round THE /OWN. general gee gee gossip. By "GALOPIN." struck me as being a very nott ir was made in town last Saturday nlnff the more so because one of the £S»n«l-U» X a Mokmakar, anj, "ts.s?C ,S! .A vnve known nis uuua — x— - Slider) took the Carbines nominated for f, e Derby against Bobadil, "one to win," nr a level "half monkey." As this same colder at that moment couTd have easily laid level money against Bobadil, and 1 ad Cocos cordite, Johansen, Gauleon, Woodlark, Picture and a score of others, In addition to the Carbines, on-hls side, fancy het was .(to say the least) Hardly well conceived or considered. However, perhaps George Frederick may pull him through y#._ Apropos of Carbine. We have all been deploring the expatriation of Mr Donald Wallace's old crack, but we mustn't overlook Uie fact that he was a most prolific progenitor while he was at the stud here, and he has left thirty or forty verv stout chips of the old block behind him to perpetuate his fame. Thirteen eons and daughters in the Derby, and eleven, apart from Derby colts, in the Melbourne Cup, represent "Old Jack" this spring. And as his Cup candidates includes Amberite, Bundook, Clarion, and Fucile — each almost up to w.f.a, form— the stock of the old stallion pro- Wise to be dangerous in all the principal events at Flemington. Any gossip minus a reference to that Bobbydazzler -Bobadil would be as in complete as Hamlet without the Ghost. Well, the brown colt has neither grown nor filled out; he is probably half a hundredweight lighter than Aurum was twelve months back, and he scarcely fills the eve as a Derby colt. But he can gal lop. He proved that pretty conclusively last Saturday, and as he was giving away seven pounds to all his contempo raries, I fail to see how either of them can possibly (on paper) turn the tables on hi in in the Derby. George Frederick may be susceptible of improvement, and Cocos" and Cordite may have to be reck oned with. But surely it must be the best of good business to snap up even money about the brown son of She for the Derby. » And right here comes in the manifest difference between English and Austra lian betting. For such a race, and in such company as the Narre Warren Stakes field, Bobadil in England would have had at least 3 to 1 laid on him. Here the fielders were content to accept 5 to 4 and 6 to 4. Again, in the old country, professional backers would probably have stood off four or five of the other races, and waited for the good thing of the day — Bobadil. Here a majority of the punters were either too stonily broke or too disheartened, to go for a recov ery on the last race of the day. Hence their discomfiture. I do, however, know of one plucky individual who lost heav ily ver the last five races, but got it all back over Bobadil. This, however, in volved an outlay of nearly a thousand pounds on Bill of Portland's son. Accepting Mr F. F. Dakin as a true prophet. And who should there be more reliable than the handicapper? — Massi- nissa has something like five and twenty pounds the better of the Caulfield Cup weights. Which may be interpreted as a very strong tip in favor of Splendor's son, who in the V.R.C. Stand Handicap lias been allotted the steadier of 8st 91b. With such a big pull on the weights, Mr Isaac Foulsham bids fair to achieve an other Caulfield Cup coup, and excel his G'Naroo record of seven years back. « An early bird, who nestles not a thou sand yards away from Oxenham's ear ner, at Randwiek, and who is always to be found perched on a rail at daybreak, when a big gallop is on, chirrups me that Clarion, all going well, with his poor feet, will win the Melbourne Cup. "As good as Paris," he says, which is rather a U.S assertion. At 8st 51b this son of arbine does strike one as having an un deniable chance. Anyhow, I give the in t 35 reache me, and with the hope tnat some of the readers of "The Times" will profit by it. Clarion will scarcely need to be quite as good as old Paris, to run respectably in this year's Cup. With Jus penalty Paris made a very hold bid in the mud for Patron's Cup. 4 » The pony people are agitating for re mission to the registration fold. They ontend very properly, I think, that the 'he Liliputians has been res ponsible for a huge extension of the Indian horse trade; many thou sand pounds worth of pony flesh having East r€ntly been Ported to the eTv!' (SlLRupert Clarke for example, Honfi?1 hTin|r like 700 guineas for three scorf the circunastanees, some torsJI S f Dromlnent pony proprie- eatkinl anxious to have the disqualifi- with tnremVed from their horses' and, sending V1€J ta number of them are YRc w. applications to the with Jn m a conversation I have had dh some of the Iead.ns men> T elean I that they have a few sugestions to which will' radically improve the old time methods of measurement and jpan- , agement, which obtained some years back under the old regime. The V.R.C. certainly should encourage anything cal culated to advertise the liorse trade, and thus add to the revenue of the colony. 