DATS OF DANGER. t ? . ? [copyright.] Thrilling Narratives of the BnsbraDging Times. Keenan's Ghost. BY CAPTAIN LACIE. ? 9 ? IN FIVE PARTS. PERIOD, 1846. PART Ilf. The depot of Edwards' party was on Llie Mersey River, some thirty miles from Mount Valentine, and in four days (his was reached, and the chief Bent in his report. He carefully omitted all refer ence to the phantom, for lie waa aware the authorities did not include ghosts, spectres, or even fairies — unless stage niies— as coming within the official list of exemptions from duty. The health of the party, so the report stated, was beginning to suffer, and as a large quantity of work had already been accomplished, Evan Edwards claimed for I110 party a spell in ihe more settled parts, for the place he left was quite un settled. It might be added here that the requost was granted, and never again did the men visit the wild region they quitted, on duty. The finding of the skeleton was, of course, the most important communica tion which had to be made to the authorities, and it was deemed bo queer that an exhaustive written statement and the photograph were forwarded to Hobart Town, where they went before the police. The photo, was 11 1 mice recognised as that of a brutal wife murderer named Jensen, a settler on the Norfolk Plains. Thn tragedy had occurred nearly four years previously, and the oulprit had never been brought to justice. It was three dayis after the crime was discovered, and as all the factB pointed clearly totha husband being the perpetrator, a close and vigorous quest was made for him, but he had disappeared as completely as if the earth had opened and swallowed him. A whaling vessel had left Hobart Town about twenty-four hours after the deed was committed, and the police authorities were convinoed, as their search in the colony was fruitless, that Jensen had been fortunate enough to get away in the ship. Efforts were made to have the craft searched at her port of arrival, but as there were no cables in those days the attempt proved quite abortive, and the memory of Jensen's crime was quite forgotten. Now it was unexpectedly revived, and in a manner which left no doubt in the minds of thn high officials that the murderer had never left the colony, but had fled to the furthest western regions, and there perished miserably. It was quite likely that the man would either take or destroy his likeness if only from prudential reasons, as if it fell into the hands of the polioe they would re produce it, and, sending it to different parts, assist in his detention. He might have had a special reason in desiring Its preservation, and that would seem to be so from the oare he took in saving it. That was the common view held, and that he had perished was now beyond all shadow of doubt. That muoh was solved, yet there was one point which remained to be cleared up. When Jensen dis appeared two other settlers also were missed from a neighbouring farm . They were partners named John Duffy and Thomaa Worrall. A fortnight later the body of Duffy was discovered in the Derwent River on which their farm abutted, and as a boat which they frequently used was dis covered overturned some days previously, there was every reason 10 believe that the two men had met a watery grave. Tbe body of Worrall wan never found. It was only the revival of the tragic story of Jensen's crime whioh resurrected from the crave of memory the Btrango fate winch had befallen the two men Duffy and Worrall— but beyond a few passing aliusionB to it, there «aB little gossip. It was different in Jensen's affair. The newspapers of the day took the subject up, and it afforded an excel lent theme to harp on for some weeks. '? Murder will out,' and 'The Curse of Cain,' were some of the titles which the writers used in dealing with the subjeot, but the nine days' wonder was Bonn over, and gradually the memory of Jensen's crime and his fate faded from the public mind. Providence had stepped in and dealt outjustice to the murderer when human effort was in vain. A second survey party was at onoe despatched to take up the work unfinished by Edwards. This was under the control of a man named William Oonsidine, and us it would not be polite on the part of Edwards and his men to try and frighten off their unevied successors, they said nothing on the question of ghosts. The story of the skeleton was of oourse publio property, but it was not an unoommon occurrence to unearth human remains in the bush, and Oonsidine and his four men were not at all moved at the thought of working in a district where the bones of a wretched mortal had been discovered. A fortnight from the time Edwards left the haunted spot as he Imagined, Oon sidine took np the same small olearing nesr the big tree for his camp. This was quick work, but it so happened that when Edwards arrived at the dep6t, Oonsidine and his party were already equipped to go whither tbe distriot sur veyor wished to send them. Of oourse, the first spot of interest to the newcomers was the grave, and they . viewed it with more than usual oare, for it marked the last resbing-plaoe of a desperate scoundrel and one who must have been possessed of no common oourage, skill, and endurance to reach the locality where his bones were found. It was not reported that he had ever oommitted any robberies or assaults in order to obtain food for the hundred . miles or more of rough country which he must have traversed, and if he kept the Lake Distriot, or even farther, west, it was marvellous how he had managed to live. Oonsidine and his man knew fall well the perils of suoh travel, and they concluded that although he must have started away with a good equipment of food and stores, most remarkable courage and perseveranoe was shown by him. On the 29th May, Oonsidine and party arrived at (he 'Grave Tree,' and next day astive operation! were continued. The chief was one who believed that it was most advisable to keep the oarap well supplied with fresh meat if possible, and there was a man continually told off with the (run for the purpose of securing wild fowl, kangaroo, or auch other animals as might be suitable for food. The reports of gun-shots sounded fre. quently during the day, and they helped to give a more civilised tone— if such may be said— to the wild district. A week after the arrival of the party, Graham, the cook, who was always left in camp, reported that the beef-barrel was getting luw- and in face of the fact that so much fresh meat was used, this was somewhat puzzling. ' Did you weigh it at the dep6t when it was handed over T asked Oonsidine, 'No, sir. It was given to me as two hundredweight nett by thestoreman, and I took that as being correct. It ap peared to be quite that when we placed ii in the waggon.' Coneidine, it might be stated, had managed to bring a waggon into the rugged district. This was due to Evan Edwards, who reported thut there was a fairly practicable route, which he kindly sketohed out for him. This waggon proved very handy, but there was every likelihood that it would have to be aban doned as they went further on. Of course it could be picked up again on the ' Well, there couldn't have been that amount in it. We haven't oaten much siuce our arrival. How long will it last nnder the present circumstances ?' asked Ci:nsidine. 1 Not more than a fortnight,' was the answer. The chief went away muttering male dictions on the heads of the survey con tractors for their supposed dexterity in cheating, and vowing he would have everything neighed under his own eyes in future. Ot coarse, everything was charged against the oamp, and the more that was consumed the less money there was to draw when the party returned. Two days later the cook, who was also storeman, had an even worse tale to tell, and one that caused no little commotion and mystification in the camp. A pair of boots and a whole suit of clothes were missing from the waggon, and there was evidence that the biBcuit-barrelhad been tampered with. The question at onne arose, ' Which of the party conld have been guilty of so dispicable an act. and what earthly reason was there for the theft?' Oonsidine called his men together and told them what had happened. He did not for an inBtant suspect any of them of the theft. They had been with him almoBt continuously for two years, and were most trustworthy fellows. He wanted their advice, bnt they had little to give. ' If it was only a mere matter of the food going I Bhould say there was a vagabond aboriginal prowling about, but blacks don't run away with strsng boots and clothing. That is where the mystery comes in, and yet there must be some explanation for the affair,' spoke the leader. ' Are you sure the articles were not lost on the journey ?' asked one of the men. ' Yes, quite certain ; for I oaly took them out of the chest yesterday. They were hanging up in the waggon, and you might hare seen them for yourself. Besides, I've noticed little bits of food disappear the same way. There was that half-eaten dnck yesterday. I couldn't find it when I wanted it,' answered Graham. ' Oh, some animal might have carried that uway. I wouldn't think much of that,' replied the first speaker. ' We must make a thorough search in the morning aronnd this place and see if there is anything that will insist us to discover the thief, who, in my opinion, must be white and not black. We may drop on some tracks that may put us on the aoent. In the meantime it will be necessary to keep a watch at night. I'll take my turn the same at any of you,' spoke Oonsidine. This was a sensible stop and was duly carried out, bnt nothing occurred to diB turb the harmony of the camp. In the morning a close search was begun, but it proved quite fruitless. The tracks of horseB and men were numerous, but there was no distinguishing whether they were those of friends or foea. Some of them had probably been made by Edwards and his men, and others by the present party ; so after a couple of hours search the quest was abandoned as uselesB. On leaving the oamp strict instructions were (riven Graham to keep a keen watch, for it was almost certain the previous robberies had been carried ont during the day. A further precaution was taken in removing the waggon from the edge of the scrub to the centre of the clearing. In fact, that step should have been taken at nrst, tnougn, 01 oourse, no one even suspected that there was as much as an aboriginal in the locality. Bach man, including the cook, carried a revolver, and they would not have hesitated to use them on any intruder whom they sus pected of pillaging intentions. On the second day after this event Mesley, the man usually entrusted with the task of obtaining game, oame back to the camp a oouple of hours after he had left it and exoltedly asked where Mr. Oonsidine was. ? Bight ahead in the track, Tom. What have you found? Tou look regular ekeared,' Graham asked. * Well, I've found another camp, Bill, aud not a great distance from here. I just stumbled on it when chasing a wounded wallaby, and my word it's a snug place. I believe we're going to make a queer discovery, for it seems to me like a white man's caboose. I oleared out in a hurry, for I thought every moment a gorilla or something else might oome along. I must go at onoe and see Oonsidine,' answered the huntsman. 'Gorilla be blowed. There ain't no gorillas about here, but I expeot you'll nab the fellow that's been stealing our things. We'll make it hotfor him, Tom,' replied Graham. The latter scarcely heard the oook'a remarks, for he was hurrying along the track to see Oonsidine, and In a quarter of an hour he returned with the whole parky. The chief regarded the news as serious, for he armed all the men, and leaving one with Graham, in company with the other two he started nnder Mesley 's guidanoe for the spot which had so startled the latter. The route taken was due north from the oamp and towards the densely wooded peak of Mount Valentine. The country was exceedingly rough, for notonly were tbe creeping plants in vigorous luxuriance but huge masses of rock (all granite at times,) blocked thfl way. These piles were muoh worn, and the decay of ages was. most apparent. In some plaoea moder ately sized trees grew on the rooks, for the tops had crumbled away and mixed with earth. Occasionally narrowgulliea interceded the aides,' and it was to one of these which Mesley led his comrades. The entrance watovergrown with bauri vine, and in almost total darkness the three men went along beside a babbling brook whioh wended its course from the mountain side to the ndjacent river. After about a hundred yards the scrub ceased and '.he sunlight poured down, revealing a magnificent scene. The sides of the glen had become transformed into I wbIIs of rock which gradually rose in a slope until ihcy were not less than one hundred feet on either Bide. They did not go up sheer, but in a series of gigantic steps, wliich gave the place a most unique appearance. The centre of the glen was covered Kith vegetation, which relievod the eye. The scrub gave place to tree-ferns, musk, laurel, and other pleasant-looking growth?, and it was evident that the inhabitant of the plac9 (whoever he or slic was) muBt have had an eye to beauty as well as comfort when the glen was selected as an abode. ?You must be careful now. The 'den' is only a hundred yards away in yonder hollow,' spoke MeBley, pointing to a small n cess in front. At this point the party found that by some convulsion of nature a huge ' bite ' had been taken out of the rock walls to a depth of about twenty feet. The re might be made by the bite of some diabolic mouth. Fern-trees had grown in front in such a way as almost to form a natural barrier. The trunks were only a few feet apart, whilst above the branches interlaced in a beautiful manner. Wild musk, Biirtaparilla, and other pleasing shrubs grew between, and there waB only one well-defined passage which the first glance showed hud been often used by man or the. lower animals. 'The wounded wallaby got through there, and that's how I found the place,' whispered Mesley as they silently and cautiously vent on looking to see that their weapons were in order. 'How do you know that only one person lives here ?' asked the chief as they neared the Bpot. 'There is only one small bunk bo far as I could see. That's all I go by. There may be half a dozen if I'm wrong in that respect,' replied Mesley. 'Well, if so, they cannot be white men, so that we have little to fear. Let us go right in. Perhaps 1 he tenant has not returned yet,' said Oonsidine. Passing through the aporture of the natural rampart a queer scene met the eye. There was a ledge of granite about ten teet in height and quite flat on top. It was fully twenty feet square and was approached by two or three rough Bteps partly formed by nature and partly artificial. On the mount waa erected a small hut, though in fact there was little need for it, as therocks above and around formed a natural shelter. Clambering up on the Bmall platean, Considine was followed by the two men, and it was ap parent the occupant had not returned, as there was no resistance offered and no visible presence. On one side of the ledge a fort of natural fire-place was formed, and it had every indication of having been used for a long time. Some unburnt fuel was still piled in a corner ready for use. Approaching tne nut the examination was oontinued. The place wsb fairly well lighted, for the sun was streaming down upon the place, and the men were enabled to get a clear view of the interior. At the end was a small bunk about six feet long by three broad, and it was plentifully supplied with the skins of kangaroo, wallaby, oppossum, and other animals. Several rough spears were standing in one corner, whilst a fur cap was hanging from a peg in the wall. A small piece of corned beef was lying on a most ingenuionsly-made etone-plate, which had been laboriously faBhioned from a Blab of granite. In a corner of the room was a large hollow stone like a basin, and it was quite likely that the occupant used that for boiling water and cooking meat when obtained. 1 That corned beef ought to be evi dence against this fellow, whoevor he may be, but I don't know how you arrived at the conclusion that the tenant is a white man. A blackfellow might have just such a plaoe,' said Considine. 'Come out here and I'll show you,' answered MeBley, who had evidently taken a much closer survey of the place on his first viBit than he stated. ' Look there,' he went on as he led them to the face of the granite cliff near the back of the hut; ' blackfellows don't write like that, do they ?' As lie spoke he pointed to the cliff, and with unfeigned surprise the men read the following, roughly but deeply cut out of the rock: ' Oakl Jensen.' ?Jensen 1 Jensen I Where did I hear that name T Why, that's the name of that murderer whose body— or skeleton — was found at the big tree yonder by Evan Edwards's party.- It's queer, cer tainly. The fellow must have lived here. The thoueht makes meshiver.'remarked Considine in wonder. ? But who lives here now ? That's what I want to know,' asked Mesley. ' No one so far as I can see. The place may not have been inhabited since Jensen died. Tou see it is an well pro tected here thar the hut would remain in its usual state for a long time,' replied Oonsidine. ? But the corned beef hasn't been here since Jensen's death, which is. supposed to have taken plaoe about three years ago, and that fire there wan alight less than a week ago,' persisted Mesley. ? I had forgotten all about the beef. I suppose it must be an aboriginal who has found the retreat. It is a real nice little nook and no mistake. If I had to live in the wilderness myself I shouldn't mind juBt such a spot,' OonBidine said. ' My opinion is thai a white man or two Is still about here. Tou said a few days ago that blacks did not steal boots and clothes, and I agree with that. Then who took our boots and clothes V asked Mesley. 'How can I answer such a Question. There is, of course, a mystery about the whole thing whioh time alone may answer. In the meantime we will set a watoh and try and find the secret for ourselves. It may come sooner than we think. If there is a wild white man in the locality it iB our duty to discover all we can about him and let the authorities know. We will station two men here for a few days. I and Jack will remain till to- morrow morning if yon'll bring us np a little food. You can stay also, and tell them at the camp to keep a sharp look out, for the fellow may try to oarry off more Btores. He must be running out of provisions by this time,' observed Oon Bidine. To Be Oohtincbd. 