THE PERILS OF THE DIVER'S LIFE. A cool liead should certainly he included ill the equipment of a man who seeks to earn his bread-in the sea. The story is told of a diver who saw two ghosts, "full fathoms five" under the surface. He had gone down to the wreck of a large steamer, and was crossing the main saloon when two grey shapes of enormous size Mine shambling towards" him. He did not wait to make notes for the Psychical Society, but gave the danger signal and was at once pulled up. Told in the cheerful light of day, it seemed rather a lame story ; and another diver went down to see what he could make of it. To wards him also came the shambling grey shapes. He stood irresolute for a moment, and then going- boldly forward struck his hatchet through— a mirror ! The ghosts were only a dim reflection of his own legs, much en larged, of course, ns everything is that the diver sees through the great frontal eye of his helmet. If the diver goes round a mast or under a companion-ladder or through a door he must return exactly the same way, or his lines will foul. "Sometimes lie gets into <1 tangle which he finds impossible to uncoil. Nothing worse could happen to him. The supply of air continues to come, for the air tube is so made that it never " kinks;" but he is a prisoner, and no amount of pulling will bring him to the surface- His one chance in such a case is to cut the air-tube. If he has "a clear road" he will, having thrown off his weights, shoot up at once ; and his fate then depends upon the time it takes the attendants to get to him. There is a case on record of a diver coming up in this way, and striking against the bottom of a boat: his helmet was not damaged, but the. force of the blow drove the edges down into the manVshoulders and killed, him. . *. Qneof the . most horrible predicaments a i-diver.was ever-placed in, said Mr. Sully, the .famous Newport diver, to a representative of Chums,-, must Have been that of one of whom I once heard who had to investigate a wreck that had carried to the bottom with her a ! number of cattle. When he blew off the hatches* the bodies floated up, and with a ; rush a school of hungry sharks attacked them. They were all around the diver, fighting end struggling, and he was in mortal teiror lest his air-pipe should be bitten in two in the midst of the fearful struggle that .was going on. At length, unable to bear the suspense any longer, he signalled to be drawn up, notwithstanding that he would have to pass, through the thick of the fierce monsters. In his passage to the surface he brushed close past the sharks, and one of them made a vicious grab at him. It missed his arm, but caught his fingers, and his hand was badly mangled. Perhaps, however, he v-as glad to get oil as cheaply ns he did. . • . . . .' . An American diver once told me a blood-curdling story of a fight with a shark, waged by a man named Hallett (adds the C/iuW , representative). The latter, it is said, was working in one of the old fashioned bells, and while he was being, lowered one day ::he saw below him a black object. In a second, or two he recognised that - it was a shark, and to his horror the bell trapped-the monster, so: that' man and shark were rubbing against each other in the closest possible proximity. The shark, grew alarmed, andin swinging viciously round knocked Hallett from his seat. The diver had in his hand a small sharp saw, and fearing that the shark would make short work of him, he seized one of.its fins and plunged his saw deep into its body. Then a terrible struggle began. In the confined space the shark could not-get at the diver without shaking off the hold that tho latter had'got,.and "the latter, seeing that his only hope was to retain his- hold, clung on. desperately, all the time driving his saw time after time into the body of the maddened sea-tiger. Hallett had-contrived to make a signal, and just as his senses were leaving him ha felt himself rising. When the bell was dragged out of the water, man and shark rolled oufcin a blood-stained heap, but the man had conquered. When he came to his senses he found that a torn and wounded hand was all the injury he had received in the awful encounter, but the shark was dead. 