BABTY.. TBv E. Y. Edtan.] The school year was nearing its close. Only a few hot, heavy days remained; and this day, too, was drawing to a close. The hands of the clock pointed to half-past 3. Teacher, wise beyond her three-and-twenty years, recog nised that the limit of her patience had been reached. .She closed her geography, released from the blackboard the boy who was hope lessly scratching the pointer over the map of Asia in vain search for the Yang-tse-Eiang, and said "Your first recitation to-morrow will be sec tion one of the questions on the map of Africa. I wish every boy to devote himself to study between now and-4 o'clock. Any communica tion ■ will be punished by detention after school." ' - When Eddy Bryant's head sank on his desk and his labored breathing was heard through out the room ; when five-aud-forty pairs of eyes looked more often at the Dig clock than at the map of Africa. Teacher's own eyes kept steadfastly on her book. It may have been that Teacher herself was well on the way to join Eddy Bryant, in the happy land of Nod. Certain it is that she was unconscious that the forty-five pairs of eyes turned suddenly away from the big clock, which was not in the direction of Africa. A snicker from Eddy Bryant, who had returned to the world much refreshed by his journey, startled her. In that unlucky moment of unconsciousness Teacher had lost her grip upon her nerves, and when it became plain to her that Barty Grogan was offender in-chief her vciee quivered with indignation^ Barty Grogan was head boy and '' Teacher's pet." Eor 10 months lie had been her devoted slave and the model pupil to be depended upon in- all emergencies. But Bartys turn had come now, and for the other pupils even the big clock; had no attractions compared with this interesting crisis. "Barty Grogan!" rang out Teacher's voice, " take your foot off your desk immediately!" Bartys foot remained upon the desk-top; the schoolroom bristled-with interert. Teacher was at her wit's end. She had heard of this stubbornness in Barty. There was a. tradition in the neighborhood that he had once spent the night in adooirway, to which he had chased JJddy Bryant for "last tag," rather than leave defeated. She had heard other tales of Barty's obstinacy ; occa sionally she had felt that only tactful manage ment on her own part had spared her from collisions with it. She had, however, been victorious for 10 months, in which time Barty had been unto her a very squire of dames. And now it had come to this!" "Barty Grogan," began Teacher again, "take your foot off your desk or leave the room." When Barty was "set1.' he was, indeed, im pervious to every known mode of discipline. He could be reached only at one point, and Teacher's last command had touched this. To the bewilderment of his compeers and to Teacher's almost dismayed satisfaction, the ragged boot and indescribable stocking were removed from her view,- and Barty, asrain him self, sat erect and smiling in his seat. His lips were seen to • move, and a low chuckle escaped him. The end of the battle had not come for Teacher. "Barty Grogan/ no. communicating! Repeat aloud what you said to yourself." "I said I don't know how I could leave the room without taking my foot off of the desk." The hands of the big clock clicked as they reached the hour. : The great school gong sounded through every corner of the square brick building. There was an instant of con flict between normal-school discipline and Teacher herself. She laughed ; the five-and forty urchins laughed. ■' "Boys,", said Teacher, "we're all glad school's over for to-day.' First row rise, file into the coat-room and dowri-stairs in line." The big brick building swarmed in every story with lines of boys, orderly as to the outward man, but full of restless energy within. As each boy reached' the stone steps outside, the inevitable explosion took place. Some whooped with the energy of. Indians in their native wilds; some leaped the length of the steps, and one and all assisted those in front of them to hasten their descent. . Behind Barty slouched John York, a sullen, • hulking fellow, whose seat in class had been as unchanging as Barty's own, but diametri cally across the schoolroom. . His heavy face indicated lack of what was fine rather than positive viciousness. As Barty lingered on the top step, swinging his arms, blocking the way, and declaiming:—"One to make ready,'two to prepare, three to goslam-bahg right—" John York kicked him from behind, and Barty plunged forward among the boys below. His fall upon the pavement was broken, and in an instant he was on his feet with face full of pain and rage. "Til pay you for that!" he shouted ; then ho tottered and fell. Instantly the dispersing crowd surrounded him. "I'm all right, fellows," lie said, in a be wildered stammer, raising himself on his elbow. "Just get put of the way and let me—" and this time Barty's face turned white, and he sank upon the bricks a limp little heap. " Here's the cop; cheese it, cheese it!" passed among the crowd, and some of the boys fled, as red-faced Policeman Burke strode to ward the steps. Carefully he lifted Barty in bis arms, and escorted by a little.crowd of boys, carried him towards'the main thorough fare where lay the little lad's home. "Boor little feller. Poor little feller !" over and over said big'Policeman Burke. "Who did it, boys V Jest let me catch liim." And the excited boys repeated, "Who did it?" "'Twas Eddy Bryant. I saw him come downstairs just behind Barty." "'Twasn't me, neither," shouted outraged Eddy Bryant. " Barty tumbled right down on top of me and knocked my cap offand Eddy.- displayed his visorless baseball cap as proof'of his innocence. ■ "'Twas one of tbe fellers that ran when the cop came," volunteered another of the boys. " You might know he wouldn't stay. 'Twas a mean trick, anyhow.". And theyj stopped at the door of the tall tenement whose front attic was the home of Barty and his widowed mother. " I know where the key is." volunteered Eddy Bryant, and with this knowledge , as his warrant h6 accompanied the officer and his unconscious • little burden up tbe long and narrow flights of stairs. Erom under the mat Eddy drew the key, unlocked the door, and pre ceded Policeman Burke into the empty room. The afternoon sun streamed through the ■windows and lay in patches on the bare floor, where the shadows of the geraniums upon the sills were stirring with the light breeze that had sprung up. Mary Grogan had done her best to make a home for ber boy. The room was bare, but it was clean. Elowering plants grew in the windows; a white bed faced the door. . With wonderful thoughtfulness Eddy Bryant stripped_ back the white covering of the bed. "She thinks a lot of that," he said. "Barty told me so.. The lady she lived with before she was married gave it to her. Barty thinks a lot of it, too,' and they never sit on the bed like we do." Policeman Burke laid the limp little figure on the sheets. , "Where's bis mother?" he asked, as he straightened up and looked about the room. \- "1 don't know," said Eddy. "I guess nobody knows. She don't talk much to folks." Mary Grogan returned from her long day of toil to find her peaceful room a scene of confusion and her boy a moaning little figure, stretched on the white bed of which they were so proud. Not all the efforts of the doctor and the young parish clergyman had availed to keep' - the room free from kindly- curious neighbors; but this grief-stricken mother was beyond their understanding, and one by one they slipped away. A woman of few words at any time, she now Stood beside her boy, and in a dull, hard tone said, "Who did it? Who hurt Barty ?" Then, dropping beside the bed,_ she shook with paroxysms of grief, uttering one low wail after another. The clergyman touched her on the shoulder. "Mrs. Grogan," he said, "yon must lie brave; Barty mu3d have good care, and the doctor will do his best for him." The appeal to her desire for Barty's com fort brought back the poor soul's calm. Mechanically she rose and went about under the doctor's directions. They gave her no hope for the little lad from the first; but it was for his comfort she had worked for eleven years, and for his comfort she-again took up the burden. There were a few days of moaning delirium, j and then one morning Barty gave his mother i apitifullibtlesmile. "Don't mind ma." he whis- j pered. "I won't soil the spread;" and he tried to hold out a weak little hand, white as it had never been before since Barty left his cradle. Over and over in the poor mother's mind had been turning the questions, "Who did it? Who hurt Barty Y" After this gle: am of con sciousness from her boy she could hold her agony to herself no longor. " Barty," she implored, " who did it ? Tell ma." \ He did not answer. He seemed to go off into unconsciousness again. A faraway look, such has Teacher had seen that last hot after noon in the schoolroom, came into his eyes, and his head settled back into the pillow. Bach attempt on the poor mother's part brought the "same result, and at last Mary Grogan realised that the little white boy who lay on the white bed was in very truth her Barty, for she knew that he was "set." The conviction that Barty would not tell produced an almost frantic desire to know "who did it." A day or two more passed, and the old black pocket-book beneath the mattress grew very thin. Barty did not-suffer, except from the summer heat and the weakness of ebbing life. The dispensary doctor came often, and the parish clergyman every day. So- Mary Grogan went back to her toil, and the neigh bor from the rear attic came twice a day to supply Barty with fresh water and the food he could hot eat. Each day the mother's misery grew greater, and each night brought the old, imploring question, "AVhodidit, Barty? Tell ma who did." Each day the little figure on the white bed grew frailer; each hour the white face on the pillow bore less and less likeness to merry, rosy Barty of the brick-schoolhouse; but each night the mouth took on its old, firm set, and the eyes stared far away into the distance, beyond his mother's pleading face. ■ The young clergyman knew, and that was a comfort to Barty. Sometimes, when the day was less hot or the awful weakness of the ebbing life seemed to drag less upon him, Barty would talk the matter over with the clergyman. J _ " ion see, I ain't going to tell because he didn't mqan to hurt me. 'Twon't do ma any good to know. She'd just jaw him,; and the •fellows would, too, and he never meant it." The young clergyman did not try to shake his resolution. Barty's "setness" came to have a sacredness and a significance for him tliat would last through all the years of ser vice stretching before him. I Perhaps it ivas because he knew, and his own mind was free to observe others, that there was revealed to him at Party's bedside the utter futility of our weak human desire for retribution, and the beauty and blessedness of Party's unconscious course of leaving it all with God. Pefore school ended Teacher came to say a long good-bye to her faithful little squire. Party's eyes had a bit of the old twinkle as he said, '.'I had to take my foot off the deck, didn't I, Teacher V" .'1 • Then he queried feebly, "Am I going to get double promotion, Teacher?' "Yes," said Teacher, with her eyes full of tears, "and all the boys will 'be promoted, Party, except John York." Party seemed to grow more feeble after this and teacher took her leave, putting her face down close to the .white cheek of the little lad so soon to be " prbmoted." The thought of the boy who was not to be promoted haunted Party's mind in the wakeful hours of the night, and oppressed him with a gloom that his own double promotion could not dispeL' To be "kept back" was a fate more bitter than he felt any boy deserved. Pefore his mother left the room .next morn ing he asked, with more eagerness than she had seen for days, "Ma, can one of the fellows come to see me to-day ?" x 'Mrs. Grogan looked doubtful. "The fel lows" represented to her mind the great warring powers of evil that encompassed Party round about. Pat the eager look on his face was'not to be refused. "Who do you want?" she said, doubtfully; " Eddy Px-yant ?" "No," answered Party, slowly: "I want John York." : " Oh Party, don't plague ma now. You don't' want that great, rough feilow. jfou didn't ever think anything of him." ; "I want to see John York," repeated Party, feebly, and his faint little voice had a. familiar ring of determination that was like a ghost of the past. ; ' ^ - Mrs. Grogan fastened her bonnet, kissed her boy and left the room, locking the door from the outside and placing the key beneath the torn mat, from which hiding-place the doctor, the minister, and the neighbor from the back attic were accustomed to draw it. Party lay back content, and dozed and waited. Late in the afternoon'he was roused from his light slumber by the opening of the door. In the doorway stood a sullen-looking boy, who leaned heavily against the door-jamb, as if seeking a moral support that his hulking •body failed to provide. ' The two looked at each other in silence for the instant in which consciousness was return ing to Party. John York had been brought thither by a power not, his own—fear to disobey the com mand of the woman with the hard, agonised face who had sought him that morning—fear also of the awful thing that he had done, the awful consequences of which his dull brain dared not try to grasp. 5U1 bis life every man's band bad been against him, and he slouched through each day and month and year in dull, unreasoning hatred of his kind. ' ■ Cuffed by his father, scolded and ridiculed by his teacher, shunned by the boys, he had unconsciously fortified himself against the world by increasing his indifference and in sensibility to its blows. Put during this last fortnight, even his sluggish soul was stirred by the angry dis cussion of his schoolmates as to who was the coward who had hurt Party Grogan. That very morning Teacher, with tears ■ fall ing down her cheeks, had told the class about poor, white little Party, lying on his white bed, never again to join them in their sports. "Poys," she said, "you all want to be men. True men are never cruel., When people are cruel and brutal and wantonly injure others, they are not men and women at all", bnt cowards and brutes. " God tells every one of you that he has got to study hard to learn to be a true mail. That is the only way to save this world from dread ful things—by every boy learning to be a true man, and not cowardly and brutaL The last morning Party was in school I wrote on the board for the day's verse:— Evil is wrought by want of thoueht Far more than by want of heart Say it over for me, all together, boys." Ancl with solemn faces the four-aud- forty urchins repeated the lines. . > All this was slowly, dully revolving in John j York's mind as he stood staring at tue little | white boy lying on the white bed. lust as Teacher had told them. { "Hullo, John," said Barty, "I'm glad you've come. Shut the door." John closed the door awkwardly; and slouched toward the white bed, his heavy face full of dull, scared misery. "Say, John," began Barty, " I knew you kicked me, and I .wan ted. to see .you; and tell you I'm never going to tell, and you ^mustn't let on either. 1 knew j'ou didn't mean to hurt me, and I haven't told any body,-and I'm not going to." At last'the sluggish soul was stirred to its depths. John dropped by the white bed, buried his shaggy head in the sheet, and sobbed till Bartv cried in sympathy. To Barty, however, the explanation of John's grief lay .in the terrible disgrace ot being " kept back." . " Don't you mind, John," he consoled. "Teacher's awful nice. I wouldn't mind so much if I was kept back in her room. She's' awful pretty. Perhaps they'll promote you in February." ; " I don't mind about that," choked John. "They don't never promote me often. But I don't mean to—" and his teacher's words forced themselves back into the dull brain, "I didn't;mean to be brutal to you." Barty, ill as ho was, was impressed, even as the boys had been, by this new word, and his attempts at comfort were redoubled. ; "You weren't brutal," he said. "That's when men kick horses. You didn't mean to hurt me. I always knew you didn't mean any thing but fun, and that's why I won't tell on you. 'Taint as bad as you think." * But John could not be comforted. "Iaint been brought up well. Teacher told me I aint, one day. Nobody don't look after me any, and, and—" here his head lifted and his eyes surveyed the white bed which Mary Grogan toiled to keep fresh for her boy, " and nobody don't make my bed," he groaned, letting his head grovel in the sheets once more. To be "kept back" was indeed hard, and to have nobody make his bed ! Why, Barty had never known what it was to live without that white bed, sacredly guarded through the day, into which be had. been cosily tucked every night of his life. To him it was sign and symbol of all that was pleasant, all that was ambitious. And now, in bis loneliness and weakness, he sometimes felt almost a privileged character because he could lie in the white bed all day. And John had nobody to make his bed, and perhaps his bed wasn't white at alL Barty was growing very weary now. He gave John's shaggy head a little pat. " Don't you mind about me, John. I'm awful sorry about your bed. Ma'll let you come to see me. every day. I'd rather have you than Eddy Bryant. I guess—" and poor, weak little Barty was asletfp. John shambled softly out of the room, locked the door, and put the key beneath the mat. Thereafter no day passed throughout the hot summer that he did not visit Barty. Sometimes Barty moaned with the awful weakness of ebbing life. Sometimesbe dropped from one restless nap into another, but still he. lingpE6d:on,An^one;CoulditelLwby. j John could not talk much, and Barty could not have listened, but the sick boy never failed I to say, " Don't you mind about me," and poor, dull John, for love's sake.walked less heavily, and held his head higher that he might better serve the littlo lad to ivhom he had been "brutal." We are all bought with a price. It is an eternal^ principle. Who shall be bold enough to say. that Barty' Grdgan's life was lived wholly in vain, or that John York's soul was not worth the great ransom,given T One day the young minister told Barty he would not live to play among the other boys again. ^ The boy did not seem to be much impressed, j He • had giown too weak to care what came I now, and the days were very hot and the nights [ very long. : i 1 Sometimes it seemed to the young clergy man that the only tie that, bound him at all to life was the determination to resist his mother's appeal— "Tell ma who did it, Barty 1" But later in the day Barty said to John, "I want you should be good to ma. and don't you ever tell her who did it.. She'll feel awful bad when she. hasn't got • me, and perhaps she'll like you then." J Another day and Mary Grogan did not go to work. The doctors came, and then' the young minister, and the faces of both were yery grave and solemn. Barty lay white and still upon his white bed. His eyes opened and fell upon his mother sitting by the foot, of the bed. Behind her stood the doctor and the clergyman, whose face was hidden in his hand. "Ma," whispered Barty, "you. don't mind, do you, because I didn't tell. He didn't mean to hurt me. You'll be good to John, won't you, ma, because ■ he hasn't got any mother— and nobody makes his bed." ■ And then the little whisper stopped, and Barty got his double promotion. Boston Youth's Companion. 