NOTES AND COMMENTS. Our Kalgoorlie correspondent wires that Mr D'Arcy Uhr, the well-known butcher, was 'touched' by an expert pickpocket for certain money and a nugget. He knows the numbers of the notes, and hopes the thief will have the honesty to return the nugget, on which he sets special value as a keepsake. It is surprising that a man with the experi- ence of our much-travelled townsman should have been jostled and beaten for his bundle:— For, D'Arcy, all had thought you were Too wide awake for that, That o'er you none could run the rule As o'er a simple flat. The expert who could beat you, we Would fain see beat the 'jug,' That might bring the treasure, and say 'D'Arcy Uhr 'a mug.' ' I hardly kriow what to caU it, for I may ibtusethe word - Anglo-Saxon.''—Extract from a recent speech of Lord Bosebery's. A mightyrace from-Europe sprung ; One blood,lane purpose.undone tongue; -Throughout the universe it grew (Sou know what I'm rtf erring to 1) It 8 iveral hundred States controlled ; Its spirit high, its courage bold, In future writ its deeds will swell— This race cf—no, I must not tell 1 In Asia, Afric, Tankeeland, It builds its home iarid takes its stand. Improves, while other races rot. They hate and envy—you know what! • <-'!. - , It lacke One thing? (we can't tell why) : A name to call this ptople by. It seems absurd we cannot find A title for this—never mind! * * . * * The last-issue of the-Chicago ' Bailwaj Age," which has been publishing some interesting engravings depicting the progress of work on the Seoul Chemulpo railway in Co:ea, givea the fo lowing translation of a petition addressed to the company by a few ^le^'farmfers^ setting for additional drainage near' their fcornfields. The petition was not sent to the office, but took the form of a 1 loiig board, adorned with Corean characters, which was driven into the ground at the point tbeywanted -an additional waterway • provided :— TOL-LEA. This creek looks like narrow and small for present, but there" will be Have veiy high \- water run down from above right and left side of mountain. Alter there will be more high water than the river. ' Afterward that the rail road must fall • down, because the water will fall to above v - * If the read fall down all the water go down h c hfanoHsh ^Into the field, krid will washout about several thousand bagsofrice. ... Thus we'are complain to Bail Boad Com iiany ior buUd thiB Cteak mora quite'wide. , II .'do that we will be very much oblige to csnipany. 2nd day of the 3d moon of 2nd year of Da 'Ban. •• - The petition, it is stated, had the de-. aired effect. [ * • *. . * » ' ' I was once Speaking at a temperance tea-, Tjneeting,' says Mr lilingwOrtb, 'and in the ^courte of my remarks I looked about for -somewater. A mug hadbeen placed beBide ^me, and how It could have happened at a -•temperance convention I do not know, but \- 7£t iw a beSt mug-.filled with water. Well,\ 'it was a warm day, acd - where there is food; spread out on a wsam day there are likely be flies. There were' flies, and one had " -IJglited trustingly on .the surface of the -water in that mug. I „fl>w him as I lifted it, sand Sid the most natural and humane thing ^L could think of—blew" him off the water t %ell, they cheered for' five: fiiihutes. And to ttus dayJ suppiiEe you .Can't peisuade a ^Miurchison * man thit anybody from Perth f«radiinka glass qf "wate^ even at a tem- : rfieraiice meedng, ^without first blowing off iv^B^foam.'- " • . ^ • ' "What is Victoria coming to ? For writing Shire fcncee at Gaeterton the ominous : Swords,' How shall I escape hell a travelmachinist has been fined by the local .inapstratesto the extent "Of £2 4s 6d. It Iwpuld be interesting to hear the reasons ^givai by this bench for this'judgment. Perhaps the local arbiters of the -peace are jTieatlicnP, who might have Riven a different ^judgment if, by chsince .iiisfead of the offend- Jfee Biblical query, something to the effect -Jxhat "somebody's balsam was warranted to cnreall burns, had been printed on the fence. Or had some rhral; wag- answered the Scriptural queetion by adding the words, < By using —*s soap,'the bench might have regarded the whole business as a specimen qt harmless, if somewhat heavy, bucolic wit , . aod dismissed the. case. But it was not to be, and the-Oasterton -bench goes do*n to npsterity afe unbelievers of the deepest dye, niiieas by acting "the j>art of "pione re they ^answer the. machinist's que-y from Ghost- ^rid by tepinfe '"the ptiblic how to escape ' ^the viroria, the fieih, and the devil,' without the option. ^ * - , The resident surgeons of the Broken Hill Hospital - arid^e^NWfti Melbourne police ' court are not -Agreed *as to the soundness of the raaximi that death cleats *bff' all scores. JThe other day,-when4he bench inquired why the' police jselB^ant*masked for the discharge of a «drunk and disorderly,' and learned that it was because the offender was defunct, the magistrate did not enter up the usual 58 line; with distress in default, but simply • discharged * the - departed. The Broken Comfortable Home for Ladies and ^Gentlemen, ill doctor, on the other hand, when a atient had had the bad taste to die in the ospital, considered.it hi? duty to detain the orpse until the relatives had paid up the ospital maintenance fees. No fees, 'no uaera', was his ultimatum ; and a rather wkward hospital must have supervened had ot the weather been cool and the-chairman f the committee equal to the emergency. ad the patunt recovered, it is to be preumed that the doctor would have detained im until those fees were paid—which would have brought about another awkward position, possibly involving imprisonment for life in the Bioken Hill'Hospital, and another detainer on the corpse alterwards. There seems to be as much practicality in the Silveropolis surgeon *.s in the Irish law etudent, who, when jocosely asked how he would serve a writ of ejectment on a tenant for life after his decease, promptly replied, ' Nail it on his coffin.' * . * * * It is mcontestible, notvfithstauoiag the fact that the boem days have long since, departed, that * tick' is not confined to Queensland. Still, it would appear that we have qparaniine lines of our own in the metropolis —that there are suburbs which simply revel in tick and others where it is almost unknown^ This was strikingly illustrated the other day in two separate court reports. In the one case a wharf laborer, inhabiting a. suburb where 'tick' is unknown, whose week's earnings—total, 8s 3d—had not t>een paid, and whose wife and seven children were starving, was haled before the city beaks f ir sneaking a few potatoes from a wharf, stowing them'away in his coat lining and making off to feed the family. The other case was before the Insolvency Court, and the individual concerned was getting £1 a day salary and 10i a day expenses, but he lived in a ' tick' iufested suburb. The disastrous consequences of residing within this infected area are pourtrayed in the schedule, which showed among unsecured, liabilities to the amount of £552 that the insolvent owed his t'rocer £74, butcher £58, Greengrocer £30, milkman £21, and baker £121 IE that wharf lumper had only lived in Kimberley or some other tick troubled area, he would not have been under the necessity of hooking potatoes from a wharf for supper. He would have patronised butcher, baker, and grocer handsomely and'stuck it up.' * » * The revolt of woman threatens to revolutionise the domestic relations. In Perth a - married woman was recently sentenced to- & month's imprisonment ior deserting her husband, and even in staid old England the poor abandoned male has had to organise in order to- protect ths rights of man. Male gallantry, in the French sense, is already out of date. The new woman as erts she has no use for it. She aspires to be man's equals and those of us who are not grey beards already will ere we grow much whiter see woman lawyers and woman politicians. In- deed, the enfranchisement of the sex has already had a -marked influence upon legislation in two Australasian colonies. In the holy city, Adelaide'to wit, the entrance of woman into the sphere xJt politics has brought up a -demand for legislation giving increased protection to what was once called the softer sex, by raising the age of consent to 18. In New Zealand the age is to be raised to 21. As the Turner Government contemplate the enfranchisement of the sex, Victoria.' not to "be behind in ithe race for reform, will have to put up the age to 30 or 35, or perhaps embody the melancholy Hamlet's ravingSj in an Act of Parliament decreeing that there shall be no more marriages in the State of Victoria. When that comes to pass then farewell, a long farewell, to all the poetic rhapsodies'about sweet 17. A man may yet in England wed a lass of 16 without danger of imprisonment or imperilling hi? character, and there is actually a record of a wicked lord , of some 80 winters leading _to the altar a young damsel of 16 summers. It is related that the officiating de-gym in, upon Beting the bridal party entering the church, told them that the font was -at the other end of the cSurch, i What do I want Of the f ont V inqu're t the aged beiu. ' I bag your pardon, 1 said the clergyman,' I thought you had brought the child to be chris'ened.' » * * " * ' When I see a plain ordinary person, ba he lawyer, - or banker, or senator, or representative, go on the xampage to do up the Pres^ gallery,' siid an eminent American jurist, 'I am reminded of the manner in which a friend of mine whipped John L. Suliivani His name was Marks—A1 Marks—a cotton screwer in Galveston, one of the strongest men and game&t; fighters in the State Sullivan came down there on a tour and offered 500 dollars to any man who would stand in front of the gloves three rounds. Marks accepted the challenge. 'After the contest, two weeks or more, I interviewed Marks, and this is the way he told his story:—' As I walked u'o to rhe stage people cheered me,and I tell you I felt pretty proud I was going to put my hands up iagainst the great Sullivan. I felt sure I could whip him, but when I f.dt in the ring and John L. stood in front of me he appeared to be a heap bigger than he looked from my seat. But the people cheered me, and I determined to astonish him right from the jump. Bo after we h&d; shaken hands I Jet him have a good one right in "the jaw. Sullivan looked at me in a surprised sort of way, and I saw that he had his heart broken. Said I to myseif, * This man has'met Ms match at last, and he knows it.'. He is afraid of me. So I gave him soma more hard knocks John L. looked at me appealingly. » * » * 'He tried to stop my blows, but he was slow and clumsy. Said I to myself, ' Marks, you're a made man. You'll whip this fellow easy, He is so slow with his paws that you can batter him all to pieces.' But I At the UNITED CLUB, BAYLEY-ST. made up my mind that I wouldn't knock him out till near the end of the third round. I didn't want to rob the people of their sport. At the end of the round I asked Sullivan how he was getting on, and he looked kind of scared, and 6aid only tolerable. In the second round I gave him several more hard ones and he continued to lo. to myself it was ridiculous to see this. man posing as the champion of the world, and determined that on the next round I'd. put an end to his absurd pretentions. JuEt about the middle of the third round, when I was getting ready to do Sullivan up, I saw another eoit of look come into his eyes. He looked like some wild animal. In the rext second he caught me usider the left jaw with his fight and lifted me up from the floor till my toes scarcely touched. Then his terrible left caught me on-the-other side of the face, and——Til have to finish the sto) y,' contin ued the senator, *fjr Marks didn't know much about the subsequent proceedings. When Sullivan had raised his man clear of the floor just as a footballer times the ball for a kick be hit poor Marks a crack :which knocked him over the ropes and down into the orchestra where two chairs and three violins we e broken, and where Marks was picked up unconscious. There is a moral to be drawn from the story which any averagely sensible man can deduct at his leisure. 