CHRIST'S HUMAN UNDER STANDING. ) <HJ- lht‘ R?':* X Gough, M.A o£ St. 1 :iul’s, Dundee. ■ Rector iie miust of the doctors.—St. LUKC 11., 4U. '‘Sitting in the midst of the doctors.” He mu.^t be careful, in considering this sole ‘ncident of our blessed Lord's Uov‘ iood, to Keep strictly within the limits of ■"-pal actually written in the Gospels C " n- Christian art, -and conu.ionlj accepted notions are not al ways quite true guides. To be~;n with Hunt Jesus should be found thus sitting 'Vs^V1'" tloc'?IS was not In itself an\\-“ lh!^?HUnUSra1’ ,ut <iuitc customary and a matter of course. Round the sacred wher”Ctf afi^Um tempIe were chambers . t'' V .C lvabblK sat fa” this purpose, ' dt( °, these tne Jewish lads, who came up to Keep the Passover, resorted, to Ik catecnised and instructed in the law and me holy scriptures. Jesus, therefore. "WENT THERE JUST AS THE OTHER BOVS -of His own age did. Nor. again, when 'tinae, are we to picture Him as acting an,l.lnU3lIal " He assumed no ex traordinary attitude as a teacher, among lho Jvtibbis,1' as soms pictures hnve re ^uescated Him; I-le behaved in no wav dmeiently from the rest—at any rate there is not. a word in St. Luke to war the assumption that He dirl so. , tsitiing in the niidst of the doctors, hear ing them, and asking them questions”--. Hi at, as ..wJip.i —gwnnri-—record' says. -“-•Hearing them;” that is. listening 1!!« the rest, respectfully and r.s a pupil, to their instructions. Nor is there anything unusual in the expression. “ASKING THEM QUESTIONS.” Adi the Jewish scholars were Invited to Interrogate their teachers as to the meaning of Scripture, or of the many and varied religious observations en joined upon them. And now, regarding this incident in Us true bearings, we shall find some great lessons deductible from it for our learn ing and for our comfort. And in the fore . front this—the relation in which this •true and real manhood of Jesus Christ stands to our own in regard to matters of the mind and intellect. What per fect sympathy with all our mental in firmities ..and intellectual perplexities, all ' our difficulties and dangers in arriving at certain knowledge and secure belief, can He feel for us, who can look back -to those years in Galilee and Jerusalem, •when His own human mind was expand ing to the apprehension of Divine Truth, and when He, a3 Boy and Man, was ■working His way, as we have to work ■ours, to. full creaturely intelligence? He knows, therefore, the many by-paths along that way of truth, the many seduc tive voices that would lead our minds -astray to the right or to the left; He is “touched with the feelings of our in firmities;” mental as well as bodily. He lias infinite patience, therefore, ‘ with doubters, whose doubts are honest, and -whose hearts are humble; onlv remember they must be that. With the doubt that does not doubt itself, which has pride Jjehind it and pride within it, Christ can have no sympathy; for of all human souls His was the most absolutely humble. “Learn of Me; I am meek and lowly in heart.” But, secondly, WE LEARN FROM OUR LORD'S TRUE BOYHOOD AND .MENTAL GROWTH in what manner and by what means all ■such growth must be attained. What a lesson, first of all, as to the necessity of study, and mental effort and earnest us® of the faculties with which God has en dowed us each! A lesson, surely, for the young. Schoolboys may learn from this Boy in the Jewish school diligence in study, earnest endeavor to acquire ali useful knowledge, the serious re=po'n«i Iiiiity of these youthful days of prepara tion for life here and hereafter. Ay and •older persons, too, may well consider -whether they really use sufficiently their Intellectual powers in the study of the things of God. This is a day of cheap knowledge, compendiums of news, litera ture light indeed and abundant; but oh how many tables does one find a theo logical book, or a treatise on some church doctrine? Opinions are hastily formed on the most serious subjects, and as hastily given, with no real or .prayerful study—these are the order of the day. Again, it is surely significant that THE BASIS OF THAT “UNDER STANDING” •was the knowledge of Holy Scripture. Dike Timothy later, “from a child He had known the Holy Scriptures.” In those quiet days at Nazareth He had learned from Mary’s lips the sacred writings, flie Pentateuch, the psalms, the pro phets; it was His knowledge and “under standing” of these that astonished the doctors; but He attained that knowledge by study as a Boy in the village home emd the village school. And it is re markable that in His temptation in the wilderness He met and conquered the Tempter altogether with “the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of- God;” that in His dying hour on the cross the .seven last words are almost entirely •quotations from the psalms. It was by liis knowledge of prophecy that He •understood, in the three years of His pub lic life, the plot ever thickening around Him, and how the will of God, which He ever sought to do and bear, is hound up with its accomplishment: “The Scripture must be fulfilled”—again and again He reiterates it; and by His knowledge of Holy Scripture it is that, after the re surrection, He can “begin at Moses and all the prophets,” and expound to the perplexed disciples the “things concern ing Himself.” THE VALUE OF THE OLD TESTA MENT SCRIPTURES. Men nowadays incline to treat lightly these Old Testament Scriptures, to cavil at the date or authorship of a psalm or a prophecy; yet from these the Son of man drew into His human mind Divine truth and the knowledge of the Divine will. “Search the Scriptures,” he said; “they are they which testify of Me.” Might we not profit by His experience and by His advice? Is it not a warning to teachers to give to instruction in the Holy Scriptures the first place in their system of education, and to parents that they send tlieir children to schools where this is done? But, again, we have in the Holy Child an example of the capacity' with which a sinless nature can assimilate Divine truth. Truly THE SECRET OF HIS WONDERFUL “UNDERSTANDING” ■■bC-. v voiy largely in the fact that while an His human nature Ho was in ah points, mental as well as bodily, even as we are, yet He was wholly “without sin.” Between that Boy and God there was tiever the smallest shadow. Never did laV His head on the pillow at night with the prick of conscience at the re membrance- of a lie told during the day, or a word of passion, or an act of dis obedience or impurity. The conscience was clear, the soul and body clean and white, and so the mind ar.cl heart lay like a- translucent mirror under the revela ^oth Between God’s will and that Boy s there was absolutely no diver s'211^- T c0me to do Thy will, O God;” it was the rule of His boyhood as of His later years. And to that opening intelli gence to which DIVINE TRUTH WAS EVER. A. CONSTANT JOY, God found endless avenues by which to reach His sinless human consciousness. Did He in later years teach His disciples what the lilies meant, the grass of the iield, or the fowls of the air? He was hut teaching1 them what He himself had learned v hen He roamed in I-Iis spotless' childhood over the hills of Nazareth God was, indeed, from infancy onwards, in all His thoughts; the verv fount of Godhead lay behind His assumed hu manity, and into the expanding- human mind poured its treasures of grace and truth. Do we, men and women, learn here the secret of our dulness in the things of God, our indifference and ■apathy about them? Is this what our blessed Lord meant when he said, “Ye must be converted, and become as’little children;” and that “things hid from the •wise and prudent” may be “revealed unto babes?” Ah! but you are inclined to say “WE ARE NOT SINLESS AS HE WAS; our consciences are seared with the memory of sins gone by; our souls Weakened and defiled with the burden and the strain of sins still present; our hearts and minds are no mirrors for the Divine revelation, or, if they ever were '°t those mirrors mo clullecl, and will re flect nothing'.” I know it. 1 know it, yet I am inclined to repeat the lines of the old liynm— “ There is a Fountain filled with blood, Drawn from Emmanuel's veins.” We are not sinless, but we may “waSti our robes and make them white in the blo^d of the l.amb.” Penitence, true and j real confession, realised forgiveness, ! these are within our reach, by God's in- j finite mercy, and it is those who live ] under this constant cleansing who will ! keep the mirror of the soul bright to re flect God’s image and Guu’s truth. Yet, finally, we must remember this, that IT IS NOT 15Y JIKRI3 I-IU.MAN IN TELLIGENCE OR HUMAN STUDY, though these be needed, that Divine knowledge is apprehended. There is another faculty, of the sou! rather than of the intellect or the mind, which we call spirituality, which is essential for understanding the. .truth.of God. Deep in the human soul of Jesus this spiritual faculty dwelt. It w.;s this that made the sights and sounds of nature, on the soft uplands and quiet valleys of Gali lee, lull of the thoughts of God. and drew His human, soul into the contemplation of that unseen world in which Hi's God head from aii eternity had lived. It was tills that made that fiist visit to Jeru salem and to the Father's house so full of burning interest and holy joy to the Child of Nazareth, and with'it there war, joined that deep reverence of spirit which ever characterises. , tile snuia ni wtiioh <3d0-is-ma'KTng'adimseli: felt and known. Indeed, that Divine gift dwells in each regenerate soul which God the ; Holy Ghost has made His temple; only j let us remember bow in one that Divine capacity becomes enlarged, and in -an otber seemingly undeveloped. Do we. then, kr.oiv WI-IAT TENDS TO DEVELOP AND WHAT TO HINDER these spiritual gifts? Indeed, I think we do. For what says the apostle?_“The" that are after the flesh do mind the tilings of the flesh, and they that arc after the Spirit the tilings of the ■ Spirit;” and again. “The carnal mind is enmity against God.’’ Ease, luxurv self-indulgent modes of life, a. mind en grossed solely with business and the cares of this transient world — these gi\ en way to, will indeed leave dormant in the soul its highest powers, will stunt its grow til and check its development. On the other hand, it is W'onderful how" the spiritual capacity of the soul may he trained by Divine grace. wh°re the flesh is subdued to the Spirit How in tuitive the knowledge of the~Divine will, how* clear the insight into deepen mystery, how sure the steps in th- path of truth (where others can hardly see their wav), which some souls attain even in this .world of uncertainty and doubt! Hut this kind goeth not out but hv prayer and fasting.” It must be so. surely; for what are His own words?—He Who knew* our life >v ho was Him sc if Roy and Man, Who flearned”—ay. “learned by the things that He suffered.” Were they not these’ —1“Blessed are the pure in heart; for they shall see God.” 