THE CZAR HE SEMI A MESSAGE ROUND. I ? fBv 'THE OWL'— IN 'THE ARROW.' Ths Czar he sent a message round .T'- all his brother kings; For Vick, he reckoned he had found Th^ inwardness of things — T.-uc inwardness of things. He «.nt' a scented billet-doux, Per post, :to German Bill,; % ^ He sent a scented billet, tob, ~ ^ , ? - - .--£ :Writ with his eagle's 'qufll— ^ _i His Russi.m.eagle's quill-. ?- ? He sent that scented billef 'to 4 Our great and gracious Queen; And then he sent his. billets two;; r To France and Spain, we wean * ? i . - fAnd lost no. time between). !v. He sent an awful; RussiaiL..scrawl, -?- To Washington and Rome;- . - And asked iis brothers one andrall . To 'tend bis peace 'at Home'— His down-your-arms 'at Home.' And then tV- Russian Czar unbent His 'back. and rung the bell,.y- ~ ,- ? v To sign a document which sent -t** Some Nihilists to— well A place we cannot tell. . ' v And as the day wa3'youngat that,./. ..S He sent-'for Blazemoff V ??????.?- The fav'rite of the Autocrat; Brave General Blazemoff— ' Peter Ivan Blazemoff; v And Blazemoff and Nick close laid Their Russian heada together; ? . And talked of strategy, and prayed For damn good fighting weather — Good hearty fighting weather. Old Blazemoff, he tallied o'er - The list of fighting forces; Compared with other folks, he swore They'd lashings of resources — Dead boilings of resources. Ho showed how things were getting rip# For hostile declarations; ? s And vowed the floor they soon might wlpa With sev'ral hostile nations — Those blithered Saxon nations. Then Blazemoff produced his rnaft Fine lines to draw, and finer, Until at last the gay old chap,.- . .. .£ Had; drawn. .three- thirds, oi . Cblna — : Hajd Riissianised poor China. Soft .smiled his Czar— most mild of meo» Who weeps at thought of slaughter^— . And strayed . thereat his peaceful pell# j More south' ard than it ougfiter ^ (The Kyhber route is shorter). And bit by bit the Russian bounds } * (Of course 'twas pencil merely) ; They drew tin til this planet — zounds! ? (Good word) was Russian nearly — ,, The earth, was Russia's nearly. The Blazemoff he winked his eyo, And -Nicholas winked-his also; And sighing said, '''Well/ by-and-bye, Wlfp' 'knows events', may fall so? OldSPeter's schemes they call so.' Meanwhile we'll shift an army here,, . _ ; And;there. we'll put another; This legion we must press, I fear Upon our German brother — Our well-beloved brother. Thit fleet must be at' quick command,. Who knows when we may need 'em;. The Jews down here are right at hanSj I guess it's time to bleed 'em — By Peter's ghost, we'll bleed 'em. Just see the censor, and proclaim That all our guns are loaded; Ask Britain, sternly, 'What's her game; . « We'll not see France Fashoded While all our guns are loaded!' v ? The Czar he finished up his work, In this emphatic fashion; A 'final mesage' to- the Turk. . ? ^ .... ' He sent in. kingly passion — '? A right-down Tartar passion. The cable carried 'cross the seas The Czar's invites to tea; And side- by side there went with thcea The Russian war cry, 'free— ' (A yes-no mix, you see). And as the cable ticked and ticked ? Its message forth, I'm thinking, That Nicholas, listened as he clicked, And he kept time with winking — Sly dog the Czar, when winking. 