Official Correspondence. 'I'iie following items of correspondence from official sources liuve been handed to us for publication by Mr. II. G. D. Fitz-Gerald M.P.:— Department of Public Works, Sydney, 30th August, 1SS)S. Dato of Ictl.er under reply loth instant, addressed to the District ]£ngineor, Muswell brook, forwarding communication from Sir. H. A. Atkins, Dunbnr Creek. , Subject:—Respecting the state of tbo road from Median's Crossing to Limestone and Malonoy's, at tho gully near Atkins', Dunbar ' Creek Post Office. Reply : Tins necessary works lit this place will shortly bo anwi.ged for. Robert Hickso.v, Under Sec. mid Com. for Roads. Departmout of Public Works, Sydney, 30th August, 181)8. Dato of le!tor under X'eply :—ltitli instant, addressed to tho District Engineer, Muswell brook. Subject: Drawing attention to tho condi tion of tho road from Gundy Road vi.i Brushy Hill to Rouchel road at tho gully near Wil kinson's. | Reply : Approval luis been given for some improvements at the place referred to to bo put in hand. I Roiiekt Hickson*. 1 Under Sue. and Com. for Roads, Department of Lands, Forest Branch, Sydney, 31st August, 1898. Sin,—With reference to your letter of the 2 (5 tli July last, enclosing' a petition from a took Owners, drovers, and others, objecting to the leasing of travelling' stock reservo No. '20-5, parish of El)is, county of Brisbane, and set ting forth reasons why samo should bo re tained (1) that the amount of prickly-pear on the reservo is comparatively small and would entail very little cost to clear same : (2) that the said reservo is the only travelling stock reserve of any size within a radius of 20 miles, and that it is absolutely necessary to retain it for the use of travelling' stock ; (.'!) that Muswellbrook has for n long time been and is still the market for storo cattle. I am directed to inform you that the question of leasing tho reservo was only undertaken after mature consideration, such action having the support and approval of tlio Stock Brunch, who asked in tho event of such a lease being granted that the right to teamsters, travelling stock, etc., to cutcp, water and graze thereon should be reserved for their use during tho tenure of lease ; this has beeu done and com gletoly answers tho statements contained in paragraphs'2 und 'I of the petition iu quef-tiou. In connection with tho statement made iu respect to the comparative small present cost of eradication, I may add that tire expense incurred since 1890 in clearing this reservo has been a continually recurring one to tho department, for inasmuch as the sum of £H0 .was expended in 1890, a further sum of £'20 being required iu 1893, and iu 1890 tho sum of Co being again expended in destroying the young growth then appearing. Tho onus of clearing any futuro growth now devolves up&u; thn lessee, and this super vision has been obtained fmder the conditions of tho existing lease without unduly interfer ing with the rights of the travelling public. in view of tho foregoing, tho Minister has decidod that tho currcucy of Mr. Iliggius's lease cannot be interfered with. 1 have, etc., William Houston, Under Secretary. Department of Public Works, Sydney, 1st Sept., 181)8. Date of letter under reply :—l!Sth July last, from Mr. James Smith, of Stoney Creek, Rouohel. Subject: Drawing attention to tho state of the road from Rouchel Storo to Stoney Crook, and asking that tho necessary repairs may be effected. Reply : The Minister lias approved of tho sum of i)13 being granted for tho improve ment of this road. Rouhiit IIickso.v, Under See. and Com. for Roads. Postal and Electric Tclesirnph Departmont, General Post Office, Sydney, 2nd September, 180S. Sin, —Referring- to your communication of the 3rd ultiir.o, intimating that you had been asked by a number of residents of Rouchel to urge the establishment of a telophono oflice at that place, I am directed to inform you that to make the desired connection it would bo necessary to orect an entirely new line from Aberdeon, a distancojof 13 miles, nt nrr esti mated cost of about £325, and it is considered that tlio amount of revenue likely to bo de rived from the proposed office would not bo sufficient to justify tlio oxpendituro of that amouflt and the annual cost of maintain# tho sorvico. The I'ostinastrr-Goneral regrets ho cannot sOe his way to ontortain tho proposal, oxcept uuder the guarantee system. The guaranieo which would bo required in this case would bo about £108 per annum for a period of fivo years with office promises freo of ront to tho Departmont. Tho amount iu question covers the wliolo of tho probable oxpendituro in connection with ii combined Post and Telepliono Oflico ut Rouchel Brook, und includes interest at '1 per cent: on tho coat of tho telepliono line, salary, luuiulouunco of line, stores, &u.;, and tho cost of mail conveyance. On tho other hund tho guarantee would bo credited with tho whole of tho rcvonuo derived from the Post and Tolophono Office. As the rovenuo of tho Rouchel Brook Post Oflico is at present estimated to bo nbout COO por annum, thoro woulp remain in tho nvont of that rato being maintained a buluuco of aboat £18 per annum to bo made up undor tho guarantee by tolo phono revenue or by tho guarantors. I have, &c..; S. H. Lamhton', Deputy Postmaster-General. The captain and four of the crow of the Sea Ghost were massacred at the Solomon Group,. The altaok w<vh quite unexpected and the native crow fought desperatoly. Tho German warship Falko is now in Sydney Harbor and will probably undertake a punitivo expedition to Solomon Islands, 