A South Sea Massacre. CAPTAIN AND SEAMEN . KILLED. . The Sea Ghost was the nnme of a 16-ton cutter which wns recently chartered tor the Island trade. Sho was in oturgc of Oapfcnin KnlphorD, and the other members of hor crow consisted of half-a-dozen .natives i-ccruitod in the Bicmarck Achipolago. 'A month or bo ago tho outter set ouh from Now Britain on a trading 6ruiso. Mr. Tindal, of Short land Island was tho ohurternr, and ho hnd llttad the vessel out with the goods for bartoring with the natives. The. outter sailed under the German tricolor, and Oaprain Kdlsborn, who hailed from tho Fatherland, had previously been chief officer in the Fohnoner Weloome. That vessel being lout, he joined the outtor. Tho Sea Gho't, on leaving her headqunrters raadn fr.r tho German Solomon islands. Those islands lie juet nff the British Solomons, and were annexed by Germany ,a fow years ago. ThP nntivps are dpperibed as a fino race, and of good physique, but traders visiting the group are warned to be on their guard against possible attnok, as they are no^od for bi'ing both cunning and trraoheroua. Whilpt allowing n friondly dis position to viBitorp, -thoy have been known to attack traders' vessels with sudden and remarkable daring, and there ia a long record of horribly atrooities against them. It wan at ono of these islands, called Bulra, that thu Sou Ghost made her first call, and she had hardly, reaohed anchorage before thuro was an attack on the crew by tho shore nativoB. The attnok wrb bo sudden that tho crow could offer no roRintanco, arid nil but two, who escaped, fell an obbv prey to tho hatchets nnd spears of th« snvnger. The particulars of the horrible atrnoity was [brought to Sydney on Saturday by the Island Rtenmor Moresby. The ptramnr oalled at Now Britain just ofter the report of tho affair was rcoeivod by tho G-orman oflloiala, and tho news omiBfd qui'o a eonsatian. It npnears that thp Sea Ghosh wan coming to an anchor for trading, and Cnptain KolHborn whb in tho rigging on thp lookout for reefs. Tho nat.ivoB, an usual, pub nff from tbn nhoro in oanoesv, but in 1i)b anxioty to keop the vgbbbI olear of tho dangerous reefs tho cnptain had riot 'noticed that thoy worn pwarming on board the outtor. Thoy nppoiired frinndly, how o»or, and wanted. to trade with copra, which 1s tho Btaplo produot; of tho group. Cnptain Kolshorn was (Ippcending from the rii^ing, when thn attack wai made. Ih was -* complete turpriso for him, and being unarmed, ho had no pnsnible olmnon of dafend ing hitriBclf. Ho foil mortally wnundnd on dco'f, tho body, bo tho story gooH, buing horribl/ burohorod. Four of tho niitivoa made a dosporatu fight, but tho odds wore considerably against them, and itbpy wero sron ovoroomo. Tho other two ?nativoB wero taken priBoners, 'but thoy by somo inenna or otlini mnnnged to oxcape. Meanwhile, tho venBel- had boon run ashore, and, ?having been looted of everything of value, she win Hubnoqueritly destroyed. . The onptnin's body had ?liocn thrown overboard, nnd tho remains of 'the four natives (orew) woro taken to tho village for a .omaniballBtiofwt. ? A report of the masmnro ban boon pant-to tho captain of the German wnrnbip Falke, now in port, and it?ps will he taknn in duo courso to Bond a punftlvo pxpedition fc- the island. Bnka, the pceno of tho ^jiaBsaoro, lien off tho norfch-oasb end of Bougainville 