' THE NOVELIST. "All's Well that Ends Well." CHAPTER XX. With a tremulous sigh Franceses raised her lips to his, but beforo ho touched them reason reasserted its mastery over Dudley, and. holdintr his cousin at arm's-length, " he reminded her of what that kiss would entail. Understand,' he said, in a voico that, against his will, quivered with emotion — if I kiss you, I many you, and I take you straight in to my aunt and proclaim our engagement.' Franceses drew back in protest. 'No, no,' she cried — 'there must bo no open engagement between us for a year at least,' ' Nonsense, If you moan to marry me, you must mo at once, and and thero shall be no secrecy about the matter,' ' Don't you lovo mo well enough to wait a little,' she pleaded. 'I am not very cortain,' he answered slowly, ' wether I lovo you or hate you. But I will maTV you at once or not at all.' 'And suppose I rcfuso you on those terras.' 'You can do as you please about that,' ho said with true Ilevclsworth obstinacy, sharply disengaging her caressing hands from his neck and Hinging her from him. Then, without anthor word or backward look, he marched away home nt a pace which precluded her from following him, unless she absolutely ran, with his hands thrust deep into his pockets, and whistling a popular tune with perfectly-assumed indifference. Franccsca stood still where he had left her in the shadow of the chestnut-trees, looking wistfully after him. A sigh broke from her lips as she saw him pass out of tho Park-gates, and half involuntarily she stretched out her hands as though to detain him lieforo following him slowly towards the house. 'How hard he is,' she murmured. "And I beginning to lose my head about him.' So absorbed was she in her own reflec tions that she started violently when, just before she reached the Green, she felt some one pluck at her sleeve. It was Joseph Welldon, pale and sullen- looking. ' I'v been on the look-out for you every where for well-nigh an hour,1 he said resentfully. ' I thought you'd most likely come by the omnibus ; but I watched the Park-gates too, and I saw you spooning with that Dudley fe'low under the trees.' 'No impertinence, if you please. Remember your place.' 'Oh, I remember well enough. My place is to be your spy and to stop letters with the Italian postmark. But Miss Betty was too quick for me. About an hour affo T was hnnin'nrr about the crate to II. A;. «; gen "I IV.: i, wi.b !. ) >. Mrs. ta". d.-:- ! > ru-; never be given up on: -..ale ( " tS< n "'except : i her. 'Alien ".V p.eit! -ii be i,m three i-.'Ui ;r'<> h.vul .v. aim one was tor Mrs. Revelsworth, and had the postmark ' Rome.' Rome. You are sure.' Certain sure. And Miss Betty she gives out the other two letters, and goes up-stairs with the ono from Rome. I'd ha' stopped her if I could, or Hnenked it from her. But what was I to do.' 'If you had been the lx>y I thought you — if you had not been a clumsy little / fool — you would have got that letter some- / how,' said Franccsca, turning upon him /with sudden rage. 'You might havo fallen down in tho hall in a fit — there are heaps of things you might have done — but you hadn't the sense. Leave now. I don't want to be seen from tho house talking to you.' Ten minutes later Franeescn stood beforo a looking-glass in Mrs. Harold Revelsworth's room, slowly taking ofl' her bonnet, while the old woman wutehedher with admiring eyes. 'Nothing will come of that Roman letter, you will see, earissima,' Mrs. Harold was saying soothingly. ' Why Bhould this man know everything that happened eight or nine years ago bccuuss 2e happens to live in Rome. Meeting (evereux is tho real danger. You know, my little one, I warned you ' ' I know — I know,' Francesca exclaimed impatiently. 'But I can't always live- penned up like u toad in a stone. I must enjoy myself — show myself, sometimes.' 'And so you have promised to marry Victor Revelsworth at tho end of a year,' the crone whispered, rubbing her skinny hands together and chuckling softly to herself. 'A year, ch — a year.' ' Yes.' ' And his brother.' ' His brother. Oh, his brother ' — and a sudden flood of colour ovcrspred Frnn- cesca's cheeks — 'his brother wants to marry me immediately.' 'Ha, ha, ha,' laughed Mrs. Harold Revelsworth. ' Don't laugh in that way,' cried Fran cesca sharply, as she began restlessly to pace up and down the room. ' Even if he is in love with me, there is nothing funny in that.' 'No, no, my dear one,' said her mother soothingly, 'Of course his lovo can bo nothing to you.' Did I say that.' 'No. But you must say it. .Surely, my darling, you would not make the mis- of caring for this thickheaded hard- mannered Englishman. You meant that he and his brother should full in lovo with you, aud you have succeeded.' ' And yet,' cried Franeescn, with a laugh that was half a sob, stretching her arms and clasping her hand behind her head — 'and yet I am not satisfied.' At this point u hurried tupping outsido the door startled both women. 'Franccsca — Franccsca,' cried Betty Mannington outside tho door, 'before you d ess for dinner, will you please como down at once to Mrs. Revelsworth's room. Sho has something very important to say to you.' CHAPTER XXI. Maroauet Uevelhwoiith was seated in her carved oak arm-chair by the bay- window, an open letter in her lap. Her face was very pale, and her heavy eyebrows were contracted in an ominous fijown. She van waiting for Francesca waiting to confront Iter with certain accusations which hod been made against her ip tis trt-tw troy IjV v ofd i> Romo — accusations which, if true, moro than justified the strange prejudice sho had from the first entertained against Harold Revelsworth's orphan daughter. Tho old lady looked a most imposing figure as she sat, with her lips tightly compressed, erect and uncompromising in her attitude, awaiting her niece's coming. Yet In licr secret heart a strango dread lay. Although she hated to own it even to herself, she felt afraid, Iler heart's action was weak, as she knew, and she had not yet recovered from the shock and strain of the previous night's experiences — of Betty's screams and fainting-fit, and her graphic description of tho coming of tho 'ghost.' Mrs. Revelsworth's will was strong and her brain clear, yet sho had with her own eyes beheld that shadowy figuro in faded yellow brocade, and tho memory of it hourly haunted her. Betty had declared that to see Mistress Penfold meant death. Were, then, she and Betty, both doomed to die shortly 1 Sho tried to shake off the gloomy and superstitious forebodings which depressed her spirits, but thu task seemed beyond her powers. Seldom had she been left so much alone as on this particular day. Betty, her constant companion for live years, seemed too ill and too much shaken to do more than lio in unwonted idleness on the sofa, and her nephews and niece were all absent from tho house until the evening. By the time that letter front her correspondent in Rome arrived, Mrs. Revelsworth was really ill, suffering from a serious breakdown of the nerves, which the startling news contained in it tended greatly to aggravate. Seated there, awaiting Franccsea's coming, in the full afternoon sunlight by thu bay-window at which she had sat daily for twenty eventful years, Margaret Revelsworth's keen eyes sought out one by one the familiar objects by which she was surrounded with a suddun sense of strange ness. The great glass chandelier with its hanging lustres, thu woolwork cushions and fender-stool, the lire- screen, elabor ately mounted and worked with bright- plumaged birds in silks now faded, the little quarrelling love-birds in their gilded cage, the saturnine parrot which detested every one but Betty, the revolving book- ease, the old-fashioned round green fan which shaded her eyes from the sunlight — all these animate and inanimate objects save the love-birds hud come with Kirs. Margaret from her old home in Manches ter, and had been constantly in her sight for half a century, growing old and faded, as she herself had done. There seemed no reason why they should not all last out together some years more. Kirs. Margaret's father had died from an accident at ninety-three ; but yet she knew, knew suddenly, ns she stared in a strained pathetic way about the room, that, so far ns she personally was concerned, the sands of life were running low. At the thought her will revolted. She g from her chair and began to paco : !. om with rapid unsteady steps. is since that girl came,' she wliis- ; putting her hand up to her throat, seemed s> constricted that her ame with d.lliculty. '.She brought t into the house with her. I remember feeling it that first night, when she lay back in her chair and looked at me slily under her eyelids. It makes me believe those Italian stories of tho evil eye. Dudley is restless and unhappy — in love with her ; his brother is fretting himself to skin and bone nbont her ; Betty has been frightened half out of her wits ; and I— well, I nm not the same woman I was before she eume. And I don't feel I ever shall be the same woman again.' -She was standing in tho middle of the room as sho murmured the words half aloud. At that moment the door opened slowly, and Franccsca, pale ns dentil Imt perfectly composed, rustled softly in, and faced her aunt with a smile which had something a little strained about it. It was the lirst time the two had met that day, ami Francesca offered her aunt her hand. But the old lady ignored it, and without a word resumed lier seat, pointing imperiously to another chair facing her at a little distance. 'This is nut a friendly meeting,' she began in a harsh voice, as Franeescn arranged her silk skirts with her usual slow grace of movement anil waited for her aunt to speak. ' 1 have heard certain things ubuut you which, if tlicy are true, will necessitate your leaving my house ut once.' ' What thing F ' If this letter is true, you have deceived me and lied to me with the utmost effrontery.' ' In what respect !' ' l'irst, then Mrs. Revelsworth rose ill her excitement, gripping the arms of tier chair—' that woman upstairs is not your mother.' Every trace of colour died out of Franeesca's face ; but her lips did not quiver, and her tones were steady us she spoke. 'Indeed. Who is she, then?' 'That is for you to say. My eorres- pondrnt states positively that your mother, the Co it, toss G'unti or Mrs. Harold Revels- wortl1, Lied at R ..me mid was bulivd thero fully twenty years ugo. lie has even seen her tomb.' Franccsca drew a deep breuth. ' Well,' she said quietly — ' what then 1' ' What then. Surely that alone would he bud enough, after the hypocritical and lying letter you wrote about your paralysed mother. Who is this woman you have induced nie to take into my house under false pretences i ' She is what I said,' answered the girl boldly — 'a poor paralysed woman, who litis been a mother to me all my life since my own mother was taken from me — a woman I havo culled 'Mother' for twenty years — u woman who has nursed ine through my childish illnesses, who saved my lift- by her devotion, and who would willingly 'lay down her life for me. It is quite true that tho shock of my father's death brought on nn attack of paralysis, and that siuco tlien J liuvc supported her. She is my nurse, tuy (Wer-mother, thu first person in the world who ever kissed and caressed me, .She lias hardly been pitied from me all my life ; and, if it is a crime that I would not desert her and let her starve, and that 1, her foster--!, tughter, introduced her into this house as the mother I liavo aiwayu considered hey, then I havo committed that ei i/no, 1 own it.' Francesca lmd risen too, and stood facing her aunt proudly, with flushed cheeks and sparkling oyes. There was Mouiethiug a little theatrical iu hoc pees and in the declamatory ring of her voice But it was none the less highly effective and in this first portion the encounter Mrs- Margaret felt herself worsted. ' All that sounds very fine and showy and foreign,' she observed sarcastically ; ' but please remember you are not an Italian pluy-aelress, but an Englisii gentle woman, and that there are no young men present to admire your tine words and fine attitudes. Yon have deceived me grossly by palming oil" a domestic servant upon mo as my brother-in-law's widow and your father's wife. And I do not intend to forgive you.' 'I do not ask your forgiveness,' said Francesca, in very quiet tones. ' I con sider myself justified.' ' Were you justified,' Mrs. Revelsworth then asked harshly, 'when at tho ago of sixteen you disgraced your dead father's name by eloping from your home with n disreputable Italian singing fellow in some strolling opi-ra-company. The acting tricks you learned when volt went about the country with him as a performing vagrant have certainly stood vim in good stead since your return to respectable society.' ' I never performed,' murmured Fran cesca faintly. ' And I was his wife.' 'His wife. And yet- a few years later I find von were driving openly nbont Rome as the mistress of a worthless young Englishman— a gambler and a rake.' That is false," cried Franeescn, Hushing crimson. ' My lirst husband was dead and I had married again. What right have you to call me up before you and drag out of the dead past all the cruel sorrows and humiliations I have endured. Whose fault was it but yours that on my father's death I had no home to go toimd barely enough money to keep body and soul "together. Whose fault but yours was it that my only friend, my only eounsellor in the whole world, lias been a poor, penniless, and ignorant old nurse who would have died to serve me. I had no home, no relatives, no money; I was beautiful, and I fell in love with and married lirst one and then another heart less villinn. You, with your sheltered life, your money, and your position, even i if you can neither uunderstand nor sym pathise—you ought to pity a girl in such a postion." But I will not submit to any more cross- examining. You have never done anything for me, not even your hare duty towards your brother-in-law's orphan child ; you have lived in ease and comfort while I was starving. By what right do you sit in judgment upon ine. You have shown tno no affection, you have disliked and insulted me ever since I entered your bouse, and you liuvo tried to set other people against me too. You can drive me and my foster-mother out into the world again to sink or swim, you can leave the portion of money which should he mine elsewhere ; but I utterly deny your right to cross-question me upon my past life, and I refuse to speak another word to you upon the subject.' Mrs. Revelsworth had resumed her seat. She was bending forward in her chair, cluthing thu arms with her long thin hands. Iler eyes were steadfastly lixed upon Franeesca's face, and she seemed to be striving to read whether truth or false hood were written there. After her neieo had finished speaking, she remained still silent for a few moments, watching her intently. 1 1 may be doing you an injustice,' slie said at last reflectively, 'but I don't think so. You are a very clever young woman, and I dare siiv you have been badly treated ; but, unless your face belies you or my instinct deceives mo, as it has never clone yet, you aro downright wicked. In any ease this house isn't large enough for both you and me. No — I nm not going to turn you and that old woman into the street at n moment's notice ! you shall never be nblo to say that. I shall write to my lawyer to-night, and to-morrow lie will eonie and arrange with me a settle ment, by which you will rccieve enough to keep you in comfort and respectability, but not iu luxury. This money will be paid to you at once you leavo it, and that you do not trouble any of the inmates of this house again on pain of forfeiting your allowance. The division of the Revels worth property next year will not eon- ecru you ; you will receive no more and no less than the annuity I shall settle upon when I alter my will. You say you refuse to answer my questions — doubtless you have your reasons for keeping silent on the suhjcot of your past career — but one thing you must at least tell me. .Since, by your own admission, you have twice been married, you have certainly no longer any right to the name of Revelsworth. What is you rial mime ?' Franccsca hesitated a moment. 4 Francesca Devereux,' she said hurriedly at last. 'I suppose it is useless to expect the truth from you, hut it might bu us well if I knew whether you are a wife or a widow V ' I am a widow.' ' For the second time ?' ' For the second time.' ' Whether that is true or false of course I have no means of knowing. Jlut, as you say this does not concern me. Please to make your arrangements to leave this house to-morrow with tho person up-stairs. You shall he provided with sufficient money for present expenses before von go, and, if you communicate your new address to Mr. Simpson, he will see that your allowance is paid to you quarterly, on the conditions that I have named. I do not think thai it will be necessary for us to meet again — at Iciist to-night. Can you Hi-range to dine in your own rooms.' I-'raiieesca stood perfectly still in front of her aunt, looking down at her. The girl's fuco was very pule and rigidly set, and an ominous light shone in her eyes. 'Then I nm dismissed, aunt Margaret,' she said in a low voice, coming a step nearer towards Mrs. Revelsworth. ' Yes.' 4 And I am to be paid a miserable pittance on condition that I never com municate with any of iny father's relatives again.' 4 Yes.' 4 And ibis . bvcapse I would not desert my old nurse, and because J have been twice unhappily married,' 4 UcciungJ you have shamefully deceived and lied to tfie, aij because I do not trust you.' (TQ HE contisulo.) 