Notes. | Another sailor was converted on Sun- j day night at the Princes-street service, j # ♦ I * | The special feature of last Sunday's services at the Hall was the evening ' after meeting.' Several hundreds of persons were present, indeed the floor space of the Hall was particularly full. We had some glowing testimonies and earnest prayers, and soon both inquiry I rooms were filled by anxious souls seek- ' ing rest. * * * WThen entering the pulpit on Sunday , night a letter was put into Mr. Taylor's j hand, from which we gladly make the 1 following extract : '1 have lately at- ; tended the Centenary Hall on Sunday evenings. You cannot think what good it has done me. Both myself and i husband have decided to serve Christ, ; and I pray we may have strength given i us to be firm against all temptations to ; leave the right path.' * * t * l After the popular Orange demonstra- j tion in the Town Hall on Sunday after- j noon, when it was estimated that 5000 i persons were present, we naturally j expected to suffer at the Hall at night. ! As a matter of fact we were full to the | doors. The only way in which we did i feel the effects of the afternoon's demon- ? stration was in the collection, which : was slightly below the average. | ♦ * I * Few things can be more heart stirring ; than the congregational singing at our ! great Sunday night services. It were ; worth a long journey to hear the j two thousand people who were present : last Sunday evening sing such hymns j as ' I heard the voice of Jesus say,' ; 'Lord, I hear of showers of blessing,' ' O what a Saviour, that He died for me,' and ' Jesu, lover of my soul.' Miss Beazley sang the well-known solo from the Messiah — ' Come unto me,' in a manner that touched many hearts ; whilst the anthems ' Ascribe unto the Lord,' and ' They shall mount up with wings j' were rendered by full choir and orchestra, with all their accustomed vigour. * * * Coming Events : — G.M.M. Christian Endeavourers' Anniversary next Sunday and Monday. Drawing-room Entertainment by Rev. J. G. Middleton, Wednesday, 20th inst. Subject: 'How to be happy though married.' Attractive musical pro gramme. Grand Concert on behalf of Medical Institute, by Mr. R. W. Craig, Wednes day, 27 th. Cantata, ' The May Flower,' on be half of Seamen's Mission, at Princes street, Thursday, 28th. Supplementary Sale of Work at Princes-street, August 2nd, 3rd, and 4th. * * # Meettng op Central Committee. — One of the differences that exists between the C.M.M. and an ordinary circuit, is that while in the latter there are four '[Quarterly Meetings ' per year, in the Mission we have twelve. At 6 p.m. on the second Monday of the month the members of the Connexional Committee in charge of this work, find themselves discussing a homely cup of tea dispensed by Mrs. Bucktrout, whilst the President leads the talk on matters ecclesiastic or otherwise. At 6.30 a service of prayer and praise paves the way for business. To-night the business paper is fairly full, and nearly two hours are spent in discussing the work and prospects of the Mission. Reports from the Super., I correspondence by the Secretary, | financial statement by the Treasurer, i and sundry matters by everybody, with a judicious hand guiding the whole, such is our order. Much anxious atten tion is given to the old debt removal scheme. That debt, alas, turns out to be larger than was anticipated. But it is faced by brave men, who are most anxious to see it swept away. Much disappointment is expressed that the Methodists of the colony, as a whole, have not responded to the Superin tendents appeal as it was hoped would have been the case. It is, however, gratifying to find that the Treasurer expresses himself as confident tnat during the quarter just ended, the Mission itself has met all current expenses. This is felt to be satisfactory, in view of the fact that all subscriptions sent in have gone to the reduction of the debt. If only our people generally would each send along a small subscription, the committee and superintendent would be relieved of an anxiety that presses very heavily upon them. . Gentle reader, hindly make a note of this S. Workers Conference. — Monday night last was the workers night out ; and well they availed themselves of their opportunity. From eighty to one hun dred were present, with the Super in charge. The whole two hours are 6pent in unconventional discussion and plan ning. Such as have got on wrong tracks in their management of open-air services and the like are shown their faults. It is refreshing to see how well ! a word of reproof or advice is taken here ! and there. These men and women are j in dead earnest ; that strikes the visitor at first sight. Discussion touching street and park services, inquiry room work, ship and boarding house visiting, how best to look after the new converts, and to welcome strangers ; these are among the subjects freely ventilated. The chairman encourages the workers to suggest improved methods of work, or to point out the weak places in our machinery. Thus the feeling is strengthened in the minds of all present, ' this is our work,' and here also we , find an explanation of the intense love for the mission that characterises its workers. To-night a specially appropri ate address is given by one of the members of the general committee on the impor tance of absolute dependence upon the in fluence of the Holy Ghost. The closing appeal of the chairman is for a whole hearted determination on the part of every worker to toil and speak and pray for an old fashioned pentecostal revival both at the Centenary Hall and at . Princes-street. Everybody feels the better for those two hours of prayer and discussion. A Praiseworthy Act. — We have lately had occasion to invite the Wes leyan Christian Endeavour Societies of the colony to help the C.M.M. in its ' Debt Removal Scheme.' So far, only about one society in twenty has responded. We are glad however, to report that the C. E. Society connected with the Mission itself has just resolved to held us in a very delightful and practical manner. By a hearty and absolutely unanimous vote our young friends have made themselves entirely responsible for the support of one of the Mission Sisters. This will cost them from £30. to £40 per year. But they accept the burden with great enthu siasm. If there be any truth in the old adage that ' Heaven helps those who help themselves,' we surely have a right to expect much practical assistance from somewhere, for certain it is that just now the Mission people are strain ing every nerve to provide the wherewithal for the carrying on of our work. We understand that the collections at the Hall last Sunday amounted to about £16. For the last month they have averaged £14 15s. For this we devoutly thank God, and feel that we may now confidently look out for the outside help that should be provoked by this exhibition of financial enthusiasm amongst our own people. 