LITERARY NOTES. (From our Special Correspondent) London, April 30, 1898. Mr. G. Bernard Shaw, egotist, dramatist, Socialist, critic, biographer, in all his para- doxical, chameleon-like quick changes, you can make up a pretty complete portrait of him from the " Plays—Pleasant and Unpleasant" (mainly the latter) that Mr. Grant Richards has just published. " Shawism" is the chief characteristic of these bewildering plays, a jumble of lofty tragedy, brilliant satire, puerile sentimentality, and unintelligible mystery. They are a new departure in drama and literature. Mr. Shaw, in a delightful preface, explains his inability to write fiction for the philistine public or dramas for the bourgeois playgoer by a parable. An ophthalmist told him his eyesight was "normal" in that he saw things accurately, a privilege enjoyed by only 10 per cent, of the population. He imme diately perceived the explanation of his want of success in fiction. "My mind's eye, like my body's, was 'normal,' it saw things diffe rently from other people's eyes, and saw them better." As "Punch" he emerged from ob scurity, for democracy needs its court jester and confessor, and calls him critic. In this capacity all that Mr. Shaw had to do was, he says, "to open my normal eyes, and with my utmost literary skill put the case exactly as I saw it, to be applauded as the most humorously extravagant paradoxer in London." This is easily understood, seeing that Mr. Shaw regards "romance as the great heresy to be swept off from art and life, as the food of modern pessimism and the bane of modern self-respect," . . . "gentility as a dishonest folly, and gallantry and chivalry as treasonable to women and stultifying to men." The prefaces—for there is one to the volume of Unpleasant Plays and one to that of the Pleasant—are brilliantly written and full of matter for contemplation. Mr. Shaw in the first gives a biography of himself, explains how he came to write plays, the reception of his "Widowers' Houses" at the Independent Theatre, when he at once " became infamous as a dramatist," diverges into a slash ing excursus on the censorship, and the impossibility an author finds of achieving an authentic representation of his piece, dwells on the necessity of printing and pub lishing plays with full descriptive directions and character sketches, and explains that the Unpleasant Plays are so labelled because their dramatic power is used to force the spectator to face unpleasant facts. In preface No. 2 he informs us how he came to write his Pleasant Plays, and incidentally gives us an entertaining treatise on the commercial limits of the theatres, the necessity for a national theatre, and the way to establish it by private enterprise, the obsolete and fundamentally wrong tradi tions of stage custom, the incapacity for serious drama of playgoers dominated by conventional romantic morality. In his new method of presenting his plays in literary form Mr. Shaw so overlays the dialogue with descriptions of the scenario, and the characters and stage directions as to gesture and tone of voice, that the reader is apt to lose the point of the conversation in the wealth of wit contained in the italicised expla nations. In some of the plays indeed the stage directions are the most amusing part, and quite explain the difficulty Mr. Shaw found in setting an adequate representa tion of his dramas. Here are a few samples taken at random:—With surging enthusiasm, with grim good humor, with soft feline politeness and stiff military car riage, the man all nerves shies like a frightened horse, grinning wearily at the sarcasm, out raged in her most cherished ideals of manhood, softly and wonderingly catching the rhythm of his weariness, exalting in her own energy, with almost lachrymose depreciation of his treatment collapsing into an abyss of wounded feeling, with lyric rapture, softly and musi cally but sadly and longingly, the eager expression vanishing utterly from his lips and nostrils as his eyes light up with pathetic spirituality, intellectually overtaxed, a cold ray of humor striking pallidly across his gloom, dithyrambically, like a castaway mariner who sees a sail on the horizon, striking in mellifluously, in a paroxsym, half of rage, half of tenderness, she shakes him, growling over him like a tigress over her cub, jarred and antagonised by the echo of the slums in her mother's voice. Mr. Shaw is, like his eyesight, paradoxi cally normal in his characters, and in the way be develops them. Most of them are a reflec tion of his own personality, few of them are what the rest of the world call anything but abnormal, the creatures of his fancy act not on their emotion but on their reason, hence to a great extent the un reality of the tout ensemble. With humanity as it exists Mr. Shaw has no sympathy. When he does draw a character of what be would call the conventional type it is a powerful portrait. His Mrs. Warren is unsurpassed, and would he but deign to allow his undeniable dramatic ability to produce a conventional play on conventional lines, a play that actors could interpret and play goers could appreciate, the result would probably be one of the best dramas on the English stage. Of his seven plays "Mrs. Warren's Profession" is the most revolting and the most vigorous. Mr. Archer characterises it as "Not only intellectually but dramati cally one of the very ablest plays of our time." Mrs. Warren is a procuress with establishments in all the great Conti nental capitals, and as in this play Mr. Shaw has gone straight to the fact that "the only way for a woman to provide for herself decently is for her to be good to some man who can afford to be good for her," the drama is not likely to have an "adequate representation'' for some time to come. Can dida is a real new woman, noble-minded, strong, and pure, the healthiest and most natural of all Mr. Shaw's creations, and the play is called by Mr. Archer "as true a poem as was ever written in prose." In "Widowers' Houses," his earliest and weakest effort, he has "shown middle- class respectability and younger son gentility fattening on the poverty of the slum as flies fatten on filth; in "The Philanderer," "the grotesque sexual compacts made between men and women under marriage laws," which "advanced individuals are forced to evade." "The Philanderer" is the most nauseous of all the plays, with characters anæmically erotic and pruriently vulgar, gross caricatures of Ibsen enthusiasts, the one con ventional character, a passionate termagant being again the most natural. "Arms and the Man" is a brilliant satire on sham romance and the character of the chocolate-cream soldier is famous, the "Man of Destiny," a bravura piece, with Napoleon as its hero, to "display the virtuosity of the two principal performers. " You Never Can Tell" is a fantastic sentimental comedy that can hardly be taken seriously. Dramatic enthu siasts who wish to be up to date should cer tainly study "Mrs. Warren's Profession,'' "Candida," and "Arms and the Man," while those who wish to enjoy brilliant satire should read both prefaces—the introduction to "The Man of Destiny" and Napoleon's lecture at the end of that play on the English nation. This is its conclusion:—"There is nothing so bad or so good that you will not find an Englishman doing it, but you will never find an Englishman in the wrong. He does every thing on principle. He fights you on patriotic principles, he robs you on business principles, be enslaves you on Imperial principles, he bullies you on manly principles, be supports his king on loyal principles, and cuts off his king's head on republican principles. His watchword is always duty, and he never for gets that the nation which lets its duty get on the opposite side to its interest is lost." Cynicism and paradox, thy name is Bernard Shaw. "The Romance of Zion Chapel" is a nice clean book that comes as a welcome con trast after Mr. LeGallienne's "Quest of the Golden Girl" and his meretricious playfulness about lingerie and bedrooms and the feminine philanderings of his heroes. This time he gives his readers a pathetic little love story handled with sympathy and delicacy. Theophflus London deny, a young Nonconformist minister, makes Zion Chapel whizz, and with a band of young friends brings the renaissance to sleepy Colchester. Theophil is engaged to 1 i Jenny Talbot, a winning little woman of t '■ 19. "a measure of porcelain and a handful of } i stars " who was being moulded by her lover, i < when the Renaissance in person, the form of t: Isabel Storage, a wonderful reciter, came to 3 ■ Ne?" Zion. AH three loved one another i tenderly, but Theophil and Isabel loved each \ j other with a great passion. Jenny discovered j! their secret by accident, and when she broken ) i hearted would yield her lover to the woman t '* born for him," ho discovered that be loved • them - both—lsabel as the heavenly love, the ' muse; Jenny as the household love, the wife. 3 Stated baldly this seems absurd, bat as told by • Mr. Gallienne, pathetically convincing. ) Theophil marries Jeany when she is .on her death-bed from consump i Cion. He is so stricken with agony 1 that he considers thoughts of Isabel as ! unfaithfulness to Jenny, but the perusal of t old letters of Isabel reawakened the "love $ that was musical as spring within his soul," f and an irresistible impulse took him to her . rooms in London only to find her out, and ■. instead the vision of Jenny sobbing near him 1 that drove him back to Zion-place wild with s remorse. But or Jenny's dying kiss, and t Jenny's consumption, Tbeopliil was to die, 1 and a fortnight before the end he sent for J Isabel. When desxh was very nigh, they had ~ one last little feast together, draak "with e their eyes firm and sweet upon each other," r wine mingled with the contents of a small e bottle of green crystal, "and the room became a heaven of silence." The fading and death -of Jenny, and the memories of her cherished bv her mother and husband, arc the subject . of wmo of the most genuinely touching chapters of fiction. What could be better than this in the opening chapter apropos of Gasometer street: —"A nice dull place, you may say, from whiici to issue invitations to a romance. Vell of course it must seem so if pretty places are readers' idea of romance. Curiously enough the preference of the Lady Romance herself is for just such dull places. These dreary, soot begrimed streets are the very streets she loves best to appear in, on a sudden, some astonished day, with a bound of silk skirts and a spring wind of attar of roses. Contrast, surprise— these arc her very souL Dull places and bright people—these she loves to brine together, and watch for laughter and tears. You are never safe from romance, and the place to seek her is never the place where sho was last found." Or this—"Sometimes when a bird sings in the stillness, when the moon rises above the trees, when a. breath of sweet violets crosses one's path one knows not whence, sometimes when the rain is sobbing at the window or the wind plaining about the doors, sometimes when an unknown happiness fills the heart, when a great deed has been done, when a lovely wcrd has been spoken, in seasons of music and in all high moments, tben one can uy, ' There, listen! tlvat was Jenny. *" I fancy a good many eyes will grow moist over this sad little story. Mixed with a good deal of moralising and platitudinising are some extremely entertain ing recollections of Suffolk country life 50 years ago, and of eminent personages in Miss Mathilda Betham Edwards's reminiscences. Miss Edwards corroborates "Joe" Arch's account of the unchristianlike behaviour of the parsons of the Church of England, and the ignorant down-trodden condition of the farm laborer. On her childish ears once fell from a neighboring pulpit the sentence " The doors of a dissenting chapel are the gates of hell," the girls curls were clipped at school, and in her village a carious custom prevailed. "The vine used for communion service was luscious Tent or Malaga, and what remained in the chalice was given to the aged poor who were present. The ceremonial had a peculiarly aristocratic character, little according with the doctrine of Christian humility. No chamberlain more exactly assigned the rank of court visitors. First knelt the rector's wife and daughters and squire'a family, nest in order came the larger or so-called gentlemen formers and their womankind ; following these the village shopkeeper and small tradesman and tradeswomen; lastly the laboring folk, generallv a pitiable group, consisting of decrepid grandsires and crones just able to hobble. No sooner had the solemn rite been ad ministered than sonorous deep drawn quaffing was heard from the lower end of the rails, the poor old men and women gratefully swallow ing the remains of the wine. It might have been better to go through this little perform ance in the vestry. Anyhow, who can doubt that sach a custom proved a snare? My nurse was returning from her own church one Sunday morning when she encountered a neighbor coming from bis. It was Sacrament Sundav. '"So, Master (laborers were called master, never mister) Smith, like me, I s'poae you have been to the table ?• " Yes," was the ruffled reply, "and I might as well have stayed at Lome. X only got one d d drop." While Miss Edwards was a governess pupil at Mimosa House, Peckham, She struck up a lifelong friendship with her cousin, Amelia B. Edwards, novelist and Egyptologist, the B in the cousins' names leading to no little contu sion. Both adopted literature, and at the age of 2O Miss Matilda Edwards published her first novel, "The White House by the Sea." Her main object in view was to have the book well put before the public This was her pay ment. "I received 25 copies of new one, two, and three volume novels. For a young writer the bargain cannot be called a bad one. My work was well printed, well bound, well advertised, and presented to die world in excellent company. The curious part of the business is this —before me lies the original edition in two handsome volumes dated 1857 beside it the lost popular edition dated 1891. Between those two dates a period of just upon 35 years, the book had contrived to keep its head above water, that is to say, had been steadily reprinted from time to time, yet from its first appeoranoe to the present day, when it is still selling, not a farthing of profit has accrued to the author." It would be interest ing to know the name of her publisher. When her father died Miss Edwards managed the Suffolk farm for a while, but relinquishing country life for literary society in London and on the Continent, where she met John Stuart Mill, C. H. Lewea, George Eliot, Mr. and Mrs. Browning, Karl Marx, Professor Mr. Bradlaugh, Louis Blanc, Wil liam Allingham, the Abbe Liszt, Ottilie von Goethe, Madame Bodichon (Barbara Leigh Smith), the foundress of Girton and die prime mover in bringing about the Married Women's Property Act. Of all of these, especially of George Eliot and the " luminosity of her eyes," of playful light-hearted George Henry Lewes, of the Abbe Liszt, who with the priestly robe adopted anything but an ascetic rigidly artistic life. Miss Edwards has many a characteristic anecdote to tell that brings their personality vividly before the reader. This is her sketch of the Abbe in Weimar :— "I had not partaken of the 12 o'clock ordinary many times when I noticed a remarkable figure at die foot of the table—* figure once seen impossible to forget. It was that of an elderly priest, tall, almost Herculean in stature, and spare to lankinesa. his long hair lumping down *ia silver slips,'bis face wearing a strange look only to be expressed by the word illumination, bis eyes of diamond-like piercingness and brilliance; but even more striking titan build and physiognomy vere the hands, moved so restlessly and con spicuously. It could not be said that these long, nervous, expressive hands were out of proportion with limbs so large; the noteworthy characteristic was the length of each little finger, the fourth indeed almost equalled in size the pointer. As he sat at table, whether manipmatmg knife and fork or chatting to his neighbors, his bands were never for a moment RtiH. It seemed as if they were restless spirits not to be coerced into paasivenesa. 'Who is that extraordinary being? I whispered to my landlady. 'Don't you recognise him? was the astonished reply. *It is Abbe Liszt.'" If only for its picture of Suffolk ways and its chanters on George Eliot and her bosom friend, Madame Bodichon, die reminisoences are well worth reading. Mr. Max Pemberton'e "Kronstadt," which has been running serially in the Windtot, is now published in book form by Messrs. Cassell & Company, and a capital story of love and adventure it is, with vivid pictures of Russian life in winter. _ Marian Best, for the sake of a little brother in Devonshire, has gone to Kronstadt, nominally as governess to the general of die fortress, really as an English spy. Paul Zassulic, the captain of one of die forts and her lover, discovers her in the act of copying a map. She is imprisoned, but released by her lover, who escapes with her in bis English yacht after a series of hair breadth escapes from die Russian fleet and exciting adventures in the islands off die coast of Finland. In London he is decoyed to the house of a Russian count to separate him from the woman who it is believed wants his secrets, but by proving that she can draw the fortifications of Kronstadt from memory she releases a prisoner and gains a husband. Altogether it is a, thoroughly dramatic and thrilling tale. Mr. Joseph Conrad's " Tales of Unrest" are eerie stories calculated to give the reader the "creeps," for most of his leading characters have killed a human being and are haunted by the dead man's ghost. The powerful decriptions of Eastern scenes and Eastern life, the wonderful atmosphere that brings brilliant pictures of shining blue sky, green islets scattered on a polished sea, thundering surf, yellow sands, and tangled green ravines, quite justifying the Spectator's prediction that Mr. Conrad might become the Kipling of the Malay archi pelago. There is a wonderful glamor sur rounding Karain, the dignified outcast Malay prince, who had always at his back a silent old retainer with a long sword to ward off the spirit of the friend the prince had slain to save the woman, he loved, and Arcat of "The Lagoon," who in his flight with her who was his other half left his brother to a cruel death at the hands of his foes. An "Outpost of Progress" describes with all the brutal force of a Kipling the dreary life of two commonplace whites on a fever-stricken station, the death of one by the pistol of his companion, and the latter's suicide in insane horror of the spectre that haunted him just before the arrival of the relieving steamer. The " Idiots" shows the influence of Guy de Maupassant, and suggests that writer's "L'Heritage," while 'The Return," closing with a banging door, is simply the converse of Ibsen's "Doll's House." Stephen Crane's volume of short stories published by Mr. Heinemann, to which "The Open Boat" gives die title, is disappointing. Many of them are evidently mere pot boilers scribbled off at odd times. There is much drinking and shooting and cursing in the Wild West, out most of the incidents arc mere trivialities, impressionist sketches in the tense, abrupt, spasmodic style of the "Bed Badge of Courage. Mr. Crane has no sense of perspec tive. Whether he is describing a baby snatch ing another's toy locomotive or a lemon from a fruit stall, a crowd congregating on a 'snowy night outside a charitable house, an auction of a sailor's goods, the elopement of an assistant at a merry-go-round with the proprietor's daughter, or battle, murder, and sudden death, be uses the same exaggerated phraseology, the same far-fetched similes, the same curtness of language. He pots the massed battalions and the sparrow alike with literary maxims. The best of what he calls "Minor Conflicts " are " The Open Boat." the experience of four men. the author himself being " the correspondent" in an open boat from the sunk steamer Com modore, and "Flanagan and His Short Fili bustering Adventure," both graphic pieces of elaborated writing. Most of the other frag ments, for they are little more, are a mixture of weak Bret Harte and inferior Kipling. Mr. Benjamin Swift's "The Destroyer " is a morbidly unpleasant story, written in his most brilliant, mordant style. The destroyer is love, but love of the kind that leads to ille gitimate children, blacLmail, and the lunatic asylum. A physical wreck, the shocking example of debauchery, marries the illegiti mate daughter of an English baronet, goes raving mad on his wedding night, is put into the asylum, escapes and wanders about Europe, is concealed by a friend, who marries his widow when he dies. However, this in tensely morbid story is worth reading for its literary style. It is amusing to coinpare the review of the Chronicle— two-thirds of a column—with tho extracts of that review published in the advertisements of the book :—" Mr. Swift (says the Chronicle) has not realised the expectation? aroused by 'Xancy Noon," and intcnsi6ed by "The Tor mentor.' This booU is thinner in themt, more obvious in intention than its pre decessors, and less distinguished in style than they." After describing the plot and saying that the two chief characters arc less impressive personalities than the author intended them to be, it continues —"Now and then, of course, Violet says a good thing, for Mr. Swift is a. clever man. but her good tilings come by an obvious effort" " There is always a pleasant flavor of originality about him (Mr. Swift) even when he is least original If all his characters are not interesting they are all real enough. There are no dolls in the story. The drama is vibrant with life all through." This is the advertisement:— "In reviowing this work die DaUir C/trmiiclc says:—'Mr. Swift is a clever man. . . . There is always a pleasant flavor of originality about him. . . . There are no dolls in the story. The drama is vibrant with b'fe all through.'" A little of Mr. Swift's brutality ot treatment would cot be ami&B; in Miss Forbes-Robertson's " Potentate," which has a tendency to be too aveet in style.^Notnithstanding, her mediaeval Italian romance is good reading. Her " Poten tate" is distinctly Machiavellian, whose whim it is to respite a convicted conspirator for a brief space, to keep him in luxury at court; to love, to live at ease, and to taste the best of life until another whim may be gratified by bis sudden execution. Opposed to the wily duke is a sentimental, quixotic hero, who to revenge tbe beheading of his father by tbe duke kills the spy who had betrayed him and falls in love with the spy's daughter. The story has in terest and a fair amount of Italian atmosphere. Mr. Harry .Famiss, despite tbe somewhat premature demise of "Lika Joko" and "The New Budget," has taken op the pen to pillory thoee who suffer from swelled heads and those movements, institutions, and branches of society that are "Fair Game," for such is tbo tide of his sixpenny monthly. He himself is largely responsible for die caricatures, and is backed up by Mr. Bernard Partridge, Mr. A. Hopkins, Mr. B. E. Minns, Mr. A. C. Cor bould, and Mr. Louis Wain. The draughts manship is capital, but tbe letterpress is mediocre. Tue opening "leaderettes with out words," cartoons on the events of the day, are die best feature of the paper. Mr. Chamberlain is the "Swelled Head' this month, and amongst those pictorially pilloried —head and hands being all that are visible from die pillory—are Clement Scott, for his article on"actresses in " Great Thoughts," one month; for his apology, 3 months; die Aus tralian larrikin and the larrikin press for in sulting Stoddort's team. Tbe present number is Parliamentary, but the army, the navy, the bar, sport, die drama, society, 'Any, will all come in for Bpecial treatment cf a somewhat acid nature, which is likely to land Mr. Fur niss in several euits for libel before long. Mr. F. Reginald Statham's "Paul Kruger and his Times" (Fisher Unwin) contains a great deal of the times and very little "Krmjer," and is as one-sidedly en] oristic as " Imperialist's" " Cecil Rhodes." Englishmen are hardly likely to agree with Mr. Statham that Oom Paul deserves "a place in tho world's estimation as distinguished as that held by the greatest and most venerated of English statesmen." 