DISTRICT HEWS. — — --- ? [From. Our Own Corresponpjints.] Kilnyana.. '? ? ' ? Mondnv. ? : Water ia a word you often hear . in these droughty .times. -Well it is fast failing in tho few tanks that are;not yet dry. Cattle too; arc going off condition bccause feed is getting scanty, nnd should there be no. rain thi^monthi young lambs will aeverely. suffer in the winter. The outlook for farmers and their sons is particularly gloomy arid what' are they to, do. Somo say-there are too many, farmers and 'twere better if young men tried to. live in the towns. Be fruiterers or cgglers or something besides farmers. .. Well perhaps there is. enough of .business people in the, towns, i I; hear- there are too mnny stores in Berrigan and directly the same can be said of Finley except the increased traffic caused by federation in a year or, two may effect a change. Federation is a puzzle. v -A state, I'. believe could govern itself better single in a, mone tary nnd developmental way ; but in:. these troublesome times when. Europe is contend ing for China nnd Africa; when' America is lighting the war-torch which may not be extinguished for a generation or until the map of the world is materially altered when in a word . the enemy may be at our gates, federation is almost a necessity. The Ger man States, auch aa Saxony or Bavaria might be better financially and aocially as they were, but, in the. union they can hold up their heads and bid defiance , to war. A man in genernris better'nihrried than single nltliough single blessedness is not to be de spised. As in individuals so it is in states, ' Union is Strength.' , . ?- The third of June will decide about Feder, ntion in our.time, as it will the fate of Reid and Lyne. Tf:Mr. Reid cannot; placate: the Labor Party, his shufiling might be termin ated. : That-, simple individual, Mr. Lyne, miglit -govern the helm of the state ship with-a protectionist flag, she. may experience glorious, sweeping trade winds even for a biennial spurt, and she may roach a haven of rest after enduring n trying ordeal in conflicting waves of ^ heterogeneous .tariffs, Victoria -lias boasted that she has had the best of the fiscal warfare, she dislikesaban doning the stock- tax, and it is questionable how'a majority may tend at :the plebiscite. Owing to these things- and perhaps for the fun of the thing, I wish there was a battle of the giants — a duel between Messrs. Reid and Lyne, and a fiscal war with Victoria before we are befogged and lost: sight of in the federal chaos which might generate even 1 in a decade a cosmical light to enlighten 1 future'framors of constitutions. - - Poor old Tom Clarke had a sorry fate, and still, like a drowning mariner, his sufferings wore short, nnd to the dead it matters little ! whether their bodies lie in slush or water or .churchyard clay.' The spirit might certainly prefer that its - material copartner in life would have a sort loE .Xtian burial ; but nt the last day I presume the bodies will rise even from the lowest depths of the ocean. The; omniscient permits calamities and tragedies, and why-, the poor victims suffer is beyond our very limited comprehen sions. Poor old Clarke was so harmless and childlike that nobody need' fear, his ghost. A lesson is taught by'this accident' not to 1 depend very. much on old shafts whose tim | hers are rotting and sand only at the top. 