Upper House Reform. Silt, — The HERALD has had two eloquent, contributors, each showing his own best way of reforming that State egg called tho Upper House, which has become so ancient as to be positively intolerable in its presunt state, and I hope you will let me try (minus the eloquence) to show the third best way to do it, for if 'second thoughts are better than the first.' is an argument for the existence of au Upper House, then third should be better still, and justifies this letter. The necessity for au Upper House is said to bo that it prevents hasty legisla tion. But has N.S.W. been threatened with many attempts at any such iconoclasm by those who are supposed to represent the wisdom of tho people '! No. I can well re member one of the oldest Members of tho Council, when ho was delivery-man for a small grocery store, and I havo taken some notice of the votes and proceedings for the past thirty years, and can only remember throe times that tho Assembly laid its ears back for a bolt in legislation, so as to get through before their masters (tho people) could clap a brake on. Throw out an anchor, or cry 'Whoa!' and on each oc casion the 'House of Fossils' was gal vanised into lightning-like velocity. If the Assembly went mad, tho Council went madder. These senile dotards, who owe their longevity to never having moved fast enough to wear themselves out, and their position to being an immovable block ade between people and property, and gen erally being cater (short) ' pillars of tho Empire,' were to be seen at two o'clock in the morning waiting — behind the Chair — for the Bill, so as to pass it before the people awakened to what they were doing. Perhaps some person may yet say that the phenomenal haste was justified on these memorable occasions, but I think nine-tenths of the electors of the colony condemn what, they know of these Acts. Tho first was the Treason Felony Act, passed to stop a wave of Fenianism from flooding the colony aud raising the 'Kiama Ghost,' when poor, crazy O'Farrell shot at the Prince. (By the way, Ransitinthepan was lucky to escape scatheless.) The only living entity sacri ficed to that Act that I know of was an old Highlander, named M'Faydon, who had taken too much ' whuskey' in Dunmoru (ou the Hunter), and, on being told that he was 'murdering the Queen's English,' said something anent the Queen and her Eng lish that a loyal and zealous ' bobby ' thought was treason, and a judicious Bench penalised in 5s. But that Act left the trail of the sectarian serpent sliming our elec tions and corrupting our politics ever since. No. 2 was sending the infamous Soudan Contingent, to strength our 'silken bonds' and the iron ones of the North African. Result : — They brought back a donkey for one sect to ride, and a goat, for the other — VERY APPROPRIATE ! The third time that either House had a sweat on was to save some gangs of embezzlers from going to felons' gaols. The colony would become bankrupt if money-lenders could no longer get reasonable (25 per., cent.) : interest on ' their hard-earned money, ' whatever growl ing unreasonable depositors got. Besides, as Mr; Perry vory sagely observed, 'The man who has .money to lend depends on the interest to pay wages' (Hansard). Then there was a grave danger, that 'agitators' might see that those institutions that took such enormous revenues might well bo de clared criminal, and, as Heury : VIII. did with the Churches, 'the State might confis cate their loot, and save, all bother about Customs, Protection, Land and Income Tax, &c.; In short, tho people might demand a complete revolution in financing and taxa tion, which would disturb law and Order. I hope, Sir, I have made it clear that, when tlio Assembly makes lmste to steal a march on the electors and do something they will not approve of when they understand it, the Council will help and hurry them on ; but, when the Assembly is forced by tlio people to pretend to pass a liberal measure, the Council is very useful to bury or emas culate it,' aud|savo a lot of fault-finding against representatives. It is a monstrous farce keeping a costly House of tho chosen of the people while an irresponsible oligarchy may nullify all their work. Tho Assembly are supposed to give every Act thoy pass not only a second thought, but a third read ing. If you, Sir — with all respect for your literary ability — amend this letter, I would rather you wroto it yourself, and possibly your readers would prefer it. I will assume you have a good plough-maker in Coraki, at least, one W'houi the majority of your farmers approve of and support, though some few agitators grumble, but. they want bis billet themselves. Well, some farmers want a five or six horse plough to break up stiff, land, and request your member — I mean plough-smith— -to make one specially for such work, which, after much heating and cooling, bending and straightening, I Hieing and painting for from 5 to 50 years, word goes forth, 'The foreman has passed the plough.' But suppose that by virtue of an Act. passed by Ilenry VIII., to enable him to get some spoil while the Plutocrats and Democrats were squabbling over their shares, it provided that some great man who ' has made money ' aud was not con victed for coining it, has to pass all that plough- smith's work before his customers can touch it, and suppose also it, may con cern tlmt fatman to ruin that smith, aud make farmers take imported ploughs from him. Then how will that plough when he passes it ? 'Hush ! I'll take off tlmt new fangled tiling thoy call gearing ; it keeps the ploughman from minding his own work ; one of my ball-and-socket wheels will be better. One of my malleable, cast-iron, two horse beams will be lighter than that clumsy thing. Tlmt coulter should lmve an equal level on both sides to run straight, and that inould-plato should be opposite the wing. My latest advices from Hingland say they are reversible in the dear old mother country, and that uine-inch wing is ridiculous — just allows a ploughman to waste time. I'll put a two-foot, one on,' and so on. Who'll own tlio plough ? Is it any wonder that our laws, after many years' incubation, are only useful to lawyers to bamboozle and rob the people by ? It is almost impossible to prove anything wrong against Ministers or members while they havo the Upper House as a scapegoat to put all their sins of omniission and commis sion on. An Upper House, whether nomi native or elective, is as much security to the State as barnacles aro to a ship — they retard progress and should be abolished, and provision made for the referendum when tho Governor disagreed with tho Assembly. — Yours, &c.;, I). GILLIES. Slit, — On tho necessity for a check on hasty legislation, Mr. P. F. Campbell and I are agreed, and tho object with both, I take it, is as to which is tho bettor method of securing an impartial yet intelligent check. With all due respect to Mr. Camp boll's well-written letter, ho has not shown how tho popular elective system is to secure a House free from party contention, or in any way intelligent. Suppose wo take the North Coast electorates during the past ten years, would any Freetrade aspirant to the Upper House stand a show of being elected? Not the least ! Each fiscal party would havo returned delegates with a mandate re gardless of intellectual ability. Again, by | choosing ail Upper House by tho same method as the Lower House, the only ad vantage is that two heads are considered better than one, and, on this plea, doubling tho number iu the representative chamber would effect the same purpose. If both Houses are to be elected on tho same basis, it is but a duplication of the people's choice, aud, therefore, cannot reach the delibera tive standard required to establish public confidence, from the fact that members of each House will belong to parties, and the majority in tho Lower House will be sup ported by the self- same party majority in the Upper House, which is equal to no check at all. The present nominative method tended to secure deliberation by unanimity, which creates class legislation, Man is but human, no matter what- office he may hold. We find an affinity of inter ests, though not identical, makes our pre sent Upper House almost unanimous. There are Protectionist and Freetrade land owners among whom direct taxation creates this affinity of interests, hence tho people's safeguard becomes a conservative, tyranni cal, and class power that refuses to place its hall-mark on any enactment likely to encroach on its own interests. We have ample proof that our most intelligent, wealthy, and up- to-date men carry the human instinct on to our public benches. We have seen Messrs. Barton, M'Laurin, Pilcher, R. E. O'Connor, and others openly declare themselves Protectionists when their position, breeding, and education should have raised these men above the dictates of selfish instincts. Of course, as Mr. Campbell says, public opinion is our surest safeguard, as it rights itself before very serious disaster occurs ; but it is just on this very point why my suggested method is preferable. The Lower House represents public opinion, and surely the chosen of tho people will recognise errors sooner than will the vast public, and by securing an Upper House almost evenly balanced class laws cannot prevail to any serious extent. Mr. Campbell will admit that unanimity in deliberation means iden tity of interests. In a general community there is, however, multitudinous interests, hence When there is unanimity the masses aro made subservient to the classes. Vir tually, we have but two parties in Parlia ment at present, as tho Labor Party is with tho Government, and will always be on either side. Yet, if an Upper House was appointed by equal numbers from tho Go vernment and Opposition, labor, demo cracy, and the fat man would be represented in the Upper House, whereas by the pro sent system the Government only have the power to nominate, and tho qualification consists of wealth, toadying at election times, or having been licked in a political contest, any of which qualifications— in tho absence of intelligence — would be ridiculed iu process by tho method I suggest. Fur ther than this, wo must suppose members of the Lower House are better judges of intelligence than are the general- public. Once tho nominative system is abolished, unanimity and class legislation; will be' de- stroyed and, whether elected by the method I suggest or by the popular-- vote, party strife will be the order in both Houses, but the majority will rule. If the Upper House were dependent on tho Lower it would only be each to his party, which' is equal to 'being dependent on tho public. But Mr. Reid said the other day his own nominees -have so altered he does not know them. This shows life membership to be an error ; had those been appointed: for a throe-years' term they would remain true to the Premier's principles. Even if we make due allowance for selfishness, wo must admit position to a certain extent elevates the mind, as witness the modified demands of tho Labor Party in Parliament compared with the radical principles compounded by tho outside masses. It must be remem bered the fiscal policy is but a bone to snarl over ; office and pay is tho object at present, and though - tho fiscal policy be comes a settled -thing, there will always remain two parties in Parliament, and I see no other way by which the public may hope to secure a semblance of even-handed jus tice. Selfishness must be met by selfish ness. I am glad to find Mr. Campbell founds his arguments on the instincts of the natural man, it being tho only reliable foothold. I notice tho Sugar Industry Defence League is offering decent prizes for an esMiiy eoiopuiuioii, nui- luiiiik 1.11 u iuoliio tion to printed form prohibits a big entry, and, apart from this, it will compel. country competitors to send essays to newspaper editors, who, no doubC will bo competitors for thoso prizes. [ This will give tho publishers an opportunity to improve by comparison, and is unfair to those not haying typewriters. Again, we are not informed how or by whom the essays aro to .bo judged, which is an over sight. I suppose tlio charge for print ing 3000 words will amount to a couple of pounds — an entry people will not feel in clined to risk. The electors of Tho Richmond and Ballina electorates are strange in their ways, to say the' least. After addresses by those Mem bers at tho several centres, a vote of confi dence was unanimously passed iu favor of both, yet no sooner are their backs turned than an agitation is started for road re pairs, bridges, and culverts, it being do ciueu, in some instances, to write m me Minister for Works on tho subject. Now, where is this 'vauutod vote of confidence?' It is twisted into what such votes usually aro — vain display, shallow and meaningless. Dairymen must have good roads, and, until the people of Coraki get. rail connection with Casino, they also want good roads, or their shipping port will bo cheated out of its legitimate trade, and what the people really want is a stirring, able, and energetic representative— not a delegate, with a man dates or commission on a matter pertaining to a special industry. Light lines of rail way are planks with botli thu Reid and Lyne parties ; still, our Member tells us there is no hope for such a line up the valley of the .Richmond. Hope absent, energy in this direction absent ! — Let the electors sink personal friendship and try one more hopeful is the advice of yours, &c.;, JAIRUS. Horse Drowned. — Mr. W. Yabsley sus tained a rather severe loss in the drowning of a heavy draught horse at the punt last week. While crossing tho ferry the animal backed the dray over tho flap of tho punt, forcing open the gates, ami precipitated himself and the vehicle into deep water. Assistance was quickly at hand, but al tnougn tne norse s neaci was Kept anovo water for some time, and he was dragged to shore still breathing, lie afterwards suc cumbed. Tho .animal' was particularly handy, and the loss is thus more keenly felt. A prize pig, which was in tho driiy in a box at the time of the accident, kept its cage aHoat till rescued. Fatal Accident. — Last Sunday, Archie, youngest son of Mr. T. G. Hewitt, Lismore, mot with his death at- Byron Bay by a fall of terrace sand, ?which covered tho body of tho unfortunate lad to such a depth that it was two hours before it was recovered. Deceased was a bright boy of 11 summers, aud his death is a very severe blow to tho family, with whom lie was an especial favorite. To tho bereaved ones we extend heartfelt sympathy, in a sorrow that can never be completely effaced while life lasts. When the aged are taken resignation is possible and comparatively easy, but who can gauge a parent's sorrow at thu loss of his Benjamin ? None but those who lmvo had similar experience. Aisoiuciin'ks Protkctiox Board. --At last week's meeting of this Board in Sydney authority was given to provide ail old darkie at Wyangaric with rations, and to provide material for completion of fence, dividing tho homo for aboriginals from the local common at Grafton. A requisition for clothing for 40ti aborigines in tho New Eng land, Grafton, and Lismore districts for the current year was approved. The census returns of the aborigines of tho Now Eng land, Grafton, and Lismore districts, taken on January 31, show a total of 1241, of whom 755 are full bloods. How Films Ouiuinatk. — In last Satur day's TELHORAi'ii, Mr. Giles, of Sydney Grammar School, writes: — ' Tho southerly wind which came up early this morning woke me by slamming tho bedroom door. Tho next few minutes were spent in thinking unkind ly of a rat whoso gymnastics promised to indefinitely postpone the renewal of sleep. These meditations wero interrupted by a sharp crack, and hurried departure of tho rat, and tho appcaranco of a light on a chest of drawers. Jumping out of bed, I found a wax match in full flauie, aud a hole already burnt iu the coverlet. 1 hope this contribution KV.tlio natural history of tho rat may be of service. Presentation to Mh. G. W. Oim.ksl'iu. — On the 10th instant. Mr. G. W. Gillespie (of Gillespie Bros., Anchor Flour Mills), was lianquetted by tho employees of tho firm, on tho occasion of his departure for England. Mr. C. J. Loewonllml (North Coast representative.) presided, and made a presentation of an illuminated address. Iu acknowledging tho gift, Mr. Gillespie paid a high compliment to tho manner iu which tho employees lmd assisted in building up tho firm. It was six years since ho had bcconio joint manager of tho Sydney estab lishment, and during that time tho business liiyd so increased that it had become one of tho largest of its kind in the colony. It was mainly through tho advice of his medical attendant that ho was taking the trip, and he hoped to return in about nine months' time fully restored to health. Tho chair man thou proposed tho healths of Mr. and Mrs. Gillespie and family, and several other toasts wero also honored. The address, which reflects great credit on the designers, Messrs. .1. Sands and Co, was signed by !)L employees. Its cover consists of Algerian onyx, richly mounted with .a shield mono gram and emblem of commerce. The inside' contains a photograph 'of the recipient, and views flf his private residence. Mr. and Mrs. Gillespie, and family loft by the R.M.S. China oil Wednesday. 