[?] . ' COMPLETE IN THIS ISSUE. JJY WALTER WOOD, Anther of "Barraok and Battlefield," "A \- Captain in tlio Fusiliers," Sen., kc. copyright. J ' -.'.'a,' . ' ' , , ..' V TTpd HE GENERAL'S f 1 ' coming down to _ . 9 inspect ns in 11 yggvJSN, day or two— n sort nsSy"? b uf surprise .visit,'! f " said thu colonel lo tho senior major. jpr "I'm: afraid wo'ro 11 e bit rusty." V " Thou lio'll polish iV 11s, up," returned tho er-ijovtaupwR senior. major, Mulling. "I hope I10 won't lOiMwif/ a mistake and jj polish us oiP, ob- Jj served tlio junior sub s' y.'\S altera, with groat // Y- I I affability, wishing to II izjr mulco himsolf agreeable j ail round. jj K&gj; Tho senior major's U Wfy sinilo.vimtshqd, and lid jj Hr"rcd linrd ur, tlio " __ junior. It was all very well for a field oflloor to — " inako a littlo joko with tho colonel, but tlmt was no rouson why tho moro "hoots" of tho battalion should venture upon one. Subalterns wore orcaturos io hoar aiid profit by what tlioir seniors liiid to say, aud to oifcr their opinions on tilings whou thoy woro uskod to do so, und not beforo. "Tho gonnral, . continued tlio sonioi' major, still with a hard look «l; tlio junior, wlio was ghuieiug round to seo liow liis littlo joko had fullou, and wiio was bocoming rathor depressed liy bis sorntiny, " is a man who will by 110 possibility tako any nonsense from anybody." Tlio major glurcd, iu expectation of some furtiior remark by tho junior: but tho miballcru bad soon a seowl 011 a comrade's lace, aud hud heard from tlio comrade's lips a subdued hiss and what sounded very much like "Shut up." IIo therefore' kept silence, und tlio major lmd to loolc for other prey. "Thoy toll 1110 ho's a lmrd man to plcaso," said tho colonel, "and a iiend to mako a battalion work. If tlmt is so, ho' 11 mako things hot for soine of 11s." \Vn might do a worso tiling," said tlio senior major, virtuously, "tlmu improve tho shining hour botweou now und tlio timo of tlio general's visit.' . Thoro'll probably bo sovoral things tlmt somo of us ought to look up, and for my part, I slmll nor, spare tho midnight oil or tlio wear and tear of my intellect." Tlio sonior major was not without an element of tho prig in him, and lin never showed it ruoro than at a timo liko this. He lenew tlmt, so l'er as ho was concerned, tlioro was not a general officer iu tlio army who was at all likely to trip him up over technicalities ; just as lie know that the professional know ledge of his brothor officers was at this pur- tieulnr stago ut a low ebb. " Tim general asks most unlikely questions about thomost unlikely things, "said tlicseuior major, as I10 prepared to go, "and it's as well to ho ablo to answer them. Now you, llowley, for instance, if ho asked you to repeat the names of tho cavalry and the infantry regiments iu their proper order, wlint, would you do ? " The junior shuddered! at tlio mere possi bility of it, and said lie did not know. "I'm certain I couldn't toll," said tlio adjutant, coming to tlio rescue nf the fallen one. "Nor I. Nor I," echoed the occupants of the unto-voom. - > " It's as simp's! as tlio alphabet," said tlio major, who did know ; " and quite necessary to bo learned, in my., opinion." Then he swaggered out. "Conceited ass!" mattered tho sonior sulmltcrn, as lto watched thu sonior , major walk to his quarters ; servo him right if lie foil with hits head 011 his spurs and lot a littlo bit of his superfluous wisdom out." "Without troubling :toi consider tho possi - hiiity of such 1111 act ho, turned to Rowloy and said, " If I woro you Mid got tlio many list und wrostlo with the cavalry and infantry in order of precedence." " Then von can reel tlioin oif lo tho senior major, and got him ono in," said tlio adjut ant, with a smilo. " If it's any uso to yon I can let you luive a work on flic sbitutnlaw relating to tlio aianv," said a pale young man -who affected a close ucquuiutauco with tho. legal military works published by authority. "Aud Loan loan you a catalogue of tlio pathological specimens at Notloy," said tlio snrgoun, "then you'll Imve the gonorul safe ou tho question of tlio human organs in uu abnormal condition." " As to strategy mid tactics," said a sub altern, who spent his days in drawing up schemes on paper, mid his nighlB in dreaming ubout them, und who \yu« tlio worst drill in tho battalion, "J. aim put you up to a tiling or two that would knock tlio stuffing out of any general you could luinio." All this was playfulness and buoyancy of spirit directed against, Rowloy, who wus tho propermidttio natural buttforit. AVIion, there fore, tho junior raso slowly und said that I10 would not do these things for tho Oommander- in-ohiof himself, inueh less tho gonoral of a district, mid walked coolly out, mon stared, ami said nothing until I10 had got half-way across tho parade. , "Rowloy's a briolq 'after all," said tho adjutant, admiringly. " Ho'il stand or fall by what lie knows, and won't open a book boforo tho gonoral comes, thut I'll warrant," suid tho sonior subaltern, rathor enviously. " And lio'll eoinu out lis well as anybody, I'll guarantee," said tho adjutant. "There's nothing liko adopting tho taction of Brer Rabbit at a timo liko this, if you'vo tho nervo to do it. Ho lay low, mid if wo' could do tho sumo aud not mix our souses and shako thorn up so that thoro'll bo no elnuico of shaking them down again within a reasonable period, wo should impress tlio gonoral 11 lot more than wo slmll when I10 comes down to seo ns." " All tlio sumo,", said tho sonior subaltern, " I shall go mid rub' things up a bit. It'll bo just ns well for soino of us." Ho cast a moaning glimoo uttlio raranining juniors, mid thoy took tho libit and wont meekly to their quarters, whoro they tried hard to learn something against timo. Tluoo days after this tho sonior major walked into tlio auto-room, looking vastly important.. "Tho gonural," ho said, "incom ing down to-morrow, and lie's going to put us through our paces. Tho battalion will full ill at nine a.m., und lioavon only knows wlion it will bo dismissed. So fur us a muster goos wo couldn't liuvo a flnor. Tlioro won't bo a single man absent from tho purudo who isn't rogimontully employed ; unu that'll go a long way to sot things right with tlio general, ovon if the drill isn't quite ail it should bo. I happen to know !" added tlio major, undlio tried to look Tory muoli as if somcono had told him. But 110 ono hud. Ho lmd hoard iu part and assumed in part. It was a glorious morning wlion the bat talion foil iu and marched to tlio Long Aero. Tho Long Aoro was a wido stretch of greens ward upon wliioh a single battalion could do .many tilings. It wus bounded on ono aide by tlio barraok-wull, and ou the sido opposite to this was the front gnrdon wall of tho vicarage. Tho colonel walkod down tlio lines and in spected tho men, and wlion ho lmd done so I10 returned to tho sonior major and said ho thought tho battalion would gladden tlio heart, of a vory fury. " Thoro'a positivoly only ono man absont," ho snid, " and that's tlmt drunkon bonstofa Wilton. But hotter lot him bo uway soaking than ho horo half-aohor and spoiling tho drill und tlio look of things." "Far better," acquiesced tlio major. "I don't know whut timo tho old fellow's oxpontod lioro," continued the onlonel, " but' at uuy rate ho'il find us prepared. Ho'il ho a littlo ustouislic'd, when ho visits, tho bar- raolts, to lourn that we've boon up und doing' for aomo time."-'" " It would be well to get the battalion to work, wouldn't itf" suggested tho senior, major.' "Then we shall' have got into trim whou the gonoral comes. Even an hour'B performance works wondors ut a timo like this, and I10 can't vory well turn up thiB side of half-past ton." And so tlio'hattnlion wont to work, and in tlio spuoo of 1111. hour it lmd shaken nil tho looseness out of itsolf, Tlio mou woro on their mottlo, nnd woro prepared to moot tlio oyo of any gonoral without fliuohing. ' Tho battalion had dono its duty nobly, and . tlio colonel know. it. Ho was. rather tired himsolf, and assuming that tlio men uiso were weary he communded them to stand easy for a while. . .The battalion thereupon foil into vnrlous ; eoay attitudes, and tnen'H eyes wandered to «1 j parts of tho Long Acre. For one tiling, thoro woro iiiuny womenfolk about, and it waa ' ploaBiint to bo able to shoot glancos ut thorn nnd' ask thein by signs what thoy thought of tho battalion 8 exhibition gonor- ally. Suddenly the eyo of tho sergennt-major beoamo transfixed by nu objcot near tlio vicarage. Ho waa an officious man was tho sdrgqnnt-major, and ho no sooner saw tho object than lio hurried up to tho adjutant and said in n low voice. " Sir, tho general's wutohing us from tho corner of tho vioarago wall." Tlio adjutant turned his head oauiiously, and from tho tail of his oye saw tho cooked hat nnd frock coat of tho groat man of tlio district. " Ho's a wonderful power of vision, sir," said tlio sorgoarit-mujor ; " ho can soo 1111 un buttoned kersoy half u tnile off. Ho's got a marvellous lioye." Tho sorgdunt-mnjor coughed. Ho inado a slip in his speech sometimes, and ulwuys know it. AVhonovor ho slipped he coughad, and porsnnded himsolf that the error lmd been so trifling u& to ho unnoticed. Tlio oougli was to cover tho retreat of tlio orror ; aud iu making it tho aorgeuiit-mujor prided himsolf on boiiig oxtrcmoly artful. "A mnrvollouH oyo," repeated the sorgcnnl- major, warily guarding his words ; " nnd ho aim seo ovory man in tlio rallies as plainly as I can soo tho foathors in his own cooked hut." " Why does ho subak round in this way?" asked tho itilj utant, "and spy 011 our notions, instead of coming in prop'or stylo and in specting 118?" Tlio scrgoHut-jnujor cleared his throat. Iloro was an opportunity not to ho missed. Tlio adjutant liud uovor soon the now gonoral, nor lmd uny other officer in tho battalion. Hp, tho Horgount-mujor, hnd soon him ; and lie, tlio sargonut-major, wus going to rub tho fuot in liberally. "Tho gonoral," said tho sergeant-major, having olonrod his throat, "is just a 'trifle liodd." IIo paused, and shot a glance at thu l'uoo of tlio adjutant to seo if ho lmd notiuod tlio slip. But the fnco of thu adjutant was wooden and impassive, and ho showed 110 sign of recognition of tho wuudoriug aspirato. Ho was a'mun who took his onjoymout solomnly. ".Just a triflu ooconlrio," wont, mi tho sor- geunt-nmjor, and having got the words out safely hnussumod a look of defiant triumph. " O110 of his greatest picusurcs is to 001110 down unoxpeutod and give a ridgimmit 11 toasting." "Oh," said the adjutant. . "Yos," proceeded tlio sergeant-major, nettled soinowliut by Lis superior's coolness ; a toasting— aud a -, hog pardon sir, I'm sure, I mount a Jioxtra good toasting." TKo shadow of a smilo flitted across tlio adjutant's visage. Tho sergeant-major saw it, and condemned himself in hontod terms, but silontly. "I've known him," proeoeded the sor- goant-inujor, ' stand against a wall'for three hours lit a timo, wutohing a battalion drill, and lie's never moved. It's a way ho 1ms, being by lmturo playful. And I'vo knoWn him stand tlioro still aud make no sign when half a doznn men lmvo fainted ill the liinka." '1'he sorgoant-nmjnr was drawing ou his imagination, but tlmt, I10 reasoned, was of smuil moiuont, since no ono iu tlio corps would bo any wiser or tlio worso for it. "Just as lie's standing now," wont on thu sergeant- major, reflect ivoly, "liavn.I scon iiiie stand— many a timo and oft ; but rather mere so." Tlioro was another ghost of a smilo on the adjutant's iiieo, but tho surgeunt-inajnrdidn't sco it. Ho was too busy witli his fancy, "It's the general's way to tho life, " said tho sorgeant-mujor. " Ho's very free in his attitudes— not ut all military, moat negliggoy, iu fact." " IIo certainly does not neglige, as yon say." said tlio adjutant. Tlio sergonnt-nmjor looked suspicious. IIo lmd not. usoduny snub word. . "Not to say Jiko a sack of coal with its buck broken," added llio. adjutant, and lie walked off towards thu colonol. '"This infernal mystery bonis me," said tho colonel, ns tlio adjutant oppruuehod him. " What's your opinion of it? " " It isn't; out of keeping with tlio character of a general," replied tho adjutant. "They're 0 privileged body," interposed tho senior major ; "thuyean do 110 wrong. Now if I lolled against a wall just as tho gonoral is lolling, I should oxpoot, tho bat talion to nay lmrd tilings. Not to put too (iuc a point upon it I should oxpoot tlioin to say tlmt I wos under tho iuiluoncu of liquor." "I don't know oimugli about tho gonoral of the district to bo nlilo to express mi opinion." suid tho coionol, "hot judging from tlio spootaolo xvliic.1i tlmt amiable old goutloman against tlio vioarugn wollpresoiits, 1 should say ho isn't in his right mind." "Tim surgoant-major says ho knows the general's littlo ways perfectly," said tlio adjutant. "Ho used to he in tho regiment of wliioh tlio gonorul wus colonol, and says .lie's ono of tlio most extraordinary men alive. According to tlio sorgoaut.-iroijor the general always does this sort of tiling with a now battalion." The colonel began to think I10 might bo judging tho general harshly. After all, a man might just as well watch (lie drill from a quiot sunny corner as go fussing about tho malts, and interfering ivitli everything and everybody. "I'll show him," snid tho colonel, "that. I10 won't oatoh my battalion sleeping. Just put it through its show x>uucs, Harwood." Tho sonior major wont and did ns lio hud boon ordered. It took hull' nn hour to put tho battalion through its show pucos, for that particular porformunco included tho manual and fil ing nail buyonob exorcises ; and by tlio timo tho ceremony ended tlio mou woro "in nn evil mood. Thoy woro'oneo more ordered to stand easy, und woro glad thut this was so, for it gavo thorn u ohurico to say what tlioy thought— and it was not fluttering— about ganaruls us a body, and this general us an individual. Whilo tlio meu rested, tlio colonel, baffled nnd iuconaod, wondered what ho should do next. Tho battalion had boon put through all it. know. It had broiled und sweated in tho sun for im liour, und yot tho general mndo 110 sign of udvuuuiug or retiring. Ho still loaned negligently ugninst tho wall, tho tip of his oookod list tilted just over ids oycE— dono, tho battalion supposed, to keop tho sun, out of thorn. How ho kept his position no ono' know ; for I10 Ibokou ovory inomont, us tho aorgoant-mnjor oxpressed it, " as if he'd shutter in a' 'onp to tho liourth." " It's tlio most oxtruordiimry uttitudo tlmt ovor mortal mnn ndoptod," said tho sonior major to tho ootninuuding offioor. " For a mun in his high position it'smoBt unsoomly." " AVhon you bocomo tho gonoral of a (lis- triot," said tho colonol, " you oun adopt any uttitudo you liko, und no ono can say anything uguinst it. That's ouo of tlio udvuntnifOH of tho position. I'vo nmdo a mistake in this wrotahed business. I Aught nevor to liavo laid myaolf out to try and pleiiHo him in this way. I fool strongly disposed to dismiss tho purudo und mako out that Inovor know lie was near. It's a horriblo und dis gusting fix." " Ho mightn't liko it if you did," snid the senior mujor. " Liko bo " Tho colonol ohoekod him solf, aud asked imploringly, " What aro we to do? How are we to got near and liuvo a ehanoe of lieuring what the wish of tho old ghoul is P" , " Why not onrry out the attaok forma tion,!' suggested the major, who hud brilliant notions at times. "Tho very thing !" exclaimed tho colonol.. ".Why didn't I think of it boforo ?" .. "You oan rnuko tho gonoral tho position to bo nttaokod," said the mujor; thou thoro'll , bo no question about bis sooing wo'ro liore. Wo shall got to the vory noso of him. Ho oan't very woll pretend not to seo us if wo storm the spot whore lio is, uud oarry it by USBHlllt." "You'vo a wondorful imagination," said tho colonol, delightedly ; " that idoa would never lmvo struck me even if I'd boon on' parade all day,!' " I in thought to lmvo rathor a fino fftnoy," snid tho major compluoontly, " but, all tho same, it'B very good of you to say whut you huvo said." "By Jovo, mul I meant it," snid tho colonol, enthusiastically, lavish of praise now that lio saw a way out of his difficulty. " You oujrlit to ho nn uotor or a writing fellow, with an imagination liko yours." Tlio colonel mount well, but tlio major happened to lmvo a rathor low opinion of tho dramntio and literary professions, and scarcely uppreoiutcd his ohiof's 'compliment. Ho would liavo preferred boing likened to a groat strategist or tnotioliui. _ Tho battalion onrried out tlio attack forma tion. It wus a fino pcrformunoo ; the men ontored into tho' spirit of ' it, and if tlioy hnd boon firing hall ammunition tho general would huvo boon blown into many fragments. As it was ho rotainod bis position. Ho wos unmoved, utidhll tlmt huppoued was that tho tip of his hat tilted a little more forward and shaded his oyos hotter, ' " Tho ouimingost old fox on narlh," said tho aorgoant- major. " Makes hoi iove not to seo ; to . bo asloop ; and all the time ho's wtttohing ub with oyos liko a lynx's: I wiiBii t unilor him for yours without; gotting to know his littlo ways. Just sco' how lio'll come to lifo when wo ohui'ga." Tho gonorul did ooine to lifo. but not quite as tlio men expooted. ,Tho iiiat volley had boon fired, ; bayonets 'wore fixed, and tho battalion' dashed fiorooly. on to capture tho position. Tlio mon rushed forward with a rousing olioor. The general heard it, and ruisod his head nfc last. 1'hon to the unuttci'nblo uinnzcmnut of tho battalion liia cooked hut tumbled to tlio ground and tho gonoral did tlio sumo. Tho olioor diod away, and tho battalion hnlted without being ordered. . Tho colonol, with a strong foreboding of ovil, redo forward, and halted a few yards itwny from tho gonoral. Tnoii tho myatery. was oxplnincd. As tho truth flushed upon him tho colonol folt a strong temptation to sliont with laughter, hut the cj-os of tlio battalion wore upon him, and disoipliua must bo maintained. '.'Tuko tlio drunkon beast to tho guard room!" I10 said, and four inon foil out and conveyed Private ' Wilton ut tho "Frog's Mnrnh " to his plaoo of retirement. "Mnroh tlio battalion back to tho pnrade and dismiss it, HhvwooiV said tlio colonel, nnd tho sonior major did so. " Wlint puzzles mo is," suid tlio colonol, as ho sat in tlio auto-ronm witli Harwood, con soling himself witli a whisky and soda, " whoro did lio got tlio lmt und coat F" "Nothing easier," answered Harwood. Ho wont aud borrowed thoin at tho regi mental theatre. Hp was just drunk ouougli to mix tilings nioely up, and make usscs of everybody." It isn't, a bad joko," said tho colonel, his eyes twinkling nnd his faoo relaxing.' " By Jovo ! How wo shall laugh about it in yours to 001110 !" "And how the general will laugli about it to-morrow !" said Harwood. "What of tlio sergeunt-inujor?" asked tlio adjutant. Tlio colonol and tlio sonior major laughed, and tho colonol Huid, " Leuvo him and Wilton to sottlo the matter between thorn, thou jus tice will bo done all round." 