KfiiK' Island, 'A MOar INrKIUCSTlNO l'liAOK AND A VALUAIII-U POBHUMHION,' , (Hv TiiK Ilifliioi' uf Tasmania.) Nn. II, (Ounllnucd frcim Heptember 'JJ ) Pnst HMnry of Ilin Ulanil.— A (uw wnrda unilur Ihla Imad 111 ly Intorost tuy loadun. Tho Frunch cxpodllloit In tho last century found Iho custom shores covered wllh ara do plinnlsj now they »rouxtliial,tlioiigli tliorunra numbers on thu Itelds Rooks, 13 miles lo Iho sutilli, 1'urtbor siiulli still 0110 conirs tu tho Pyramid and to Alhatroas Island, tho hiimes of ram sea birds, I heard that naturalists hail siigguslrd that Albulrods I-land should be 11111I0 - ruserve by our Guvcrumout lu Hi: Interfiled of urnltliology. l'M-lng closo lo It tin- oihor dny, It sooiuud to inu Unit lmturu hud taken nvcry precaution nuilnul the too frrquontviBltiuf men. It loukod an awful plHio 1 » fortrcsi fur from any ulhor laud, where alliatrnssca ma- hroud iinmnleatcd, Tliu llrat visitors to Km* Islmul of wliom no know anylhlnx, aru IJavld ffowlo and Pator Hecilt. Ituwlu was Iho constable of the Ml Mils, mid lived on llolihlns Island, anil imhl iiuriml'cil visits to King Uhwt. whore lm had pi.ei'il two natlvo women* as lilt hunters, Jlowlo waa n romarknblo man, and a 'Blue Coat Uiy.' Tho two Taamanlan women used tu hunt for him, and plant Iho skins In certain placet near Iii«ooih wbaru tho wnliir wai a proleclloii against Urea, and lluwla used to Ivavu bohlnd lilm ?torus for Ibu tvouien, and ilalnlius, in the ahnpe nf rum, If tiny bad d 111.1 particularly well, Tho ' oil- ill's ' of tli. m ivoinon woru standing In 18IUI | lliulr mimes wore Horn gin and MarU| the former bdng buried wiiu'wl-»ro on the island In 1857. Ilo*in illanpponrml at lust. Ho slnrted In a boat for King IsIiiikI with an uld man, ami wub never heard of nguln. A alurv Is behoved by sumo thi.t ho know of valuable tlilnga builod on the lsluiil, bn' no one can vouch for tbo truth of this. If nuch tlilnga weru burled thuy uro thoro still. Bishop Nixon appears cmly upun tbo scene, In 1854. In his 'Cruls 1 of the Beacon,' thuro Is a ^niphlo ficuount (*f Ills cxjioi irnc'ts on King Island just after Dm ' flrab mla' had b'en wrecked. Ono of tho pnsaongora, William Wrllflit, Buttled on tho Island nnd hccumi n hunter Ho re mi.luud suvun yours, nnd had a mito niuueil Osbornp. When Otbirnu went away in 18111 Mr Illckmo-.t j ilno I Wright, and It is tu his klailuoss thul I urn l.i.l.ljted fur all thoso .letullsuf tbo Ultml. Hu Is bick again iid tho Inland, and ono of the mist tcspcoleil of lta inhabitants. Ho remained Bloodily on tho Island from IS'll to 18U0, anil la thj linrn authority wo have fur l-« tnilltluns. In |»7I lhu'Biltlsb A1lmlr.1l' was wrecked, nnd It was then that Mncph-'rson eama to llvo lioru. He campod on thu llttlu hill mi iho notth eastorn nhore ofUmrlo Harbor, and buMiuo 11 wall-knuwn cbarsctur. ' Mao' died thoro, and his ghost Is slid to bo often encounter... 1 on windy nlgliM liy thimc, win have kept Into hours nt Cun io. The llrat Timber Company Buinu to tho south- astern cnli.f thu ljh.nl In 1811'J, thu second li id a siill moro unf.irtu nato end In 1BUII. Mr Ellckmott Bays tlmt up to lH7-i nn used to nntico a log cunoo mndu out of a troe with tbu end furled up. It was too heavy to lift, and ho novor saved It. Ono speculatea whether any Tasmantan Maok could have made It, but I fear not, nor oven an Australian. Turning to tho animals I learn that platypuses do exist, hut aro vory raro | only two spoolmens havo been soon. In 1SIJ1 tlioro were bitndlcoola at Surprise Bay, but they havo long ago dlsappoareil, nor have any livln; sppclmans of tho wombat been taken, although their honos aro found. There hava bcon no ' duvlln ' nor ' tlgora ' and no 111 ick oppo.sumt, but plo.it y of tho grey sort, and ringtails ; nt prosent kangaroos nnd wtllables are so plentiful that no ouo cures much about the onposium sk'ns. Titter cats aro numerous, and Mr illokmott men tions a curious fact 1 that It U vory rare In deed to kill a female tlgar cat as a depredator. Among the hundreds ho has destroyed he Ib suro not six wete females. There nro nn sm»U native cats. Tho last curiosity found doad on the western shore tho other diy was a turtle, belili; tho second which has been discovered. Tho largest visitor to thuae shores of Into has binn a sparm wbala ; a few weeks ago it was discovered lying 1I011I at thn mouth of Yellow Rock Illver. Naturally I visited It, and found tint It wa« wlut Ib called n 7 tun whnlo And about fiO dot long. This means that it was supposed to contain suvun tuns of oil, and weighed about 70 tons. Mr Johnston, of Cape Wlckham, extracted 60 tins of nil fr.nn Its head, ladling It out. A wooki nltorivnrils two young mi'n bojan to 'trMtoiit,' and It ia supposed thoy will make £100 a piece. Search was inndo for ambergris, but in vain ; anil! am bound in aay also that his majesty treated us well, and although ho hud beun there at least a fort night, our noses did not rebel | the homes stood by It quite quietly, ami scoraod to inln tako tho black carcaao for n rook, I learn that tho Australian 'gnn-jjan' parrots nre plentiful In the thick bush, although I hello vo they Iwvn not retolio.l the main'aiii of Tu manlu. It la tho ciiBt coast which la mill thu term Ineoijnita. For some time past ovory ono has biwn so busy with cattle that there has been no tlmo to pick up Bhclbi, and no 0110 knows whether tbo ' paper nautilus' baa been abundant. Tho boucli of 14 ratios awatta thu attontinn of anyone who could camp out Ihoro In tho spring timo for two months and regularly Inspect the shore. At that tlmu, too, tho ornitliolotfiflt woul-l rcjolco. I shw tho nest of a sea cimlu, and got within a fnw yards of a vory Una p.ilr of birds. There is ono dweller on tho Island win can call any bird or beust to him by iinllntingtholr voices, I can hnrdly linngliio a more dullgbtful holi day than ono spent in sucli company ami ia such a place. (T,i he Concluded in .Vert lint.) 