A BUCCANEER'S DIARY. (By Ernest Favenc), PART II. ITHE RKC1TAL. CONTINUED. AND THE END OP THE TREASURE1. ^ RIOR to getting the trea yTA eur-e, which had been stowed \ \^\ I eo tiiat it could be easily { 1 \y )\ handled, I had tried my bait /— by taking a cruise north and '?- ?* 1 south of the reef during a P V epell of calm weather. To £_J tds north I found a passage j ^^ through the reef leading \- west, and determined to fol^ j low -: , as my open boat j would have better weather j taaide than outside the r-sef. J I got the- treasure on board, -all the provisions I cculd muster, and started. But, before I left, I ?went down aud said good-bye to Mordrasea. I lsft him with a few good wish'es as to his eoul, ?which he did not seem to appreciate; then I stepped on board from the now nearly water-logged hulk and sailed away. The opening proving clear and easy of navigation, and the wind and tide being in my favor, I was through it and in open water again in about four tours. Before me was land, a low range rising out of the western sea. and running north and south. The conti nent of the Dutch Southland I had no doubt, and Mordrassa was a fool after all, and I turned round to laugh in the direction where I had left the wreck behind, and there was Mordrassa fol lowing me. This was outrageous! He was about a Hundred yards behind, coming on as though he was floating with the tide, and 1 managed to persuade myself that the wreck had broken up since I left, and the tide had brought him through a shorter passage than I had overlooked. But I knew in my heart that this was not so. Anyhow, it was very offensive to a man of honor to be followed up by a corpse like this. I began to hate the man worse dead than I had when living. I resolutely kept my gazs ahead, and steered for the shore, and landed on a little beach that, evening. It was pleasant to be on firm ground once more, but I had no intention of stopping where I was. I had heard too much of the Dutch Southland for that, and knew that it was only a land inhabited by savage black cannibals. No, I intended to cruise north until I had rounded the northern cape, for there must be a northern cape some where, and then make for the Dutch settlements in Java. I could speak Dutch, and as we had been preying on the Spaniards, whom they hated, they would be disposed to be friendly to me. But I must hide the treasure somewhere. 1 knew enough of Dutchmen to know that they would not stick at trifles. So, for many days, with a fair south-east wind blowing, I sailed north over a calm sea. And my dear friend Mordrassa followed me. At last I reached the cape I knew must be there, for the land turned and trended south, and before me. westward, was an open sea. I landed and filled up my barracos with fresh water, and then sailed boldly west. Six days, still with the steady trade wind, I sailed without sighting land, and then the coast rose before me again, and as I neared it I saw that it. bore a close resemblance to the land I had left. Could I still be on the northern shore cf the great Southland? and had 1 but crossed the mouth of a large and deep gulf? The next day these questions were answered for me in a most unexpected manner. Rounding the point of a cluster of islands I ran right into the middle of a fleet of Malay-proas. There was no chance of escape, for I could have been cut off easily, and there was nothing to do but surrender at discretion, and my boat and I were taken to the proa on which was the chief o£ the ileet. He turned out to be a fat, oily, old rascal, of the name of Ram Mung, and he 'could speak a little Dutch, so we were able to understand each other fairly ?well. For all that he did not seem very fond of the Dutch, and when I explained that I was not a Dutchman he seemed inclined to ''Be more friendly. I had some wine left, and although it was not according to his religion, he made no scruple of drinking it, in fact, drank all I had. Then he asked rae what I had in the little boxes, and, honesty being the best policy, when you can't heip yourself. I told him. He said I was a good man and his brother, and if I would pay him well he would take me to. the Dutch at Batavia at the end of the fishing season. This looked very well, but I began to suspect that the payment of my passage would leave me but a very small sum. But what was I to do? On the slightest pretext my throat would be cut, and I should go to feed the fishes. So I grinned assent. Then Mordrassa commenced playing up! He frightened the crews when they were at work. He appeared in all kinds of places in the most J unexpected manner, until their, superstitious feel- j ings were aroused 'and they demanded my being j put ashore. - Old Ram Mung called me into his little deck-house. 'My, brother, I fear that there is something wrong' and unholy about these treasure boxes which you have not told to ine. Why should a dead man follow you from the great reef and per sist in stopping with us here, if Allah had not pronounced a curse upon it? Now, tell me all in truth between brother and brother.' Now- 1 had to-tellthe truth, for I was sick of Mordrassa and the .villainous trickle was playing me. The facts were not as I have stated at the j commencement. True, Mordrassa quarrelled the . night of the wreck, but it ended with bis telling me that,' the first piece of dry land we sighted, _ with a tree on it tigJi enough to lisng me on, I should be hung straight away. i After utlering this threat the fool, being pot I valiant with the wine we had drank, turned to go i en deck'. Needless to say, I did not neglect such an opportunity, and before lie could utter a cry, for he was going to call to the men to put me in irons, my knife was in his back to the hilt. That is the truth, but I did not write it down before in case of somebody making trouble about it. But now, considering that after all it was only in self defence, I put down the truth. Old Ram Mung grinned, for he saw no evil in it; it was just what he would have done under the circumstances. I Then- he went on to inquire into the cause of a ! quarrel so deadly. And I told him that Mor j drassa wished for a division of the spoil on the i principle of one-third to himself, one-third to be divided amongst the officers, and the other third amongst the crew. This I maintained was un fair, and asserted that one-half should be divided between him and myself, and the other half in proportion amongst the crew. ! ' 'And,' said Ram Mung, 'you brought the whole of the treasure away with you? ' Speak truly, oh, brother!' ??I brought the whole away, I swear.' I replied. 'It was not well done. Mordrassa follows you \ to obtain his share, and that of his crew. It must be returned to him, or he may bring a storm on us that will sink my fleet.' . This was nice hearing, all for the sake of a sodden swab of a corpse! The old Malay thought for some time, then he ordered me to be confined, while he consulted with his men on the other j proas. j A day and night passed before I was called to '. him, and then he said they had determined what to do in order to get rid of the evil spirit which would assuredly bring them bad luck, if not death. This was the plan, and a pretty plan too. My rightful share of the treasure was to be kept, and j the remainder sent back in a proa to the scene of the wreck. I was to go back in the proa and point out the place, so the spirit would rest. Naturally, I foamed with rage, but it was of no j vse, back I had to go; but before the day -was out I I had matured a scheme that I thought well of. j The rascals with me had no desire to make a long I trip of it, and I determined to find a, place a good deal nearer, where I could some day return and get it. Just before I came to the north cape I had pass ed through a narrow passage between an island and the mainland. The spot was unmistakable. I would point out the southern end as the place where the ship had been wrecked, end there the treasure could await my coming. Strange to say, Mordrassa did not follow us back. Perhaps he was now satisfied. I was very glad, for he .might possibly have made himself dieagree able, insisting that was not the right place. How ever, the thing was done, and 1 eaw the boxes buried near the southernmost point of the island. Back we came, and, found that the season was nearly over, and the Beet preparing to saii. No thing had been seen of Mordratasa after we left, and the old admiral, or whatever he called him self, was beaming and friendly. No wonder, the scurvy rascal! He made out a bill against me for the whole of my chare — charged me with the cost of sending the proa back, the shares the mea lost '.n the fishery while they were away, etc. Never did I meet with a man who could make out a better bill. The Jews I had had dealings with would have blushed. Finally, when he landed me at Batavia, he gave me a few coins, because 'he loved me like a brother.' Over and over again I, would have risked my carcass by stabbing him,' but that the thought of the buried treasure on the island kept my temper down and my epirita up. There I was, .stranded in Batavia; and but that I met a seafaring man I had once sailed with, who helped me to a ship, I should have rotted there.' '? Here,' said D&nken;, 'ends the diary proper. It 'is certain, however, that the author of it went another voyage, and returned home as poor as when he started. He died, raving cf the tortures he would inflict upon Mordrassa and Rum Mung when he met them in hell.' 'Then he did not find the treasure?' 'Apparently not. Something must have hap pened to prevent him.' 'Then you think the treasure is still where he buried it the second time?' 'I do, and propose to go and look for it' , 'Do you think you can locate the place?' ?-.?-??? t /.-?'. ''Easily^ The narrow passage be speaks ©f, foe- ? tween an island and the mainland, must be the . one now called Albany Pass. The island, on the southern end of which the treasure was bunea, js Albany Island.' „ : 'And- where he met the Malay fleet? . 'Must be Cape Wessel. TUere are many groups of islands there.' „. . 'Well,' I replied, 'I am tired of gold digging without the gold, so I'll put my little pile in to it.' -So ' we went. ' ? «. * ? * * ' . . ? We both of ms could manage a boat, and, luckily, found one for. sale at Cooktown that just suited ug. We should only want a colored man to cook and give a hand if necessary. We bad to invent a story to account for our presence on Albany is- { land, for there was a station on the mainland, 311st j opposite; but -we made up a yarn about being j quasi-scientific individuals examining the struc-j ture of the Great Barrier Reef, end they soon took j little interest in ue. Over ajid over again we i.nea i until we were tired, and I was losing heart, and. still no trace of buried boxes could we find; or, sup posing those had decayed, no trace of tnear con 'That old buccaneer must have come back and got his treasure, after all,' said I to Nick, as he was delving away one afternoon. Just as I said this Nick's pick struck on something metallic. He. stooped and disinterred it. It was a rust- eaten iron clamp, that had once held a box together. Naturally, we became rather excited, and Nick worked like lite ancient namesake. Finally, we . got out enough ironwork to construct the frame of - a firmly-clamped box of email size, but no trace of the contents — nothing but what appeared like decayed ehell. We looked at each other in con sternation. Then Nick wielded his pick again. By evening we had arrived at the same result— the ironwork* of another box, but no coin or anything of value. We discussed the question over the camp fire until late. All we could make out of it was that the buccaneer had not returned, or the bGxes would have been disturbed. Suddenly Nick ex claimed, 'I have1 it. That rascally old Malay had him nicely on toast.' 'Who?' 1 asked. 'That thieving old pirate. What a flat he must have been after, all.' 'Explain.' 'Why you are as bad as he was. Of course ine Malay never sent the treasure back. He emptied the boxes and filled them up again with rubbish; but he kept the treasure, and planted it some where.' . - 'It's very likely. And his superstition was all assumed?' , ? ? ?' 'To a great extent, but I don't think altogether. ALyhow, I believe he chanced it, and stuck to the lcot.' ? 'It seems so. Anyhow, we're up a tree as far as it is concerned.' 'Think so, too. Goodnight!' We turned over, and were silent, but I could not sleep. What did the old Malay do with the treasure, and why did not the persistent ghost of Mordrassa follow them back? Of course because the treasure was not there. If the treasure remained on board the fleet, why did not the spook persist in annoying tbem? For a very good reason. Because the treasure had been concealed on Cape Wessel, or the islands about there; and if not taken away again there it was still. And probably Mordrassa's ghost as well. I was so excited by the conclusion I had worked out that I could not refrain from waking Nick and telling him. At first he was rather uncomplimentary, but when he got fully awake be consented to agree with me. Then we discussed ways and means, and it was nearly daylight before we knocked off. Thursday Island was but a day's sail, and there we couia obtain a further supply of provisions, and watch our chance for a slant of fine weather to cross the mouth of the gulf. All this came off, and we arrived safely at Cape Wessel and com menced- our search. We proceeded on different methods. I went round to all the old Malay camps and investigated. Nick persisted in shift ing camp every night, in the hope of seeing Mor drassa's ghost, and Nick succeeded. It was on one of the southernmost of the. Wessel Islands Group that I was awakened one night by some thing sobbins in the darkness surrounding our camp. I awakened Nick softly, and we both lis tened. Certainly there was a sound like sobbing going on. « We peered cautiously out into the darkness, but could see nothing. 'Make up the fire,' suggested Nick. I thought this bad advice, but acted on it, and soon a little dry drift wood made the blaze leap up and shed a bright light round. Then Nick gave a horrified gasp, and I felt rather like cryiug out too. Out of the darkness came a head, a head, and no body — a ghastly, sodden, bleached, and dead head, the hair clotted with barnacles and seaweed; the sockets, with the eyes eaten out of them; and the lips had been gnawed by fish. The head of a nightmare, to haunt one to one's dying day. And the dreadful thing gav&.Vent io a lamentable cry, and faded out of sight. 'Mordrassa!' cried Nick, and covered his eyes with his hands, as if to shut out the recollection. Needless to say, we slept no more, but watchsd until the welcome daylight broke in the east, and we regained ''a little couragel -? As the day grew ? brighter our courage grew stronger, and Nick opined that we were close to the hidden treasure, and had better start searching. We did so, and continued without success all day. In the evening we went down to the beach' for a- sWim, but we had hardly been in ten minutes before Nick swore that .he saw Mordrassa's head floating and toss ing on the waves, and we. bolted ashore. 'New Nick,' I said, when we had dressed, 'thia sort ofi thing must net go on. We're evidently on the right track, and we must not submit to1 be bullied out of the thing by an old drowned ghost.' . 'No, we mustn't,' agreed Donken. 'We must treait thia epook with iiie contempt he deserves. Who is he? An antiquated ghost, w-ho has had fr?« day, and we'll tell him so if he turns up again to-night.' We «hook bands on this, and went back to camp. Tie colored man, who slept like the seven sleepers, had hoird nothing the night before, a- lie was not frightened; but whetiher or no, he couldn't run away, it. tie wanted to. I lay awake, listening Ao the lapping, of ttie wavelets and the sighing of the wind, when I. heard the sobbing again. 'Here comes that oia fraud, Nick,' I said aloud. 'I hear. Mm,' he replied, 'and I'll throw some thing at hie ugly head if he shows it again.' This reply reassured me float 'Nick was keeping hie heart up. Presently the sobbing came nearer, and pnee again the frightful head came into the circle of light. ' Clear out,' cried Nick, jumping up, ' or I'll blow a Government road through you.' The thing never moved. ? . Dick fired. The calored ma^ leaped to his feet, in alarm. The face was still there, but now it burned with a blue phosporesceat light, and moved away, instead of disappearing like it did the night before. 'Come on,' cried Nick, 'we must follow it; it may lead us to the place.' At this the Manila man set up a lugubrious howl of fright, bui, without re garding him, we followed the light Ot the head. Not.fer, not above 100 yards or SCs and then it D3 gan .to grow dim, and die out. Nick and I both* rushed forward, and, as it disappeared, marked the spot with whatever sticks and stones we could find handy in the dark. '?'Thank you, old man!' I cried, and we returnea to camp to find the Manila man, groaning horribly, with; his head in the blankets. Next morning, bright and early; we were afoot, and commencing operations at the marked spot. An hour's digging brought us to same bcaes, but so decayed that we could not tell what they belonged to, but we presumed they had once been a man's. Next came a Malay kr's, large and ornamented, but it would require cleaning thoroughly before one could say much about it. Besides the kris were some ornaments, buckles, and other nibbdsh. '?? 'Seems as if somebody had been buried her© with his clothes on,' eaid Nick. And then somebody laughed. 'W«s that you?' we asked together; but it was neither of us, nor was it the Menila man, for we could hsar him mov ing about the camp. We agreed that it was a 'jackass,' although we knew very well it was not. So we dug on, and at last came to a few coins, not much, nor representing a very gaudy 'treasure.' We dug about there for nearly a mcuth, and found a silver crucifix or two, a few rings and chains j and other things; and now. and again we heard that laugh. At last, when we had opened up a fair-eizad agricultural paiteh, we knocked off, and started cleaning our 'treasure.' It did not total anything worth speaking of. The coins were all silver, so were the images and crucifixes. The rings were gold, with a few stones in them. Ttie only ?thing of value was the Malay kris, which had some fairly valuable jewels set in its hilt. Altogether, when we deducted the coet of everything — the Manila man's wages, and the trouble end danger wa bad undergone — we had made about £100 apiece, after paying for everything. No wonder that old ghost laughed! But the strangest thing of all is that when the kris was cleaned end polished we found Arabic characters engraved on the blade. The Manila man deciphered them thus: 'Thfe is the weapon of Ram Mung.' * * * ? 4f anyone wants to go treasure-seeking there is a chance fcr them on South Wessel Island: they can't mistake the place. Nick and I solved the affair after this fashion : Ram Mucg returned' for what he -ia-i buried, and took the crew of his proa ashore to dig it up, and carry it on board. When they had got it, tha crew knocked eld Ram Mv/ng on the head, and tumbled him into the hole, all standing. Then they departed, and Mcrdrassa frightened seven bells out of- them, and they all cams to grief. Now, Mor drassa is amusing himsslf at the expense of any one who comes looking for the treasure. He's just the sort of ghost to, play a mean trick of that sort. ' ?'' (The End.) The trumpet on which the trumpet-major sounded the first order to charge the enemy at Balaclava will be offered for sale by auction at an auction room in the West End shortly. 