Like everywhere else throughout the colony, the great interest in the forth coming general elections seems to be centred in the King Division. Various nre the opinions expressed ns to tho final issue of the contest there, but until tho actual numbers go up on Wednes day night it will be difficult to say what way it is going, or which of the two great politicians is to be tho chosen one for the King. Electors generally utter their opinions with the wish father to their thoughts, for while we find ninety out of every hundred say ' Barton will come out victorious,' no doubt the ninety wish sincerely that such will be the case the fact must not be lost sight of that the weathercock ' Wriggler' is a real genius in the art of gulling the public, nnd from his speeches nothing is more palpable just now. He first boasts regarding his retrenchments during his tenure of office that he has saved £300,000 per annum through his pruning in the civil service branches, and that if he bo returned to power he will make further retrenchments among them representing some £50,000 more, and later on at another of his election eering speeches he throws out a sop of increased salaries to the civil servants But the country and civil servants after four year's experience of the Premier's pledges and actions will tako them for what they arc worth. Right well they know that if Reid returns to power, to help him keep his hold on the Treasury Benches he must conciliate the Labour Party, and the Governmental employees should be aware that so long as these 80- called friends of labour have a voice in tho administration of the colony, so long will that voice bo raised against them, even supposing the Premier were sincere in his promises. His coquetting, too, with the Licensed Victuallers in the King Division on the one hand, and with tho Local Option League and Teetotalers on the other, is also very much in evidence just now, and brands him as a shuffler of the deepest dye. What ho wants is to securp, if possible, tho V support .of' these two powerful organisations in his own Division, . but when all is over it may be found that ;he has fallen between the two stools, for when tho 27th is passed whether lie gets their support or not, if he be re turned to power, they will find him the same old shuffling George. ? As a federalist it is hardly necessary to say anything. There arc few, if any, who really believe that ho is sincere in this. His bosom friend, Want, is well known ns an anti-federalist, but has the manliness to declare him himself as such ; if the truth could only bo known, as a real enemy to Federation Reid is more to be dreaded than he. In contrast to these two, what is more sincesc, more manly, more patriotic than Mr; Barton's utterances. His speeches, for sincerity, carry conviction with them even to his enemies the anti- federalists. His pledges given in the past are among his most sacred promises and his patriot ism in the cause of Federation is un questioned. Tho worst thing that his opponents can say against him is that to gain this he might overlook tho claims of his own colony. They forget that Mr. Barton is a native born, and although he is an Australian first, tho claims of his own colony can safely bo left with him to see that they suffer no injustice in the deal. Regarding the ? Civil Servants and tho hotel licensees what does he say? Speaking of the former, he Bays that these have been subject to great injustice in tho past, and as for the latter lie advocates com pensation in event of losing their licenses. Thero are fow, if we except the Labor Part}', but who will endorse his opinion on the first, and few, if we omit the rabid teetotallers, but who will admit tho justico of the latter. Return ing, however, to tho contest in the King Division on Wednesday next, tho array against tho real federal leader, Mr. Bar ton, is unquestionably a strong and motley combination. First thoro will bo tho ' Calico Jimmies,' the impovtors and their satellites (a potent factor, too, in that constituency), tho labor party followers, tho anti-federalists (free traders aud protectionists), tho tee totallers, the New South Wales Alliance (formerly the Local Option) League, and those gulled by tho Promior's promises among tho civil servants and publicans. To meet this, Mr. Barton has tho true Federalists and those others who distrust tho Reid-Wantito pledges. Thoro are so many, however, in tho latter two that will make tho strugglo a closo and a bitter one, and whatevor sido wins the majority will be littlo to boast of, Tho fact that Mr. Barton docided to meet tlio blatant adipose boastor in his own constituency lias sent a thrill of admiration throughout tho whole colony, ancHt is earnestly to , bo hopod thfitlth'o same will.' bb duly; recog nised by tho electors, of ilio King Division on the 27th. As uutny of our renders are awnre tho pecond day of our show ..Wis upon o'eetion da*;' Owing to tho hurried manner in which Pniliameiit wns. prorogued, nnd tho declara tion of the writs, _non(j knew until the last moment the d.ito livd.iJor same, Immcdi ately the news wns received here the Secre tary of the show wired down to tho Depart ment to endeavour to have a polling place gazetted in this town for the convenience of electors from the Mui rumbidgee who would be down nt the show, so that the visitoia would be able to recoid their votes nccording to the G9.K Section of the Parliamentary nnd Electorates and Eh ctcirnl Act, but unfortun ately matters were too far ndvanced by that time, ns ' tho: nnmes of the places for the Murrum.bidg'e had nlrendy been gazetted. We Bubsfqui'iitly lenrnt tlmt ' Wriggler George ' kcptri'.the dnte of eleetion up his sleeve' tiir the' very last, and few Knew, till the morning of the day of prorogation when it was to take, place. Parliament was'pro rogued on JJridfiy, tho 8th instant, and writs were issdbd on. Suturdny, the ,9th. Had it been definitely known a few days enrlier when the general election was to be held, in our opinion, under the Section above mentioned wo would have stood a good chance of having a polling booth in this town for the Murrumbidgce electors, for we think that we could have satisfied the Government or the Executive that it would be a great convenience to a large number of electors. The provision in the Section re ferred to is as follows : — ' Provided further that the Goveruor in any case in which he shall be satisfied that the convenience of a large number of electors of any district would be furthered by appointing a polling place or polling places outside such district, he may by notice as aforesaid appoint any such polling place or polling places,' Dentistry.— Mr. W. W. Harkins, Den tist, of Berrigan, will visit Jerilderie on Monday next, 25th inst., and may be con sulted nt the Albion Hotel. In reference to the throwing open of the Wunnamurra lnnd for settlement, Mr. Hayes received a communication from the Depart ment on Stb inst. as follows : — ' Sir, — Re- ferring to the Jerilderie (Wunnamurra) exchange, I have the honor to inform you that on enquiry fiom the solicitors of the estate, Messrs. Johnson, Minter, Simpson & Co., it has been ascertaiued that probate wa3 granted on the lGth June, and the matter is now with the Stamp Commissioner to assess tho amount of stamp duty. The solicitors further state that they are expediting the case as mush as possible. — I have the honor, &c.;, W. Houston, Under Secretary.' The Biograph which opens in Hardie's Hall on Show nights is a perfect improve ment on the Cinematographe showing the living pictures, beautifully clear and steady, all lite size, and in natural colours, in con junction with the concert microphone, mak ing the exhibition the most startling and interesting ever introduced to the public of Jerilderie. Excellent busines-s id assured to the directors, Messrs. St. Hill & Moodie. Colles v. Minister for Lands.— With reference to the appeal, in which the J udicial Committee of the Privy Council has reserved judgment, thj facts are that on January 23, 1896, Harold E. I'olless applied under the Crown Land Lands Acts fur n conditional lease of 1920 acres of land in the district of Narrabri. On January 13, 189G, Joseph Manass.ih Gordon applied under tho same Acts for the same land as part of a settlement lease of 2413 acres of Crown lands. On May 21, 1S9G, the application came before/the local land board of Pillaga, and Gordon's ap plication was granted, Coiless's being refused. Co I less thereupon appealed to the Land Ap peal C^urt, and the Court sustained the appeal, and directed the local laud board to disallow Gordon's application and allow that of Colle.ss. At the instance of the Minister for Lands a special case was then stated for the opinion of . the Full Court, which tribunal on June 13 last year decided in favor of the conteuteuliou of the Minister for Lands, Collesj then appealed to the Privy Council. Considering- the severe disadvantages of season, tliuMfatrics for the jbomiug show are freely-oomihg in. In, some of the classes the entries nre already more numerous than last year, especially in tho sheep sections, and more particularly in the selectors' Classes, which at one time it was thought would fall through. There is no: question but that the increase in entries tbis yen r is due to the Government Special Prize for farm products, although the number so far who have entered for it are few. The entries in the machinery Section will be larger than- last year. At the last' Committee meeting it wns unani mously resolved to extend the date of clos ing of entries till . Mouday, 2 -th inst., at noon, without enforcing the fine. Ouit civic family still continue in n brawl ing mood between themselves. Tlie head or rooster, sharply reprimanded ono of his chickens about something, the other night, when the latter retorted, that they, were a lot of ?' co'-ktails,' sa^ini: one thing at one time and another later on. — Result— Evens. - : The nomination of . candidates ; for the Murray electorate closed at G p.m. on Saturday last. On inquiry early in the day we lt-arnt that there 'were, three nominations, which news was promptly wired to Finley to Mr. Hayes. This probably mado that gentleman and his Finley friends speculate as to who the other two were who had the temerity to beard him in his stronghold. ' On the close of the nominations, we receive 1 the information that the three nominations were all for the one.' -man, which, of course, damped our expectations very considerably, for although it wns generally. recognised that no one else had a ghost of a show, yet. the fnctwasthattho fun would be fast and furii us around us in other electorates on, the 27th wh^n with us all will be quiet. However,' 8erioiifly speaking, , it was .' only a fitting reeiimp.inse to our member to return him in this way for all that lie has done for his con stituency. That he appreciates it was evidenced here on Tuesday last on his arrival. After thanking the electors here that niulit he went on to th s other cen' res advertised rather than brink faith with them, although there was not one of them who would riot have excused ; him had tie gone down to his home when the.y heard that Mrs. Hayes wns' seriously ill at the time. Mr. Hayes will reach Sydney on Monday, but purposes comine back to the electorate at the time'of the Urann show. - Selkctino a Special Area.— A short time since, the Gunnedah Lnnd Board con firmed Patrick Buckley's application for a special area of 640 acres as n conlitionnl lease. The Minister appealed to the Land Court on the ground thata special aren was not open for selection as a conditional lease. The matter recently came b -fore the Land Court, and aftur he.aring argument, the Minister withdrew his appeal, p'rc;-iving he had no case. This will probably b ! int'rest ing to many selectors, as it has ben held that special areas were open to conditional purchase, but riot to conditional lease. We are in recuipt of a[ communication from Jack Ilaynes calling upon nil the electors in the colony to yoto ngainst. the followers of Barton, whether tliev he Free traders or Protectionists. :Hnynes' political influence has sunk to the infinitosinial. and it is to be hoped that tho Wellington electors will pitch him neck and crop to the d ? 1 on tho 27th. Punctuality at. noon on. Monday Inst the Returning Officer for the electorate emerged from his office, in Powell-street, -and in a stentorian voice road out tlio nominations (:hree) roe.'ivel for candidates. The first, from Corowa, signed by some twenty electors! the second, trom Dnysdale, signed by six ; and tho third from Jerildcrie, signed bv ten. AH three nominated the one man, Mr. James Hayes. The returning : Officer solemnly announced to his nudicrce of ono man, one boy, nnd a '.valler dorg.' tlmt .;nnother nomination hail :heen. received nt 8 p.m.;on Saturday, but being, two hours late lie had to reject it. This nomination, came ; from Looklmrt, but as it alsji. wa«j:: for. tho, snmo partv it mattered not. TTe therefore declared Mr. James Hiives duly elented as tlie.repre sentalivo of tho Mtrray f--r three years, or until next dissolution, of .wlpcli due notice will bo givQii, V , AFTER twonUht's heavy frost during the present week we hud n welcome change on Wednesday night, when a few light showers fell. Thursday was clouded all day with a north-westerly wind blowing. Dining the day some heavy showers fell, but towards the evening the wind changed to the wi at and it ngnin looks as if we were not quite done with the drought yet. When going to pr«s it wns raining heavily. So far the entries received for the Government Special Prize here nt the show has been disappointing, there being only nine up to the pves nt. The marks for collection was discussed af. the last Com mittee meeting held here, and it wns gener ally ngreed that they be left to Mr. Thomp son -to -fix the maximum for each product. There is no .doubt but that he will give n promin nee to the Agricultural industry, more. marks being nvvnrded for wheat, other grain, chnff, liny, nnd 'dairy products over the/ pastoral. Entries will be received for the collection- up to noon on Monday next. Exhibitors in this class will have colored tickets, nnd they will bo requested to see that the same are placed on every article that they have entered for same, so that the judge may award each points when examin ing for this prize. A special steward will nttend with Mr. Thompson, who will hnve n corresponding list of ench person's entries for the collection in his book, which will be initialed by the judge nfter the points are awarded, .We might draw the attention of vehicle exhibitors to the fact that thu judging of this section will take place on Wednesday morning. All vehicles must be on the ground not later than 11 o'clock same morning. Presbyterian Church. — Public wor ship will (D.V.) be held in the Hall, Wilson, on Sabbath nixt nt noon, nnd in the Church, Jerilderie, at 7.30 p.m. On next Sundu/ week, the 31st inst., at Nowranie Home Station at 10.30 a.m., and in the Church. Jerildcrie, at 7.30 p.m. A BREAK occurred in the bridge crossing the creek near the Cape which temporarily stopped the traffic across it for a day or so. This was laid before Mr. Hayes as a further argument why the Bolton-street bridge should be proceeded with without further delay. Mr. Hayes said he had already repre sented matters to the Works Department. The Secretary of the Show deBires us to intimate to the judges and stewards that if they call at his office on Tuesday and Wed nesday morning next they will obtain cab tickets to take them to tha Show ground. Those ladies and gentlemen who are engaged ns such will, as usual, be admitted free through the gates. Mr. L. E. Lawford, School Inspector, examined the public scho.il here Inst Friday. The children, notwithstanding the fact that it was just after the midwinter vacation acquitted themselves creditably. Six out of the seven who went up for the certificate of competency passed. The seventh passed in all subjects save writing, and failing to gain the necessiry marks in that subject, wns plucked. Later on in|the week Mr. Lawford, accompanied by the members of the local School Board, went out to inspect the new school building at Ma;rjimmy. The build ing is about completed now, nnd will be handed over to the Department about the end of the month. Mr. Lawford. at there quest of some of the parents out nt Mnir jimmy, has decided to send a lady teacher down some time in August to open the school. He was also approachcd on the subject thnt in the event of n post office being npplied for, would his Department object to the school mistress appointed to the elinrge, providing the office wns at the school. Mr. Lawford said that as far as his Depaitment wns concerned there would be no objection to the teacher being appointed post mistress, or of the post office being at the school, but thnt was for the Postmaster General to decide. We regret to hear that Mr. Owen Leitch field, of Cooma, one of the judges appointed in the sheep sections at the Jerilderie Show lias been suffering with a severe attacK of influenza since his return from the Sydney sheep sales, and as nia'ters now stand Jt is doubtful if this gentleman will be able to i undertake the journey down here. To reach i this town in time it will be necessary to start from Cooma to- morrow (Saturday). A meeting of the committee of the River ina P. and A. Society was held on Saturday last. Prescntr-Me-srs, Solomon (chair), Curtin, Browne, Smith, Kennedy and others. The minutes of the last meeting were read and confirmed. A lot of correspondence was read and received. It^was unanimously re solved that owing to the severe season to take entries up to Monday morning, the 25th inst., without enforcing the penalty for late entries. The secretary reported that so far the judges and stewards proposed had fairly responded, but as there was always* a diffi culty almost at the last moment it would be better to be on the safe side. He;was in structed to write to Mr. J. Donohiie, asking him to assist in judging the horse sections. In some other sections he was instructed to endeavor to get further assistance in judging. An account j for insurance on building (£1 12s) was passed for payment. The secretary was authorised to advertise in the Narandera and Wagga papers that excursion trains would run to Jerilderie from Albury, Coota mundra, Hay, Berrigan and intermediate stations from Saturday, 23rd, to Wednesday, 27th inst. The meeting then terminated. A. letter was receivetV yesterday from the manager of the Wagga Experimental Farm to the effect that the exhibit they were sending down for exhibition would consist ? of dried and preserved fruits, and samples of various wheats. The manager added ho would wire, in the course of a few days, as so the amount of space they would require. Tuesday next- has been gazitted a public holiday for the town of Jerilderie. We might mention thnt Tuesday is th;i first day of the show, nnd. as it now trnnspires, Wed nesday the 27th (the second day of the'show) being also proclaimed a general holiday all over the colony, tho bnnks here will be clo'e 1 from the Monday. Our Council on behalf of the Jocke.y Club has also .naked f ir;Thur.sdav, but we doubt now if the- Government will be so accommodating as to give , us three holidays in succession. Up to noon- to-day the cntriei received received for tlie ? various cl isses nre: — Sheep, 71 ; horses, GG j cnttle, I t ; farm nnd dairy produce, 02; poultrv, 25; Machinery. 69; educational, 51 ; miscellaneins. 42 ; dogs, 18 ; specinl and unclassified exhibits, 118. — Total, 541,. There are Severn! more entri-s expected before Monday next. It will be noticed by the nbove list- thnt the sheep, farm nnd dairy produce, nnd poultry have inoreascd over last year, while a great full ing-off is noticcnbie in tho horse, miscel laneous, nnd educational sections. A forcible mining disaster has occurred in Silesia, Austria. A case.- ?. containing . 24 ? minere was descending into a pit, when by some means or other the. rope broke, allow ing the cage to drop 200 yards, and killing the whole of the occupants. ? Wis w.-re en' led upon a few dnvs a?o bv a photneraoher from Urann, a' Mr. Ivirklnnd, who intimated to ns that lie wns opening a studio in this .town near Mr. Brovmnn's store, and that ho intended to tnke up his residence here . permanently. Judging by some of his testimonials and from photos taken by him. there is no doubt' tliev are first clnss nnd cqunl to any taken in the metropolis. Dll. H. H. II ART, New York, says : — ' ft goes without saying that Sander & Sons Eucalypti Extract is tno best in the market. It is an excellent local application in inflam mation' of.the 'mucous niornbrnnes 'and will cure influenza, diarrhoea,' 'diphtheria, infec tious fevers, etc.', Insist nn getting Sander & Son's Eucalypti Extract, or. you will-' be supplied' with worthless oils. . 'THREE CASTLES CIGARETTES/' .- Tlio mariufaotvrers of those justly cele brated- 'Three Castles Cigarettes are now; eiving uitli each bnx of-, 500, a beautifully illustrated album yf the .Tubilei procession. They should certainly prove a very accept- i iVblcgiEt. -? 