' Te^ble Btaaiag iweideftt. \\-/-' . A BJfDNEir MAN FAJJifi ON A iHCrT :? '.':'?? S^AM-PICT-te'.AyBATH.;-^'! HIS TI.ESH A.DHEEED TO THBYKEP|j; ?i LIKE A STEAK TO A ? 1T^TING-PA^+ AN; Atpra SIGHT. Wsils in a bath in Pitt-street, a Mr. 3arvis had tbe misfortune to slip and fall on the hot water pipes, and before he could he rescued: he was. scalded and burnt in a terrible way: 'The shook of, the burning and the fall proved to be very disastrous for Mr. Jams, and for » Dum ber of years after be was a confirmed invalid, suffering terribly from locumotor ataxia and other forms of paralysis.. A few months ago, however, reports began to be circulated, in the neighborhood that Mr. Jarvib was getting ronnd again, and that he had bad a most mar Tellons recovery from this apparently incurable aialady. It was on account of these rumors that a special reporter from tbe Sydney Worker was despatched to get ail information regarding samp, and one afternoon hemadeliis way to his house, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. Mr. Thos. Jarvis was discovered nursing*, two-year-old baby, and his face, declared Wm one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about, and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still a few marks of a critical illness and a period of pain, and it was very elear that be was an invalid no more. In reply to the preliminary questions hp said : — ' You want to know all about ray case 1 Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tcM yon. The facts may be of .value to those who are stricken as I was.' ' How long were yon suffering T' '* Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I . bad to leave off work, &Bd; I b e 'done nothing since then. About five years ago next Christmas I met with an accident ; I was badly scalded while taking a batb in Pitt-st., Sydney, Sinoe the accident -I have been io failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced .to| give np my billet at tbe Glebe Island.' : . ' What wore the symptoms ?' 'Simply indescribable. Ths pains were something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They. were for all the: world like as if a saw were cutting my bones io two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was inces santly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor, and he told me that my case was atterly hopeles?. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable In stitutions.' ' Did you make nse of the orner 7' 11 No ; I came home and vent to bed, and have been pietty well in bed ever since. Fiye weeks ago I could not walk ncroBS the floor'.; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give np the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under bioi far five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive lacomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar disturb ances of gsit, and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary movements. He told roe that I might last for ten years, and that I jiiglit never get the use of my legs. (Just then tbu patient kicked his legs about with energy to sbow that medical opinion is not infallible). Well, jnst as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure effected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the Australian Workman, by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the pills- a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it wag magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though' nothing was the matter with me. It was the first ap petite and rest I had had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was 'able to move about. Yoa see those crutches there 1 They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got Dr. Williams' Piuk Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them.' 'He is 100 per cent, better,' said Mrs. Jarvie, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. ' The Dr. Williams' Piult Pills for Pale People have saved his life, and made another man of him.' A friend who -called at this point said that Jarvis looked ten years younger tbat day than he did a fortnight previous. 'I can now,' continued Jarvis, ' have o cold bath, and all the feeling has come back, into my legs. I ascribe all tho change sn3- benefit to Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now,! whatever, snd feel like a new man. On tbe mantelpiece there is a box of opium and mor phia pills which the doctor g&me; me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows we has been amazed at the change in me They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here.' Such is this remarkable history, and it con firms what is said in all the chief nowspupers of this country of the astonishing cures' wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure loootnotor ataxy, spinal disease, and partial paralysis, also the many' disorders which arise from an impoverished* state of the blsod, such as antenna, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in ths back, nervous headachy etc.. etc. ? Mr. J. S. T. M'Gowen, leader of the labor party in the N.8.W. Legislative Assembly, was eten by our reporter io oounection with the remarkable case of Thomas Jarvis. Mr. M'Gowen says he has known Jam's from in fancy. He also knew that lie bad to give up his work at Glebe Island abattoirs 12 months ago owing to a malady which be doveloped. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was bedrid den, and that there was little chance of his rc covpjt. He understood Jarvis waB refused admission to Sydney Hospital, as his caB« had 