AUSTRALIAN SOCIETY.. BISHOP THORNTON'S ADDRESS. The following is the conclusion of Bishop Thornton's address to the Anglican Church Congress at Brisbane which has excited so much attention "The people of these colonies are one of the strongest, most courageous, capable, nimble minded, progressive and interesting races the world has ever seen. Occupying a splendid land, with radiant climate, exhaustless resources and almost infinite possibilities, so soon as they are welded into one by federation a glorious future ought to be before the Australian people ! I think the relation of the church to Australian society must stand connected in the first instance with amelioration of terrible evils that are infecting it, before she can join with much heart in eulogies of the Australia of the present, or confident prognostications of glory and greatness for the Australia of the future. The criminal statistics of Australia yield little confidence that crime is substantially diminishing; while there is good reason for believing that the amount of undetected and unpunished offences against the law is very large. Below the surface, Australian town life is stained deep with intemperance, profanity and lust; even-it is terrible to record among our children. Is our bush life purer ? I have for years been eliciting information on such matters, net from clergy only, but from land owners, judges, magistrates, constables, doctors, teachers, farmers, miners, peasants. The testimony gathered, on the whole, is very far from favourable. Of' course, there are many excellent people in the bush ; but theft is incessant, on chastity very slightly thought of, even suicide becoming not uncommon. Are our industrial phenomena hopeful? Bitterness, banished from theological controversy, flavours all the public relations between employers and employed. Is Australian commercial life pure ? I have never met a citizen who had not a complaint to make of having been plundered or victimised in some business transaction and the relations of " boom " time in Victoria quite forbid our holding up our hands in righteous indigna nation at Hooley intrigues and scandals in England. Our administration of justice is reputed to be unimpeachable, but the tone of our Bar in court is often utterly unbecoming, to say the least; while our divorce courts and their reports are a pestilent evil. The language held in some of our Legislative Chambers is not seldom degrading to our parliamentary institutions. In our Press, the brilliant ability of the literary work at the command of the leading journals we cordially appreciate and admire ; but the country press in some places is contemptible, if not worse little but a blackmail levied on the residents by incompetent adventurers; while the flippant, cynical tone of a great deal of our journalism tends to dray downwards the level of public thought and feeling, and to present human life ever on its mean and ridiculous side. Of course, I, not this congress, am responsible for such statements; yet is there anyone in this congress prepared to traverse them ? It would be absurd to stigmatise sport as evil in_jtnelf ; but among ourselves it seems too often indulged as an absorbing passion, not resorted to in reasonable moderation as a recreative pastime; while the gambling spirit which commonly saturates it is eat- ing like a cancer into the character of our people. Our mirth is too little distinguish- able from frivolity ; our amusements drift stubbornly towards folly. Alas! What seriousness we have is largely monopolised in the racing for gain and position, and provision for this life, to the disregard of often coupled with professed disbelief in the immortality that is beyond. I shall be told that I querulously ignore all the learning, the science, the art that flourish in the midst of us, and the philanthropy whose splendid monuments adorn our cities. I do not, for a moment; the relation of the church towards these is admiring sympathy, while charity admittedly draws its chief support from religious motive ; but is Australian culture, as yet, predominantly Christian ? I fear not ! And what has Australia for the most part done with religion-the only valid basis of morals and safe guide of human conduct in connection with popular education ? Now, if there be any other agency that exists for effectually antidoting such evils as I have reluctantly been enumerating, except the Church of God, I should be glad to be furnished with its name and address. That the Christian Church is the one hope of the world is no case of ecclesiastics ; it is the verdict of all history, and the will of Heaven. Christian Australians, a superb opportunity-an awful responsibility are ours in regard to the true well-being of our country. And we are not one-tenth part awake to the call of the one-alive to the urgency of the other. This very day last year a tremendous cyclone burst on the north of this diocese. It flung down every well-built structure in its path it whirled away every flimsy, unstable object in road, field, or garden. Meanwhile, in the south, gigantic fires kindled, it is thought, by some lightning flash raged through miles on miles of bush, till the whole landscape reeked liked a colossal furnace. I sometimes think Australia, in her moral and religious life, needs the renovating cyclone of the purging fires. At any rate, in what guise soever He may come, we need-we long for-we plead for the heavenly wind the holy fire-the renewing, quickening and transforming spirit of our God. The Portuguese called Australia La Tierra del Espiritu Santo-" The Land of the Holy Ghost." Oh ! that it might deserve the august title. No human finger will avail to cast out the devils that vex our land ; not legislation, nor federation, nor social re- organisation will cure our moral and spiritual mischiefs. Brothers, is there any hope ? Yes. But we must have the Holy Spirit at work amongst us. What is His whereabouts? Christ's Church on earth. He came from Heaven long age to make her His dwelling place. I never heard that He has gone back again. But prayer and obedience are essential conditions of His activity in the Church, and we come so short in both. Thou who at Pentecost did fall, Do thou our sins consume. Come, Wind of Gdu, for Thee we call ; Spirit of Burning, come. 