literary flotes, H-te. Some timo ago, -when a London newspaper confused Mr. Justin H. M'Carthy with his father, Mr. Justin M'Carthy, tho author of the ' History of Our Own Times' (says 0. K. S. in the Illustrated London News, an Irish wag remarked that this was not tho first time a Cockney had dropped an li. Tho Oantab, tho Cambridge University ?weekly, asked Mr. Rudyard Kipling to contribute, and got in response this ' non eenso' verse — ' There was once a writer who wrote : ? Dear sir, in reply to your note Of yesterday's date, I am aorry to state It's no good— at the pricea you quote.' ' In an examination in logic (says a writer in The Young Man, tho victims were asked to give in technical language tho character of' various terms— i.e., to stato ?whether they wero abstract or concrete, general or singular, absolute ' or relative. One of the terms included in the question ?was Mr. Balfour. ' Mr. Balfour,' said the examinee, 'is absoluto if considered with reference to himself only, but relative if considered with reference to Mrs. Balfour.' What sort of answer would tho examinee 'have given had he heard there is no Mrs. Balfour ? Robert Browning in the Athenaeum destroyed all his letters and papers with the exception of the letters which passed between Mrs. Browning and himself before their marriage. These letters were carefully preserved ; they were tied up in tiny packets, each envelope being numbered, aud kept in an inlaid box, into which the packets exactly fitted. While still in vigorous health Mr. Browning used these words concerning them : — ' Thero they are. Do with them as you please wlieu I am dead and gone.' The Anthenacum announces that the letters are to be published. The Outlook publishes some anecdotes -about Dr. Temple, the Archbishop of Canterbury. Hero is ono: When on the rounds he was put up by a clergyman during the absence of that clergyman's wife. On leaving, the host politely expressed the hope that when next his lordship honoured the Louse Mrs. Temple would accompany him. 'No, thanks,' the Archbishop laconically replied ; ' Mrs. Temple doesn't like roughing it.' The clergyman's feelings were deeply hurt, for the .visit had meant somo expense and much anxiety to him. He unburdened Lis soul to his wi'fe on her return. ' Why, my dear,' she exclaimed, ' you didn't surely put tho Bishop in the pink bedroom, did you?' He did. ' Oh ! then, that's it. I put all the plate in the bed !' An unusual but successful method of bring ing life back to a person supposed to be dead is recorded in the 'Memoirs of Hunry Reeve' (Longmans). Reeve heard of it from Lady Clanricarde when dining at Lord Derby's. Hews came from Clumber that the Duke of Newcastle was dangerously ill with typhus fever. Sir Matthew Tierney was sent down ,as fast as post-horses could carry him. Itwas about 1823, in the pre-railway days; and when he arrived he was informed that the Duke had been dead about two hours. Shocked at this intelligence, ho desired to see .the corpse, which was already laid out. At his ..first glance he thought he was dead. At the ?second he doubted it. At the third he cried ?out, 'Bring me up a bucket of brandy!' :They tore the clothes off the body and ' swathed it in a sheet imbibed with brandy, and then resorted to friction with brandy. In rather moro than an hour symptoms of life ?began to manifest themselves, and in two hours the Duke was able to swallow. He re -covered, and lived twenty- five years after , wards. ' Amelie Rives, an American authoress who 'lias written touching verse and weird stories, I lias committed suicide in Berlin. Her curious marriage experiences are. described by the 'Eev. W. Garrett-Horaer, who, when compil ing ' The Treasury of American Song,' had occasion to apply to the poetess for permission ?to use a piece she had contributed to Harper's Magazine under the title of ' Unto tho Least of These Little Ones.' When Mr. Garrett Hordcr waited on her in London she was the ?wife of the Prince Troubetskoy, the painter. Her first husband was Mr. Chanlor. Not long after her marriage with him she said to him, ' I am in love with - the Prince Troubetskoy, and' want to marry him.' He replied, 'If you are in the same mind a year hence como to 'me aud i will set you free.' The ycarpassed and sho went to her Husband ana saia, iam 'in tho same mind'— and tho new marriage followed. Mr. Garrett-Horder says that Ameiie, as a young woman, wasaspoilt child. ?When he saw her ' she seemed like a collec tion of nerves insufficiently covered with ?flesh.' Sho 'appeared in a white dressing . gown— her long hair down her back. She looked pal o and worn — more like a ghost than a creature of flesh and blood. She had been ill from influenza. Mr. G. R. Neilscn has edited a ' Book of Bulls,' issued by Simpkin, Marshall. Two aro attributed to. Sir Georgo Balfour. Referring in the House of Commons to a proposed loan, by the / British to the Indian Treasury, he remarked that two million pounds was ' a mere flea-bite in the ocean.' Whon speaking about Indian military affairs, be declared that ' the pale face of the British .soldier was the backbone of our Indian army.' The reason Dr. Johnson gave why inscriptions on tombstones should bo in Latin was, ' Because, being a dead language, it will always, live.' In Johnson's dictionary it - is recorded that a garret 11 is a room on tho highest floor in tho house,' while tho cock loft is' ' the room ovor tho .garret.' An eminent mathematician, who was invited to dine at ' a- house in Bolgrave-scjuaro, turned 1 ? l' TL ??« rlien-no^ wlian lin fniinrJ 7 fc uacu, iu lb m uioguou was not a square, but a parallelogram. The translation of a Continental novel contains these sentences :—' Her hand was cold, liko that of a serpent.' ' The Countess was about to reply, when a door opened and closed her mouth.' ' Tho Colonol paced backward and forward with his hands behind his back reading tho newspapor.' Of journalistic bulls thero are many. The Times, in its eulogy of Baron Dowse, the Irish judge, said : — ' A great Irishman has passed away. .God grant that many of the great men who wisely love their country may follow him.' f Mr. W. P. Reeves, Agent-General for New Zealand, is reported by the Literary World to have prepared an exhaustive work on New Zealand for publication through Horaco Marshall and Son, under the title of ' The Long Whito Cloud — Ao Tea Roa.' It will contain a concise history of Now Zealand from its discovery down to the present time, much space being devoted to , the Maories. In its notice of ' Emin Pasha : His Lifo and Work' (Constable), the Athenaeum says that Emin was no soldier. Ho was, above all things, a man of science, and that he should havo beon pitchforked into a part against tho biggest, revolution that East Africa has known in the century is ono of the ironies of fato. The chief and most permanent interest of tho memoir lies in the revelation of tho singularly, attractive character of the ardent naturalist, heaping up priceless collections of specimens, and devoting every moment that could bo spared from the business of his office to scien tific observation and discovery. During his last painful and disappointing expedition he writes : — ' Amidst all my recent troubles and trial I have had one great consolation — I have discovered a largish cat, hitherto unknown to naturalists. It will arouse considerable interest in Europe.' ^ Or again : — ' I have built a pretty hut for myself, and I am now sitting in it, surrounded by my goods and chattels, instruments, collections, birds hung up for drying,' &c.; Such sales as the Asburnham show us (says the Saturday Itevieiv) that, even in these de generate days, there survives a race, of descendants of Dibdin and Heber, who collect real books in the fearless old fashion. It is pleasant to think that there are still people who will give, in open auction, £190 for the 1472 folios of tho natural history of Pliny, on vellum, and £'2G5 for a bound volumo of six teenth-century rappresentazioni, ' somo mar gins cut into.' When wc see a sort of common-place book, with Latin aud English sentences out of Terence, fetch £201 for no reason whatevoPj-except that it is an example, and perhaps a unique one, of the primitivo London press of Machlinia, we feel that tho old flame is not extinct. This is, indeed, col lecting for collecting's sake, with no nonsense about intrinsic literary merit. We have, we must say, more sympathy with tho competit ion for books really noble in themselves, as well as merely rarel. Wo can thoroughly comprehend the joy of possessing tho 1529 edition of Geoifroi Tory's ' Champ Floury,' or tne 1498 folio of tho Prophecies of Merlin, in three volumes. For the last-mentioned was paid at the Ashburnham sale the sum of £7 GO which certainly deserves to bo called a truly ' princely figure.' Messrs. Ward, Lock and Co., the publishers of the Windsor Magazine, have furnished us with a few particulars of the. many attractions connected with their extraordinary Christmas No., which will be of interest to our readers. Tho supplement will consist' of a complete novel entitled ' Phra, tho Phoenician,' by Edwin L. Arnold, son of Sir Edwin Arnold, and will be illustrated with 15 full page illustrations by H. M. Paget. The Magazine itself will be printed on art paper, and the first 32 pages will bo ' on different colours. Among the attractions will bo a new serial by Rudyard Kipling, which will contain some of his finest work ; a new serial by S. R. Crockett; stories by L. T. Meade, Bret Harte, Ian Maclaren, Marie Corelli, and others ; besides a long complete story by Conan Doyle ; and many articles of strong topical interest. The aim of tho publishers is to produce something better tliifn anything that has yet been published. In this they have succeeded, but at a cost of having spent more money than has ever been spent on any number of a magazine in the history of the world. This truly marvellous number will arrive about Christmas, and will, we anticipate, be eagerly looked forward to by many of our readers. 