CH-APTER LXVIIL -CONCLUSION. The boldneeotmBurt Braxton In play. ing ghost amazed Surgeon Powell, when he said that they would ride right into ' the Indian village. But the Surgeon Scout did not hesl tate,' and the two "ghosts," well mnounted and leading three white horses, -did boldly enter the red-skin village at midnight, and ride up to the cabin of the renegade chief. It was snowing hard, and the one brave kept on duty as guard outside of the cabin was crouching under shelter enveloped in his blanket, and knew nothing of the spectral foes near until be received a blow on the head that stunned him. A knock at the cabia.door, or voices saying in the Indian tongue - for Sur -geon Powell spoke the language well that Chief Red Lightning wished to see the White Eagle, caused the renegade to appear and to behold before him two spectres. He had played the ghost act to -frighten others, and now, awakened from sleep, found before him two forms as though from the grave. "Prince Ashton, we have come for your guilty soul," said the deep voice of Burt Braxton; and the man staggered back and sank down upon the floor, un able to move or speak. His sufferings were terrible, and Surgeon Powell said In a whisper: - . "He is dying of fright, Draxton." S It was true. The Monarch. of the Mfountains, In all his palnt as a renegade chief, in vain attempted to speak, and ,with a moan fell back in convul.9.P.. 277 It was only a short Ausqligl ayowever, fot" life soh. fled, and. Sugeon'Powell, rising fr?o.his side, said quickly: "Come, Seaford, you and Cody get your wraps on, for we must be miles out of this by dawn." Who can picturo the surprise of the midnight visitors appearing as rescuers? It was a startling, joyous surprise, and within ten minutes after the recog nition of the Surgeon Scout the Irons of the two pr0soners had been removed, the body'of t;e dead renegade strapped to one of the horses, and the whole party were th retreat through the blind ing strm. i. Thteride to the Hermit's cabin was made in safety, the body of Prince Ash ton was'recognised by the man he had so wronged, and then it was buried,.: A week after the Hermit was able to be about, and by slow stages the ride was begun to the fort.'. The welcome that all .met can. be imagined better' than described, and Burt Braxton and m Zulita,- with their father, became the colonels guests. Thus was laid the foundation of .that love .affalr. whch eventually ended:in the marriage: of -Ethel Willis to Burt Bnraxton, while Edlita. Braxton.became Mrs Hugh Seaford, and, happy are both couples in the choice that they made of partners for life. - In the spring, Hermit Braxton, as the elder was called, led a party of soldiers into the mountains and secured the gold that: was: hidden away, and which' amounted to a considerable fortune, while Colonel Cody and. Burt Braxton went with them with a squad of soldiers to bury the dead of tle Gunnison ex pedition found in tile Haunted Fort, [Tho End.] Next week will be commenced a grand new serial entitled "The Rainbow Feather," by Fergus Hume, author of "The Mystery. of the Hansom- Cab,'" etc, etc. 