NOTES ON CURRENT EVENTS. Of all places ia the worid the cemetery, one would think, would be bhe last selec ted as the scene for gambling operations. Only the other day, however, six young men were brought up afc Parramatta charged with playing an unlawful game, to wit, ' heading 'em,' at the Independent Cemetery, Book wood, on the 27th ult. Constable Robertson, of Ronkwond. cravn fiviflp.nfin as fr- fiiirnrisintr the accused, who were in a ring playing 'heading 'ern.' The gambling was being carried on for some time in the cemetery, and complaints had been made. When ar rested, one man said, ' Clean caught this time.' The portion of the cemetery they were in was not used for burial purpose, and it was nob true thab accused were gambling on a tombstone. The bench, hy a majority, dismissed the information. In this case it would seem that the practice of a former generation is being revived. Was it not Hogarth who pictured one of his typical scamps piayiDg «? pitcli-and-toss ' on a tomb stone. * * * ? * The following paragraph affords another illustration of the wholesale manner in which people who have horses in a sweep have to tribe all connected with the animal. The successful drawers of ' Tattersall's' consul tation on the Sandhurst Cup ate a Berialla syndicate, comprising W. G. Abbott, under taker ; Walter Abbott, a house painter'; Charles M'Farlane, a wheelwright ; and Thoma3 Baker, a labourer. They laid off £1000 10 nothing to thd owner of Lochaber, £250 to nothing each to the trainer and joc key. After all deductions, including the commission on amount of the prize money, they will each receive a trifle over £1,300. Outsiders will be disposed to ask what this wholesale bleeding is for. Presumably the owner and the trainer and the jockey would like to win the Sandhurst Cup if they could. Anyhow if the chance is so bad as to render the attempt hopeless, tho sop from the tic ketholder won't turn a defeat into a viccory. It is high time this sys'ein was stopoed. * * * * In this connection there is another matter which cannot well be ignored. It is under stood that in many curqs where the owner of the horae is not approached by the ticket holder with the offer of a bribn, he will take the initiative himseif. The question arises as to how he knows tho drawers of horses. As a Melbourne paper puts it, 'it points to a leakage at headquarters, for how could turf agents communicato with fcirket holders if thoy had not bt;en favored with names and addresses ?' If a suspicion of irregularity bo aroused in one direction it might ba also aroused in other directions. So fur the con duct of these huge sweeps has been regarded by the general public as above suspicion, and if the promoter desires to retain public confidence he will do well to put his foot down Btrongly on the practice to which wo have referred. * * * # If anything were needed to show the necessary lor some sharp reform in tho con duct of sweeps on horse races, it would bo found in the following loiter from a Cormva correspondent :— ' A local syndicate, includ ing Mr. John Gilchrist of Collendina, Mr. Alt Widgory and Mr, O. Jackson of Corowa, drew a hurso named Mackayin tho Newcastle Cup sweep promoted by 'Tuttersull,1 and upon rocoipt of tho ;;'od newts late on Friday niftht wired to the owner that they would lay him £000 to nothing to win. His reply 10 coiv-;d on Saturday morning (tho day tho moo wan run) was to the ofFeci; that unless lie gob half tho prizo — £112.; — ho would not sburb. To Lliis no answer wan m-nt. Tug race whh won by Obun. I consider tho Kyndicato, which comprised 11 nioiabors, were fairly liberal, and tho treatment they received ia conclusive evidenco enough to tuico tickets only in sweeps drawn on: the. day of the race, I if taken at all.' This looks very muoh as if I the people who have reoourse1 to this sharp ! practice, or the laxity of management which I allows the information to get abroad, will be I more effectual in doing away with the sweeps I than all the denunciations of theclergy. f I ?' * * * * I The Wide World Magazine is fruitful in ,j extraordinary stories about Australia. It is . il the small details ; which reveal thet untrust- \\\ worthiness of the narrative. In one yarn the -I scene is laid iu the Victorian bush nearly 40 'jj years ago, and the occupant of a bark humpy ? - is represented as sitting on a ' camp chair.' II An illustration shows one of the canvas deck I chairs now in common use, but certainly un- -\ known in buBh huts 40 years ago. Another j story — a ghost story by the way — refers to I the early days of Queensland, and to a remote | part of the interior of that colony. The \\! murder is represented to have taken place in \ front of -i toll bar, and to have been perpe- ) trated by the keeper of the ' pike.' In yet : another yarn a man is watching by a camp- ; fire at night, and by way of relaxation pro- ' poses a little sport. Getting up from the fire, he remarks, 'I think I will go out and shoot a dingo.' Authors who get unkindly dealt with by critics may take heart of grace. Sometimes the critics are wrong. Witness the following notice of Scott's I.vanhoe, fished out of an old number of an English magazine : — 'The mmance consists very irainly of descriptions of forests and tournaments, of men of big bones 'and portenous looks, of chivalrous parade and equipage, of hyperbolical feats, »nd a few scenes of licence and disorder, with a good sprinkling of luxurious and canting monks, all represented after the old manner, with an awkward episode of a rich merchant Jew and bis paragon cf a daughter, not very probably or congruously blended with the story, or much corresponding with the state of society.' I may add that in these latter days hypercritical persons mighb take exception to the critic's, diction. ' Very mainly' is: a doubtful locution at all events. LIPPON DaIRN. The River —The Murray yesterday waa 3 feet 1 inch above summer level and falling. Hotel Changes. — Mr. W. Downey, late of Rochester, has taken the George Hotel in Dean-street, lately occupied by Mr. Carkeek. Musig Examination. — We understand than all the Convent pchool pupils who were candidates at the recent practical examina tion in connection with Trinity College suc ceeded in passing. ? ? New Architects. — Messrs. Robertson and Marks, architects for the new buildings in course of erection for T. H. Mate and Co., announce elsewhere that they have takeu offices in Kiewa-street. New Wheat. — The new season's wheat is beginning to come into the market, and is generally admitted to be of first rate quality. A parcel changed hands on Tuesday at 2s. 8d. on the trucks at Culcairn. Robbery at Corowa.— On Sunday after noon the premises of Mr. J. H. Oswald were entered, and a, £5-note and a sovereign taken from a purse in a drawer. Two other £0 notes and some silver in the same purse were lefb by the thief. Wodonga Race Privileges. — The booths and other privileges in connection with the annual meeting of the Wodouga Racing Club on Boxing Day will be sold by Messsee. J. G. Shields and Co. on Saturday, 10th inst., at 3 p.m., at Bambriok's Hall. The Election Petition.— -Mr. Griffith's witnesses went down to Sydney on Tuesday night to give evidence in reply 1o the testi mony of the witnesses for Mr. Ball. Four witnesses were examined on Wednesday, and tho examination was then adjourned until Thursday. Yesterday it was resumed. The Wagga Land Board.— Mr. F. W. Watt, chairman of the local Land Board, has been granted six mouths' leave of absence from the end of the year, during which time Mr. W. Orr, district surveyor, will act as chairman of tho board, and Mr. Thorburn, of Bathurst, will be acting district surveyor. Public School Concert. —A concert to provide prizes for the Public Suhool will be given in the Mechanics' Institute on Thurs day next, 15bh inst. A capital programme hus been prepared, and the children, having1 been in regular practice for some time past, will no doubt render a good account of them selves. Victorian Government Holidays.— As Christmas Day falls upon n Sunday this year, it is regarded as tolerably certain that tho holidays to bo guzottod will bo Saturday, Monday, and Tuesday, 24th, 26th, and 27th DecBinbor, Now Year's Day uIho falls on a Sunday, and it is probable that t.he following1 Monday und Tuesday will bo proclaimed as tho holidays for that occasion. Omtuauy. — Tho friends of Mr. G. Wil son, of Germanton, will rogrofc to louru that ho bun Huntniiiod a novoro boroavumeiib in tho loss of hit) daughter, 11 littlo girl six yearn of ,'igo. She had boon miflWiug for boinii live montliH from 11 tumor 11b tho baso of tho bruin, und in spito of all that oould bo ' done by local und metropolitan Burgeons, nueoumbt'd to tho malady on Suturduy last. A Nkw Maukkt l'oit IjYj1 Stock. — A special train lefb Gundngui, taking 1000 fab croHSbrod wethers from Nungus, and piuki'd upf- at Ooolao 120 fafc bullocks; from MrB P. J. ©'Donneli's Mingay Estate. These (says; the Times) are being dispatched this ; week to Western Australia by the steamship New Guinea, and were purchased by a ship ping syndicate through Mr. W. E. Kyle, and comprise the first draft. Heat Wave. — A very severe heat wave was experienced on Monday, when the ther mometer early in the afternoon indicated a Bhade temperature of 106. The day was fol lowed by an intensely hot night, in which sleep was almost entirely out of the question. During the night a slight thunderstorm oc curred,1 and Tuesday was perceptibly cooler. On Wednesday the sky was overcast and tne temperature fell considerably. Yesterday was a delightful spring day. Accident at Tttmbartjmba. — On Thurs day, 1st insfc., Mr. R. Doughty, herdsman of the Tumbarumba common, met with a very serious accident whilst yarding cattle at the common paddocks. The horse' he was riding oollidtd with a calf, and both horse and rider were brought to the ground. Mr. Doughty sustained a compound fracture of the'leg, beside bruises. Dr. Johnstono was called to attend the unfortunate man at Tat tersall's Hotel (where he still remains), and succeeded in setting the broken limb. New Bills for Mining and Agriculture. \- — The Minister for Mines and Agriculture (Mr. Cook) is introducing three new bills into, the Legislative Assembly. These are: — ' A bill to amend the Diseases in Sheep Act of 1866 and the Diseases in Sheep Acts Amendment Act of 1878, and any Acts amending the same,' ' a bill to provide for and regulate mining and dredging for gold in liver beds, and for purposes consequent on or incidental to those objects,' and ' a bill to amend the Mining on Private Lands Act ?- of 1894 and the Mining Laws Amendment Act of 1896.' The Rutherglbn Vinegrowers and the Vegetation Diseases Bill. - At a meeting of -vignerons on Saturday at Rutherglen it was decided to request the district repre sentatives in the Legislative Council ; to strenuously oppose the passage of the Vege tation Diseases Bill, particularly the clause providing for the abolition of payment of compensation to owners of phylloxera in feoted vineyards. It is contended that the vignerons have contributed towards the com pensation paid in Geelbng and Bendigo, and that therefore they should enjoy similar benefits should occasion arise. Publications RECEIVED. — We have re ceived the jubilee number of the Mutual Piovident Messenger, the quarterly publica ' tion of the A.M.P. Society. The editor, in a leading article, urges all members to mark 'the occasion by an attempt for the common benefit' to extend the business of the society. The article winds up as follows :— We ask, and feel' assured of a ready response to our appeal, that our members will consider the propriety of effecting a further assurance at this auspicious period, or at least, to the mutual benefit of all, induce some one per son who is not yet assured to effect a policy with the society without delay. ?Valuation of Improvements. —The new bill for dealing with improvements to Crown land provides that the value sh-ill be the value to the incoming tenant at the date of the commencement of his title, and not include any value due to the inherent capability of 'the land, or exceed in any case the original coat of improvements made. After an ap plication for land, unless the owner of im provements and applicant otherwise agree, an appraisement of improvements is to be made, ana in case the appraisement is 20 per cent. above the value notified in the Gazette the ap plicant will have the right to withdraw his applications and obtain a refund of any moneys paid in respect of it. Government Christmas Holidays. — The Civil Service has been agitated lately with regard to their Christmas holidays. The ^ festive season falling on a Sunday, an idea has been prevalent that the Government would throw in Saturday as well as Monday and Tuesday ; or. if not Saturday, then Wednesday, as has been done in Victoria. We understand, however, that the Govern ment has no intention of giving more than is allowed in the Banking Act, which stipulates that when Christmas falls on Sunday, the holidays shall bo on Monday and Tuesday. The objection to making Saturday a general holiday is that, boiug Christmas eve, groat disturbance would bo caused in the retail trade. The New Year holiday will probably b» confinod to tho Monday following tho New Year. An Old Resident of tiik Border District. — Iu tho London Daily Graphic of Ootober (5 appears tho following obituary notioe : — ' Knuokoy. — On 2nd Ootobor at Tradoaoant-road, Chapman John Lafayette Knuokoy, wgod fid years. Australian papers plense copy.' Tho subject of tho foregoing notice will bo romombornd by many rosidonts . of this district as fcho suryoyor of tho Jeril , derie, Borrigan, and MulwnU telegraph lino, -.? oonscruotod unclor Mr. Knuokoy in 1891. , v and this ia tho sumo Knuokoy who mir ,??? yoyod and suporintondod the great ovorland Hho from Adelaide to PortDarwin. Whoa sur veying thia lino Knuokay undorwont hard ships that would kill ordinary mon, aomotunos ? at war with tho blocks, and nb otluii\s dopen dent upon them fop bare food, even for burn navdou. Ilia Buli'orincii undoubtedly riiinod hia hoalth and greatly tUl'uotbd las niontal oapnoity. The Rainfall ob- New South Wales. -t The following report of Mr. H. C. Russell, Government Astronomer, has been published for the information of the 'public : — The rain fall for November has been generally less abundant than that of October, and a recur rence of hot and dry north-west winds has told seriously Upon vegetation and water tanks. The following records for November will show the percentage of rainfall below the average. . On the coast south of Sydney, 59 to 98 per cent. ; at and about Sydney, 85 ; Hunter River districts, 4 to 97 ; on the coast north of Newcastle, 23 to 9i ; over the Darling tributaries, 50 to 97 ; west of the Darling; 62 to 99 ; between the Darling, Lachlan and Bogan, 26 to 90 ; western Riverina, 46 to 87 ; eastarn Riverina, 11 to 79\. The latter with one exception, i.e, at Albury, where the rain was six per cent, above the average. The Harvest at Corowa.— Our corres pondent writes : — ' Stripping is being vigor ously proceeded with throughout the district, and now wheat has arrived for storage at the ' Corowa grain sheds. Owing to the extremely j hot weather followed by strong winds, a ' heavy loss has been experienced by growers of the Steinwedel variety, the gram falling j on to the ground from half a bag to a bag and a 'half to the acre. Purple Straw %x\\(L other varieties are yielding well. Amongst the wheat stripped up to the present green grains are prominent, and growers attribute ' this to the fact that the wheat on the surface ripened early owing to the light rains, while that sown deeper did not mature until a good j deal later. On many places where stripping ' had been started the work had to be delayed. The market has not opened yet, but on an export basis, which the millers say they must take as their guide in order to compete with ! foreign and intercolonial competition, the price will be under 3s. in Sydney. The quality of the grain this year will be much superior to the last.' Urana Stock Board. -At a meeting' of j directors held on Monday the following j business was transacted. On the motion of i Mr, Newton, seconded by Mr. Hill, Mr, T. Bond, of Tarran, was elected' chairman in place of Mr. Rolls, resigned. A circular from the Armidale Board containing three resolu tions having been considered, Mr. Breniiati moved,- Mr. Morrison seconded, that this board are in accord with the resolutions | passed by the Armidale Board, and that the secretary be instructed to ask the member for the district to support the matter when before the House. — Carried. Moved by Mr. Morrison, that this~board are willing to 'co- operate with the Young Board in having their resolution of the 5th October last carried into effect, and further that this board in-' struct tne secretary to write to the council of advice requesting that this matter be kept before the council? Seconded by Mr. Brennan, and carried. Circular from the Denmaii Board. — Moved by Mr. Newton,-that this circular be received, seconded Mr. Brennan, carried. Circular from the Stock Board's Council of Advice. — Moved by Mr. Newton, that the resolution contained in the council's circular of the 10th November be signed by the chairman and returned to the council. Seconded by Mr. Morrison, and carried. At a meeting of Board of Sheep Directors, held on the same date, Mr. Bond was also elected chairman offl that board. There being no further business the meeting closed. Railway to Wyalong.— From informer tion received at the bands of those best quali fied to judge, there can be little doubt that the extension of the railway service from Temora to Wyalong is fuIJy justified, and that the railway would be of s-reat service to a very important district. In the Legisla tive Assemble a few days sinco Mr. Holinan presented a petition from certain residents of Wyalong and 'surrounding districts, set ting forth the necessity for the immediate construction of the railway from Temora to Wyalong on the following grounds, viz. : — That the route is the most direct and cheap est, and most advantageous to the population of the surrounding districts ; that this db triot has become a Jarjje farming centre by reason of there being under cultivation 11,000 acres of land, and which area would increase tenfold by the construction of this line of railway ; that tho permanency of the Wyalong1 goldfield is now undoubtedly as sured, it having for the past four years sup ported a population of 4000 ; that tho output of gold for the past 12 months ended Decem ber, 1897, was 34,370oz. Tho petition prays tho House to forthwith rocommond the con struction of tho abovonnmed lino of railway. Tho petition was received. Found Dead. —In a recent issuo of this journal wo reported the discovery of the dead body of a man who had not been identified on tho river bunk at Yarrawonga. The Mercury supplies tho following further parti culars : — Tho man had beou in tho company of a mute, but tho latter knew nothing of the antecedents of his dead companion, nob oven hia name, and tho man, after a magis terial investigation, was buried as an un known in the Yarrawonga Comotery. With a view to tho identification, if possible, of tho deceased, Sonior-uonstablo lltnvitt has fur nished ua with tho lollowing description of fcho man : — 'Supposed Australian native, 2S to 30 yoiira ot iigo, six foot hi^li, medium build, fair complexion, sandy to rod hair, snuiil fail* lnouataiiho only, largo Roman nose appuront slight injury to left nostril ; freoklocl on oheoka, hands, ami arms; largo oara, bluo ovos, good ait of tooth but discoloured, i Tho body was drcssoct iu white ilauuel uuder- ' shirt, grey Crimean shirt, dungaree jumper, dirty grey cord cotton trousers, grey cotton socks, blucher boots, ? light . sore- f nit hat.' Deceased apparently died whilst asleep, and nothing was found on the body' or in the vicinity to lead to the establishment of the identity of the man, who, ib is presumed, came from Now South Wales. The Benior constable had the body photographed before interment. Terrible Mining Accident 'at Ade long.— A fatal mining accident attended with specially painful features, happened on Friday at the .Gibraltar Mine, Adelong. A carpenter named Henry Day was working in connection with the additions being made to the battery, and was levering up a board With a crowbar, which slipped off the fulcrum and deceased fell amongst the machinery, which was nt work at. the time. He was jammed between a pulley wheel and belt driving one of the stone breakers. When Day slipped he fell against a wheel and part -.of his body was dragged into it. On each side of the wheel was a plank about three inches away, and on the wheel a five inch flange. Day waspinned between the machinery and the timber con nected with iti In order to extricate him it was found necessary to saw the timber away. At the time of the accident the unfortunate man was wearing a nail- bag around hi3 waist, and when his body became pinned in the machinery many of tho nails Iroin the bag penetrated his body. His thighs and legs and the lower part of his stomach were dreadfully mangled. Part of his leg was smashed to mincemeat, and part of his entrails were protruding. It Was a terrible sight. Day remained conscious up to the end, but succumbed to his injuries on Friday at mid night. Reaper. and Binder Trial.— An exhibi tion of the Howard Osborne Reaper and Binder rook place at Mr. Wm, Watson's farm, 'Innisfail,' Cookardinia. Owing no doubt to the fact that all farmers are busy harvesting at this time of the year the attendance would have been greater. How ever, a very pleasant and sociable afternoon was spent. The binder went off without a hitch, and the lightness of draft and clean cutting and binding was the: theme of con versation amongst those present. The binder tied the firsfi sheaf, and during the whole of the time never missed tying one- Round the outside there was some very tough weeds, which made very little difference. There was only two horses in during the whole of the time. Mr. Watson worked the binder himself, and was highly satisfied. This was also the opinion amongst the on lookers, and Mr. Watson booked as much cutting as he' could undertake in the limited time, and had to reiuse several. The fol lowing gentlemen were present :— Messrs. BusWell, Trebly, M'Millan, Murphy, Maher, Weisner, Ross, Humphries, J.- J. Post, A. G. Post, Richards, Parnell, M'Donald, Heron, and several ladies. Messrs. J. Colquhoun and an expert were present on behalf of Messrs. J. and C Howard, and as the objeot of the trial was to introduce the binder there is not the slightest doubt that the object will be gained, and should be the means of many orders for the next season. Farmers' and Settlers' Co- operative Company. — We have received the prospectus of this company which it is proposed to form with a capital of £5000 in £o000 shares of £1 each, to be fully paid up on application. The prosDectus states that the compstiy is formed for the purpose of selling and dispos ing ot all farm products in such a manner as will ensure the return to the producers of the full value of their produce less fair and rea sonable charges and expenses incidental to the sale and disposal of the same, and to provide for the proper and successful work ing of the company, and to establish a sys tem by which after providing for all working and insidental expenses, any surplus will be returned pro rata to the suppliers of produce iu cho form of bonuses calculated on the quantity of produce supplied to the company. It has been recounised for a long time by the farmers and settlers of New South Wales that the present rates and charges tor the S'lle and disposal of their produce are an mi I fair and burdensome tax upon them. These charges have hitherto reduced the margin of profit to tho producers to such an extent that the development of the agricultural industry of the colony is seriously retarded. The remedy for this evil is co-operation among the farmers and settlers. This company is boing formed to accomplish that object, and it is confidently hoped that all those inter esred iu agricultural pursuits will assist the movement by applying for shares in the company. Me. Kennedy's Wheat Crop.—- With reforence to the remarkable yield obtained from tv paddook on the flat, reported in another column, the S.M. Herald says : — The oxtraoxdmary productiveness of Mr. J. A. Kennedy's wheat fields in Albury, should reassure tho timid souls' who were- frightened by Sir William Crookes's dismal prophecy The President of tho British Assooation in formed the world a tV.v months ago, that if things wont on as at present there would boa world-famine so far as wheat was concerned in 1913. Wo took occasion at tho time to uvgo a few considerations which would tend to minimise, tho alarm necessarily consequent upon this delivery by a sreat scientific author ity. Anfl now Mr. Kennedy oomos to reas sure us all still further. Last season his yield, I notwithstanding unfavourable weather, avov ' aged 40 bushels to the aore, and this year the ??estimate 'is 60 bushels. So far as can be ascertained the wonderful result is.no mir acle, nor is there any secret process involved. Mr. Kennedy seems to have obtained an American seed — Sullivan's Early Prolific, it is called— which is admirably adao ted to his soil, and tho usual results have followed upon -v the ordinary method used with ordinary ? ? care. What he has done others can do, and the colony, whilst congratulating Mr. Kennedy on his success, may reasonable en tertain hopes that oiher agriculturists also, over the largely extended area devoted to wheut, may be at a loss how to harveBt their crop by reason of its greatness. . Sound as Alar^.— In the e^eht of the local company of militia being suddenly called upon to assemble, on the' occasion of a partial or general mobilisation of the military forces of the colony, the following will be the mode of operation :— On receipt from the O.C. 1st I. Regt. of the order or telegram, the O.C.H. Co. 1st I.R. or the senior officer in Albury, will immediately inform the staff col.-sergt., or, in his absence, the junior officer or any one of the N. C. Os. The senior officer will then proceed to the Church of England and violently ring the church bell until relieved (arrangements have been made with the minister that his groom or one of his household should continue the ringing for at least ten minutes). The staff col.-sergt. or the 1st ur 2nd lieut. or warned '' N\C.O. , will ioimediately proceed to (first) the public school master, with whom arrange ments have been riiadp for ringing the bell of the public school, and (second) to the Presby terian Church, with the minister of which church arrangements have been made similar to fchosa it the Church oi England. All three bells will be rung for at least fifteen minutes. On the ''Alarm ' sounding by means of these belb the buglers will put on uniform, and either together or independently, parade the main street, one would turn off at the posfc office, to the right, and march round a block in the vicinity of 'which nearly the whole of the company reside, and the other.will march round a block lo the left, on the .other side of the main street, alarming the few: members of the company whoreside on that side, both will finish their rounds near their own houses, dress as ordered, and assemble with the company at the drill hall. Two members of the company are told off to call upon the two medical officers required to attend the drill hall. After completion of the medical examinations, a report, signed by one of the medical officers, will be at once sent to the adjutant. Medical examinations may be dis pensed with if the order is to concentrate at once (para. 20). When it i3 necessary to re main at the local headquarters for one or more nights, each member of : the company will cause to be procured for hi3 own'nse the necessary blankets. —Arrangements have been made for the supplying of necessary rations. Every officer, N.C.O., and man will entrain with two cooked rations. Wells in ihe Berrigan District — A report from Berrigan runs as follows : — In most instances the raising of tbe precious fluid to the surface requires the ssrvicea of two men and a horse ; but on one of the farms in tha Berrigan district the proprie tors, Messrs. Reynoldson and Russell, have in operation one of the most ingenious con trivances -yet invented for this particular work. The well is 140ft deep— too deep for any dependence to be placed on the lifting power of windmils or other kindred appli ances. Tbe proprietors have, therefore, devised a scheme whereby the labor of one man may be saved. The bucket, of 30 gallons capacity, on reaching the surface is auto matically emptied ;into a tank cf 2500 gallons, from whence a self-regul.'ttin^ valve allows the water to pass into horse troughs 90ft long, so arranged that it is impossible for beasts to damage them in any way. Leading from the horse' troughs are other troughs for sheep, extending a distance of 200ft. ; so that as long as tho frmk is kept supplied stock need never ba without a drink. Iu geuuity does not end at the bucket, for on the rope is fix-id a clack, which on arrival of the bucket at the surface drops into a slot, which takes the weight at ouce, leaving the driver of the horse free to turn the animal round for the purpose of lowering tha bucket again, thereby saving both time and labor. The supply of water is apparently never-failing, for constant baling has never succeeded in reducing tho level of the water, which rises Sffc in the well, by more than between 3ft and 4ft, and as the water is of splendid sub-artesian quality, the owners are to be congratulated. The fact that such good water is got at the depth; stated seems to discount the proba bility of an artesian supply being obtained by boi-ius. The great want of means of water ing horses on the road from Clear Hills, Narrow Plains, and Wangamong to Bemoan, has given rise to an agitation to endeavor to persuade the responsible;- officers to siuk a well at Muinaloug, where a quantity of laud is to bo throwxi onea for occupation shortly. A reserve of about 100 acres is pro posed, aud a leasa could be arranged with the successful drawer of the adjoining b;ock. If some act inn is not takon shortly most of tho wheat east ot Borrigan will go to Oorowa, and tiio Victorian railways will benefit to tho detriment of the colony's revenue. There are a number of well- sinkers in the district now, and if the work was uudertukou promptly good interest would soon bo paid by the in creased traffic on the railway*, independent of tho rental of tho well. Mr. tlnyes. M.L.A., is to be asked to take action iu the matter . 