The Rearing ot Calves. Upon calf rearing, W. C. Rook wood writes in the 'Leader' as follows:— 'Anyone who bas bad muob experience In raising calves lias undoubtedly Been a vast difference In tbem. Home are dainty and need coBxing in order to get tbem to eat. They never seem to be hungry. If tbeBe calves live tbey do not amount to much, and not nnfrequently tbey mope around with no appetite, nntll finally tbey give up tbe ghost entirely. Tbe other 'and more deeirable kind of CBlf (is always hungry. No matter bow often you go it Is always loobing for something to eat, always trying to oatob hold of your olotbing or yourfioger. Unless one is exceptional!; wise, tbls calf Is apt to gel an overfeed ing of mllb, on aooonnt of her vigorous appetite, and bowel troubles ensue. I've got fast such several of tbeBe calves at present and it requires considerable firm nesB to prevent tbem getting more milb tban ie good for them. Tbey seemed so hungry when very little tbat tbe custom ary amount of milb was increased to tbelr benefit, bnt it was mistaken kind ness, for exoeseive looseness of the bowels set in, wbicb was bard to cbrcb. We stioceeded in bringing tbem oot all right, however, on boiled milb In small quanti ties and raw eggs. T would libe to 'ba»w what ie considered to be~tbe best remedy for sconrs, caosed, of course, by indiges tion, usually due to overfeeding. Ii Is quite a nioe malter to deolde just tbe amount of milk In feed a yonop eal'. We use tin bucbels holding 8 quarts each for feeding and intend to feed about 2 quarts at a time; wben tbey bave learned to drihb alone, increase the ?mount gradually; bb they cbu bear ii. Overfeeding Is more Injurious than under feeding, and tbe most important tbiDg Is to avoid feeding loo muob at a time. Tboee accustomed to Shorthorns ar* most apt to err io feeding the little Jerseys. Good B«eet bay ebonld be given as soon as tbe animal will pick at it, and groan d oale and barn, in small quantities, oan be fed to good advantage ?ImoBt from the first.' ? 