^fe and Won, HHHPrGB XXI (Continued). H^HBKr she had been sitting at the ?BH^HM the cross for several minutes, ^^Hj^HTtid, with a sweet smile : ^HJHft [aude, if you look at me in that ^H^flEpn everyone who sees you will HH^Hwi to wondei what is the matter.' HBJ^HeP0 i 1°°^ as though I loved you so ^H^^Sly, mamma ?' ? ^^D^Hvou do indeed, my dear child.' ??^HPnThenT am glad,' I said. 'After HBP*ui the long weary years of yearning, ?P how can I show my love for you p[ enough?' **:-. ' Perhaps I shall require one great proof of your love, Maude. If so, I am sure you will stand the test. And now, my darling, as we have some time before the ' Angelus ' bell rings at midday, tell me your story, all that you .know and remember about your ...y'Se'lf/ ^ ' I told it to her as I have told it in frr*' these columns. I I told her1 how I was driven mad,' and how in my madness I ran away, vowing never in life to look upon i them again. I told her there was '''A only one man in this world whom I '-..should ever like, and that was my cousin, Galahad, even though he had wished me dead. There was no room in my heart for any other. 1 You know, mamma,' I said, ' the love of the St. Neots is 'fixed and fatal.' . [ ' You should not have condemned X, him uiiheard, Maude,' said my dear ?f^*r— rfiblher. :' . ' You would never have condemned him at all, you are too good,' I answered. ' But he loved Lady Maud ! Trent. There was no mistake in the T world about that, mamma. I should think they are married by now.' But my mother did not seem con I vinced. [ ' You should have spoken to him,\ Maude, my darling, before you left,'T ^ she said. ' I do not view his conduct N \ quite in the same light that you do. \ I think he loved you.' 'Oh, mamma!' I cried, while my fe' heart beat and my face flushed, -'.'I ^^^.cannot think so ; it is impossible. 5^ut now we have talked long enough :rif myself, mamma ; I am dying, to Jiear your story from your own lips.' ' You know most of it, Maude.- My ? fate has been a strange one, dear-; but I am sure all has been for the. best. My life has been simply a romance of a black veil.' 1 You had a happy childhood, mamma.' ' My dear Maude, all that your father told you was true. -He was a handsome man when he made love to me, Maude ' — I thought of his face as I had seen it last, fixed in the terrible death-agony, and I shuddered — 'but it was not for that I admired him ; it was for his generous goodness to the church and to my parents. Then, I '-'^ 'think,' added my mother, with a most charming air of candour, ' I really was what the world calls 'in love' with him. But he never told me that he was Earl of St. Neots. Had I known it, I would not have married him, for rank and title had no attractions for me. I think, Maude,' she said, ' that I was very happy for a few months. Your father, my husband — oh, how strange those words seem to me now ! —is dead, and of the dead we must speak no evil. I will say nothing of what I felt, what I suffered, when I found that I had married the man known as 'the reprobate earl.' Nothing could compensate me for- that. I will pass on to the time when I believed you dead. Why the earl treated me so cruelly about you I -. ,? --have never known ; but I think he was angry, jealous, because I loved you — - and did not love him. I can think of no other -inQtive. 'I'..-. 'It was 'a cruel deed — perhaps the most cruel he ever committed: ;Now that I am older and wiser, I cannot '' imagine why, I believed him so p iroplicity. From his manner I ought to have doubted him ; but I never did. I firmly believed you dead. ' Then, when I began to get better, the earl's lawyer came to see me. The earl sent me word that he was tired of' ^ my baby face and whining'ways, and *t~ that he would give anything Tasked ?*'_ him if 1 would go away and never let if him see me .aiain. Well, it was a *?' matter ol indifference to me now that I'believed my child was dead. 1 At first I refused the money ; but Mr. Norton, the lawyer, was a sensible ?^ man. 'I advise you. to take it,' he * said. 'If it is:lelt in the earl's hands, , - he will only spend it in rioting and ?sin ; while, if you take it, think what y good you may do with it j you can devote it. to the service of heaven.' ??; ' So I took the amount offered and y established this place.' '?- '^But, mamma,' I cried, 'now that you have found me, you will go back to the world; you will 'take up your rank and station ; will you not ?' ' 'We will talk' Of .that, dear, child, ,f later on,1 she answered. ' And, in the meantime, keep-- our secret, Maude; let no one have an inkling ol it.' CHAPTER XXII. I though, t no more noble character, than my beautiful mother had ever lived ; but I told her frankly that I considered it would have been better JV had she remained with my father. It Sijij-'- was true that he ill-treated her, but p)|v/...was it not within the ' bounds of jv.^L&bssibility; that, had she not left him, 6;.§'!f^gp. might in time have' beCortie gentler '^['iV-txi-her, and even have been a better 0;r-r%tin? ? ' -;?,.-? i .???.;_. .. The desertion of my father was*the !J,y% -Vbnly matter for which I could blame ^|' -my isolated mother. I could not tell V^i'1 whether she agreed with;.me or -not. 3s '- , She..B,aid little, but she looked^wist v-;: fully at me. . » . t$- '»?'?«' v '''*?- '--- ;? ' It would have been better for you, J [Maude, perhaps* if I had remained withthe earl,' she said. ??i: One morning she pointed^ to the old weather- beaten cross, with'.its clinging ivy and scarlet passion flowers. ? Maude she said, ' do you know why I value that old stone, crass, so highly?' ' - '? '? '?''? ' No,' I answered. 1 1 brought it from Sedgebiook ' she said. ' It stood in the old churchyard there, and I purchased'iK ?' 'I Brought it away with me- for:loVe''.i'cif 'rh& dear old place, and keep.is here, always in sight. I cannot tell ,yf»u how.., I love it. When I was qui'tVa little child, I used to sit at the; foot'-and weave daisy-chains;' and'iny heart told me that her soul was- as '.pure -now as it had been in those-days, '. ? ... One morning I 'went' to' her room to see if she had five minutes' leisure.' My heart was full of something I wanted to discuss with her. How her face brightenedwherrshe saw. me ! 1 Mamma,-! want -to speak to you very seriously, - 1 -said. ' Can you spare five minutes ?l ' Fifty for you, my dear, '''she'., said,'. ' if you want them,.' ? . -' ' ' I sat dpwn-Qn/aCst'ool.-.'at. her feet,; and looked up to her with entreating eyes. ? ?-.?.- -.\/.-. ? ? - \ ' ' Mamma,1 1 'asiced, ' has finding me made any. difference with respect to what you call your vocation.?1 . .. She looked just a little troubled, and then answered: - 'No, I'thiat.:not, Maude?'. '?'I want ycili.Io make a sacrifice for me, mamma,' I said. ' I told you the story of Thy'- will: -For' your sake, so great is the' love I bear you, I will revoke it, and' the money shall be invested for you and for me. You shail take your proper position in the world, yotl' shall be treated as the Countess of St.'Nebts deserves to be treated,' and we will live together in some happy home, .ifyou will say the word. '?? 'Was it a temptation ?' I shall never know. She was silent for some little time, her hand. resting carelessly on my:head. '.''.Do you remember, Maude, what is said of those who put their hands to the plough and then turn back ?' she said then. 'I must not be one of those. Ah, .no,.- my -dear and generous daughter ! This is my life's work ; I must remain here^' ' I must say good-bye to my dream ?' Tasked. . . ; _ ' Yes, dear child. And now, Maude, let us talk of you. Are you very happy here ?' ' Yes, I am very happy,' I replied. She looked at nie wistfully, ' Have you ever thought, dear, that you would like to be a sister ?' she asked. ' No, mamma, darling ; I should like to live' here all my life with you, but I do not teel that I have a vocation.' ? ? ? - ' But there is the future. We must think about your future — ' She stopped abruptly, for Sister Catherine, the portress, stood at the door. ' Mother Etheldreda,1 she said, ' there is a gentleman here asking for you.' Mother Etheldreda, taking a card from her hand, read aloud — 'The Earl of St. Neots.' In silence she looked at me ; but I had no word to say. My mother's face grew deathly pale. ' Does the gentleman ask for me, Sister Catherine?' ' He asked to see the reverend mother,' she replied. ' Say that I will be with him in a. few minutes, sister.' And then we were alone. 1 Maude,' cried my mother,. ' is ;it you, or is it myself, whom he has sought and found?' ' ' How can I say, mamma?' I replied, bewildered. .-- ' The Earl of St. Neots,1 she again read. ' It is like a dream, Maude; I cannot believe my., .eyes. ,.-..- If he has traced you, how' Hal he managed. it? If myself, the mystery is even much greater.1 I could not recollect my thoughts ; my brain was in a. whirl. 'The Earl of St. Neots!' repeated my mother for. the. .third time. ' Oh, Maude, what'are we to do ??' With my senses -reeling, my mind was a blank, how could I advise ?' ' Mamma,' I cried, in desperation, 'do not betray me; do not tell him I. am here.' ? 'My, dearest- Maude,' she said, in a gentle voice, ' I faithfully promise you one thing. I will do what is best for you — trust me implicity. You will wait here for me, my dear,' she added. I shall not be long.' ? And then she went away. I felt that if I remained in the room I should be stifled ; and, going out into the garden, I clasped the old weather- beaten cross, with a sensation that without some support I should fall to the ground. CHAPTER XXIII. I cannot tell- how long I had? knelt by the weather- beaten cross in the convent garden when I heard a light footstep on the -grass. - ...'Maude,' whispered -my mother^ ' look up, dear child. It is true ; he is here- .And, -my darling, it is you he has traced — -you, not me. He does not kriow'me ; and he implores,; you to see him.' ' Never again j' I said—' never again. Did he not wish me dead? Oh, mamma/ how did^he-find me? - :I thought I was quite safe here, hidden, with you.' _ , ? -.. . ' Maude,', she said, ' the cir.cujn stances are so extraordinary that I must believe them to be providential. He. found you, as I found you-throuuh that money. It appearsthst.the fifty pound-.note* I paidfo Mrs. Phillips had his name and your initials on it. She paid it away to a Mr. Benson, a tea broker in the city, and from his hands; ft passed into none. other than those of Mr. Nbrton, who,. seeing the earl's ; name on it, made' inquiries, and found that it came from this very' convent. Naturally he went straight to the earl ; and, without a moment's delay, my dearest Maude, Lord St. Neots hastened hither ; and he has the note with him.' He'has a note-btjok, one he showed me .where he entered all the notes that he paid you, with their .numbers, when he changed a cheque for you-; he remembers every detail. .Oh, Maude, how he loves you !' ' Loves me, mamma!' I cried, in dignantly, when he wished me dead ! He-is going to marry Lady Maud ?Trent- How can I love him ?' ' I told you from the first that per haps you had misjudged him,' said my moiher, gravely, ' and now I am quite sure of it. I do not believe that he ever said so cruel a thing of you, indeed of anyone, in his life. As for marrying Lady Maud Trent, if ever a man loved with his whole heart, he so loves you.' ?' : ' ' 'He does not, he canupt; he wished me dead, and I will never forgive him. Mamma, pray manage it for me, Tell him that it is true I am here,- and that -I wish to remain here all 'my life, that I thank him for calling, but that I .would ? rather not.:., see him. Oh, mamma, do this for me 1' ' ! She bent down and kissed me. 'I will'do just what you ask, niy darling,' She went away,' and niy' head drooped again, but now my brain was clear — I could think. Ah, well, now all was at an end ! Of course, he would berdisgusted when he received my message — would go away, and never seek to see me again. Well, let him go and marry his love. I heard the sound of a door open ing and closing. He was gone, gone for ever, and my mother, of course, was coming back to me. Then a hand gently touched mine, but surely that was not . the light touch of my mother's soft, slender hand 1 This was warm and strong, ? and a voice, that was like no .other voice on earth to me, murmured softly : ' Maude, why did you leave ?' He was there, and my heart went out to him with a great passionate cry. But I had left him, and I never meant to look upon him in this world again. Having buried my love, was I now to be biought face to face with .its ghost?' ' Maude will you neither look at me nor speak to me ? asked the earnest voice. ' I cannot 1' I cried. 'Oh, mother, have you betrayed me ?' Then my mother's loving hands stole round me. She drew me aside into the cloisters, motioning to Galahad to follow. ' Maude, darling, listen to me,' said my mother. ' You were mistaken, he never said those cruel words. It was you he loved all along — you, and no one else-' ' It is true, Maude. Look up, my darling,' Galahad pleaded. When at last my courage came back to me, and I looked up, my mother was gone, and my handsome young lover stood there alone. 'Maude, my darling,' he whispered, ' how could you leave me 1 How could you believe all those foolish cruel words ? You must have seen that I loved you with all my heart.' 'You loved Lady Maud Trent,' I said, my face still hidden. ,' They all said so. Your mother wished her to be your wife.' . :._ ' But,1 he interrupted, ' in marrying I intend to please myself— ^not my mother. Oh, Maude,-do not punish me for the sins of others I Let me 'gaze afthose beautiful eyes of yours — .they have haunted me from the first moment-I saw them. Do you remem ber, dear, when I found you under the cedar- tree crying as though your heart would break ? Look at me, love I You were kinder to me then. . The pain and the fire of jealousy ;were dying away, the music of the voice I loved was beginning to in fluence me. I raised my face and looked at him. How fair he was — eyes lit up with love, his handsome face eager and anxious I That look into my love's eyes sealed my fate. 'You were so cool to me,' I said. 'After Lady Maud Trent, came you had no eyes, no ears, for anyone but her.' 1 Pardon me Maude, that is not true. Lady Maud Trent was a very old friend, so there could never be any question at all of my falling in love with her. I should as soon have thought of falling in love .with one of my own sisters. Could K.y.ou : not see that? With her I was quite at. my ease, while I was just a little afraid of you.' To Be Concluded. ? 