A SOUTH SEA MASSACRE. Natives Capture a Vessel- Captain and Four Seamen Hilled. The Spa Ghost was tho iiamo oE a 1G ton cutter which was recently char tered for tho South Sea Islaud trade. Sho was in ohnrgo of Captain Ivol- shorn, and the other members of her crow consisted of half a dozen natives recruited in the Bismarck Archipelago. A month or so ago the cutter set out from New Britain on a trading cruise. JNIr Tindal, of Shortland Island, was tho charterer, aud ho had fitted the vessel out wit:i tho goods for barter ing with the natives. Tho cutter sailed under tho German tricolor, and Captain KolsMorn, who hailed from tho Fatherland, hud previously been chief officer in tho schooner Welcome. That vessel being lost ho joined the cutter. The Sen Ghost, on leaving her headquarters, mtiilo for tho Ger mau Solomon Islands. These islands lie just off thu British Solomon*-, and wero annexed by Germany a few years ago. The natives are described as n line rave, and of good physique but traders visiting the group are warned to be ou their guard against possible attack, as they are noted for being both cunning and treacherous. Whilst showing a friendly disposition to visitors, tiiey have been known to attack traders' vessels with sudden and remarkable daring, and thcro is a long record of horrible atrocities against them. was at ono of these islands, called Bukn, that the Sea Ghost made her lifst call, and sho had hardly reached anehorago before there was an attack i)ii the crew by the shoro natives. Tho attack wns so sudden that the crew cculd offer no resistance, aud all but twj>, who escaped, fell au easy prey to the hatchets and spears of the savages The particulars of the horrible atrocity wero brought to Sydney on Saturday by tho Island steamer Moresby. The steamer called at New Britain just after the report of the affair was received by tho Ger man oflcials, and tho nows caused quite a lensation. It appears that tho Sua Ghist was coming to an anchor ior traiiug, and Captain Kolshorn was in tie riggincr on the lookout for reefs. 'Jhe unlives, as usual, put off from the shoro m canoes, but in his anxiety to keep the vessel clear of the dangerous reefs tlio Captain had not noticed tkat they wero swarming on board thj cutter. They appeared friendly, lowever, and wanted to trade with copri, which is tho staple pro duct of the group. Captain Kolshorn was descending from the rigging, when tho nttack ,vas made. It was a com plete surpiise for him, and, being uuariued, In had no possible chance of defend tig himself. He fell mortally wojinded ou deck, tho body, so the story goes, being horribly butchered. Four of the crew made a desparato fight, but the odds were considerably against them, and thoy were soon overcome. The other two natives worotnken prisoners, but thoy by somo menus or other managed to escape. Mem while, the vessel hnd been run ashore, anil, having been looted of c'vorrthing of value, she was subsequently dostroyed. The captain's body hnd boon thrown overboard, and the remains ol tho four natives (crew) woro taken to tho villago for a canni balistic feast. A report of tho mas sacre has been sent to tho captain of tho Gorman warship Falke, now in port, and step*, will be taken in duo course to send a punitive expedition lo the island. Buka, the bcoiio of the innssacro, lies eff the north-east end of Bougainville. A meetiug nt. Kempsey last night unanimously oiidorscd Mr Clarke's action in resigning for Mr Barton, it in thought a: Kempsoy that Mr Barton has a safe seat there. An immense specimen of the con ger eel has been caught in Loch I/ong, Scotland. It weighed 1301 be, and measured Gft lO.Vin in length, and 2ft 7in in girth. This in the largest eel which has over boon landed in Scottish waters in tho memory of the oldest fisherman.. "Wheel in your head, uusroused. That's awkward. Not drink f No. Flu Flu, you know -what that is ¥ liiiluouzn, that's not brought on by swallowing a box of dominoes. It's a very severe cold in every part of tho body ; tho treatinoufc is puro, simple and effective. Tiko Woods* Poppormint Cure; it kntcks it out ovory time. Paste this ou tbo kituhou clock. 