BETITfEEM TWO WORLDS. CHAPTER I. x A long spell of ill-hsilth and the worry of certain business affairs had reduced me to a condition of men: al/ and physical pros tration. I had grown so' miserably dyspsp- ' tic and irritable, and suffered so much from insomnia, ' and all manner of consequent nervous aberrations, that my own fears, and mv doctors warnings, prevailed upon me to take a rest and try a change of scene and sound. I emancipated myself from the cares of businc&s;, and escaped from the caged .snarling of the city to the joyous, free roar oi the sea. ? : '. ? ;'n' : ; :;'' ?'.- \- . I -was ? in no humor to e'j-y the amenities of a seaside boarding-bouse, and, was glad, through the kindly offices of a friend, to secure two rooms in a quaint, old cottage which s.tood- by itself off; the road- -that runs above the cl iffs febni Brighton . to Kotti ng dean. The old dame, my landlady,' was. aa 'excellent cook ; I bad books .with me,, and ?painting materials, for 1 was fond of reading and dabbling in art ; and all my surround ings were as pleisant: and as placid as the most ex icting invalid could desire. The prof oucd quiet ude of the place soot hed me as a cool hand tootlics a fevered brow. It allayed the hauiii ing unrest that had troubled me so long ; it seemed, by degree?, utterly to absorb me. I forgot the city and all my anxieties, and drifted there immersed in a vague, dreamful case, without energy to care, or think any more, eiihsr of the past or the future, ; ??-.- ? ' -?-?'?. Then, slowly, I began torecover. Slowly the love of life began to return tome, and within, six weeks 1. was .so far- myself again that I could take losg walks without fatigue, and, discontinuing my invalid habit of going early to bed. would' frequently sifc up over a pipe and a book for a &ood; hour after my hostess had retired for the night. : : ' ' Sitting up thus one Saturday, a very re markable experience happened to me. ?-...... Outside, as I knew, the night was bleak and overcast ; .but within, my little room was cheery with the fire and the lamp light, and 1 lay snugly back in a low, chintz covered arm chair, with my slippered feet ia the fender. I was so taken with the book I wa3 readin?, and everything about: me was so silent, that the sudden fall of .a cinder from the grate sent a startled thrill tingling through 'end through mej- and .almost at the same moment there sounded a 'hurried, muffl d rapping on the do r of the house. Before -I could rtee the summons was re peate 1. There was no knocker on the' door, . and the rapping was soft and tremulcus,.:as of a child's lingers, yet made itself audible with astrange distinctness. . ? ??'?-, . ' ? I cros-ed the room and flung the door open. ' , . In the dark square of the doorway rose the figure of a man, outlined indistinctly against, the black background, but with a face of such ghastly whiteness 'that it' gleamed from the night clear cut in every feature, and as plainly visible as if it had been broad day— a young man, and slightly built. It was apparent, from his agitation and extreme pallor, that he was in di7e dis tress ; but, as if ho had been stricken speech less with- terror, though his lips moved eagerly, no voice issued from them. S.eing leouldnofceomprehend.htm, he wrung his hands, and pointing with frantic gestures made as if he would have me follow him. I am too unimaginative to be a coward; catching something of his excitement, I sieDned across the. threshold and claimed in the direction he indicate J. . I could make 'out dimly the curve of the grey road, through the grass, but no living ereatuTC wa^ anywhere distinguishable, and no noise broke the stillness save the long suree of the outgoing tide at the base of the cliffs. ' I turned to question my visitor, but he was gone. I was alone. The chill air pierced me to ths bone, and sbivering, Ies3 with cold than with a quick frenzy of fear, I drew back into the house and close il the door. The calm, familiar- aspect of my room helped me to compose myself, and my alarm subsiding, ;I was able to- review wlut had; happened, with a rational bias, and. wa3 broughtio the inevitable conclusion that my; health had suffered a serious relapse— in a word, that I had been the victim of an odd hallucination, a 'sort of optical illusion, such, as I had suffered from rather frequently during the later periods of my lecent illness, though' never before Had they been so slartlingly.realistic. . , ? Being too unhinged to settle down again to my book, I went upstairs to bed. B»it throughout that awful night- 1 lay awake, that white, appealing face growing and fading and growing upon me from the dark ness every time I opened my eyes, and when. I closed them the weird, pattering on the door' below echoiog persistently in my ears./ . -; . ./ , ? ? '?...'.--' ''?. ? .. ''. .'.?-;'.?.'?? ?'.[' By the light of next day the whole event seemed so ridiculously unreal that I made no mention of it to anybody. For my own satisfaction I did, as a matter of fact, walk out along the road in the direction indicated by my singular visitor, but I came upon nothing that unsettled my faith in the pathological. interpretation I had given to the incident. : . . ? . CHAPTER -II. , A few weeks' after my return to London I was invited to spend an evening with some friends at Bayswater, and, starting from the city with a full two hours to spare, I decided to make the journey afoot.. . Nothing was farther from my thoughts than my. Brighton experience, when, crossing a busy thoroughfare. in toe West End, I was seized with a sensation of fright and sick ness, and the face I remembered so well flashed suddenly upon my sight. I stood dazed and bswildered ; then, as I regained my self- control, thea miracle ex plained itself. Crossing the road, I had stepped on to the pavement exactly opposite a photographer's shop, and there, occupying a central- position under an electric lamp in the window, was a life-sized presentment of the head and shoulders of the man who had haunted me these many weeks past. I recognised him instantly ; every charac teristic of that face had been minutely im pressed upon my memory, and was here as minutely reproduced. The exactness of it staggered me with instant conviction, and seemed to render the everyday theories with which I had accounted for the apparition absolutely untenable. 'Without conscious volition — almost, as it some unseen influence outside myself had led me there — I found I had entered the shop, and was fronting an urbane assistant across the counter. Rising to the emergency, I proffered a few compliments on the picture exhibited, and he became communicative. The portrait was an enlargement on an improved prin ciple of their oyvn device. Yes, it was un doubtedly an excellent likeness. No, they knew practically nothing of the sitter; it \- was the first time the gentleman bad ever been to them, and he had been uncommonly pleased Avith the result. 'I should think eo,' said I, 'it is per fect.' . , ' The gentleman is a friend of yours, sir ? ' I' replied that he was, and inquired whether they had a. copy of the smaller portrait which they, could sell to me. He was at first dubious, but, yielding to flattery and delicate persuasion, referred to a number on the back of the enlare;ement,and fetched from a nest of shallow drawers a small packet, which proved to contain the original negative and two unmounted print--. 1 selected one of th-*se, and, whilst he was wrapping it up for me, turned the packet over and read with pretended indifference the name and address inscribed on it. Within 20 minutes ot quitting the shop I had made my way to that address. ' Mr Cyril Rodney, sir ?' said the elderly female who answered my knock, ' He don't live here now.' ' Where can I find him— do you know ?' *' I don't, sir.' She went on to intitrate that he had left her suddenly, and without notice ; that, indeed, between her and me, he was wanted on a ciiminal charge, lufc neither the pol:ce nor anybody else could discover a trace of him. -- I asked where I might find any of his relatives. ' He'ain't got none. But,' she said, con fidentially, 'he was engaged to a young lady, name Arran, as lives, with her mother close* by here. They couldn't tell you no more than 1 Iiave, though.' - Nevertheless, I went ou to Mrs Arrari's. She was at home, and alone in the small fiont parlor into which I was conducted. I opened the interviemby producing the photograph and inquiring whether she re cognised it. ' . . ???;???; :?? I saw that she' did.' .: ' ? ' . ' ' ' You are acquainted with Mr Rodney ?,' ? '''' rWas,J^sh» frigidly. corrected. me.- ;? '??? ? ' ? ' Can't you . tell me what has become; of him?' .: ?'? .?? .'.. ? .' ,r7; ' ?'?? ;' ':::-'.:J.t';::':-, ' '?' /':' ' I- cannot.' - ' s : - :. ,: .- ' : Eoreseeing that if I was to elicit .any in formation from her -I must ; :my :;qlf 'play the. first card in the game of confidences, I toH-; her frankly by what -lpysteribus train of cir cumstances I had beeri- diawn upon 'the trail of the missing man. v ' : , ? : fche:ireYnd me with increasing amazement, and when 1 had concluded, ': ' I cannot understand,' she faltered. 'It. seems impossible that — -*?' ^ ' ; 'Bug- it is not impossible, I .'interrupt eel emphaticaLy. 'I have :neyer seen Mr Rcdney, and till to-day' never .eveii . heard his name. Yet, in the way I .have ex plained/ 1 am perfectly: familiar with his appearance. What. 1 have told you is simple, unexaggerated fact, and j want you to' help me to get at; some explanation of , it. I have nb'obiejt beyond that, I. -give1 you my word. .1 have never, believed in such things as ghosts.but ? '; . .. She wa? satisfied of my sincerity, and a3 keenly interested in the 'mystery that 'baffled- me as I was myself. . ' ; . ? '' ? ' I do not even know that Mr Rodney, ik dead,' she began. ' 'J he; truth is, we i :had known him many years, and he was engaged to my daughter.' -??. : : . '??:' . I bowed, and she continued :'— : . ' It is true, as that woman told ypu, he was charged with 'forgery and embezzle ment; bat, for my. part, I could never be lieve him guilty, nor could Marie, eyea, though hs himself confessed to it.' . .-?.'???.' Coming to details, she explained .that some two months previously Rodney had gone away for a week's holiday. li: He-went .to, JBrigh ton,' she' said. ' He arranged to come bacfe ,'bjr ah e^rly train on Sunday morning, and dine_withus; that day. He never came. A ''friend of hi^==r±tiey were both in the same office— Mr Darcy^ called on the Monday evening and saw, me privatrily. He had received an extraordinary letter from Cyril— the police have it now, but1 1 made a copy before they took it.', : She went out of the room and returned^ with her codv. - : ' Dear Tarc3r,' it ran, '1 leave this place to-night: and I hope to be out of England to-moriow. Everybody will know why. in a day or two. I have played the ? fool at the office—got, into money elifficulties and helped; myself. Pelt sure I should be able to put things straight before I was found' out, but find I can't possibly doit. They are bound to discover everything-iri a day ortwo, and I daren't face it. Good-^iye, old man; Don't expect to see any more of me. Break it to Marie. It's awiul to think of never seeing her again. 'Ask her t& forgive me, though I don't cleserve it. Good-bye.— Ever yours, \- - ?'?'?' Cyril Rodney.'' .' This, was posted: from Brighton ?' '''Oil that Bunday night— yes. There was the Brighton postmark on the envelope .' Further, a comparison of dates showed that the. Saturday night on which that letter was written and. the Saturday night on which the apparition had first appeared to me are identical. -; ? ''And what was the forgery ?' 'Well, it seems he obtained access to the cheque book and' tore ;ouc two forms at the end of it. ' He filled in one for £100 and one for £150, and forged his firm s signature to both. There are some 60 'clerks in the office, afid at the bank they? , could not remember who had cashed theui. The roiice believe he had a confedersife. . . .He must have done -it, I -suppose; there seems no doubt of it. And yet I can't think it or him;'- -.?-;,, /V^^^.^' If this was all,. the one clue I had stumbled, upon had led me deeper mto the mystery, but no e earer;to ariy'solution- dfrit. V ;:. ? Mrs -Atran called ;l-er daughter, and, 'de- laying . my depai'turey, I was 'repeating my incredible narrative to her when the servant announced a visitor. r 'Mr Darcy !' .ejaculated Mrs Airan. ' I am so glad he has come. I should like him to see you. He was so fond of poor Cyril, . and has beea so very kind to us since— — ' ? - ' Mr Darcy came in with a- brisk, buoyant step and a graceful inclination of his neat figure. He was a tall, good looking vman, with curled*hair, a military moustache and a mincing, dandified manner. Passing me without notice, he shook hands with Mrs Arran, and more fervently with her daughter. ' This is fortunate. You are rather ea;. lier than we expected, Mr, Darcy,' eaid ihe mother ; adding, as she clirected his attention to me : ' This gentleman has called to ? ' He wheeled round with the politest of smiles, but the moment his glance rested on me a spasm of .-.-ghastly terror struck across his features; He' put his hand out blindly and caught hold'upon the table as if to save himself from falling. Every vestige of color faded from his lip'sj and a deaf and deathlike expression froze horribly on his face. I stared at him aghast, too astounded for the moment either to speak or move. 'Mr Darcy! What is it ?' cried Mrs Arran. 'What is the matter V He turned his white face toward her as a blind man turns toward a sound. His whole form was shaking as with an ague, and swaying into sudden collapse, he dropped to the ground and lay senseless. We were thrown into such : confusion that I cannot clearly recall, what immediately followed. I b3lieve a doctor was sent for. I know we laid him on the couch and ap plied some sort of restorative?, and before the dector arrived — after a lapse of tome 10 minutes, rnaybe— the rigidity of his muscles relaxed. He sighed . once or twice, and opened his eyes. Seeing me, he started again, end shud dered. So far as I knew we were strangers to each other ; yet he seemed to shrink in fear of me.--. Presently, putting a strong control upon himself, he iaid, in t-trained, hoarse whispers : ...-.-? 'So! You have me.. Well— thank heaven it is over.' . I We thought, he ' was delirious. I did, at all events. ;' ?;' ' y ' I knew you would find me,' he went on, an awful excitement struggling up through hi3 weakness. ' If you had been much longer I should have given myself up. You 'know how it all happened ?' , He looked up at me, and the abruptness of his query fairly took my breath away. On the impulse of the moment, thinking it better to humor him, I gave him the reply he evidently expected. ' Yes,' he groaned. ' You know I did it. It's all up with me. But I was driven to it ? I was mad. „. I'd g jt into a terrible diffi cult y, and thought if he was to suddenly disappear they; would naturally blame him instead of me, and then, \ lowering his voice, ?'? I thought that some day she might forget nmi ? ' He paused, fumbling abseatly in his waistcoat pocket, and went on witn a touch of recklessness. ' I knew his haunts at Brighton. ?' We had often been there together. I went down that Saturday afternoon, and he was delighted to see me, I told him I was seedy, and had simply come on a Saturday to Monday trip. /?'. I proposed to walk to Rottingdean. We didn't hurrv ourselves— had supper there. and it was after 10 when we started to walk back. We passed your cotiage — he noticed the light in the window. We left the road, and walked on the grass by the cliff e Ige and stopped,. and stood trying to make out a light at some distance over the sea. '* He looked round cisually — it was pitch dark— no lights anywhere but the one across the water and the one in your window — and scare t me by saying with a laugh, ' What an -ideal place for a murder, Darcy ! A good shriek would just about reach .that cottage and give them fits ' . 'His words frightened me, and at the same time brought all the devil in me up permost. I ha,d a leaded stick with me. We wa? looking away from me at you? cottage, and o:.e blow struck him down — I caught his arm as he fell, and sent him sheer over the Bide of the cliff.' We sat dumb with horror and incredulity. '?I don't think he made any sound,' he went on hastily ; 'yet over and over since lhnn I've dreamt about it and done ifc again, and each time he has shrieked — -I can't eret it out tf my ears— and you have heard him, and come from that accursed cottage, and chass-l ire and had me down, struggling like a wild be ist— until I woke reeking with ?peispiration, and.f und- I had been dream ing. Still, 'if ?! could see your facti so e'early you could -see mine ; and I always knew it was morethan a dre«n— I always knew you were -looking, for hie, and would hunt ms down — especially siri.ee one night, whan 1 couldn't sleep, he came and leaned over me, and you with him, and he pointed ani seemed to say to you, ' This is the man 1' ' '-But his letter ?' gasped Mrs Amn. ; ,..-- 'A forgery — easier than the of her two I put off on. him. I took the letter down ready addressed to myself, and posted' it at Briehtori.' While he was speaking he carried some thing from bis pocket to his. lips, and I wa4 conscious of- a thirj, sickly odor tainting the air.- . ' ?:. ?-. ... .-. .-;?-%. ; : ???.??: 'There !; I was preparcel for you— you see.': ;..;- ;- ';-'?;:,. '.V '';.'''? He tossed a small, empty vial from him wit h an. ironical chuckle. ' Send for the police as stoa as .you like ; I shall have gone before they come.' — -Globe Democrat. 