A Midshipman's Romance Published by Steoial Abeanoskisnt. ,' ' , By m. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of "The Wrock of -the Grosvenor," The Golden Hope," "The Death" Ship,' "The Frozen Pirate," "An Ocean Tragedy," "A- Sea Queen," "My Danish- - ; Sweetheart," "Tho Good Ship Mohock," "Alone on a Wide, Wido Sea," "Tho Talo of the Ton," &o.;, &o.; . 1 CorvitiQHT. . GHATTEK XniL The Quahter Bo.wr. 1> "WAS wearied in \- | SijJIsp liniban,dprofound- ly movied in spirit, pA, A but I was not sleepy. I was ' %l A overwhelmed by j if 'v the spectacle of t-'Tte'y ocean desolation, i-ff | The solitude was fjj /| made infinite by the far-reaching stars, and by the smoking look of the dusk at tlie horizon, and by the in numerable murmur of waters aboiit tho reefs, and by that pallid vision of wreck which did indeed show in that light like tho very ghost of the Glendower. . All sorts of strange sounds broke from ' the birds sleeping about the island. But the land crab crawled on the white sand, and bis march was silent, unless a number fell foul, and thon you could hoar the grinding over one another's hacks. There would he no nooon till lato. I saw; no motion in the nacn near the hoat, and those in the boat lay still. Though our needs were common, and the distress of every man- ;as great as another's, yet already, extraordinary . to relate, our shipwrecked party had formed themselves into two colonics, and each one viewed the other . with distrust. I quite clearly saw- that the men did uot moan to include me in any scheme they had projected, and thus I judged that they looked upori. me as an enemy, one to bo watched and -to he kept off. Human passion is the same, whether in the populous city or oii tlie , barren reef. I have heonil of two men who were cast away upon a 'little island. They had nobody to speak to hut each other. So keen was the.senso of their desperate condition that, like Crusoe, they would wring their hands in the misery of their hearts?, and gaze with the looks of madmen at that hrain- swolling breast of sea, which swept measureless into tho sky all round them, , yet was never once broken by a sail. But these two could not agree. They « fell into arguments about eternity, lost their tempers, and decided upon separat- ing. So one man went . to live upon the other side of the island, where : he was hidden from his mate by intcr- ' vening hummocks and hilly ranges. Bays passed, months passed. A ship ! hove into sight, drew close, and sent a ' hoat ashore for water. They took aboard the living skeleton of a man who could scarcely speak. Ho appeared to have lost the knowledge of words. When they had hoisted him over the side ho .-.was heard to mutter : 'Tlioro is another.' On which the boat returned I to the island, and the sailors hallooed and searched, and arriving on the eastern side they found tho remains of a man i lying in rags, with his skull resting upon his skeleton wrist. Such is human i nature. The stars wheeled .and . ilashetb A i ' little air would bome in fttfol dusky j moans out of the sea. I peeped into the . .-tent, and saw that Belle was asleep. I Then squatting afresh I folded my arms, , and dropped1 off into an uneasy 1 doze. I was startled by what I believed tho sound of thunder or the report of a gun. ; But I did not need this to awaken', ine, for probably alarmed by tho noise, tho monkey, that had boon sleeping by lny side, sprang upon my knees, aud i jumped to my feet in consternation, . throwing the alarming brute away. , . What could it have been? I stared all round tlie sea, hut saw not the least wink of .lightning; there was; not a cloud in tho sky; I explored tho dusky surface of tho deep with my eyes in search of a ship, but nothing ; was visible. Whatovor the nqisc might have been, it had hot disturbed tho sleepers near the boat and in it, and Belle continued to sleep. I made up my mind to consider, .that . it had been a littlo shock of earthquake, and then squatted afresh and dozed as ; boforc. Some time between five and six tho dawn broke, and I was then awake, and waiting for it. The flash of the sun was the revelation ' of a . day of high splendour and tropio pence. I looked eagerly round the sea, until my eyes going to the stem of the wreck I started. I understood at once the cause of that strango midnight noise. The wreck had slipped some fcejb off the rock, depressing -tho stern and lifting tho brass rail at the break ' of the .poop, above the water line. The cabin win dows flashed, stars of the sun burnt in the brasswork, the dock was, no longo'r aii abrupt steep, and I stood for , sumo' minutes gazing thoughtfully at ' tho boats which continued to hang , in the davits. ! ' , , One body only had borne aslioie in the night. It lay on tho left .'aboiit two hundred yards distant from whero tho hoy and the boatswain rested under, tho pall of sailcloth. More cargo had floated on the beach during those hours of darkness. I noticed a number of piano forte cases, and largo white boxes marked with a cross and tho letter:"!!," of the contents of which I was ignorant. Tho moment the sun rose all the birds on the two islands, with a few excep tions, flow up into tho air with an extraordinary noise. The vibrant sound was like the note of a gong'falling down revorbcrant from the brassy morniug sky in tho middle of tlie heavens. Tho monkey was filled with horror, and fled as before in all directions. It truly seemed as though he was going through a part, for when the birds, having reached a certain height, divided into two clouds, the creature squuttod down and watched them sail away with the most mournful hangdog expression you could imagine. Whilst 1 stood looking at tho wrock a hand was lightly laid upon my shoulder. It was Belle. A womau in her stays is not considered to ho dressed, hut had this girl boon flounced out in a morning gown of the loveliest pattern at the sweetest prico, I should not have found her prettier. I liked the exhibi tion of her well turned little feet under her short petticoats. One saw how well made she was, too; thero was no pad ding, no stuffing, no wadding ; all was beauty, and nature, and love. Her hair was as dry as liay. The light of the morning was in her eyes, and the fresh ness of its rose was on her cheeks. She told mo she had slopt soundly. I pointed to the wreck und hade her observe how the after part had settled down by the stern. ' How long are we going to remain, Walter ? And what is your scheme if the men should abandon us '? ' As she asked this question, tho figures lying near the hoat stirred, shed their piece of sailcloth each man as though he had belonged to some kingdom of gigan tic grubs,, theu thoy rose, straining their arms and yawning. The others in the boat . came out, und the seven men stood around her, carofully looking about thorn. I forebore to answer- Belle's question whilst 1 watched' them. I then told her to go and- sit in the tent, as the less tho sailors saw of her tho hotter, and putting on an easy, lounging air I walked ovov to the men. They looked uncommonly shaggy and sully and bloodshot in the piercing light,- and shifted uneasily ; two or .three of thorn, even turning their hacks as I advanced. I sang out cheerily, ' Good morning, my lads.' ' Good- morning,' one or two answered. ' I've come for sqmo breakfast. Do you notice the wreck ?' ' Ay, sho's settled a hit,' one man replied. . 'Are you going to leave this reef to-day ?' said I. ' No,' said the man who had last spoken. ' Yon don't mind giving me and the lady a chance for our lives?' said I. At this those who had their hacks upon mo turned, and thoy all stared. ' Why do you ask that question. ?' said one of them. ' Thero are two boats loft aboard that wreck,' said I, 'and I should ho very much obliged if you would put me aboard in your boat, and help me to bring that quarter hoat thero ashore.' After a pause, whioli marked, I thought, some surprise and confusion in tho men, one of them said: 'Oh, yes, we'll put you aboard, and help you to lower that boat. We'll do.it after we've had some breakfast. That'll ho to under stand by so doing that you und us can shift for ourselvos.' ' All right,' I said, and with all the coolness I could summon I walked to the wine oases and other cases, and took what I wanted and walked slowly towards the tent. I oould hear the 'men buzzing in talk. It was now certain..;it had ..been, their intention "W' give us the slip'; thank God tbfit the wreck still remained to yield me, a boat, ,or our . plight must .-have meant death. As Ahird mate. -of the vessel I had no particular know ledge, ofthe commodities she carried. I had not helped to stow her.' As I 'hare sjtid, I was .simply a senior mid shipman, in receipt, of a pound a month for looking after tlie other midshipmen, and niokhamed ' ' third mate.' Was it known- to . these 'men; or suspected by them'; that the ship was carrying specie, and that somo of it in boxes might wash 'up? They would consider one box good booty, very well worth waiting for — it might - contain-- va thousand sovereigns. I could' not bit' think that in estranging themselves froth me they had. some hope of motive larger than might; be ."explained .by .the .valuables and money they had . met- with in the passengers' baggage. . . Deeply musing, I entered the tent with my. arms full of . drink and food, and found Belle sitting in liov canvas bed laughin'g at the monkey; in fact, a merry laiiglr broke! .from her as I entered. ... ' I. am; certain he has been, an actor,' she exclaimed, getting up, and then, with a swift chunge to gravity, she said : ' Have you spoken to the men ?' 'Yes.' ' Are they brutal ?' 'I am going with them after thoy have breakfasted to get one of the boats from the wreck; we will water and provision" her. and sail away at onco.' 'At once!' she cried. She was startled, and, looking down at horself, said : ' Walter, cannot you find mo a dress ?' 'I will see to that,' I answered. ' Let us now get some breakfast.' I had unconsciously brought away some champagne. I had thought it was Burgundy. It foamed pleasantly, but tasted strangely in the tin out of which we drank it. Belle was thirsty and hungry, and so was I, and so was tho monkey. Wo had cold water at hand for the monkoy, and wo made as hearty a meal as though our dangers wore at an end, and all was well with us. She asked mo where I should steer the boat to, and I answered that I should probably try for Pernainbuco, hut I was afraid that wo should have to go away without a compass. ' mtliat ease, said JL, 'the lurther we draw from these reefs the bigger will grow our cliancc of hoing rescued.' Tho men were eating and drinking near their bout. The picture, despite tho splendour of the morning, was full of forlornness. It was sad to see the bodies lying upon tho boach of the other island, and to know that they must remain unhuried. This flushed me with a "y resolution to dig a hole with a stretcher to put little Boyton's remains in whilst the men breakfasted, but being without a cap, and, observing that the head of' the fignre that had come ashore- during the night was covered, I went down to it. It was Curling. He lay on his back, and his face stared up at. the sky. He had probably been drowned some time before he -was washed ashore, and his struggle had heon an easy one. He' had mot . death with , a smile, and the spirit I had noticed in hint at tho last still seemed te bo visible in his counten ance. I used to laugh at him for his religious convictions and efforts, yet could not hut nbw think, as I looked down upon him, that ho hud done well to lead an honest life and to live both in the fear and the love of God. I took his cap from, his head and put it on mine. I also removed' his gold watch aud silver chain, with the intention of giving thorn up to his people, should I he preserved. With a shudder of loathing I knocked' away some ; land crabs which were creeping about him, and went to the piece of canvass .under which lay the other two bodies. I lifted a corner, but — oh, my God ! what did 1 seo ? I shrieked like a girl. Never before nor since did I receive so violent a shock. Tho faces of both boy and man had been denuded ontirely ' of flesh by the crabs. Two grinning skulls roposed side by side,' and one of them was that of a littlo gentleman, ono who had been a romantic dreamer, a poet in heart, with the firo of genius iu his spirit. I could uot leave, him to lie like that, however' it must go with tho others, nud sick of soul I went to work with my stretcher. I could have plied no clumsior contriv ance tto dig a .grave in the sand. I ma'do a hole, but with infinite labour, for the stretcher throw up more spoon fuls, and tho silver sand was liko water, and streamed down as fast as I flung it out. At last I dug a . grave big enough to receive this poor little boy, and then I fetched his body and' laid him in his tomb. I covered . him quickly, for tho sight would have conquered a stronger 6pirit than mino, and when lie was hidden I pulled off 'my cap, and knelt down and said a short prayer. The men had finished their breakfast, and thoy had unshipped the ; awning of the boat, and one was now shouting to ine tocomonloflg,ns they wore .all ready. I lifted iny arm. in motion of assent. Belle . stood in. tho door of , tho tiint.- r:. 'j. '- . ' Where are you going ?' eho asked. ' To the wreck for a boat.' ' I shall be left aiphe.' - 'I skill not .be long gone;' said I; But sho was white and speechless as I , passed on. It was' no 'part of ihy scheme, however,' to irritate tho men by .keeping them waiting. I. was sure it would ho all right with .her, and walked bflSkljj tb tho boat; . 1 Thoy scorned im patient,' mid .when I was come the seven of ihem grasped the gunwales and drove the boat, afloat. .. .1 waded - after them and oKinbiid Into.; lieiC Three iof the men Waded ashore, and tliis'i Hid not foreseen! . it iuado ine very uneasy tb think of Belle, for oven, an hour alone with three oLthose seven rascals. How ever I composed my face; and consoled myself with reflecting .that in every thing that relates , to the sea, a great deW.ihust hqleft to bhanco. . . ; ' I'sat ,'in the 'sterh- siieets, and would not even look bohind me, lest tho moii should thitik I was suspicious Of their shipmates. / Tlio . four .'sailors throw their oars over, and we 'proceeded Very cautiously. . Thoy had not shipped a l'Udder; find tftfey etoored with their oars.'. I ventured, to sity : to be oonmnllkd.'l " V'' . . " 