MELBOURNE, TUESDAY, 13th September, 1898. The women of Victoria will doubtless know how to appreciate the Conservative doctrine that all the coarseness and quar relling in the New Zealand Parliament are due to the demoralisation of the female vote. In plain terms, the Tory organ de clares tlmt women's votes fill Parliament with blackguards— that is, with the natu ral enemies of women. Tho New Zealand Parliament, we are assured, used to be a highly respectable and honorable House. But that was before the days when the decadent female voter came on the scene. Now the New Zealand Parliament, it is said, is the shocking example of the colo nies. One man in that terrible woman- made House has actually called another "a coward." Another described his neigh bor as "a liar." A third hinted something about a brother member being a friend of "Tottie." In short, for "Parliamentary "degradation" and "ill-mannered brawl the New Zealand House of Repre sentatives, owing to tho degrading influ ence of tho woman's vote, is the standing ' disgrace of Australasian Parliaments. That is the manner in which Sydney: Smith's Conservative' Noodle in Victoria' writes modern history. Apart from tlie entire distortion of the facts as they exist, the imputation on the women in New Zea land is certainly not easily beaten for grossness of insult. We are told that the advocates of the female franchise used to predict that woman's influence would purify Parliament of some at least of its grossness, instead of which women in New Zealand have chosen to pack Parliament with "brawlers.", And the Duchess of Devonshire is quoted as specially showing that women approve of bad language and a low type of debauched politician be cause that lady canvassed for Fox and excused Jack Wilkes for swearing. Of course this wild tirade against the female sex is apropos of the great deputation of women to the Legislative Council asking that the voice of the country should be respected in granting the franchise to the women of Victoria. Tho native black- guardism which the "beautiful duchess" evinced in England, and which the New Zealand ladies have infused into the New Zealand Parliament, will be spawned upon an immaculate Victorian Parliament if we give women any chance to work her de- moralising influence here. That is tho doc- trine of Noodledom afflicted with a more than customary attack of reactionary spasms.: In tho 'first place it is 'not in the least' true that the New Zealand Parliament is decadent. There was indeed voluminous evidence put on tho file tlmt, not only were the polling booths so orderly that the most sensitive ladies recorded tlieir votes with out annoyance, but that Hie trend of the voting went distinctly for the cause of sobriety nud good manners. It is quite true tlmt the Conservative Opposition, having gained some additional strength at tlie late general elections, notified tlio Go vernment tlniL tlicy meant ( to give Minis ters a more sultry time, and that political quarrels lmvo of late been more frequent and bitter. But the wholesale aspersions on the New Zealand Parliament arc as false as they are foolish, which is saying a . good deal. Besides, the present House of Assembly in South Australia is the second elected under the female vote, and where is the complaint concerning it? On the contrary, the testimony from Adelaide is tlmt women have given a distinctly' better tone to tho hustings and to the polls. If we look at Parliaments eleeted by men alone, what do we see, all the world over? lu Victoria we lmve seen an lion, member hurling a book at tlie head oi another; we lmve heard threats of corporal -chastisement twenty, times; we have heard members call one another "em's," "cow- "ards"' nnd "rats," and we even recollect Conservative hints at assassination. In tlie niau-mudc Parliaments, of New South Wales we lmve seen members shrieking defiance in one another's faces; in tlie Aus trian Parliament members literally rushed at eaeli other's throats and tore speakers from the Tribune; in tlie French Chamber, also the creation of men, every epithet from "thief" to "assassin" has been, used iu times of excitement. Even in the British House of Commons, a few years ago, in the very presence of Mr. Gladstone, mem bers knocked each other down und spat, hissed and shouted in the language of bar gees. And then, if we go across tlie Atlan tic, where tlie Senate is free from tlio sus picion of woman's influence, except in the cases. of three or four small States, we have multitudes of instances which , can eclipse those of New Zealand. Such are the obvious retorts which the Tory attack on women is likely to provoke. Nearly all the Parliamentary quarrels of the world have been enacted in Parlia ments elected by men. Jack Wilkes him self was elected by tumultuous male electors long before the Reformed Parlia ment. Robespierre, Danton and Boulanger were all the elect of male voters, where woman had no voice. In fact, nineteen- twentieths of the Parliamentary scum of the world being the choice of men, it is veriest political idiocy to point to a few violent scenes in the present New Zealand Parliament as an evidence that women's votes are directed to return Parliamentary debauchees or ruffians. Do the people of Wyoming say that woman's suffrage has lowered the political tone? On the contrary, their State Legis lature, five years ago, ordered a statement to he sent to every State in tho American Union that it "has largely aided in banish ing crime, pauperism and vice from the "State, and that without any violence or "oppressive legislation ; that it has secured "peaceful and orderly elections, good go- "vernment and a remarkable degree of "civilisation and public order; and we "point with pride to the facts that after "nearly twenty- five years of Woman's "Suffrage not one county in Wyoming "has a poor-house; that our gaols are al- "most empty, and crime, except that com- "mitted by strangers in the State, almost "unknown; and as the result of experience "we urge every civilised community on "earth to enfranchise its women without "delay."'" It is quite unnecessary to con- clude that merely 'conferring the right of 'voting on women '' will suddenly ' bring about any political Eden. But what a dif- ferent picture 'is this drawn by the Legis lature of a State whose women have voted for 'a quarter of a century, from the mon strous libel of our 'Tory Press that the natural tendency of women in politics is towards "brawling," "bad manners" and "Parliamentary degradation." After the first cry of horror and revenge that must follow an outrage so abomin able, as the cold-blooded murder of the harmless Empress of Austria, a society tlmt produced- tho monstrous crime must pause to aslc the cause of such villainy. Europe has been accustomed to a resort to violence by the, oppressed, who have no 'alternative to submission except tlie pro test of the despairing deed. To declare a war to tlie' knifo against the representa tives of a system which openly rests, on force, and challenges its opponents to n duel, is not necessarily a crime in the eyes of the law-abiding who have leai- nt respect for nn authority more or loss based on the popular will. England itself is now the only country in Europe free from the sort of "Anarchism" that has once more reared its head on the shores of the beautiful lake associated with the names of Voltaire and Rousseau. Ror tlmt very reason a sympa thy, 'unintelligible , to .foreigners! lias, al-j ways been shown 1 In tlie coiuitry :"whefe' "Erecdom-brondeusislqwly down from pre!' "cedent to precedent" , for rebels who'have' taken the law iutq„thpir, own hands. The, first people to behead a king could lmrdfy maintain that a resort to violence was never justifiable. In the days when the draymen of Bavclny nnd Perkins chased the Austrian General Hnynnu, tho woman- floggei-, through London streets, the- exiles wlio! conspired 'nguinst the autocracies of thdiij jiialive countries were popular .heroes. Kossuth land liMiizzini, and. oven- Eelicc Orsini,' tlio .first 'bomb-thrower, lmd nume rous supporters 111 the highest places, ns to-day have the Russian Terrorists, mis called Nihilists, who, despairing of any approach to free institutions in the do minions of the "NVliito Czar, nnd maddened by awful punishments inflicted on re formers of the mildest type, commenced twenty years ago a systematic attempt to force changes 011 their Government by in timidation. But nil these modern- imita tors of William Tell nnd John Hampden luul some method in their madness. They lmd definite grievances, they attacked -per sons they honcsLly, if mistakenly, held re sponsible for their wrongs, and their mo tives wero intelligible to ordinary Iranian beings. All reasoning persons know that lo dynamite a Czar because tho Russian bureaucracy, is corrupt is not a much more hopeful proceeding than would be the lynching of tlie Government Meteorologist because there was had weather. We know that the ills tlmt kings enn make or laws can euro are comparatively few, nnd that ail iron law against which explosives are powerless condemns eaeli country to grow slowly into civil and economic freedom. But when we know that a Russian student lias been sent to tlie Siberian mines for life because a copy, of J. S. Mill's "Politi- "fill Economy7', wits-found in his posses sion, wo do .moti'wonder that there are Terrorists , plotting 'against Slav despo tism.' " I "1 !-".! . . But tlio Ravnchols and Luechouis can find no apologists except their handful of fcllqw monsters. They affect lo represent a political principle, nnd until they were forcibly excluded from the meetings and congresses of the Social Democrats, endea vored to claim identity with' tlie large party which has sot itself to revolutionise the industrial system by a laborious pro paganda' amongst the working class .of France and Germany, and the building up of a political organisation to enable tlie producer to borrow tlie Grand Monarquc's phrase, nnd say, "The Stnte — it is I." Now they contend that they are co-workers with tlie philosophical Anarchists who would dissolve tho State into self-govern ing communes and reduce compulsory co operation to a minimum. Here they claim the authority of such great names as Her bert Spencer, Leo Tolstoi, Pierre Kropot- kin and others whose attainments coin- maud universal respect if their theories as to tho iniquities of State interference at tract fewer supporters ns each year passes. But, in point of fact, they have nothing in common with such men. Tlio alrocity- liiongers, 011 tlie most charitable view, may be actual maniacs, men so filled with hor ror and despair at the seemingly insoluble problem of human misery that their minds are unhinged, and obsessed with the one idea of striking some sensational blow at the existing order, confident that nothing can be worse.' On this view they arc so many mad dogs in the shape of men. But the purposelessness of most of their achievements, tlio insane exultation at tlie notoriety their crimes bring to them be fore these are expiated, the callous indifTcr- enee they display towards all tho appeals of emotion and reason, make them much more dangerous than any other kind of maniac. With no sense of moral responsi bility, .with 110 Iranian ties, the one thing that seems clear to tliem is that their lives are not worth keeping. Since they have 110" organisation, it is impossible to suppress it. Any individual neurotic with this liomicidnl mania, as anxious to lose his own life as any Mahometan fanatic, may cfl'cct one of those motiveless crimes. The sensation they create seems to inspire imi tation, and it will be found that Lucchcni was roused to emulate the example of the murderers of tlie French President and tlie Spanish Premier. lie seems to liave carcd- nothihg, whether, tlio object of his attack were in any way an appropriate victim or otherwise, so long as it was in so dis tinguished a position that the murder should startle the world. The degeneration that fills these crimi nals with a desire to make their names infamous would appear to he confined to tho Southern races. But' there ar-c in stances that show, without any .suspicion of political motive, that a somewhat simi lar megalomania — a craving to demonstrate the power of the individual ns opposed to the society lxnndcd against him — litis its victims nearer home. Tho undiscovered imbecile who placed an amateur bomb near the house of an unoffending private citizen in Fitzroy a few weeks ago may be chuck ling yet at tlie sensation ho created. The even niore contemptible creature who, in Bendigo, finds delight in playing the ghost to scare out of their wits persons who can not have caused liim any hurt, has much of tho mental abnormality of the wretches who commit crimes graver in their cfl'cct, hut scarcely more reprehensible. The dif ference is shown in the attitude of the communities of colder blood and cooler brain. In Bendigo that attitude is symbo lised by a charge of small shot; amongst the native horn Americans it is manifested by the tribunals of Judge Lynch. Iu Italy, Spain! and . Southern France tlio "Anar- i"cTiist"Tinds imitators who regard him as a;_nflnrtyr,. or. sympathisers, ready to find an _exeuse, if . not a justification, who ex- f eiiuato suclY horrors us being merely poli tical' criihes. Society has no protection against these monsters of aberration any more than against other cunning homici dal maniacs. All it can do is to prevent any sympathy, for them, and it is demon strated that this sympathy diminishes in proportion to the general knowledge that there is equitable redress for all wrongs, and that the officials of Government are the instruments, and not the deficrs, of the popular will. Just as a general diffu sion of comfort is the best security for pi'operty, so is a general diffusion of power the best security against revolt. Whatever tho depth and sincerity of his sorrow for the immediate victims of these diabolical outrages, the philosopher , must feel that the cause of Freedom is the greatest suf ferer. For each crime, as tho ill-concealed exultation of the foes of liberty shows, is but an excellent excuse for continuing tbe despotism which makes the conditions favorable for tlie growth of stupidity, crime, despair and murderous insanity. 