THE TESTIMONY OF ESTHER SANDYS. BT KOMA WHITE. CHAPTER I. [Copyright.] There 1b in Low FurneBB a Tillage built on the margin of a tarn. The cottages are old and grey, with rounded chimney-slacks and outer staircases of worn, mossy stone; toll reeds belt the water, and yellow (lowers, in their season, bloBsom among the grceu. The hamlet is lapped in sloping clover Helds and deep,cool hazel copsts; on the eastern aide a foil, overgrown with bracken and sprinkled with sheep and limestone boulders, divides it from an arm of the Bea. To this village — LittleTarnBideis its name— the mornings and evenings of summer come in dew and perfume, and with song of birds. The smell of the waves never reaches it, but storm brings the wailing of the sea gulls and the white glint of their restleBS wings among the clouds. . Frosty autumn twilight woos the lonely Anting of the robin ; and spring dawnB echo to the whistle of the thrush. A certain April day, in the year 17B9, broke with sparkle and fragrance over the ferny moor. The Boating mists of night rose from the glittering surface of the tarn: and the larks sprang upwards on all sides from the pastures. Dowu the struggling road of the village boys and girls began to pass in groups; the former clad in their Sunday suits of fustian, the latter wearing red cloaks and either high white caps or spread ing hats. These children moved towards the Church which stood at ono end of the tarn, half hidden by trees of cypress and yew. Among the moving figures was that of an old man with rosy puckered face, thiu hair and irresolute lips; he was accompanied by a young girl, fresh, ulim, and upright as a growing birch tree, whose appearance at tracted some attention Xrom the villagers as ' she passed among them. A. group of children, who fought over a kitten upon a dour step, desisted from their play to gaze at this girl. From gazir? they took to painting, and a whisper ran through their ranks, bursts of childish laughter ac companying it. The girl heard, and flushed deeply; but she threw up her small chin in deBanco of the pointing lingers, ;.nd marched on without altering her pace. The old man turned, Bhook both his head and his stick at the children, and then hurried after Mb com panion. Tiie Vicar of Little Tarnside, who satin the window of the Parsonage, pushed open -?? the casement, and leant out. Overhearing what it wasthat passed from mouth to mouth he vanished from the window, only to re appear, with lowering brows and flourishing cane at the door. At the sight of the parson's stick the children scattered like rabbits: for in those days offenders were summarily dealt with by their village pastor, who was a tine specimen oE the 'Church Militant. When the small sinners had dispersed, the Vicar smoothed his brows, took off the weaver's apron which he wore, and returned into the house. ' What's to do 7' asked his wife. ' Those ill-mannered brats are scoffing at Esther Jupp again.' ' Aye, they've picked up the story that she's a tine gentleman's child, I suppose. I wonder how much truth there is in that, Matthew ?' ' There's no telling, Mary. It's— let me see— how many years since Jerrv came here ?' ' It 'II bo seven come Michaelmas. Esther was a bit of a lasBie then. It was queer that the tale should follow them up from Ljm scot.' 'There's something about Esther that isn't like the other village girls. Maybe that's how it arose. But Jerry is very short to any one who asks questions.' ' Well, it's his business, and no one else's, I suppose. Is he going to be continued with the children to-day ?' ' Ves. Ho told me a week ago that he quite understood now confirmation was something more than the charm against smallpox, or ghosts.' ' Do you walk all the way to Overstone?' ' Aye, as soon as I have raid prayers here.' The day waB Thursday, when nearly all the inhabitants of Little Tarnside carried I heir farm produce to Overstone. the nearest mar ket town. The Bishop had signified his in tention of holding a confirmation there on thiB particular Thursday; and the Vicar of Little Tarnside had requested his own candi dates to meet in their parish church before they wore formed into procession for the walk to Overstone. OtherB besides the candidates weie gather ing for service; and many of the worshippers carried baskets of butter and eggs. It was customary for the congregation to wait about the churchyard until the bell ceased its tinkle, and then to muster in two thick lines on either eide the path.and allow their Vicar to march solemnly between the doublebarr elled company thus formed. He was always the tirst to enter (he church, and the entire assembly trooped in his wake, after which he walked up to tho reading-desk, and donned his full wbito surplice in their sight lie was a littlo late this morning, and the interchange of gossip was brisk among his patient flock. The girl called Esther Jupp sat down on one of the decaying to.nb-slones. and lifted her eyes to where the lower of the Church stood out clear, square, and weather stained against the sky. As she sat there a young farmer came into the churchyard with a little important bustle, fie was stout and red cheeked, weiring a brown coat and buff legg ings, and lie flicked a whip about Iub calvus and ankles as he passed through the graves. This young farmer paused aud: watched Esther in silence. Then his glance travelled ' on to the old man, whom lie regarded for a few moments with a. mixture of toleration and contempt. Jerry Jupp was returning tho gaze furtively, his face wrinkled up into harrassedand uueasy puckers; his withered handB too trembled visibly as the other strode ucroBS tho gravel path of the churchyard, and took up his position by Esther's side. ' Good day, Esthlei' ' Good day, MeathcrPhizacklea,' she res ponded briefly. 'Good day, Jerry.'' ' Good day, sir,' said Jerry, tremulously, the uneasiness on bis face increasing every moment, as Farmer Phizaokleit stroked his ' chin meditatively and fixed his round oyes on Esther's clustering hair; ] ' Fine -weather for th' lambs, eh, Jerry ?' : ' I won't contradick ye theer,' Jerry ' agreed mildly, leaning on his stick, and lett- , ing his glance travel over the flat tombstone | on which Eatber sat. She herself had turned awaytiom them both, flushod and petulant. ' Shu did not like Josiah Phizoculca, and sho wiBlied that he would go away. { The farmer, however, had.no intention of leaving them, lie had wooed Esther in this fashion, Sunday after Sunday, uud liin couit- ' ship had become to him as much a habit as his evening pipe.' He drew a long breath, and perpetrated tho most original suggestion that, nt the moment, occurred to him. ? ' Will ye ride i' my cart t' Overstone ? ' lie asked, pointing with his whip to where his horse Blood patiently at the churchyard gate. ' It's a goodish step for a lile body like ye,' Esther shrank nearer to her grandfather, and Bhook her head. ' I'd rayder walk wi' Grandad,' she said with somo confusion. The young farmer regarded her for a mo mont with his brood smile of toleration and amusement. ' llayder this, ray dor that,' ho said at last, not ill- tcmporedly, ' lassies are on common free wi' their ' rayders ' i' these days. Art too fine to ride wi' t' cabbages, Ksthie 7 ' ' Aye,' she answered shortly. ' Whist, lassie, whipt,' put in Jerry, ' it's a favour o' Mesther Phizacklea t' ax thee.' 'I care nowt lor 'ii favours,'' she said, with BOme petulance, ' I'm ha' nowt to do wi' him.' Her hand hid crtpt under Jerry's arm, and the old man patted the small brown fingers tenderly, even while ho turned to Josiah Phissacklea with a. mixture of entreuty and apology. ' She means nowt,' he said gently. ' she's nobbut a lassie.' ' Aye, an1 lliuo's nobbut an owd simple,' responded JoBiah, with some meaniug in bis tones, «? or thoo'd tell her to get i' t' cart wi' out such a to-do. ' It's ill quarrellin' wi' them as carries these sort o' things i' their weskit pockets.'' He put his linger and thumb into the little pocket of bis waistcoat, and drew out a crumbled piece of paper, which be held out to the old man. Jerry's trouble had deepened visibly during the altercation. He had kept patting Esther's hand soothingly, and now be answered with a certain tremulous dig nity. ' I know wcel enough I'm i ' thy debt, Mestber Pbizucklea. Thou'sc ha' thy money Boon as I cauiaiseit. We'se say no uiore about them tbiuga i' t' churchyard an' afore t' little wench.' ' T' little - wench an' t' churchyard bo danged!' said Josiah, ' t' littlo wench ha' heerd plenty o' talk about thy debts, I reck od, and 'twon't do no harm to t' corpses. See thee, Esthio Jupp,' he continued, good naturedly enough, waving the piece of crumpled paper in his fingers, ' thou'se ha' that for a ride i* my cart t' Overstone'an a kiss at t' other end o' I' journey.' The paper was Jerry's substitute for an I.U.U., and Farmer Phizacklea smiled with broad triumph as he spread it out before Esther's eyes. There, he reckoned, was a bait for mercenary feminine nature. Jerry's, old face was puckered into a mixture of wistfulness and distress. He looked eagerly at Esther, and yet trembled. This was evi dently the first time that the gill had heard of the debt; and her glance flashed into in dignation and then dimmed into dismay. She held out her hand for the paper, and clasped it fast, looking from Jerry to the fanner with a mingling of wrath and per; plexity in herclear eyes. As she stood there tho farmer repeated his offer, chuckling loudly. He would have reiterated it a third time, but, as his lips began to frame the sentence, a hand came over Esther's shoulder, and caught the paper from her fingers. ' Mesther Phizacklea,' said a voice, not loud, but with a slight vitration in its tones, which were singularly free from the village dialect, ' you bay them sort of things to my couBin again, and, confirmation or no con firmntion, I'll duck you in the tarn.' Phizacklea turned, and laughed Ih'b slow laugh as he met the resolute glance of a tall, broad-shouldered boy. Then he jerked the handle of his whip in tile direction of Jerry, and answered the lad without any ebullition of annoyance. ' Til' Grandad was willin' enow to clinch t' bargain, Timothy Jupp. Keep thy nose out o' other pigs' troughs, my lad.' Timothy Jupp made no reply to tho farmer's graphic fashion of telling him to mind his own business, but he folded the paper with resolute precision, and handed it back to its owner. Then, turning his back on Josiah altogether, he addressed his grandfather in tones of Rome impatience. ' Come, Grandad ! Air. Eglin is at th' Vicarage gate.' And without a second glance in the direction of Phizacklca, Tim slung his basket upon one arm, drew Esther's band under the other, and Jed her away be tween the gravestones and through the long churchyard grass. Tlie arrival of the Vicar prevented Josiah —who was always Blow in his search for ex prcBuion — from launching any sarcasm at 'J'iin. The congregation began to move into the church, and Phizacklea went back to his cart, and turned the horse's head in the direction of Overstone. As be went, ho muttered a little to himself, and bis fuce be came slightly contemptuous. 'A. line gentleman's child, as they call her !' he grunted, lialf-audibly. ' Much good her tine gentleman father ha' done her. She's no cause to give any honest mon the ?go-by. But they're V alike is women, they're a' alike.' Meanwhile, Timothy J.upp, passing into church with his pretty cousin, found time to whisper a caution in her ear. 'See, Esthie,. J forbid you to speak to that pig-headed chap again.' ?' Thee forbids me, Tim 7' The girl had recovered herself, and glanced up with a slightly mischievous look in her eyeB. ? ' Aye, an' it's my right, too, Esthio. Grandad's getting old, and I've a right to look after you. Vou'ro only a lassie after all.' Tim spokK the last words as if they clinched the argument, and then, turning to his grandfather, altered his tone. ' Here, Grandad, th' baskets are piled up in the porch. Ours will come to no harm among t' others, and we«an pick 'em up on our way out.' The short service was soon over, and then the procession of candidates was formed in the road outside the churchyard. The Vicar called to Tim to come and hold one pole of ? the tall banner which floated like a crimson ., sail in the morning air. Tim hurried forward 1 with a look of pride, and kindly hands soon ' relieved him of his market baBket. The lads and lassies were quickly formed into line, and then the word of command was given, I and they moved off. CHAPTER II. Visitors to Windermere— 'lakers,' they used to be called by tlio neoplo of tho dis trict—are nowadays well acquainted with the station of Overstone. Many uew houses have sprung up within late years, but at the end of the last century the houses were clustered unevenly together along narrow cobble paved streets. The market-place then, as now, was merely a short, rather wide road leading to the market-croBs. Hither, on Thursday mornings, the farmers drove their carts, and, unharnessing their plump horseB, lod them away to be stabled in the vuriouB Inns; while thecarts,inclining on their shafts towards the centre of tho street, formed a barricade, of primitive stalls on cither side of tho way. On this particular Thuisday morning.how over, the farmers and their wives hud gailmrcd about tho churchyard gates to buvo a look at the ' coiitlrmation.' In the front ranks of the crowd stood Josiah Phistaklea, a broad smile upon hiB face. The smile spoke as plainly as any words, Josiah's opinion that 'confirms- tionin' '' was work for women, children, and ? pareonB. He turned away, after Esther and ] her grandfather had passed into the church, and strode slowly down the hill, hiB mind still full of the wooing of this sweet per verse woman. An old farmer, in buff lig gings, was standing among the pens at tho foot of the hill, and he called out to Josiah to ask for Jerry Jupp, ndding thnt ha ' wanted a bit o' brasB from Mm.' Josiah perked his thumb expressively in the direc tion of the church, and walked on with a significant gesture of tho bend. Ilo had a wide contempt for Jerry, in which, somehow, he could not help including his grand daughter ; yet, when an hour later, Phisuick lea watched Esther selling her butter among the other lasBies of tho district, ho felt that it was an impossible to remove Ilia slowly working fancy from her aa it whb to drive a flock of sheep, single handed, through a mountain-beck. Bo watched her from a distance, and saw tho farmer in the buff leggings speaking to her grandfather, an - look of anxious trouble suddenly overspread ing the brightness of the girl's face. Tim wus not with them, and had his grandson been in the market-place Jerry would not have turned to Esther as ho did after Farmer Johnson had left them, and betrayed the trouble that made his faco quiver and his voice break to trembling. To conceal the extent of his dilticulties from Tim had been Jerry's endeavour for the last twelve months. Tim was so clever, and was going to lift them all some day. Jerry could not bear to think of the way in which Tim would look at him if he found out the truth about these debts. Be would not conceal the scorn and indignation bo felt, and he would very likely go and throw up hiB schooling, and take a job in a weaving shop at eighteen pence a week. ' Esthie,' said Jerry quaveriugly, watch ing Farmer Johnson's broad back lessening in tho perspective of the street, ' Esthie, lassie, say nowt o' thiB to Tim.' ' Do ye owe a lot o' money, Grandad 7' Esther asked anxiously. ' Aye, a goodish bit. But I dunnot want Tim to know o't.' ' Tim 'ud bo vexed, for sure.' ' He would that, Esthie, he would that. I doubt sometimes I'ae be able to pay 'em a'.' 'But.Grondad, what'll ye do if ye conna?' demanded the girl iu sudden consternation. ' I'se be able to pay if th' Lord wills, Esthie,' the old man told her, with a curious mixture of irresponsibility and faith. Esther pondered this view of the question in silence fur a time. The noise about the market-place began to hush into quietness; the horses were brought from the inns and harneBsed. and the carts rumbled away. Jerry, whose butter and eggs wero nearly all sold, counted out his money, and sang to himself in bis thin cracked old voice. Esther glancing up at him, felt a sudden vague weight of responsibility. She realised dimly that her grandfather was unfit to bear the burdens of life. ' Grandad' she said suddenly, ' thoo'd best let me tell Tim.' A shadow of troubled nlarm fell over the old, wrinkled, irresolute face. ' Kay, nay, thoo munnot tell Tim,' he answered, ' thcer's uo ca' to tell him yet awhile. He'd do sunnn&t; ciazy. He's not like thoo an' me! tie's had a fine Eight o' larnin', an' he acts so rash some times that I've thot th' eddication must ha' cone to 's head.' ' Weel, thoo munnot fret. Grandad,' said Esther thoughtfully. ' We'se talk it ower. just thoo an' me, wi' no one by. I tuun tak' these cggB acrosB to Widow Green. She'll allue buy any as are left ower o' market days.' She disappeared within the swinging door of a little shop, and Jerry tried to smooth out the distressed puckers in his old face, as ho suddenly saw Tim striding cheerily down the narrow billy street into the market place, all the blood in hiB veins tingling with youth and strength. Cacthing sight of un old woman, with a face like a withered West morland pippin, endeavouring to harness a rather dilapidated donkey to a little light cart, the lad sprang forward to assist her, ad justing the traces and buckling the Btrapa with quick, easy adroitness. While be was thUB occupied, Esther came out of the shop again, running almost into the arms of Farmer Phizacklea, who was standing on the step, lingering his tobacco-pouch thought fully, as if in uncertainty whether to re plenish it this afternoon, or to wait until next market-day. As Esther precipitated herself against him, he turned round with a ?' Whoa theer;' then, perceiving who it was, looked embarrassed and i-.elf- conBcious, nnd began begging her pardon, and pushing bis fingers through his hair. Tho unexpected concussion with the far mer's portly figure had jerked a few pence from Esther's band on tho paving-stones of the sired, where they spun round among the muddy intenticeB of the pebbles. She stooped to recover them: then, as she lifted herself upright again, she looked straight at him without- a blush or a falter and made a proposal. ' Mesther Phizacklea, I'll ride home i' thi' cart to-night, if thoo likes.' ' Eh? wilt 'ee?' 'Aye. An' pay thoo wi' a kifii for yon bit o' paper thoo showed mo this mornin'.' 'Get i't' cart first,' said Phi/.ucklea, with a not unkindly smile, and a side wag of his head. Esther frowned petulantly, and then her lips took a resoluto curve. ' Varra weel,' she said. ' I niun just tell Grandad.' And Bhe crossed the street to where Jerry stood patiently wailing with the baskets. ' Grandad, I'm goin' to ride home wi' Hesther Phistacklea.' Jerrj looked at her wistfully. Had Tim not been in town the old man would have given a ready consent to Esther's proposi tion; but the uight of that erect young figure in the distance inndo him waver. ' I doubt Tim '11 be vexed, dearie,' he said irresolutely. 'Then bo inun be vexed,' Esther told him quickly, ' for I'se goin' to do't. ' She set her pretty white teeth firmly over her nether lip, and, marching off, clam bered into tho rod cart, hearing Farmer PblBocklea's broad chuoklp of triumph us be mounted after her, and took the reins into his hands. She looked round for Tim, but ho stood a hundred yards off, with his back to them, still exchanging jokes with tho old market-woman. He was in tho same attitude when the cart turned the corner that led away from the market- place, and began jogging with tolerable speed in the direction of LilUo Tarnside. The fresh breeze ruffled the little rings of hair on Esther's forehead us she peeped at the young fanner from under her eye-lashes, with meditative toleration in her glance. 'How much does Grandad owe ye.Mesther Phissavkloa ? ' she nuked timidly, when tho cart had rumblod across the bridge that spanned Itadley Heck. ' Five jmn.Bix, an' sovenponce ha'penny.' ' Vo niver lent it him, for Burc V ' ' Not 1. I duiiim throw good money in t' gutter i' thai way. He bought it plough, an' on owdish chnrn.tuT two or three other things off me last back end, an' T towd him I'd wait to bo paid till t' Spring. I'd no use for 'cm, or ho shouldoa' ha' had 'cm wi'outt' brass down.' ' An* are jo willin' to gi'e op yon Wit o' paper to me for a kiss, 'as ye said 7' There was no shyness about Esther's face as she askud the question. She regarded this transaction as a pure matter of business. But Josiah's lips lengthened into their broad smile of self- importance. ' I dunno,' he said, wagging hiB head with would-bo shrewdness. ' Ye said vc would,' Esther flushed out in quick indignation. ' For shninc, when yo would. Gie me thi word on 't, Mesther I'hU aeklea, or stop t' cart, an' set me down to walk.' ' Whoa, my lass, whoa!' replied the farmer, rather disconcerted at this sudden outburst. ' Thi tongue wags faster than Lasuic'R tail. I nivcr said I wouldn't, did I ? Eh ! but women arc waur to manage than a litter o' young pigs!' The lane narrowed as they drew near to 1 :' ii! Tarnside, and at last the roofs of the \- cottages enmc in sight, with silvery . ..limpses of the turn shining between them: and Esther sat upright in the cart, and put her hands to straighten her hat. Josiah pulled up his horse outside her grandfather's [ gate, and was turning to her, when sho sud denly spraug to her feet and pointed to the yard. ' Eh ! Mesther Phizacklea, thcer's a cart i'1 f yard.' ' Ayn, bo theer be,' said Josiah in slow womlcr, bin glance following the direction of her pointing finger. \ somewhat, heavy looking vehicle was drawn up upon the round paving stones of the yard, and a little man, in a seedy-looking suit of black, sat, ! half-dozing, upon the diiving-Beat. Another [ man had located himself within the deep | stone perch, and only betrayed his presence by a. stout leg clad in blue worsted and terminated by a wooden clog. Neither of them had moved at tho sound of Phizacklna's cait, and they appeared to have fallen asleep at their post. The young farmer did not speak for a moment, but sat eyeing both the men and their equipage with an intent look. ' What's to do, I wonder?' said Esther, still in wide-eyed perplexity, ' I nun go and ax.' 'I wouldna ax too much, Esthie,' said the farmer, who appeared to have made up his mind about something. ' Why— what doBla mean?' demanded Esther, wondcringly. 'Theer'Bno good news for ye i' their mouths,' said Josiah, decidedly. ' DoBta know 'em?' inquired the girl. ' Know 'era —noti' my house,' he told her not without the half-pleasant feeling of ex citement that is apt to attend the mis fortunes of our neighbours, 'I doubt they're t' sheriffs olliccrKj Ehl EsLhie ihoo'n gcllen as white as my owd mother's dough?' ?? Will— will they put Grandad i' prison?' Esther gasped out, holding tight to tho side of the cart, in the strange giddiness that had seized upon her. 11 Nay, they'll niver do that. They're come fort' livestock, that's a'.' ' Fort' livestock' ' Aye, but ye've nobbut getteu two cows. They'll tak' one o' them, sure enow, an' both, if t' dubts a big 'un,' said Josiah, gloomil;- not with any wish to add to Esther's trouble, but, from the natural tactlessness of his nature. ' Oh, Mesther Phizacklca, help us— thoo munhelpus' Esther cried imploringly, the tears streaming down her checks, as she looked up into Imb face. ' I'll go an' speak to 'cm,' the farmer said dismounting from the cart.and throwing the reins on to the hone's back. 'Thoo bide wheer thoo are till I comes back.' (To be continued.) 