swindles km smm OF SPOOKLAND. (By 'Boondi.') VERY good rule to follow through life . is to mind your own \ religious belief and A let other people do iuthe same with ^theirs. Everyman | should be allowed y to fight his own re ligious rooster after ~his own religious . fashion. Every ' woman should do as r women generally do ^ — just as they dern V please. Thisintro ^ duction is by way 1 of explaining that what follows has no reference whatever to those sincere souls who really believe in Spiritualism and hold on to it as a part of their~re ligion. It is only the 'shams' that I intend to deal with, and honest- Spiri tualists should thank me for endeavoring to sift the chaff from the wheat. A re ligion cannot be kept too pure, and he was a sensible man who, at the 'New Church' stone-laying ceremony on Saturday last, congratulated his co-religionists upon the prospect of ' having a building where they could worship God free from the smell of tripe and onions.' There are worse things in this world than tripe and onions, how ever, and amongst them I place the frauds who trade on religion — those double-dyed deceivers who work all the time for tho Devil, and look all the time to the Lord for payment. Ik & O Like many other nineteenth century novelties, Spiritualism is a very old affair indeed. It was the basis of the religion of Ancient Egypt, and the Bible describes how the Witch of Endor 'materialised' the spirit of Samuel at the command of Saul, who, like many modern rulers, made laws for the guidance of the public and broke them in private himself. In the second century Simon Magus 'made statues talk, opened lockfast gates, made dishes to be seen as borne of themselves to wait upon him,' and performed the ' levitation' feat before a theatre full of people in the open day. In the times of tbe Apostles the streets of great .cities were crowded with 'diviners, astrologers, enchanters,' and the like ; and Ammianus Marcellinus tells of a ' seance' given by order of the Emperor Valons which exactly corresponds with the table rapping games practised to-day. A round metallic dish, on the rim of which the letters of the alphabet had been engraved, was set on the table, and the medium held over its centre a ring hung by a fine thread. In reply to a question put as to who would be the next emperor the thing rapped out the letters T H E O D, where | upon one of those present called out : ' It is Theodorus!' Theodorus declared he had no ambition to be anything of the kind, but the Emperor, being a prudent old party, said : ' It is better to be suro than sorry,' and so he knocked off Mr. Theodora's head and stuck it op a pole as an encouragement , for others. That there is something about tbe spiritualistic phenomena which cannot be satisfactorily explained to-day must be admitted, but it is very certain that a deal of what passes for Spiritualism is merely unconsciouscerebralism flavored with cheap conjuring trickery. Apparently, the only reliable or noteworthy information received from Spiritland is based upon know ledge already held, consciously or uncon sciously, by someone in the magic circle. Persons of undoubted honor have declared that the ' spirits ' told them certain things of which they themselves had no previous knowledge. In reality that knowledge was j stored away in their brain-cells so long before that it had passed from their memory altogether. The mind occasionally forgets. The brain holds on as long as life itself. o o o No one can state with absolute certainty tbe exact amount of information which his' (or her) brain or memory holds. Dr. Carpenter quotes the case of an ignorant servant-woman, who, when the dotage of old age came upon her, used to reel off 'a long string of prayers in the purest Hebrew language, although she knew no more about that language than a frog does about Freemasonry. For a time she was set down as one ' possessed by a spirit,' but it was afterwards shown that nearly half a century before she had been in the service of- a Jewish Rabbi, and as she lay in bed at night she could hear him loudly droning out his devotions. Her brain automatically stored up all the sounds, and they were re-produced, phonograph fashion, in her dotage. Many old persons can dis tinctly remember events which happened in their youthful days — perhaps 70 or 80 years ago — and yet they forget all about things which may have occurred only half an hour before they were questioned con cerning them. A careful study of the automatic actions of the mind will explain a deal of the mystery connected with Spiritualism. An idea may have been stored in your memory for a year, a day, or even an hour, and Buddenly you find you cannot recollect what it was. By-and-bye the mind throws it before you automati cally, and then you wonder why in thunder you could have forgotten such a simple thing. 000 Concerning the alleged miracles credited to the 'spirits,' no properly-authenticated feat has ever yet been performed by them which a first-class conjurer could not do far better, and under far more disadvan tageous circumstances. The raps which appear to come from the foot of a table can be caused by the cracking of the joints of the medium's toes. Spirit»writing can be done by having a stump of pencil fixed underneath a table and rubbing the slate against it; and the duped party who asserts be was impelled to write a language, he did not understand was forced to do so by a small steel book which grappled his pe'neil — the room being darkened . at -tho time. Tabl&-tiiting can? be donB by .-V ; ' wrist-elamp, a slotted ring, or a dozen, other different ways ; and as for th*- 'materialisation of a spirit form,' that can easily be worked by phosphorous, . luminous paint, and & few. other fixings, and a good conjurer can go into any room in Sydney, almost naked, and beat the 'mediums' hollow at their owp ghost- --- raising games, j . s» o c The Davenport Brothers, just by way of ' showing there was no deception about their dark seance swindle, used to allow their ! hands to be filled with flour to prove that they eould not have opened and used them; and, furthermore, a sheet of paper w^a, placed under the feet of each of tho mediums, and the outline of his boots pencilled thereon, so that even if the brilliant brothers managed to get free-0, from their bonds and moved about im personating spirits while the lights were out, this tracing on the paper would betray them. If their feet shifted but a-quartear of ap inch or a spec of flour was found on their black clothes, their trickery would stand confessed — at least, that's what -even learned scientists thought at the time. a & o In spite of all these studied precautious, - r :? however, the usual ghostly mapifestatiopg appeared the moment the gas jets were turned out, guitars began to twang and tambourines to rattle, &c.;, and yet when °' the gas was turned up again the brothers' hands still held the flour, and though . forms had wandered all over the platform, and occasionally banged the company oven the head with banjos and the like, the soled of the medium's feet bad not shifted a'-- : 3 hair's breadth from the outline traced op the papers. It was a most, marvellous l !,' performapce — and a ridiculously simple one also. 0 o q o . ; The moment the lights went out 'the- ? « Davenports got their hands free by the now well-known wriggling process, emptied; the flour into secret pockets made inside:' their coats, and then played up the usual childish pranks. After this, one of the, ; brothers used to take from a secret side- ? - pocket a little bag filled with flour, pour some into the hands of his companions and ? a double allowance into one of his own, . hands, after which he placed the empty - bag in its hiding place, and gave.his- oth.6E hand its due share of the flour. OOO One night a shrewd committeeman tied) 7 ; the Davenports' hands behind their backs,' and artfully substituted snuff for flour. ' I The brothers saw nothing of the trick, of \ course, and when the proper time arrive^ ? they appeared with flour in their hands -. instead of snuff, to the great amQsementoi^ those in the secret and the intense disgust:* of the smart spook - raisers. This recalla - ? another trick in which the medium fills his'; , ' mouth with water, the lights are ' doused,' and immediately a ' spirit ' starts singing a hymn. The lights being turned up'/ ' \ again the medium's mouth is found to bo still full of water; ergo, he -could not pos-- ????? sibly have been the singer. All the same, however, he was. He simply swallowed - the original water under cover of the dark ness, sang his song, and refilled his mouth, from a seereted flask. . C G O The boot test, which was supposed to, . ' render trickery impossible, was op a level. s with all the rest of the foolery. In tha darkness the Davenports removed their boots, pranced about in their stockings, and did their ghostly business, after which they resumed their seats, pulled on. their _ boots, turned over the sheet of paper, placed their feet on it, and then took out their pencils and traced fresh outlines, which the committemen thought were the same as those traced by themselves. # * * In another famous feat, the company - being Beated round a draped table, tbe gaa„ is lowered to a ' dim, religious light,'taiid- '?* presently a mysterious hand, iey .cold; appears above the table's edge and touches . the person near it. Some faint right away j others, with gaping mouths, recognise it as the hand of some dead relative or friend, and its clammy coldness, having a cheerful . ,' corpse-like character, produees a thrill of delicious horror. The real business is abr surdly simple. The medium merely fastens a. dummy hand, covered with a damp kid glove, on to the toe of his boot by means of a short elastic sleeve, ? cocks one A. leg over the other, and pokes the 'spirit ; ;; hand ' where he pleases. Then the hand -i' ; (being removed by his other foot) flies 'up the leg of his pants by means of an elastic band, one end of which is fastened to his waist-belt. The gas is turned up, and the dupes go off and solemnly prate of having; _ j shaken hands with the dead. Great are . the gods of Spookland I o ® o P.S. — The explanation of my own little swindle, described in our last issue, is this : I never mention the matter unless I knew - that amongst the company present is a gentleman who, like myself, thoroughly ' understands the Morse code of telegraphic signals. Then, by means of short and long . . _ pressures of his hand I telegraph to him ' '.- the words placed before me. Instead of - reading by sound, as all good operators do, he reads by touch. For the letter A I make a short and a long pressure of his hand, just as an operator makes a short and long pressure of his ' key,' or a pianist] would play a quaver and a crotchet. For B I make one long and three short pres* sures, and so on. Many changes can be rung on this form .of. illusion ; in fact, with, a trifling preparation of wires my trick could be performed by one person ,ip Sydney and another in Melbourne as easily as thoug'h they were in adjoining rooms. It is very easy to blind the public's eyes if you hold the right kind of dust. ' A cricket match is so often decided by ;? '% the spin of a coin, it would save a lot o£ time if the championship were decided by a toss, two out .of three, to see whether Australia or England won; the weather would be of no copsequeuce.' — Thh Economist. ? j 