WHY I AM A JEW. The very fact that the question, why I am a a Jew, can be put at all, conclusively proves 'that to be a Jew does not in the deepest sense of the word mean to beloDg to the alleged Jewish race or nationality, but to be a member of the Jewish Church. For it would be con sidered sheer madness, say for a Frenchman or Spaniard to rise and explain why he is a 'Frenchman or Spaniard. Once a Frenchman, ?always a Frenchman, one born of Spanish parents forever remains a Spaniard by the \- indestructible law of his physical identity. But Jpne may change his religion and go over from ^one church to another. A Buddhist may become a Christian ; a Christian may embrace ; Islam or be converted to Judaism or to any tother religion. By changing his faith the ^Englishman does hot break away from his English nationality nor from his -assumed Anglo-Saxon race. In asking me why I am a Jew, you do consciously or unconsciously imply that I am a Jew\pf my own free will and accord, and that I might, choose not to.be a « Jew if I had a mind to: The fact is, the c moment the Jew embraces Christianity or any pother religion, he ceases to all intents and pur : poses to be a Jew. His own father and mother no longer regard him as a Jew, though they .continue to love him as a son and to respect him as a man. The question is, therefore, perfectly pertinent. Why am I a Jew ? Why ;i.do.I not embrace Christianity, the religion of 'the leading nations of the earth, the most r civilised and progressive portion of mankind ? tWhy do I cling to Jehovism, the faith of a powerless, ever- struggling minority ? Why do I hold fast to the religion of the Jews, who are ^disfranchised and persecuted in many Christian 4ands and regarded with inveterate prejudice and not a little contempt almost everywhere ? If I were to join with my family any Christian church it surely would not be to our worldly disadvantage. We would be received with open arms. The Christian pulpits would ring with hosannas and praises. All social barriers .would fall as if by magic. We, too would ..belong to the proud and powerful majority. I, too, might speak with unctuous pity of the ..deadening legalism of Judaism, with infinite self-satisfaction haul the Pharisees over the coals, and with upturned eyes pray to God to open the ears of the deal Jews to the message .of the cross. I, too, might in the pulpit and fin my writings descant with swelling pride on ; our Christian civilisation, expatiate on the infinite superiority of ths ethics and ideals of Christianity, call and claim as Christian every thing that is true, good and beautiful in the ilife of humanity, and identify my little self :with the greatest spiritual power in the world. Yet I forego of my own deliberate choice all these advantages and prerogatives and continue to be a faithful Jew. For what cogent reasons then am I a Jew ? First of all, I am a Jew because I believe in one only God, because I believe in the absolute and indivisible unity of the Supreme Being. I can not, by any effort of thought, imagination or will bring myself to believe in the Trinity, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. I cannot embrace Christianity, because the idea of a Triune God, of three persons in one and one in three simply staggers my intelligence. It is as little comprehensible to me as the wildest dreams of one delirious with fever or the corruscations of a mind smitten with mad ness. I certainly mean no offence to my trinitarian fellow men whose intellectual powers are as sane and strong as those of the Jews. Those impregnated from their, early childhood with the dogmas of trinitarian Christianity, no doubt experience little difficulty in believing that the assumed three Divine Persons form an absolute unity. The mind of man is wonderfully and fearfully made. It will continue to harbor through the years of intellectual maturity irreconcilable contradic tions, absolutely antagonistic beliefs, if they have but been implanted in the soul before the logical faculties have fully developed and become dominant, and before the intelligence has begun rigorously to apply the categories of reason to all given ideas. When the mind emerges from the early state of passive recep tivity, it finds the belief in the Trinity deeply inwrought in its very constitution, almost indissolubly interwoven with all moral ideas and ideals, intertwined with the sweet hopes of immortality, blended with the noblest spiritual aspirations. Then a fierce struggle begins in most Christian souls between faith and reason. Only a comparatively small number comes to end the inner struggle by dissolving the asso ciations of ideas between the belief in the Triune God and all the elements of religion and ethics. It is with a bleeding heart that they break away from the cherished belief of the church, hallowed by innumerable tender memories of childhood and home. But the vast majority of Christ:ans wrestle on bravely, and at last come. forth victorious over all per plexing doubts. Tney find rest in the teachings of Christian apologetics that the dogma of the Trinity, though of the highest truth, is. yet an unfathomable and insoluble mystery, which the soul must accept with unquestioning faith. What man is infallible ? Maybe the belief that three persons make up the divine unity is a supreme transcendental truth. But we Jews are absolutely unable to give it a. lodgement in our minds. Were I seriously to strive to believe in a triune God, it would wreck my mind and land me in a mad house. If the Jews could bring themselves, to believe in the Holy Trinity and in the other dogmas flowing from that central Christian belief, all would be well with them, There would be an end to the agony of ages, an end 10 the martyrdom of body and soul, an end to calumny and isolation. By taking on baptism we would dive down into the stream of the nations, the waves would swallow up our identity, Israel would be but a name and a memory, As the heart longs after water brooks, so does the soul of the Jew long after peace and union. But we will not purchase peace and union at the price of humanity's dearest possession, at the price of prophetic universal monotheism, without a tinge and a taint. Our souls are chained by ties unbreakable to the fiery chariot of ethical historical monotheism. We must go with it, though it lead us through the valley of the shadow of death and the world's contempt. The will of Jehovah compels us to proclaim, ' Hear, 0 Israel, the Eternal our God, the Eternal is One. His power is upon us, fasten ing upon our conscience and mind the mission of monotheism which we cannot shake off. His word is in us as strong as death which we must obey even to our hurt. We still hear the voice of His prophet, 'Ye are my witnesses that I am He, I am the Eternal, and beside me there is no Saviour. Ye are my witnesses that I am God, and beside me there is none else.' Not simply for our sake, but for the sake of the world, and in particular of the Christian world do we hold fast to the mission of being wit nesses to the absolute unity of God. Trinitarian Christianity is ever in danger of degenerating unconsciously into polytheism. To realise the three distinct Divine Persons as one being is a. tremendous strain on the Christian mind. The intelligence being under the personal sway of the logical categories, is constantly tried to break up in consciousness the triune God into a triad of divinities, whereby Christianity would cease to be a monotheistic religion. The religion of Israel, the ever present church of Jehevoh, serves the Christians as a warning against the insidious polytheistic tendency, and I stimulates the Christian mind to lay the utmost ? emphasis on the unity of God, Without the I Jew, who is the living witness of uncompro- I mising monotheism, the Christians would be ? less on their guard against the danger lurking ? in the dogma of the Trinity, aad might, as in ? the darkest days of the Middle Ages, drift more I and more in the direction of Polytheism Fo£ H rendering them this service the Christians owfc I gratitude to us Jews. : H I am a Jew, because I cannot accept the I scheme of salvation and incarnation ; my soul I shrinks from it in dread and awe. The idea of I God, the absolute and infinite, assuming the ? flesh and form of man, being a babe at His ? mother's breast, passing through the stage of ? childhood, growing to the stature of manhood,. I eating, drinking, fasting, thirsting, sleeping,. I weeping and laughing like a man, the idea o ? God Almighty being scourged, nailed to' the I cross and dying like a mortal man, is not. only I unthinkable, unimaginable and unbelievable to I to me, but a denial of what is to Israelites the I very essence of religion. God is not a man, I nor the son of man. He is not born of woman I nor does he suffer and die like a mortal. I fl know there are myriads of Christians who are I wiser and better than I, to whom the incarna- 1 tion is the be-all of their faith, the beginning, I middle and the end of their theology. But it ig I just because I cannot believe with them in the I mystery of the incarnation that I am a Jew, I I am a Jew because I do not and cannot believe in. I Christian dogma of the. fall of man, of original I sin, of vicarious atonement, of redemption I through the blood of Jesus. I do not believe I that the human race fell through the alleged I sin of Adam from a state of moral perfection I and blessedness. The story of the Bible I merely states in a mythical form that there- I existed neither physical nor moral good an-I I evil as long as the mind of man was in the I state of happy because ignorant infancy. I am I a Jew because for the life of me I cannot I believe that an all-good and all-just Qod I decreed that the sin of the * first man, if sin it I was. should descend as a moral blight and I inextinguishable curse to all his descendants* I I am a Jew because the idea is abhorrent to me- I that the all-merciful God found no other way to appease His unrgihteous anger save by means of a great sacrifice by the sacrifice of the God man the son of God, the second person in the Trinity. To my benighted Jewish mind thig. dogma appears a ghastly travesty on the idea of | divine justice and mercy. Yet among those who hold this belief are godly and holy men whose shoe strings I am unworthy of loosening* Maybe their theory of divine government ig, true. But I cannot worship such a God. I would rather walk in the darkness of unbelief. I would rather be crushed by His power for rebelling than bend my knee to a God whom I can not adore as just and merciful. I am a Jew because I can not believe in the miracu~ lous power of Jesus, be he a man or a God, to redeem man from the evils of ancestral sins and from the effects of their own guilt. I believe in atonement through repentanee, through change of heart and conduct. But vicarious atonement is to my mind mere religious magic. I wish I could indulge in such pleasant hopes. It is ail easy way of getting rid of sin by letting the sufferings of Jesus atone for them. But I can not entertain such a belief. I am responsible to my conscience and my God for my sins. No mediator stands between my soul and my Maker, to obtain pardon for me through his in fluence and merit. Face to face I stand with the majesty of my Judge and Lawgiver, and . be tween Him and me there is no other Saviour. (to be continued.) 