the federal convention. Sufficient was not done in tho Federal Convention yesterday to afford much Indi cation of the extent to which the views of delegates have been affected by tbe period of reflection of which they have had the benefit since their last mooting in Sydney. On the eve of his departure for Melbourne we had a public address from Mr. Barton, from which tho only thing to he gathered was that ho is still in a state of uncertainty regarding the principal questions that re main for solution. IIo declared that he was returning to the Convention with an open mind, and would trust everything to the . fortune of .argumentative war. JUrobably that will be found to pretty fairly represent the ease of ttie majority of delegates, amongst whom an earnest desire exists that the work of the Convention should lie brought to a successful issue. It is only those who are indifferent about tho consum mation of a bargain that can afford to he prejudiced iu regard to terms, and while this section has refused to either learn or forget anything since tlio beginning, dele gates representing colonics which have their hearts set upon Federation have notieeiibly improved in reasonableness with every dis cussion. When tho Convention first met in Adelaide anything like a workable com promise on tlie State rights question seemed impossible, and had the bill as then drafted to go to the electors uotiiing is more cer tain than that tho cause of Federation would have suffered shipwreck. The interval for reconsideration afforded by the adjourn ment, however, had a highly beneficial ef fect, and at the Sydney session the extreme ground of the State-right party was aban doned as plainly inconsistent with any scheme of union that the people could bo expected to accept. It was only then that hope dawned upon the Convention, and we have now to see how far the reasonable spirit which began to animate its discus sions has developed. This is what will de cide whether Federation is immediately tit hand or indefinitely postponed. One thing has been particularly noticeable during tlie later stages of the Convention's work. That is a disposition lo get over diffi culties by relegating tliein to the Federal Parliament. Although this Is satisfactory as indicating u growtli of that mutual trust between the colonies which must he at tlie base of Federation, it may easily he carried too far. The Convention is there to settle certain questions, so that tlie possibility of a rupture occurring over them after Fede ration may bo avoided. By passing these problems on to the Federal Legislature it therefore shirks the work which it lias been deputed to perform, and runs the risk of asking the electors to take a leap in the dark, from which their prudence will recoil. Nq clouht many of tho matters that tlio Con vention lias made the subject of contentious debate, sueli as the salary of a Governor- Gencral, or the choice of a capital, might vcy well be left to the Federal Parliament, but there are other subjects in regard to which tho colonies will insist, upon having their position defined by the Constitution, so that they may realise their liabilities be- fore, fiually committing themselves. Chief amongst these are the questions of finance and of railway control. Witli regard to tlio former, a secret committee of tho Conven tion has been for some days past sitting in Melbourne for tlio purpose of drawing up a scheme which the Convention itself lias been unable to do. It is understood that the result of these deliberations amounts to uo tiiing hotter than a recommendation to give the problem up, and pass it on to the Fede ral Legislature. What if the Federal Legis lature found tlie difficulty equally insuper able? It is said that it will have tlie advan tage of experience in tlio working of Fede ral finance, which tlio Convention lias not. But liow long will it take to get tlie experi ence that will guarantee an arrangement satisfactory to all tlie colonies, if it is im possible to imagine one now, and at whose expense aro tlie financial necessities of Go vernment to he provided for in tlie mean time'/ Unless tlie Convention is prepared witli a conclusive answer to these questions by passing tlie financial question on to tlie Federal Parliament it would simply declare that tlie work for which it 1ms been ap pointed was beyond its powers, and might as well give up tlio ghost Concerning rail way management, it is the same. If tlio Federation leaves each colony tlie respon sibility of making its railways earn the in terest on tlio borrowed capital, which they represent, it may elioose not to tie their hands concerning differential or preferen tial rates. Hut witli each colony fighting for its hand in (his fashion intercolonial freetrade would be impossible. Which means that Federation would he mythical. It may lie taken for granted, however, that in any Constitution which we may adopt tlie Federal Parliament will 'be given a groat deal more latitude lliau was at first contemplated. If anything more than a limited Confederation is to he established, tills is inevitable. And tlie realisation of i lial fact brings witli it a keener sense than ever of the. importance of constituting tlie Federal Parliament upon a thoroughly re presentative basis. In this fundamental question all tlie others are Inextricably bound up. auil without a satisfactory solu tion of it nothing else that the Convention might do could save Federation. There must he some provision in the Constitution that will guarantee the ultimate supremacy of a majority of tlie Federal electors in deciding any question with which the Fede ral Government lias to deal. At; the Sydney session all tlie expedients suggested for solving deadlocks between the representa tives of the people and the representatives of tlio States fell more or less short of this result, and are "pro taulo" objectionable. Tlie people are willing to allow the vested local interests embodied liy the Stales Hie last possible si retell of power which does not involve, subversion of the democratic government under which they at lire, sent live, Tlie "dual referendum" would not gunrmitee Ibis, as it would simply transfer llm deadlock from the Parliament to the Slides, and confirm each House in Hie posi tion originally taken up. Tlie proposal for a. Joint vole of the two Houses as it stands, inasmuch as that it possihiliscs tlie defeat of the majority by a combination of mino rities would, perhaps, solve tlie deadlock, but democratic rule would staud a elianee of being broken in (he process. C'/.ardom i3 a most efficient solvent of deadlocks, and if nothing more than a solvent was required, the matter could bo settled in a hundred different ways. The demand, however, is for a method that will ensure a solution in accord witli the will of a majority of tlie individuals affected by it. So far nothing simpler or more certain or more uniformly fair than a plain referendum to the whole people lias been suggested, and it lias yet to ho shown how without this safeguard equal representation of the States iu tlie Senate could be conceded, unless by giving away tlio whole principle of democratic go vernment. 