ITEMS OF INTEEEST. If Sydney Chinamen could be Christianised and sent a smissionaries to China it would be killing two birds with one stone. *?* "Women who frequent courthouses Vrhen caeee of a questionable character are being heard must be wanting in self-respect. # * Some strong articles may be expected in the English Press when the re turned cricketers toll the interviewers of their experience " down under." ? #** Tom Bracken, the sweetest singer of New Zealand, died the other day in deplorable poverty. Poetic geniue is a heavy burden to carry in the colonies. # # The kangaroo which was taken to England as a present by the Australian troops to Her Majesty during the record reign celebrations died a few -weeks ago. At Croydon (Q.) a lorry-horse was backed for a wager to pull eight men over a mark. A rope was- passed round the cart, and four men had hold of each end, but the horse failed to shift the men. *?* Greta pit has only worked three days during the last month. The output for the Inst year was only 41,032 tons of best coal and 4100 tons of small coal. This is only about one third the capacity of the mine. *#* The South Australian Q.C., Paris Nesbit, who has been giving such trouble to the authorities lately, ap peared at the police court at Adelaide on Thursday attired in a hunting costume and apologised to the S.M. for the remarks he had made during the previous week. # # The motorcar has proved something of a disappointment. Eighteen short months ago it was threatening the horse with extinction j but that useful animal still ambles gaily on, while his power-driven rival is practically un known outside of a few centres like London, Paris, and New York. *** A drayman, brought before the Mel bourne City Court on a charge of cruelty to a horse, the animal being galled under the collar, deposed that he received 10s a week and had a family to support. Eined half-a crown. Poor wretch. What an alternative—kindness to his children or cruelty to his horse ! Up Hughendon way some of tho squatters have turned scalpers. One man three weeks ? ago netted 180 kangaroo' scalps at Is G'd scalp—£l2 for seven days' pport. ' In drought times this pays better than trying to keep lifo" in otorvmg ohpop ;? and besides —the bank mostly own the sheep, and the scalp money is all "bunce." *#* Dr. Calder, doctor of medicine and barriater-in-law, has just announced himself as a candidate for Ashburnham at next election. He proclaims him self as " a pure democrat, who knows but one class—the people—upholding the maxims of freedom of opinion, of person, and of exchange." This should easily bamboozle the " free and independent." *** A ghost story comes from Tam worth. The settlement at the Moor Creek end of the waterworks, about 16 miles from the town, is greatly agitated over the frequent appearance at night in the gully alongside the camp of a couple of apparitions. Tho phanton takes the shape of a woman dressed in white leading by the hand a little child. Several of the waterworks bands have seen the ghosts, and are positive in declaring that it is a " genuine one." *#* Bagpipes are the latest faehionable fancy amongst women in Scotland. Lady Campbell, the grand-daughter of the Duke of Argyle, is a skilful per former on the bagpipes, and has a rich-decorated, specially-toned set for occasions. To the ordinary mind, whose impressions are gathered from indifferent playing, this national instrument may not sound fascinating, but ask the s true Highlander his opinion, and you will hear another etory. *#* A member of a certain firm ap peared in a law court with a complaint that his partner in business would sell goods at less than cost price, and he desired to havo him restrained. The defendant utterly denied the charge, and tho case was adjourned for a fortnight. As tho plaintiff went out of court, he exclaimed in a tragic tone : " Then the sacrifice must still go on!" Tho story got noised abroad, and the result was that tho shop was besieged by customers. There the case ended, for at the end of the fortnight the plaintiff failed to appear in court, having accomplished the purpose—advertisement—he had in view. The remarks of Sir Frederick Darley respecting the inconsistency and folly of sending unprotected female mis sionaries to barbarous regions far from the safeguards of civilisation, whilst at the same timo there is ample scope for their talents and energies close at hand, are simply the echo of opinions frequently expressed in these columns. Perhaps now that a Chief Justice has uttered these views at a missionary meeting they will have more weight weth those mainly responsible for such a policy than when urged by a secular newspaper ; but in any case they can not be too frequently repeated so long as the state of things which elicited them continues to exist. 