TERRIBLE BURNING ACCIDENT. A SYDNEY MAN FALLS ON A HOT' STEAM-PIPE IN A BATIH. HIS FLESH ADHERED TO TDHE PIPE LIKE A STEAK TO A FRYING-PAN. AN AWIFUJL SIGHT. While in a bath in Pitt-street, a Mr. Jarvis had the misfortune to slip and fall on the hot water pipes, and before he could be rescued he was scalded and burnt in a terrible way. The shock of the burning and the fall proved to be very disastrous for Mr. Jarvis, and for a number of y.ars afterwards he was a confirmed invalid, suffering ter ribly from locomotor ataxia, and other forms of paralysis. A few months ago, however, reports began to be cir culated in the neighbourhood that Mr. Jarvis was getting round again, and that he Ihad had a most marvellous re covery from this apparently incurable malady. It was on account of these rumours that a special reporter from t'he Sydney "Worker" *was despatched to get all information regarding same, and one afternoon he made his way to his house, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. Mr. Thos. Jarvis was discovered nurs ing a two-year-old baby, and his face declared Lim one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about, and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still a few. marks of a critical illness and a period-- of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid no more. In reply to the preliminary questions he said:-"You want to know all about my case? Well, I am glad of an op portunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." "How long were you suffering?"' "Well, twelve months ago I got so' bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago next Christmas I met with an accident. I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Syd ney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." "What were the symptoms?" "Simply indescribable. The pains. were something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shak ing, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well known ,doctor, and he told me that my' case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions." "Did you make use of the order?" "No; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever' since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact. I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up. the 'ghost. My doctor vas attending. me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor' ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy,. a disease of the spinal chord, charac- terised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co-ordinating. voluntaify movements. He told me' that I might last for ten years, and'. that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked' his legs about with energy to show' that medical opinion is not infallible.)' Well, just as a drowning man will' grasp at a straw, I grasped at an ideas. conveyed by the advertisement describ ing the cure effected in the case of an otJher boiler-maker in 'England, which' I read in the "Austrialian Workman,"' by Dr. Williams's Pink Pills for Pale' People. I read in the advertisement. of a ease which seemed to fit my own.. I determined to give the pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleepi as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was in credible. I immediately left the bed, and was able to move about. You see those crutches there? They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I 'got Dr. Williams's Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them." "He is 100 per cent. better," said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. "The Dr. Williams's Pink Pills for Pale People tave saved his life, and made another man of him." A friend who called in at this point said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fort night previous. "I can now," continued Jarvis, "have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back into my legs. I ascribe all the change and benefit to Dr. Wil liams's Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now, what ever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills, which the doctor gave me to 'deaden the excru ciating pain. But they can stay 'whero they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My be ing about again has caused quite a sensation out here." Such is this remarkable history, and it confirmu what is said in all the chief newspapers of this country of the as tonislhing cures wrought by Dr. Wil liams's Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, suach as anaemia, pale and sallow com plexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, etc. Mr. J. S. T. McGowen, leader of the Labour Party in the New South Wales Legislative Assembly, was seen by our reporter in connection with the re markable case of Thomas Jarvis. Mr. McGowan says he has known Jarvis from infancy. He also knew that he had to give up his work at.Glebe Island abattoirs twelve months ago owing to a malady which he developed. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was lied ridden, and that there was little ..chance of his recovery. He understood ':Jarvis was refused admittance to Syd niey Hospital, as his case' had, been. pronounced incurable. • Mr. McGowen was, therefore, like everyone else who knew the facts, astounded at the com plete recovery of Jarvis. These wonderful pills are obtainable 'from leading chemists, or from. the Dr. Williams's Medicine Co., Queen's Place, Sydney, who will forward (post paid) Son receipt of stamps or post order, one box for 2s 9d. or half-dozen for 15s 3d. See that the genuine Dr. Wil liams's are gotten. 