REIOITES IN CONCLAVE.] [By Geo. H. Gbee.v.] And the Glass Eyed One, together with his cobber, the Patriarch, sat at the head of the table, aroaod which were seated the fieldite Elders ; and woe and worry were depicted on the faces of the two shuffling Gaffer#, And the Owlish, IClder for Ignorance, rising, asked in a sympathetic manner, ? Kumpty, what aileth thee ,and thy cobber, the Patriarch ? One wouldst think, by thy 1 glum faces, ye were remanded 'waiting sentence.' i And He ofithe Glass Eye, wriggling pain fully, replied : . ' Enowest thou, oh friend, that this is the final conclave, before we measure cunning against right with the Tobyitss in the battle for the Treasury chests, and 1 would tell yo of late 1 have, strango dreams, and visions have appeared unto me— visions of dire calamity wrought by tbe ungodly Tobyites/ And Oocky of the Camera rising, cried in a scornful voice—* ' Rumpty, 'tis a fool you. are, And Daddy, you're ooth sillies ; You know we're Bure'of Sprinter Meagher Aad Goosey Gander Gillies.' And Barney Vaikes, of the Post Office, said : ? Brethren, as the subject is distasteful, let us leave it, and be merry to-night, for to morxow we die.' And Tater Young, witb swelling import ance, addressed the Bldersthus: ? Hear ye not, oh, my Brethren, the ever-increasing murmurs and complaints hurled against that highly respectable God-fearing body of Nau tical nonentities styling themselves tho I Marine Board of New Sooth Wales? For i the tribes bitterly and loudly declare that I ships tbat any greengrocer could discover to I be unseaworthy and rotten aTe allowed by | these so-called Nautical Experts to leave onr | ports bearing the official declaration of being 8onnd of hull aad 'well found,' Now brethren the term * well fonnd' tickleth my fancy, for it is well within the memory of living man that on manyahips having passed official inspection, and declared OKb/ these fossils, the well (Imean the pump well) hath been found to have several feet of water therein, And the Tribes suggest that in future when a vessel of the Atacama or Republic type hoista the Blue Peter, these fossils as experts should navigate her into deep water until the pumps fail to keep tbem longer afloat. Andasa just appreciation of the value tbe Tribes attach to their sink beneath the briny, to cry yea are they xicll found* red. Now John the Jap fearing to arouse the Tribes to further anger by procrastination is dealing witb tbe remodeling of this Board pf FoBsilB, urged the Glass Eyed One to expedite their exit so as sailors and those who go out to sea in «hips, may have reason able guarantee that their ship is at least lit to sail as far as Watson's Bay, and as a fitting tribute to the thoughtful care exer cised by them in the proper discbarge of their duties, by which so many lives have been spared irom watery graves, he humbly and gratefully on behalf of suffering humanity dedicated the following lines : They are sent on the ocean wave, To find in tho mighty deep Tho ueu&l; sailor's lom-ly gruve, | In ships thut are bought dirt choap. For though the ship be rotten From rail to garboird strata Yet certificate may be gotten I To bo read at tbe mermaid's wake. I And Barney Vatkes, of the Ghost Office, ' still anxious for the safety of the Ghost j Office waterbury asked Him of the Glass Lamp whether m /ace oc toe continued war preparations, he intended to take fur ther defensive measures, ao aa to insure the safety of the nation. And the Glass tiyed One, with a spirit of military enthusiasm, said : ' Yea are we prepared for whatever cometh, and thou mayest have read ot a trip to the almost inaccessible regions of Conan Creek. made by a body of our country's 'defenders, that thef may acquire a knowledge of the mili tary art sufficiently great to satisfy their own conceit. And 1 a pi informed that with a view to escaping the bullets of the enemy no better retreat than Cowan Creek could be imagined, witb its many eaves and hollow logs ; and many declare that ehould the wicked Gaul dare to bombard our shores, thoy may again avail tbeuisalves of its many advantages. And £o ailay.tbe iuuTBoi my brother, 1 uiay state that should ? confir mation of his fears be realised, I will notify him in season, so that be . may retire with dignity.' : Now the uncllous and Patriarchal Brunker asked Holy Joe what truth there was in the rumors that he was about to start a jam factory at the Experimental Farm at Wagga. And th.e Holy One, with, glib tongue, spake as follows * Yea, brethren, verily am 1 determined that the jiiicoful and exquisi tely flavored pumpkin shall no longer bo relegated to it9 present obscure . position among the vegetable kingdom, but will manufacture therefrom jam aud jellies that should please the palates oE tbe Gods, and though the tirn will contain little else tuan the extract of the said pumpkin, yet shall they be retailed nnto the tribes as strawberry conserve, raspberry jam, quince jellies, and other luxuries. And to enable me to do this 1 and Nan-Ken have spent of the peoples i money many hundreds., say, I say . several J thousands of pounds in this venture, and i though the tribes may eonsider it a costly | fad On my part, yet do 1 fail to see in what I manner it concerneth them/ Now, the Glass Eyed One, who was not in terested in ttie fads and fancies of the Holy One, spake to the Elders these words 'Application h&th; been made me by the police tbat the superannuation fund bemads financial, it being at present deplorably in solvent. Now, 1 tell ye, Brethren, it sur priaeth me that any member oi the * foorce ' who hatb seen service for any lengthened period should have to depend in his old age on his retiringallowauce for hie living ; for did X have but half the opportunity of fftrthnrincr m? nent. as have the oolice. 1 should be wealthy- after 12- months service. And 1 teli ye frankly tbat thiB ditty is their war song . Behold iu mo an honest cop, ' « Whoso palm hua no'er beoa oiled ; Who never could accept a cop, Who ne'er a drunk despoiled. Unless I chanced to hear tbe ohink ' , Of loose cash iu tbe fob, Of course 'tvaa then toy duty To snavvie every bub — He happened to have on bim, A* 1 hur/y hjzo to *jnod ; There's no trouble,9 if you're up to snuff, Juliylngon tbe nod. Now, the pious Brunker was so wronght' Qpon by the visions of opportunities of acquiring wealth opened np by these lines that in agony of regret he cijied, 'though the chances of financial finnicking are great as an auctioneer, yet ate they as nought when compared with the, opportunities, possessed by the police/ And his soul re* fused to be comforted by words ot sympathy poured into his ears. And the ttlder for Japan, concerned to find that one so ancient and sanctimonious as the Unctnoue One should be so covetons of wealth, said unto him:— 'Cease thy oaterwanlingi 1 pray, for Jt appears to me that thou hast done fairly well for thyself in thine own line of bie, and itgetteth over me how thon ever succeeded In working thy way into tby present position in the Coanoil of the Elders ; for to say thou hast any legisla* tive ability at all would be a lie of the deepest dye, and any physiognomist would say of thee that for all the intellectuality shown in the expression of thy face, it might be carved out of lignum ritae.' Now« Tater Young, wishing to save the Unctuous One from' further attack by Johu the Jap, asked Holy Joe, tbe miner, if it wub true that onsot the recenty imported Lu is had met w f'jk an accident, thereby breaking an arm or leg, or any other part of his anatomy. And Holy Joe in reply said : 1 It grleveth me, Brethren, to note tbe small amount of interest that tir taken in the cattle 'imported by tbe dcfunct Nari , Nan, '.into the land; ^for had later Voung au interest in the welfare of the bulls in question be ou'd know tbat with them all w%9 well, yet perhaps is he confounding the animal he is asking about, with the leader of the XobyiteB, for there is sLdoag these balls oae named Toby aad as the leader of the Tobyites hath, lately met with a mishap similar to that described by bim, the mistake may seem exousable, and to re move all feeling of embarrassment over the affair, I will intone the following lines Once on a time there lived two bulls, They both were named Tobias; Though one was reared iu foreign lands, The other grew up nigh us. And, strange to say that one, Jo-kook, He named one Kke tbe t'other, Be kept:the human. on a hook, The bovine on a tether. 