FRlIDAY. AUGUST19th, 1898. MUNICIPAL COMMITTEES. From. the* tenbur of cominonbs we' have heard' made regarding the action' taken by a s.bcommittee of the local uihiro council, wcd A6e afraid that sonilo misunderstandinigexists as' ti' the functions 6of municipalr donimrittees iit the minds of mtny ratopayers.. To en deavour to throw light into this matter,. .and to prevent- a wroqg impression from remainingi with regard to same is our present object. We refer,.ofbourei, to the sub-committee appointed to deal ,witlih aolaim of £25 made against the local council by Mr. G. Whiting. for loss of a pony, occasioned through' tile" animal breaking one of its lege'by putt ting it 'through a hole in, a~ culvert. The members of that committee were the president and Crs. Dunn, Scale, and Ladb: - On the-day appoiritedi6r enquiring into the-merits of'thle'elbam, tlhe piesident was unavoidabl'i?hsent, but the'. rmaining members heard all the evidence then avairable,arid m'ade a- recommendation to'the couiicil at its ,next meeting. As it was though des irable that further evidenc6 shouil'd be obtained, the matter was referred bg :the council back to the conimitteo:fbr further consideration, the, members of committee readily assenting. A second mooting was : duly hield' and.' fartl'ie evidence adduced. The result was that the three members who had heard all that had' to Ie said' on lioth occasions found that on the. evidence' produced they were ednscientiously: bound to' practically" recommend-a' verdiot- for Mri. Whiting foi' the amouht clained, and the recommendation was endorse'd by a mnijority ofthe'cobinecil at its next meeting;' the president;: who ikniew' the animal, perhaps, better.than any other nienibei, .diesenig, he had~alf& 'eel right to do, froni the £iding.of his col leagues on the.committe.,, .This is, we 411 6 enterig id bto detaile;a trueand concis'e?ateimenof the actions of -he. 6iomminittee; Grave exception ,r garding_ this result:i hbl een taken by many-personsi. wlio- yonsider that too large a 'nmin 'was' awarded Mr. Whitiig; y 'W ithout offering an opinion upon " the matter, ourselves, let us reason the matter out, and ]et justice b-'dhalt to th9 pqmmitteo., The mem. ers comprising that body wore ap pbinted 'by the' council - 'hold an inquiry. Their"fui?tions assumed" a semi-judicial chdracter, and the mom bhrs were' to: all' intenxts and 'purposes for the time being placed in a magister ial capacity, demanding of them a stern performance of duty'on behalf of the ratepayers and , for their own cons; cienbes' sake. They had no personnl acquaintance-with. the cause of the accident, and but ve.yslight knowledge of the animal whose death, brought forth the inquiry, saving in the latter case, as we have said, the president himself : To-faithfully carry out their d' ,ify they had to deal with evidence alone. Hearsay reports and private feelings had to be thrust on one side. It is said (but wt" are open to contra diction on this point) that the whole of the evidence adduced went in sup portof.the claim made by Mr. Whiting; and that no rebutting evidence a. to the animal'svalue was brought forward, iuch being the case, what else could the committeo'do than to bring in a1 recommendation in accordance iithi the evidence produced I They would orr have been unfaithful to the trust re- eni posed in them, and unfit to occupy the be public positions they hold had they tra allowed :their personal .feelings ?or out 'side reports to away their finding con trary to the actual evidlence tendered: Webelieve that the whole of the mem- b hers of the committee personally: esti mated the actual. market value of the pony at a less din .than. that clinedI but-the question arises in a case-ofthis. kind-What is the vhaiueof an animal to its ovwrier It. isntt 'tlihe market value of the beast But' its 'worth' to the owner, and. that worth had to be,.and re was, denionstratfed' to the cobmnittee. rs In discussing this question at the open 1, council- table, Cr. Sharp gave an apt' illdstration' of the,worth of. a lhorse; Hd said he owned 'an animUal that wouIld not bring .a £3 bid in any;sale yajd in the colony where it was not b known, but he could put it to so many b uses, it was so tractable, es quiet at railway stations and in other places of a buotly excitement and noise, that £20 Scoald ii puirchaie is li' Kl?.KolTy,. of Darlingford, informs us that he has horses,which, put intda sale-yard,would not bring £6.apiece, 1b t which are so used to his work ?intiheranges that they are invaluable to him. and, money would scarcoly buy; theni .' These' ii stances could be enlarged ad infinitum, but they are sufficient to show conclus ively that' if a mian' losei an animal,. through; say, the fault of a municipality, it would not be fair to'pay only what is termed the market value of the boast. It may be' said, and is said, that Mrl. Whiting was.paid a sum in 'excess: of both fthe market and'useful, .value of the pony. Perhaps he was, 3 bdt the evidence,-it is 'said, did not prove that fact,.and.if: i did not,:.the committee had no option.but to act as they did, and reasoning men- will and, should give them credit for so acting. The liability of. the :oouncil:in this. oh matter is another and afar widerques "tioni According, to the ruling of threew -V'ictoriarnjudges--altlhougli ~lheydliffer in, degree-munioipalities.aro not liable for acccidents that occur.o u their road-: ways, but the opinion, of- the majority. of leading counsel' iin"Vellfburne is that the decision of. tliocourt will be over-: -ruled on the very first -appeal made: or And which' ni?nictialitys-i;a ,ging to ass, pay the piper.in' theeovent of an appeal e'. beinig made'T ' The'lCilinore Shire,after spending itrhandsomo.sumin unsuccess* fully defending a, case in .a similar Sabtion brought against it in the County 'Court; fhast yieldeI up the. ghost. ,vi deitly after talking tiho' best advice-; and our- opinion, gained from legal gentlemen, is thlt the" present council Jlal:saved'. the ratepayers several huui. :dreds of pounds by accepting the rec we ommendation?: of - a, much i.btt erron' on douslyabused committee of its members. ?al" Consolence and duty alikelenmrid 'that io these committees shall, like our judges, he juries, and magistrates,,bring in a yer iit diet .appcýtling to: the evidenc. sub. n mittol~,t themi To. do otherwise? er,. would bea groes bieaoli of tent, aldd on it were better that the' shire should is pay many pounds in excess.of the mIar e, koet value of at boastithii itsr?epresent tal atives should act in any but an ho~nest he and faithfl ~mandrer":.'.;T trn? t? i rt ter fir under notice we believe that both the ie- assentiig' and'dissenting parties:'have it aeted as their consciences-dictated was. rt. right,. and .we ignore, as- puerile, any re' idea that either membersof 'cornuttee, e, or counoil have been iqfluenced bebiiuse 'r Ma Gi fW s.li'iisthalie- laiueat; ; It m, will be a- iorry day for'the muniiopaity t. hould' its. iuinicipal -represeitativoes. all ever ,descend .to so low a 'status ass to de be guilty of any such thing..,., , its . 