THE trtio history of the retrenchment effected by the Government during this year would be interesting as an example of " How not to do it. There is £5,000 saved by closing a certain number of country schools, there is i'3,000 or £1,000 saved by closing hospitals, and there are a few hundreds saved by the reduction in nurses' salaries. That the Premier is penny-wise and pound foolish has often been said, but the accusation has never been quite so obviously true us at the present moment. The estimates provided for a surplus of a few thousand pounds, but that surplus has, no doubt, proved a myth. But, surely, if it be necessary to cut down the expenditure in order to make ends meet, it is not necessary to attack institutions of such vital importance to the colony as the schools and the hospitals. A few thousand pounds saved by taking away the means of education from our children is surely a most expensive economy, ind in a climate such as ours and with the bard conditions of life obtaining, hospitals are necessary to prevent people dying like rotten sheep under a bough shed or a canvas roof. There are some debts to humanity which eve y respectable government is d bound to pay. It was no generosity on f the part of the Government to supply l the goldiields with hospitals, where the hardy men, who came to deserts and built cities thereon, might receive proper attention in their hours of sickness. The hospitals are necessary, and a duty. So also are the schools. But the main point which the public should consider is that with all this retrenchment and petty economy, Sir John Forrest is as far away as ever from making ends meet. The revenue is falling off, and the Premier seems powerless to arrest the financial decay, While there are tens of thousands of pounds lost, the Premier is looking for an item of expenditure which may be cut down so as to save a hundred pounds. He is like a man who, having dropped a purse full of money, hunts high and low for the pennies, aud leaves several sovereigns lying in the gutter. The truth of the matter is that Sir John Forrest knows bsolutely nothing about finance. It s truo that no financier can altogether revent the fluctuations of prosperity, ut he can always look about him for new means of raising revenue, or or a means of lessening depression. ur worthy Premier has taken fright t a ghost of a deficit, and is cutting mvn everybody's pocket-money withut the slightest compunction. wboU.BOmCi WOLFE'S SCH^Im it helps delicate stomachs. JJuy whole fittles,' •.- ••. . •. O 