MR. SHARPE'S ROMANCE. (By " Wanderer," in the Adelaide Observer.) 'So you have fallen a victim at last, and are about to be led like a lamb to the slaughter,' said Mr. Sharpe, re garding me aritb an air in which pity > and contempt were nnmiatakabtj evi dent. ' If I were not anre tbat your puniebment will indeed fit tbe crime, I would inflict on you tbat aoeient ebeetnut about baiter and alter, but, in eonaideration of the many pleaaant evening* 1 bare apent in thia toon to-be- deaerted room I will apare you tbat crowning torture. By-tbe-vray, what am I to do with myaelf after tbe interesting ceremony—aa tbe repor ters call it—cornea off P I bare grown •0 accustomed to drop in here when I bare an erening to myeelf, tbat I bave come to regard tbia easy cbairas ay own property, and I can assure you I don't by 'any means look for ward with pleaaore to my approaching eviction. Joking apart, though, I think from what I know of the lady tbat you bave made a wise choice— that is, if there be any wisdom at all in such a hazardous experiment—and I heartily wish you every joy and prosperity.' Tbe reader will doubtless gather from tbe foregoing remark* that I waa in tbe bliisful condition of a newly-engaged man. I bad made tbe plunge only tbat afternoon, and, on my friend's arriral for his customary -chat, bad nnboaomed myaelf to bim with some trepidation, I must con fess, knowing, as I did, what a con firmed old bachelor he waa. I was prepared, therefore, for his little out burst, tbe sting of which wss entirely removed by his hearty congratula tions, accompanied, aa tbey were, by ' a band-grip tbat made my fingers tingle. ' My dear fellow,* f replied, nursing f my crashed digits tbe wbile, ' I was Ig^qiiite anre, in-spite of your eternal htoiradea against tbe fair eex, tbat you SkjjjUuld be charmed with my choice. Slstt U really tbe b wee test' ®°y,®3pare me, for heaven's sake apare old cbap,' exclaimed, t-hnrpe, T^^*ading ont bis bands aa if to ward g^|:. an impending blow. * Of course, -.jptjwe'e tbe very sweetest, and ereiy P*tbing Mae tbat is superlatively good. I'll take all that for granted. .Poor fellow!. I can sympathise with you. I Vn been through the null tpytelf,| icd, although it'a a long rime ago, I remember tbat tbe English language seemed bald and meauiugleei to tat' wbeo I tried to express ay feelings is it * Here Sbtrpe pasted abruptly, aod alter (taring into tbe in for come moments, sigbed bearjfy. Then, a* be once toon (creed toward* tea aod fonod cue staring at him in aadw guised astonishment, be smiled esdly, a<»l said with a (bate of bis bead : ' Yob can't belief* tbat I also bar* bad my little romance ? Well, I can scarcely wonder at it couasdering tbe way I bare Isugbed to acorn jour susceptibility to feminine wiles, but I an rery bard bit once. I bare oerer spoken to yon of thia paetsge in at; life; tbe (object » too paint a I to atacd moeb touching upon, fact, since tbe day on (rbicb I was left a (ridoirer yet tin married, 1 bare bogged my »error to my heart, aod rtaeoted fiercely any and every effort, however kindly meant, to drag it forth. Somehow, tbe aigbt of yopr face to- night, beaming with that happiness wbicb once irradiated my own, carrier me back to tbat dreadful time- Abcit omen! I treat tbat yonr wedding day may be aa bright aa mine wa« gloomy. I'll abotr yon what baa kept me aingle all there yeara; it wm tbia.' Aa ba spoke, Sharpe unbuttoned bis *eat, and taking a a mall leather esse from an inside pocket, opened it, and handed it to me. I aaw tbat it •aa the miniature of a girl beautifully painted on irory, and drawing tbe lamp closer I bant down to examine it more miatrtoly. It waa an ex quisite face that looked back at me Irom iu aetting of jet black wary bair, tbe artial'a cunning giriug an aimed life-like brilliance to tbe dark luclrout eyea, fringed with long curling laabea, and tba peacb-like cheek io wbicb tba colour eeemed to come aod go- It was a good free; too, aa well aa lorely, a face wbicb seemed to grow on one, aa it were,' aod aa I closed tbe esse and passed it back to my friend 1 no longer won dered tbat bo bad remained proof ■gainst tbe fascinations of other •omen. Sbsrpe pressed tbe miniature to bia lipa, tben gated at it for a momrnt io silence. •Poor Mary,' said be at length, •itfa a mourofnl note io bis (oicel which X bad new beard before. ' Your'a was an unhappy fate, aod yet, •bo knows? Perhaps all was for tbe best Onr ideals were aet bigb, and bad tbey not been attained your life might bare been full of tain regrets, •beieaa, now if there be a bearen, you are certainly one of tbe brigbted spirits there. Do you know, Tom, tbat since my darling's death I bare leaned more and mote to the belief tbat after death tbere is nothing, nothing at all; tbat as we fall so we lie, with no more life or feeling »h«n ao many beasts of tbe field or bird* of tbe air. Barely, if tbere were an hereafter, the spirits of (bote who hare gone before would find eome mean* of communicating with tbe dear ones left here behind, eome channel by wbicb a menage might be sent fa tboae who were more belored then life ittelf./telliog them to be of gopd cheer, to atroggle brarely on through trials and temptation*, know ing tbat wbeo their earthly coarse was run, they could bow their beads before tbe Sing of Terrors, not only without fear, but absolutely rejoic iog in tbe certainty of a speedy reunion beyond the grace. But enough of uueb rain speculations. It is only an idle waste of time aod breath to argoe on either aide of a riddle ao utterly beyond any human suiting, tbe rights of which are can only learn when we hate passed to that undiscovered country from whose bourne no traveller returns.' My courtship had a tragic termi nation. If it will not weary yon in yonr present mood, I would like to tell yen tbe story of that tragedy. It waa a nine-days' wonder at the time but it eoon died out of other people's memories; aod, the ghost once laid, I have been careful never to resusci tate it.' I waa much affected by Sbarpe'a j obvious emotion. My dear old friend,' I said, laying my band oo hie arm, *do not imagine that my happioeaa prevents me from •ympatbiaiog with you in your trouble. Nay, I can feel more deeply for you now than ever before, know* iog wbst my own sorrow would he were I to lose the woman 1 lore. Speak oo tben, aod fake what com fort you can from tbe fact tbat your tale is poured into the ear of one Who thinks of you as a brother, aye, more tban a brother—a true friend.' 8barpe thanked me. with another lightly handclasp, and, dealing his throat, proceeded as follows:— It is now fifteen years einee I first saw Mary Fordyce. About a year after I joined tbo service here, wbeo I waa beginning to be looked on by mj iupwioi oSon u ntket « promising recruit. I m told off ; to asset one -of our Mcitr act is a big cue of housebreaking out 00 the south side The bonne which bad been burgled me lb* wtHcmcrfftchtc Professor Allan, * net uirmtllf looked «tp to mote for lit kind tent edneee tbM tm eooosDt of bis learn ing or wealth, although both wees (test. la the Ptvfeaeor*a feorily time ess living at the time a gmt oaf, wbose intelligent IdmMisc eras main If instrumental la muricg tba tm«t of tk# thi*TM, and as ay principal left a good desl of tk» rrcrk to ma, 1 had many opponent tea of improving mp aoqaaintanca with the girl—for aha was aparcslp out of bar taaaa. That governess eras Miss Fordpo*. I wish yoa could have seen bar as aba was then. Tbis minister* esrUinlp is a faithful likeness so far salt goaa, but H is impossible for it to pourtrey bar chief beauty, that ir resistible plsf of feature which made ber fair lacs aa index to every thought of pttra aoal within, that ex presaioa, which rincgicg with trroj varied emotion, eeemed to make each u* phses morebswilderinglp beauti lol than the last. With ma it waa gennina eaea of lors at first eight; with bet tha process was elowar bat equally para and it was with a fad ing of raptors, that ersn after all these pasta makes mp heart bound and mp pal as quicken, that I at last aaw aa answering light la bar glorioas ajas, aad heard bar sweat lips falter forth the confession that I waa all tha world to her, bar king, her lover, her vatp life itself. Ah those wete halcpon daps. We were both pooag: fall of jop and hope, aad imbued with an earnest desire to do moas good la the world. Manp worn tha plana we discussed for tha amelioration of onr fallow creators* doting oar onlp too brief sad in* frequent interviews, meetings which gained aa added streets ass from being stolen, for nntil 1 reoeived mp promotion with the increase of aalarp attached to it, we jadged it wisest to keep oar secret to onraelves. There was so actual necessity for doing ao; hiarp waa aa orphan, aad had no one to please hot herself, bat I imagined that tha high-toned familp in which she waa domesticated might take ambrage at mp profession, aad make mp renunciation the price of bar oon* tinned residence among them. I knew well what her answer woald bo wore oach a choice offered her, bat U woald have been difficult for bor to have got another situation in which che would have boon treated half so well, therefore 1 determined not to risk an aolairiaaement nntil I had a home reedp and fit for ber to walk into. That waa a fatal resolution. Bad 1 bnt known what an entirely different manner of man Professor Allen was from what 1 thought, I would have gone straight to him with mp tale, and alt would have been well. Bnt there, what's the use of talking about It f No one knows better than I how vain a thing it is to rebel against fate, but pet 1 can't help picturing mpself sometimes as an old married man going home after my dap's work happy la the thought that her dear face awaited me at the gate wreathed in lie very beet smiles for the occasion, while two atardp bops clung to her skirts, eager to know when dad wae coming to give them that promised ride on his shoulder. Ah me! euoh a sight oan never gladden my eyes now, and perhaps it la better so. Perhaps X am happier in the thongbt-of what might have been than if mp hopes bed had their fruition. In the wear and tear of a mettled life mp golden image might have turned into vary poor day in deed, whereas I oan always think of her now ate the one perfeot women I have met In this world. For over a year all went well with us, there wae not a single cloud on onr horizon, and 1 reckoned that another six months would bring me the long wiehod-for step which would enable me to offer my darting a home which, If not luxurious, would at least be replete with every' comfort. While matttem wete at this stags a nephew of Professor Allen's turned up from the Continent, where fas had been studying languages tot some years, and took up hie abode with the family- Soon after his arrival I notioed that Hary'e face had a worried look, and on pressing her to tell me what oiled her. ehe said that poung Nortbcote—the Professor's nephew— hed been making violent love to her, and that no expostulations or refusals on her pert to listen to them, had any offset in mahing him cease his persecution. Tou can imagine howl felt when X heard thie. I fairly j boiled ovit with wrath, and had it not boon for Mary'* entreaties X i would have sought ont ths scoundrel i then and there, and threshed him •riLhis ma inch of hie life. Her g*fl»«WM«le prevailed, hnmo, and I pmiati tx4 to bf beads on lbs villain, bat to content xcjaelf with seeing bint end informing bow metiers stood between Xiijr sod toe. With that object in view 1 laid sail with bint one evening, and M him jus* m be left bit dab. Having apoiogiaai for stopping I intrndnoed myeelf, and, in at few erords n pos sible, explained the ei fetation to (dot. He baaed ae ont with a glowing In, •oleaoe in hie look which made my flit abnt involuntarily, and then edd, witb an air to ianBtotiy insnlting that ft made my blood boil:— * * Whit —— impertinence! never beard of end • thing. The ides of * common poiicetnsn daitog to raise biayje, to a lady finch pre sumption ehill be puridd ss it deserves, you an; depend. When yonr Chief been of your on paralleled effrooterj yon will, so doubt, be taught a ieaaoD ae trill keep too ef fect osllj from meddling in future witb what m mete for yonr masters. Know, fellow, that I id tend to marry Mian Fordyee myeelf. Bbe is not—' ' He did sot finish the eeoteDce. I bad reetrained myeelf with difficult while be wm heaping inenlte on me; but when be spoke of msnying my sseet Mary, it waa mote than I could stand. " Ton lying honed!' I cried, and the next instant be waa at retched bleeding sad aenselees at my feet, don't think I ever bit a man to bard before or since, and the only thing Inn tony for is that the blow did not km him. Had it done so I might base been imprisoned for life, bat my Mary's life would hare been eared. The street was very quiet at the same time, so that no one actually saw the blow struck, and before a crowd could j gather, Korthcote recovered con sciousneas end struggled to bia feet, i I will nerer forget the look be gave me. finch e concentrated gaze of diabolical bate, fury, and erery other eril passion I hare nerer encountered. "Wait!* he hissed through his clenched teeth, as he wiped the blood wfaieh streamed from a deep cut on bit forehead, yon shall psyfor this. I will shoot yon like a dog, if I have to wait twenty yean for the chance; bnt before doing so I will wound you in a tenderer place. I will drag your sweetheart through the mud until she becomes ao vile that men will shudder at the eight of her. . Ah, strike me again,' as I strode towards him with clenched fists, 'she shall feel every blow ten thousand times.' • I stayed my band. If I had struck him again I would have murdered him. I knew it-—knew that onee my passion bad fall swing I would not htre ceued till I bad crashed the breath ont of his craven carcase, and 1 .scarcely fancied being hanged for killing such a thing as he. I gazed steadily into his blaring eyes for a moment, then turned on my heel nnd walked rapidly away, followed by a volley of imprecations that would hare pnt to shame the moat degraded larrikin in the city. I fully eipected to be 'carpeted' next day, bnt for some reason Korthcote kept silence, attributing his wonods tola fall when getting ont of a cab. His manner to Mary underwent a great change, too. He abandoned altogether' his dis tasteful love-making; and endeav oured in every possible way to remove the bad impression he bad already made. Mary was quite delighted with the change, poor girl, bnt I scented some deep game in all this, and warned ber to,be more careful than ever. So well did Korthcote play bia part, however, (bat even 1 began to think as the. months passed by that he bad really given np all ideas of revenge. What an idiot I-was! Jont when X was: congratulating myself on the fact that eveiytfaing was/going smoothly, the blow fell; Ndrthcote agsin proposed to Mary. He bad to 1 ingratiated himself with ber. and.enr-j rounded her with^so many delicate attentions that she had: quite grown to like him, therefore' this sodden | proposal, to which who eonld only give one answer, pained her exceedigly. fa the gentlest manner possible she told him that her heart vim given to another, and tbatehe could hever be more than a friend tovbim, and then the man's real nature broke loose. He ravedat ber liken madman, using language which fortunately was nn. intelligible to the horrified girl, and finally rushed from the room declaring that be: wqnld aooner kill her than allow any other man to possess her. Now,~tbat very. morn ing my long wished for promotion had at list been confirmed by the chief, and I was on the point of harrying to tell Mary the joyful tidings' when she appeared, tearful and agitated, to give me an account of the terrible aeeoe she had just had with Korth cote. X comforted heras well as I could, and when she became calmer told her of my good fortune, and pro. 9 'M>d tjie: irrt'fllHp itoowinij interview Professor Allen. We found ihe old gentleman in bis ttodj, and holding each other by the band code nnr rnnfrmimi To my rapve fct raised no ob jeebooa aliteiWi and after satisfying bimsrif that I waa in a to maintain *a wife in comfort, gue na his Unmg and soMBOced ha intention of giving tie taidtisifHStSu bearing all the H|WO» of the wedding. We had been waiting ao long toat aafter of at wished to postpone «nr happiuees, ma that day week was fixed npon far the ceremony. Sow those atx days slipped awajl My nini was in such a whirl that they seemed to actually fly. Nortbcote had disappeared too, no one knew whither, so that there was no jarring element to «■» oar bliss. At last the day arrived, and after a hur ried breakfast, during which I consulted my watch at least fifty times, I got into my new Crock coat and lavender unmentionables, and drove to the Cbnrch to await my beantifnl bride. A crowd had gathered ronnd the door, bat in my then frame of """d f had eyes for only one, and never even glanced at any of the faces around me. Presently Professor Allen'a carriage drove np, and ont jumped the good man himself, torn, ing immediately to hand ont a lovely vision in white, at whose appearance there was a general nrarmnr of admiration bom the bystander*. I stepped forward, and waa about to take her band, when auddenly the crowd was rent as under and a man sprang forth, the light of an inaaoe passion blaring in her eyes, and in his hand a heavy Col Pi revolver. Horror! it waa Nortbcote. As be levelled straight at my heart, Mary saw him, and with a ccream flung her self npon my breast with ber arms ronnd my neck, just as the hammer; fell. Ifidt the figure in my arms] give a convulsive jerk, and at the: same instant a sharp stinging pain shot ronnd my right aide, lhe ballet had gone dean through Mary's body and wonnded me slightly in the ribs, before the miaereant could fire again toe crowd was npon bim, toe revolver torn from hie grasp, and he himself knocked dowo and kicked and tram pled on until he became nuconadons, when two constables came npon toe scene and removed him in a cab to the hospital. Bnt I waa only dimly conscious of ell this. What eared I if toe eky fell, while I held in my arms all that was dear to me on earth, and watched in unutterable agony the paling of my darling's cheek and the glaring of ber dark eyes which were forced in one long, last look of ineffable tenderness npon my own. '' For God's sake, fetch a doctor.' I cried, but Mary smiled faintly and shook ber he&d.; ' 'I—am dying,' abe whispered brokenly,' but I—have saved—your life—my own! Kiss me, dearest, for toe—last time.* ' I pressed my lips to hers in a long clinging kiss, while toe scald ing tears van down ; my cheeks and almost blinded me.' "Good-bye; darling,* she whis pered again; ' I will await your .' A gasp, a choking rush of blood from her month, a slight shiver of the beautiful limbs, and all waa over. 'For weeks after that I knaw nothing. Brain fever, the doctors eatlf a broken heart, I could have told them. .When I was convalescent; they told uu thatNortboote had! been Imaged, hat what satisfaction was that to me? If he had' fifty lives 'had lost them all, it would mot give me baek my Mary. Since ' then all women have been alike to me, beings to be avrided, lest perchanoe I might meet one who in oome way reminded me of her who iejgone, and so teer open afresh the wound that fifteen* years have soeroely served to heal? " ''TV I made no comments on 8harps's stogy. There are some griefs that ate too deep for words, but the pros* ante of my hand told him, better then ell the'speeches in toe world,* that his sorrow had found another heart to abate its burden. 