ROMANCE OF AN ACTRESS. At tbe last Salon in Paris a plaster bust of Mile Clairon, by the sculptor,. Henri Gauqnie, in collaboration wito the arohiteet, Guillaume, attraoted considerable attention. Now the French journals announce that the mends ot tne arama in jcrance propose to have a marble copy of the bust erected in toe publio B'quare of toe town of Oonde sur- Escaut, the birthplace of La Clairon. Clairon was toe Bernhardt of her time. She was so puny as a baby that immediately after her birth she was, like Voltaire, hur ried to the ohurch to.be baptised. Btit when the church was reached it was found to be dosed. The parsonage, too, was empty. The priest and Ms vicar were at a Masque rade ball, for ii was" the day of the town oarnival, ; and tbe priest was helping Ms parishioners to celebrate it. The baby was carried! at once to the ballroom, where the priest was disquised as a harlequin and the vicar as a clown. They judged the baby's condition to be sufficiently critioal to deMand immediate attention. So they stopped the music then and there, and taking the neces sary materials from a sideboard, performed the rite. But they need not have been in Buoh haste; for the life-thread of the baby was not to be out until 79 years later. They called the baby Claire ; her full name ; is given as Claire-Hippolyte- Josephe Legris'de Latude. Clairon had;to_ harsh mother who used to punish her by locking her np in an isolated room. Opposite to this room lived Mile .Dangeville, who became one of: the greatest of soubrettes. Clairon used to see her taking Binging lessons and lessons in dancing ; she used to see her receiving the praise and encouragement of her family ; she was pained at the difference between her own life and that of her neighbour, and what she saw and felt fired her with an ambition to become an actress. The first visit that Clairon made to a theatre had such an effect on her that during the whole time of the play, and the rest of toe evening she conld not bo made to speak. She says, in her ' Memoirs,' that after returning from the theatre, .the only toing she heard that night was the command, Go to bad, you big goose!' She ran off to bad only to remain awake, going over in ber mind all that she had seen and heard at the theatre. The next morning; she astonished her friends and relatives by. repeating more than a hundred verses of the tragedy and about two-thirds of the little play. But this did not please her mother. She said she would rather her daughter knew how to make a diress or a nightgown. Still the ohild persisted - in following tho course that she had mapped out for herself, and blows and slaps were power less to turn her. Threats to starve her, and to break her bones if she . did not work, only angered her to toe point of exclaiming — ' Kill me, then, at once, for otherwise I shall go upon the stage !' . At length she became toe pupil and after wards the rival of the celebrated Marie Franooise Dumesnil; and ber interpretation of Oorneille, Racine, and Voltaire led Baohaumoat to say— ' Hardly is she an nounced before the house is filled ; the moment Bbe appears she is applauded with the utmost einthuBiasm : she is the most finished -work of arty she is Melpomene embellished toy Phidias.' While at the height of her fame Clairon was visited by countesses and princesses. She was the intimate of such men as Marshal de Richelieu, J. F. Marmontel, the Marquis de Ximenes, and the Margrave of Auspaoh. Louis XV. himself eame to see her, and of him she said to Mme de Pompadour : — ' He owes his royalty to ohanoe, I owe mine to genius.' For her unruliness she was imprisoned in Fort l'Bveque. She transformed her prison into a banquet room, giving sumptuous suppers. The carriages of her visitors were lined up outside the prison door, as though in froot of the door of an hotel. Her per sonal appearance at the age of 22 or 23 was thus described by a contemporary : 4 She is extremely pale ; her head is; handsome, and her eyes ate large and fall of fire." Her mouth i3 ornamented with beautiful teeth, and her throat is well placed. She arisas without affectation, her form is graceful, and she has a very modest address. Without being an accomplished beauty she is a per son that anyone would call oharming.' - But Clairon was not alone great as an aotress ; her writings relative to the roles of her repertoire have been pronounced excel lent pieoes of literary criticism. Among other things she wrote a manual for players, entitled ' Reflexions sur la Deolamation Theatrioale. Sheis credited with having been the first to conceive toe idea of a conservatory where aotors should receive all the instruc tion necessary in their art, and she is said to have been among the first to see the powerful offeot produced by. the realism of the English stage. Frenoh drama has been adjudged to be greatly indebted to her for what she did introduce into it an element of resemblance to truth. She effeoted a revolution in costume, ridiculing the ideas of playing Roxaha, one ot her triumphs, in robes a la Franoais. Yet, in spite of '.her genius and intelligence, Clairon was superstitious. This has been attributed to the effect of the ghost stories and tales of witchcraft with which her childhood was filled. . In the story of her life she relates as a fact that a suitor whom she had rejected sent for her on Mb deathbed ; that she jref used to go ; that at 11 o'olook in the" evening," when she gave the refusal, the company assembled at dinner in her house heard a strange and pieroing ory of anguish ; that she fainted ; and that every evening at toe same hour the same cry was heard ! A few weeks later the ory ceased ; but in its place eame a pistol shot through her window. Everybody saw the flash, but the window remained whole. . Detectives were set to watoh in the belief that some servant was playing a triok, but at the same hour night after night the same thing occurred, and nobody oonld be seen. One night when Clairon was taking fresh air on a piazza the shot oooured at the nsnal hour, and she felt a strong slap - upon net onees. Another time when she was riding past the house where toe rejected suitor died three shots were fired through the windows of the ooaoh. The ooaohman thought it: was an attack of robbers and wMppednp the horses. The shots, after several nights, gave place to hand- clasps, whioh were followed in their turn by an enchanting voice singing a beautiful and touohing air. One day an old lady dressed in blaok called to see Mile Clairon. She was a relative of the rejected one, and. she told the great aotress that, having been with him in his last, moments, she heard him exolaim when informed of Clairon'a : refusal to visit him — 4 1 shall fol low her when I am dead, as I have followed her in my lifetime !' At last toe great Clairon fell into disfavor, and sank back into her original poverty. Dressed in wornout clothes, she lived daring her last days in a single room, whioh she was forced to sweep herself. She was buried in toe Cemetery of Pore la Chaise. For a long time her tomb was neglected, bat lately the Gomedie Francaise has had it repaired. Such is the story of La Clairon, who is called the foremost tragic aotress of toe eighteenth- century A Frenoh journalist said of her — 4 She started from notMng, and to nothing she returned, after having swung round the oircle that passes over the peaks of glory.'- ' ' - : ./ - " 