T?*rVYAY TftEWINO SLOWS, ' A Snstt of ia 6n« Aef. OT wia ABBtrauan Agonies in Hie % on inaetfttion m MitehAnf on. gift ML tStontefcron^ ib« toer Say %hen Jje^-«U^e'd tee Attorney; aaernJ in tee ^ ■:-MA-V. ' Dramatis Peii-sohae. M'.te -.»■ . , ; w M .-To --V/'-': King O'MalJey, M.P» 'Aw. ., weene— Attorney-General'e offiee; CATHY frowning oyer newspaper.. .iP*. (toiacbeS teeM j enter siijaEbaari liim to dtfr dtiguftt preewtte. ^ T, -{Enter T. Price MP.)>• " -T.^I .come i>n tee wjnga Of loVe, My Lord. My devotion to tliee in an that of the piotos Moslem to Mahomet's shrine, .tj.—Ha) but thy speech At Mitcham fast *hght belies Thee. In, this tbricfrHceutsed ItegiBter/' teat oft doth vex my soul, I find that thou hoorayest Oyer my discom fiture at the hands of a rebellious Judge. Here, read for thyself, and say if 'tis true or false? . T.—Thcre is undoubtedly a modicum of ti-oth.m it, My Lord, but-^—= , ,%, UP me no buts! 80,"when thy leader s face is slapped thou clappestthy pawn. T .—Nay,.My Lord, I spoke bat in metai Phot. If the.rebellious Jlidge should slap that seraphic phis Whose effulgence daz sleth the Labour Party like unto tee electric light, then Wonld that Judge, if thy Servant was within cboee, think that the ghost Or Tom Sayers had landed him one on the jawer. ('•^-1 mistrust tby devotion of late, Thomas, in spite of thy protests. But ex plain the meaning Of jthyspebeh. Is the labourer not worthy of his mopuScs? T.—Ay, My Lord, and also the lawyer, bnt the two should lump their shekels to gether and divide equally. , C.—Thomas, my friend, give thy Social istic fads a rest, and answer a question or two. Doth the Labour Party begin to waver in its allegiance to its leader? Did I not faithfully promise to lead them to the Elysian iields, to browse for ever on beer and skittles? T.—You did, JVly Lord, but tliey think you ve missed the track, and that you're leading 'em to Hades. 0.—Explain yoiliself. ,T.—In tiie first, place, My Lord, they stomached not thy acceptance of title. J. hey liked not thy hobnobbing with the Prir.ce and his Satellites, neither do they lj;<e thy endearing attitude of fate towards Sir Chaffey, the aristocrat. C.—Pah! bosh ! bunkum! What else, pray? T—Well, craving my lord's pardon/they like it not that the people on the llialto f»y the cute Charlie hath made the Labour Party like unto the squeezed lemon ot the equate purveyor. And though they know their leader's valuable services of late in slopping "the Devil's own" from grab bing the whole of the assets in an insolvent estate, .Vet, knowing teat some of Pair Adelaide's six- and-eigbtponny Knights come not up to My Lord's high standard of honour, the Labour Party growleth much at his achy j« enforcing Jaw reform. 1.0.—'Thomas! Thomas! I fear me that at times tbou drawest strongly on thy imagi nation. )3ut what about 1'ntehelbr, Archie, and the rest; what say they? T-—Batchelor sayeth little, but like the sailor's parrot, which T doubt not My Lord hath heard of, he thinketh much. As for Archie, he peereth round like, tinlo owl in ivy hush, but not for a K.C.M.G.-ship would I harrow up My Lord's soul by repeating the fearful cries he ullerelh. (J.—Ila! Still, ail tin's satisfieth me not as to thy Mitchain speech. T.—Aly Lord, for that speech I enn hardly be held responsible; 'twas the lob ster that C.—The lobster! what meanest tbou; ar'fc trifling? T.—Hnlf an hour before J made that ill fated speech I partook largely of lobster rite-lb and it played up "Old Harry" with my J 0.—Get! get! ami Stand not on the order of thy getting. (Touches ml!!; enter See- j rotary.) Tom has made me feel <icnv',: iff 1 the dumps: T must have an antidote. King up the O'Mallcy. (Soliloquises.) I won der if Tom's Milch,am speech is the begin ning of the end. Am J. about to hid fare well, a long farewell to all my greatness? Kali! begone dull care! Yet I confess that— Secretary—The O'Mallev'p engaged, sir, busy insuring the lives of C.—Tell bun thai I require his presence here immediately, if not sooner. Elder King O'MnUey, M.P. O'M.—At your command! mv leader. May f enquire an to the health of the high priest of the glorious moon-eyed golden goddess (if democracy? 0.—I am deprcf«ed in spirits, my gallant roosii-m; vet inetl links thy crow already r.e.imeth the c-ockles 0/ my heart like is/do the hot sugared O.Y.G. with a slice of lemon. O'M.-To warm my adored leader's heart givefh his servant a Joy as exquisite as vesper hell givcth nuns devout, "('was but yesterday J returned from the Golden West. Would fihat I could ! mvc brought the Great KoukW with me to lay at my august master's feet. 0.—I should have not been surmised bndst thou done so, for veriiy, King, thou art a living wonder. O'M.—You honour me, sir. I sounded your pi air es and G.—And your own. O'M.—Ay, and. my own, to spellbound multitudes. My fiery eloquence rushing b ] lib Jibe the mighty torrent of my native Kb'gnra caused every battery within a radius of a hundred leagues to pause ,and listen. Shafts stood open-mouthed in wonder, slopes showered upon me their richest specie-ens, and when J'mentioned the r.ame of the great titled leader of Aus tralasian Democracy, every win re in Kal goorhe waltzed to the surface, and gave a cheer that re-echoed through the porticos cf the marble palaces at Perth. , G-—My dear King, thou mindent me of Mrs. Poyser s bantam, that lived and died m the firm belief teat the sun got up early every morning on purpose to bear him crow. O'M.—7 would hardly go as far as that, but on tiie word of a Bird o' Freedom, 1 can assure you, sir, that often and often have 1 caught the chaste moon peeping coyly over Mount Lofty A sylvan heights 1.0 catch a glimpse of my clustering am brosial locks and classically chiseled coun tenance. But will not my idolized leader enlighten his servant as to the cause of bis depression? G—Between ourselves, King, I am ill at ease. I bear the mutterings of the dis tant thunder that presage the coming storm. The Labour Party are no longer obedient to the whip, Tom Price spouts high treason, Archie, higher treason, and Batc-helor, ir he doesn't spout it, thinks ^Tttftf My Lord. Sununon tha traitors to . JToST sanctum instantly. Sa»t: thbu not Ithe front of Jove and wilt &0U ndt use "his thunders? Paralyse them withJ thy eagle eye. X^asH them with thy sting*, hw tongp6 a» With: a scorpion. ;; Then, W»iehrtl»y^wer befdrethee'.'..'lit abject terror,: and 'the halt, on their traitorous; «calj}8 6tn&da; lip in fear like uuills Upon i^ jpnadyiporeupinc, end :b6 their kneed thejF ^Etyi fpf mercy,- tb<m, -tod not till then, trot out thy never-failing supply Of blarney, _ Sutter them from topknot to toenail. premise Batchelor .a Bishopric, make Price Cremator- General, and Archie an Archangel, Then will tliey fall down and worship thee as of old, and thy reigrt will be long in the land of fads and fad diets, Whirroo! begorral and likewise bedad!. . • • . C«—My Yankee cherub, shake. Put it there. Thou hast made a new Premier of me. I feel now as Jolly as the end man of a nigger /minstrel show. King, my gay old peanut,.reach us down the banjo and listen to .1 Premier warbling thy virtues^ Q'Malley, you are just the boy To brutish grief and bring me joy; . Not like T. P., Who doth annoy A Premier with his speeches. So, while I've got bold King OMalley, My spirits 1 can always rally, To stand hard knocks like old Aunt Sally, In suite of Tommy's screeches.—Exit. JOHN RICHARDS. 