THE GOLDEN TRAP, r ... ....... - , 2 ; complete ar mis issvs. . ' by CHARLES D. LESLIE. . . corvBtonr. .. jC -IDNIGHT Ja was sink-- A/I1 mg as Mr. Sl Horbert Pnttison noared his liouse in Bloomsbury eipiare. ho was fum bling in his pocket lor Ins latehkoy when a suducu re- solvo made liitn de-. sist. < Perhaps it was ilio sudden puff of wind wliieh fanned his faco as lie stood,-' bearing a faint fra- granco from the flowers in the gar- den in the centre of the square, pevhups the recollection that he hud taken no exercise tlint day, or merely the idle'whim of an idle man with 110 one hut himself to couaidor, but a reluctance to onter the house aud go to bed uaiue upon him, and lie dee-ided to take a long walk through the empty London streets in whichever direction his feet carried him. The season was-Mtty and the subtle touch of spring had uot evaporated from tho breezo in spite of tho miles of bricks aud smoke it liad passed to reach 1 Bloomsbury, the. soft , 11 tangible air played round him caressingly, inviting him to remain out of doors: with u final glance at his house standing wrapped iu solemn silence and respectability, ho turned westwards. ' Ho walked swiftly, with the firm tread of n strong man, bis feet echoing ou tlio cmpty pavemoht, for he clioso tho less frequented roads. l>y this time almost deserted. It is impossible at any hour to find London streets entirely so, and as yet there wus plenty of traffic 011 the main streets, a little of which strayed into his path as he went along. A night cab passed him, drawn by a wretched liorse, two drunken men wero inside singing iu maudlin voices, the driver, half drunk also, thrashed the wretched horse, too weak to move beyond a shuffling trot; the whole forming a cynical commentary 011 tlio city which sends missionaries to every part of the globe. Here and there ho met a belated reveller returning'from theatre or music hall ; the face of a woman handsome once, hut showing haggard under her paint flushed 011 his under a temp post, further a wretched tramp sat crouching 011 a doorstep trying to snatch a few infinites'- sleep before the next policeman moved him on. Above nil twinkled the stars, looking down with serene disdain. . Sucli things were, such things would he, for the world alters little. Mr. Pnttison heeded nothing of what ho saw, he had been to a dull dinner party, then to his club, which had been equally dull, ho ' felt irrituble and restless, and devoted him self to walking off this feeling. He wus a hi if, good-looking mnn of about thirty, with a sonsitivo lip belied by his air of calm British stolidity ; well off, materially, lio would perhaps huvo been happier if obliged to work, but bo had 110 occupation or profession. Of courso lie liad a liobby, all idlo men liavo, it is the only tiling which prevents tbem from (lying of boredom. Ho was tho lnippy possessor of one of tlio finest collections of phina iu England. ' His bouse was full of tiliina cups and plates, they lined tho walls, they filled innumerable cubinets bought to hold them, they were tlio ono trouble of Miss Marian Heath, a relation of his mother's, who kept liouso for liiin, and whose placid existence wus only marred by the fear that a clumsy servant might break some procious sjM.H-.mieii of china-ware. "It was a curious coincidence that wliilo his feet, weio bearing him on to 1111 adventure ' destined to alter his whole existence, his mind wasdwcllingon theprossioness of modem '" '"'life in general and liis own iii particular. Ho wus feeling bored and unable to make up his ih'iud its to his future plans. Presently it occurred to him thathohadheou walking now for some time, lie. slackened his pace, und leukhig. round wondered whore he Was. His geographical knowledge of uorth- wost London was limited, tho Edgcwaro road wus a- long way behind him : what lay pest it and north of Paddington und Bayswator? Ho was now standing in a wide street and facing a row of houses fronted by tho usual tiny garden ; behind him wero gurdou walls, night hiding what lay behind. A lime raii off from tho road eloso by leading apparently to tho exits of the gardens. There was a certain amount of light from tho lamp-post opposite, and his eyes lcil.un something lying 011 the ground at tho entrance to the lano, something glittering. Ho stooped aud picked it up: it vans a sovereign. Ho held it ill his hand half arniised at liis find, it was ono of lifo's little ironies, that ho, well off, should find tho coin while there wero so main- thousands near to whom the discovery would liavo meant an , 'infinite piece of good luck. -' Thus thinking he looked 011 tho ground all ' round ; it wus a puicly mechanical instinct ' which everybody' docs on fiudmg anything. The lane was dimly lighted by twoorthreo gas temps at rare intcrvuls, there was jnst \- enough light for him to soo another sovereign : about four yards further down tho lime. Picking up tho second sovereign, ho now saw a third, aud then a fourth and fifth. Thnre_ was a track of them ext. ending down the 'lane placed at equal distances apart. Puttison followed tho goldou path, piokiug up each coin, his excitement growing with his spoils. At about the eighteenth ho camb to a garden door, open, tho first ho liad soon,-. 011 either side of the lane, a sovereign lay on the threshold. Looking round he saw- opposite hhn the openFreuch windows of a largo room. -' It was brilliantly lighted, mid portions of the ; inferior worn plainly visible from where lie stood, hilt no signs uf uuy person witllin. f ' His curiosity roused to the highest pitch He advanced, Btill collecting his guidon harvest, tho third sovereign in tho garden 'brought him ulpso to tho open window and he; now saw tho 'figuro of a woman standing; within. .' She stood still and motionless, und as ho .looked interest turned to admiration other beauty. Ho saw a young girl drosstod in ni 1 , .white silk dress lior arms and nook bare, the -.7 .--latter,- encircled by a string of largo pearls. . . She was of medium height, and slightly, formed, thn faoo was pate but delicately refined aud beautiful und crowned with a wreath of red-brown hair. , ' She seemed to havostopped out of another; win-Id and there was sainethiug woird, ;ulmost supernatural, in tho sight. A few seconds ago he hud stood in a (liugy street, airow of \- , dingy houses frowning upon him, and now' he-. . saw a lovely vision which did not appear to belong to the world at all but to an uppari-tlon from Fairyland. Bewildered .'and -confused lie plueed oho , foot within tlio room, lind then after il pause') entered with a ' half-formod intention of explaining' his. presence by showing the money. His eyes ; were on tho beautiful' < silent figuro, tho words of his qudry already -011'his lips,- -when heatumblod over a cord > stretched ubovo .the floor and fell forward, 1 scattering tho coins. - As ho fell a man who unseen by him had; beon standing behind tho window., curtains t -sprang upon him; An old man with tyliito huir"und u gmyi beard, wearing gold rimmed . nspeotueles, hut his long thin fingers grippod the younger mun's throat with n strength ; belied by, his . white hairs, und ore Puttison .. could pluok them off, a sponge was held to his nose. wot ivjth somo sickly smelling liquid which at onco steepod Ills souses iu darkness and oblivion. . Ho woko to consoiousness ogaln to . find ..- himself iu u small room- lighted by two lamps fixed . against the wall. Tt was harp 'of furniture, hut this wus of no consequence, for he was lying.on a soft rug, hound by cords to a bamboo pole, its ends fixed to uprights from the floor. Hp could seo a dark patch on . tlie ceiling, which houesscd wus a skylight, and the walls wero hare of windows. Between the two lamps,, their light falling upon him, . ... . sat. the man who had 00 unceremoniously ' . seized and bound him. . Ho did not look a vulgar robber ; tbo fore head was broiid, and tho nose prominent, tho . eyes whioh gleamed, behind tho gold-rimmed speotaoles denoted intelligence, und his wholo j air gave the appearance of a loaruod man, a . scientist of some kind. : Seeing Pattison's eyes' 'opefl, ho -addressed hun m a olenr, bland voice. " How are you feeling 110W P"- r , 1 Tho nnlucky prisoner, bound and helpless, unknowing what tins inan meant to do -with him, full of rage at tlio way ho had boon cap tured/ was goaded almost te madness by tno convotitioniu inquiry.. Hp writhed and struggled to got frco till tho cords . outting lnm painfully lio desisted, and fixing eyes fall of liatc on his interrogator,, gasped : : ' ."If I woro only loose, I'd show you, how I feol." . Tho old mnn surveyed his struggles through his spectacles with absolute immobility, then replied to lus prisoner's words: "Tho wiso mail accepts tho inevitable. You appear, I porooivo, to liavo quito re covered. -Kindly inform.me, if you frleasc, who you are." Tliu other's culm exasperated Puttison. " Who- are you is more to the point," lie answored, " and why havo you kidnapped mo m this fashion F" ' " All iu good timo, my dear , sir ;' you will loiirn vfeiy shortly. First, yoii must unswer, 1110 a fow questions. Toll mo yourf name,; address, and oc-oupation." , . " Horbert Puttison ; I livo in Bteomsbury occupation I-liuvo nonb." " You arc, iu 'fuet, a private' gentleman,- douhticsN fairly well off P" : -'Yes.'? 1 7.:. 7".. / " Are you married f" . 1 " No ; "but what is.tlie objeot of all these questions? T suppose you' will force me to ransom inysolf ?" "You will learn dircctiy.. Thou you have. 110 wife; but perhaps you are' goiug to ' be married?" - - 7 "No, I um not," oried Pnttison. "lam not goingdo be married, aiid l am not going to answer any mora quostions." r ; "Softly, softly.- Mr. Patt.isoii your lust speech is only half truo. You need answer. 110 more questions, hut you uro going to-be' married." ""What do you moan ?" :. "You say you are a bachelor, and have no intention of getting married. That is a pity, Mr. Pnttison; every mail should marry. I must insist 011 your doing so. You will marry my ward, Miss Grace Vincent, whom you saw an hour ago downstairs." , ' The old'man spoUb iu tho same clour 'and unemotional tones wliioh ho hud used throughout tho conversation. Pnttison stared ut him in idiirui. Was tlio inau mad? "But wliv ?" he asked liolplossly. " A logitimate query, Mr. Pnttison. I will now explain my conduct.' My Hume is Mud- ealf, and I hold the title of professor from the University of Berlin, whore I studied. My mother was German, and I was ontiroly educated 111 Germany. My wholo life lias been devoted to the study of the Aryau race and tho connection between us, the modern Teutons; and the Hindoos. I have lived in this house in Loudon for many years, pur- sning my investigations, but now tliey will enter upon a now phase. It is my intention to return to India, where I spent many years of my middle life. "For tho test fourteen years, that is to say since tho age of five, when lier father died, Grace Vincent has lived with 'me. Her father, though 11 younger man than myself, line beon, I may nay, my only friend. On his death bed, he died n widower anil without known relations, I promised to takechargo of Grace, to educate her, and keep her as long as I lived, or till slio married. " I have brought lior up on a system of my own, not approving of governesses for girls, and liavo been her only instructor since she was-twelvo. I own I nmdo a mistake. It being 011.0 of 1117 theories that both man and- woman should bo taught to help on them selves, and do without the society und friendship of other people, I brought lior up 011 this principlo, und she lias no friends whatever. I now perceive that this gives lior 110 chunce of getting married. " Dosiring now to go to India and travel there from place to placo, Grace will bo very much in niy way. I intend to leave her in England, but owing to the words of my promise I cannot leave her except to the caro of a husband, und us we arc quite without frionds I liavo been obliged to resort to oxtremo measures to obtuiu one." "You are not going,'" gasped Pnttison, "to marry mo to your ward, without my leave. In fact, -you can!. - I decline absolutely." "Thou, Mr. Pdttispn, I shall keep you hero till you consont." "I nm afraid," sneered Herbert, "in that case, professor, you will have' to delay your joupioy to India." ?I think not," calmly returned the professor, "you will get nothiug to eut till you promiso." 1 " You would" atarvo me to death?" cried Puttison, iu horror. " I would huvo 110 compunction. I look upon you moroly as a means to an ond. As u scientific mini, tho phrase ' sucredncift of human life ' bus no meaning to mo. 1 value your life at slightly moro than a dog's." A cold sweat of liorror dumped the prisoner's brow. "Surely you are joking," lie stammered. "It is uruel to both of ub, eilch to raurry an utter stranger. Can you not see tlio um-eusoiiuhleuoss of it?" "Frankly, I cannot, Mr. ' Puttison. The marriage of couvenicneo is uo-oxistent with marriage itself. Mitrriago by capture is also familiar to nil students of history. Tho rapo of tho Subfiles is 11 case, in point, and I can also refer you to the Bible. I um merely inverting the process and capturing a husband instead of u wife. Grace is not unworthy to be tlio wife of uuy man. I have brought 'her up myself, and can speak with, absolute knowledge. Her- reputation is without flaw J Her beauty is, I believe, undeniable ; her character submissive ; what., mors do you want ?"' ... This list of tlio virtues of tho wifo ho wus thus cohimunded to tsko maddened Puttison. " I dou't wunt her," lio .shouted,- she may ho, nay, I will grant sho is all you- say. I huvo no intention of marrying till I fall iu lovo." , " Then for your own sako and convenience, Mr. Puttison, loso no timo in falliiig.iii lovo. Till I havo your word to marry liiy ward you will roniain oxactly where you are, and to hhnteii your docisioii go without food." The professor as lio spoke, ,aiid with a final steady glance at his prisoner, loft the room. 7 Hour after hour slowly' passed,' tho lumps burnt diiu, tlio durk putoh fiidiouting the sky'- light ovorliead grew light,- day slowly .dawned. , ' For tlio hundredth timo Herbert revolved iii his mind , white chuiieo of cSeapa had he, what hope of being traced .when ' foiind to.be missing f . . ; There seoniod to bo none, his bonds out him sorely wheuover - he moved. Ho was absolutely powerless; Not one of his friends had tlio smallest idea 'of whore lie. was, ill fact ho did not know himself. : " , Hb could hoar no. souud. oither within or' without the house, '- but .it now;.struok liim i that" his voine remained at liberty,' shouts ; might bring succour. ' Full of thls idea; /lio' wuitod u'util he thuiight it' must , be well, into ; .tlio morning, for ho begiiii. to foel. faint from ; hunger, ' thou, eommonood to'- shout "Help/; help," , >vith 'the' full foroe of his powerful: lungs. / ' . - ' _, ' There \yas no response, he- shouted till ho ' was tired, und then cursing his impofeiico luy iu tt; suliuii stupor. Presently tlio door; opened, tho ; professor, reuppeurol ivith tho ' girl liel/tid seen. the previous night. Her1 faco was vory pale, as though alio had slept , badly ; slio was now clothed in a oloso-flttiiig " dreBs.of dark' groen, whioh <J6t off admirably: her pale .features and rioh coloured hair. She bore.a gluss Of milk iu her baiidJ ' , " Good morning, Mr. Puttison," said tho: professor iu the irritating bland tone of the previous night, " You must huvo hoen shoutiiig very loudly, for I could hear you ut, breakfast. I fear you will ho thirsty uftcy.ao mucli oxcrtioti, so huvo permitted Grace, to; bring you a glass of milk. Tho . girl approuolied silently, her : eyes downcast, and hold tho glass to Ms lips. - Herbert drunk greedily, for his throat was hot and dry. . "For your pwn ; comfort,!'; tlio professor' wont on, "I should advise ybii hot to shout, for no ono can hear you aud you will only feol hoarso. 1 1 will Jeavo you now to make tho aequiiintanoo of your future wife." . He wept out.upd phut the door. Pattison, refreshed by ihe milk.be hud swallowed, (lct'-rmfiicd to make u strong appeal to the . "-Miss Vinoont,!' ho began, "is- your guardian serious iu his' extraordinary, wish to marry you, his ward, -to me, u maii of whom ho knows absolutely nothing ; und can vou contemplate marrying on utter stranger like myself?" , ' . The girl , raised her. eyes, h.fMnt' relour camo into her pate ohcoks. -, .. .' " Indeed X don't ".wiuit to-iaqf jfop or anybody. But- what oiin-I e'ay P I must do what I am-tbld." .... .. . ; _ ' Sho spoke", with ' absoiuto:,. sincerity, aud Pattison groaned 'to .hiniHolf as ho reeogiii-cd ;that bo could expect 110 activo help from this quarter. The professur's remark us to " suli- missivon'ess" roourred . to his , mind, and' he realised how . annoying .this 1 virtne— so jure among pres'ont.duy revolting daughters— was at tho present moment. . . " Then you think ho is serious ?" ' "Yes, .1 foar so. When ho makos up his mind nothing; oaii .' alter liim. . I Mvo tried." "< "Then 'your guardian baa. how taken it into his . head to niarry yon, and put tho money ou the' road outsido to attract some body into tbo . house. -He must be mad. Wiis lust night the first timo lis tried tho ' experiment ?" 7 . ' -' 7. 7" No, tho third.:' I had to stand' in the Irooni whenf-anyohe bntered the garden, so that they could seo me whon they approached the window. Tho first night u man came, an awful man, and I think drunk. ' '".Thn professor sentmoout of the room, and I don't know wlmt happened, tho man left soon. Next, night no ono suw the money so I10 pinked it up beforo daybreak. Lust night 'you ciimo.". Tho girl told the oxtfuordinury tulo simply, Pattisuu listened with mingled despair and rage. If tlio professor was mad, there was certaiuly method in hiH mildness, and the pluu hud proved partly successful; A11 eligible bucholor liad been captured, but Puttison bad u strong fund of obstinacy in bis composition, and swore at the moment that he would die beforo lie yielded. " " He-throiitenstokeepmc here without food till I promise to marry you." "I know," tho girl unswered dolefully. "But won't you aid mo to get uwiiy? At least you could bring me food secretly." ' " 1 will try and bring you some food," sho answered. . Only I am afraid ike professor will forbid ine.". Had Puttison nny pity to waste he would have expondod some 011 tlio girl. She stood the picture of iliiscry aud shame, seemingly anxious to aid liim, but utterly iu fear of tho old man who had brought her up. Tho silence was broken hv tho return of tho professor, wlio dismissed tho girl with 11 motion of his blind; Thoii lic turned to liis prisoner. " Well?" bo queried. ' Ono muy like partridge, hut not when thrown in ono's fuco. Your ward is 110 doubt oharmfiig, but I refuse to be coerced into a marriage against my frco will." . "There is nothing like starvation to euro obstinacy. It answers with horses, and I expect- will. unswer with you very shortly. Think it over." The prisoner now left alono did. There was nothing else to do. His position was X>erilous iu the extreme. Ho was utterly in the power of the professor, as much so us u fourteenth century captive .in the custlb of mi enemy. He pictured Miss Heath's alarm -whou she found that morning bo hud not re turned. Would she communicate with tlio police to-day,' or wait till' to-niorrow? It mattered little, . for - thero was no liolp from that, quarter;- the police could not got tlio smallest clue. London had swallowed liim. After ii time hunger banished nil specula tion us to escape. He began to wonder how far the awful professor would go in the threat to starve him into submission. Thero was a dreudful riug of sincere conviction iu bis words when be said he valued human, life ut very little abovo a dog's. As afternoon waned he became so faint from laek of food that, ho lapsed into a semi- unuonseious state, half weakness, half sloop. He wus dreaming, and saw vaguely tho vision of a heaptiful faco. close to his, half familiar, and lie was wondering when und whore ho hud seen it before, when' tho delightful yet prosaic smell of hot soiip under his nose woke huh to full consciousness and the presence of -Grace, who was bonding over bim with a spoon and basin. She fed him in silence ; tlio pity- und sorrow in lier soft gray oyos half irritated 'him, ho knew not why." Thou, revived by the soup, he asked tho timo. He seemed to have been lying thero for days, though the light above him told liim it iviis not yet evening. '- -"It is nearly seven o'ulook. ' It will soon be dark. - Tho professor bus gene for his walk, lio forbade mo to bring you anything, but I euuidn't beur to think of you lving liero uuy longer, so I stole the soup out of the kitchen." > . . . How far would tho, girl's pity load her. Ho determined to see. . "Does unyono livo 111 this houso besides you two? Any servants?" "No. Mrs. Higgina conies every day, and does. the housovvork ; but she goes home" cvory evening," ,, " Wollld slie hear mo if I ivcro to shoiit ?" \- '"Not from tho kitchen, and 'sho -never comes ubovo tlio first floor." 7 ' .1 ' " Won! t you," ploudcd Herbert, tell hcr I um here, 00 thut-rrr'.' : ; i "No, no," slio cried, - piteously, "doii't nek Hie.' I daro hot.'-' Ho told nie not to tell, lie made 1110 promise, und I uuunot break my word. -I've (lisoboyod us it is in bringing the soup. , Oil,, what can I do. .Yhat ;a miser- uhle girl I um !" ' . Sho brokii into ii 'storm of toars und sobbed as' though lior heart would bte'uk. It would be not oiily- i oruol but useless to press lier further. . , '.7 . " At utiy .rute," ho suid with a smile, "I see yoii havo a kind heart, mid you -'woii't lot mo die' of starvation; let the professor com mand what lieAvill;" 7:7 , '- The girl's sobs censed, aud slio answered firmly:- 7 1 won't ;, I'H bring yon sbme::moro food to-hight(('wlioni lio'stgono"te.';liodj /I' bud ;Uetter go now," ' -7 1 iHerhert avas otill meditating: if, it- would bo possible, tetor'to got tho' girl, te .rolousa him, when tlio professor liiip'ravcd itgaiii, mid suid : "Well, Mv. PnttiBon,; will you accept reteute on my terms ?" -- -r' , V \- "I will.not.'k roplicd. tho prisonor, all his hatTed'uifainst Tho 'dld 'rali'n rorivlng- iii his presence. , 7.7 . . -- ' "It Is outiouij,".., remarked the latter, sur veying him .disposidbuutely . li£e a beetle uuder ii miproseppo, " biit.I notice iii spite of your big frame uu'd heavy build you ttro of a nervous niid oniotional tomeraniout. ' ' 'I should say your disposition: is easy-going und weak, ' but you Intra' now.'u fit. of nbstlonoy whioli mhkea yoti harder tp deal with. You tiro it blend of weakness und Btrongtb; mid paradoxically it mukes you stronger.- ' Con- finemont does not spit' you, you will worry - yourself iuto nil illness; : Goo'd night, and a. wiser dbcisldh to-morrow." ' The professor's' diugnosls was' eorreot7 Horbort wii's , usually of a weak and uusy-: going liutufb, und when uwoiik muh'ih in fit of qbstinaoy makes up his mind 011 a certain 'point ho is the ' hardest of nUiiieii'to alter. Thero wus something so humiliating, so ridiouldus, 1n yielding, and taking a bride by tha professor's coercion, tlmt Horbert felt that death itself wore/proforablo. Moreover ho wasaustolncd by tlie promise of Qracato. bring bim food Ititer, and tho faint liopo qt provuiling ou her to set him froo. Tho room grow dark, . evjdeutly ho was not going to bo uHowed any light this uiglit, the darkness got on his norvos later aud lie hogan to tremble. , Time crawled, and brought no relief, ho begun to. think Grace would not keep her promise, wbpn tbo wolcomo gleam of light under the door heralded tbo appfouoh of someone. It was Grace, not dressed in the magmiff- oent, drese which had so dazzled : bim the Rroyious night, but iii u jjlume'sct'O and bear- ing a tray loaded- with various "dislies i nnd' jugs, .. Herbert rallied at1, the ..Bight: und; begged. her to untio his wrists so -that -lio ' could sit up nnd feed himself. I give you ray word of honour I will not touch tlio other cords," hosnid, "andyou'ean tio me up ugum when I lmve finishoil. . .Tho girl hositafed but contontcd. Her bert's wrists wero bound togotber, und then to the bamboo polo in suoli a way that his -fingors could not touch tho knot ; sho untied it, und tho.pnsoucr wus iblo to sit up, loosen- his wrists, und ent and drink. Comparison being ovorythmg, ho folt for jho- moment quito lmppy 111 this temporary rolnxation of his bondage. Gruco insisted on Ins swallow ing somo port wino nndiruw- egg, then ho ate of some mout und drank, some boef tea.- - The change from darkness, -.hunger, und solitude, to tho light, the food; ami tlio compuniotisllip <was' so violent that lus mental depression ohftngod to.exubornut guiety. Tlio girl's spirits rose with tins, for a few minutes thoy chattea with jests und -sup-: pressed laughter, .liko schoolboy and school- I girl raiding tho piintry and enjoj-ing d ' mid-, Diight'feiist." " Herbert gnthefed ' by: a, fetf Suostious presently put that the professor loiigh cconntrie whs not unkind to tlio girl/ Ho bad certainly no affection for lior, and oxaiitcd aii implicit obedience to liis wishes. She wits' Well road und intelligent, though' -absolutely ignorant of tho world.1' Having established a friendly feeling be- : twoon them : Horbert ventured", to beg ; for liberty, pointing out, that by tew the pro fessor bud no such power over her lis she' imagined, hut thL the girl could not wider- stolid. . The law was- iiukuowu4to her, ' her- four of lier guardian; very real, und when' the prisoner pleadetLfor- liberty, Ithough loth to refuse, slie dared iiot comply. Whether lie would lmve wo'u hor over to. brave lier guardian's wrath will remain un known, for in the niidst-of Herbort's nrgu-' ments the professor broke in upon them with a caudle and stick. Pattisuii.uttorcd a bitter oath, for he was almost es poworloss us if his hands were tied, mid Grace, giving 11 cry of horror, shrmik away in 11 cornor. ' - ' "Put >ip your builds, and lot mo/relio Thimi,!' snid. the xirofossor quietly, "my stick is loaded with lead, ono tap', will knock you Iscnsclcss.". Puttison : . submitted iu sullen siloncc, cud iwiis linuu'd 'tis before, then the professor coldly told Grace to go to her room, and followed her put. Herbert wus loft alone to heuionn his l'litc. Theroiwiis nothing surprising iu the girl's nuiek submission, she laid been oduouted us though living iu tho middle ages instead of the nineteenth century, but with a little more time bo would huvo convinced her, now lib . feared he iveiild see her iio more. This fear was justified, for wheu tho long night bud passed, and also some alow hours of daylight, the prisonor, wearied almost to breaking point, heiiril tho professor's stop, uml summoned all his resolution to brave lus. foe. 1 ' ."Your further imprisonment." lie suid, "if you, arc still obdurate, will not bo lightened by tlio soeiotv or nuitcriul assistance of Grace. I looked her ,in her room, and sont the onlj- domestic I employ away for two days." "Do you iutend to starve her, too," \- snarled -Pattison. - "No," siiid the professor steadily, f'biit qs I can no longer trust lier site will bo safer there out of the way.!' . "You devil," cried Herbert.' - "You remorseless devil; but j-ou haven't lieiitcn me yet. I defy yoii still. My God, if I could only get at yon !" But the other' did not oven give bim tlio luxury of n reply, and retired. Tho socoud duy of tho prisoner's ouptivity ran its course. - ' ' . " 'Strango to say he slept for soma hours during tho day, then woke to frightful pain and suffering. Every nerve unci fibre of liis being was ou tho rack now. Hunger, thirst, unci p'uin tormented him, . ho could litivu pvuj'od for death or mildness to easo his sufferings, but his lmiin was clear nnd ho felt that endurance uould go no furthor. He'must yield. ' As ho realised tlmt the bland professor hud won and liis two days' 'torture liad boon of no avail, a snducii paroxysm took- possession of Herbort. Ho flung himself to and fro heed- less.of the puiii" it caused. It was 11 wild frenzy, the ' Just struggle. : in which tlio romnuut cf' bit strength nnd pnssiou' wero devoted, tlio polo swuynd, there was a singing in his curs, Vlurkness' hliuded his vision, the cords seemed cutting through him:- Then ubovo his liead us lie luy writhing .'buiided a criiok of broken wood and ho rolled over on his bat if. Not knowing wlmt laid hnppciicd lie tewstill a luomont, then turning his head saw /mat the upright blouk was broken from the floor arid tlie head; of tlio bamboo free. Pushing his hands up ho was ablo with some-difficulty to slip them over tho top. His fingers now at liberty, lie untied bis legs and unities und stood up u free mull. Ho stiiggnred with mingled excitement und Weakness. "WTiUs. floor, und coiling seemed to dnneo round liini, he loaned against tlio neurost; wall und ptissed his liiind over his faoo; and looking again saw u wolcomo sight. It wus the trujr of food Grace hud 'brought tlio ,'proviqus night and which tho professor had not tiikou away. Eagerly ho drank some spirits and felt almost himself uguiu, und even more weleomo' than food .or- drink was a dinner knife ;with which lie now severed the cord which liomid his wrists. Next ho laid tho- curiosity to seo how lie had got free. Tho bamboo to which ho had been so iling bound fitted into two stout short poles about six inches thick, which ciimc through tho floor. Examination now showed a ' flaw in the contro of -tho broken piece, which bud extended, till' tbo sound wood hud givon way in tlio fury of his. final struggle. Tbo stick luid snapped and tlio bamboo hud been released from its resting plueb. ' "My worthy professor," muniiured Herbert, "you did not allow for contingen cies. I have u strung temptation to break your, head before I go." . - "Ho nto and druuk and then prepared to leave. TI10 door was unlocked, ho passed through and stood in u small passage. . And now : a ' mystery was revealed whioh had hitherto puzzled him. Hotv, lie hud wondered, hud tlio iirofo8aor got- him- upstairs when insonsiblo : but; uplift which stood beforo liiin now oxpluined. . Gtenoiug through the landing window, lio suw ho was 11 good way from tbo ground. Following tlio stairs downward, he enmo to tlio story below. Passing along a pussugo u sound caught his cur from boliimi one of tlio closed doors. Ho paused and listenod. It wus the sound of a girl sobbing and uttering broken words of pray or— the- voico of Grdcd.- In tlio suddon oxoitomont of liberty, not yot. five minutes old;: ho had forgotten her, but now-ho remembered, utui his heart Hmoto hhn that ho had been going away without 11 word of farewell. Ho romqiuborca ull she liad dono for him, in faot-it -was chioily owing. to lier that ho.waa.now at liberty. - He must let hor know at once:'' ' He: . knocked Tit tlio. door and whispered, "Miss Vincent?" -Tho sobs ceased, anil lier voico : oriod " with n littlo gasp, "Who is thero?" - _ o -;" T— Pattison. I ;havo 'g'ot- free,": bo answered. ' Then seeing tbo key in the look ho remembered tlmt she had been looked in' : fie turned tbiT-'koy and entered. - Grsco' luid heeii kneeling by her' bedside, she now eoufronted lnm with a 'look' of. mingled: astonishment nnd joy. Hor hair wus tumbled, her lips parjed with surprise. . '.'Is it really you ?" slio gusped tiiniilly . Puttison luugliod iit hor astonislimont, ns in li.fow words lie told lier how , ho -hud galuwi his liberty. "AS lio' spoke hor tears vanished, tier oj'os glowed, and the pale ohcolcs ' bconino rosy.' ' "'1 am so glad," sho said softly." "I was praying for ypul, God must have hoard mo." ' >y " Youhavo'beonv'ery good tome, Grace," .Hb .iinswered, uiicoiiHoiousijr primounolug lior Christian niiuio. " But " . , lib b'roko off, eonsoious of p now fooling towni-ds her. If lie wont away/ what would b'oher futo? Hithorto tlio longing to escape; laid wholly occupied hiin, but it now. struok - hini that lie gone, the undaunted professor might uguiu itet tlio golden trap. Wlmt ,wny was -there 'of stopping bim ? His briiiniit that monicnt wus not voiy clear, mid ho. could think of none without publishing. . his ridiculous captivity to the world. ' . Now lis bis oyes rested oil Grace he felt how-, imfiossiblo it was to lehvo her under tbo .present circumstances. His 'sentiments wero' quito chungcd. It wiis ono tiring to bo blandly ordered to take a wifo as a doctor might order u doso of medicine, .but uiiotiior. to feu vo tho poor girl who had done so much to uid him to tho'fato 'of having to ' marry : tho lioxt mun. oapturod us ho bad boon. ' But'how to save her P There was but one way— by marrying her himself, and this step ,.ho found not- wholly uajjlcasing, Iu fact he, roalised that lio wos-ia lovo with- tho girl-who lmd , -boon-.. the innocent; capso,.,of -alt bis sufforings. A - , f . . Nor was this to l>o. wondered at. Sho had dono muoli to aid him, had dnrcd for tho first timo -in lior Tifo -to- dlsoboy hor guardian. Short 11s had, - been tlioir acquulntunco lier disposition 111 all. its simplicity and tondornoss hud hoen laid bare beforo him. And ohiof of ull reasons in u mnu'A eyes, her licanty drew liim. She stood-thfei-o in a -simplo draw mid untidy hair but. nothing, oouhl disguise hor lovoline8s. As ho stood looking at hor, his oyes must havo expressed tlioir admiration, for hors foil, anil hor colour deepened. . 11 Do you think," ho mnn at last, "tho professor will go on with this mud schomo." " I— don't know ; :but go- now,:.beforo ho comes hack.!' .. 1 .- " Grace,"- lie oried, not heeding her words, "my darling.- I can't leave you to sucha fato. You sluill not bo married to any stranger." -. - . . - . With a shy, engorlook sho raised hor ejres and made; a half -stop, fofwiird . towards him lis thougl/iyelcoming his sdccour. He caught her iii his arms and kissod her. - 7" , " Grace, do you lovo me?" ' 7 "I don't know,'!-, she whispered softly., " You seq I have not mot anyone like you before." ; "Yes, but— yon let mo kiss you. You don't mind ?"'1 , : '' ": Well, 'nobody ovbr kissed mo before, " she said, with an admirable, blush. If anybody else; ever., does, . I'll' murder him. ' Darling, I' want t-lio niouopOly of your kisses, your sociotjV yourself.- Grace, now .I'm froo, I know -I -lovo you. - : Will you to mjr. wife ?: i And romeiiiher if you don't, you'll have, to marry — — " . : ' < : " No,; I wouldn'ty' slio whispered. - " I'd neVeiT'liayo 'iiiarriedianybody else after I'd mot jro'n.": -, ' ' ; But Herbert recoived tho: information thut ho had.aacriiiced himself in vaiu with noble' fortitude. . , ' . . ' : And Grace's world had changed' all in ,an instant.' It seemed almost too good to bo :truo — after the shamo- und 'hourly growing huimliation of being forced .011 .nil : unwilling, husband, to bo woiicd by this mini , lipw : that , lio was frco und at liberty to ivalk out of tho house. Her 'happiness was 16b deep for .words; :' '-' 11 : ' But there - wus 110 time for love-making. The professor was out for a wulkiimd .would soon return. Herbert decided that, it would be best for him to go teuno mid gel. sOmo sleop, iind return 611 Hid morrow fc see hispid'' fob mid tell him that -lie had won after nil. Graeo declared she, liud not the courage io toll liim .herself, and begged Herbert to leave, lier locked 111 lier room mid to go iiwuy at once ; Unci this ho filially ' did, and, ' bidding her a tender farewell/ reiockcd the door and wont dowiistaii-s. ' He glanced at himself iu a mirror in tho hull abovo which he found h'ungfiig liis. own hat which had fallen off when tho professor kidnapped him. Ho'pnt it on, und turning up tbo collar of his light overcost, concealed tho fuut that he was in ve'rj; crumpled even ing dress. Opening the front door, ho was about to quit the liouso when a man mot him 011 the threshold. At the first glimpse ho thought it was Iho professor returning, hut a second look showed it was a'pnlicemun. "Good afternoon, sir," said the lutfer. " Aro you it friend of Professor Medcalf's?" Herbert, not inclined, at that moment to , outer into mi explanation of his acquaintance with tho, professor, mendaciously answered in The affirmative; " I'm sorry to have to acquaint you, sir, that tlio professor has met with 1111 accident." " Oh, indeed !''; said Herbert 1 blankly. "Como in and toll nio about it. Don't he afraid of frightening. 1110," lio added daily, " I enn bear it." . The inan gave a glance of somo astonish ment, und said : ' " As you may be aware, sir, tho piofossor goes for a walk ovory afternoon. He's p well known character about here, and litis been run over several times, owing to his stopping ull of a sudden us lie walks. I heat- he's a litorary gont, auddoes it when ideas come to him. iYell/'alf mi hour ago lio was creasing Oliiver road, just by Wiusun's, wlion hb joills up snddonlj-. There was a brewer's van coming along at a good pace, "and it was 011 liim beforo the driver oouhl pull up. I was tlio nearest constable, .my relict' wus just due, that's .why I can coinc hore'noiv. 1 picks him up, uncousciina only I thought he. was ; but a doctor oxmniucs liim and siij'S that lie was dead, lin 'orso 'oof 'aving struck him ou the temple." But if the professor's ghost is able to revisit tho world, he must smile tp see how well, when alive, lie had carried out his promise to his dead friend, for Herbert linn Grace Were married us soon as tlio Archbishop's special license permitted ; mid what is more, Pattison has f reply forgiven lrim his arbitrary methods of securing u husband, for Grace and lie, in spito of their odd prenuptiul nuquniutmico- ship, find.their married lito rliu smoothly and happily. 