THE ZIONIST CONFERENCE. Dr. Max Nordau on the Dreyfus Cask. [Continued.] Basle, August 28. The cause of the outbreak of enmity against the Jews in France is well-known to you. It is the Dreyfus case. This Congress that repre sents the Jewish people in its collective capa city has no cause or reason to occupy itself -with this. It is no concern of the Jewish ?people. It is a matter entirely for the French people. Only a fringe of the associated circum stances touch Jewish interests. All these secondary matters I -will, with your permission, briefly glance over. The French anti-Semites have invented a stupid fable of a So-called Jewish ^syndicate, which is supposed to use unlimited money for the purpose of hatching a ?devilish conspiracy against the State. The siupidity of the accusation, is to our sorrow, no argument against a general belief in its exist ence. The majority of the French people believe in the absolute existence of this syndi cate. It is, therefore, not superfluous that we plainly make it what it is It is an idiotic, malicious fabrication, and a worthy comrade to the Blood Accusation fable. We shall have no polemics with the anti:Semitic liars. When they are physically stronger, there they are, under certain circumstances, able to murder us, but they have no power to conquer our contempt. To the respectable, easy-going, and ?easily misled French people we have this to say . Be sure that no Jew in the world has reason to wish you ill, and, further, that the Jews of most countries preserve for you grati tude and love. Even the German Jews know you are evilly, disposed towards their Father land of which, they are loving sons and true ?citizens — even they do not overlook that you have had a glorious epoch in you history, that you were the light of humanity and the guide ?of its progress — they grant to you the best wishes for prosperity and progress so long as you keep at peace with their country. If you ask the Frenchmen who believe in the fable of the Jewish syndicate what idea they have formed on the subject,1 they will answer, ' Is it not a universal fact that there is a common feeling that binds all the Jews together and that they tak e care that no harm should befall any member of their race ?' Let me, then, tell you a few words of this feeling of combina tion, lias any one ever Jived to see that the Jews as a collective body or in any large num ber have interfered on behalf of any criminal of their own faith ? Nobody condemns Jewish ?sinners more than the Jews themselves. No herd gores the mangy sheep more than the Jewish. We palliate no offence among our co religionists. We rebel only against the methods ?of our treacherous friends who exaggerate the faults of every single Jew into the faults of the entire Jewish race. It has never entered the minds of any Jew in the wide world to take part in the defence of the wretched accused man because he happens to be a Jew. The Jews began to listen only when they observed that the case had assumed a different aspect irom that of any other similar case of betrayal of a country's interests — a crime of frequent occurrence nowadays. The Press that was able first, to publish the tale was that of the anti-Semites. They drew out of his case wider conclusions than were warranted by facts. They said that it served France right to be betrayed by a Jewish officer, for the Jew was crafty and cunning by nature, and that no Jew ought to have been admitted to the post of officer, as he could then follow up his innate crookedness with devastating effect. The anti-Semites showed therefore, from the commencement, their sure intention of using this case as a weapon of attack against the whole Jewish community 4 and of driving the Jews out of all posts in the army. As they had been attacked as a collective body, they ought to have defended themselves collectively. As the French Jews had been on the point of being deprived of their honorably gained rights, they ought, as one man, to have come forward and male a stand for the maintenance of their possessions. But nothing of the kind hap pened. It is with perplexity, nay, with sorrow, shame, and feelings of anger that I say that the entire Jewish body suffered them selves to be told that they are naturally traitors and liars, and that no words of refutation were founi ! The French Jews had to hear the observation that all this comes from allowing Jews to become, officers, and yet remain supine. Jews saw that it was not Dreyfus who was accused, but all the Jew3 ; but this did not open their mouths to ask at least for them sel yes the right of defence of an accused. Moreover when it was quite clear that in the case of Dreyfus, that the original assurance of justice had been disregarded, and that the accused had been condemned without having been told the reason, even then not a single Jewish voice was raised against the perversion of judgment ; no Jewish voice asked for justice. But Chris- ? tians were filled with an honourable sense of their duty in this case. To Christians belong \ the honor of having come forward to fight for right. On the J ews the blame rests of having passively stood by and looked on whilst others were fighting the cause of the most precious possession of mankind. Some Jews have done their duty. I can state this to ease my con science. Bernard Lazare, good strong Jacques Bahar, a valiant defender of our cause. Joseph Reinach, who has bravely stepped into the front rank, eleva'es to some extent the honor of Judaism. But how many such brave j men are there ? A handful. A dwindling number in the whole of Jewry, alive only in French Jewry. We must blush when we com pare thrse few fearless ones to the long list of Christian heroes, who have given up fortune, liberty, their civic right in the battle, and that of right, which only in a very high, in a very ideal sense, was their right. Emile Zola, Pic quart, Scheurer-Kestner, Trarieux, George Clemenceau, Yves Guyot, Jaures, Labori, Bjornson. these, my friends, are some of the names that have obtained undying fame in this tragic affair. They are Christian names, Aryan names ; Jewish names, on the other hand — which I cannot bring over my lips, although they burn like ga 1 upon thi tongue — Jewish names are to be found in excessive large numbers amongst the literary vagabonds ' who have attacked Zola and his colleagues. A Jew it was who spoke the disgraceful words: ' Dreyfus may be guilty or innocent, we do not wish to know anything of him; we will not permit 'the revision of the trial.' Here you have the famous Jewish policy of soliditary. The nation, which was the first amongst people? to. utter the cry of justice, whose eternal fame it will remain in history that it recognised and praised its God as a ju-t God, as a just Judge, this people holds aloof from a fight for justice b cause the victim of perversion of justice was a Jew 1 have s-ifficient faith in my race to be sure than ten thousand, hundred . thousand Jews would have been fired with holy anger ; that they would have written spoken, voted, acted, sacrificed money and blood if what had been done to Dreyfus had had happened to a 'gipsy. But because this * ' ? -— i was done to a Jew, Jews suffice themselves with sighing, shaking their heads, and leave it to Christians to pluck the wreath of fame. The anti-Semites have admitted a better opinion of us than we deserve ; they do not for a moment believe that we could really be inactive spec tators amongst fighters of a battle for right, and' because they found two or three Jewish names, they took it for granted that Jewish participation in the battle was secret, and therefore all the more effective. It is now explained why many really believing Christians not only in France, but also outside the country are convinced of the existence of a syndicate. This fable invented and spread by anti-Semitic slanderers suit their purposes to believe in Jewish passion for justice, in Jewish power and wisdom, in the Jewish sense of soliditary. This fable amongst our enemies shows what even these have fully expected from us. We, ourselves, are far from the expectations of those who hate and despise us, and thus has this tragic case — Dreyfus — attained to such a terrible degree that it has reached our weakness, fear, lack of sharpness, and mutual estrange jnents. After what I have stated, nobody, it is hoped, will repeat the lie that anti-Semitism broke out in France because the Jews have fought for Dreyfus. The truth is that Jews have not taken the part of Dreyfus, but that Christians have done this ; that the Jews, with the exception of two or three brave ones, have raised no finger, although the case was utilised as a. deadly weapon in their honor. The French anti-Semitism is not the result ©f of the Dreyfus case, but the cause of it. Had it not been for anti-Semitism Dreyfus would never had been accused of treason, at least the crime of which he was accused would not have been characterised as a constitutional crime of all Jews, and the agitation for a revision would not have excited such fiery passions. The Dreyfus case has lifted the veil and has laid bare what was hidden. It is a warning and lesson, to those Jews Who still cherish the hope of being totally accepted in the community of at least the most progressive States of the 'West. This is of significance in the history of Judaism, and even gives the Jew the full im portance -lf a caution and punishment, an importance whfteh will make it possible for us, with our indestructible Jewish optimism — even in face of the Dreyfus case — to call out, ' Even this is for good.' France is not the only country of liberty and culture where the old ghost of Jew hated struts about in full daylight of progress. In England, which I praised with spirit last year, the Go vernment has already obtained the consent of the House of Lords to a Bill which refuses to moneyless foreigners admittance into the country. ' Moneyless foreigner ' is the hon ourable fig-leaf for the word Jew which English statesmen have found too naked in their nineteenth century sense of shame. That England, which was always proud of being the refuge of all persecuted, the natural home of all homeless, which in former centuries received with hospitality Flemings and Hugenots, during Cromwell the Sephardim led by Ma nasseh ben Israel, in the the time of George III., the French emigrants, at the time of the holy alliance Mazzini, after 1848 the refugees from all European States, in our days the everywhere persecuted and despised anarchists the sacred asylum of humanity closes itself all at once before a body of people — Jewj. It is sought to beautify by reasons this brutality which is a mockery to all English traditions. The foreign Jews are a burden to the English charity ; they are taking the bread away from the English workmen. These two reasons contradict and exclude each other. If the Jews are beggars they do not take the bread away from the English workmen. If, on the other hand, they work so successfully that English workmen are deprived of their bread they are ne beggars and cannot become a burden to charity, It has, moreover, been found that these two reasons are mere pretexts. The foreign Jews who arrive in England are no beggars, but are energetic, industrious work ix en, who maintain themselves and frequently attain comparatively good circumstances. Those of them, who now and then require assistance, receive it from their co- religionists, and do not become too great a burden to Christian England, to which their participation in the poor rate entitles them. They do not take the bread away from the English workmen, but create new industries which were formerly unknown to England, and increase the pros perity of the country. The law against money less foreigners is nothing but a symptom of approaching anti-Semitism. Even the United States have not been left free from this illness. The law and public life do not know, it is true, Jew hatred. But this is the case in society, «od the number of houses and educational establishments which distinctly refuse admit tance to Jews is significant, and tends to con tinual increase. This is then the position. In those countries of the East which have already or are just emerging from barbarism, Jews are hated and persecuted mercilessly ; in the coun tries of the West, which walk at the head of civilisation, the Jews are hated and persecuted under hypocritical pretexts ; in East as well as in West Jews are hated and persecuted. But in order that we shall not.be thought ungrate ful, let us mention distinctly those countries where the Jews have not to complain, viz. — In Holland, Belgium, Italy, and in the Scan dinavian States, in free Switzerland, the excellent air of which is to day in our chests, and whose manl} sons, as our President, Dr. Hirlz. has already gratefully mentioned, have the night before honoured us with brotherly greetings which have stirred our innermost souls and where Jews are fully treated as human beings, as complete citizens, and only the unripe mouth of street Arabs reminds you that even here you are still considered an ex clusive group within the population.. But those States, happy islands 'of peace in the ocean of anti-Semitism, do not by far shelter 200,000 Jews, and I hope I do not go too far when I give utterance to the thought that even the justice of this country will undergo a severe test if a large number of persecuted Jews from other countries should settle here. The Jewish opponents of Zionism, before whose eyes we hold this picture of the position of the Jews all the world over, cannot deny that it is a true replica of the reality ; but they make with hand and head the known calming movements, and soothing say : Individual sad occurrences must not be generalised; the anti-Semitism is an ugly plant of the day and will soon wither. What ! You see that the epidemic of Jew hatred is always breaking out in new countries ; that it flames up consumingly in places where since decades, since centuries, it was thought to have been quenched ; or where, as in North America, it was unknown, and we speak of ' individual occurrences' ? You dare to pro phecy the speedy disappearance of anti Semitism, although the whole of Jewish history and the voices of angry or sighing Jews of seventy generations give the lie to your pro phecies. Your prophecy is nothing but a form of fraudulent bankruptcy, for you do not pay your debts now, but give a large bill for the future which costs you nothing, and which you well know that you will never be called upon to meet. (to be continued. 