f - SHADOW. Curious stories: are= told about the powers pos sessed by certain ,natives of India, who. live up, among thei Himalaya mountains.. These old men,. it is said, have devoted scores of years to the study of natural laws and forces, which the rest of the world knodws nothing, about. Lately a German, professor visited the "'adepts,"' as these q!ueer Hindus are called, for the purpose of finding out the secret of their remarkable performances.. They: treated him rather.scurvily, but interested him. all. the same. One day the professor wanted to. examine some ancient Sanskrit manuscripts. An` adept went with.him. to a. cave. wherein the books, were kept.. *The place was dark as the bottom of a, well, " I can't see to-read here,"'said' the visitor,.. " Then we will have some light,'. was the reply,. and immediately (the professor says), a soft, pearly light brightened the cave.. He could not tell whence it came, but he noticed that it had. one strange quality - it, cast not the slightest: shadoow. This is a story hard to believe, yet its truth is. affirmed by a-. man of vast learning and: high, character,. and you who now read it have no-reason. for doubt except that all. the lights you have' seen. have cast shadows.. Belief or unbelief commonly runs, parallel with. one's own :experience. Dr Johnson. sniffed at the account of the Lisbon earthquake,, yet credited the tale-of the. ock Lane. ghost. A man whohas- been. ill' for years and failedto. find a cure,. is sceptical when, friends-tell him-.o a medicine which. they believe, will make him, well.. What else but doubt could result from, his ex- perience P? Take an example: . In the;spring.of 1888,"' writes: our correspon~ 4ent, " I fell: into a low, weak, and languid state. I felt low-spirited and. out of sorts. At first my stomach, was deranged, 'my' appetite: poor,, and. after eating I had. pain and. weight. at the chest.. I was much troubled., with wind, and frequently spat up a sour fluid,, also bitter bile.. Later on I suffered from nervousness and great depression of spirits. I kept up. with my work, but had always a. sense of discomfort.. Off and on I continued in this. way for: two years, nothing that I took relieving me.. At last I. heard of Mother Seigel's Syrup,. and: prbcured a supply, After I had taken. only a few doses I found relief, my food digested, and gradually all nervousness left me: Although I had no reason. at first to feel any confidence in this medicine,. never having used. it or seen it used,. I now- gladly; admitits value and its power over disease. , Since my .recovery,, for which- I thank Mother Seigel's. Curativre SyRurup,,j.havebe hon int"hhst f hlth and spirits. In the interests of suffering. humanity. I deem it a duty to send you this testimony.. (Signed) D. Griffiths, tailor and outfitter, 151 Hockley Hill, Birmingham, June 8th,.1B3." There is a fleal of difference between Mr Griffith's: candid letter and the story about the. light that cast no shadow. The latter may be true enough, but it cannot beverified without .more trouble than it is. werth.. On the other hand we have a trustworthy' witness,, who will' answer letters of enquiry and can be found at his address.. Finally, there is nothing mystical, or magical. about Mother 8eigel's Curative Syrup. It acts on the theory that most ailments are. but symptoms,. forms,, or phases of that universal, bisease-ins. digestion.and dyaspepsia ' it cures that, and throws. the light of health and happiness over hearths.and. homes where; illness and' pain had cast. such.dark and terrifying shadows. And that is:why people' believe ,al that is told" of iti buceess by eager witnesses. - 