THE COURTIN^ OF BIDDY. Bemember Biddy 1 Why yen, I Bhould rather think I do I She was with us-when we were statiuned at Liverpool, and had yon comfortable house in IVinco's-road. She was one of the*icest servants I have ever had. Besides being a good -cook, she kept everything in apple-pie order, and got on eo well With the other domestics'. Ah, she was a perfect treasure I It was an ill day for me when Biddy smiled. Yes, we took Biddy with us when we were trans ferred from Cork. She never bothered about night's out or holidays. If she got out once a week to early mass, from which she was always borne in time to prepare eight o'clock breakfast, and once to chapel on Sunday, she was content and happy. Jim had gob hie leave, and was going north for a big shoot at Barnelose, and I had arranged to have painters in to do up the drawing-room during his absence, when Biddy asked if she could Lave a week's holiday to go down to Cork to visit her own people, and attend her eldeit brother's wedding fit Cnrngaline. 'Sure, mem, if it was to be after putting ye about at all it's not for gsing I would be, but seein' the master is to be away, and thitn painters comin' messin' around, so as ye can't have a bit o' ducent company to divert yoursilf, thinks I to meBelf, ' Sure, Bfddy, just ax the missus. If it is not to her mind she can but refuse for sure.' ' 1 was only too pleased that things fitted in so well, and so Biddy duly departed for Cork, with permission to remain away for ten days. Therefore, imagine my surprise when just that day week, Janeb, our tall, prim Scotch, table-maid opened the morning room door, and said : ' Please, mem, here's Biddy I ' I was surprised to see the ghost of a smile hover around Janet's lips, a most unusua occurrence, as Janet was not given to mirth. There, sure enough, stood Biddy, be decked in a sky-blue silk gown, a black velvet mantle, bountifully bespangled with gee-paws, and, crowning all, a bonnet gorgeous to behold, with ribbons the colour of the rainbow and a perfect garden of roses of divers hues, while above them wiggled n bird of paradise. For a moment 1 gazed in nntonishmont ; then I said : ' Well, Biddy, you are what the Scotch call ' unco' braw ' 1 I hope that you have enjoyed yourself. We did not expect you before Friday. It waB good of you to come back as soon as you could ! ' ' I'lase, mem, I've not come back,' said Biddy, hanging her head on one side, and looking very red and rather guilty. ' Not come back 1' I cried, laughing. ' Why, Biddy, it's a self-evident fact that you have come back I' ' Yen, mem,' says Biddy, meekly ; ' but not to stop, if ye plase.' ' Why, whatever do you mean, Biddy t' asked I, utterly at a loss. Biddy looked down at the floor, then up at the ceiling, and then down at the floor once more ; twisted a voluminous white muslin pocket handkerchief— much be starched— into a round bull as if she wore making dumplings, then blurted out the astounding information : ' Sure, mom, I can't stop wid you, fo ri have tuck a man 1' ' Took a man ! Biddy, do you mean to tell me you have gone and got married ?' ' Yes, if yo plaae, mem.' And Biddy looked prepared todiSBolve into tears. ' Biddy,' said 1 wrathfully, ' I am dis appointed in you I To go and deceive me in this way I Why did you not honestly tell me you were getting married? 1 could have been looking out for someone to fill your place.' ' Oh, mem ! I never went for to decave ye. No, plase hear me. Sure, I got married unbeknown-like to meself.' ' Nonsense, Biddy 1 You should be ashamed of yourself,' said I, angrily. ' By all the blessed saints it's the truth I am after tolling ye, mem 1 Sure, I never seed Terence O'Malley before I lefb this house last week, as sure as pigs is pigs !' There was no doubting the girl. She was downright in earnest. '(Joine, then ; sit down and explain matters, Biddy.' ' Yes, mem, and thank ye kindly.' And Biddy mopped her eyes and the whole of her good-humoured countenance, and commenced : ' Sure, then, I was just after taking me ticket for Cork, and some rough, coarse drover-boys were squeezing me out of their road — bad luck to their ill-manners I — when a well-put-on young man afore me, says he, ' Young woman, here ye are ; slip in and be after gettin' yer ticket, and I'll keep they cattle boys off ye !' Sure, glad was I to do as he bid ; und as 1 gathered up me change I looks over me shoulder. \- Thank ye kindly,' said I, wid a smile. Sure, could I do less, I axe ye, mem I' ' No -oh, no.' ' ' Sure, then,' says he, at my back, ' I like your smile,' says he. ' So I looks round, and I smiled agin I ?? ? Ye be going to Cork,' eaya he. ' ' For pure,' iays I. ' ' So ib meself,' says be. '' Indeed,' says £ ' ' Yes ; then on to Uarrigaline,' says he. ' ' Indeed ?' says L ' ' To mo siBter's widdin*. She is gettin' one Mat McKeen.' '? ' Never 1' says I. ' ' For sure,' says he. ' ' Why, he is me brudder,' says I. ' ' Never,' says he. ' ? Yes I' says I. ' ? Shake bauds 1' says he. ?? ' With pleasure,' says I. And sure, now, is not that all about it, mem t We was married yesterday.' 