A ROMANCE OF LIFE IN HIGH PLACES. : By MISS BEADDON, Author of "When the World "was Yauuger," "Aurora Floyd," "Taken at the 1'iood," "Lady Audley's Secret, "To the Bitter End," "The Trail of tha Serpent," "i'hantom Fortune," &o.; IPublished by special arrangement with tha j author. All rights reserved. 1 . .,1 CHAPTER XIII.—(Continued). To his great relief, the soldiers did nou reappear, nor did he meet anyone tuac looked like a secret agent of the Cardi nal's. There was ample time for tne little band of consniiutors to vanish into un known distance. Not thus would laehe lieu have acted in such circumstances, George thought, 'thanking heaven for a mild first .Minister. Swift would have-been the search, implacable tne pursuit, if the •weat Cardinal's life had been 111 question; and the warning meant to save braueis Mountain from a foul crime and its deadly consequences might have served only to hasten his doom. i-ij. ii.-4 There was a long bar of pale light behind the towers of SainCGermain-l'Auxerrons before George relinquished his waten. an his anexietv about thai life winch his own act might 'have jeopardised, he had been scarcely conscious of pain or weariness, but now, being assured that Mounta.n must have got himself sale beyorid fhe gates, on foot or on horseback, he began to- feel the aching of bruised limbs and strained sinews, and to long for the reposa of liis pallet at tlie Golden Crown. He passed the Hotel de Cleves on his way home, and heard the steady tramp of t sentrv in the courtyard, and saw tne xleamin'g of breastplate and helmet be vond the porte-cochere, whereby he _ per ceived that his Eminence had, retained the escort Queen Anne had furnished for his protection when he left die Palace. Among the lodgers at the Golden Crown there were several night birds, for whose convenience the door was left on the laxii from midnight till morning. The uarK ness in the narrow psissage and on tne corksc-ieiv staircase reeked with stale wine anil coarse tobacco, and the rank arter fume of yesterday's dinner ; and George, who was wont to leap up the stairs too quickly to note foul odors, dragged, lua tired limbs so slowly as to be painfully conscious of the loathsome atmosphere, it brought hack the memory of the uncle staircase in Aldersgate-street, the polished oalt wainscot, the scent of dried rose leaves and lavender, woodruif and lemon thyme, the freshness and purity that prevailed throughout the house, where every detail was supervised by that great lady lor whom nothing that concerned the welfare of others was too trivial. • ;••• - He was surprised to see a light shining under , the door of his bed chamber, and still more surprised on opening it to see his master standing in front of the old Normandy press in which their garments were kept, engaged in packing a pair or saddle-bags. _ Mountain started and turned at the opening of the door, and stared, round eyed, end open-mouthed, as if he had seen a ghost. , "What devil'.- How in Satan's name did you get out?" "By the use of my own wits and my own limbs." "'You were able to force that door—fas tened with a bolt us thick as my -wrist. Pshaw! What does it matter now? A oil got out—and 'twas you who betrayed ns to Mazarin, and made fools of us. It would serve you rigiii. if I killed you." He made a threatening movement, and drew his sworil half out of the scabbard,' then dropped it back with a laugh. "I am not the killing sort," he muttered, "and you are a bit of my heart. But I tell yon, George, you have cost me a long step on the high road to fortune by your inter ference this night. My friends'will never trust me again. I shall, be known as a blundering spoil-sport. You have lost me t'heir favor for ever!" "And I have saved you from taking part in a murder—cold-blooded, deliberate mur der." "C'old-hlooded—deliberate. , v\ by, our blood was at fever heat—our veins ran fire. Cold-bloocled murder! No, George, 'twere not murder, but patriotism, to rid Prance of this tyrant. 1ms man is grind ing the faces of the poor, and undermining the noble and the gifted. This man is the public enemv-a crafty Italian schemer, sleek and subtle, trading on a handsome face and a plausible tongue—luxurious avaricious as the miser in Plautus, for all his pomp and splendor. This act of ours—• which your cursed interference has hin clered—was a blow for France, and would have done her better sendee than Conde's finest victory." "You, Mountain, you. The brave and honest friend I have loved,—you turned paid assassin." "No, no—'twas no question of gold that tempted me. 'Twas for no sordid niqt've I joined them. 'Twas for a woman, George —a woman who could w'n the stars froni tneir spheres if she wanted them—the in comparable jade. The splendid, audacious, seraphic, diabolical she." Ah! I knew 'twas her influence. The witch in the centre of the web. Madame de Chevreuse. 'Tis strange that faded beauty c-an put so strong a spell upon you." "railed beauty. Y'ou see her in her de cay. I worship her for what she was. Faded beauty. Youth has such insolent phrases. TVs, she has passed the apogee of woman's ripest charms. She is on the downward slope. There are crows' feet at the corners of the finest eyes in France. But wlfile she lives she will be beautiful. Women who have only the beaute du diabie when they are young arc devilish ugly when they are old; but her face is east in that perfect mould which only death can spoil." ' Mountain,- you must not linger. It is morning, and the Cardinal may order a house-to-house search for his enemies, and you, if you are known "I ani not known—unless you have be trayed me." "Can you wrong me by such a thought? I warned the Cardinal, entreated him liofc to leave the palace unguariied—but I was no traitor. lie could extract nothing from me except the fact that there was danger for him between the Louvre and his house. " 1 am glad your superior virtue did not give me to the hangman. If you have not peached, T doubt I am safe enough for the next hour ; and I Shall be forty miles away from Paris before night if my horse be as good as they tell me." " Where is your horse ?" "' In the Hue Saint Antoine, five minu'te3 ride from the gate." " What if the Cardinal has ordered all horsemen 'to be stopped at the gates? There lias been time enough for him to do it. Your friends all made off two hours ago. Why, in Heaven's name, did you linger " I had business in the Faubourg Saint Germain. There was one I had to sea before I left Paris. I could not he such a sneak as to think more of my own skin than of lier disappointment." " A woman ! The witcii in the web, sans dou'te !" "' Ah, lad, when you kn'ow what it is to love a woman—and she as, far out of your reach as the stars are—you -iy.ill smile les3 scornfully at my folly. Yes, 'tis the enchantress in the web, and she hits spun her gossamer round my lieai't. This head of mine is a poor stake for such a game " Your head ! Alas ! 'tis every limb and every sinew you hazard for her—'tis ■the risk of being broken on t'he wheel. The axe is for your betters, Frank." " I would risk the wheel to please her. 'Tis not the first time I have set my life upon a die. Do you remember in 'thirty seven how I left you at Carcassonne in: charge of the landlord of that wretched hovel they called an inn—deserted you for three days and nights ? 'Twas to ride to the Spanish frontier with her, George, lier page and purveyor—to ride at her saddle-tow, she riding a califourcbon in her impudent doublet and hose, her nar row foot and Arabian instep in a boot that a man might have kissed. The boldest rider for a woman that man ever saw ! I rode beside her through the mountain passes—hand locked in hand some times, when the road was perilous —and to be sure I made the most of the danger. These arms received her when she sprang from her • saddle, and. once'— 'twas at the end of our last stage, mark you!—I snatched a kiss. She fetched me a cut of her whip across my cheek that showed red for a month.' But the kiss was worth the smart, George, for her lips clung to mine before she remembered that she ought to be angry and it has been. <ji memory to dream or." "You are foolish to care for an in triguing wanton!" 'Vdeath! you shall call her no names. She sent me off with the fiery brand of lier whip on my face, though I carried letters that would have been my death warrant had Eiehelieu's spies caught me. But she knew that I was her slave, and liail no more choice than the tides have when they obey the moon." He was packing one of his saddle-bags while he talked, folding, thrusting, squeezing bulky garments into the nar rowest possible space, his hands moving as fast as his speech, which was wild and feverish, keeping time with his. throbbing pulses. . • George help sd him to strap the bags, and did all tint he could to hasten his departure. "Have you ea ten anything since you left the Angel, Fran.k?" "Ho, nor ■ sine*; dinner yesterday. Men don't eat when they are concerned in a business that carries the fate of a nation; but I drank enough last night to furnish me against a week's sobriety. Alack! boy, were I a Fr enchman, I could never forgive what you Liave done. If you knew what hung up our design. . . . . We should have been the saviors of France had we succeeded—we should have prevented a' cavil war; for, believe it or •not, George, it* Mazarin remains at the helm there will be a civil war. There is a volcano,of hate under the smooth surface of court and city, that must explode be fore we are much older. He has been at the head of affairs less than a year, and he is worse hated than Hichelieu was in a quarter of a century_ He is so much the meaner vidian—will rise .a willing tool and not reward him while he lavishes gold on the men he fears; gold which he loves as food Catholics love the Mother of God. fe is worse hated than Strafford was, and you know how London clamored for his blood; and Paris is a crueller foe than London. I tell you it must come—another day of barricades, Paris in arms, French men cutting each other's throats. The Princes hate him. The Parliament knows it has been bubbled by him—tricked into quashing the late King's will, and so mak ing this Italian intriguer omnipotent. Well, I am ready!"—as lie tugged at the last strap—needlessly, since George had made all the fastenings secure. "Good bye,' lad, and God bless you. I know you meant me no harm." "Hay. dear friend, I meant to save you from a crime." "Crime! Was that a crime which would have saved these streets from run ning blood? Was Brutus a murderer, think you? See, here is half my fortune" —'taking half a dozen gold pieces from the purse that hung at his waist. "Before that is gone you will have found powerful friends. Mean as the Cardinal, is he must needs reward you." This was said sotto voce on the stairs as they went down together, George following close upoif ins master. "I will take no reward from him!" "Hay, but punish him, George. If you love me, punish him. Take 'his money— the thing he loves. dearest. For my sake make him smart. .Once more—adieu!" [To be continued: from day to day till finished.] 