Phantom Avengers. THE WEIRD EXPERIENCES OF AN AUSTRALIAN PIONEER. Br E, If. GRAVES. My third and last case of oruno exposed by methods beyond tho ken of man was after I had joined the Queensland police. Many years had passed since tho occurrences detailed in the last two Btoriea, and I had in the interval roamed through tho whole of Australia in many capaci ties. Well, I received orders to proceed up country and take chargo of a diatriot that had boon many years under the control of anofficer who now desired to retire on account of failing health. This, of course, was promotion for me, and I was beginning to think that at last I was doing really woU in the world, and had ! attained quite a considerable position. These i thoughts served to relieve the terrible monotony j of my long and wearisome journey in the saddle; but, nevertheless, I was not at all sorry when I drew near to my destination. I spurred my horse into a fast canter, and on turning the corner of the road ncticcd that there was in front of me a great expanse of love], dusty road, straight as an arrow, and strotching almost to tho horizon. The air was marvellously clear, although the sun was set ting ; and I pushed along with renewed hope, knowing that I could not be more than four or five miles from my objeotive point. My horse's canter had been reduced to a slow jog-trot for some little time, and I myself had fallen into a brown study, when I was suddenly startled to find the quiet beast under me Bwerving violently sideways, so that I nearly fell out of the saddle. I jerked tho teins viciously, wonder ing what ailed the brute, and then he relapsed into his usual trot. Raising my head leisuroly, after a few minuteB, I was extremely surprised to sco, about a quarter of a mile ahead, a toll gate, painted a dazzling white, whioh I had not noticed before. However, a far greater surprise was in store for aie, fer, as I ap proached, I was startled to see and old man with long white hair ruBh on to the road before ifte, followed closely by a tall, murderous look ing man, carrying a big axe in his hand. For a few seconds the chase continued, and I noticed that the face of the pursuer was distorted with drink and passion, Isexfc moment, the old man, oxhausted, gavo up the race, and, with out uttering a sound, he sank to the ground beneath a frightful blow of the murderer's axe, his white locks smothored in torrents of blood. Then the murderer stooped quickly, pickcd up the body as though it were that of a child, and disappeared with it into the thick scrub by the side of the road. This horrible drama did not occupy many moments. Whilst it was going on, I sat fairly spellbound on my horse, who stood stock still, trembling violently under me. Tho moment the murderer disappeared, the white toll-gate seemed to dissolve into the air, and my horse moved on down the road of his own accord. There were no gate and no blood- nothing but a little hut at tho road-side, with its chimney smoking peacefully. I was so dazed at what I had seen that I thought after all that I must hava missed my way. With this idea I pulled up at tho hub to ask how far distant the police-station was. To my utter amazement my shouted queries were answered by a rough, ill-favored man-the living counterpart of the ghostly murderer I 7iad seen a few -minutes before / The occupant of the hut, however, was a person of few words and surly manner. He growled a few direc tions, and pointed out to me a bridle-path leading through tho sorub to the police camp. A few minutes' ride sufficed to bring mo there, and I immediately had an interview with the officer in chargc. As we Bat at supper to gether, it struck me that Inspector J 's debility was rather mental than physical. He seemed to me to be extremely nervous, and he proceeded after the meal was over to givo me a brief description of the district, and many grave warnings not to make friends with our nearest neighbor. During the intervals of desoription and in structions tho inspector, I noticed, applied himself pretty frcoly and frequently to tho whisky bottle, helping himself more and more liberally at each drink. After he had quite exhausted himself with talking, I began to re late my strange experience of a few hours bofore, and I was rambling on about tho toll gate and the weird a ghost murder" I had witnessed, when a queer, gurgling noise drew my alarmed attention to my companion. He sat bolt upright, olutching tho table, his eyes i protruding in the moat awful way, and a chok-1 ing sound issuing from his throat. His lips ! wore flecked with foam and blood, and I in- . stantly came to the conclusion that the j unfortunate man was in the throes of a very bad fit. I managed to get him into bod that night, and by simple remedies known to every 1 pioneer, I got him past immcdiato danger although all night long he continued talking incoherently. As the delirium abated, the un fortunate officer grew weakor and weaker, and in the afternoon of tho next day he sent forme to his bedroom-I had been examining some reports in tho office. " I think I am dying," was tho startling greeting he had for mo, " and I should like to ease my conscience of a very heavy load. Sit down. For years," he con tinued, " I have striven to drown memory, but your mention of the toll-gate phantom revived all the hideous reality of my past, and brought on this fatal seizure. I know it to be my last, so you had better take down the facts as I give them to you." ' So saying ho partly raised himself in bed, and groped under his pillow for his noto-book and pencil, which he handed to mo. ! "Soon after joining the force," he said, weakly, "I was sent up heroj and in those days there was a toll-gate oloso to the hut you passed yesterday. The present occupant was thou toll-keeper, and tho pretty face of his daughter Nettie attraoted me only too often to tho toll-house. Tho father, Rouben Burns, was a thoroughly bad man-an inveteraco gambler and a hard drinker. At first I used to play quite a friendly game with him, but I soon drifted into long nights at4 hazard,' and with my brain clouded with drink, I became an easy viotim to tliat villainous cheat and sharper. I was wildly in lovo with tho girl, and there fore I went theio time and time again. Burns won largo sums from me, and to vetrievo my losses I used my offioial funds, which fact the scoundrel soon found out in somo mysterious Way. Ono dark and stormy night, just as 1 had added another to my heavy losses, an old man knooked at the door of tho toll-house, and craved shelter for tho night. Tho rain waB descending ir perfect shoots, whilst tho thunder and lightning were truly appalling. Display ing a bulky bag of notes and gold, tho old man said he would pay well for tho accommodation, as ho had made hie pile at the up- country diggings, and was on his way back to tho old country. Keuben's eyes sparkled with greed as ho gruffiy assented, and without a moment's delay ho whispered to my muddled brain a suggestion of whoso import I could not then realise the wholo horror. Briofly, tho idea was that we should drug and rob our visitor, or make away with him altogether, and sharo the spoil. With senses dulled by the fiery poison, and only thinking of my losses and the inovil* able exposure that must oome, I weakly agreed; and as with Reubon to plan was to act, the old man was oheorily invited to drink. In a vory few moments tho powerful drug which had been put iuto his whisky began to work, but bofore it had time to do its work effectually, cupidity got tho upper hand, and a premature attempt was made to empty tho poor man's pockets. This, however, causod him to revive partly, and it was pitiful to Beo his struggle to j regain his senses. The old man staggered to ; his feet and fairly hurled himself on to tho road. -Reuben followed him, and coaxed him to return, but ho would not. Instead, ho com I menced to reel drunkenly up tho road, and iu I a moment or two was drenched through and through with the torrential raini Heavens) I can see the murder growing in Reuben Burns's face even now. Ho tore past me back into the house for his big woodman's axe, and in an in. credibly short time he was on the traok of the old man onco more. I followed, nob knowing what I did. Fwas juBt in time to see Reuben swing tho axo high into the air and Bplib open the old man's skull. Ho sank without a groan noar to tho old toll-gate, and that night I helped in the horrid task of burying tho mangled corpse beneath the big beef-wood tree at the back of the house. Reuben and I divided our ill-gotten gains. My share, even after all my debts were paid, was over £400 ; but from that day I have known no peace. The toll-gate was dono away with years ago, but the knowledge that it has appeared to you is the last blow to an overburdened conscience, and as I am sinking fast, it will case me a little to sign my confession." This amazing story has a rather prosaic sequel. Reuben Burns, of course, was the ill. favored person who had answered my inquiries at tho desolate little hut. Two days later I left for tho capital with the murderer manacled at iny side. The now deceased officer's con« fession, backcd by ciroumBtantial evidence, proved ample for the purposes of justice, and thus for the third time in my experience was some-shall wo say supernatural?-agency tho means of bringing a bloodstained criminal face td face with tho last dread nenaltv of tho law. \- Wide World Magasine. 