00R JSA GLEEA WS LUTTEF (From Our-correspondent.) Sunday, 17t!i ac: ukaxge Service.— A religions service. the auspices of the Eaglehawk branch L.t was held this afternoon ia the Methodist Church. The Rev. W- ,,; chaplain of the local lodge. prea::iM.^ among a good number of the brethren p:~; were:— D.M., Bro. bhaw, of the Be:iu:gJ J-': W.M:, Bro. Cartwright, Castlesnaise ' and the W.M. of theEaglehawk - Lord; and Secretary, Bro. Hannay. M1' took for his text, Romans, 14th oh.iptor,' verse, "For the Kingdom of God is r.ot ^ and drink but righteousness, joy and the Holy Ghost.1' These words from a ; were passing wenderful, especially a5 1 the straightest or a straight sect. The ci> distinction, however, wis peculiar to ; Tiiitament. He argued from the worJs test that ceremonies found their fnLnl'.v.^ Chiist, and the soul might tranwt' ^ mediately with the Saviour. '1 '■<•* ■; principle of Roman Catholicism iv;is their church alor.e- could give salvations^ its intervention only could grace be They alone could prepare a person for tie1'-,'' if he got into purgatory he could be r,r:"c,';ri'B of it. Protestantism preached Go-.l c'-r; That was the great difference, and t ^ others also. There were also, he was P1''--?*. say, sojaegr?.Tid a tvl glorious kk'ntitk;.- r.) V--; religions. The monopiy of grace claimec. Romish Church found no basis in the Daniel Webster regarded his personal resp?: bility to a personal God, tne mcst i'W' thought of his life, and that was gone whfc church became one's sponsor. The meiii '■ agent between a man's heart and heaven i'1 sarUy enlisted his devotion ; hence obe"1* to the^ clergy was apt to take the pis** obedience to 6od. The past 400 year.-5 disproved Home's monopoly, as spiritual 2^ had Nourished on soil which Rome an;\\. ^ tised. When any church regarded 1 sole repositary of God's grace"intolerance "j the logical issue of its oped and intolowy became persecution directly it had thepow^-.H choir under Mr. R. Bottoms savin two anfq in capital style, Miss Janies playing the >,r=| accompaniments. An Ar-UtSr.—Constable Kcs^ro'.v y1 arrested a boy named William Henry Ti;®l son on a charge of breakir,.; in to^the I Louey Cliong, at Job's Guliy, and stoaliiv-, g from a bottle o£ girt, several packets of ' K and cigarettes, some cards and -Is in u'.o-S The Chinaman v.'ss absent from home fro"1 H 10th to 15iii inst., owing to his being a ! minent p.ssistant in the Vaster Fair festb*' ■in Bemligo, his particular branch of the g work being to perform in the Chinese Cin The boy has admitted to the police that he ci mittcd the theft. Ilt-ness or Mb. R, M'N.ur. — M'Xair. t!ie v,-eU-kno\vu sViarcbcoker, ha? lL; fev.- dnvs pas-t been confined to bis room serious illness. Brs. GaiYnjy and .Tones .y1, attendance, and to-day Mr. M'Nair issta-ei be a lit'tle bettor. 