N'MPOHTff, Bt J. O. B. In these days of fierce competition the trader who would hold hiB own must often sail pretty close to the wind. Take the recent case of a rich Melbourne establishment. It never insured its goods in transit, leastways not with strange offices. But, like other large concerns, it had a private in surance fund. When a steamer recently went down she took a fair amount of the firm's mer chandise with her. Then the astute merchants sent round to the various houseB from which they d obtained the submerged goods, and said: — ' You see how M. Davy Jones has treated us by filling his locker with the commodities you sold us. As the wares must be replaced we expect a generous discount on our next purchases.' ' But,' their oo-salesmen suggested, ' you've a sinking fund of your own. Why keep it up at our expense ? ' As no ready answer could be found, the chances are that an enhanced rather than a lowered figure will be placed on the next pur chase made by the pawky firm. *? * * -u For 29 years Lake Wendouree, the one ewe lamb of Ballarat, has not been so low. Two feet is its present average depth, and it is surmised that boys will shortly be racing on dry land over which boats raced some weeks since. This shows the imprudence of stocking Australian lakes with exotic fish that live in water only. The true iisli is the indigenous article that puts up with water in the absence of mud, but prefers the latter, especially when hard and dry. The Ballarat folk look on the affair as a portent. The Franco Prussian struggle followed the last drying-tip, so that the pool is regarded as a warlike barometer. Still, among foreigners in Sydney, the opinion iu all but universal that unless something unlooked for occurs there'll be no big scramble before tho 1900 Exhibition. In that time, what with tho sharpshooters of Ballarat and tho savages (the phase is the late C. E. Jones's) of Bungarce, cen tral Victoria should be safe from inBult. « * * * The 24th ultimo saw two notable events Majesty's 79th birthday in Britain and matri mony's first essay in a western village. On that day the local priest joined two hands and hearts — the first ceremony of the kind in the rising set tlement. Naturally, on such an unprecedented occasion, the fun was fast and furious. Two things arreBt attention — the music and the danc ing. The former consisted of a couple of violins and an accordion ; the latter started at 3 in the afternoon of one day and ended at 7 on the fol lowing morning — 1C hours. When the middle and western hamlets of New South Wales go for enjoyment they tackle it in a whole-souled fashion. No dilettanteism for them. At Bourke, before railways or telegraphs, I've seen a wedding where the witnesses danced and drank and dis puted for a week afterwards. Reels and rows were so mixed that one strange visitor thought he'd struck a community of affectionate Shakers, while another imagined himself in Pandemonium. To play a fiddle for 16 hours is comparatively easy ; the fingers, even when stiff, fall mechanic ally on the proper spots. But it is the first time in the history of music that a person played an ac cordion for two-thirds of a day and recovered. How his audience pulled through has so far been kept quiet. ? * * * The prayer of a Balmain deputation to Mr. Young, the Minister for Works, regarding the suburb's roads and bridges, was called an ' ulti« matum ' by the presenting Mayor. The word proved as dangerous as between nations. Mr. Young, usually so stoical, at once assumed the merciless and threatening aspect of a miniature Mars. He had not been approached in the pro per spirit. The councillors had to climb down from their ultimatum perch and roost on a branch considerably lower before he'd promise anything. Then everything was agreed to, and the deputa« tion left with one hand in its own pocket and an knees, sometimes in puddles, cave gone. Even when George III. was king, approaching Mayors had to duck, till one of them, when the fufsy Lord Chamberlain broke out with, ' Kneel, sir, kneel,' replied, ' I can't . you Bee I've a wooden leg.' Had Sir George Dibbs been the Minister to whom the Balmain proposal was pre sented it is to be feared that all the aldermen, in cluding his Worship, 'would have participated in the denunciation once so vigorously applied to Chicago. * * * * At Cororooke (Vic.) a strange spectacle has re cently given trouble. It was a wan light passing rapidly through the night over fields aud houses. Cattle, horses, and dogs crowded trembling round the few scattered dwellings, whose terri fied inmates were sitting up in alarm. It was ultimately found that a large bird with a Chinese lantern tied to it was the cause of this extraor dinary phenomenon. The malignant fowl was evi detly tame and trained, as, having succeeded in disorganising the vicinity, it always alighted at and entered the same cottage. That cottage is now watched from many sides. It ie not impro bable that the inmates one of these nights may receive an unwelcome surprise party from indig nant neighbours when the bird has gone its rounds. People who give themselves to supplying their acquaintances with footfalls from other spheres must not be surprised at receiving some footmarks in return. # * *- * As a direct challenge to those cavillers who con sider Adelaide the most priest-ridden town in Australasia, the Anglican Synod passed a reso lution there the other day to the effect that in the matter of cremation ' no vital principle of re ligion was involved.' It was bound to come to this. For where one side has all the argument ani the other all the prejudice, the latter muBt ultimately break down. Everything that could be said on each aspect of the case lias been said. Still, all the past has proved Low long it takes for a great truth to work its way down from the serene heights to the level of everyday humanity. Even Evolution is yet largely confined to the hilltops, and is but slowly making its way into the valleys. The thing to be noted is that in Ade laide and in tan assembly ot clerics — the two last plac=s where many would seek — the claims of cremation have been , fir at publicly allowed. * * * * Doctors Hocken and Colquhoun have returned to Dunedin and given the Otago Institute an ac count of the Fijian fiie- walkers. Only one family .ian now perform the feat. On glowing stones of over 400* (the thermometer burst at 282*, through the melting of the tin soldering) these dark per sons walked for half a minute with little on their bodies and nothing on their feet. It was the black art in every sense. While unable to give nny rational explanation, the 2sT.Z. medicos reject all supernatural suggestions. -The natives emerged wirhout a blister or a sign of discomfort. If there's trickery — as there's pretty well sure to be — it is of a kind which no white conjurer has reached. One thing is certain — in these inquisi tive days the affair cannot be allowed to rest where it is. Experience in the telepathic, ghost, medium, and clairvoyant lines has proved the un reliability of scientific men in presence of Btrange phenomena. Being so thoroughly sincere them selves they seldom look for insincerity in others. * -*? *- * * The ' Maitland Mercury ' publishes blank verse in favour of federation. Addressing a United Australia, the bard lets himself out : — Upon thy pastures broad sliall oxen fatten and increase To yield thy people food. Tire gentle flock? That brow it and bleat upon thy slopes shall give Yearly the warm fleece that ail may be clothed. The swing of the rhythm reminds you of the dog eared ' Georgics ' you waded through with many taps and many tears when horn -books were in fashion and the bicycle — thank heaven — was undreamt of. In spite of what pedaut a may say, the English tongue in the hands or in the mouth of a master lends itself naturally to metrical ex pression, especially with an engrossing subject. The first and fourth lines in the foregoing ex cerpt have the true ring of the Damascus blade. * * * * For all that may be said to the contrary, duel ling still survives in England. The other day a military officer and a journalist fought with swords near Fleet- street, that London thorough fare dear to old Sam Johnson as well as to many famous men before and since. After a few passes falchions were dropped and fists substituted. The combatants instinctively fell back on the more dangerous weapons. ' Both went to hospital a little later on, the scribbler with a tilted nose and the soldier with a broken leg. Either the b2lt was phenomenally low or the litterateur must have been an expert with his feet to cause such an injury. On the way, the warrior, lying fact downwards on the stretcher, was heard to mur mur : — ' Frederick was right when he said armies travelled on their stomachs ; he was wrong in adding that they won with their legs.' * * * * The journalist was right who recently stated that everybody in Melbourne presuming to be anybody came from north of the Tweed. The ap plications for enrolment in the southern capital's new Scottish regiment show how well Caledonia is represented from society's parapet to basement. Half the front ranks will he millionaires, while, but for their cloth, the bulk of the rear companies would consist of ministers. If the kilt could be banished from the uniform and a- black frock coat with white tie substituted, the corps would possess more preaching power than any similar body since Cromwell's IronsideB. Mr. Zox, the genial and well-developed member for East Melbourne, has applied for admittance on the strength of having had a Scottish mother. As he is reputed to be a pastmaster on the tin whistle, the post of drum major would naturally fall to him. Our rcspected citizen, Mr. Quong Tart, who never appears to greater advantage than in kilts, is said to con template transferring his allegiance to Victoria for the purpose of joining the battalion if the Federation measure passes. With M. Zox in front chanting ' By the Waters of Babylon ' and M. Tart behind holding on to ' When Ye Gang Awa Jamie,' Cossack and cuirassier and Uhlan would come and depart like so many shadows in a conjurer's mirror. 