SCHRISTMAS 1898. StincE last "the bells rang out the b;rth "of Christ" there has been nothing very startling-either from ,an opti mistic or pessimistic point of vieiw-in the general.and political history of Vic toria,-still less in that of the town of North Mlelbourne. The situation is in tmany respects ahnest identical with that which the closing weeks of last year witnessed, and now, as then, we are told "things are a little better." Doubtless, had the harvest of the present year camte coame up to anything like the sanguine expectations formsed of it in the autumn and early spring, matters would have been better still, but even as it is they are certainly not retrogressing. A well known local architect informs us that he has been instructed to draw plans for an extensive terrace of houses on the St. Kilda-road, and in the neighborhood of Ascot Vale several seven and eight roomed "substantial brick villas"-to borrow the auctioneering phrase-have been erected during the year now ap preaching its end. Those who-are for tunate enough to have money to invest can certainly do more with it than for merly, and the reconstructed banks shortly expect to pay the shareholders dividends. Of course things are only partially adjusting themselves, but this is certainly "the day of small mercies," and we should be thankful instead of always harping on the dismal tune signified by the word: t, J)ont ..ee:any. "improvement"-a ~i 'of conduct which. " pnteal, unpatriotic, and not calculated to make ourselves or others fare any better. The construction of the railway to Collingwood which, as our readers are aware, was authorised by Parliament last week, is bound to make the labor market more lively, and will employ both a multiplicity of variety of trades and callings. Whether the line will yield an adequate return for the outlay on its construction, in the face of the competition of a cheap, comfortable, wnF cunvenient-tHirsrervice-is-to-tht minds of many, highily problematical, but that we have nothing to do with at present. . Christmas is unlike any other holiday-save, of course. Easter-in that it is. a festival of the Christian Church as well as a time of public ree reation and holiday making. That its theological aspect is not so prominent in men's minds as in the "ages of faith," when somen . simple. pious souls actually believed that the oxen and horses went on their knees at midnight of Christumas Eve, is apparent: and there are not a few thinkers now-and not of the blaslpheming and scoffting type, but reverent, decent-living, and tolerant of others' views-who have serious doubts as to whether the Babe of Bethlehem was indeed "incarnate of the Holy Ghost." and was not simply a great ttmoral teacher, and His claim to divinity the delusion of a hight-souled dreamer. But whether we are orthodox in our views of the nativity of Christ or not, none of us wish to see Christmas disappear from the almanace. Although family re-unions are not so much the invariable rule in the colony on the 25th December itas in England. yet there is something of the sort, and one hears the expression "Getting home for Christ ' mns," fromt others besides girls and boys at boarding schools. Christmas, too, is essentially a children's holiday, and in the rush and competition of modern life it is just as well at times to try and catch the influence of happy and simple-inided children. A German proverb says " Keep at least six paces Sfromt him whoi t itates the voice of a "child." Certainly the" voice of a child" sometimes is rather too suggestive of the steam whistle and othier car-piercing sounds to be ptcissr, bstL- he-wuhol--be -a-barsh -di- eiplinarian--and soured- can indeed who never liked to hear the little child's laugh or the boy's hearty cheer. Cup Day hardly appeals to our young folk-it would not be a very desirable thing if it did-aiand the Foundation Day that is observed next month is more the holiday of the young men and women of thie colony, but Christmas stands dis tinguished as the great juvenile time of rejoicing. Another aspect oh Christmas is that it is a time when men's hearts are as a rule kindlier and more charitable than at other times in the year, and there numerous little acts of unselfishness and.thoughtfnlness evoked at this season that the world at large knows nothing of. The very prisoners in the gaols have some extra indulgences at Christ nas, while the inmates of the Benevo lent Asylum have a regular "high time" of it _fherefore let us wdcnmeChirist nmas in the Christmas spirit, and endea vor-even if we are not blessed with many of this world's goods-to make ourselves hiaipipy, and others also. As regards the readers of the CoUatEn, we wish them in all sincerity "A Merry "COhristmas and a Happy New Year." 