[?] The conference of ma?tero nnd mea with regard to the northern coal trade held its final meeting ea Saturday. At tho ooal conference on Saturday, the represontatives of tho maetera brought forward proposalo which they stated the men must definitely oocopt or rejeot. The proposals of tho (collisrj proprie tors are to be aobmitted to a ballot of the minors. . There is grave dioaatiofaction oaioag the Nowcastlo miners at tho terms of the agreement oSered by the colliery pro priotory. Singleton pastoraliets snggoat that the fairest way to distribute tho imported Government dairy etook wonld bo by auction sale. The Island stoamer Moresby brought news on Satnrday of the maseacro of tho captain and four of the crow of tbe Sea Ghost, at the Solomon Group. The attack on the Sea Ghost t/oo made quite unexpectedly. Tho native crew fought desperately. The German warship Falko, now is Sydney Harbor, will probably undertake a punitive expedition to the Solomon Islands. The French Ambassador at Berlin asserts that France cannot join in any general disarmament nntil Igypt and the Suez Oanal are freed from British oontrol. Vessels of all nations are now being admitted into Manilla harbor. A plot has been discovered for the murder of Baron Baaffy, tho Hungarian Premier. Signor Sncehi, the Italian ' fasting man,' has abstained from food for 33 days. A hope is expressed by the Frotea tionists that no opposition will be given to Mr. Barton when he seeks a seat. The Robertson seat has been men tioned in connection with Mr. Barton'fl name. Mr. Lee, speaking at Tentarfield, placed special stress on tho Federal sincerity of the Government. Un Satnrday,. Mr. L. @. Russell Jonofl, late membor for Petorshem, was entertained at a complimentary pienio. Speaking on Saturday, Mr. Hoguo stated that it was thr ambition of the Ministry to obtain Federation. A man named William Lee was robbed and' violently assaulted in a street of Melbourne last night. Artbnr Stray, ogod 42, whom over indulgence in drink had rained, com* mitted suicide at Melbonrno on Satur day. Tha Government Geologist is of opinion that a valuable deep lead will be found in the Murray channel, near Albnry, Mr. Pnttman thinks that better con ditions will have to be oSerad to capita lists to induce them to work t-o leads along the Murray. A special circular from the Cardinal regarding the completion of St. Mary'o Cathedral was read in all tho Roman Catholio churches on Sunday. Several deaths caused by influenza are reported from Kangaroo Yalley. The Wyalong miners have decided to give financial assistance to the miners on strike at Adelong. Wollongong dairymen aro dissatisfied with the present conditions of tho sailk trade. Keports from Clifton state thet tho coal trade there is very dull. The Queensland Minister for Agri culture recommendo K.8. Wales stock owners to inoculate their animals agaiast the tick. The Board of Health hoa decieiad to givo rewards to inspeotore securing verdicts under tho Diseased Meat Aot. Under .the new tick regulations, the . precautions to keep tho pest out of - ' Few South Wales have boon , tnado as ' effective sb possible. Parramatta authorities have resolved ^ to petition the Government for tho ita- ? provement of Parrataatta River. , The crops sown in virgin land oronnS \ Albnry are growing marvellously. ?'? tmmm ' '™' L^ Varley, one of the Trial Bay escapees, | has been traced to Grafton, bat has noi | yet been csptured. 1 t 5 