THE ZIONIST CONFERENCE. (From ' The Jewish World.') The second Zionist Congress was opened by Dr. Theodor Heiiz in the presence of a crowded assembly, on August 28 last. Scarcely a part of the inhabited world but had sent its repre sentative to take part in the Conference, thus called for the amelioration of the position of the Jewish race. The French delegate, arrayed in the attire of the Parisian boulevards, met the long-cloaked Rabbi trom Russia and Ga licia with their furried hats — met and greeted, bound together by a common object and a common hope. All languages seemed to have its speakers, and the vast hall of meeting re sounded with eager discussion, and conver sation. The entrance of Dr. Herlz was the signal for prolonged cheering, and the imme diate following of Dr. Max Nordau rendered the scene one never to be forgotten. Men cheered till they were hoarse ; hats were raised and flourished, and a perfect frantic ovation greeted the renowned writer. ?v Dr. Herlz, amid a profound silence, then opened the proceedings with a deeply interest ing address. He said : 's Zionism has finished a year's cycle since we were together for the first time. To-day we have come again, because we cannot find a better spot, because a tie of gratitude binds us to this town. As something strange, in many quarters inconceivable, the new movement arose. Some thought it to be a ghost of bygone days. We, however, had the secret feeling, ? before we were conscious of it. that this was not true. Death is the end of all suffering; how is it then that we suffer ! Little by little, silep by step, the consciousness took firmer root, until it entered the consciences of the people, and thence singing the heart of old and young. But many a serious and hard thought was given utterance to against such an assembly. Was not the accusation made that our situation would become worse if we expressed an inter national cry against our Christian fellow citizens ? To that we replied at the beginning, and again, and again, that we do not form an international society, but we conducted an international diseuss'on, one destined for ever lasting commemoration. No alliances oi secret intervention do we demand, but discussion for the present and the future, under control of pubic opinion There must have been the tone of t-uthfulness in our worJ.s, for the Conference called forth sympathy even in the quarters that were unfriendly or indifferent to us. Every nation, which does not hide it from itself, has a claim upon th: respect f other nations. Let us not forget in our anti-sem^tic days that, they were preceded by more generous days that gave us emanc'pation The will wa-s good, but the r°suh was unsatisfactory. Was it our I fault or others, perhaps, it was due to both, or to the circumstances which were ripened too soon ? The law was more liberal than custom. We realised the reaction ; but out of the. emancipation which cannot be re-called, and out of Zionism sprang new demands. It was impossible in the spirit of emancipation to cease being Jews, for we were repulsed when desired to be united with them. The historical spirit, moreover, actuated us rather to prepare a home for the poor liberated worker. What cculd not be accomplished before can be done to- day if we only wish it. It is not sufficient to feel and recogni-e ourselves as a people, following in the wake of the consciousness of the people must come the will of the people But there lie as yet many difficulties in the path of that. A misery of long duration has weaned us from a consequent will, and the characteristics, which another nation does not conceal, but cherishes and nurtures, we dared not to evince. Now, when we at last do it, we must contend with the passive opposition and the idleness in certain inimical official circles of Judaism is apparent in the protest of certain rabbis It will always be regarded as one of the most remarkable things that the gentlemen who pray for Zion at the same time rise against Zionism. The contradiction is inex plicable from its uncertain beginning, whether the communities are also ia agreement with that. A movement like ours does not depend upon the councils of the communities, the majority is with us. These form and maintain the community, and consequently the action must be with their approval. Out of brotherly consideration we have taken no action. But now an end must be made to it ; it cannot remain so ar?y longer that the Jewish com munities shall agitate against Zionism, an obstinate and impossible state of affairs. In all places where the members of the Council do not belong to us, men who are worthy and capable to occupy such posts of honor, and who are near to us in our ideas, must be lifted upon the shield and borne into the Communal room in the name; of the National Idea The authority' of the community, the means at its disposal, the persons whom it maintains may ! not . be employed against the ideas of the people. I, therefore, believe, to speak on your behalf, members of the Congress, if I point out as one of our next aim?, the conquest of the communities- This is the loyal and legal way to give utterance to the Zionistic will of the people, not only at the annual consultations which call us together here, but now in our daily labors and at the same time in every place where Jews live. It is not sufficient for us to know to what extent the idea of Zionism has been taken up by Jewry, the fact must now be shown. The ballot paper is for that purpose the mosu suitable and unobjectionable means. Outside Judaism our agitation has gained already many valuable sympathies, and doubts are only expressed whether Zionists are only a small wonderful band who.;e assur ances and intentions are of no weight. The onquest of the communities will show what we can do. If we desire to call for the sym pathies of the non Jewish world, this is also objected to. The same people who represent that Zionism is creating new bonders between . the peoples, find fault that the friendship of Christian Zionists is welcom: to us. To us it is not a mere matter of utility when we press the hands stretched out towards us in so friendly a manner. It shows, in the first place, that within Zionism is a power of recon ciliation. Thoughts, free from hatred, streng then themselves upon this ground. We hold steadfast to our Judaism, and for all that gain friends of the noblest unselfishness Is that so bad? We, who a**e supposed to create differences, bring, by a mild attempt, hnman beings closer together. We do not employ any tri ks for that purpose We only state what we ar ; we speak the truth. And the truth is that we require such friends The work which is before us we wish to accomplish by our own power, but it must be a'companied by good wi htjs, otherwise it cannot succeed. O.i what accoant do we merit the gool wishes? Be cause we solve a question which burdens several countries, and which cannot be solved ? without our help. For the Jewish question is a great trouble to many a iState. You will h .»ar when the general situation during the . past year is discussed, how numerous, sad to ! 1 say, were the proofs for the necessity of I Zionism. Here and there, to-day in the South [ and to- morrow in the North the hatred of the ' the Jews arises ; no cultured State is situated '.. so far West that it should not shelter this old persecution; no half-civilised State has re mained so backward as to be ignorant of the newest form of slang words. The mob sud denly rushes through the streets; only by the light of the fire is Jewish property destroyed, sometimes the Jewish owners are destroyed also. But this is not the worst. Not the shedding of blood, not the devastation, not the slander are the worst. These turbulencies seriously damage the ill-treated soul of our people. They undermine again and again, justice and the sense of honor; they cause the sufferers to become enemies of a step-motherly society in which such things can happen. Let us not be surprised if the proletarians amongst proletarians, of all human being the most despairing, are to be found in the ranks of the most revolutionary parties. , Let us not be sur prised, bur. let us rather introduce improve ments. From iar-seeing statesmen it may perhaps be expected that they see the danger to society which lurks in the unsolved Jewish question. The Jews, it is generally said, are a destroying element. Here and there the steps are from injustice, to injustice. But as we desire to evolve ou^ of the Jew a constructive element, it is logical that all those should support who have no desire to see the Jew destroying everything. We are prepared to bring forward the period of the constructiveness of the Jews : we have everything in full measures required for the purpose - the men, the material, the plans; the only thing we want is— -the site. The site which is suitable for us is naturally of an exceptional kind. No portion of the globe has been so coveted as this 'one ; bub so much have so many nations desired it, that, notwithstanding our sincerest desires, it has become withered. We believe, however, that, like ourselves, this desolate tidrner of the East had not only a past but also Has a future. This soil, on which so little ?^rows now, gave birth for the whole of humanity. And no one can deny that an intimate connection exists between our people and this land. If there are really legitimate demands upon a piece of ground, all nations who believe in the Bible must recognise the ? ' aright of the Jews. They can admit, without envy and care, that the Jews are no political power, and never will be a political power. An annexation by an existing power, no matter which — that is another matter. The country is not only the home of the noblest ideas and of the unhappiest nation, it is on account of its geographical p:sition of significant importance to all Europe. Through it will go at a tims, which cannot; be far distant, a street of culture and commerce to Asia. Asia is the diplomatic problem of the next decade. We might claim, with all humility, that the Zionists, who are said to be devoid of practicalness, have noticed and made public several years previous to the time, the approaching develepment of the European race of the claimants. We can see already to-day the way it goes You know with what attention are noticed the steps of one power by another, and if a modern prince shortly takes a pilgrimage to the holy places, we hear only an expression of fear, in certain instances open enmity, from the public opinion of all countries. This country can and never will become the property of my one great powT, for it is the most watched ; it is no longer guarded by its present possessors, bub by all others. Is it then to remain for ever in ids present position ? This would be deplorable \- ? ? for all, just because the necessity of general ?culture and transit depend upon that The Ottoman Empire has shown its indestructible power of iife in the last war. The Turk has Tthe best qualities ; be is brave, generous, capa ble of making sacrifices— only wanting the ?qualities necessary for cultivation and indus trialism of a country. This is a f$ct. There fore the introduction of a peaceful project ? loving national e'ement which has the qualities ? that are lacking would be a strength and an enrichment. (To be continued ) 