[?] sipIBIT WARNINGS OE DISASTER- . It seems bad enough to see someone, else's, ghost ; but to have to ait still and watoh your own spook float aflily 'about before you, is quite' too uncanny for anything. Lupkily, to judge " from some , of toe rikses on record; your spirit double only yimta you on matters of extremely urgent business; and whn he does look in, it is well to treat himnioely, and tako -partioular notice/ of any .hints he may drop, for- you very likely may depend upon them. To show how neoessary 'this is, a case may -be quoted,' whioh, the! writer has 1 satisfied lumself is -perfectly bona fide. - ' A friend of his,' a young 'surgeon , "oaptairi ia toe Indian Medical Service, was putting in a few days jiragle shooting at the foot of fh o TTim A.1 ilnA'' TiTffht-h'a alone in toe hut— his companion having beeii recalled' unexpectedly— when he 1 aqMenly awoke with a dread feeling toat sombthirig serious was about to happen.- Turning over very slowly-; -for/fear of hastening any rittaek; holooked upand to hit horror" saw-his own speotre standing, attired in shadowy garb -exaotiyfikethis/own', ait the'bed-side, / 7- / ; The apparition gazed at him. for an -in stant, as 'if to assure 'itself' that he !was awake," theu raieed ;ita hand and' /pointed stoadilyat' ohe/corner of the. room'; 'Follow'-' ing the direotiori indioated, the do c tor i 0 oka d : and instaritty toe black head and body: of ' a cobra, darted ifpm a1 cranny of /thri wall, and came crawling across the moonlit floor fb 'top mattre88 ori; which he was./lying.' A gbi| shot hlew it to pulp,, but when the.'dootor looked to see ' what - Md become of his de-; liverer,; the ghost had variished.' _ i In another instance, a girl, when sitting np into, the' small' hours -bf toe. morning . reading,- saw/her own. apparition ra /riight- robe glide across the bedroom to a bay ! win- ; dow which>stbod'operi, . prisS ftorough It, "and'/ Vanish; TKe girl- was known on varo 00-j ; oasionsto Walk in he'rsleep,'arid her mother; shrewdly imagining it was a prembnltion of disaBte/ -:watoh the touowteg riwht) Sure enoughj the 'girl, at toe hour of toe Vision, ; rose, crossed to'7 the wtodow, un fastened it, to anotoer : stebnd; would ' have been hnrled thirfy feet to toe ground beneath; had lier mother not. clutched kef. : ' ; Lriss fortunate wte a man who, having seen his spirit double. did not take warning. He was sitting. reading at toe window one evening- last summer, when his attention was attiaoted by/his dog- suddenly /getting rip arid rushing to the front door, Where rit barked v vigorously; ! Looking flutjYWwaa' astonnded to see a man reseinbling him exactly' in-' face, flgare'and dress, opining slowly up the steps leading to toe frorif/deor; Half-way «p the figure vanished; apparently into the masonry; and the '.expectant terrier gave k . mournful howl. The next evening, retening from1 business at toeideriticat' hour j he wak mounting the Vtopsjwheritoey/Bud- -denlytepllapsed: he was/flung into1 the cellar beneath/ and instantly killed. 7 "... ; Perhaps a more dramatic instanoe :toari any is pne toldin the FireBrigado7 A few! years hack a call was received, and toe engine was manned; - Five men constituted tlie/orew; brit as it drove out/>f " the station toby /noticed a sixth, too exact doable ' of a mate who they knew wasrleft in toe stetionl As the engine swung into toe road at & gal lop .toe hel meted speotre vanished into thin air. On their roturfi, toe. men, pale as 'Bheets, > related their ,/nricrinny /experience,' and, to their astpnflhment, were oprroboratod hy their: mates iri /the station, and among them toe double m tfle fleito77 \- An hour later a seoond call came, and top unfcrtunite fireman, heing 'next for duty, mounted to his seat.' Again toe engine swept oat at a gallop, but as it took toe corner/the wheel struok a/.'post, and one of Jtoe crew was fiung from, his! seat and hfl " briaina knocked out on toe Gobbled street. ' f: .It was the man whose speptee a couple of hotos before had appeased arid vanished on the same spet. . .. . /.---. - . /" 