News of the Week. — — • The banana is the most prolific of fruits. The produce of one acre planted with bananas will support 25 times as many people as the produce of an acre planted with wheat. The naming of vessels of the United States navy is regulated by law. Vessels of the first-class are required to be nKilled after States, those of the second after rivers, those of the third after the principal cities and towns, and those of the fourth as the President may direct. Owing to a clerical error, Mr Thomas was crected with a donation of one -guinea towards the Rev. Chaplin testimonial fund. It should have read Mr J. Thorpe. Among the many who propose to shake the dust of Menzies from thenshoes is Or. Manton, who is likely to enter into business in Kalgoorlie, and he Avill probably send his resignation as councillor at the next meeting of the Council. The friends of Mr and Mrs M. C. Lewis will regret to hear that theninfant child died at Mt. Malcolm yesterday. When Mrs Lewis left Menzies for Mt Malcolm last week the child was well and strong, so that its demise was •quite unexpected. From London we learn that Messrs Bewick, Moreing. and Co. are pushing along with the Menzies Gold Estates, and plans have been prepared for the equipment of new machinery. The Northam battery, which is now under the management of this firm, has got 40-head of stamps at work. Mr. Gregory Walker, to vonng lady witness in the Sydney Probate Court : "Come now ; didn't your mother forgive her sons before her death ?" Young ad v (after some hesitation) : " Yes ; he forgave them-- as a Christian." Suggestive country telegram in a New South Wales daily paper :—" The -township of Manilla (N.S.W.) has quite a lively appearance owing to the numbers of strangers at present located here. . . The foundations of the police station and lock-up are almost complete." The law against itinerant musicians in Germany is very strict. Bv the law's stern decree not only are the executants supposed to be strictly controlled, but their instruments are to be certified to be in tune—a delightful touch of Teutonic thoroughness. A picturesque diamond wedding was celebrated near Dnnedin recently. The couple were Mr and Mrs Young, who were married in 1838. At noon of the day when the diamond wedding was celebrated, he Rev. Dr. Watt arrived, and the venerable couple renewed their marriage vows in his presence. The best man and bridesmaid were their next door neighbours—Mr and Mrs J. Thomas, aged respectively 73 years and 80 years, who had themselves been married 54 years. The monthly meeting of the Menzies Fire Brigade was held at the station last night. Owing to a number of members of the brigade leaving the district the following new members were proposed to fill their places :—J. Peake. J. Kneal, H. Cohen, A. Hendy, and A. Drummond. It was moved that the secretary write to the Council asking them to place a large tank at the station to catch the rain water. Accounts amounting to £20 9s were passed for payment. The new police stables, which have just been completed, were handed over by the Public Works Department to the Police Department yesterday. The buildings are composed of wood and iron, well ventilated with all the latest modern stabling requirements in the way of fittings, and are substantially put together. They comprise six large horse stalls, a chaff-house, harness-room, and buggy-shed, All the stalls and fittings are built of jarrah, whilst the balance of the timber in the building is karri. At the termination of the business of the Municipal meeting to-night the Mayor (Mr S. 13. Schlam) wiir'hand in his resignation, and take formal leave of tho Council. Afterwards Mr Schlam will entertain the councillors, and over a parting glass several healths will be proposed. The talented Payne Family of Bellringers and musicians announce in another column that they will open a short season of three nights at the Mechanics' Institute on Thursday evening, and will show till Saturday' night. Their programme consists of vocal and instrumental music, solos, quartettes and quintettes, which cannot fail to please tho most critical of audiences. The Family have just returned from an extended tour throughout the continent, and have brought with them the most magnificent sets of hand-bells and sleigh-bells that have ever been seen in the colony. Popular prices of admission have been fixed for the performances, and special opportunities are also given for children to attend. The box plan is now opened at Wach and Co's., Shentonstreet. We have received an intimation from the post office «fficials to the effect that 49 points of rain were registered in their gauge between the hours of 1 a.m. on the 1st inst. to 1 a.m. on the 2nd inst. One of the witty stories in Sir M. E. Grant Dnff's " Notes from a Diary " is told thus :—At a maariage in the family of a wealthy Irish distiller, the ceremony was performed by the Archbishop of Dublin. After the breakfast the distiller thanked the Archbishop very effusively for his share of the proceedings, and said to him, as he took his leave, " The Lord be with you." " And with they spirit," is reported to have been the rejoinder, Thus a London correspondent :—The Spaniards build a good deal on the doctrine of chances, which is said to be the Bible of Fools; they expect that Europe will be dragged into the fray. France is not likely to be attracted that way. although she has much interest in Spanish stocks : Austria can do noth- ing, and although the Kaiser and the American tariff do not get on well together, that does not imply that Germany will risk a broken head for the Peninsula. Mr James A. Gray, wno has just resigned the seat which he held as Postmaster-General in the Cabinet of the United States, because he does not believe in the war, is a representative of Maryland. He was born in Connecticut in 1830, but went to Maryland with his parents at the age of six. For many years he has taken a prominent part in United States politics. For supporting M'Kinlev in 1890 at St. Louis he obtained his reward in the Postmaster-Generalship. He has large cotton mills at Alberton, Maryland, where is is a highly-respected citizen, and gives freely. Sir Salter Pyne supplies still another interpretation of the familiar legend " Made in Germany." He says that the Ameer of Afghanistan recently picked up a knick-nack thus marked, and said. "Your country is degenerating. England has been sending out bad things, and so, to protect themselves, France and Germany and Russia have decided to mark everything that they manufacture." If this topsy-turvy view is at all general, it does a double injustice to the British manufacturer, whose fault is that he does not make these articles cheap and attractive enough. A Paris correspondent writes :—One prom of the coming exhibition has been brought home to the Parisians by the arrival of the axle, weighing 30 tons, from the Schneider factory—the Ivrupp establishment of France—for the " big wheel " to be erected in the Champ de Mars. It will be a competitor with the Eiffel Tower for public support. It bore the journey well across the city at cockcrow, and was drawn on a specially constructed waggon by 30 horses. With ' gard to the works generally, they are apidly exuding from their germinative tage. The foundation work effected, j ere is no difficulty about the superucture ; all will be glass and iron. Not one of the London sporting papers gave Jeddah even a ghost of a chance in the English Derby. His failure in the Two Thousand Guineas led everybody to believe that he would be beaten all the way in the Blue Riband struggle. The representatives of the various clubs and societies who propose taking part in the. Hospital Sunday demonstration are invited to attend a meeting which is to be held this evening at 8 o'clock at the Warden's Court. Mr W. Lambden Oweu will preside. The Government has offered a reward of £50 to any person who will give information which will lead to the recovery of the gold stolen from the gold escort between Lawlers and Cue about a month The death is reported from Loire, of Mdle. Marguerite Cheinin, who was born at Cours in 1784, and had lived at Belmont for 82 years. The old lady, who a spinster, was therefore 114 years old. At the last meeting of the Cabinet it was decided to reduce the prices for town lots in Niagara from £20 to £15, Midline £20 to £10, Callion £20 to £10, Yerilla £20 to £10, and Linden £15 to £10. The work on the Kanowna leads has been greatly interfered with by the recent heavy rain. The dumps are in a terrible condition, and the roads are practically impassable. Sinking has been stopped and work at the windlasses interferred with, but driving has been continued. Although just turned 79, Rosa Bonheur, the great painter of animals, appears as active as ever as far as her work is concerned. She spends about five hours a day perched on a substantial ladder in her studio. The ladder is one from which she has done all her most famous work, from the " Horse Fair" to " Horses Threshing Out the Corn," the latter being, in her estimation, her magnum opus. Rosa Bonheur is one of two French women legally authorised to wear masculine attire. The Coolgardie Mine Managers' Association have taken steps with the object of arranging a conference of the affiliated members of the various Aus- tralasian associations in Coolgardie during the progress of the Exhibition. It is also on the tapis that several representative pressmen from the principal foreign and Australasian papers will be invited, in order that the outside world may obtain an impartial and thoroughly correct estimate of the undoubted stability of the Coolgardie district from a mining investment point of view. All silver as well as plated goods are liable to tarnish, if v.ot used for some time, especially if coal is burned in the house or in the neighbourhood, because the sulphur contained therein blackens the silver. Entire protection from the tarnishing can be had by first slightly warming the silver and then coating it, by means of a fine brush, with collodion strongly thinned with alcohol. This coating dries at once and forms a very thin transparent, as well as invisible, covering, which protects the silver completely, and may be removed, if necessary, with hot water. In the English stores this method lias been employed for a long time to save the silver ware in the show windows from tarnishing. In pursuance of the policy of retrenchment decided upon by the Government at the beginning of the present month a number of Civil servants at Coolgardie received notice that after the expiration of a month their services would not further be required. Between 20 and 30 officers are affected, including 13 in the water supply and architectural branches of the Public Works Department, a few in the Post and Telegraph Office, the remainder being distributed amongst other Government departments in Coolgardie. Several officers holding responsible positions are included in the batch. A further communication was received by those given warning, informing them that the notice would not take effect, until the middle of July. It is considered probable that in some cases the notices will be cancelled if the Government obtain the sanction of Parliament for some fresh public works. If, however, the House reduces the vote the Government will have no option but to inforce the retrenchment. The Payne Family of Bellringers will open a short season to-night at the Mechanics' Institute, and will continue playing until Saturday evening. An excellent programme has been arranged, and bumper housse should be the result, judging by the popularity which th'ey have gained at other goldfields towns that have been visited. Popular prices for admission are being charged, so that everyone will be able to partake of the treat which is so seldom offered in Menzies. The box plan is now open at Wach and Co.'s, Shenton-street. A novelty in permanent-way practice was introduced on the Pennsylvania railroad a few months ago (writes a correspondent of the London Times), and has already been copied elsewhere. Everyone knows what a nuisance to passengers is the dust rising in dry weather from sand or gravel ballast. But broken granite ballast, though free from dust, costs something like £1,000 a mile, as against £300 for ordinary local gravel. On the Pennsylvania road they have taken to watering the gravel with refuse petroleum, which can be bought for Id. per gallon. The petroleum is sprayed by the help of jets of compressed air, the total cost of the operation being under £10 per mile. The smell wears off in a few days, but the effect in preventing dust has been proved to -last for months. Here is a remarkable programme published lately on behalf of a Mexican church :—" At the last raffle for souls the following numbers obtained the prize, and the lucky holders may be assured that their loved ones are foreover released from the flames of Purgatory:— Ticket 841 : The soul of the lawyer, James Vasquey, is released from Purgatory, and ushered into heavenly joys. Ticket 41 : The soul of Madame Calderon is made happy forever. Ticket 12 : The soul of the aged widow, Francisca de Parras, is forever released from the flames of Purgatory. Another raffle for souls will be held at this same blessed Church of the Redeemer on January 1, at which four bleeding and tortured souls will be released from Purgatory to Heaven, according to the four highest tickets in this most holy lottery. Tickets, one dollar. To be obtained from the Father in charge. Will you, for the poor sum of one dollar, leave your loved ones to burn in Purgatory for ages ?" The King of Spain, Alphonso XIII., is 12 years of age. It is said that he is already a fluent speaker in three languages besides his own—English, French, and German. He has been well tutored also by military and Naval oftiicers, and he has already indicated a passion for soldiering, no doubt the result of heaeditary aptitude as well as association with army tutors. His chief recreation is riding and driving. He is a fair complexioned lad with high forehead, arched eyebrows, large eyes, vivacious expression, slim figure, medium height, and erect bearing. He is high spirited, but amenable to the maternal authority, and kindly disposed to his instructors and attendants. As may be inferred from his progress in linguistic attainments, he is quick in apprehension, and is possessed of a retentive memory. Cuba, a name he will never forget, has been familiar to him from his earliest days. The military spectacles most frequently witnessed by him have been provided by the troops marching off for the voyage to Havana, and the service which two of his cousins the sons of Count Caserta, have seen in Cuba must often have been the subject of conversation between the little King and their younger brother one of his few playmates. The King stood by the side of his mother, the Queen Regent, at the recent opening of the Cortes, and lie iiacl a reception of extraordinary fervor and enthusiasm, while his mother made the speech to the legislators, in which she said :—" I seek to strengthen my mother's heart with the confident belief that the Spanish people will display a force which nothing can shake unti the time when it will be given to my son to defend in person the honor of the nation and integrity of its territory."—London Daily News. 