LIES AND OTHER FACTS. Bf Bungarra. The secret dossier ia connection w the Dreyfus case is by no manner means the only State document tl has left its guarded file and found way into hands never designed to ceive it. The "Sunday Times" was a few di ago the recipient of a> gnuall scrap paper the information, on the face which, bears the relative - value to intrinsic worth that^a thousand pou Bank of England note does to the lin pulp of which it is made. It con from Russia, where this paper has large and rapidly increasing circulât! c and throws a flood of bright dayiig upon diplomacy as practised at i Petersburgh, being in fact a series letters on the peace proposals whi lately emanated from, the Great Whi Czar, and the motives which evident guided their formation. The first letter is from the Treasur of the Empire to his King, and runs ; follows: To His Highly Mightiness Nicholas ( that ilk), Czar of aU the liussias, J.I K.C.M.G., King of Poland, P.C., Bo of Siberia, Great Caesar's Ghost, aa General Pooh-Bah under thc Ahnqglri (on the Greek basis) of all the Earth. Greeting. . Dear old Nick, Titles on top as per usual, in cac your clerk or lady typewriter- open the* presents before you get down to brea! fast. Say, oki man, the Treasury ; about busted, n¿ funds available, an though I turned out the national pocki and éearched the lining carefully, could not find the price of a glass c vodkL Something must be dom England is splashing it up on men-oi war like a kid in a loüy-shop with fiv shillings. Billy the Most of German; has just bought a million rifles for us on the frontier. Austria is buying gun powder, and France is mopping up bij guns. I called tenders yesterday io a, complete navy up to the British stand ard, the lowest or any tender hot neces sarily accepted, of course; and the new has been cabled round the world. Can' you suggest something. We have tw< hundred thousand men armed with carv ing knives and cleavers,- fifty thousanc without boots and having only gunny sack pants and the pants are mostlj punctured, and in the most- conspicuouf part at that. I captured three . Jewi last week, got them in prison, applied the torture of roast pork, but could not make them disgorge. Then I tried the stomach pump, and -after two hours: work I brought up six and eightpence from one, several pawn tickets and a fire insurance policy from another, and yes- terday morning's breakfast from the third These assets have been placed to the credit of the National Defence Fund, but don't look much to equip an army corps" on. Act quick, write sharp, keep your tail up, and remember your faithful servant. GL-ASOWHIS KI, . Minister for War. Here at last we have the mainsprii cf a gigantic international question e posed to the public gaze, a question th has set the greatest minds in Euro] and the New World, the philosophe of all countries, magazine editors az cable liars, the man in Parliament ai the man in the street aglow with tl enthusiasm brought by/the dawn of new era when the lion and the lani shall sit down together, when the Mi lenium of Peace shall witness the Bi tisher seated with his'French broth« eating periwinkles with a sharpens match out of the shell in an internatiom restaurant, when Armenian and Tur eat the Christian sacrament and prait Mahommed in a single breath, whe Prussian and Frenchmen swill lager an howl the MarseUaise between drink the Italian and his Scotch pal eat mi caroni an haggis, and the Spanish do wolfs hot buckwheat cakes in a Nei York restauant, and asks the waite through his nose pleadingly for more ic 'in his hot coffee. The next letter disclosed in the teere ^"?bordereau" is a reply to the abov from the Czar, and leads us still furthe along the lately lightened path when prevously all was bald conjecture am bare surmise. Its purports follow : - " Dear old Glasowhieki, Yours to hand. Bad head. Braii clear, however. Hot times last night Don't worry. Chamberlain, sees every thing through an English eye glass whoa horizon is bounded by its own vast im- portance. France all right, army and eivi jiower busy watching each other. Will of Germany buying up chunks of Pale- stine. Spain badly punctured, frants new wheels, frame and handles. Turkey pretty well plucked. China going to pot. America crowing Yankee Doodle on the Havanna muck-heap. France fooled over our.alliance, and Italy bank- rupt. Our Treasury wants a rest, that is all. Ah, ha! I have a scheme! We will call for universal peace and dis- armament. Do yon tumble, old sos. Howl for peace old man, call a confer- ence, offer to give up our paper army, our cannon (see "Gazette") our claims on China (see cable fiends) and while I pose as a little tin Prince of Peace on nickel wheels, you 'borrow all you can and splosh it buying up the discarded engines of war in a falling, market. Saveyf Write to Salisbury and Presi- dent McKinley at once, with Senor Angostura and Capri vi. - Heap diplo- matic dust in their blithering eyes, and with the help of the Lord and some soft sawder we shall gain time to restore our busted credit and accumulate an assortment of death-dealing implements' that may be needed to persuade the j Tsung-li-Yamen in Pekin, or to shake np j perfidious Albion in the neighborhood of Cabul. Bleep a stiff lower lip. never appear in public with your mouth open : ever remember that hiiigaage was made to disguise thought, and keep a warm spot in TOUT heart for your friend. MCE, % . ; £* craferau» alluded to ahorehas been called, the criticism of the Press throughout the world has been pro- voked, big guns in pulpits, thinkers ii books, and ¿hose who influence public thought from the rostrum of the lecture hali nave taken up the cry of the mille nium. "Peace on earth, goodwill re- wards men" in place of the old maxim. "Pieces of the earth, big butchers' bilh for slaughtered men." " The ghost of Agamemnon stalks ab- road in horror^ risen from the hails d Priam ; Alexander the Great turns In his grave, Titus and Caesar rattle their withered bones in derision ; Napoleon Bonaparte struggles in protest under the mass of melted cannon that holds down his square-knit frame j Wellingiiri's beak stand out in scorn, and a hollow laugh of derision echoes over the ceno- taph of the Iron Chancellor Bismarck, as they hear the doctrne of smug hypo- crisy promulgated. Meanwhile, the great War Minister, dasowiski, and. his pat- ron Nicholas sit and sniff with a finger extended upward and along their aristo- cratic and royal noses, respec- tively. Fat old Salisbury, by instinct a chemist, by accident a statesman; Chamberlain shrewd and narrow, prim and incise as the screws he manufactures; M'Kinley great with labor, of -a new found international policy ; Monsieur Quelquechose, who- ever happens to be the popular idol of the half-hour in Paris, blown np like a Gallic frog with the wind of ephemeral enthusiasm de more gallica ; William of Germany, sleeping partner in the blessed Trinity, "me and God, don't you know;" Sagasta, of -Spajn, haughty in the pride of a grandeur two centuries faded, in- tolerant as a nobleman perforce turned bootblack, and stung in the bosom of his vanity by the conviction of national defeat ; Humbert in his nobility of mind; the head of the Hapsburgs in the stricken misery of a too recent grief ; all listen with eager ears, and, swallow- ing the tempting morsel on the book, allow themselves to be caught by the bait. The third letter of the dossier fol- lows on Thursday: - To the Great White" Czar, J. P., Pro- tector of Aborigines, Cream of Tartar, .etc, etc (your titles make me tired). Dear Nick, Shake old man, Hooked 'em be gob, likewise begorra, as your Irish parlor- maid says, 'the one with the black eyes and trim anklea Like ssh on a string, flapping their stranded tails and gaping with their waterless gills. Play the game for all it is worth, Nick. Al- ready our consols have risen one and an eighth. Fifty-four Jews from Odessa of- fered me millions at interest. I have them all in gaol already on various charges, and reckon the rate of interest will be considerably lower before I let them out. Their voluntary offer was seven per cent.. After forty-four charges had been issued by the police, the in ! terest became six per cent. Forty-four ! arreets lowered it to five. Eorty-four interviews by myself in -person to as many cells, elicited forty-four offers, all voluntary of course, of "Do it- for four, Prince, between ourselves." I was in- dignant at the attempted bribe, and will make it three before to-morrow's sun leaves the frost a free hand through! those forty-four fireless cells. I always play a straight game. The offer must come from them. I never countenance bribery. Will advise you later. Yours without a shudder," GLASOWHISBX P.S.-Later. Forty-four Jews releas- ed to-day. Rate .of interest two per cent. National defence fund swelling visibly. G. The reply of the Emperor will never be known. It commences with "My Dear Prince,'' goes, on to acknowledge the receipt of that worthy subject's letter, thanks him for his tact and judgment, commends his action, and-is torn right across just vere it gets most interesting. The document is now lying in the office of the '.Sunday Times" in the place least liable to be disturbed by burglars, the cash-box. Once when the office was broken into the editor's hat was carried off, the window frame being taken out to allow of its passage ; the manager's pair .of glasses (toughened) were ab- stracted, and the office boy's sweep tickets disappeared, but the burglars had rifled a newspaper office before, and they left the cash-bjr-s. severely alone. Visitors, after passin^ssuixessfully the ordeal of the front office, and proving their respectability, clean linen, sox and ! character, etc., may pass on to the se- cond phase of Dante's inferno, the ordeal; of the dog, whose teeth have been filed for purposes of internal defence, and in j whose kennel lie relics in the shape of j numerous bosoms from numerous pants; grabbed froni all and sundry, the office j nuisances. Then the facilis deeensos toi the Avernus where Megara sits enshrined j commences, the stinctum stinc^orum of the editor, whose viperous lootts turn profane gazers into Aberdeen granite. Then, after safely surmounting these ordeals,^ the palladium of the shrine, the mystic cash-box, is reached, in whose recesses lies the document we have been discussing. Owing to this being a Sun- day sheet there will be a silver collec- tion at the door. Mine host Giles, of the United Service, is the treasurer thereof. Come and see us. Come carly, come often. Btehe-bye, wasn't Sir John Falstaff, ! as well as Sir John Forrest, very fond ' of "sack?" ; A weekly contemporary says:--"We have desisted front reproducing in our columns a picture relating to the àbove (the Mount Magnet- tragedy) which has been in our possession for some days, but from its horrible and gruesome nature is totally unfit- for publication by auy journal that wishes to mainfeyn the esteem and goodwill of its readers. Such, a picture is only suitable to the coLiunns of those "wretched, low, and scurrilous penny^a-liners the pictures of which pander to the taste of the pruri- ent and Ion-minded canaula We shall be glad to show the photo to any reader who -wishes after this to- inspect, it." What a compliment toj&eir; readers! 