CHAPTEnS OF '98. The United Irishmen. • ORIGIN OF THE SOCIETY. By Db. E. &. Madden. To trace the principles of the Society of United Irishmen to their origin it is ne cessary to carry the reader-back to the circumstances connected "with the founda tion of the Volunteer Association. In the commencement of the reign of George III. the political situation of Ireland was un paralleled in the history of the civilized world; everything was anomalous - in her condition. . She belonged to England—and was yet BuppoBed to be an. independent nation. She had a Parliament, and there fore it might be presumed .'legislative power. That Parliament, however, was a theatre of automaton performers, with an English Minister behind the scenes, who pulled the wires as he willed the figures to move. She had judges who claimed free dom from control, but who were dependent on the Crown. Her trade was impeded by prohibitory statutes, which utterly sacri ficed her interests to the aggrandisement of England. She owed allegiance to a King who owed his Crown to a revolution pro fessedly risked in defence of civil and religious liberty, and whose Boman Catho lic subjects were nevertheless subjected to tbe most rigorous penal laws by reason of their faith. Of her soil five-sixths, were, as the result of successive general Anglican confiscations of the property of the natives of the country, given into the possession of the Protestant inhabitants, who hardly amounted to one-tenth of the whole popu lation. To that minority was handed over THE EXCLUSIVE GOVERNMENT AND LEGI8LA TXON OF THE COUNTRY, and of every office of emolument or honor in the State, whilst the Catholic nine tenths of the Irish people were debarred not only from all public offices, but also from the possession of real property, as well as from university and other educa tion. They could not endow any school or college, and had no Bhare in the elective franchise, and could not contract marriage with Protestants without subjecting the priest who solemnised such marriage to the penalty of death, if discovered. Moreover, they were liable to have their houBeis searched for arms at every hour of the day or night, were charged to attend the services of the Established Church on a penalty for every time of absence. A Catholic father was liable to have his pro perty t'oifeited to his child of any age who on conforming to the Protestant faith might file a bill against his parent ancl oompel him to give an account of his property for that child's use and benefit. Such was the state of Ireland down to the year 1777, when the revolt commencing in the Ameri can Colonies, the " Voice which from the New World," as Flood said," shouted for liberty," as well as the attitude of France, bo alarmed the English Government as to induce, a year later, some PARTIAL RELAXATION IN THE PENAL LAWS. The wisdom of that courae had its reward in the abstention of the C&thoiio; body from any active manifestation of sympathy with the revolted colonies. It was far different with the Presbyterians of the North, where on the first alarm of an invasion, and Ireland being then destitute of troops, the Volunteers suddenly sprung into existence, and avowedly took the defence of the country into their own hands. Self-officered, self-armed, and self directed, this armed association . rapidly spread throughout Ireland, its numbers at one time amounting to 142,000 men, and in the presence of a feeble Government, dictated what terms it pleased. Their first demands were made somewhat in the spirit of the Spanish beggar's suppli cation. Their artillery corps appeared on parade in Dublin with cannon, which bore the inscription— "free TRADE OB SPEEDY REVOLUTION." , Their importunity increased with their strength, and at length they demanded from England the independence of their country, which England was not then in a position to refuse. Here was an army, self raised in a country hitherto treated as a conquered one, which was only to be governed through the weakness of a divided people. Whereas the essential strength of the Volunteer Association was the union of Catholic, Protectant, and Presbyterian—of Irishmen, In short, of every denomination- The reader ,need not look further for the origin of the United Irishmen, whose association naturally eprimg—oot—of—the--former-tody—when— shortly afterwards , it .departed from its original principles andlaid .down its arms. It may safely beassertec^that it was some thing mom than loyalty alpne, and ^some thing more than the fear*o£.iuvasion at al^, that animated Ireland and arrayed its spirit in-the- Volunteer Associations. It was the latent and <imperishable spirit of freedom, awoke by the voice from America shouting " Liberty 1";across.; the Atlantic, Andechoed a little later from the south of Europe, when the first dawn of the revolu tion in France was beginning to dazzle the eyes of this Jong benighted country. It was the wrongs of Ireland which aroused ITS FEARS OF FRENCH INVASION. It was the robbery of its legislative rights that caused its people to demonstrate their loyalty at the head of an army over which His Majesty's Government had no control; and it was to make a signal demonstration of their effective force that they called together their National Conventions at Dung&nnon; and Dublin, on the former of which they resolved on that celebrated declaration of their rights, which alas, however, only procured for Ireland the transitory—the illusory—independence of her Parliament in 1782. In-order to understand the circumstances under which this -was accomplished by the Volunteers, it should be borne in mind that Foynings' Act in the reign of Henry VII. had left Ireland only the shadow of a Parliament. Several ActB in the time of Cromwell, Charles II., and William III. went further than the. former; but it was not until the 6th of George I. that the usurped power of the English Parliament was embodied in a statute which claimed the right of binding Ireland by its laws without the sanction of the Irish Parlia ment. England was then strong, and Ireland weak. But fire-and-twenty years had not passed before ENGLAND BECAME WEAK AND IRELAND 8TRONG. America was revolutionised, and on the point of separation from the mother country. France had declared war against England. The Volunteers had sprung into existence, and the young giant of Irish nationality had made the first trials of its strength in favor of its commerce and of its Parliament, with 90,000 men under arms ready to assert their rights. In April, 1782, the nation had willed its freedom in the amended address to the throne, which was unanimously adopted, setting forth— "That the kingdom of Ireland was a distinct kingdom with a Parliament of her own, under the sole legislature thereof; that there was no body of men competent to make laws to bind the nation but the King, Lords, and Commons of Ireland; nor any Parliament which took any authority of any sort whatever in this country, save only its Parliament, and to assure His Majesty that they (the Commoners) humbly conceived that iu this right the very essence of their liberty existed—a right which they on the part of all the people of Ireland do claim as their birth right, and which they could not yield but with their lives." The claims thus formu lated by the Irish Parliament were founded on the declarations of the Volunteer Con ventions at Dungannon on the 16th of February, 1782, and at Dublin a month later. Moreover, they were supported, as already stated, by A vast citizen army, whose numbers at one period a little later reached close on 150,000 men. These claims were addressed to a Government which, in 1782, was incapable of putting any effective force in the field in Ireland to resist those demands. Hence they were conceded within little more, than a month from the date of the addreBs to the Crown that has been just cited. On the 27th of May, 1782, the Viceroy (the Duke of Port land) deliveied a speech from the throne, in which he said:—" It was with the utmost satisfaction he found himself enabled by the magnanimity of the King and the wisdom of Great Britain to assure the House that immediate attention had been paid to their representations, and that the British Legislature had concurred in a resolution to remove the cause of their dis contents and jealousies, and were united in a desire to gratify every wish expressed in their late addresB to the throne." The first object proclaimed by the United Irishmen nine years later ■— by that body whose principles it was considered treasonable to the " loyal Volunteers" to confound with theirs—was to promote UNION AMONGST IRISHMEN OF ALL RELI~ GI0U8 DESCRIPTIONS. ThiB very principle, however, and even the words in which it was couched/ the United Irishmen borrowed from the Volunteers. At the meeting of the Dungannon.Conven tjoD, 8th September, 1782, Colonel Bobert Stewart having been called to the chair, a communication was read from the 1st regi ment of the Irish Brigade, which con cluded with these words:— "At this great crisis, when the Western world, while laying the foundation of a rising empire, temptingly holds put a system of equal liberty to mankind, and waits with open arms to receive the emi grants from Burrounding nations, we. think it a duty we owe to our country to promote as far as our example can reach an affectionate conciliation of tbe inhabitants of Ireland. Animated by this sentiment, and convinced that national unanimity is national strength, this regiment affords a striking instance how far the divine spirit of toleration,oan unite men (/all rehgioue des criptions inone greedotgect,, . TKS SUPPORT OFA FREE CONSTITUTION." The idea ofgeneial union iB said to have origlnatedwith Theobald Wolfe Tonej the merit or demerit of its origin evidently belonged to the Volunteers, whom the King himself and Parliament, session after session, thanked for their devoted loyalty. When this meeting took place in Dungan non, where only 18,000 Volunteers were represented, and at which the Irish people were told that the Western world was temptingly holding out a system of equal liberty to mankind, to profit by which it was necessary to unite men in Ireland of all religious persuasions for one common object. Tone was a loyal subject, whilst Colonel Robert Stewart was the chairman of a meeting at which sedition was pretty. plainly indicated in the example held forth of the successful struggle for American independence. But in the course of the extraordinary events of this world a few years later the same Tone was sentenced to be hanged for attempting to carry out the project implied in the example so temptingly held forth by " uniting men of all religions descriptions;" and Colonel Robert. Stewart, who sanctioned with his presence the sedition of the" sword in hand deliberators on reform," became (as Lord Castlereagh) THE FOREMOST MAN IN THOSE COUNCILS which consigned the United Irishmen to the gallows. In the Volunteer Association were then combined, for the first time in Ireland for a common cause, men of the most hetero geneous and opposite opinions and classes, such as Lord Charlemont, their general issimo, an amiable and courteous Whig nobleman, not over-endowed with the courage of his convictions; The Hon. Robert Stewart, - the subsequent rabid Orange partisan by whom the Volunteer Association was suppressed; Napper Tandy and M'Cracken, the republican president of the later Society of United Irishmen. But the Volunteers declined, and the deca dence of their association was hardly less rapid than had been the growth by which it attained the maturity of itB power. Their councils became divided, and their great ardor for independence, reform, and toleration gradually subsided. Still, for some years, they lingered on in military array, occasionally exhibiting on a parade day their diminishing strength, until in 1793 the Government proclaimed the in tention of dispersing by military force every further assemblage of that body. Then, with one vain protest in Antrim, this great body of citizen soldiers TAMELY SUBMITTED TO ITS DESTINY AND GAVE UP THE GHOST. Bat its original principles were not then doomed to perish. They rose from the asheB of the Volunteer Association, and their reproduction was but a short transit tion from langour and hopelessness to activity and enthusiasm, with a perilous excess of energy in both. The doctrines that had animated the Volunteers from ,their commencement in 1777, and which had been apparently crowned with success in 1782, after the decadence of that body became those of the' United Irishmen of 1781\. The principles in support of. which the latter society was founded in 1781, and to which they devoted their energies (until when, at a subsequent period, unhappily for their country and themselves, they were driven from open reform into secret com bination and active resistance to the legalised forces of aggression) were almost identical to thoBe enumerated in the last public pronouncement of the Volunteer Association. Three doctrines were then explicitly stated in the original declaration of the United Irishmen as their objects, viz. —" A complete and radical reform of the representation of the people in Parliament," " A cordial union ot all the people of Ireland," and thirdly, *'That no reform is just which doeB not include IBIBHMEN OF EVERY RELIGIOUS PERSUASION." In the ppgecheB and . writings through which' these views were promulgated by Toneiandmthers o^the'first lcaderS of the Uniipd^Iriehmen a distinct tinge of repnb licah 7 tendencies was not unfrequently judgttgof such iwono^oements and acts. totjUfflto some wESoiuit^e surrounding sphere by 'which at that time those men were environed. Moreover, it should also perhaps be remembered that very similar views as those of the earlier United Irish men were advocated, to the extreme of democratic doctrine, by Mr. Pitt himself, and by the moderate and good Lord Char lemont, whose loyalty had never been impugned, and also by Flood and Grattan, whose prudence at least would have pre served themselves from the consequence of actual sedition. 