ROUND-ABOUT NOTES. By "The Casual."1 The other dinner-time a country friend of mine inquired if there was a wild- beast show in town. I was at first puzzled by his query, but on goitig out into the street I easily per ceived the force of his question. From a certain corner of the main thorough fare, there proceeded a series of un earthly yells, which, to say the least, would prove very disconcerting to a stranger. The cries and noises were pitched in all manner of keys, and above all rose a continuous shriek for all the world like the cry of a laugh ing hyena. My friend stood aghast, liis face blanched, and I could easily see he bad it in his mind to clear out of town as fast as he could. The noise meanwhile had increased and it really appeared as if the contents of a menagerie had got mixed up some what and the animals were extermin ating one another after the fashion of the legendary Kilkenny cats. And above it all could be heard the racuous cry of the young man with the voice of a, laughing hyena. My friend at last, . through his surprise, managed to ejaculate, " Great Caesar's ghost, what is it all about, Casual ? " My reply was, " Oh, that's nothing ; we are so used to that row that it does not even disturb us now. It is only the em ployees of the coachbuilder at the corner quietly amusing themselves during their dinner hour." My friend murmured something about " Tarban Creek," and went sadly away and bought his little boy a toy drum and a big brass trumpet to keep him quiet during the holidays. 0 00 o The following story is told of a certain member of Parliament for a country constituency. At a certain meeting at which he was to speak the only attendants were himself and a tall, bony farmer. The member had some resolutions to pass, which he wanted to appear in the press, and he began by representing that they were presented to a large and respectable gathering of \ voters. r "JEold on!" said the farmer, " we can't pass that, ! for its not true. There's not a large and respectable gathering; there's only two of us." " Oh ! it's all right," said the member, " you are large and I am respectable. You keep quiet." The resolutions were passed, and duly appeared in print." , < > Y A liighly respectable Indian gentle man, 1 a member of the Bombay Anthropological Society lias come forward with an authenticated story of a girl who has been discovered in the den of a bear at Jaipaiguri. The young person's habits were decidedly bearish, for she tried to bite and scratch those who came near her, went down on all-fours for locomotion, and growled at meals. The orphanage of the New Dispensation Church, in Calcutta, could make nothing of the ferocious foundling, who has consequently been removed to Bas Aram, a refuge founded and supported by Brahmin gentlemen in that city. . Nor is this all. A Bhagal Zemindar has captured in the jungle a wild boy, whose only ap proach to speech is the utterance of chattering sounds like that of a mon key. Colonel Sleeman and the Rev. Mr. Lewis, of the Secundra Church Mission, has vouched for similar stories. They are of the opinion that when, as it sometimes happens, an infant is abandoned in the bush, there is nothing absurd in the idea that it might be adopted by a female wild animal that had lost her young. 0 0 o A lady at Queensland who had successfully run a grog shanty for about two years was captured at last and brought into town on a spring cart, accompanied by all her confiscated liquor. The case was tried before two local squatters to whom the priestess of Pacchus had been like 4 Spain's dark gla/ncing daughter — angelically kind.' The bench sternly observed that justice must he done though the heavens fell ; also that sly grog >selling was assuming gigantic proportions and must be stamped out with a strong foot. To emphasise the Rhadamanthine severity of their in tention the Bench fined the lady two dozen of beer and acquitted her without any extra strain on her character. . # The North Coast Beacon thus com ments on a valuable tip, given to those who imbibe not wisely but too well : — The Sunday Times is up to date in most respects. In the last issue it shows how the Xmas roisterer may drink without getting drunk and thus avoid the inevitable curtain lecture on his return home in the small hours. The secret is olive oil. One wine-glass before the fun begins, and, if possible, another later on, and you will keep your wit and legs throughout the dampest evening. I suppose one or two things happens. Either the oil coats the stomach and keeps the alcohol from being absorbed by the system, or it floats on top and keeps the fumes from rising to the brain. But you will have to ask the medicine man about all that. All that 1 know is its practical result, and that has enabled the Yankee doodles to go home cheerful and clear headed many an evening when our foreign cousins were speechless. The Beacon has known Scotchmen to use butter with the same effeot. An American journal has published what purports to be extracts from Mark Twain's new book, which is to be issued early in 1898. This is what the genial humorist is alleged to have written about Sydney Harbor : — " We entered and cast anchor," he says, " and in the morning went oh-ing and ah-ing in admiration up through the crooks and turns of the spacious and beautiful harbor — a harbor which is the darling of Sydney and the wonder of the world. It is not sur prising that the people are proud of it, nor that they put their enthusiasm into eloquent words. A returning citizen asked me what I thought of it, and I testified with a cordiality which I judged would be up to the market rate. I said it was beautiful — sup erbly beautiful. Then by a natural impulse I gave God the praise. The citizen did not seem altogether satis fied. He said : ' It is beautiful, of course it's beautiful — the harbor ; but that isn't all of it ; it's only half of it. Sydney's the other half, and it takes both of them together to ring the supremacy bell. , God made the har bor, and tbat-s all right ; but Satan made Sydney.' Of course I made an apology. ; and asked him to -convey it to his friend.. He, was, right about Sydney being half.of it.'! o ' O' « : ' 0 A deputation of ladies once waited upon Sir Henry Parkes, but before business was proceeded with lie dis cussed their charming millinery in his own inimitable style, and Sir Henry could describe a dress or bonnet with exquisite art and accuracy. At a Ladies' College the other day Mr. Reid referred to the fact that " the overwhelming powers of the milliners are demonstrated in these marvellous confections of beauty I see before me, the arrangement of which is myster ious and the effect so indescribable that I may say I like nothing better than these hats, except the ladies who wear them." Very neat, wasn't it ? 