Town Talk. ThnT the Emperor of China is not dead hut weary, and was still alive when the lost news came to hand from the Flowery Land. That that fact is, however, not much to go upon, because the tenure of life in Chine, just now, is not of an allodial character; it seems to be held on an in capite basis, per favour of the Empress. That, if that lady decides that the existence of the Emperor is undesirable, she will act upon that decision, and --Confucus is great! That a few days ago Chataway announced in Ipswich that he intended bringing in a measure to help farmers to cope with marsupial pests. That he was not long in redeeming the pro mioe then made, for the bill was read a first time in the Legislative Assembly last week. That it has not yet been dealt with by the House, and no one knows the exact form it will have assumed when it is sent up for royal assent; but the ?Iinister deserves credit for not keeping the thing dangling before the farmers till the close of the session and then cutting its throat. That that dodge does not pay in the long run; and it is to he hoped that the Govern. meet will hurry np with all urgent legislation (including the noxious weeds trouble). That the latter is a burning question, and some determinative action is eagerly awaited. That the prenent condition of the defence force seems to be another burning question in come quarters; and, if everything that is said about it is true, there appears to be some ground for an investigation into the matter. That, like the Ipswich waterworks, it is reported that there is a ghost in connection with it. That, with regard to the said waterworks, some people think that the recording apparatus will catch the local ghost before long. That at least one alderman asserts that he has had a glimpse of the spectre, and is now in hot pursuit. That, with respect to the matter, the services of a well-known Parliamentavy authority on soda and water-bags might be enlisted with satisfactory results. That, any way, a leakage of about 50 per cent. in our water supply should be the subject of searching inquiry by our City Fathers. That the hot weather in now on us, and any thing that affects the water snpply is a very important matter to householders. That it would be very interesting to know whether the water-meters fixed up all over the town have also recorded the leakage, or, with a patriotic regard for the municipal finances, have insisted upon recording the quantity that the consumers o .eqt to have used. That the rifle association meeting in NTew South Wales has been the means of putting a few quid into the pockets of some of the Queensiand saootists. That, in addition, our men have now had the honour of winning, on four consecutive occa eions, the match for the M'Gregor Challenge Cup. That the strain on Corporal Winterford, when it depended upon his last shot whether Queensland or New South Wales was to be victorious, must have been eceedingly great, and it would not have been matter for surprise, under such conditions, if he had missed alto gether. That he won by only one point, but it was a vital point in the argument. That some very fair aggregate scores were made, or completed, at cricket matches in thin town and district last Saturday. That the Limestones put up l0l; the Federals, 129 ; the WVhitwoodo. 122 ; the Aber. dare, 112; and the Alberto, 160 (for only three wickets). That, if this average is kept up throughout the season, some of the scoring-books will have to be enlarged. That Kerr's grievance melts into the thinnest of thin air now that the "Barcon Independent" has got on to it. That if that journal's version of the matter in the correct one fand there can be no reasonable doeubt on that point) then Kerr is--[hiatus to he filled up according to taste]. That the operetta "Bold Bobin and the Babes,' as performed in the School of Arts on Tuesday evening last, was simply and abso lutely "all right." That from the rising of the curtain to the going down of the same the youthful pertor mere kept their ' hoult" on the audience. That Miss Kaye immnrtalised herself when ehe " bothered the men," and evidently pose neases considerable histrionic talent. That the patrons of the entertainment woold have no objection to witnessing the operatta again. That a Blue-book and a Yellow-book have lately been engaged in mortal combat, and leaves and covers have been flying in all direc tions. That the Blue.book, however, came out on top, and, though a bit knocked about, is now nitting on the chest of the Yellowbook, which s feebly ejaculating "Perfidious Albion !" That what the Bluebousk has done to the Tellow-bouk, the Itritish navy is quite prepared to do to the French navy-only more no. That the difference between Great Britain end France, just now, is that the former is one man in union and the lattr ois about 38,000,000 in disunion. That if France really wants gore, by all means let her come on f-- that is, if she wants to part with a few more millions as war indem nity, besides having to create a new navy, re build Faric, and effect a large number of minor cepairs. That the federal spirit is very much in enid rnce in New South Wales--at least, as repreo nented by its Government. That the latter have done their best to pre. vent our cattle from entering the territory of the mother colony ; they have a" derry" en some of our fruit; and now they have taken out an injunction against eur meat also. That long before they may go the whole tick, and keep out not only Queenslaod pro ducts bet Quensolanders, too-eunless they have well greoaed themselves with tallow before erossinfl'ne border or before entering "oru beautifua uarbour." That, oh, yes ! the fc?'ral spirit is growing 2 That on Saturday .,Xght last, the Warregs election seemed te ,. all over but the shout ing." That " L-r.s-s -e -her sight" on Monday night, for no,-,! I, .p inch by inch, or rather vote :- . ... eventually won by a short head. That it' ?omewhat noteworthy that Listowol:'Dowss, which was one of the only two place' where Labour Breen got a majority of the votes in 'D9i, went straight against Labour this time, the "patriot" not getting a solitary 'sbte. That Glassey or Leahy (whichever is the "asader of the party) should have moved the ":ournment of the House on Tuesday, and , .sted a day, in order to draw attention to " a .erious miscarriage of justice" in that Hood got to the top of the poll instead of Bowman. That such an outrage as-this could never happen in any properly Labour-ridden com munity, and even now the matter ought to be investigated by- say, a ltoyal Commission, with foisan as chairmon. That-here was a chance lost ! That Morgan was marched up to the Speaker, on Tuesday, by trwo members, which, as every body knows, was a gross breach of the standing orders. Thst if there is one thing in-this world that Labour members hold to be more sacred than another-even more so than the "plebiskyte" \--it is the mode of Parliamentary procedure known as the standing orders. That, though it is scarcely credible, it is a fact that not a single member of the party raised his voice when it was discovered that Morgan had two introducers instead of only one \--another opportunity of discrediting the Governmenmt wantonly thrown away ! That, then, there was that unwarrantable interference with the judicial functions of Sir S. W. Griffith, which might have been utiliscdd as a stalking horse. That the "saviours of the country" could have got up and howled for another day about the Goveroment's brutal interference with the course of justice, ec., tc., and the speakers could have wound up by clearly proving that the pricesess birthright of the people was in danger, that the Ministry should resign at once, that Labour law ehould be proclaimed, and so on. That nary a thing was done in this direction -what on earth is MI'Doeald (or Leahy) think. ing about ?-three splendid chances chucked away in'two days ! That on Wednesday, however, the party woke up, and obstructed business under cover of a motion for adjournment to consider the size of arena thrown open to selection as grazing farms. That this is a somewhat new style of stone walling, and Glassey (or Leahy) deserves much credit for its invention. That Daniels was so often assured (by hib mates) that the country "owed a debt of grati tude to him" that it seems only fair that the country should reward him for his services at a time when the fate of the said country irem bled in the balance--although the country didn't know it. That perhaps the most suitable form of acknowledgment would be the presentation to him of another grazting farm, and the naming of some street in New Guinea after him. That a stirring incident took place in town the other night, when a constable endeavoured to arrest a disorderly person. That the disorderly one gave the peace-pro tector a bad fall, and then lit out for the country. Than the man in blue, in spite of the shock he got, very pluckily weat in pursuit, but the offender had too much dash of foot, and escaped the clutches of the law. That the "Town Talk" man is assured that the straying cattle industry is in a flourishing condition in Ipswich at the preseat time. That it Is stated that a goodly number of "strangers" are among the nocturnal ramblers. That if the officer whose duty it is to attend to the matter were to " take them in," citizens would be delighted to hear of his action. That Mr. Acting-Justice Paul has not a high opinion of lawyers as witnesses in Court eases. That he said, at the sittings of the District Court on Wednesday, that lawyers were in variably the worst witnesses who got into the box to give evidence. That this remark was prompted by the volubility of a budding " limb of the law." That barrister Stumm was upon thin ice when he tackled the witness Denman as to the best methods to be adopted in "breaking in" a wild bullock. That, as his Honour remarked, the witness was nora at home on that subject than the barrister. That Denman's lucid explanation of the best way to do the" breaking in" caused the sug gesticn by the Crown Prosecutor that he (Denman) should charge the barrister a fee for such good advice. That his Honour put the cap on the joke by remarking to Stumm, "There you are! You'll know how to do it now." That Stumm enjoyed the little bit of by-play os much as anyone. That his Honour's temporary elevation to the Supreme Court Bench has evidently not curbed his terdeney to get in a good joke when the opportunity offers. That Secior-Sergeant Johnson is to be com plimented on the efficiency of the arrange ments that he made for the comfort of the Court during the two days' sitting. 