Ciiai'teu XI.— Lady Mildred's Dream. It was past eleven, and Lyle seeing that Reuben (to whom he had been reading aloud from one of his favourite authors) slept, put the lamp behind a screen aud turned his chair to the fire. The day had been so eventful and exciting that uot before had ho been able to review its history ami endeavour to forecast its conse quences. His predominant feeling at the moment was deep pity for these two children of adead father and a half-dcmen*ed mother, who, though they had many acquaintance?, seemed not to possess a single friend that took a sincere interest in their welfare and was able and willing to give them sage counsel and good guidance. Their married sister was in India, Lord Lindfield, & bla&ci; man of the world and a thorough egotist, albeit he made a great show of sympathy, came seldom to Ellerlea, cared only for himself and gave all hi3 mind to the preservation of liis health and the prolongation of his life. Their other relatives and most of their neighbours had been repelled by Lady Mildred's strange ways and religious eccen tricities. For days together she would seclude herself in her own apartments, receiving nobody but her doctor and a highly Ritualistic curate as crazy as herself. No wonder Esmeralda was gtave beyond her years, respoD&ivc; to sympathy, and grate ful' for advice, and that Reuben was rough, uncultured, and impalieut of restraint. Lyle was beginniug to think better of the lad, and to be sceptical as to the truth of the reports ho had beard about him, some of which, aa he had already discovered, were either unveracious or malicious, mostly both. Albeit Reuben might have been reckless and extravagant, he was neither vicious nor mean ; he had good impulses and a high courage, and, though he would always be ihore or less of a barbarian, there seemed no good reason why, with judicious leading, he should not develop into a respectable country gentleman aud a brilliant master of foxhounds ; and Lyle resolved that iu the event of his becoming his old pupil's companion and guide, he would do his utmost to keep him straight and turn hia energies in the right direction, if only for his sister's sake. Lyle felt very sorry for Essner ulda, and thought of her long after he had dismissed Reubeu from his mind. Yet his mind was harassed wilh doubts — doubts whether his connection with tho family of Ellerlea, 60 suddenly and strangely formed, would endure. As touching Reuben's recovery he had no misgiving ; ho would get over his fall, . and iu no long lime, but the possible consequences foreshadowed by Dr. Cartwright were disquieting. If phthisis declared itself travelling iu wild or eveu distant countries would be out of the question ; and if the doctor recommended a sojourn iu Italy or the south of France Lyle's services might not be required. In that event Ellerlea would probably be shut up and Reuben proceed to the Continent wilh his mother and sister, and a suite of servant r, perhaps a physician. There would be no place for a bear-leader. Lady Mildred's desire to take her son away from England and danger would be accomplished without Lylc's aid. Moreover, Lady Mildred was capricious, and us likely as not the displeasure with which she regarded him would grow into active dislike. Much would depend on Dr. Etndean'a verdict, but at the best no decUion could well be taken until Reuben had recovered from his injuries, which might uot be for two or three weeks, and Lyle saw that he would have to endure as best he could another period of uncertainty and suspense. But musing at midnight before a fire makes for drowsiness ; after a while Lyle's ideas became very mixed, the flickering flames took strange shape?, and the people he had been thinking about and some others— Esmeralda and Pitcher, Mabel and Minims, Lady Mildred and Mrs. Fairlight, Reuben and Lorimer— passed before his mental vision in an incongruous and disjointed phantasmagoria. His eyes closed, his head drooped, and he was just 'going off' when the door opened wilh a creak, aud a ghost- like figure glided into the room. Though Lyle did not believe in spooks, he was startled more than a little, and rose from his chair in sudden alarm. Then he saw that theintruder waB Lady Mildred, in a white dress ing-gown, au ebony crucifix on her breast, and iu her haud a email green-shaded lamp, which cast on her pale face a cadaverous gleam. ' I dreamt he was dead ! I dreamt he was dead 1' she moaned, and was going towards the bed when Lyle himself before her. ' Reuben is doing very well, and fast asleep. For heaven's sake, don't disturb him,' he whispered. ' You are deceiving me, he is dead. I wish to see for myself. Who are you to stand between me and my son ? You are an emissary of that wicked woman. It is yon who have killed him. Let me pass, I say. If I cannot see my boy alive I will see him dead,' she screamed, and tried to push Lyle aside. Reuben rose on his elbows and sprang out of bed. ' You here, mother !' ho exclaimed. ' What do you want ? There nothing to worry about. Mr. Lyle is taking every care of me, aud I shall be all right in a day or two.' ' You sec for yourself, Lady Mildred, that Reuben is neither dead nor seriously ill. But any sort of excitement is bad for him. Allow me to conduct you to your room,' said Lyle, offering her his arm, which she took without hesitation, murmuring : 'I dreamt it, aud my dream will come true ; eoonor or later something will happen, something will happen.' Though no importance could be attached to fhe words of a woman who was either beside herself with anxiety or temporarily bereft of her reason, Lyle could not help being struck wi^h the expression, 'Something willhappen,' so {like Edith Fairlight's 'Something may happen.' pa going back he found Reuben coutjhiup, £h'e result of another hemorrhage, which, /hough slight, was sufficiently ominous to be disquieting. ' That comes of opringing out of bed,' re marked Lyle. ' It is a warning.' ' It would have made anybody spring out of bed, my mother blowing you up ami screaming iu that way,' said Reuben. 'I thought we were in for a regular row, but you managed her very well. Don't tell Esma, it would only upset her.' Lyle did pot tell Miss Fairlight, but hetoKl Dr. Cartwright, who Ecemed much concerned, and said that he should not make any further examination of his patient for fear of bringing on still another hemorrhage. Then he had an interview with Lady Mildred and Rave her what Reuben called the ' straight tip,' that is to say, he informed her ladyship that unless his orders were obeyed he should discontinue his vUite. Reuben prevailed on Lyle to stay until after dinner and would have had him prolong his visit still farther. To this, however, Lyle could not consent— he had pressing engage* nicnta iu town— imt promised to coirto aguiu soon, und Eimeralda, ou her part, iiromiaed to keep him informed about- her brother, especially if he were worse. No news he was to regard as good news. The pica was no mere jit-ek-xt. Lylc was frying to increaso liis earnings by outside work, not without success ; an article of his in the Balmoral had attracted attention and brought him an order or two, and lie had several books lo review which In; had not yet found time to read. Hence the two -iays lie had spent at EUerloa entailed a Joss which lie could ill afford, and be could still less aO'ord to disappoiut his customers, On the other hand, it had been more than unkind lo leave immediately after the accident, also a breach of good manners and much against the grain to refuse JCsmeralila's request to await the doctor's coming. And' lib time might not have been wasted. There could be little doubt that be had secured her good will and Reuben's friendship, unc' if he did get the appointment it would be through their iufluence. After the fcenu of the previous night he had noL much to hone from Lady Mildred. Lylc reached his lodgings too late for any thing but bed, especially us he was sleepy and tired, and ho turned in resolving to rise betimes and have a long day's grind, as he hoped, free from interruption ; for he was leaving the lion's share of the work in connection with Quips and Cranks, to Lorimer, which, seeing that Lyle had provided the lion's share of the capital, seemed only fair. When he first came to London, with great expectations and a nice little balance at his bankers, he took chambers at the Temple ; but when Quips and Crank* went wrong, and that was early in its career, be migrated to cheaper quarters, then, under stress of waning resources, to cheaper still, and was now lodged in two little rooms en suite, one of which he used as a study, on a third floor iu a narrow street not; far from Chancery Lane. Here and at the Wildman's Club, of which he and Lorimcr were members, he did his writing. Early next morning the slavey of the establishment brought him a cup of milk, a roll, and a slice of bacon, and lighted the study fire, and when Lyle got up, which was soon, lie prepared his modest breakfast, reflecting the while ou the contrast between his scanty repast and Bohemian abode and the luxurious living and funereal footmen of Kllerlea Hall. ' It is like a calm after a storm,' he thought, ?' and I am glad of it. This must be a day of work. I shall not go out till dinner time and I am not likely to bo disturbed. Lorimer is busy making up the paper, and as that bill is arranged for I shall not need to see Pitcher. Glad of that too. The more I sec of that fellow the less I like him. By the way, it is about time he was sending me a cheque for the proceeds. He promised to let me have it at least ten days before due date. However, it is more his concern than mine. If I don't get the money I cannot meet the bill, and it will be debited to Pitcher's account.' When Lyle had breakfasted he cleared the table, and setting to work witb great energy and determination went on without thinking of aught else until the door opened with a bang, and Lorimer, pale, panting, and per spiring, burst iuto the room and threw himself in a chair. 11 What on earth's the matter ?' asked Lylc. ' Have the dynamiters blown up the Bauk of England ?' *' Worse,' gasped Lorimer, ' a thousand times worse. Pitcher has burst up and bolted. He got all the money lie could luy his hands on and, as is supposed, sailed for some destina tion unknown last Friday or Saturday, and uuless we arrauge with another printer at once the paper cannot be got out. and it will bo all U.P.' ' Where have you got your fiction ? Who has been telling you this cock and bull story ?' asked Lyle, smiling incredulously. ' Don't you know that it is a safe rule to believe nothing you hear and only half you see ?' 'I have both seen and heard, Mr. Lyle. When I went to Pitcher's half an hour eince to make the paper up I found the brokers iu pos*essiou ; it was from them and an officer of the bankruptcy court that I got my infor mation. There is also a detective hanging about. He asked me if I had any idea where Pitcher has gone. There is a warrant out for his apprehension.' *' In that case it is all U.P. and no mistake,' eaid Lyle, as quietly aB though the question were an impending change in the weather, 'The scoundrel has no doubt discounted that renewal bill und pocketed the proceeds, and I am liable for five hundred pounds which I have do means of paying. You are right, it is all U.P. both with me and Quips and Cranks. (To be continued.) ** Charles,' exclaimed the head clerk, severely, ' how long does it take to go across the street and buy a shilling's worth of stamps? .You have been gone an hour.' ' Why,' answered the office- boy, looking hurt, 'it «u more than a shilling's worth 1 had to get. It vu five shillings' worth.' 'I've a great story to tell you, boys,' said a hum to a group in the corridor of an hotel. '£ don't think any of you ever heard tne tell it before.' Is it a really good story ?' asked one of the party, doubtingly. ' It certainly is.' *' Then you have never told it before.' A Frenchman alighted from an early mowing train at & London suburban station, and, wanting some informal ioa as to what he should do to reach his destination, wan in some difficulty, as neither he nor the staff on ?duty could understand each other. At this point the inspector catno forward, saying:— ' Get away, you chaps ; let me talk to him !' Placing his band to the Bide of his mouth he snouted iu his very best English in the Frenchman's ears 'If you *rait here till ?doe o'clock I shall have » man on duty who can speak your confounded language !' 