THE CHOSTS OF WOODSTOCK One of the beet stories of a haunted . bouse is that which is related of the Royal Palace at Woodstock in the year 1640, when tho commissioners sent from London by the Long Parliament to take possesion ; of it and efface all the emblems of Koyalty about it, were fairly driven out by their fear of the devil, and the annoyances thoy suffered from a roguish cavalier, who played tho imp to admiration. The commissioner?, dreading ut that time no devil, arrived at Woodstock on the 13th of Octobcr, 164U. They look up their fodgiuge in tho late Kind's apattmcnts, turned the beautiful bedrooms and withdrawing rooms into kitchens and sculleries ; the oouncil-hall into a brew-housc, and made the dining room a place to keep firewood in. They pullud down all the insignia of Royal State, and treated with the utmost indignity cvoiy thing that recalled to their memory the nunc of tho Kiug. One Gilo* Sharp accompanied them in the capacity of clerk, and seconded their efforts ap|-arently with the greatest zeal. He aided them to uproot a noble old tree, merely because it was called tbe King'e oak, and tossed the frag ments into the dining-room to make cheer ful tirce for the commissioners. During the first two day they hoard some etrnuge noiaee about the, house, but they [-ajd no great attention to them. On the third, however, they began to subject tbey had got into bad comfMiuy ; for they heard, as they thought, a supernatural dog under their bed, which gnawed their bedclothes. On tbe next rUy the chair* and table* began to dance, ap|-&rently; of their own ac cord. On the tifth day something came | into the bed-chamber and walked up and | down, and fetching tbe warming-pan out of 1 the withdrawing-room made ho much noise with it that they thought five church bell* ! were ringing in their ears. On the «ixth day the plates and dirhes were thrown up and down the dining room. On the seventh day they penetrated into the bedroom in company with several logs of wood, and usurped tho sjft pillows intended for the commiKfioncrs. On the eight and ninth uights there wa* a cessation of hostilities, but on the tenth the bricks in the chimneys became locomotive, and rattled and danccd about tbe floors and round the heads of the commissioners ull thf night long. On the eleventh the demon ran away with [their brccchex, and on the twelfth : filled their bedn so full of pewter | platters that they coull not get int'- I them. On the thirteenth night the glass became unaccountably *t-t/.ed with a fit of cracking, and fell into fhiverr m all parts of the house. On the fourteenth there was a noise as if forty pieccs of artil lery had been fired off and a nhower of f-rbble stones, which so alarmed the com mi-eioners that, 'struck with great horror, they cried out to one anothor for help '' '1 hcj first of Ml tried the efficacy of prayer* t » drive away the evil spirits, but, thene proving unavailing, they began henously to reflect whether it would not be much better to lca\ c the place altogether to the Jevil that inhabited it. They ultimately resolved, however, to try it a little luoger, , and living -craved forgiveness of all tbeir Hiit- betook themselves to bed. That night they slept in tolerable comfort, but it wus merely h trick of their tormentor to lull them into false security. When on the sue cct-diitg night they heoid no noiees thoy h'.'giiu to flatter themselves that the devil \\\ us driven out, and prepared accordingly to take up their quarters for the whole winter in the puluce. These symptom* on their part became the tignal for renewed uproar :imong the fiends. On the lei of November they heard something walking with a ?low and solemn pace up and down the with lirawing-ro-jm, and immediately afterward a shower of stones, bricks, mortar, and broken glass |»clted about their eare. On t he *2nd the ste|-6 were again heurd in the withdrawing-rooni, bounding to their fancy very much like the treading of an enormous beui.vthich continued for about a qunrtor of an hour. Thi* noise having ceased, a large warmiiig-|«ui was thrown violently ii|K-r- the table, followed by a number of Hon*'- And the jawbone of a horse. Some of tho boldest walkod vaiiuntly into the withdrawirig-rooni armed with *words and pistols, but coulii dincuver^nothing. They were afraid that night to go to sleep, and sat up making tires in every room, and burning candle? and lamps in great abun dance, thinking that as the fiends loved -lurkuc&K; they would not disturb a comjMiny surrounded with so much light. They Here deceived, however, buckets of water came down the chimneys and extinguished the fire*, and the candle^ were blown out, they knew not now. Some of the servant#, who had betaken themselves to bed, were drenched with putrid ditch watci as they lay, and arose in great fright, mattering incoherent prayer^, and exposing to the wond.ering eyes of the commissioners tbeir linen all dripping with green moisture, and their knuckle* ted with the blows they had at the same time received from aome in visible tormentors. While they were still speaking there waa a noise like tbe loudest tbunder or the firing of a whole park of artillery, upon, which thgp all fell down upon their knees and imiflored the protec* tion of the Almighty. Y One of the caininissioner* then arose, the others still kneeling; and asked in a coura geous voice and in the name of God who was there, and what they had done that they should be troubled in that manner. | No answer was returned, and the noiees ceased for awhile. At length, however, aa | the commissioner* said, 14 the devil came! again, and brought with it seven devils: worse than itwlf.' Being again in dark- oess, they lighted a candle and placed it in the doorway tbat it might throw a light upon the two chamber* at once, but it waa suddenly blown out, and one commissioner **id that he hHd ' ' seen the similtode of a horse'e hoof striking the candle aod caodle* stick into tbe middle of the chamber, and afterwards making three escapee on tj^. snuff to put it oat.' Upon tbfa tbe aatoe ppnon was so bold aa to draw hia eword ; but he asserted positively that be had feattfly ^withdrawn it from tbe scabbard More ao invisible haod seised hold of it nod tagged with him for it, nod, prevail iog, struck him so violent a blow with the pommel that be was qoite stunned. Theo tbe .liOiaes began again, upon which, with one accord, the£ all retired into the pre sence rcjba*nbe|y where ttiey passed the and were -bj j.bii' tfme oonriobed -ih»t It wus, iuiieM happened oo_ .A Saturday night, aod, being repeated W (the. Sunday, they deter mined to IeiriK)lM place immediately and return to LmiMi. By Tuesday moraine early all tbeil jMjieraLionB were completed, and, »H»kiofe tffiMf t off choir feet, And de vctiug WoUtoHrak and all ita Inhabitant* to the'iDfogi^jdpdfcjtfaey finally took their departw*,'* ' Many yeamt|bi^mefore tbe true cauae of tbo** pan diacovored. It waa AscerUitned Bcatora'tfon that tbe whole' waa 'tie .*01:11 yof Qilea Sharp, the truaty olerlr^^tbe comroiaaioners.' Thia man, whose te4T name was Joseph Collins, w*as a ccooealed Royalist, and had passed his early life within the bowers of Wood, stock, ao that he knew every hole and cor ner of the * plaoe, and the numeroue trap door* And secret parage* that abounded in 'he building. The commissioners, never subjecting the true *ute of his opinions, but believing him to bt revolutionary to the backbone, placed the utmost reliancc upon him ; a confidence which he abused in the manner above detailed to hie own groat ainuKcn^nt and that of tho few cavubers whom he let into the pccret. 