A SYDNEY BIAN.KAL1M ON. A 'JHQT ti STKAM-PIPB IN A BATH; :;' HI8FLESH ADHERED "TO TBS -PIPE LIKE A STEAK TO A FBYINGPAN. AN AWFUL SIGHT, While in a bath in Pitt-street eMr. Jarris had the misfortune to slip nud fall -on the hot -water pipes, end before he could- be reicued he wag scalded and burnt in «terrible way. The shock of the bumingand the fall proved to be very disastrous for Mr,Jarvi«, and for a number .of years after; he was a confirmed invalid, suffering terribly from locomotor ataxia and other forma, of paralysis. A few moDtbs ago,howayer, reports began to ha circulated inthe neighborhood that Mr. Jarria was getting around again, and that he had had .a most marrelloua recovery .from;, this. apparently incurable malady. It was on account of those rumor* that a special reporter from the Sydney Worker was despatched to get. all information regarding same, and one after noon be made hie was-to his house, 45, Crown-lane, Ultimo. Hr. Xbos.' Jams was discovered nursing a two-year-old babv, end liis face declared him .one of tho. happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about, and able to anawer the knock at the door. Al though pale and still bearing a few-marks of a critical illness and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an involid'uo more. In reply to the preliminary questions he •aid :—"You want to know all about my eaae? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The tacit may be of ralne io those wlio were stricken aa I war." " How long were you suffering?" " Well, IS montba ago I got ao bad that I had to leave off work, end I have doue siotbinc eince then. About fire yean ago next Obrictmoe I met with an accident; £ vv badly raided while taking a bath in Pitt* street, Sydney. Since the accident I hare been in failing health, and after four yeara of gradual development of the malady I wai forced to give up my billet at the Glebe I eland." " What were the aymptomif " "Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. Tbey were jiu't about as much as I could bear. Tbey were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bonee in two io every part of me. I bad no control orer my towels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and ebalring and could neither cat nor aleep. On tbe 23rd of March last I saw a well-known doctor, and be told mo that my case was utterly hopeless. How ever, be gave me an order to tbe Director of Oharilable Institutions." " Did you make use of tbe order ? " " No; I came home nod went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever eince. Five weeks ego I could not walk across the floor; in fact, I could not get out of bod. I felt then that it was all over with rar, end only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor wag attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pilte, to ease the agony I wee in. I was under him for five or eis weeks. Ho came to the conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of tbe spinal chord, charac terized by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary move ments. He told me that I might last for 10 years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient picked his, legs about with energy to ahow that medicar opinion is not infallible). Weil, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed bv tbe advertisement describing the cure effected in tbe case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the Avulratian Workman, fay Dr. Williams's Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of e case which teemed to fit my own. I determined to give the pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. Sou see those cratches there f They are perfectly new, and I bare never used them. Tbey were made for me before I got Dr. Williams's Pink Pills, ' "was loo wen It to use them,, and now I. don't"want them." "He is 100 per cent, better" said Mrs. Jairis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. "The Dr. Williams's Pink Pills for Pale People hare sored bis life and made another man of him." A friend who called io at this point aoid that Harris looked 10 yeare younger that day than he did a fortnight prerious. " I can now," continued Jarvis, " hare u cold bath, and all (he feeling has come back into my legs. . I ascribe all the change and 1 benefit to Dr. Williams's Pink Pills. They . bare ssred my life. I am in no pain now i whaterer, and feel like a new men. On the i mantlepiece (here is a "box -of opium and morphia pills whieli the doctor gare me lo I deaden (be excruciating pain. But they can slay where they are, for I no longer need them. Ererybody who knows me baa been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly belierc their eyes. My being about again baa caused quite u sensation opt here." Such is this remarkable history, cud it con firms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams's Pink Fills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, end spinal disease, alto the many disorders which arise from an impoverished State of the blood, such as aniemie, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weak nets, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, Ac. Mr. J. S. T. McGowen, leader of the Labor Party in the N.8.W. Legislative Assembly, was seen by our reporter in connection with tbe remarkable case of Thomas Jarvis. Mr. McGowen says be has known Jarvis from in fancy. He also knew tbat he bad to give up bis work at Glebe Island abattoirs 12 months ago, owing to a malady which he developed. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was bed- ridden, and that there waB little obanee of his recovery. He understood Jarvis was refused admission to Sydney Hospital, as his case bad been pronounced incurable. Mr. McGowen was, therefore, like everyone else who knew the foots, astounded et tbe com plete recorery of Jarvis. These wonderful pills are obtainable from leading chemists, or from tbe Dr. Williams's Medieino Co., Queen's Place, Sydney, who will forward (post paid), on receipt of stamps or post order, one box for 2s. 9d., or half-dozen for IS*. 3d. See tbat the genuine Dr. Wil liams's ore gotten. 