Concert anil £2 a EH at MornmsSaln. 'from our Upper Yanko Correspondent. The concert and ball referred to in my last came to , a most ' successful termination on Friday ...night last. It was proclaimed by all -who wended their way to it the best ever held in the district. Whether it was or not I'm not going to sny, but I know the finnnces panned out well, something close on £30 being cl eared, ? The principal workers in getting up the affair were Mrs. Luckie, Mrs. Harrington, and Mr. i. Jl'liennon (hon, sec.), and you may be sure they turned every stone to make it pass off pleasantly, nnd ought not they to be pleased with them selves for the brilliant success which at tended their efforts. I was pleased, Mr. Editor, to receive a programme printed at your office and drawn out in excellent style. At 7.30 the doors were opened, nnd nt 8 o'clock tliire were fully 300 people waiting for n start to be made. ' Amongst tho num ber I noticed our genial pastor R. T. Daly, D.D., who appeared quite at home. Af, ten minutes past eight the first performers ap peared on the stage, they being Miss Mooncy nnd Mr. P. Smith, who opened proceedings with an overture (piano) ' Teutel's March,' played in Cno style, and were loudly ap plauded for .their.: contribution. Mr. H. Knight sang ' Dad's the ? Engineer' in his well-known style. The Misses Duval sang ' Life's Dream is O'er 'V very sweetly. A comic by Mr. 1YL. Smith, Staring Me in the Face,' . was woll received, as was also a dialogue by Miss Fox and Mr. Chant, -both receiving hearty applause. Mr. H. Knight sang that amusing comic 'I Live Under neath,' which was highly appreciated, the audiencc going into roars of laughter. Miss M. Harrington made her debut on the stage and sang ' Scenes that are Brightest ' in a soft clear voice which made a good impres sion. H. Knight and P. Smith next ap peared in their budget of absurdities ' Way Down on the Farm,' and received well merited applause. Mr. O. Jones sang ' A Stranger in London.' The first part of programme was brought to a conclusion with the screaming sketch (but it didn't scream) ' Soldier's Ghost,' the parts being taken by Knight, Smith and Murray, who proved themselves no amateurs at tho game. After an interval of five minutes the Misses Luckie and Harrington opened tlie second part with an overture 'II Corricolo,' showing good talent and excellent expres sion. Miss M'Veigh recited very feelingly 'The Curfew Bell,' and I veuture to say this was the gem of the evening. Mr. J. Black, sang an amusing comic which elicited an encore, but I failed to catch the names. H. Knight and P. Smith sent the audience into fits with ' Back Block Blokes.' and Miss T, Duval encroached on the audience's feelings with her sweet soprano by singing The sweetest Btory ever told,' and was loudly applauded and very nearly had to respond. ; Mr. O. Jones gave an excellent exhibition of : club swinging. Mr. P. L.: Smith sang ' A special Scotchman,' nnd the concert was brought to a close with the side-splitting farce ' Tho Black Statue,' Messrs. Knight, Smith, Murray, Luckie, and Miss M.'cWiddup tnking the respective parts. The audience applauded loudly and .long, but had to be content and adjourn to the supper table to do full justice to the best of' edibles. At about 11 o'clock the Ball wa3 opened, Miss Mooney being the musician, with Mr. MeekeB as reliever, both playing excellent tim.e. Mr. M'Lenuon undertook the M.C.-; ship and was as good, if not better, than usual. The dresses worn were lovely,- and , it's just as well to name a 'belle' — but I wish I could swing clubs. In my opinion Miss Mooney took tho ribbon, and as for: the: 'beau' I should say- the gent, with bluo eyes nnd fair curly ' mow.' Dancing was kept up tillr-C a.m., when all would have' gone home if a buggy and harness would take them, but as that.waB an - impossibility they had to wait for about a couple of hours till their ' nags ' tuined up. We regret having to announce the death of Mr. Hugh M. Thomson, one of the owners u£ Cocketgedong Station; The deceased some eighteen months or so ago happened with an aceidont at the station through a fall from a sulky, nnd never afterwards thoroughly recovered from the effects of same. He died at bis residence, Rozelle, Balaclava Road, Melbourne, on Wednesday last. The nominations for the vacancy causcd by the retirement of Aid. M'Vittie. from the local council havo closed.: There was only one gentleman nominated Mr. A. J, Chrystal, of the Albion Hotel. Mr. Chrystal, how ever, declined to act, so that- tlio filling of tho vacancy now devolves on the Mayor. 'THREE CASTLES CIGARETTES.' If you require. n really good cigarette made from the best- Vi rginia tobacco, than nak for the 'Three Castles.', Absolutely the best, nnd guaranteed genuine. . Examine the brand carefully and see that you get what you ask for. Seald head is an eczema — of the scalp — very severe sometimes, but it cae be cured. Doan's Ointment, quick nnd permanent in its results. All dealers, 2s. 9d. 