A DOCTOR'S STORY. -We were three friends very colmfort.. -tbly domlciled in a single suite of roomls ,in B--- street, in near vicinity to the L-- MtedicaI College. Which we at Tended. One of us was IloLLander a gentle anealy, handsonre you'th. ,,f too tender a nature for a doc',i', -we thoughtl?. but a eery accoulplished fellow in his stuidies, Jaevertheless. 'Tihe second of our trio was ta tilick +'ongued, red-faced ILRussian, vwh,,ie lihree eyes, shaded by long lashes. gave an impression of evil always; ,ispeliied whn bis white teeth and good nature were raevealed. in a very pleasant smile. lie -was remarkably arduous in hiis parsuit Aof knowledge, and sometimes scrupled not to resort to questionable I means. which were betrayed to us by his muddy I boots and clothing when he re-appearel after a night-long absence, introverted and 1unquestioned. As for myself, let it suffice to say that although my fortune was meagre my -heart was light, and ignorant of tny graver care than the preparation for to morrow's recitations. While Holl .nder was study:ng,. and the, Russian experi menting, I am afraid I was too often found perusing some light love-tale or thrumming my guitar. My idle spirit was as deaf to Hollander's friendly ad emonitlons as to the Russian's grunts of scornful disarpprobation. But the tranquil tenor of my life was .abruptly ternltnated by a disturbing in lhuence T had never anticipated, when one tine afternoon I fell in love with Es t.elle Grayton. To end the tale of my.,enthral-nent in 'the fewest words. I vnailed n;ys-ef ,.f ninny opp'rtlunitics for mnieti"g the fair Eistelle, n:dl in no long time the influ ence of :t passdionate, :abiding attach inent inliltrated my ent!re being, and was not. T f'elt assured, unreciprocated. I was little disturbed by my friendl Iollander's good-natured raillery, but I felt so.sharply nettled under the Rus sian's coarise banter, that I would often .retort In the bitterest terms, and appear so distressed that the twirkle in Iiol lander's eyes gave place.to a look of sympathy and reproof, by which the Russian was awed into silence. At this juncture of my affairs I re turned one evening from my accustomed visit in a rmost forlorn and wretched mood. Estelle was ill. I could learn nothing more- from . the servant than that she was delirious; and, though tor mented by an insatiable thirst, she suf fered the severest spasms at the mere sight of water. I stood for an hour or snore watching the shadows which p::ssed across the curtains of her chatn fier window, like clouds across the bright lirmament of my happiness. The next evening I learned that she had been taken away for more. skilful treatment of a disorder which threatened her life; whither, the ser vant, who was our sole confidant, was uncertain, .and apparently without any good reason for her belief that it was to F'rance. I was Inconsolable and fret fulty Intolerant of the kindly efforts of my two friends to interest I.e In new Iesearches and experiments.. The lec ture-room, the dissecting-room, the hos .pitals, even the theatre, presented no allurement of my grief-stricken spirit. I wandered the streets during the day time, and at night I haunted the home of my beloved one, hungering for the lnercht scraps of news concerning her. I suppose I showed so severe effects of qpy anxiety in my pale face and sunken eyes that :f really alarmed my friend. REollander, who finally Insisted upon a Change of scene and air, and accom Tpanied me to a quletwatering-place near I,---. where we remained a '-reek. A lover's solicitude for his sick mistress is mot to be cured by sulphur .baths and 'draughts of brackish .mineral water,and and it was with this conviction that -we returned to our lodgings In r.-- s-treet at the end of the aforesaid time. We found our friend, the Russian, il nothing more interested than in tile analysis of a.:mad 1og~s..bragin. Niothing was wanting to complete his happiness, he said, hut a human brain similarly affected with which " to compare the canine's. Hollander became immediate ly Interested in this experiment, which promised novel discoveries and develop ments. They vainly sought to interest nme in their theories. What was a mad alog's brain to me? MIy own was mad enough. Fired with youthful ardor, and the true student's yearning for a deeper understanding of a puzzling proposition, mny friends searched the wards of seve r-aal of the large city hospitals, and re turncd on the eveniing of the following day elated by several dlscoveries. The eases represented the different phases snl stages of the disease, but their inte rest lna chiefly in a single case in the \--- Hospital. Thleir patient was a beautiful young girl, they told me.whllose young life must soon succumb to the dreadful malady. The Russian's only sorrow arose from the fact that her friends would probably never permit her beautiful person to lie upon the dissect ing-table. If she were only ugly, or friendless, or old, what great benefits would accrue to science from her mis -fortune, - On the morning after the funeral of tIhe unhappy girl, Iollander so artfully inited the Interests of the fair patient and her malady that I became deeply attentive to his elucidation of his theory of the disease. He dwelt so long upon the special importance of direct com parisorn between the human and the eanine brain in the study of thel, dis temper, that I soon perceived him to have become familiarised with the idea of a certain hazarhous, hideously repul sive project, which the Russian hlad, doubtless, proposed to him long before. lHe ended his discourse with a direct proposal of the venture, for which I was not unprepared. His .strong influence over me, the stronger because hitherto only exerted for my good, together with a wild notion of sport, and a mad desire to forget for a time the pain in my heart, availed to win me to partake in the venture. It was left to the Russian to make all neddful preparations, an. at midnight we set forth fully equipped for the work before 11us. We threaded a wearisome maze of deserted, echoing streets, and near the end of half an hour, approach .-ed a little chapel, which stood before a \---loomny, silent churchyard. Already I •had more than once repented of my rash particilpation in the affair, and would 2now have abandoned it hal I not feared the Russian's taunts and Hollander's contempt. The former now lighted a lantern, and led the way from the street through a gate into the churchyard, and along a path between the graves. After a. long search he paused beside a mound of fresh-turned earth, and pointed to a wreath which his own hands had laid upon it as a mark of its identity. "This Is the grave," he said. "Wait here; I will return soon." SHe disappeared, and left us standing there in thoroughly wretched, b)ut somewvhat consolatory, companionship. I drew near to Hollander, and gazed fearfully about me in the gloom. The deep shades seemed to mask all familiar shapes In ghostly covelrs. Oil tomb stones, blackened and stained by marny years' exposure, and overgrown with moss, peered out from dark retreats. or, seeming wear-y with Iong standing. -sought to incline themselves to restful attitudes. For a moment the nloon broke through a cloud, and the dancing, quivering sh:adows beneath my feet ap peared the phantoms of that life with which the fertile grove in the daytime must have tee-ned. After a. few moments the Russian re appeared, lbringing a pick and two spades. which hg had procured in an outhouse near the chapel. He Ihanded -as thle spade. and. raising the pick, buried it in the mound with a thud which sent a thrill of horror through 3me. ·'We must work hard." he said. "It is now one o'clock." They had made considerable pro grese in the work of exhumation before I felt able to -asist. When we had reached a depth of three or four feet the Russian suggested that I should remain outsile and act as guard. I gladly acquiesced, and, with vwhatever consequence to my weakened ner\ve,. wiold have rejoiced I, ha\ve had anyt reason to alarm them fr nl achieving that hideous purpose. .\ftetr tie faltor of a. half-hnur we heaird the thud ll the pick upon the \wiod of the bix enclosing the coflln. In Ita f::e\ ininurts th. last shovelful of <trt was tti-rn ,Iit. and the lids of th,, hx: and coflin removed. At the is's requo-st I handed down to him hi- darlk l-t,:lrn, also a ove r,, ed vessel 'an r'at.e of surgir~al instrutneitts which h-, I.a1 I. r n.uht, aind theu, nearly faint ing. I retir-eld out it view of the opera tin "n. S'ill, hy a.:me stran.ge fas._ination, I hael?i miy ,t?s isxt:d tiupon thi oopenlCt grave, which appiteared lice: a lighted xwiniow in the a:lbhile of ghosts. A it?oment a'ift.rwards I ht"'rd aga.in thi- ttutsialn's voice. "Pas: down those gloves in !tmy coat Docket," it said, and added, in a loewer. tioote to Hlollandler, "She was a hraultiful girl. What h.t'i! What fcatures!'" I alpproa:l:td III t grlave, and,. in some: curiosity. a-roa:lsed , y the last remanrl:. I stotnoped to gaze eon the pallid faee in the coflin. ?ith tIu;e wiltl shriek I start ,"d back. and fell. "Oh. what Is this? _My God! Estalle! Estelle'!" Instantly I felt a rough hand upon my mouth, and faintly heard the RPussinil's nmuttered cure and admonition. "h1i still, you fool! or--" A long period of unconsciousness fol lowed, from which I was revived by feeling a ngass of water at my !ips, and T iopened my eyes upon the familiar fulrntlllre of my. room. whither nmy t,'na f'emri-s. with unltold effort, had earmie:l net frnom the scene of our nin.tII :' ente rprise. Fo: monthf aft-r'narils I waa intoler Shly distres'-el lv :he' maece thonu'ht of that night's rev-elation. lut it i wrouught a s?nutary change in my hal:.tl . a:5d made . mrre tlhe smb lbncee of a mnn. "1 i'ot -,rtlhnan Co(l:u'iI." 