MR. ROBERT KAY. AN IMPORTANT IN STITUTION HONOURING A PUBLIC SERVANT. On Wednesday, June 1, Mr. Robert Kay, General Director and Secretary of the Public Library, Museum, an began his fortieth year of department, and to mark their appreciation of his valuable work in these essentially educational institutions the officers who are working with him combined to celebrate the event. Mr. Kay was presented on Wednesday afternoon with a beautifully prepared address, in which was expressed the feeling of admiration and esteem en tertained by the employes for their official head. A biographical sketch of Mr. Kay will not be out of place at this time, and a glance may also be taken at the progress of the various buildings which have grown up under his fostering care. Mr. Robert Kay was bom at Newcastle on-Tyne on June 19, 1825. The greater part of his school life was spent at the Grammar School, Newcastle, an educa tional institution which received its endow ment in the time of Queen Elizabeth, and numbers among its celebrated scholars Lords Collingwood, Eldon, and Howell. When he was fifteen years of age he left school, and went into the counting-house of an ironworks, of which his father was managing partner. In 1849 his father died, and the young man succeeded to the va cant partnership: but about eighteen months afterwards he sold his share to his partners, having decided to come to Australia. Mr. Kay made the voyage in the ship Ascendant, Mr. and Mrs. Angas and their youngest son being amongst the passengers. He reached Port Adelaide in January, 1851, and started business in Adelaide as an assayer. The Mount Alexander gold diggings, which were discovered in August. 1851, put a stop both to copper mining and assay ing in South Australia: so in Feb ruary, 1852, he, like most of the male po pulation of the colony, went off to the dig gings. Mr. Kay did not stay long, and July of the same year saw him back in this city. Shortly after his return he was appointed laboratory assistant in the Assay Office, and while occupying that position had a large share in the rolling of gold plates for the tokens which were issued, and in striking the tokens, he remained in the Assay Office until about January, 1853, when it was practically closed. Two months after wards Mr. Kay was married, and went to farm at Mount Charles, near Woodside, and in that occupation he remained three years. During his stay in that part of the colony Mr. Kay became much respected, and was elected a member of the Onka ringa District Council, and for a portion of his term acted as Chairman. In the early part of 1856 Adelaide became his place of residence once more, and in 1857 he obtained the post of accountant and cashier to Messrs. Herford & Boucaut, and he finally settled here when he received the appointment of Secretary to the Board of Governors of the South Australian Insti- tute. He entered on the duties of that office on June 1, 1859. The Board at that time consisted of the Very Rev. Dean Farrell, and Messrs. J. H. Clark, S. Daven- port, and L. Glyde. Sir Samuel Davenport is the only survivor of that Board now. During the thirty-nine years that have passed since Mr. Kay has kept a roll of the members of the Board of Governors of the various institutions of which he has had control, and he puts it that 'almost the only thing not of a pleasurable charac- ter connected with the Boards under whom I have had the honour to serve during nearly forty years is to look over that roll and note bow many of those in cluded in it— men who were honoured and leading South Australians in their day, and whom I remember with respect and may say, affection — have passed away from earth. That roll is to me actually peopled with ghosts.' Mr. Kay has been a great reader, and is an exceptionally well-in- formed man, there being few topics upon which be cannot converse freely. He has always taken an interest in chemistry. He also knows a good deal about mecha- nics, and locomotive engines have a great attraction for him. He is also something of a musician, and for many years figured as one of the violinists in the Philharmonic Society Orchestra, but a defect in his hear- ing has induced him to give up his favourite pastime. Mr. Kay has been a pro minent member of the Unitarian Church for many years, and still sings in the choir ot that Church. The South Australian Institute was esta- blished in 1856. and was for some years located in King William-street, but in 1860 the Government provided a new building on North-terrace, which is now known as the Institute Building. The Royal Society and Society of Arts became incorporated with the Institute in 1859. but the latter ceased in 1894, when the Public Library, Museum, and Art Gallery of South Aus- tralia came into existence. A little time after its incorporation, the Society of Arts esta- blished a School of Design. which for many years was under the control of Mr. C. Hill, who is still in Adelaide. The Museum, under Mr. Waterhouse, who also lives in the colony, was begun about the same time. The institution made very satisfactory pro- gress for the next few years: but this pro- gress meant increase tn the number of books in the Library and specimens in the Museum. Thus the necessity for more ac- commodation was shown to be imperative. In 1873 the foundations of the western wing of a proposed new block were laid, and Mr. Kay second experience— his first was with the Institute on North-terrace— of the worry attaching to the erection of buildings commenced. The ground work having been prepared, there the matter ended, and nothing further was done, until 1876\. when fresh plans were drawn, and another set of foundations put in. Here again the work went no further, and it was not until 1879 that the erection of the west wing was finally proceeded with. Then the result of the labours in previous years was condemned, and had to be removed before the structure now known as the Public Library conld be started. This was com- pleted in 1884. The Board had for some time recognised that more attention to art education in the colony was necessary, and they now decided to undertake that work. Accor- dingly. Mr. Tannert was appointed Master of the School of Design in 1881. This was only provisional, as it was contemplated that Mr. Tannert should become Master of the School of Painting, which title he as- sumed in the following year. In 1882 Mr. Gill was given charge of the School of De- sign, and on October 2 of that year he opened his school temporarily in Morialta Chambers. The Board's success has been perhaps greater in connection with the Art Schools than with any other work it has undertaken, and the present worthy Director of the School has of course con- tributed largely to that result. In 1892 Mr. Tannert resigned his position as Master of the School of Painting, and Mr. Gill was thereupon appointed Director for Technical Art, with Miss Armstrong as Mistress of the School of Painting. These positions are still filled by the same per- sons, but so rapid has been the growth of Mr. Gill's department, that he has now, besides Miss Armstrong, a staff consisting of four teachers, with other visiting teachers for special subjects. Examinations in art have also been con- ducted nnder the authority of the Board, and though at first instituted at Mr. Gill's suggestion for the benefit of the students in the School of Design, it was not long before the public and private schools re- quested to be allowed to send in candi- dates, and now examinations arc annually held in Adelaide as well as in various country places, and most of the chief schools regularly send up candidates. Mr. J. R. G.. Adams was appointed Officer of Art Examinations when those examina- tions were first established, and has since continued to fill that position. On the completion of the present Public Library building in 1884 accommodation in it was afforded to the Museum. This it was from the first understood could only be temporary, and in 1889 both the Library and Museum began to feel the necessity of more room, and the sympathy of the Government having been enlisted, it was decided to erect a new building— the third in Mr. Kay's experience— for the Museum collection. The Museum had by this time become a very important de- partment of the institution, A very skilful taxidermist. Mr. George Beazley. since de- ceased, had, in 1881, been engaged in Lon- don; Dr. Haacke, as Director of the Museum,, since resigned, had in 188 ar- rived from New Zealand, and an expert preparateur. Mr. A. Zietz, now Assistant Museum Director, bad come in 1884 from Kiel, in Germany. A museum entomolo- gist. Mr. J. G. O. Tepper. and a collector were also in evidence, besides other officers. The New Museum building was opened to the public in 1895, when Dr. E. C. Stirling filled the position of Hon. Director. On the re- signation of Dr. Haacke. Dr. Stirling, who was then a member of the Board of Gover- nors, was requested to act as Honorary Director for the Museum: When in the ordinary course Dr. Stirling retired from the Board be received the appoint ment as Director of the Museum, and to his untiring energy and the loyal co- operation of the Assistant Director. Mr. Zietz— both enthusiasts in their respective lines— arc due the credit of having, made the South Australian Museum. Some ex- ception has been taken to its architectural features, but its contents arc spoken of in the highest terms by all who enter its doors, and it has been repeatedly said that it is the best natural-history museum in the colonies. The establishment of a Na- tional Art Gallery was an object which the Board had in view, and the Melbourne In ternational Exhibition of 1880-81 affording a good opportunity for buying high-class works of art, tlie Government voted £2,000 for the purchase of pic- turcs. Twenty paintings were ac- quired on this occasion, and were exhibited in the south end of the Public Library Building, which was opened as a national gallery by H.R.H. Prince Albert Victor. On June 18, 1881, Mr. Tannert was appoiuted Curator of the Art Gallery, and was succeeded in 1892 by Mr. H. P. Gill as Hon. Curator. The progress of the Art Gallery has been slow in consequence of the inability of the Government to place upon the Estimates an annual sum for the purchase of pictures, but it ad- ranccd from the first, and it was found that the accommodation provided for it in the Public Library building was insuffi- cient. In 1890 the pictures were removed to the rooms in the Exhibition Building, which they now occupy, and whence they will shortly be removed to the gallery in course of erection. Though the Board of Governors had not the advantage of an annual vote from the Government, they succeeded in further attracting the atten- tion of the public to the Art Gallery by arranging for the interchange of high-class works of art with the galleries of Mel- bourne and Sydney. Owing to the fact that the Adelaide resources were exhausted, this arrangement has been temporarily suspended, but it is regarded as likely that the system of exchange will be resumed as soon as the Board have fresh pictures to exchange. The recent magnificent bequest of the late Sir Thomas Elder has enabled the Board to look forward to making in the near future some valuable additions to tlie gallery, and has further induced the Government to erect an Art Gallery building, where the pictures will be free from the great risk of fire which it is felt they are now running in the Exhibition Building. The new Art Gallery, which is now making satisfactory progress towards completion, is the fourth structure which Mr. Kay will have had a great deal to do with. The Library has not been standing still, bnt its progress has been seriously interfered with through the inability of the Government to afford the Board sufficient funds to enable them to make the purchases of current literature which is so very necessary in these days of rapid improvement and diseovery. In 1875 a sum of money was voted by the Govern- ment to obtain books to form the nucleus of a free public library. After that year on amount was regularly voted for this purpose, so that in 1884, when the Public Library Building was completed, a collec- tion of about 11.000 volumes had been made. These, together with about 12,000 books which were transferred from the South Australian Institute as being more suitable for reference than circulation, enabled the Board to open the Public Library with a collection of about 23,000 volumes. During the past fourteen years the additions hare totalled 17,000 tomes, so that the number has now reached 40.000. Mr. R. S. Benham was ap- pointed Librarian in 1858, and continued to fill that position during thirty-seven years: on his decease, in 1S96, Mr. J. R. G Adams, the Assistant Librarian, was pro moted. and Mr. M. J. O'Connor took the post vacated by Mr. Adams. The cata- loguing of the library on more modern lines than had previously been attempted is now engaging the special attention ot the libra- rian: and the Cataloguing Clerk, Mr. W Ifould, recently spent three months with the staff of the Melbourne Public Library in order to familiarize himself with the system followed there. The Melbourne Public Library card catalogue is similar to the one proposed to be adopted here. In every progressive step, and in all the troubles through which the institution has passed, Mr. Kay has firmly held the helm and it will thus be seen how much of his life has been woven into its growth and pro- gress. After a period of thirty-nine years service he is still in possession of robust health, and looks well enough to fulfil the hope so gracefully expressed by his fellow oflicers that they will be afforded the opportunity of congratulating him on the jubilee of his stewardship. The roll of Chairmen of the Board of Governors of the various institutions from July, 1856, is as follows:— Dean Farrell 1856-7; Mr. A. Forster, 1857-8; Mr. J. Howard Clark, 1858-9: Mr. L. Glyde 1859- 60, 1874-5: Mr. W. W. R. Whitridge, 1860-1: Dr. Wvatt, 1S61-2, 1868-9, 1870-80: Mr. J. MacGeorge, 1S62-3; Mr. N. Blyth. 1863-4, 1876-7; Mr. A. Stow, 1864-5; Mr. S. Tomkin- son. 1865-6; Mr. (now Sir Charles) Todd. 1866-7. 1871-3. 1883-4; Mr. W. Ever- ard. 1867-8, 1880-1; Rev. Canon (later Arch- deacon) Farr. 1869-70, 1877-8, 1885-6; Mr. Fiddian. 1870-1; Mr. W. A. E. Wcst- Ers- kine. 1873-4; Dr. C. Gosse. 1875-6: Mr. R. Rees. 1878-9: His Honor (now Right Hon.) Chief Justice Way, 1881-2. 1803-8: Dr. E. C. Stirling, 1882-3; Dr.. H. T. Whittell. 1884-5; Hon. Dr. Campbell, 1886-7: Mr. C. T. Har- grave. 1887-8; Mr. A. Abrahams. 1888-9; Mr. J. Medway Day, 1880-90; and Mr. D.. Murray, 1890-3. 