SOME CURIOUS WILLS. Heory L'arl of StufFord insoctod tbo following iu his testamentary disposition:— ,4I givo to tbe worst of women, who in guilty of all ilia— the daughter of Mr, Grummout, a Frcuohuinn— whom I have uuforlunatoly married, five and forty brass halfpence which will buy her a pul let .for her sapper— a. greater sum than her falbnroan oftsn makeover to her — for 1 liavu known when he had neither money nor ctodit for suoh a purchase, ho being the worst of men and his wife the worst ef women. Had I kuowu their characters I had never married thtir daughter nor made myself unhappy." Another geutlemim bequeathed to the partner uf bis joja and sorrows bis " bitter contempt for her infamous canduot and nothing more,' and the uotorioufl Colonel Nash orderod that an unnuity of fifty pounds should bo paid to the belhingora of Bath Abbey ou the condition tbat they muffled tho clappers of thebelh) and rang them dolofully for twelve huura on eaoli tnni- versuryof bis wedding day. The following words were used by a noble man who died in London in Junc, 179X, and whose desoooduntB still remain : " Beeiiig that I huvo had tho utisfortune to be married to tbe uforeaiid ISlizabetb, who, ever since our uniou, baB tormeuletl me iu every passible way ; tbat, not content with making game of all my remou- straKCor, she hns douo all she could to rtmder my life tuiserable ; tbat heaveu terms to have tout her intu tho world only to drive mo out ef it ; tbat tho strength of Somtou, the genius of Homer, tbe prudence of Augubtua, tho skill uf I'yiihus, tho patience of Job, the philosophy of boerates, the subtlety of Hannibal, tho Tigilancs of Hormogouos would not suffice to subdue tbo perversity ot her ohaiuoter ; that no power on earth oau ehaugo her, seeing wo buve lived apart during tho last eight years, and tbat tho only zeeult has been tho ruin of iny hod, whom ahe has corrupted aud estranged from me. Weighing tnaluidy aud seriously ull these oir- ouiusUuces, I havu bequeathed uud I buquoalh to my said wifo Klizsbcth tho sum of auoBhil- iug, to bo paid unto her within six mouths alter my dcucHBe," TLo nncertBiuties.ncd disappoiutmeuts of life, the insincerity of friends aud tbo oligbla of tbo world have oftvn so worked ou men's miudo (sarstho "Nntionul Observer") as tooauso thun iu thoir wills to sot forth their t&tlnuto; of mtbly things and so to onlighlea pusturity by revealing to it tho lost impressions of a cynic or a philosopher. Thus I'hillip, dflh Ifinrl of Frinbiokc hud Montgomery, nlio lived iu tho llitit hull of the sovcotceutb century, gava the folloning curious ciiroclions iu bis will : " givo my body to Mother Kattb. Ifvcn if I would 1 could nob keep if, for it is pluin tbo chirurgeobe arc touring it to pieces. Bury me, tboreforo. 1 hold ohurchca and lands oaough fur that. 1 tern : I will have no mtnurnent, for thou 1 must oooils havo verses over my carcase ; during my lifo 1 bad euvugh ut these. Horn ; I give ray two host saddlu horses to the ISorl of Denbigh, whose lega metbinka must scon begin to fait him. As regards my other cattle, 1 be queath them lo Lord Fairfax that wht.n Crom well takes away his oeramiasiou ho may still bare some horBU to command; Itora : 1 give ull my wild bcasts tu the Earl of Salisbury, boiug very sure that he will piesecvo them, acting tbab ha refused tho Kieg u doe out of his park, item : 1 give nothing to my Lord Saye, and I do tnako him this logaoy willingly because I- kaow Vbnt ho will faithrully distribute it uuto tbo poor. Item : Seoing that I did menace a certain Henry Mildtnay, hot did not thrash hint, ( do leavo tho sum of fifty pounds sterling to tho taoqucy that! shall pay unto him my dobt, Ilom : J give to tho Livuleimnt-Gcncial Crom well one uf ray words, thu which ho must want, seoing that he has never kept any of hie own, Item : I givo to tho wealthy citizoos of London, and likuiti&o; to Uio Freabytvuiniu and nobility, r.otice to look to their chins. Hem : I givo— up the ghost." Another trbtamtnt iu tbe sarao strain was thut of Mr. tidword Wortloy Muutagu, son of tbo famous Lady Mary of that tmtno. Among cslobrutcd bequests of his was an insigaificiaut sum of moucy to u rclntire, a noble oarl, with tho rcmail: " I do not givo his lordship any further part of my prupt-rty, btociuso tho best part of that bo has taken already," Ho also left to Sir Robert Walpoly bis "politioal opinions, never doubting he ouu well turn tbem into cash, who hos o I way a found suoh au excel lent maiktt lor his nwB," Semo wills bavu hreti nrrogaut ub wht'D Turacr direotvd bis .body to he interred iu Wostminster Abbuy ; some yati ticu), bb whun Stvift loft tbo bulk of hisToituuo to found an Imh limaf ic asylum ; i;omo fantas tic, as wlii-u a Hcotlish gcntleinun left each of bis two dflugLtfirs their weight iu one-pound note 8 (one turned tho scale at fifty -seven and tha other at fifty-ono thousand pounds) ; come brief and bu>incsshku, as when Arkvrright (tho iuvuutor), dying iu 1793, said eituply, ".I be queath to my soR-iu-law, Sir R, Wigram, use million starling " ; noaso patriotic, as wheu Sir. Charles Hustings directed his body-to bo buried ' without? a coffin und the placo pluntod with acorns, that ho might render a tart service to his country by giving nourishment to some good English oaks ; and nomo scientific, if gruesome, as when Jpromy Dcntham bequeathed bin body to a boipilai, with iuslruotions that Lis skele ton should be prepared uud oleanod, aud his bend preserved tnliru, andthat bu should, tvlicu thus treated,preflidc at tho tscetinga of the hus- pit-il directors, 