A SUP OF THE PER. t d r ' to was all Did? Carshal ton's In h ii&nylrespecta; an pmiabte youth, be cannot be said to be possessed of the Ega c ftrliirri. andperteips isiwt 8.WKHfcofthe a of the jjanmtnt be produces in -jaoreseaaUve people. A-freijueiiter of parties of descri£8on,Iie is fond of , varying tfce monotony of the social rou- . •tine by <sarious little practices. Of : •these )iSs favorite, not =las! pecnEar'tD JitajifB, Is commonly bmsa as spoiling: sport. Whenever Dh&y; sees Sl &sir; people *r.-fao appear to tate parttcglar<e- Hstitic one another's society, showing a tenthsicy to sett onto themselves retreats, be is never satisfied until, by some bold stroke or conning stratagem, Sietas succeeded in separatinstlieEi; or. least, in destroying their enjoyment Or the rest of -one evening. Hie happy possessor of as ohjmstless *upply of self-confidence, and the most taazen impudence—the objects of his attack, moreover, being from the nature of their IKWition oomparalivSy defenceless—it is neeffless to add that, though JMcky tau= Us failures tai record, they ate greatly octstripp«?d in numbers by tus successes. So a m is' nothing so wonferfol in the fad that IKcky was st the bottom of that unfortnnafce affair Kith Jack and EtlieL aBsttera tod Ions in a delicate oxB •critical state between those two young pec^iile- Jack, who hsjd told himself over and o w again thai Ethel was a Srt and that he, for one^ had no intention of T»<m-ieif to the list of ber victims; Ethel had rtaeved her feelings by -repeatedly assuring herself that Jack' -was a crags'fellow.Trho caned for nothing Tint his books, and was. unite impervious to the charms of -womanhood. Bet that night at the Warrington's things really <iil seem to he taking a torn for the better. Ethel had boldly -irm^A £er bacx on half a dozen other admirers, and Jack, looking down into •her honest eyes, was rapidly forgetting the doubts and fears which had so tormented him taring the past few months. There is no knowing what might have "happened had It not been for Dicky, who -came np to tiic-ni at this hopeful stage of affairs, his shoulders up to his ears, his hair brushed to &. nioety. and with the most unmistakable look of mischief in Ins prominent eye. •"Good evening. Miss Mariner," he said, taking Ethel's hanu in his and squeezing it with empressment; and then the two poor ^'"rs suddenly awakened from their dre&m;, stood there *<rill and helpless while Dicker fired off his accus- -tomed volley of mind, and ventured on •one or two Tittle pop-guns on his own -account. "Miss Mariner," he said at last, with a satisfied dance at Jack's sullen face, "have yon been into the conservatory? "They've put up a. lot of pink lamps, and there's the most Eumptuons tete-a- tete <hair in there that you can imagine." Ethel looked up at Jack, who stood by, furious and sulky. "He is only too glad to get rid of me. He hasn't the ordinary kindness to resale me from tins bore. And I have been so'horribly amiable to him," she thought in despair. "If she likes thai popinjay, let her so •with him! I'm sorry for her taste .that's Oil,** reflected Jack, and in another mlante Ethel found herself actually seated in the tete-a-tete chair with Dicky, whose large eyes were rolling triumphantly in the light of the rose-colored Jamps. She did not succeed in making her escape tin It was time to go home. Jack was nowhere to be seen, and she drove back in the chQI grey morning with the heaviest heart she had known for many days. "Ethel," said her mother at breakfast the next morning, "did you have a piescant time at the "Warrington's?" •"Oh, yes, mamma," said EtheL drearily. she "was pale and heavy-eyed- I think she bad not slept all night. "And who was there?" went on Mrs Slariner, helping herself to buttered toast with cheery briskness. Ethel enumerated various people. "And Dicky Carshaltoc," she hastily conclud- "and Jack Davenant" The last name slipped out with exaggerated carelesness. and yet it was whirring about in the poor girl's head and had been doing so for the last five or six hours, like an imprisoned bluebottle in a glass. "Jack—Jack—Jack Davenant-" "Was «he never to have another definite thought again? "By the bye," said Mrs Mariner, as she rose from the table, "will you send note to Florence Byrne? I want her to lunch here to-morrow at half-past ©ne—the Singletons are coming." Ethel moved to the writing table, blushing faintly. She remembered that * Sfrs Byrne was Jack Davenant's cousin. "Half-past one, recollect." cried her toother as she rustled from the room. Ethel listlessly took up her pen, and polled a sheet of paper towards her. It *ras not stamped with the address, but die failed to notice this, and began at •once— "Sly dear Mrs Byrne." Then she stopped short, and the buzzlag in ber brain went on worse than ever Tt^ note got written at last, all but the •$gna£are, and then she wondered dreamily if she would sign herself "Sours yety sincerely,". or "Yours atfectiaa- -ately." .•"Ethel"*, called her mojher, putties Sier head in at the door. "I an going ®ut. Give me the note for Florence; I caa take it to the office." Guilty and ashamed, Ethel seized ber pen and wrote hastily, but in a bold sand, - "Tours very sincerely, "JACK DAVEXAXT." •Mrs Byrne neither came to lunch nor auxe-vrered the Mariners' invitation. Sirs Mariner expressed surprise at this want of courtesy, and apoligised to the Singletons-for having no one to meet them. "Are yon sure, Ethel, that yon told her the -Tight day?.Florence is in town, I know, and It is so unlike her to be rude." "1 think it -was all right, mamma," Ethel replied vaguely, and never save another thought to the matter. On the morning of the next day, as sbe •was practlsing-her singing lesson in the Iiolland-shrouded drawingroom, the door, was flung open to admit a benign and comely lady, who advanced smiling' towards ber. • "Mrs Byrne," died Ethel, in surprise^ rising from the music-stool. Mrs Byrne established herself comfortably in a deep arin-chair, then beckoned to the young girl ,wjth a well-gloved linger— -" ., ."Come over hen^EtheV* Ethel drew a stobl to the other side, and sat down, .spilling, hut mystified. Mis Brrne playod s. little with the clasp of the silvgfgjnounted hand-bag •which she carS^gjnd from -wbi&), tovfag at last snraseeSed in opening it, ' she produced a stanq^ envelope addressed to hersSt ' ^jfj^-r "Do 5rmlcnow;tJiat hand-wniing?" she isaid. flourishing it before Ethel's astonished-eyes. ••I-fTlS • "It is my own: I wrote to ask yon to innrh/1 poor S^thd answered simply; -while the thought flasbed across iber : > ^ifnd~that ilrs Byrne bad probably gone " ^ "'JhS^ M, "then," cried the tady. Trith S-to'aS^'E^pressed-amus^ent^rlilaL ^ lent icolor to the tnotfon. Etbfil tcfoitefi it QQhSdy, sat: ransfixed Eke one who receives a suden m and fatal injury, for before her bor- o^-strft-ken eyes glared these words In er own handwriting, "Yours vsy sinerely. TACK DAVENANT." -"Why, what doies it mean?" she cried j t test in a hoarse voice, Cor it seemed that some fieodi^ magic-had been at 'wocfc''•-.--• • *:*"* •That's what I want to know, 3£ra Bvrne answered mora gently. 1 received this note the dapbefcre yeAendy-Tbere tras DO adorers, and the laadifiSng ^ras certainly not Jack's. Nor is my couan in the least likely to invite me to lunch at las chambers. So I wrote to him at once, ana told him to drop In to dinner If he hadanything to say to me." Ethel had risen to ber feet, and was Standing with a little frocen smile on her face; but at this point she broke in hurriedly— "Did yon show him—Mr Davenant, the tetter?" Mrs Byrne nodded- She was not a person of delicate perceptions, and had come here bait on a little harmless amusement; but tor some reason the amusement was not forthcoming. Ethel clasped her -odd bands together. In a &enzy; of despair. She knew thai Jack was familiar with ber handwriting; had be not made little criticisms, severe and tender, on -the occasional notes of invitation wiiich Ae had addressed to him? . • 'Jack said be knew nothing a^ost the: note, and hadn't the ghost of an idea what It meant-** "Oh, Jack. Jack." cried Ethel's heart in paxrE thesis, "what must you think at me?" r airs Byrne vent on—"Grace Allison came in later, and the mystery was cleared up. She recognised your handwriting, and we (tonduded that you had dose it in a fit of absence of mind. Poor old Jack, how she did rhaff him!" Ethel was struggling to recover her presence of mind. "How cotdd I have made such a very stupid mistake?" she said, with a short laugh. T suppose I was pursuing some train of thought. I bad met your con- Pin at a party the night before—yon know bow It is." Mrs Byrne was sorry for the girl's dis- "It is a mistake that anyone might "have ^flp -tuough you toast own that it was rather funny. However, I can assure you this—it won't get any further. Jack is scarcely likely to tell, and Grace has sworn on hear honor." •&&& laughed agaitumeaningiesdy. As far as .she was concerned, the world was welcome to know it now No deeper disgrace could befall her. "I wonder if he is shrieking with laughter, or merely scsk with disgust," the poor girl thought, when "her obtuse and amiable visitor had st last departed. "Oh. how I hate him, how I hate him!" which was hard on Jack, considering that bis conduct in the matter had been irreproachable. But Ethel was in no mood for justice. It seemed to her that she had utterly betrayed and disgraced herself; that never again could she venture to show herself in a world where Florence Byrne, Grace Allison, and, above aS, Jack Davenant lived, moved, and had tbeir being. Sick -with shame, hot and cold with oTipiiich, poor Ethel sat cowering in the great drawingroom .like a guilty thing. Sheastonished her family at dinner that evening by inquiries as to the state of -the-female labor market in Kew Zealand. Uncle Joe, a philanthropic parson, who happened.to he of the party, delighted to find his pretty niece taking an interest in so serious a subject, delivered a short lecture about it. Ethel sighed at hearing that there was so little demand for the work of educated women (save the mark!) in that distant colony; and "began to turn her thoughts towards Waterloo Bridge "Ethel funks on being an Old maid. She knows that positively any girl can lasoo a husband in Kew Zealand," her brother "Bob remarked, in a challenging tone. Ethel bore it with uninteresting meekness; perhaps she told herself, she was a "husband- hunter after all! After din- ner she put on her hat and stole out into the street She had been indoors all day, and could bear it no longer. The June evening -was still as light as day, and simple-minded couples were loitering with frank affection in the park. She had not gone far when she saw a large, familiar figure bearing down in'her direction. : "Oh. how I hate him—I hate him," She thought again, "while her heart beat with maddening rapidity."If he has a spark of kindness in him he will pretend not to see me." But Jade, for it -was he, made no such pretence. On the contrary, he not only raised his hat but came up to her with outstretched hand. Sbe put her cold fingers mechanically into his, and scanned his face; there was neither mirth nor disgust in it, and the thought flashed across her, chilling, while it relierved her. that be attached little importance to an incident to which she, knowing her secret, had deemed but one Interpretation possible. And then, before she knew what had happened, Jack was walking along by her side, pouring out a torrent of indignant reproaches as to her desertion of him in favor of Dicky Carshalton, at the Warrington's party. "It is you,** cried Ethel, with spirit, for the unexpected turn of affairs restored her coinage; "it is yon, Mr Daveiumt- *w3io were ^yniriwi to standby jand let old friends be victimised, without striking a blow in their behalf! Pray "what did yon expect) roe to do? "Was to have said, "Ko -thank- you, Mr Carshalton, I prefer to stay with Mr Davenantr' 'And, if you had eald that, would it have berautree?" Sbe changed her tone suddenly. "Dicky is such a bore! T ttiink I prefer anyone's society to his." Jack stopped short in the path, seizins both her hands, and looking down at her with stern and passionate eyes. "Ethel," said he In an odd voice, "it's no use pretending. Ton do think of me sometimes; I happen to know.it." She was looking up at him; bet at this allusion the sweet face flushed and dropped suddenly. "Ethel," Jack's deep voice sounded stranger and stranger; was he going to laugh or cry? and why on earth -did he speak so low—"Ethel, do you know what fjgnature I should like to see to your letters?" This was too mnch. "No, I don't!"—she lifted her flushed -face; the cruel tears shone and smarted in ha-eyes. "Can't you guess?" "So."" Ttbe momentary defiance had died; a Very meek whisper came.from the pale lips. 'Can't you guess?- Then shall I tell you Etbel? • 'Ethel Davenant"—that's what I should tike to see at the bottom of-all vour letters. Shall I ever see It?" "Jack!" Further explanation is needless. "When next they met Mr Caishalton -both Jack and Ethel were beyond the reach of his manoeuvres. "West Lothian Courier. Always give the morning meal warm, and as early as possible after the fowls come ^OIE the roost • ; Always improye your 1 poultry yard, and -also the stock yon fceep in-It at every.:ppportunIty.". iA eood"?>lrfl s talc»s no^nore iEeed than en: inferior woe, and theretom-ls more'Battofactory. 