The Dedication of Wesley's House. World-wide Methodism will heartily congratulate English Methodism on one of the latest and most interesting recent events in her history— the Dedication of Wesley's House in the City Road, London. The old house has stood for one hundred years and over, and has a profound interest for all Methodists, from the fact that for many years it was John Wesley's home, in so far as such an apostolic peripatetic may be : said to have had a home ; in it he spent his time during his brief visits to the great metropolis, and in it he died. For a. long series of years it was one of . the ministerial residences in connection with the City Road Circuit, but partly on account of the state of disrepair into which it had fallen, and even more on account of the stream of visitors which poured into it from all parts of the world, it was found utterly impracticable for it to fulfil that function any longer. There was nothing for it but to provide another residence for the minister, and this and the necessary expenditure and attention required by 'Wesley's House ' became a serious tax upon the City Road Circuit When the situation reached its most acute stage, Providence came to the rescue. The trustees of the Wilson St. property, in virtue of the power vested in them by the Trusts of the Model Deed, rdetermined to devote £500C- ;.--;-- of the funds at their disposal to the ? relief of the situation. Happily for all concerned there happened to be in charge of the circuit a man eminently qualified to carry through the whole arrangement, to a most successful issue. THE EEV. T, E. WESTEEDALE, the minister in question, is a gentleman . who carries about with him an immense' reservoir of energy. He is a man of considerable tact and business capacity, and has a full share of what is commonly called ' cheek,' and yet he does not. ; forget to show a sufficient amount of: judicious deference to those who have wealth at their disposal, without which, little or nothing can, as a rule, be got - out of them. So with a little reverential dunning he has done admirably in that direction. The whole thing has been.' carried through with a success which, has evoked general commendation and thankfulness. The old house has been thoroughly overhauled from roof to ! foundation. Every weak spot has been strengthened, and every dull spot enlightened. The rooms in which Wesley lived, laboured, and died, sacred and inspirational spots to all true Methodists, are in such a condition as ' will harmonise with the reverence and affection generally cherished for Wesley's memory ; and the wesley's eelios, consisting of furniture, which may stand as a reproof of this age of scamping and jimcrack, and other ? household necessaries, will have suitable accom modation, so that, visitors may see and study them. And best of all as Australian Methodists will probably think, every penny of the old debt has, been wiped off, no fresh debt has been, incurred, and there will be a certain annual income for the up-keep of ; the old house, so that it will not be a tax, upon the resources of the circuit. THE DEDICATORY SERVICES were splendidly organised and carried through. They were interesting and inspiring in the highest degree, and the names of the illustrious persons who took part in them are a gratifying evidence of the catholicity of feeling which prevails in the old land. The Church of England, Congregational, Presbyterian, and Baptist, and minor Methodist Churches were represented by some of their ablest sons, whose utterances did their respective Churches honour. The services consisted of a Sabbath Festival, comprising an early morning prayer- meeting, morning ser vice and sermon, an attractive young people's service in the afternoon, an evangelistic service following upon that for the young people, and at night another service, followed by a prayer meeting. The interest appears to have been well sustained throughout, and it was altogether a time of great blessing. That old man, eloquent — who holds a foremost place in the affections of the Methodist people everywhere — ' CHARLES GARRETT,' as he is lovingly and familiarly called, was the morning preacher. His sermon was founded upon Ps. cxviii. 25, and was a characteristically fervent and stimulating deliverance. Id was adorned with appropriate incidents and sparkled with earnest appeals to the heart and con science. The afternoon service was conducted by Dr. Bowman Stephenson, the George Muller of Methodism, founder of the Children's Home and its many branches and agencies. His text ?was — ' There was a man sent from God whose name was John,' and his theme was John Wesley. The address ?was admirable. The idea was insisted upon that ' God generally does His gr6at work by means of a man — not by a committee or a Parliament ' To the closing words of the address we may all say Amen ! ' God found the messen ger ; God equipped him ; God com missioned him; God made him mighty; therefore to God be all the glory. For the Church is not John Wesley's Chmch : it is the Church of the Living God. To Him, Father, Son aud Spirit, one God be blessing for evermore.' At half-past four in the afternoon the genial and well-known London Mis sioner, PETER THOMPSON, gave an address upon Mission work, in which he pleaded strongly that modern Methodism, and especially well-to-do Methodists, might do more of the kind of work that John Wesley did for Lon don and England more than 100 years ago. Peter Thompson is a man well qualified to speak upon the subject. He and his workers have fought a brave, strong, and fxpensive battle with vice in some of the lowest parts of the city, not without success. Mr. Thomp son, while an earnest and successful Missioner, is also secretary of the English Conference, Examining Secre tary, and a very courteous official too. THE REV. CHARLES H. KELLY, one of the most capable men in British Methodism, and a highly honoured ?ex-president, who is in charge of the English Book Eoom, and has recently made most interesting discoveries in the shape of early Methodist letters and documents preached a very admirable sermon in the evening on ' For I have much people in this city.' There was none of the mustiness of those neglected corners of the Book Room out of which the aforesaid treasures had been un earthed to be found in the sermon. It was well conceived, admirably arranged, and tersely expressed. The closing words of the sermon which consist mainly of a quotation from Wesley, may be commended to the Methodism of Australia. ' Shortly before his death, AVesley wrote some very weighty words : ' I am not afraid that the people called Methodists should ever cease to exist, either in Europe or America, but I am afraid lest they should ouly exist as a dead sect, having the form of religion without the power, and this undoubtedly will be the case unless they hold fast the doctriue , spirit, and discipline wiih ?which they first set out.' May God .help us to hold fast to these ' was Mr. Kelly's last sentence, and let all Australasian Methodism say ' Amen I' 'Monday's great meeting,' as the Recorder calls it, was remarkable for the noble array of speakers from sister Churches. Rev. T. E. Westerdale, minister of City Road, made a statement which he rounded off by reading the ' Standing Orders ' by which Wesley's House will henceforth be governed. As they may interest our readers, they are appended. ' Summary oj? Points Secured by the Endowment Fund. 1\. That the ili 5.000 shall be ' tied '. on Wesley's House and the Work oE God at Wesley's Chapel for all time. 2\. That the' distinction '-is to ha clearly drawn between the Chapel and the Work of God carried on in connection with the Chapel. ? . ? ' 3\. That -no part of the capital, forming ifchc Endowment Fund, shall ever be used, assigned, or transferred for any purpose whatsoever, c.ccejtt Vy the express consent of Conference. 4\. That the ' INTERES1V»INCOME ' shall only be .available for use. 5\. That Wesley's House shall never be let as a tenancy for deriving RENT income. 0\. That Wesley's House shall always be kept in a state of good repair and preservation. ? 7\. That in keeping Wesley's House in a good . state of preservation, the Trustees shall, on their part, bind themselves to make no structural alterations, but shall keep the House, as far as possible, in all its rooms, just as Wesley left it. 8\. That the first floor suite of rooms, known as Wesley's Rooms, shall never be used for domestic purposes. 9\. That the House shall be regarded, from the time of its. ENDOWMENT, as a Connexional centre, to which Wesley furniture, old Wesley an , Prints and pictures, and other Wesley relics, curios, . and literature, -fcc., may be sent as GIFTS or BEQUESTS to the Trustees of Wesley's ?Chapel, 'who, on their part, shall provide for their safe custody and preservation. . 10\. That the other rooms of the House shall be utilised, as the Trustees shall from time to time determine, in the development of the spiritual and aggressive work connected with Wesley's-.Chapel. .. ???,_., 11\. That any surplus Of interest; in any year arising from the Endowment Fund, not needed for the above objects, shall be used as the Trustees ' shall determine, in connection with Wesley's Chapel. 12\. That the Superintendent of Wesley's Chapel for the time being shall be the head . of ' Wesley's House,' and shall be responsible to the . Trustees and the Conference for the persons resident therein, and for the direction of their work. 13\. That the Trustees of Wesley's Chapel— which is a Connexional as well as a locally constituted Trust Body— -shall be the Trustees of the Endowment Fund, and shall be held responsible to the Conference for a faithful discharge of the Trusts therein involved. 14\. That if in any future time 'Wesley's House develops in all its available ac commodation . into a 'METHODIST MUSEUM,' then a charge for admission shall be made, and the Interest Income of this Endowment shall be entirely de voted to the development of the Work of . God at Wesley's Chapel. 15\. And finally, if urgent necessity arises, no clause in this Agreement shall prevent the Trustees giving assistance to Wesley's Chapel Quarterly Meeting, always pro vided 'that the controlling features of the Endowment— (1) Wesley's House, (2) the Work of God at Wesley's Chapel have been duly honoured. MR. R. W. PERKS, an eminent member of Parliament, lawyer, and higher still the son of a Methodist preacher very much beloved and honoured in his day, the Rev. G. T. Perks, M A., was in charge of the meeting. His speech was an ideal one. In a few appropriate and gracious words he welcomed the friends from other churches, and then launched out on the sea of Methodist history. Referring to former times he said, ' We were then a persecuted and despised sect,' and ventured the opinion that our com paratively slow growth in modern times may be traced to our immunity from persecution. ' When Wesley was persecuted by the arm of the law he fell back upon the strong arm of the Lord.' The meeting cheered this sentiment, but probably would not cheer the perse cution. DR. MDNRO GIB s ON, an able contributor to the Expositor's Bible, then delivered a speech full of brotherliness and catholicity, broadly hinting at the desirableness and possibility of the union of the Presbyterian and. Wesleyan Churches all over the world. Then came THE VENERABLE DEAN FARRAR, the representative of the Church of England,. In the biography of a certain Church of England clergyman, written by Dr. F. G. Lee, his biographer remarks, ' In the present shallow and unreal age it is the fashion, even with churchmen, to praise Mr. John Wesley and his labours,' and then goes on to express his satisfaction with the fact that the subject of his book was afflicted with no such weakness. Evidence is forthcoming in the following statement : ' John Wesley years ago corrupted and degraded the Cornish character. . . . With my last breath I protest that the man Wesley corrupted and depraved instead of improving the West of England ; indeed all the land.' Worse still follows, which we will not quote Contrast this with the following utterance of the venerable and scholarly and broad-minded. Dean Farrar : — 'And as for John Wesley, my own diminutive stature is not such as to enable me to place any wreath upon his forehead, but I lay it humbly upon the lowest part of the pedestal on which his statue stands I am proud to be here this evening to give my humble tribute, not of praise, for he was far above it, but of simple admiration for his great and glorious work. To him the Church of England owes an immeasurable debt, because he raised it from deadly torpor and shame ful inefficiency.' The small critics have already taken the liberal-minded Dean to task for his action in attending the Dedication, but all broad-minded Christians will agree that he did him self, as well .as the Methodist Church, honour thereby. The Dean had the excellent taste not to apologise to the outside world for his presence at this notable function, and we admire him for it. ALDERMAN JAMES DUCKWORTH, M.P., representing one of the minor Methodist bodies, gave an excellent address; It was another evidence, if an additional one were needed, that old animosities have died out, and their causes are being rapidly forgotten, and that the various Methodist Churches are prepared to work side by side in extending the Saviour's kingdom. DR. CLIFFORD, whom we have had the pleasure of seeing on this side of the globe quite recently, followed on In the course of his admirable speech he said : ' Some persons have spoken mistakenly of John Wesley as though he was a fomentor of strifes and a creator of schism. He is really a centre of true Christian' brotherhood, and a bond link ing the Churches together more tightly than ever they had been.' 'It is not necessary to know much history in order to see that you Wesleyans have no monopoly of John Wesley.' And further on, 'It was given to the Wes leyan Church, through John Wesley, to contribute the strongest possible argument in favour of the broadest interpretation of the Atonement, as being held and taught without the slightest derogation from the real Deity of Jesus, without the sapping of the soul's consecration to personal holiness, and without quenching the fires of enthusiasm for the salvation of men.' Such an utterance from a leading Baptist, a Church which fifty years ago was almost exclusively Calvinistic, is matter for devout thankfulness. Per haps it is partly explained by a subse quent statement of the doctor's : ?? You laugh at impossibilities, and cry 'It shall be done.' My grandmother was a Methodist, and used to sing that. I learnt it, and I believe whatever pluck there has been in my life has been due very largely to the way in which that hymn has got into me.' After short speeches by Mr. Kelly and Dr. Stephenson, having relation to the ' closing confession,' this splendid and historic meeting came to a close. On the Tuesday an old-fashioned Love Feast was held ; it was well attended, and proved to be ' a feast of fat things.' DEDICATION DAY was commenced with a memorable prayer meeting, which commenced at five o'clock a.m. There were repre sentatives from all the neighbouring circuits, and a wealth of prayer offered which must have told upon the spiritual atmosphere of subsequent meetings. At 7.30 there was a Sacramental Service at which there was an exceptionally large attendance, and the Ex-President gave a very spiritual address. Then came the Breakfast Meeting at 8.45 a m., and more speeches ; one by the REV. N. CURNOCK, EDITOR OF THE ' METHODTST RECORDER,' containing very interesting facts con cerning Wesley's House. He said : On Sunday, August ' 4th, 1870, John Wesley slept in the Foundery for the last time. With a touch of quite pathetic regret Wesley said that for forty-one years the Fouudery had been his home. Of what changes and dreams --. providences displayed, and secret conflicts, ' about which no one knew save God, ; had that old shattered Foundery been the scene ! As a matter of fact Wesley never had a 'house. It was true that there was a dwelling-house by the Foundevy, but that was given over to London preachers who lived in it a kind of community life, while Wesley and his mother, and afterwards his sister Martha and brother Charles, occupied rooms above the great band. room, behind the Foundery. The house, was generally thought of as built coincidently with Wesley's Chapel, but it appeared that was not strictly the case, as it was not ready for occupation until eleven months after the opening of the Chapel. The foundations of both the Honse and chapel were about as bad as could be. Resting \ on _ piles or baulks of timber, the draining of the old moor lands led to decay, which incurred enormous expense in the restoration of the chapel six years ago. There were two incidents, one of which was of importance, because it fixed beyond any possibility of doubt the room which John Wesley ordinarily occupied as his bed room. On Saturday, December 30th, 1780, John Wesley wrote in his. Journal that he saw a bright light shining on the chapel, which he concluded was probably a fire in an adjoining timber yard. If that were so it would soon have laid them in ashes. John Wesley' first called the family to prayer, and on going out found the fire a hundred yards off with the wind at south ; but the wind fortunately changed to west and drove the flames away. At the close of the year 1784, at three o'clock in the morn ing, two or three men broke into Wesley's house through the kitchen window and took away 'some silver spoons, though the whole damage done scarcely amounted to £6. Wes ley's House in the City Road, like the Foundery, was also the home of most of the London preachers. It was a curious community life rendered necessary in part by the stern pressure of poverty. Everything; had to be done in the most economical way possible. Although Wesley himself only occupied the three rooms on the first Hoor, he ruled the household as he ruled the Conference and . the ' whole of Methodism. Much has been said and surmised concerning John Wesley's' death, but it was impossible to believe that he died in his own bedroom ; and the universal tradition at one time was that he died in the front room. In conclusion Mr. Curnock said : ' But far and above all these relics, intensely interesting and precious as they are, I think of the house and its history, of the man and his manner of life, and there come to me out of the long past the words of the very L'ord whom he loved with so passionate a devotion, with such extraordinary zeal, ' My house shall be called a house of prayer for all nations.' (Applause). At 11 o'clock DR. PARKER, whose early connection with Methodism has always seemed to influence him in the direction of friendliness, which can not be said of some ex-Methodists, preached a sermon. Space prevents its re- production, or even an extended characterisation. It was very character istic, and the close very touching and beautiful. The Recorder says : — Dr. Parker's sermon, notably in the manner of its preaching, magnified the mercy, the tender pity, the throbbing compassion of the Bible. The passage on the supernumerary minister, and especially the illustration, bor rowed from David's last battle in which the captains shouted to the Philistines, ' Long live ? the King 1 Let the King live for ever I' and in the intervals of their shouting whispered to the king, ' Thou shalt not go out again to the battle, lest thou quench the light of Israel,' simply dissolved strong men in tears. Mr AValford Green should reprint that passage and send a copy to every member of Society. If Hie Methodist people could have heard the passion ol' the shouting of the captains and the pathos of their whispers there would be no further trouble with the 'Worn-Out Ministers' Fund collection. Luncheon followed the sermon. A large number of guests assembled from all parts of the Kingdom. The Rev. C. H. Kelly presided, and gave a gracious welcome to the guests. In referring to the presence of Sir H. H. Fowler, he said : 'He is the first* Methodist who has had a seat in the Cabinet, not the first Methodist who has been a member of the Government. SIR WILLIAM ATHEBTON was another ; not the only son or grandson of a Methodist preacher who has been in the Government, because even in the last Government there were at least two grandsons of Methodist preachers. One of the most interesting lay figures ? of the occasion was this prominent Methodist statesman, THE EIGHT HON. H. H. FOWLER. Most Methodists probably know that he is the son of a Methodist minister, and the only Methodist preacher, save Wes ley, who died in Wesley's house. At the time of his death he was superinten dent of the City-road Circuit, and also Secretary of the Conference. But for . ' his . lamentable death he would have been raised to the chair at the next election. His illustrious son has been thoroughly loyal to Methodism all through, and has taken a very deep and commandin«ly intelligent interest in her affairs. He is in many ways a remarkable man. At the time of his election as the mayor of the important midland town of Wolverhampton, he was THE YOUNGEST MAYOR IN ENGLAND. After serving a long and useful muni cipal apprenticeship he was elected a colleague of the Rt. Hon. C. P. Villiers, for many years father of the House of Commons, to represent the town as junior M.P. He soon made his mark in the House. His maiden speech was on the question of 'The Exclusion of the Bishops from the House of Lords,' and in favour of exclusion. It was a very fine effort, and it was recog nised by the Tim.cn newspaper as having raised the debate to its high level. If; attracted the attention of ? JOHN BRIGHT and other leading statesmen, and Mr. Fowler from that time until now has been a power to be reckoned with in the House. He is further remarkable as the first solicitor that ever entered the English Cabinet ; and there are not wanting signs that he may in the com paratively near future become the first 'Non- conformist' PREMIER OF ENGLAND. Years ago, when he was quite fresh to the House of Commons the Spectator, probably the leading journal of its class in England, discussed his name in con nection with the Premiership, and were told by the Methodist Recorder that at the moment he was delivering his speech in connection with the Dedication and in the course of its delivery, solemnly warning the Methodist Church against interference in party politics, both the- aforesaid Spectator, a paper largely dominated, we believe, by Church of--England influence, and the Daily Chronicle were discussing Mr Fowler as the only possible leader of the Liberal Party. In introducing him to a Congregational Assembly many years ago, the chairman remarked that Mr. Fowler was ' born with a tongue in his mouth.' In reply, Mr. Fowler 'rejoiced that that anatomical feature was perfectly normal.' There are few how ever who have so eloquent a tongue. He is recognised as one of the most eloquent members of the British House of Commons. Mr. Fowler's first position as a Cabinet Minister was that of President of the Local Government Board. He amply justified his selection for this position by MR. GLADSTONE, by passing through the House the Parish Gouncils Bill, which so largely affected the domestic affairs of the Kingdom that it met with most strenuous opposi tion. Its passage involved almost herculean labour, and almost unlimited labour and tact. It was recognised on all hands as a great triumph for Mr. Fowler and the ministry. MR. W. T. STEAD, who spoke rather slightingly of Mr. Fowler in the early part of his political career, has recently delivered himself as follows ; upon him and his colleague Mr. John Morley ' has fallen the burden of maintaining that fervour of moral indignation which was the distinctive note of the platform oratory of Mr. Gladstone.' We cannot forget that Methodist blood runs in the veins of both. We have dwelt rather long upon Mr. Fowler's name, but we believe Australasian Methodists will be glad to read even this much of THEIR NOBLE BROTHER across the seas. Dr. Rigg once said that Mr. Fowler could not help being eloquent, and the speech delivered at the Dedication may be held to sustain that idea. Without attempting an exhaustive analysis, the closing paragraphs may be most earnestly commended to the atten tion of our readers, and especially to those- readers- whose actions seem.eonae times to imperil the political neutrality of Methodism in these Southern Seas. I do not think the President of the Con ference will disapprove of what I am going to say. « It is this, that Methodism must never be a political organisation. You may depend upon it that our strength, the strength of num bers, the strength of institutions, the strength of men, aye, and you cannot despise it at the present day, the strength oil money, and strength of political influence, in one sense of the word, in the sense that political power is diffused over a large number of people by whom Methodism is influenced — that very strength is a clanger. We may say, looking at this magnificent machine, ' How desirable to put it on the side we think is right ; what a blessing to the world -it would be if only our people could come in.' -Now I am a very strong party man, -Mr. /Chairman,- and I am not ashamed of it. I am ready to fight for my political opinions anywhere and everywhere, but 1 do- not want Methodists , to help me to fight for them. (Applause.) I know men, far better Methodists than I am', men who have done 'more and suffered more for Methodism; men who understand it more, who have lived long lives in it and adorned it by their lives, who hold totally different, opinions from me. They have a right to those opinions, and they have as much right to' say the world would be better if their views were adopted as I have to say T think it would be better if my views were adopted. But I wanfr to say that .there is a large section, of religious public opinion in this country determined to keep out of the political fighting, no- matter how it is con ducted. Mind you, it. will never come in its nakedness: It is too much ashamed for that. It will always come well adorned,, and always under most alluring and captivating circum stances : but, and I say it again, Mr. President, with all respect, the first line of defence to that question is in the Methodist Conference. The Methodist Conference must hold the balance perfectly level. If it inclines either to the one side or the other the people will begin to do the same, and, while I would uphold the opinions which were expressed in the Methodist Conference many years ago, at the time of the large extension of the franchise sixty or seventy years ago, which was that there should be a recognition of various other great aims in the political world, anil while I would also never forget that there may come times — I do not think they have come very often — at all events the illustration I am going to give my better informed hearers will be able to coirect me upon — but the one case which seems to me to have justified our fathers in doing as they did, to my knowledge, because my father was at Leeds at the time to take a prominent part in the very celebrated meeting of the Society at Brunswick Chapel, which took place as to the part which Methodism was to adopt at the then forthcoming election— it was on the slavery question — Methodism was bound to put everything else aside —Liberal, Radical, Tory, anything you like, to got rid of the crying sin of slavery, which was a burning disgrace to the nation and to the Church. But those occasions are very rare. The politics of to-day are politics on which, as I have said just now, good men on both sides are alike- entitled to hold very strong opinions, and there is no absolute wrong on one side or the other. I therefore take this opportunity, Mr. Chairman — it is a rare one — of saying just those two' words of caution from one who is himself outside the especial Connexional and denominational work, and inside the very: world to which I do not want you to come as a body at all, from which I hope you will for ever stand aloof. After the Methodist statesman came Dr. Parker, who is described as ' A METHODIST PREACHER NOT ON THE MINUTES.'' Dr. Parker 'willingly accepted the designation Methodist preacher ; and subsequently the President claimed him as one of us, and declared that ' we simply lend liim to the Congregation alists. ' The dedicatory sermon was appro priately preached by the President of the Conference from Judges v. 1-3. The reception held by the President was thronged so much' that the President was ' completely exhausted.' There was a pleasing interlude to the day's business, during which the opportunity was taken to present well-merited addresses the Rev. C. H. Kelly and T. M. Harvey, Esq.. the Treasurers of ;the Centenary Fund. After this came the final public meeting, which was a most inspiring function. It was most ably presided over by the witty, original and perenially fresh, President of the Conference — THE REV. W. L. WATKINSON. Mr. Westerdale, like most men of his class, has a sneaking regard for whjat savours of the dramatic, and at one stage of the meeting, after making an able and lucid statement showing the position of affairs, he gratified, his taste for the dramatic, not to say sensational, by handing a cheque for a very large sum, covering a large proportion of the whole amount that had been expended, to the President. Now, if there is an enemy of the sensational in the British Conference who is more so than any body else, it is the present President. He took the cheque, put it into his pocket, declared that he never felt happier in his life, and expressed his intention of sticking to the cheque. His attitude, his words, the whole situ ation was intensely amusing, and there was much good-humoured laughter, which evidently reached screaming point as he declared it to be his inten tion to occupy the chair ' as far as my limited gifts enable me.' Those who know how nearly the English President comes to Euclid's definition of a line will appreciate the reference. At this meeting the mnch-beloved and sainted Dr. Gervase Smith was represented by his son, SIR CLARENCE SMITH. His speech was chiefly reminiscent, and very interesting. One item has special interest for Australian readers. In referring to some great services held in the old church, he said : 'I remember that very famous occasion when this chapel was said to have attracted a larger number of persons than it had ever held before or since that famous occasion when Dr. Jobson preached the funeral service of Daniel Draper, who ivent down in the London in the Bay of / Biscay. Sir, those ladies of the congre Ration who did not faint before that 3ervice was over, were not in the fashion.' The speaker told of his first introduction to the venerable Thomas Jackson and Charles Prest, (whose first words to him were, 'Well, young fellow, how long is it since you were brought home by the police?') of frequent visits to his father's house by William Morley Punshon, who im pressed him by the evident desire that he had to be loved ' not for his gifts but for himself, and it was impossible not to see that he earnestly desired the affection even of his friends' boys ; ' of the good (and what perhaps is not as generally accepted) and GREAT EARL SHAFTESBURY, who came to sympathise and help in a. scheme for reaching some of the lowest in London by Methodist agency. Then came a spicy little story of a certain class-leader of City Road who was always late in collecting and paying in the subscription from his class. It would appear that the proper officials, the society stewards, had given this brother up in despair and delivered him over to the superintendent minister to be taught better ways. This august functionary therefore summoned him. into his presence in the vestry, and with marked and severe emphasis said,. 'Now, Brother Barker, you know what. I want,' referring of course to the unpaid class subscriptions. . To the intense astonishment of his superinten dent Brother Barker looked him in the face and replied, ' YES, SIR, MORE GRACE !' The next speaker is one who is always welcome on Methodist platforms and in Methodist pulpits, DR. R. F. HORTON. He is one of the strongest of the younger men in Congregationalism. His published utterances on the much discussed subject of Inspira tion, caused some little flutter and anxiety in ' orthodox ' circles, and were somewhat severely, and as we think, successfully handled by-Div Joseph Parker in his admirable little book, ' None like it,' which we venture to commend to the younger brethren. ' Dr. Horton's speech was admirable in matter and tone. It, is evident fromtha speech that the doctor had studied John Wesley and Methodism to excellent purpose. In speaking of Wesley'c relation to William Law, he says, 'I do not know whether you remember that in early days he had a certain leaning ? towards an excessive intellectualisrn, and that one of the most charming episodes in the relations of John Wesley and William Law was the occasion when the great and learned non-juror exhorted John Wesley not to attempt a philo sophical system of religion, because, as he said, philosophy iu such a connection, is unnecessary. The Christian religion after all, is a simple thing, and can b& expressed in a sentence, ' We love Him. because He first loved us.' ' We would that Methodism had more closely followed the views of William Law in this particular. There is a judicious mixture of grave and gay in the speech, of which our spdee will not allow us to give examples, but the close of th& speech is so admirable, so timely, so necessary, that we give it verbatim, and trust that by all our readers it may be devoutly and prayerfully considered. The most important contribution which Wesley l'as made to me personally, and to those who work upon 'my lines— I refer .-?- to- Wesley's teachings on the doctrine of Christian perfection. (Applause.) Amongst my choicest treasure is this little book, whieh is called ' Entire Sanctificatlon.' I suppose everyone in this place to-night knows it almost by heart,, and I suppose that few oE you bearing the honoured name of Wesley would -venture to retain the name of Wesley unless you sought to practise the teachings of that little book. His. teaching upon that subject is to ine so sane, so winning, so convincing that I have often wondered whether any Christian could seriously read the book and remain in doubt concerning the doctrine. It was John Wesley who. first taught me to understand that Christian per fection is a goal to aim at, and, in a certain sense, to be achieved, and that all is summed up in the supreme and perfect thought of the love of God shed abroad in the heart by the Holy Ghost.' And I am touched beyond description in sitting on this platform to- night by looking at these little medallions under the gallery. I do not know whether this was Wesley's idea — ('Yes') — but it is evidently the very heart of the Wesley whom I love and honour. He . has put within the reach of his eye when he stands in the pulpit, hovering over the heads of the people to whom he would speak, bearing up, as it were, upon its wings, the people crowding to the roof of the chapel. He has put the sacred emblem of the Holy Ghost — (hear, hear) — he has put there the little twig of peace, and has suggested the thought to all that our ministry is nothing unless it fills the hearts of the people with Divine love, and enables them not only to love one another, but to carry the olive branch of the Divine peace over the troubled waters of the world. (Hear, hear). And I feel that in this Chapel of John Wesley the whole thought of Christian perfection, Sanctification by the Holy Ghost, must be a theme so familiar and so dear ? that surely I should return from this meet ing with a better understanding oi! its mean ing. ' aii'cl a -readier inclination . to follow its dictates.' As I read this little book of Wesley's, my Methodist friends, what n strange passion it creates in the soul ! What thirsting after the living God ! What- eager longing to be clean, not only on the lip, not only in the hand, and in the foot, but clean in the foundation of the heart. What a suggestion it gives of that Divine possibility, and* -that gracious purpose of our Lord and Saviour who designed to cleanse His people from their sins. I have many things that encourage me,^and must have encouraged you during this meeting ; 'but every year I live I attach less importance to these outer encouragements. 1 am less con cerned to see a crowded building, less concerned to see an overflowing coffer, but more passion ately concerned to find out how our hearts may be crucified with Christ, and how we may become sanctified in word and thought and deed, so that all the world may know the meaning of our Redeemer, and may see the record of the Redeemer written in His regener ated Church. May that chief blessing oE John Wesley descend upon this great gathering assembled to-night. in Wesley's Chapel. (Loud applause.) THE REV. H. 1\ HUGHES, M.A., was the next speaker His name is well-known to Australian Methodists and indeed to Methodists the world over. The reasons for this we will not at present discuss. Mr. Hughes would not nave been present to tell the tale lie told so well had his own idea been carried out in relation to the Methodist preachers. He once declared that every Methodist preacher who had arrived at the age of forty should be shot. When he had himself reached that age some of his brethren proposed to him that the idea should be followed in his own case, but he declared that he had raised the age indefinitely. Mr Hughes is audacity incarnate; he knows every thing; is infallible in his judgments, predicts with illimitable confidence the course of events, social, religious, political. His attitude towards our Indian Missions and missionaries a few years ago was cruel. A careful student of the whole case will, we think, come to the conclusion that what Mr. Findlay said at the time was justified — tuatour Indian Missions and missionaries had been sacrificed in the interests of sensational journalism. 'We should think much more highly of Mr. Hughes if he would occasionally retract. But 'we have never known him to do it. That greatest father of the Christian church, Augustine, sat down in his old age to write his ' Eetractatives.' If Mr. Hughes ever does this faithfully, he will write a very large volume. In the much -read ' Methodist Idylls,' . there is a story called ' The Mellowing of Jesse Stellard,' and there are not -wanting signs that the mellowing of Hugh Price Hughes is in process ; may it go onto perfection! His speech at the Wesley House meeting was a most admirable one, in its delivery his fine qualities were brought well into play. There were beautiful bits of autobi ography interspersed. It must have been very touching to hear him describe ihe way in which he used to get off his little pony while riding to appointments over the Welsh Hills and kneel down and pray that God would there and then sanctify him, and that such prayer was prompted by reading on pony-back, ' Wesley on Entire Santification.' This was followed by an impassioned declaration ' at this moment with all my heart I do intensely desire that the will of God may be done in me 'and through me and by me I have no human desire or ambition of any sort ; God, who knows all things, knows, except that I may be used as He would use me now !' This is gratifying evidence of ' the mellowing of Hugh Price Hughes.' Then follows an im passioned appeal to the Methodist people to consecrate themselves, ' as Wesley consecrated himself definitely and whole-heartedly,' to the service of God. The closing courtesies brought the meeting and the series of remarkable services to a happy close. The Presi dent described the day as having been full of '? power and pleasantness.' The Eev. T. E. Westerdale announced that the financial result of the cele bration was £1165 Is. 2d. The Doxology was sung, and the proceedings ended. May the Dedication and its services be fruitful in pleasant memories and happy inspirations to universal Methodism ! The Eev. W. McCallum, at the Gunnedah Church, made the Dedication of Wesley's House the subject of a Sunday morning's discourse under the topic of ' The Mecca of Methodism.' After referring to some analogies be tween the Mecca of Islam and the City Eoad of Methodism, followed by a description of the events of the Dedi cation services, which are embraced in the foregoing sketch, Mr. McCallum referred to the Dedicatory gathering as I. ? FULL OF HISTORIC INTEREST. The crowds assembled within City Eoad Church on this notable occasion must bave frit somewhat as Moses did did at the burning bush. ' Aye, it is holy ground ! How by asso ciation, thought, and speech there must have come up into the chambers of their memory the man (Wesley) his personality, his associates (Charles Wesley, Israel's sweet singer, and the other kindred spirits whom he gathered round him) his work with its toil, in cidents and success, his death and the church called by his name and now numbering about 30,000,000 ! Every inch of the ground is instinct with association and full of historic interest ! Well do I remember my pilgrim visit to our Methodist Mecca a little over two years ago. Passing from Smithfield with its' sombre association of martyrs, I entered Aldersgate' Street, where somewhere Wesley, on hearing Luther's Preface to the Epistle to the Eomans, felt his 'heart inwardly warm,' ex perimentally realising for the first time the power of Christ in his soul ; and then on to City Eoad Church, prying into its every corner, and viewing its every relic, and standing in Wesley's pulpit. What associations cluster round Wes.ley's House ! The grass-plot where Charles' horse used to graze, while he was inside penning a hymn so helpful to the people called Methodists. The three rooms known as Wesley's, the front room in which helived, the back room in which he died, and the little chamber leading out of it into which, when at home, he used to enter every morning at four o'clock to pray. The furniture of those rooms — bookcase, chair, writing- table, chest of drawers, clock, teapot, etc. ^ II. ? IT MADE FOR SPIRITUAL UNITY. All the Churches were represented. ' The seven stars we read in the Revelation of St. John, are the angels of the seven Churches, and the seven condlesticks which thou sawest are the seven Churches. . . . These things saith he that holdeth the seven stars in his right hand, who walketh in the midst of the seven golden candlesticks,' Here, I think, we have a fulfilment of of these words. The angels, or ministers of the Churches, bringing their light, helping to add lustre to a great historic occasion, whilst the great Head of the Church walks amongst the lights, rejoicing in the fulfilment of His own prayer, ' That they may be one as we are one.' All the speakers vied with each other in their expression of, to quote the words of one of them, ' veneration for the sacred memory of Wesley, first as a leader of the great movement which has resulted in the world-wide Methodist Church of to-day, and also as one of the great apostles of the Church Catholic to which we all belong.' A great and prolonged ovation was given to the Deau of Canterbury when he rose to speak. His speech did honour to himself and to the great occasion. 'I do not much care,' he said, ' what the ecclesiastic critics will think of my speaking for the second time in Wesley's Church. . . We want not uniformity, but unity, spiritual rule, and not inflexible regime ; holy freedom, and not the hard effimin. ating tyranny of religious dictation. .... Some of the most glorious and enduring work in these centuries has been done by men who did not belong either to the Greek or the Eomah cr the Anglican fold.' In proof of this the Dean cited the names of John Bunyan. John Howard, Elizabeth Fry, John Williams and William Carey. In the closing courtesies the Eev. Charles Kelly said : ' I am quite sure that the fact of the appearance on this platform of the gentlemen who have spoken, is a great historic fact ; it shows the essential unity of Christian people., and that the day has gone when men will attempt — To prove their doctrine orthodox By apostolic blows and knocks. III. ? IT WAS MIGHTY WITH INSPIRATION. The personnel, the associations, the object of the gathering, the speeches, etc., and the crowds must have been a great inspiration — an inspiration cling ng to the memory, like the incense on the garments of the high priest, long after the celebration is over. Dr. Jenkins spoke of it as a grand day for the aged — for the memory of the past — a grand day for them to look up at the gallery of great men that they them selves have known, or with whose history they are connected and familiar, and it has been a grand day for the young — a grander day for them than us. A layman said, ' It was a red-lette/ day with us.' The Aresident (Mr. Watkin son) said, ' We must all feel that this has been an extraordinary day, full of power and pleasantness.' In conclusion it may seem a far cry from City lload Church to Gunnedah Church, yet we too by this recital this morning (for we are part of the great Methodist family) may have our interest awakened, our desire for spiritual unity strengthened, and our inspiration kindled, afresh in the work of the Lord. 