MISS BESSIE. A Postman's Stobv. Yes, sir ; I have carried the Barnborough nails for thirty yearn, seldom oiisMng a day. \- Hitid work 1 You are right, air. In and nut of ltedhill twice a day, winter and sum mer, in all weathen. Half-au-hour'a walk lo Barnboroush station from the town, and a delivery round of more I ban five miles. I tiave lo tramp over twenty miles, sunt-bin« or ruin, nvrry day but Sunday. ? But in these times I nib only too glad of t!iet work, nrnl thankful lo our young post ?uaiter for keeping me on at my age. Yea, I set) a great deal of oilier people's jny.B and Burrows, t-o. as I ro from bouse to house.. I bavo seen many a bright eye grow brighter, and red lip; smile sweetly, at the sight of familiar handwriting; and I am al ways glad to be (tit bearer of good news. But I have seen a pale face grow suddenly paler, and the lips quiver pitifully, and sometimes a flood of tears which could not be repressed, at the si^lit of a black-bordered envelops. But, (o my way of thinking, the saddest of all in whea one wntcb.ee and waits, and iooks £ «ag«rly for the letter which never comes. ;? It wens to dip. a great deal easier lo hear a .sorrow or affliction when we know just what it is goiug to be, and just bow much of a harden we have to bear ; but, sit, it is the eugptuse— (lie not knowing — (hat kills. You aee that house over yonder — that pretty white cottage with the lilac trees in . front i Will, 1 was witueiB to a romance which was enacted there a couple of years ?go— just jib romantic as any novel that I ever heard of. But,. then, ' truth is stranger than fiction' sometime!, you Vcow. A widow lady, Mrs. Wilson, lived there— a refined, genteel old lady — and her dough tor, Miss Bessie. She taught in Barnliorough CUurcli School — a hard, dreary life that mutt be. . I 'tad met the young lady frequently coming to and from the school house, aud had thought what a cheerful pretty little thing she was. A delicate-looking girl, with a fair com plexion, and such brown, earnest eyes, they seemed to look right through aud read your thoughts, and make a p)«n feel like trying to livoJJBUer. Every niOrniug, when she came d'-whihe gravel walk to the gate, on her way to the school, she was almost certain to tee me, and she would wait .until I came, and bid me good morning so fiweelly, and ask carelessly if (here were any letters for them. But they seldom received any. Oue evening I saw Miss Bessie walking, witb a gentleman. I knew him a little. His uaiue was Jnhu Keen, an ' he occupied some position in connection with the General Post Office Police Inquiry Department. I knew that the authorities at St. Marr.iu's-le-Graud spoke very highly of him, and that he' was a great 'favorite ; *tn& lha future looked bright' enough 'Tor young Keou. Aad I wu glad when I found that he often went dona ,*'t nights from bis .lodgings — which ' were a mile or so oo the way to the London »&d; Brighton station — to tho cottage, for 1 4iad. somehow grown strangely interested in the Wilsons. One day I hvard that John Keen had been selected l»y (lie heads of (lio service to go out lo Ireland to fully investigate some irregulari ties which bad oocurred in the Ulster district. I wss'glad of it, for! felt sure lie would get to the bottom of. the mutter. . He seemed so clover at ferreting out things. I Jid.QOtisee,Bi;s»ie for a w.hoje jieei? after that; but one. morning there she was stand ing ;»t the gate awaiting my approach, her face pale, and Anxious. ' Any letters 1' she cried eagerly, as soon si she had'1 said good-morning. I knew that there' was, for I had noticed a large sqn&ra;^nyelope .addressed to ]-er in a bold, ; baudsone hand, with the post- murk, 'Londonderry.' I was not long in deliver ing it, and oh, the look she gave J After that I used to bring her ii letter witli that same post-mark every week ; and the sl ? ways looked so cuntented and happy, that when, at last, one morning T drew near the Wiltons' gale, and saw a slim, neatly- dressed .figure awaiting top, I hesitated to approach, for I knew that I had no letter for her. A shade of nisi fill sad noes foil over her {?cc m I »»id. ?» cheerily as I could : 'Nn.- letter, to-day,. Hits BeBsie,' and I oouid jiot. help adding, ''Mayhe it will come to-morrow.' . . She smiled sweetly. 'Qn~, ??««;? it willroniB lo-tnorrow,'1 sIir cieil ; and as I hurried on I said lo tuyself, ?' I liop* it will,' But I hnve seen so miioh pirting and never niiflitig oo tlii* earth, or «UBi'tii-(? like strnii liors, «1ii)h is worsp, you sec, Uict somehow t tearrj «U was over betwuen thrui. There was no'Ai'lwr On' nexi d«y, or tho r.ext, and so on {or dnys und days. Mis« Bessie was alnays V «l Ii-.t pos', 1-;ii she grew so thin «nd pn,le th»tl htrdly knew bcr; and I would just iib«ke my head »nd hurry by, ana so 'aif WftHs^ that there wMajoJigpe, ? ii s Oue day, as I was passing the Oottig!?, I *rw ft mecBeng«r bey from th« telegraph office «tandtDg*t ihe eafe. ThBh Miss fiessie tan ^uicMy aowti the i*Slk^|d^»s| m X^me i'aj she si'ieed^heaujfilopeahd forest open' ; Such* Jook on *er white faco4 8uch™* bparl-br.iken cry ! Then she tnltered » «np forward and fell to tlie^rouria like One 'dead,' I, could not help seeing the telegram ; it was like afl sbch messages — brief and to the point. They knewiiow to Btab the poor heart through. Ti-.ia wa« 4he aieasege ; ? ? . : '? Jobn Keen was drowned three days itgn in Lough Foylc' That was what it said : and my heart bled for the poor girl lying there, white and still. I rang the bell and her mother cime ogt. Miss Bogsk' was restored to conBcipusneas, *i)d, pals ss a gh'tst, talked into -the house, leabitig upon hor mother's arm ; but joucnulii see that ell the light had gono out of her We. Mra. Wilson wrote at once to the man who had sent the. telegram, requesting particular?, sod soon retwived s reply ^stating that Mr. Keen, wlio had been mis'ing tor 'some time, was last seen in a best on the Lough, and finally a body had been w»Bhed up near Color sine, so mutilated as not to admit of identifi cation ; but in a pucket a card had been found, bearings name which looked like '-f. Keen,' but was almost obliterated by the water. When I saw Miss Bessie again she was dressed iu deep mourning, and looked as if she was .not long for this world. One day I foaod in uiy bag a iargs busi ness looking letter addressed to Mrs. Wilson ; aud sonn they told rue the good news which it coutuined. A relative had died leaving them four or five hundred pounds ; and I think that I was as glad as they were, for they seemed like old friends (o me. Not long after Mrs. Wilson decidod to giro up the cottage and take Miss Bessie to Brigh ton for a time, hoping to restore her health, which was Mljng rapidly. An impulse prompted n-o to ask 'fortheir seaside address. We might get a letter for them, when I should wish'to gtt it forwarded at once, so thpy gave me the address of the lodgiug where, they expected to remain for some weefeB. One day, over a mouth after, as I was pass ing the cottage — it was still unoccupied— 1 siw a gentleman slaudiug at the gate, and as I drew nearer my heart gave a great bound, and then stood still, for dead or alive, it was John Keen ! . _. He held out his band in a friendly way. ' How are you, Mr. Jarris?' he said. ' Perhaps you can enlighten tne as to the wliereaboats of the lady — -Ttfrs. Wilson — who lived here before I went to Ireland V u But— but,' I stammered out, ' are yon really alive?' Ho looked at me 09 though he thought me an escaped lunatic. So then I began Bnd told him everything, just as I have told it to you,, sir. His face was quite white when my story was finished. . ' Poor Bessie !' I beard him whisper softly to himself. Then he turned to nie. ' Mr. Jarvia,' he said, ' let me tell you I was sent away on a delicate mission, in the interests . of the postal service, and . it was necessary that my movements should be guarded abd my investigations secretly con ducted. And then I wrota to Bessie, explain ing the situation, and telling her that she must not be surprised or troubled if she did pot bear from me for a week, an 1 had pro mised to communicate my movements to no one. ; Tvo'month» afterwards I returned from the expedition— successful, too — and I learned that the waggon with the mail bags from the country town from which I had last written iiad'bseu attacked, the driver kilted, the mail robbed of all valuables,, and the letters scat tered to the four winds of heaven. ' When. I reported myself to the Belfast: Office, tb« authorities there were frightened half out of their, wits, thinking. nie a ghost. For, as I had been obliged to keep' my plans secret, they knew little of my movements ; and the body of a stranger, 'supposed to be an EuglUd gentleman, baring been found off the coast, horribly mutilated and quits unrecog nisable, they had come to the conclusion that the unfortunate individual was the missing inspecting official from St. MartioVle-Grand. 'Perhaps they had some reason for the hasty decision, for a card bearing my name was found in one of his pockets.. But I did not know before (I suppose they were afraid to tell me) that they had gone the lengih of telegraphing my death to Miss Wilson, whose address they must have found in my desk at the Londonderry office. ' But, (hank heaven .' it was all a mistake, and here I am, snfe and sound. Prosperous, too; for the Potttuaster-General has recom pensed me handsomely for my . successful ser vices; and with an increased salary I am fj-ee to marry a» soon as the little woman is ready.' . - ? What »? pleasure it was, to.he sore, lo (elo graph at once to Mias Bessie, simply saying: : ' Good nsws ! Come to Barnborough im mediately.' Aud what 11 scene was that meeting ! . The weddiug took place in good style, not long afterwards, for John would not hear of ,beinj{ separated, from Bessie agaJD ; and— what do you think 1— I was the first to kiss the bride ! 