W IMPORTS . By J. O. B. Several persons employe I on or near the Tam worth waterworks have lately seen two ghosts — a woman in white leading a child in deshabille. It is doubtful if even Tamworth is justified in attempting to acclimatise in Australia some of the most useless productions of the Cosmos — particu- larly as all previous attempts have failed. Headed by Fisher's ghost, there glides across the colonial stage a long procession of shades, each one war luubtiu. geiiiuuc, tsuuu pruveu uugug. i\3w countries are ill-adapted for apparitions. Take the latter away from ivy-mantled towers, crumbling ruins, hoary castles, &c;, and they're not the ghosts of their former Belves. And the ghost of a ghost is about as unsatisfying as a dream within a dream. Anyway the white lady of Tamworth and her spectral brat should have put in an appearance a couple of years ago, before Mr. Stead told us all about wraiths. Then they might have found a fitting place in an instructive book. Coming so late aB they do now, there's little chance of their getting much beyond the local paper — unless they reach the police court. * ? * * * After the recent show of the Blayney Agricul tural Association there was a smoke concert, where the judges — to an accompaniment of song, and cups, and hiccups — were told what right good fellows they were. Then up spake Mr. W H. Paul and said : — ' I accepted the position as judge of saddlery and boots * but all I had to award prizes to \tfere horseshoes.' Mr. Pearce, another umpire, followed. His commission was to judge fruits and flowers. But as there were no flowers (for competition) and the fruits had been forgotten the office was a sinecure. To tell the quality of a eaddle or a boot with nothing but a horseshoe to go upon is by no means so easy as it appears. Similarly to decide between flowers when neither the rose nor any other blossom is there requires a keenness of perception granted to few. Deep down in the bucolic brain there is a special and subtle nerve of humour. * * * * The A., H., and P'e show takes place at Buthurat in a few days. Preparations are on a generous scale. £20 has already been voted for pyrotechnics. The first concert is to be preceded out of doors by the simultaneous unfastening of numerous balloons, each 50ft. in circumference. Superficial persons might fail to discover any special connection between a balloon and a bravura, except that both require a good deal of skill in handling properly. Still, if the Bathurst on. * * * * In a letter to the ' Herald ' Mr. T. A. Smith puts his thumb on two sores on the system of Sydney open-air music. They are the absence of seats and the presence of horse-play. Both could be readily remedied. A email charge would attract chairs ; a big policemau restrain rowdyism. Rowdyism, perhaps, is too harsh a term to apply' to the youthful exuberance that confines itself to noisily romping round the selvedge of the crowd during the daintiest passages of Mozart aud Bellini. All the tame, from a maEic-lover's etandpoint it is exasDerating to hear a choice and well-remembered movement struggling with a feu-de-joie of adoles cent yaups. Such accompaniments are not fair to the dead composers— they don't do them justice. Don Giovanni was not a desirable acquaintance, nor was Poliio above reproach. But they might be permitted to sing their solos through brasB ana reed without interruption. In Australia the world not only belongs to the young, but they seem to have taken possession of their property. * * * * A dead body having been found away on the northern border, the ' Richmond River Herald ' announces 'recovery of a corpse.' This is the only authenticated instance since that of Lazarus. Details have not yet come to hand, 60 that at present it would be premature to say what par ticular brand of ' corpss-reviver ' was employed, Wherever sugar abounds in Australia there will be found beverages of sufficient potency to revive anything short of an ichthyosaurus of the quaternary period. * * * * At Nhill (Vic.) a tangled question has arisen. The town possesses a wooden church free from debt. This circumstance alone is sufficient to arrest attention. During a recent blizzard the edifice was twisted endways. Tenders were at once called for to induce it, by means of crowbars and screwjacks, to resume its former position and point to brighter worlds in the old way. Mean while another blizzard arrived — possibly the pre vious one, which had turned round to Bub edit its own work — and the fane was not alone untwisted but made to assume a position of respectability and upright ness to which it had long been a stranger. To attempt further renovation in such circumstances would be to paint the lily. The tenders were all rejected. And now the contractors insist on their bill ; and the oaths that are heaved at the temple of Nhill (likewise at the blizzard that couldn't keep still) are potential, exuberant, pointed, and shrill. The affair is curious and instructive. * * * * The recent engineering and electrical exhibition in Sydney was indifferently patronised. Mr. Cruickshank, the president, attributed the slender support to the popular love of sport. He's pro bably right. Plummet never sounded the depth of Austral affection for this giddy goddess. Con tinuing, Mr. C. said we were behini many Euro pean lands in technical education. Further, that even if the popular idea of one Englishman's superiority to two Germans was true, it was a physical not an intellectual fact. Droll to tramp through London or Australasian slums, observe the multitudes of weedy humans, and say they were physically ahead of the men that marched under the Arc de Triomphe headed by Moltke. What must the French have been ? Recently some high British politicians visited Germany to look into this technical business. Their eyes were opened so wide that they've not since been able to shut them. On their return they told their country men with pardonable emphasis that, without a mighty effort, insular commercial supremacy would soon become a memory of the past. ' Edu cate, educate, educate, or you're lost ' — such was the burthen of their song. As Henry Norman observes in February's ' Cosmopolig,' — 'We have been fat too long, and lazy too long, and rich too long.' * * * * At a late country ball a New South Wales goldfields warden regarded his lithe partner with an intensity perilously approaching the confines of rudeness. He had a dim consciousness of a previous meeting ; but whether in the present existence or in a previous one was the puzzle. She, however, was in no way embarrassed, but met bis steady gaze with the candour of innocence. . Unable to stand the irritating uncertainty he at last broee out with a respectful ' Surely we have mst before !' ' I should think so,' responded the damsel with aplomb ; ' you sent me up for three months for sly grog-selling. I'm out a week.' Tableau. * * * * The stump orator, like the poet, iB born. No manufacturing process known through the ages will make him if he doesn't possess the divine spark at the start. Even when his mission is clear, his stump broad, and his tongue active, ho has to put up with much. At Hobart, for in stance, the other day, he was having a high old time, chopping up society and casting the frag ments to the winds. At last he demanded huskily but meaningly : — ' How am I to prevent the fat man from stealing bread out of my mouth r' There was a pause. ' Keep it shut ' came from a slave in front. The impossibility of following such counsel while wrongs had to be righted never appeared to strike the guffawing crowd. * * . * * The ' Gootamundra Liberal ' is severe on Li HurgChang, the Chinese G.O.M., because ho has ordered his coffin and put gold clothes and opium in it for the rapidly-approaching voyage. But not so long since every British soldier leaving the United Kingdom for India was put under stop pages for a coffin before the ship was clear of the Channel. In Sydney some time ago might* been seen an old chap who'd already pr? - ~'J home Government for three ' piners, '#s'-* of which he had left untenanted. Besides, ifcis a dangerous thing to laugh at the funeral rites of any land without first looking at home. Come to think of it, it's not quite safe to make game of any national observances before examining your 