Sunlight Flashes. Thbodoii the Wire. Sydney, Wednesday. Mr. Lyne, this afternoon, gave notice of a motion to the. effect that tho federal question should be dealt with by a con ference of the various colonies, after which the seheme agreed upon in a spitit of mutual compromise shall be submitted to the people for acceptance or rejection. The Premier took Mr. Lvne's motion ns one of censiiret and the House adjourned at once until to-morrow. Mr. Lyne pro poses to submit the late Bill in an amended form to the people, the amend ments to bo agreed to by all the colonies. The Labor party held a meeting for the purpose of discussing the federal resolutions, but adjourned without ar riving at any definite conclusion. It is understood that the party may determine to propose a number of amendments; In tho Assembly, Mr. Rose's motion in favor of the abolition of the Public Works Committee was, after a lengthy discussion, negatived on the voices. I Air. Sydney Smith was presented with . an illuminated address aud purse oF sovereigns by citizens of Bathurst yes- - terday. A modification of the. -QueenshuuV ; tick quarantine regulations will release two millions of cattle from quarantine. The Victorian Government intend; borrowing £2,000t000 for railways aud other public works. A terrible massacre has occurred at the Solomon Islands. The natives attacked the trading schooner Sea Ghost. - ' Tho captain was butchered* four sailors made a desperate fight but were Soon overcome and the vessel was run ashore,' looted and burned. The captain's body was thrown overboard. The remains of ? the four of the crew wore taken to the village for the cannibals' feast. / The Treasurer will probably ask the House for a month's Supply Bill at the end of the present month. All the De partments are busy preparing tho Esti mates. . Mr. Varney Parkes has been returned unopposed, but an opponent has come, forward against Mr. Hogue for the Glebe seat. ' Mr. Frank Clarke's action in retiring in favor, of Mr. Barton is generally commended by all sections of the com munity outside the Ministerial ranks. Mr. Lyne says Mr. Barton's presence in tho Assembly would undoubtedly strengthen the Opposition, although the Ministerialists say that a fourth of the Independent party will not fight under Barton. The Ministerialists wilt not considey the question of any opposition to Mr: Barton. The latter will take part in to day's Opposition caucus. A great battle has been fought near Obdurman, in the Nile country, between tho British and Egyptian troops on one side and the Dervishes on the other. Khalifa, the leader of the enemy, had 35(000 mon, and he attacked the British and Egyptian troops, but was repulsed. The Egyptians dispersed the Dervishes, and Khalifa fled with his panic-stricken army, followod by British cavalry. Tho, British gunboats on the Nile shelled the fugitives. The British liberated 150 prisoners, one of- them being a German merchant who had been in captivity since 1887\. The British lost 100 men, their allies, tho Egyptians, lost 300, and the enemy lost heavily. Hvnxrnv Tl,nra,l»»l Soon after the Assembly met yester day Mr. Lyne gave notice of the motion mentioned in a previous telegram. The Premier in accepting it as a motion of censure said he could put 110 other construction upon Mr. Lyne's attempt to reverse the whole policy of the Gov- 1 crnment. Ho declared it was a serious situation and could only make confusion worse confounded. Ho considered the amendment was a direct challenge, and unless he had a majority behind him lie did not care to hold . office any longer. Tho debate on Mr. Lyne's motion will be commenced to-day. Mr. Lyne says that his action has Mr. Barton's cordial approval. Both he and Mr. Barton believed that the proposed action was the only practical way of obtaining fed eration within a reasonable time. It is expected that the debate will last three weeks. Mr, Frank Clarke's resignation has been handed in and tho scat declared vacant. Tho nomination is fixed for next Thnrsday, 15th September, and the polling for 23rd September. At the inquest on tho victim of the George-street tragedy yesterday, Lisson appeared very unconcerned, but became excited as tho inquiry proceeded. He called Sergeant Broderiek an infamous liar, and said I10 did not want any evi dence as he nover pre-uieditated murder, Tho jury returned a verdict of wilful murder. Mr. Lee has been returned nn-opposed for Tcnterfield. Messrs. Barton, Lyne, and Crick framed tho motion which Mri Lyne tabled yesterday. Ministerialists express no anxiety about the result of the motion, which tlioy regard as the outcome of Mr. Lyne's desire to assert himself prior to Mr. Barton's entry into the House. Many members say it should not have been treated as a want of confidence motion. The government expect a majority of about six, reckoning 011 the support of at least three members of the Independent party. At a banquet to Mr. W. H. Traill, last night, Mr. Barton received quite an ovation, and ringing cheers wore given for Mr. Clarke. Mr. Barton said he did not care whose hand carried the Federal flag along, so long as they got federation. During tho bombardment of tho Khalifa's place at Omdurman, General Kitchnor and his staff were nearly killed by their own shells. _ ; J . A sorious conflict has taken place in if Creto between Turkish and British jJ soldiers, soveral being killod. The | British Consul was slain, and tho dis- -' turbanco was only quelled by a British gunboat which shelled tlio town of Candia. By tho collapse of a Uridgo ovor the St. Lawrence River in Canada, 100 workmen foil into tho river, 30 being j drowned, , ' Yv 1 