VICTORIA. ARCHDIOCESE OF MELBOURNE. DAYS OF DEVOTION. Friday and Saturday next, being the Feasts of the Patronage of "St. Joseph and of St. Barnabas, Apostle, respectively, will be days of devotion. THE PATRONAGE OF ST. JOSEPH. The Feast of the Patrcfiage of St. Joseph, which usually occurs on tha third Sunday after Easter, will be celebrated on Friday. 10th June. In 1871 Pius IX. placed the Universal Church under the patronage of St. Joseph, the foster father of Our Lord. CORPUS CHRISTI. The great Feast of Corpus Christ! will be celebrated on Thursday nest. In 1264 Urban IV. ordered tlie feast to be celebrated throughout the Universal Church on the Thursday following the first Sunday after Pentecost. This is the greatest feast iu honour of the Real Presence, and the Blessed Sacrament on this day is carried in solemn procession. In Catholic countries kings and princes take part in tha procession. THE ARCHBISHOP AT BI1INDISI. On Tuesday last the Very Rev. Dean M'Kenna, V.G., Adm., received a letter from the Archbishop of Melbourne, who was, at the time of writing i2Stli April), at Brindisi. The voyage from Albany to the latter port was a pleasant and enjoyable one, aud his Grace said that he was to leave for Naples on the following Saturday, 30th April. Consequently a letter from the Archbishop, who most likely is now in the Eternal City, may be expected very soon. ST. THOMAS OF AQCIN SOCIETY, ST. PATEICK'S CATHEDBAL. At a meeting of altar attendants of Melbourne and suburbs, held in the boys' v as try, St. Patrick's Cathedral, on 29th May, it wrfs decided to celebrate the Feast of St. Aloysius by receiving Holy Communion in a body at the 8 o'clock Mass on Sunday, 26th June, and to ask the Very Rev. Dean M'Kenna to have religious instruction and Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament in the afternoon at 3 o'clock. All altar attendants who can possibly attend are requested to be present on the above date, with their own soutans and surplices. ST. PATRICK'S SODALITY OF THE B.V.M. The weekly meeting of the Sodality of the B.V.M. took place on Friday evening, 27th ult The chair was taken by Mr. Laird, In the unavoidable absence of the prefect, Mr. J. Calder. The item on the syllabus lor the evening was a debate on the subject of federation. The discussion was opened by Mr. B. Hoare, who said be was a staunch supporter of a federal union of tlie colonies, aud had been actively engaged in promoting the causiJ for years past. He was, however, decidedly opposed to the measure now before the country. He bricCy aud lucidly dwelt upon the various defects in the proposed scheme, and declared that its adoption Tvould not be con- duclve to the welfare of the Commonwealth. lie fully admitted that the bill, from a democratic standpoint, possessed many excellent features, but asserted that these were considerably vitiated by the crude and hasty manner in which some of the most important provisions of the bill—notably those dealing with finance-had been framed. He, therefore, urged that further delay was desirable, in order to permit of a more suitable measure being framed. Mr. J. W. Wallace spoke in support of the bill, and contrasted the many liberal provisions contained in it with those of even the very best constitutions of other countries. He strongly deprecated Hit idea of further delay, and he thought 1 that the destinies of the various colonies might be safely entrusted to the wisdom and patriotism of those who would be elected to represent the whole people in the proposed Federal Parliament. Mr. Joseph Fitz- . gerald criticised the bill, and pointed out several serious defects in the measure, which, lie contended, should be remedied before the bill was submitted to the vote of llic people. Several oilier members having addressed themselves to tlie subject, a vote was taken, which showed a decided majority in favour of the bill. The meeting then adjourned. ST. JOSEPH'S, COLLINGWOOD. Special services were held in St. Joseph's Church, Collingwood, last Sunday in connection with the blessing of the new, handsome presbytery, Otter-street. Before Mass the Very Rev. Dean M'Keuna, V.G.. Adm., performed the ceremony of blessing the presbytery, being assisted 111 the function by tlie pastor (Rev. I'. Phelan) and Rev. J. J. Egan. The pastor and his people are to be congratulated 011 the acquisition of a tine property, which will always be a valuable asset of the mission. Through the courtesy of the pastor, a. member of our staff was afforded the opportunity of going through the building, which is admirably suited for the purpose for which it is intended. There is ample accommodation for Fr. Plielan and his assistant, Fr. Egan. The grounds are being laid out, and when this work (shall have been accomplished nothing will be wanting to make the presbytery one of the most commodious and comfortable ecclesiastical residences in the suburban area. At 11 o'clock High Mass was sung by Fr. Plielan, in presence of a thronged congregation. After the first Gospel, the occasional sermon was delivered by the Administrator of the Diocese, who chose for his test tliSse words from the Gospel of the day :— " But the Paraclete, the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will send in my name, he will teach you all things." . . . The preacher said that the words of his text indicated the mission given by the Holy Ghost to His Apostles and their successors in the Church of God. Those who, previous to the coming of the Holy Spirit, were weak and fearful, thenceforth became courageous in preaching the Gospel of Christ. The first sermon of St. Peter converted 3000 people. The special mission of the Holy Spirit was to guide and direct the successors of the Apostles and to keep the Church from all error of doctrine, according to the promise of Our Lord—" He shall teach you all things, and bring all things to your mind, whatsoever I shall have told you." The Holy Ghost descended on all good Christians in whose hearts dwelt sanctifying grade. It was said in the Scriptures that the Holy Ghost was sent by the Father and the Son. The word sent had given rise to what is known as -the Avian Heresy- Arian denied the equality' of the Holy Spirit with the Father and the Son, saying that the fact of the Holy Ghost having been sent by the other two of the Divine Persons of the Holy Trinity implied a degre of authority and superiority over the Third Person. The apparent difficulty was easily overcome, but heretics, as a rule, did not desire to be enlightened. The more the truth was placed before them, so much the deeper did they sink into the mire of unbelief. The Holy Ghost was the love of the Father aud the Son, from whom He proceeded. He was sent by production. As Christ had said to His Apostles, " If I go I shall send him to you." Thus it was that the Holy Ghost was sent to perfect the work of Christ>-to remain with His teaching Church till the end of time, to keep her from all pestilence of error and corruption. In various parts of.the Old and the New Testament texts were to be found indicative of the equality of tiie Holy Ghost with the Father and the Son. At times the Holy Spirit visibly manifested Himself to men. He appeared in the form of a dove at Our Lord's Baptism in ftie Elver Jordan, and on the Day of Pentecost, under the form of toiigues of fire, at which time He gave „thc Apostles tne gift ol' tongues, thereby thoy ir«ve enable'd to preach the Gospel to every race of men. The Holy Giioiit conferred the gift of faith in the conversion of an infidel, the gift of sanctifying grace in the conversion of a sinner, and conferred sacramental grace on one already enjoying actual grace. As the Holy Spirit bestowed on the Apostles all the helps and graces they stood in need of, so would He do in regard to Christians who placed no obstacle to His descent into their hearts. He would give them all the graces required for the proper fulfilment of the duties of their state of life. The preacher concluded with a brief reference to the progress of the Collingwood mission. They had a truly zealous pastor in Fr. Phelan, whose sole care was to labour for the salvation of souls, and to advance the interests of religion by every means in his power. Fr. Plielan was aided by a generous people, and was ready to admit that without their generous cooperation he would not have been able to bring so many efforts to a successful issue. After the purchase of the presbytery there remained only £1500 011 the mission, and that amount he (Dean M'Kenna) feit confident would soon be paid. He desired to congratulate them on the progress of the Collingwood mission. The appeal was renewed in the evening by the Rev. J. J. Malone (Essendon), and about £110 was received, the principal contributors being the Vicar- General, £20 ; Fr. Phelan, £25 ; Fr. M'Carthy, £2 2s. The choral arrangements were excellent. A .specially augmented choir, under the conductorship of Mr. H. B. Godwin, rendered Gounod's Messe Solennelle. The principals were Mrs. Lorrigan and Miss Deviue, and Messrs. Mullen aud Godwin. At the Offertory Mr. E. H. Edmonds sang Millard's Ave Veruin, and at the collection Mr. J. Sutherland Rossini's Pro Peccatis (Stabat Mater). In the evening Mrs. Lorrigan and Mr. II. B. Godwin rendered Rossi's Tantuin Ergo, and Miss Mary Godwin Gordon's Ave Verum. MAY FAIR, CLIFTON HILL. The May Fair in aid of St. John the Baptist's Church, Clifton Hill, was brought to a. close on Tuesday night after a successful currency of three weeks. There was a very large attendance on Monday night to witness a second performance by the pupils of the Christian Brothers, East Melbourne. Their entertainment included part singing, dramatic recitals, gymnastic drill, instrumental selections, the whole concluding " With scenes from " La Tete Touruee." On Tuesday night a grapliophone concert was given, aud the art-union was drawn. The winning numbers appear in this issue. FANCY FAIR AT YARRAVILLE. On Monday evening a fancy fair was opened in the Yarraville Hall by Mr. J. Cumming, J.P., in aid of St. Augustine's Church, Yarraville. Amongst those present were Eevs. J. Manly (pastor) and R. S. Benson (South Yarra), Mr. J. Cumming, J.P., Commissioner J. Stewart (Harbour Trust), Councillor G. Hills (Footseray), Messrs. D. Newell, D. Mitchell, W. P. Smith, etc. Fr. Manly, in introducing Mr. Cumming, said they all knew the purpose for which the fancy fair had been organised. Some four years ago they had to celebrate Mass and have catechism on Sundays in the public hall. They then decided to erect a building which would serve the twofold purpose of a church and a school. To that end the committee set alibut the- building of the present structure on a site in their possession, but on ".'inch there was a debt of £140. The erection of the building and the incubus on the land involved them in a liability of £900, of which sum £400 had row been paid off. It,would thus be seen that £500 was due on the church, to liquidate which the present movement had been organised. At the unanimous desire of the committee, he had invited Mr. Cumming to open the bazaar, and they could not have chosen a better gentleman to perform the ceremony. For many years Mr. Cumming had been identified with the progress of the district, ana for the substantial assistance rendered by that gentleman to the advancement of religion and education the Catholic people of the Yarraville mission were deeply grateful. (Applause.) There was no resident of the district whose name was so associated with works of charity as that of Mr. Cumming, and by assisting them that evening he had placed the Catholic people under a further obligation.' He had much pleasure in calling 011 Mr. Cumming to declare the bazaar open. (Ap. plause.) Mr. Cumming, who was received with applause, expressed the lively pleasure, and satisfaction it afforded bim to be present that ev'fening, and to , render whatever little us&fttance; he Could towards making the bazaar a \- success, (Applause.) Fr. M^nly had . explained the object for whjcla the lifi;;aar was being held, and he would content himself with declaring _ the bazaar opened. (Applause.) Mr. Newell had much pleasure in supporting the remarks of Fr. Manly in reference to the great, services rendered to the Church and the district lv Mr. Cumming, and he had much pleasure in proposing a very cordial vote of thanks to that, gentleman for piesiding. (Applause.) Mr. Cumming made excellent use of his means, and was known to all as a generous supporter of works of charity aud benevolence. (Applause.) Cr. Hills seconded the vote of thanks, which, on being put by Fr. Manly, was carried by acclamation. Good business was done at the stalls, which were presided over as follows : —Yarraville stall,-Mesdames Rusliford and Toohe.v, mid Miss A. Murphy ; >St Augustine's stall, Mcsdames Hoga.u, Mallard, and Hunter, and the Misses Maher and Mallard : altar stall, Mesdamcs Quilty and O'Toole ; Footseray Children of Mary stall, principal, Miss Broph.v ; refreshment stall, Mesdames Ma long, Ileaney, a nd Langtou. During the evening some flue selections were rendered by the band of the Naval Brigade. The committee have arranged a good programme of amusements for each evening during the currency of the fair. RICHMOND CATHOLIC YOUNG MEN'S SOCIETY. An " At Home" engaged the attention of the members aud their lady friends on 25th nit. Portion of the hall was set out in drawing-room fashion, and a progressive euchre tournament was successfully carried out, Mr. M. Ileafe.v and Miss Archdeacon being declared the winners. There were about 00 competitors. A good programme of dances was gone through, under the direction of Mr. J. T. ICelly. Some good vocal numbers were rendered. GEEL0NG. (From our own Correspondent.) On Whit Sunday the novena to the Holy Ghost was brought to a close at Vespers. The devotions for the month of May were concluded at the Convent «f Mercy-by an imposing procession of tHe/'iCluJdrcii of Mary through the gt'ottMsT'and a reception of candidates. ; TJie ij.iont.hJy meeting of the promoters W ;tM' Holy League was held on Sunday. The Kev. E. O'Brien presided, and-delivered an appropriate address-.. r The president, Mr. J. E. Ferguson, presided over a fair number of members at last Monday's meeting of St. Mary's Young Men's Society. A number of nominations were received, and three members were adilitted. The local secretary of the Bendigo Literary and Debating Society forwarded a prize and cert ificate, won by Mr. G. Halpin in their recent literary tournament, for poem entitled " Charity." In presenting the prize to the winner, the president said that it reflected great credit on both Mr. Halpin and the society of which he is a member. The syllabus item for the evening was " Lecturettes." 