SATURDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1908. There is not doubt that Dr. Moritz Busch's "Secret History" of Bismarck —a lengthy notice of which appeared in our Wednesday's issue, and extracts from which we give to-day—will leave a bitter taste in every English reader's mouth. If the book were taken seriously, indeed, it might bring to an abrupt and unhappy close the new concordat between England and Germany which has just been reached, and which promises such happy results. The book bubbles over with hatred of everything English. It is true that it is the amiable Dr. Moritz Busch himself, and not Bismarck, who chuckles through a whole paragraph on Gordon's death at Khartoum, and expresses a pious hope that "Wolse- " ley's head might soon arrive in " Cairo, nicely pickled and packed"! It is true, again, that if Bismarck treats English royalties rudely—he de- scribes the Queen as "an old woman " fond of match-making"—he distils abuse quite as generously on German dignitaries. About all the kinglets and grand-dukes of Germany he says— " They are like flies; there is no getting " rid of them." He describes his own venerated Kaiser Wilhelm I. as pos- sessing neither grammar nor sense. He had, as he said, "seen three kings " in their nakedness;" and while he treated the kingly office as at least semi-divine, he was disposed to regard the occupants of that office with something like semi-contempt. But the hate of England expressed in the volume is blunt, frank, and bitter. It knows nothing of diplomatic reserve. When Bismarck wants to express his emotions about the English, he ex- claims, "What swine! They are full " of vexation and envy because we " have fought great battles here and " won them. What swine! . . . " They have always done their utmost " to injure us." Bitter words such as these are like the dragon's teeth of ancient fable. Armed men might spring out of them. But no one will take this latest book about Bismarck quite seriously. Its author—"little Busch," as Bismarck called him—was the great Chancellor's agent in dealing with what is known as "the reptile press;" and there is something reptilian in Dr. Moritz Busch. He has a venomous pen and a venomous tongue. He has a more than German lack of humour, and gall enough to equip an entire college of cynics. His woodenheadedness, his absolute incapacity for understanding a jest, and his impish delight in pure mischief, combine to make him about the worst imaginable interpreter of Bismarck. As he himself records, Bismarck said to him, "You must have " a thoroughly wicked heart; you are " delighted every time you hear " and can jot down a disagreeable re- " mark about somebody." Busch, in brief, had the appetite of an adjutant- bird for offal; and it is as unfair to judge of Bismarck from his "recollect- " tions" as it would be to deduce the character of a city from its dust-bins. Bismarck himself had abundant humour, but it was of the clumsy, Titanic, burlesque order, utterly be- yond the comprehension of Busch's reptilian mind. Thus Bismarck writes to him that in his first book there are " many gross errors of fact and con- " fusions of jest and earnest in the ex- " pressions and incidents upon which " you base your view of my supposed way of thinking." All this shows that Dr. Moritz Busch's "recollect- " tions" must suffer a generous dis- count before they can be accepted as giving a true picture of the real Mis- marck. Perhaps the most impressive and authentic sentences in the volume are those in which Bismarck sums up his own career. One Sunday, in 1877, says Busch, Bismarck sat in long reverie, and then began to say, with every sign of bitterness, that "he had found " in his political life neither pleasure " not satisfaction. He had made no " one happy by it, neither himself nor " his family nor anybody else." He continued— "There is no doubt, however, that I have caused unhappiness to great numbers. But for me three great wars would not have taken place, 80,000 would not have been killed, and would not now be mourned by parents, brothers, sisters, and widows. I have settled that with God, however; but I have had little or no pleasure for all that I have done, while on the other hand I have had a great deal of worry, anxiety, and trouble." When he uttered these words Bis- marck was at the crown of his career, the one commanding figure on the European stage. He had created a nation; he had broken the strength of Austria and France in succession. He had not yet tasted the humilia- tion of being thrust aside by a youth- ful Emperor as a worn-out tool. His ambition was fulfilled; his patriotic dreams were realised. And yet he finds nothing but bitterness in the re- trospect of it all! That is not a wholesome or natural feeling, and it is easy to distinguish the element in Bismarck's character which filled him with scorn of his kind, made even success a weariness, and left him, at the very crown of his career, soured in temper and sore in self-respect. Bismarck, in one sense, was the most unscrupulous of men. His ends were patriotic and even un- selfish, but he would stoop to base methods to gain his ends. He tam- pered with a telegram to bring on the war with France. In the present volume he calmly tells how, in 1866, when Prussia and Austria were trembling on the verge of war, he proposed to the Austrian Emperor that, instead of turning their arms against each other, the should both fall on France and dismember that country. "The French " were weak as compared with us," he explains. "There might be no just " cause for war, but we could plead " with the other powers that France " had acted unjustly in taking Alsace " and Strasburg, whence she had con- " tinually menaced South Germany " ever since." The Austrian statesmen discussed this cynical proposal in the calmest fashion, and rejected it for delightfully cynical reasons. "The " Austrian Minister of Finance said he " believed they would beat us, and he " must first of all get a war indemnity " of five hundred millions out of us, or " a good opportunity for declaring the " insolvency of the state." It was on that calculation that the Austro- Prussian war was fought and Sadowa lost and won! Bismarck, in a word, brought to statesmanship the temper of a cynic, and he reaped a cynic's har- vest—scorn of his kind, self-discon- tent, the sense of failure even in suc- cess. There is something which satisfies the natural human sense of justice when such a statesman, at the end of his career, has to confess that success itself has the flavour of gall in his mouth! Those who coquet with the super- natural may experience a fearful joy in learning that a world-moving tragedy like the murder of the Aus- trian Empress did not come un- heralded by mysterious portents. Be- fore leaving Caux for her fatal trip to Geneva the Empress noticed in front of her hotel a lady clad in white, with green bodice, who stared so fixedly and strangely that Her Majesty ordered her arrest. But the stranger vanished instantly, nor could hours of search discover her, and in great dis- quietude the Empress hurried her de- parture. That an apparition should vary its traditional garb of white with a green bodice somewhat affronts the sense of psychic propriety; but so the incident is reported. A further warn- ing was delivered at Caux by a raven, which descended upon the Imperial party, almost brushing the Empress's hair with its wings. Highly respect- able authorities forbid us to put such an omen aside to lightly. Lord Roberts, in his reminiscences, recounts that three ravens crossed the path of Sir Louis Cavagnari just before he parted from that ill-fated officer for the last time; and he felt a chill fore- boding, realised presently in the Cabul massacre. More impressive, perhaps, than the warnings at Caux is another manifestation which, according to the " Daily Telegraph," had been disturb- ing Austrial court circles since April last. In that month a pallid soldier on sentry duty at Schonbrunn related to the commandant of the guard that he had seen in a corridor a female form clad in white carrying a light. On being challenged it flitted away in the direction of the chapel. There is a weird legend, it seems, that a white spectre presages death or ruin in the Hapsburg house, which in that respect is circumstanced precisely the same as a multitude of other royal and aristo- cratic families. Even our familiar friend the banshee, of Irish origin, wails only around the abode of families of ancient lineage and pure descent. Tales of this kind belong to what may be called the stock superstitions of mankind. They have awakened the awesome wonder of the credulous in all ages. Dr. D. G. Brinton, in a recent article, points out that a belief in "disembodied spirits" whose ap- pearance either forecasts future events or reveals what is happening at a distance is common among savages of every clime. We know, on the other hand, that moderns find an eerie charm in discussing exactly similar manifestations, which afflict them with a uncanny dread, al- though, unlike the savage, they stoutly withhold their credence. Sir Walter Scott and Hannah More sat up telling ghost stories until they were both afraid to go to bed. Superstition therefore lingers as well as wisdom, and, we may take it, will linger. Al- though diminishing circles of votaries swear by the old forms of belief, the element of mysticism always survives, and is constantly challenging cre- dulity in new shapes. Science nowadays lends quasi-en- couragement to the pursuit of "psychic " research." When, as happens this year, the president of the British As- sociation is also president of the society formed for that very purpose, the cause of those who are investigat- ing behind the curtain receives a rare fillip. Sir William Crookes is a scien- tist whose "receptivity," to use a mild word, has led him to make awkward stumbles in the past. But he is not disillusioned, and in his recent Bristol address he distinctly averred that he could see further into the strange elusive phenomena surround- ing us that he could thirty years ago. References to "a region below the " threshold of consciousness" and to " subliminal processes" which teach the lessons of "alternating personali- " ties and abnormal states" occur in his presidential speech; while his belief in telepathy was unreservedly expressed. In the following rather startling passage this was named as the proper starting-point for future researches:— "It would do well to begin with telepathy; with the fundamental law, as I believe it to be, that thoughts and images may be trans- ferred from one mind to another without the agency of the recognised organs of sense —that knowledge may enter the human mind without being communicated in any hitherto known or recognised ways." When the president of the scientific parliament of Great Britain thus frankly gives in his adherence to one of the pet theories of Mr. W. T. Stead and his fellow "Borderlanders," we must not look for a decline of belief in the supernatural. "Sensitives" will peer more persistently than ever through the chinks of the closed doors; Mr. Andrew Lang will make an army of new converts to this own half- confessed faith in crystal-gazing; and the whole arcana of mysteries will be explored with fresh zest. Briefly put, the idea gaining countenance nowa- days among many cultured and intel- lectual people is that beneath a plenty- ful layer of imposture and charlatan- ism there is a residuum of the unex- plainable, and that it will not neces- sarily remain unexplained. The un- measured forces of which man is dimly aware may yet be measured and new laws discovered to account for much that has been hitherto relegated to the realm of the supernatural. Science, as represented by such thinkers as Sir William Crookes, recog- nises a mission here. It admits no limit to the scope of its investigations, and, in the words of the British As- sociation's president, would falsify the old inscription carved over the temple of Isis, "My veil no man hat yet " lifted." It is specially the business of science, according to this view, to pluck out the heart of every mystery. Should success ever attend these efforts, and all the strange phenomena over which men have thrilled and shuddered for ages be ascribed to natural processes hitherto uncompre- hended, one result may be that future generations will miss that tremulous interest in the supernatural which may find a positive luxury to the imagination. Familiarity will cause us all to echo Coleridge's answer when asked if he believed in ghosts—"No, " madam; I have seen to many of " them." Worse still, a materialistic explanation of all mysterious pheno- mena will render a whole body of de- lightfully "creepy" literature value- less. On Mondiv Hie President of Hie Lcgis htive Council vvlfl II.MIL I lint foi the clot tion of -i mcinbci to lcpiiscnt the Gipp»1 md Piovmee in tint Clumber, in Hit pi ice of Mi Sirgcnnt, re i.nctl Hie enid «liles incnlioncil ne Di George Mooie, of Moe «ho foniitih contcttel the seit Mi T Ilotlil nott of Doncwlh pirk Wodongi nul Ah J unes di iv of Warrigal I lit election will tile pi ice nbout the mi Idle of next month It vi is evident tint tho members of the 11 liles li ill Council ire anxious onlv to It .ni the truth nbout the »j stem of propoi tionnl voting fiom Ultu dome morn last ni_ht, when Piofessoi Nanson uddicssed them on thesubjcit lliev L,HI lum i tor ilml viclcrmc and II nio->t nttentive mid en coiirngin,. he-nine, mid frcqiientlj np phiided his ten ile ii demonstrations of the inequality ot the present inslcm, mid tho idv mt iges of the new Onli one m in appeared to lit loo dull to follow ind appro ei ile tho Retint mil iftei he It ni m ide one i two foolish intenupturns he ivis stopped b] the rim n I from someone neu lum, Uli in up lliovvn, jon «te spoiling u good thing Iho tipper House is olTcting voit a c,rind thing Propoi doini voting curies out tho pi stem of clcctoi-il equnhtj to mi extent of winch the Chartists hid no con «option when thev started then giund «oil -Piofesaol \inson I qttil tlcttorites do not melin electoril eqmlitv ^ on miiil bleak donn tho elec tot ii boundniies, bv whith von ire bound in like sheep m these sngle eleLlorilcs ' (loud cheon)-Pi ofessoi Nanson, at the Indes hill In txphn-ilion of Hie Hue sistem of vot nig ni inodilitd bv Mi Giegori, ot Mtl louine PiofcMor Minson hid piep-iied n t ibulated stilominl of Hit le-nill of in clcc don ni vvhith thcit «tit hit Ihitonito tin did item and hu Rtidites for Ino v le nicies ami tins he explained at the li ides li ill lit showed how, bv a sistein of in ithtnnli eil iittiuncv, surplus votes were lianufured fiom n candiditc who li id moic thin the quota lovllie other cnudid itcs in liciled bj tin voter who Ind less, until all vi tie used His method of nrnving nt tht quota v mes tomtuhiit fruin that hid down bv lime and H)I>I ted in the innen Imcut tabled bv Su limn \\\nxon, but in its pintie ii itsults it thlTcis vin httli llit t\|)Ilindon of HIL method of dividing the votes vii-, tloseh undintilhtenlli lollo«ed andsliowed tint IliciL is nolhing dillitiilt to undei stund in « intuition with it \t Hit tlosc of Hit ltcturc votniL, pipen iveie disti dinted md limled bl those pineal lind Hie it silt of Hit voting mil lu mule 1 uown tlirout.li the pie-is A he-ntv voit < f Hi ml s wits ntcorded to Ptofc->soi îiausou at the close of the proioedtne,., Om full it( oit of the lecluu has to be held ovci tlii-ont.Ii gieut piesaiue on spice 1 tom Hie nth Ivoveiubei the Kulwin de piiduciit piopnsc to ISMIO litkits nt holt c1 iv exclusión mien b> Hie last ti nu on tndav, iivailuble bj all trains on Sittu din, to all stations ovci 20 miles fiom Mel boiuiic mid intutible foi rettun till Hie foi lo« mg Mond i. 'Jht liidwiv depiitmcnt ha-, deculctl lo i educe Hie pine of the COO milo coupon titkcts to tJ/J/ lust class and two ¡.uniría second elis» With the view of mooting the deinind for Mnlleo lands, tho Minist« of brunis lins m ranged with tho cxoculoi« of the late Mi Andtcw Anderson foi the îesiimpCioii ot Mnlleo block 21A, coiitnining 111,000 nues, nom Waitchie, about 23 miles vust of Sw III Hill, mid to tho not Hi cist of Uil c ljuell Jins block nilioins the lind tccentlv sub divided by tho Landa depmtmctit, mid will be sen ved by the extension of the Qiinmbi took uiilwiy to Ultima vi Inch his been ntithoiiscd by Pmlininent Die Innd is io poi ted to bo of good quality foi wlient glowing, and it will no doubt be oisirlj souglil uftii Mi Hesl lins given nistiiic lions to huvo this block, us well tis the one ncir Like Albncutju, lesiiincd n few iinji« ago from tho Now /onlnnd l«oan md Agency Company, subdivided Into allotments of 0-10 ñores w itliout delny, with tho viow of throw ing them open foi nppllcntion. Complaints hnvo been, mnde In out columns timing the week nbout the dein) on the part ot the committee of creditors of tile Prcnuoi Permanent Budding Society ni submitting i lepoit to the general bodj of creditors Mr T G Wood, the «.ccie tiry of the committee, cNpinins tint the tiela) is not nttnbutnblo to the committee lint bodj thevv up n scheme promptly nnd submitted it to the liquidator. Colonel templeton, whoso npprovtil the committee nwnits Colonel lemploton lins been in fejdney for ovei a week, nnd the committee jesterdnj tclegnphed to lum, stating timfc tho ciedttois were uiiNioualj awaiting his decision Hie petition bj the Australian Widow»' 1 und J ife A=suiince Association foi the eonfnmntion bj the Siipicme Court of ieso luttons, nnssed bj the members providing for nitor itions in the memorandum of tis socntton ot the compunv, vv ¡ia returnable hefoic Jil Justice Hodges vestorday in the Pt íctico Court Hie general object of the iltei liions proposed 13 to (,1 vc the ussoem tion vv idei pon cr» of mv estment of its tunda md 1 widci scope for ita oper liions gener all} His Honoui considered the various pioposctl amendments seintim and in the main e\pies=cd his nppioval ot them but ?iiif,c,c»tctl tint ns to one 01 two further eonstdtirition might ho given anti that thej might be ngim submitted to his Honour for conltimahon Hie Attornev Gencril nnd Mi Wasley (instructed bj Mesura J ggle» ton and l^ggleston) nppeared in suppoit 01 the petition A dee 1 of sepni ation betsvecn llobert Tames \\\ right, of ïviclioioon street Sotitii Yann lulu iv emploje, nnd Maty Al in I Githeiine. his wife now of William street West Melbourne was the gioundwork of an action brou-ht befoie Judge Gaunt in the Countv Court josterduj Hie vvitc tinnietl 127/1/8 monej due to hei und« 1 cov enaiit continued in the deed of separa tinn which was ditetl Januarv 1 1898 by wh eli defendant agreed to allow her £3/a/ pur month provided, nnong othei things tint she icmlined chiste and til it she did not reside with the fiiuitlj or nnv of tho i dations of 1 man n une 1 1 roderick M C isl ci Hie defendant illegal that his wife h 11 biol en the conditions of the cove nant Much evidence was taken as (o in leivicws between the plaintilFantl M Ca»kei uni between pi mitin" mid Mrs MCisket m the course of which Mrs M C iskei who is a small worn in, uni who li id "one to pWmtili s house bec! tug foi hei bus I and cat 1 ¡the on one occasion gave the ollict n good thumping" Tudge G Hint held that the evidence showed tint the plaintiff li id been unchaste, and gave n v ei diet loi the defend mt with costs Mi kilpatrick (instiuctei bv Messrs Gdlott, liâtes and Mo 1) appcired for the pluntiff, md Ali \\\ II \\\ tllmnis (instructed bj Mr D Gaunson) foi the defendant I he sewer ige committee of the Alctiopo litin lion I oi Works Ins lceomuiendctl the following tendéis foi icceptance -feupplj and deliver} of gilvantsetl sheet non baths foi the period ending 30th lune 1S99 Hcnrv fn.^eia foi items 1, J, and 5, and hidford ititi Co foi items 2 nnd 4, at schedule 1 iles minufictuic, supply, nnd dchveiv of cast non anti steel manhole ven til 1 toi ml inspection shatt- eovcra for the ncitotl ending lune iOth 1899-Davies anti Hind foi items 1 2 ) 1 1 10 11 md 12 llennv Inlmsin for items 5, 0, 7, uni 14 and Smith Phillips and Divvson, for items 8 11 11 and 10 it »ehetlule ratea, supplv and tlehverv of eight hand li ticks, nt South Alelbouine store von!, D White, 150 Tin annual meetings of the Congregational luton ne announced for ne\t weel On Mondij cventiif, the munni sermon will bel 1 re ichcd bv the lim 1' T Kichmond On lueadiv, flic eli tit m m fe« the veal Di Ilev in, will tleltvet Ins addre s Ins subject being Christ s Jdcil-the kingdom ' On Wetlnesthj evening the annual festival will t il e plice Judge Ciscv vcis-teidav nonsuited the pliiiitiiT in the tase of kirby v the A ic ton in lùnlu iv Coniiin«sioncr, which avis begun in the Countj C ourt on 1 htirsdav Hie plunlifT Mrs k11 bj 1 widow of Svv in stieel Utiinlcv wiscluming ¿2,000 ilinn"ci fiont (ho Conimissionei is tom joiisitinn f 1 the de till of her diu.hter Mi s liiitlget kubv, who lost lim lift in 1 1 nlvv iv undent at the I'll cull tm nilw iv s id 11 n the ivcninc. of M iv 19 list At the c iniltision of pt linttfi ., ease Ali ]iti\ ipi lied foi 11 nonsuit \ftet kenine: u_u menta lutine C isev decided tint theio vvis no t ne foi 1 jim in iMiiuth is 111 Ins opinion no duty dev oh id upon Hie llulvv ij Cominisoionei to 1 tep lights at the enti ince Idling to the lnilw iv stitton or to keep ti t,ato at Uto lovel classing He thcteforo nonsuited the plaintiff with costs A stiy of seven d iv s was granted Mi AI'Aithui (tnstiuctctl bj Mes is (elliott 1 iles, nnd Mon) ippeiicl foi the ilmitiff ind Mcssis BON ind Cussen (instiacted bv tho Crown csohiitoi) for the defend mt Commis aionci 1 he inontlilj eoinnuttee meeting of the Wolluns llospittl vv is Mu vosterdtv tit the institution, the picsitletit (Mis Otc) 111 (ho chin llieie ive-e present-.Janet 1 tdi Cloke Airs Munee (neepresidents), Lui) Jicnj iititn Alis Don (lion treaauici), Mis Shields (lion sccictirv), Mcsdimes templeton îvtcolson lidcombe W S|iovvei-8 I Stephen Howes kelk Manlev, I C ivan Duflv, Sunniei Cresswell I horn kj 1 v king, A li nvev, Lindbiiy Millci nul \ iuclett Colonel I rllstein Ali W Midden Me srs II lemploton and W 1 kui. Hie following gentlemen weie ap 1 ointcd under the I J! Pi)no beque t is life ov01 no1 s of the inst hit on Misers I I W Pijne 1 1 I Pulu mid I V 1'iv in Hie bonorin solicitor Mi II templeton icpoiletlUnt in 1 lcsult of 111 inqitirv he hil fmmil lint the title t> the land on iv Inch (he hpit ti otood vv is i Gi own grant titled Tune 11 18SÜ Hie ni 1 nu ii tille deed hid lu on destimcd but thcic would be no dillitultv' in olitatning a (eitilie I coi v Mi W iltei Midden s ntl tint, with tcfcrenie to the election of mem ¡eistf the committee he thought tint thero was homo ti nigel in the present sjstein, inasmuch na the rejected ones might possibly resent their non-election anti mjtiri 1 e done to the institution He pioponcd that on the oecuircnce of nny such ctsti ii v icancj as is referred to in the bj 1 ivv No 17 it sholl bo Hie dutj of 1 sub ciiiuintteo consisting of the preoi lent the vice presidents and the lion lidv iseeretarj, to nominate, and foi the geneial committee t) appoint Hie most suitiblo tontiibutor to tho hospital ivadable until the neNt annual meeting ' Hie motion was lost It w is decided tint m future the n unes of pei»on« giving testimonials to 1 intlidates foi vacancies on the medical st-ifl be read anti not the test imoni ils themselves A leitet vv is leeeivetl from Mi A Scvinoui isl mer foi the pattoiitic,o of the committee fn the pioduction of Oi phills and 1 IIIvdito the piocceds to go towards the funds if the institutiun It w 13 detided to thtinl Mi Scvmour foi his oflei lint tint no neeuniniv tes] onsihihlv us to the leault could be til en bj the committee Hie fin ince committee recommended tint the consent of the genci ii eoinnuttee be i,iven to ti insfeiiing the I li Pivnc betitlest to tin Union 'liustec Coinpinv of Ans ttihsn and the lciomnieiiil itnn ivis adopted V. painting bv Davil Alum) A le. S I is been lent to the titistcos of the Nation ii Callen 1n Ali Wr li Wits ni und is now on view in the I/itiobe Gallen I he Padiviv Commissioner Ins accepted tile tendel of faults knight foi the lemov ii of (alehouse No 10 on the A lrriivvongi line ind le election ¡it Leslie st ition, the pneo being 100/2/9 ' vvkat Cuises the lient is the heading in the Dtulv Mail ' of Septembei ft to the following telegi 1111 from Pars - M 1 lam 11111 on the wellknoivn nslrononiir nmde I (,peciii c\munition the luvisv Obscivatorj, and iaund that theio wia 11 (.igmtiu Hjnt upon its sínfito at tho piest nt time Hie einmietet- ni tina ajiot ia 110 liss than 50 000 miles md is al toe,etl'Ci si\ times uti lillee tia Hie cttth« «uiftee lins spot, winch ia pcrfcctlv visible to the nil ed eve t li louttit smol oil g1 tss nilpena to he tiu»ing 11 violent pel tin li ition of the sohl «uri ice \djouung it uro othei tspots toiistituting dtotethei a eolosod gioup the lingtli of which is 11101 e th in 1)0 000 miles lins phenomenon M II immaiitm ena is the moie lemiilable fi oin the fact tint the sun is nppioiehing tho 1111111 na tut) in live seale of its uetivitj lie thciefori concludes that «onie icvoltifion of tin cNti 101 tlinan elm ictci is going on, and tint lins cuises the intenso heat non picv dent Meetings of the gcnciil nnd eNocutivo committees foi Mis Paliuei s compliment tin benefit conceit weie held at Cliveden on Wedin stlav afta noon J he bool nig of se its tepon lui was 1 eg titled ns most »itisf letotj, nnd plans were discussed foi ondeivouring to Beeilte the notice Hld ptitionage of the higo mimbil of people wlio inefei to pa) ut the dooi Jn addition to His IACOIICHCJ and I adv liasse!, the following have liso signified their intention of being present - Su John and bul) Madden, Lul\ Ohrle, the Hishop and Mrs Goe Janet Li Iv Ciarle Sir 1 lodeiielt and Lath Sng0ntl tho Spe liter and Mrs Mason, tho Min 01 of Mel lioiitne mid Mrs M I ich IIn, bil llnrllu and Uitlv Williams, isii lleuiv and I.Hu \\\iiNon, ns well as liiiiuj othei luomiiicat paoplo In consequence of the heavy book- ing, Additional rows of thalia huva been added since Hie pinn opentd the piojectod fur and mt union in md of St Vincent's Hospitd tontiiiues to lcccne suppoil which is mobt grit Fying to it-, pao motors, nnd its success now uppeuränssuicd On \Vediie»d ii a meeting vv n held it Mídame PinsclioCs lesidencc, Kew, «hen the following Indios formed themselves into un executive committee, with Al ninnie Pinschof is)«esident -Mis Jiiliengei, Mis Bude, MIS de Posse!, ¿In «It Binai, Mrs mid Miss Bj me, Mis md Jins A-h ton, Mis Jlmtison, mid Mrs M'Cuth) O'Leai) 'Hie next meeting for Kew dis Ititi will bo held nt "Belmont," Kew, when othei Indies wishing to join nro kindly it quested to attend On ihm »day n meet mg of the Indies of St ri.uici»' nnd V\ cit Melbourne wns held, when Mis thompson vins elected piesitlent ot the propose«! St runlets' »toll, nnd Mrs Kjnn, Mis Hml jiett, Mrs J Bvine, Mrs lolej.nndMis Tohn Kow in tonsented to net a» stall holders Yeoleuhi a meeting of Hie Indies of Brunswick wns held when Mis If- iiLnett w.is elected president mid Mrs Luke Xolnn secret ii j On Mondai next, tit i, i meet nig will bo held at St Man's Piesbjlerj, Bast St Kilda when a good ictenduiee of Indira in Hint district is eimestly icquested A meeting of the Indies of Clifton Hill will be held next 'iue»dtij, nt S pu I ho annual meeting of the Victorian Xeg lecte 1 Children's Aid Societv will be held in the Athcntcum li ill, on Monilij, it 8 0 clod i'ho Majoi of Melbourne (Conn filloi M'Baclnrn) «ill pieside, mid the spenkeis will include Mi Allied Deakin, MLA.llev T B Kuddock, Mi S Leon, Miss Siitheilind, nnd otheis An attnc tue musical progrimino his been nirnnged, to winch the following lidies and gentle men have mourned to conti ¡bute -Mihi Rankin, Mi-^t fcara Lewis, SIi»s Dons A Mitchell, Mis Clarke Mt .lohn ¡sutliii land, and Ml L Luscombe Admission is free Iho Time mid Talents Garden lete m md of the fundí of the Austin Hospital will tike pinte this afternoon, it Bilvcr, loonk Lad) Brasîcj, who an ii ed m bjdney jestei thj, ind ia toming oici bl «peu ii ti mi, telegt iphed to Janet Lui) C1 uki thit she would be pteaent to open the fete. We lme recoiled frim Mr-. Cloiics 10/ for the i-innlj of the Into Thama.' Astlei , also li)/ for Mim Sutherland for tilt Use of tin SI'Jicill lamil), at Liest Unman [ck The hon treasurer of the Diocesan Deaconesses' Home desires to icknou ledge receipt oí ¿L25 from ' V ¡ctorla for the building fund of tile Church of Iaitrland Mission hou e, in leaponw; lo Ouritas aj peal rho major of St Kild-l as treasurer for the entorlalmncnt glim In the ron n hall St hilda, on the _)ih Siptemlier in lud of the funds of the St Kilda mid tViulileld Ladies Ilenciolcut Societi notifies Hint the (.Toss rttti|ts lunountid to £01 12/ the axpenditure ins C10/7/Ü and a cheque for the bal mee iSl/4/0 1 is licen handed to the lion Irt-Tiurcr of the sooietj The Hoird of Lxaniincrs of I ntrineerfl of Water Suppl), V idol ia baie granted certificates of coin 1 etelicj lo VIcshTS Samuel G Xisi and John S Detluidge ulm Here siiceessful in passing the ox aniinition held last month Mcsi-s Line oin Stuart nil Co i hose premises i ere dcstrojctl in the late 1 linder-^street Ure hal ¡np; erected new premises in Hinders street, opira tate the station umouncc clseiihen the opening thereof on Monda) next Messrs I oster und VI irtin photogiaphers, are mnoiing their studios to 2o2 Collins street (up ht-iirs) The following idtlitiollil honorar) appointments haic been nindi to the SUIT of Hie Vustrilian t-jl lone of Dentislrl mid Melbourne Dint il llospttnl -Mr Ccor"eC Nltholsui, clinical instructoi uni I)i-i III Mt et und Uuller Allan as aiurs thetists Hie latualile hook of personal reference * VVhofl Who has reached iii flttlcth le-ir of publication Many additions and improvement« hale leen made to mark the lubllce )cir Mr Douglas bladcn ia editor Our copy is from Mc-=an> Ceorgc llobcrt son and Oo lile Motor nnd M-^orcss of VIclliotirno nill opea li gardtti fete at luilf past 2 to-d u at the résilient -. of Connelllor Strong Pwk inrptt Ilnmsuick, in aid of st Michael s Church îiorth Carlton The fete iriilude-i min pole, tt i t-ti-t md olticr attrac tion-i and lilli close nt IO o clot! Hie routt is b) the Umnsii ick tram lo I eric street V Vle-idotl I'lirly ' will IK- opened b) Mrs Coe at I utlnlln Muir street Hiiithi.m on laltirthy aftenioou next Hie 1 ind of the 'nd IlatUIIuu will pi iv mid (ho (lulld of Christ C hurt li Ha» thorn will htlp to entertain the ii'itont Ihc as I xcclmor will hine (¿neon h Wharf at half I at 2 this tftenicou foi Ii turill glou an 1 (.colong Pawngon 11 her tan return from the former place in the s s Courier lo morrón Hu ps Count r will st irt from the Fame tiertli at li a m for Portarlington arti Ceclona; On Sund i. the bit e\t union steamer i dina num to l «elong and Portarlington, leaving (.neena VMurf it 11 J.IU The excursion htointcr Ozone will open the lny season on Siturilii ne\t (l)erbi Du) with an afternoon trip to Out« UKtlilT and Sorrento Season tickets aiiilnl.lc 1) cither the Orone tr Higcii art advirtiM.il at un niodinte rites, with «pitial inducements for funilics_ JODvYb AKRAXGEMLNTS. Halium Picnic to Bendigo South Suburban Horticultunl Soclet), Prahran ronn hall 2 TO p m Time and T nts Cl-irdcn lete, "Lil)cr," Alban) road, loonk, 2 ¡0 p m Cycling Championship Meeline;, at St hilda South V am lennis Club s Toura iment -i inal M itches Tlir VIRES and L\Ti RTUYiirNTS Princess a 1 hc-itrc -' Tlio I ad) of 11 ons 8pm llljou rheatrc - Tim Hohem! m Girl . 8 p m Opera House-Mr Harry lticlnrdss variety Com I an), S pin St ( eorge s Hall -Varied Concert, 8pm Town hall-Mr C J 1 nnk i Popular Concert, 8 p ni Temperance-lull -People s Concert, 8 pm, SUNDVV Tor Church Sen ices sec pige 0 