GRANTS WIFE. And when yonr love V i,, . Has conquered pride— / A mm was singing to the acccafpaufment cf the concertioa. The notes were long drawn and filled with a coitaiu ruuyh pitbos. . Bis companion a listened in vpproving sileiice uutil tlw •ong came to an end. • I " Music's a cheering tiling in a man's life, 4 remarked an old, thin, weather -beaten •lepbetd. the owner of the New Zealand hut whe-rin the four mm were set ted before a large jfe E>od fire. j Jackson's whare waa the only habitation for t iles aruond. It Wi« situated open a lonely roail,aud was the general refuge for «ll belated »h?plifrdc, stockmen,and rabbiters belonging to the "run." Along, Barron- room scantily furnished, with bunks built into the walls, a table and a few odd stools and chair*, all of which at present were dtawn up to the fireplace. ; The men weie Bmokir-g ; the atmosphere was dense; there wesagcceral odour of tobacco, rcsfkiulo.'-h, leather, alM> wet sheep dog, for theie were Bi veral of thiss aniaaels lying down or crtepiug about, and the musical programme was occasionally varied by a divmal howl from one or other of them which had rashly ventured into the clmi med circle round the biasing lojjs, and got iu t'ne way of somebody's great boots. A he»p of damp saddles was thrown into a comer, whips, straps, and spurs Isy abwit on table and flooj. There was no light savu that of the fire, which shed a flickering crimson glow into the'room, lending a certain picturesque •harm to theconiinoii-pla^ititt-ricr, and softening the rough faces of the men. f- " Bing ag»in, "Willie," said the host, and the musician, a ihick-set, plessjut looking young man, complied, and gave the m " The Ship that Never Returned,*" " Kock Me to Sleep Mother," j" Annie Rooney," and 'would probafcly have favoured the company with half-a- dozen more, not being in the least bashful, but that his next. neighbour a man whore dislioclive characteristics were a pair of long legs, a pronounced •cowl, and a huge moustache, suggested that jtfcey had had enough of " him ; so he meekly deposited his instrument beneath bis chair, and the* party lapsed into silence, broken only by the cheerful cracklings of the burning wood aud sound of .the rain on the roof.* The old men took his pips out of his mouth. *nd made a long shot at a glowing ember. .. ' ' " She's a bad 'un," he said, slowly. " I don't like her eye." , TLe remark was apropos of nothing, and nobody a&k;< d any questions. . •• She's a d d bad 'un," he continued in an crgiimentative tone; but still his companions puired away gravely and made'no answer. " She's tricky, that's what she is," be went fen, after a pause, ** and my opinion is that the boss has got a handful.™ / It was not a horse he was speaking of, but * woman, as a remark from the moustached man betrayed. " You've only seen her riding, with & hat And a veil on," he said gruffly. ** What the f— do you know about hiT eye ? " The old man squared himself up, ready for the fray. " I haven't lived fifty-five years in this •rorld.for nothing," he said. " 1 observed just now that music's a cheery thirg in a man's life; so's a woman, when she's a good one. When she's not, his life is " " Old Sick ts^rather amusing on social questions," drawled the fourth man, who had not spoken before—a quiet fellow, looking rather like a broken down- gentleman. " Who is the lady in question ?" " Mrs, Gfant," said Mouitachio. The quiet man whistled. " Ois wife," be •aid slowly. " I say, Jackson, you'd btttcr be o&reTaJ; what you're sayicg." *•' She'd better be careful what she's doing," Mattered Jackson, angry at the rebuke, for he was generally considered something of an oracle. *' When a young woman with an elderly husband spends half her time riding about with a fellow like Spenccr—" * " Spencer ?" " Yes, that idlr, loafing cad of a remittance ffian.*! . * " I know, I doti't admire her tag's." " Tou'll never fathom a woman," continued the aid man, recovering his tone of wonted importance, and staling gravely into the fire. '•Everyone else considerx theltellow a cacLthere-, forq she's bound to be shook oq him. He's aq handsome as the devil, dresses well, and he rides Grant's horses as if they were his own and he had about fourteen more out in the paddock." ! The man with tl-.e moustache paused in his occupation of stirring up the tobacco in his pips jrith his penknife, and turned to his host. "You kucw a fat lot, Jackson," be said, "but I think you are wrong this trip. She seemi a nice young woman, I have seen her once or twice pretty close." *• What is she like to look at ?" asked the quiet man. " Oh, small and dark," said Jackson, *' with a lot of black hair that's always tumbling down when she's riding, and that's one np agin her. A nicq.woman keeps her hair neat." _ Tbe other man laughed. " Tou're a rum old card." be said, " but I think I'd keep my month sbot on this sabject if I were you. Whether you are right or wrong it's a dangerous bifsiness to meddle with." Then one of tbem started talking "sheep," and everything else in Heaven and upon earth laded into utter insignificance. Rams, hoggets, ewes, lambs, Merino, South Down, Lincoln, it went on, an endlew and all-absorbiug topio. Pipes were filled again and again. The fire got low, they talked almost in the dark. . Suddenly the sleeping dogs started np with •harp litt'.e barks, more barking was going on outside, and presently the sound of approaching horses became audible. Jackson got np and threw more wood upon the fire, a shower of sparks flew np the chimney, then he walked over and opened the door. Tbe qmet (pan went on smoking. Willie rose and pnt his concertina into his bunk as If he feared the coming visitors might wish to steal it. It wai a stormy night. The wind blew the rain in at the door ; the old man was calling out to someone. " There's two of 'em," he said, looking back into the hut; " a man and a boy." Bo went outside ; the visitors came nearer. " Put your horses iuto the shed and give 'em a feed," he shouted. There was more conversation and the flicker' ing of a lantern, and in a short time Jackson returned to the whare. His grey hair was all blown about; he had a queer expression in his eyes. I " They've lost their way," he said, " they are only going to stay a short time to rest the horses and the boy." *' Who are they ?" asked Moustaebio. * Jackson did not anewer, but looked at the quiet man, whose face was blank and unoon eerned. The logs had blazed up ; the hut was light and cheerful-locking. A man entered ; tall, fair, and extremely handsome. He was followed by a lad in a great coat and a knitted Tam-o'-Shanter. ' '* Sorry to disturb you, my friends," he said, In a deep, clear voice. " In the (Juikness and the beastly bad roads we lost our way. The hoises are knocked np, and want a bit of a spell. We have a long way to go to F " Sixteen miles," said the quiet man. Jackson was busy hanging tbe billy over the fire. r '% " 111 give you some hot tea," he said to the boy, " come near the fire." / 41 Oh, he's not cold," cried the handsome Man. hurried'- " Give l'im a nir 1-1 him (Be down. We came through a beastly bush back.' He Is tired." j - Mustachio threw hjra a lar^e striped rag. (He rolled the boy up in it, and be lay down I i corner, «' It's d— bad luck!" continued the r, coming forward. 'HftfV' r* wnit» . oil, a nipper from town. I'm taking him fc.ck to his ma.31 > He's a good- loikicg lad," said the quit! man. ••Yes." ~ J licknon ma.'e th • tea. lie handed some iu a p-r.cikin to 'the vit-itw, t: 'Shipped cut some more, and tree going over to where the boy lay, but tbe other man put Lis own down on tha table. " I'll take it to him," be said, ji' The quiet man looked at Jackson and rai ei his eyebrows a haii's breadth. Tie strangi* Came back to tbe fite, and sat looking into it with a m<-ody expression upon his face. Sudd nly be threw back his head and laughed —a laugh that made the dogs start op and growl. " What's tl.e matter P"' said Jat kson. " Nothing," le auswered, " I always laugh when I am iu a bad temper." " Ar.d cry when your hap;>y, I suppose I" drawled the quiet man. " Yes," he said, " but I haven't cried yet " He dratik his tea and lit his pipe. They all lit fresh pipes ; the group rouud tbe fiie was increased by one ; conversation became general. They eventually returned to their muttons. The boy slumbered in his corner ; the dogs remained quiet. Soon Willie crept away and gut bis concertina and began pitying softly to himself. It stemed to sooth tUe company— their voices sauk to a murmur, the rain still pattered on tbe roof, and IhuB'an hour passed away. Willie eeased playing, left tbe fire, and tumbled into his bulk. Mcustachio stood up and yawned. Jackson was gazing iuto the embers and nodding slightly. After a time the stranger stood up. " 1 think we'll go on," he said, and walked over to the boy. For a moment or tiro he bent over him, then raised him to his feet. •• Are you res'ed, young fellow F " asked the : quiet man, coming forward. " Yce, thank you," answered the lad in a low voice. He seemed rather sliepy and dazed. Betweenbis coat collar and his hat there was nothing to: be seen but two large dark eyes. He kept his hands in his pockets and shivered slightly. The man turned round to Jackson. " Thauka very much for your hospitality," ho said. " If you will bring your lantern I thiuk I will. go' and get the horses now." Presently he heard the horses go oS. In a few minutes Jackson and the quiet man returned to the hat.; > I must have another pipe after that," ob- : servtd the latttr, and proceeded to fill it. Jackson's mouth was twitching. Something' seemed to amuse him. . | " What's up ? " asked Houstaobio. ! The quiet man looked at the old one, who re*' f ponded to the look with just the ghost of a wink. ' Now well turn in," he said ; bnt just then : the dogs began to bark anun "Tliey are coming back," said the moustached man, ' It's frcm tbe other direction, one person riding," said the quiet man. Jackson was listening. " It's the boss," he cricd, " on the grey,* 1 jtnd rose hurrit dly, went out of the door, and closed it after him. ( After a few minutes a horsc- man stopped suddenly outside, and a quick, authoritative voice called out to Jsckeon. A short discussion followed, and a loud oath. The old man came back. A broad grin was upon his weatherbeaten countenance. He shut the door, and walked np to the fireplace. 1 Hell catch them up," he cried, rubbing his hands. Tbe quiet man nodded. He looked mther grave. " Poor little thing 1" he said. " Snakes ! " cried Mcustachio. Willie lifted his head out of the bunk. ** Who is the man ? " he asked. " Epencer," replied the quiet man. "Then the boy,'' said Moofitachio { with bulging eyeballs. •• 1 know a fat lot, don't I ? " chuaMed Jackson. " I'm wrong tbis trip, da ? The boy, my young friend, is the boss'B wife I " 