THE STOUT TELLEB. SYLVIA'S LAST STOK.Y. Sylvia Hunt had been born in S-in Fran ciscOj and reared in Sin FranciBCO high school ; except for biief excursions to sea Bide or farms to escape the cold winds of midsummer for a little, she had never been out of the city. The country as depicted in the scenes of the theatres was far more intimate in her mind than any of the marvels of her state. Finding that she ?was obliged to support herself and her toother almost coincidettly with gradua tion, she determined to become a news paper woman. She haunted tho offico of the Searcher until the city editor gave her an assignment, ' to rid of her,' as he ex pressed itj but in reality because he knew the value of tenacity in a reporter. . Since then she had interviewed murderers in their cellp, politioal bosses, society women, ex-inebriates, who had taken the Keely cure, paid bi-weekly visits to the morgue in ' search of ' storips, ' had altogether developed her natural intrepi dity, and a style that was the pride of Pacific coast journalism. She whittled her stories to a point, and had a startling collection of adjectives, kept humor and pathos in stock, the former of which she used with liberty, the latter with artistic economy, and could work up as dramatic a climax as any gifted maker of tales. ' In time she became the most noted newspaper woman of her state, signed her contribu tions and received her salary. Small wonder then that she was chosen for one of the most remarkable assignments upon which a newspaper had ever sent a re porter. Tbe state had baen agog for a year over a series of the boldest train robberies that had ever been enacted within its famous boundaries. Four times the eastern- bound train passing over the southern route had been h^ld up by masked men and despoiled of its thousands, but only two months since had the crime been fastened on Jim Burnett, a well-known citizen of Bakers field and grape-farmer in a small way. He was arrested, after the wounding of the ftferiff and one of his assistants and the killing of another, and locked up. He ? broke gaol the same night, and was known to be hiding in the Sierras. Four search parties had gone after him. Two had struck hia trail and followed it to the foot of a bare and solitary peak, on the apex of which was a log cabin. Through a field, glass they had distinctly seen Mr. Bennett sauntering about, smoking a pipe. As there was no bush to conceal the ap proach of the enemy, the first had merely returned to Bakersfield and reported. The second party, more keen for glory, had ventured half way up, led by Tom Hark uess, the most fearless sheriff in southern California, and been disastrously routed by Mr. Bennett and bis loyal friends — several of whom had, followed him into exile — who lay.Rt lull length behind a felled redwood and fired leisurely between pines and \- '' chaws.' The Governor was considering the advisability of ordering- out the militia, when the state waB startled by a fifth train robbery, at which a haul of 20,000 was made and at which Mr. Bennett officiated without the formality of a mask, and sent his compliments to those cormorants who owned the railroad and were the worst thieves that ever went unhung. 'They'll have the mililia out now, sure'a , fate,' said the city editor of the Searcher the morning after the robbery. 'They may give Tom Harkness one more chance, but that's all.' He sprang io his feet, his eyes flashed with the enthusiasm of his ilk when the outlines of a 'great story' sprang from tho imagination. ' We'll have an interview with Bennett ! We must have an interview with Bennett 1 The Searcher is out of sight now ; a scoop like that and she'd be tho monarch of the Pacific coast journalism without any adver tising.' Two young mon who were writing at desks came rapidly forward; but Sylvia Hunt ran past them and planted herself squarely before the editor. ' I want it,' fiho said decidedly ; ' and I can succeed where a man would be sure to fail. Tluy would never let a man up that peak alivr, : but tbey won't fire on ft woman.' The editor did not reply for a mompnt, nlthough his oyos flashed again. After all, though not. n gentleman, he was a man, and had, in a remote brain cell, an in finitesimal fragment of the instinct of pro tection of the male for the female. Qne of the volunteering reporters gave ft short laugh and turned on bis heel. The other reddened and bit his lip. He was; a tall young man with a pale face and a slight stoop — a college graduate and the best man on the city staff. He did not look at the city editor ; his eyes were fixed on Mies Hunt. ' Well,' demanded Sylvia, with a slight stamp of her foot, 'what are you hesitat ing about ? I am going, of course. I am the only person on the paper that has the ghost of a show ; and I suppose you are not calculating on a failure V ' No. I'm not,' replied the editor, bluntly. ' You can have it. It's 10 o'clock. Go home and get what you want, and come back here for instructions. You'll take the 12.30 train. I'll telegraph b~- Bakersfield to have a guard ready for you.' Sylvia laft tbe room immediately. The ycung man followed and stopped her in the corridor. ' Well,' she said, coloring and turning her head aside, ' I know what you're going to say, bat I'm going, and haven't time to talk about it.' - ' I have no hope of dissuading you,' he said. 'I merely want to say that lam going with you.' ' You're not going to do anything of the kind. Do you think I shall have the edge taken off my Rcoop lik« that ? I'll tell the C. E. not to allow it.' ' I shall go with you if I have to resign from the paper. As far as your scoop is concerned, no one need know that I am with you except the C. E. The others will think I'm off for a vacation.' ' Oh, bother !' Miss Hunt tossed her head and walked away ; but she colored again. Sylvia, a guide known as Hickory Pete, and John Harrison, ' crack ' reporter of the San Francisco Searcher, were slowly as cending the foot-hills of the Sierras on horseback. Daring the long ride south on the train, and tho drive to the foothills, Miss Hunt had refused to converse with her knight ; but as the majestic red-woods closed about them, their primeval silence unbroken by the rustle of their topmost leaf 300 feet above, not a living thing at play in the green fragrant depths of their under world, the I AM of the American maiden deserted her for the first time in her life ! Awed and frightened, she pushed her horse close to Harrison's. He understood perfectly — he had spent days and nights in the redwoods alone. ' You will like it presently,' he said ; ' one always feels that way at first. That was one reason I wanted to come with you.' She shook her head decidedly. ' I am a child of the pavements,' she said. ' I like the rush and tbe hurry, the thousand sensations that ore crowded into a city — that you feel are there, even if they don't come your way. Bat,' she added, with a charming smile, ' I like you much better here, somehow, than I did in town.' 'There is a chance for companionship here — of really finding each other out.' ' Dear me ! I wonder if you will like me when you find me out ? I have heard society girls complaio. that the men they liked most during the winter were worse than noodles in the country. Perhaps I won't ' sustain ' myself, as the short story writers say when they want to write a novel.' She was a brown- haired girl, with keen eyes of the greenish-gray hue so often seen in California. Her complexion was somewhat worn, her nose tilted, her mouth wasravishingly pretty, her chin square. Two thirds of the men in the office were in love with her, but she gave them small heed. Harrison looked at her with something of tenderness, something of triumph — he knew his advantage. They were riding along in silence. Sylvia's head was thrown back ; she was gazing up into the rigid interlaced arms of the redwoods a hundred feet above her head, through which the sun rays trickled faintly. There was a hideous yell, a rush of incredible rapidity, and something sprang nt Slyvia's horse, throwing him back on his haunches. Almost simultan eously there was the report of a pistol, and something dropped with a thud to the ground. ' Well done, young man,' exclaimed Pete, who was some little distance behind. He spurred his horse and reached them almost immediately. ' It's a wild cat — and ti rattling big one. You're a good Rhot, mister, and you've got a cool head for a oity gent.' Sylvia was very pale, but she looked at Harrison with quite n new regard. She had hardly considered him in the light of a man before, little more than an able men tality connected with the city staff. But it seemed suddenly to expand, and Sylvia remembered that once, when she was very young and green, she had an ideal. She felt an unwonted shyness, and turned to Hickory Pete. ' Do you think Bennett is* sure to be there ?' she asked. ' Tol'rable sure, mum. He takes it fur granted that they think he's skedaddled over the border, and after he interviews yon or you him, beggin' your pardon, he'll git, I reckon. There won't be nothin' else fur him to do. And I ain't sorry. He's been wise to stay fur some things, but it's time fur him to git now.' ' Where will he go — to Mexico V ' I reckon that's about the size of it. There ain't no place else, 'cept Canady. I wish he was thah — I wish he was. But they're watching the border. It's pretty risky.' Sylvia wished that another wild cat would appear that she might feel the glow about her heart again. But nothing broke the profound stillness of the forest but the wind sighing through the tree topa and the low roar of the creek. At night they built a huge fire in the clearing on the high bank of the creek, and cooked their sapper. ' You've been hero before, young man,' said Pete, admiringly. ' I never e't better cooked steak and flapjacks than these.' ' I spend all ray vacations in the moun tains,' replied Harrison. After supper he and Sylvia wandered along the bluff, then into the forest. Sylvia had never known that anything could be so still. Even the wind slept. Harrison talked to her of everything but the office, and she was ready to forget its existence. She had never believed that she, Sylvia Hunt, the concentrated essence of moder nity, could feel as if she wanted an evening in a dark, quiet, redwood fores!; never to end. Harrison did not make love to her. He knew how sweet the slow awakening is to a woman ; and he, too, was content to wait. He told her something of the wonders of the forest, and made her kneel and listen to the low murmur of the night world. Then he talked to her of his favourite authors and poets, and Sylvia realised that there were other things that she had missed besides love. ' I will read when I go back,' she said, eagerly. 'I am a terrible little ignoramus, bat I'll subscribe to the Mercantile Library and you will write out a list for me, won't you !' ' I will lend you my books. I have a good many.' ' I am a child of the hour, of the moment,' said Sylvia, more and more discontented with herself. ' It nearly killed me to study history at school, or anything connected with the past. I remember a school friend came back from a trip to England a year or two ago, and she told me with delight that she'd seen the very window out of which Charles I. had walked to be beheaded. I asked her who Charles I. was, end she was shocked— she'd been a great history scholar. But I told her I didn't care whether I knew or not, that a newspaper woman's place was right here in the NOW. Bat perhaps one might have time for two Bides.' 'You have missed a good deal,' he said tenderly. ' Bat you are a child yet. dome, you must go back now. We have a hard day tn-morrow, and you must have a good night's rest.' ^ When he reached tho camp he saw tKa% the blankets she was to sleep on were com fortably arranged. ' If you are frightened in the night you must call me,' he said. ' Bat Pete and I shall watch alternately. Nothing will hurt you.' ' Altogether,' thought Sylvia, as she stretched horself out on her side of the fire, ' I'll be engaged before I get back. And it will be those redwoods that have done is. The huge motionless things keep say ing to me : ' Ba serious, Sylvia ; be serious.' And I should like to know what is more serious than matrimony — even with our divorce law's'.' And then, to her unutter able surprise, she burst into tears. They were two days reaching the famous peak. ' Hickory Pete, who had lived his lifetime in the mountains, killed innumer able bears and several men, served his term twice, and was notoriously a friend of Bennett's, regaled Harrison and Sylvia with thrilling yarns of his manifold adven tures, as they slowly climbed tbe trails or sat round the fire at meals. They did not meet another human being1, nor did they see another beast. Sylvia had read of such experiences, but unbelievingly. She felt as if she were in a new world, on another planet, where the atmosphere was green under interlacing boughs in forest depths, where no one existed but themselves ; and somewhere, there was a low roar of water. She lost the thread of Pete's tales, falling into raverie, of what she scarcely knew. On the second night she and Harrison walked again into the forest, and this time she talked eagerly of herself, telling him of her childhood and early girlhood ; then made him tell her of his own life. Although he had drawn her hand through his arm, he made no attempt to caress her, but they felfc very close together. When Sylvia went to bed she felt very happy; but Sylvia was still Sylvia, and she could not forbear a humorous observation. ' I am almost ready to admit that men are really cleverer than women,' she thought. Certainly, he knew what he was about when he came along.' They were at the foot of the peak. Pete ? was making Sylvia sandwiches and giving her advice. 'Be sure you look as if yer sympathised with Jim,' ho said. ' He's powerful keen on sympathy. And if you air shocked at his havin' takin' what isn't his'n, don't let on fer the world. He's powerful sensi tive is Jim. If you could look as if yer thought he was powerful, brave, and clever, that'd go a long way. All folks have their peculiarities, and it's a grand thing to know just whero they be when yer have to tackle them. Well, s'long. It's 10 o'clock.' Harrison turned pale, but he wisely made no attempt tc detain her ; she was not a woman to turn back with purpose unaccom- ' p'.isnpd. ' Promise that you will fire your re volver if you feel that you have the least cause to be frightened,' he said. Sylvia nodded. She did not look at him, nor did she feel Hke talking; -? Harri son and Pete withdrew into the brush. There was no necessity for this formality as far as Pete was concerned, but Sylvia was determined to have the glory of in vading the robber's den alone. She began the ascent slowly, for it was very steep. She did not look back, lest she should be tray the fact that a woid would bring her down with a run. Half way up she paused to rest. She sat down on a burnt stump, and, as neither of her protectors had a field glass, permitted her gaze to wander downward to the hiding place of the man who had been her con stant companion for the past two days, and held possession of her dreams at night. She heaved a great sigh. ' It's no use,' she thought. ' I'm in love. I'll be married two months from now. Another good newspaper woman gone wrong. The boss will be furious. It's these redwoods.' * They were set thick on a vast surface of peak waves. Below, their spikes rose from the canon where her lover fumed. Mr. Bennett had chosen this monnt, burnt bare by fire, not only because no enemy could approach unseen, but because it was blis tered for hours at a time by the solar rays. ' Which is good for my rheumatics,' he had announced in one of hia bulletins. ' I like the sun, and never could abide damp. Here I'll stay until I'm ready to quit the country, and I'll make it a — sight hotter than the sun for anybody that comes up here without bein' invited.' Sylvia was two weary hours climbing' the peak. Pete had admonished her to bold herself straight, ' to take it easy,' and to ' come down on the flat of her feet.' But Sylvia, being a woman, and versed in stairs, leaned forward and walked on her toe?. Consequently she had a backache for the first time in her life. And she was lonesome and hungry, and the terrible silence and grandeur of the ecene sent her to the verge of tears. Bat when she neared the crest, and saw the tall familiar figure of Mr. Bennett — his wife had been most generous in the matter of photographs — standing in front of tho cabin door, his hands in his pockets, regarding her with manifest disapproval, her spirits and her new sense flared together. She nodded blithely, accelerated her steps, and reached his level in a few moments. ' Good morning, Mr. Bennett,' she said, a* if her call were the most natural thing in tho world. ' Well,' he said, ' what do you want '{' ' M«iy I sit down and eat my sandwich on this stone 1 How glad I am to be on a flat place again. I suppose yon will accept Sbeso credentials.' She handed him a note from his wife, bought with a round sum by the San Francisco Searcher, in which the bold highwayman was petitioned to give the bearer an interview. Bennett's face softened. He put the letter tenderly inside his coarse flannel ahirt. His face was almost entirely covered. by a short red beard, each hair of which seemed to bristle with angry fire. His hair was long and uncombed. The defiance in his daeply-set, hard blue eyes was almost wild. He was not a soothing presence to encounter in the wilderness, but Sylvia was afraid of nothing under heaven but taran tulas. She had glanced about carefully; there were no little round holes covered with white film. The door of the cabin stood open. Two men, as uninviting in appearance as their chief, were snoring loudly on the floor. 'So you be a newspaper woman,' remarked Bennett. ' Well, you are gritty, and I like that. I ain't no particular obr jection to givin' the Searcher an interview, but they must want one pretty bad when they send a delicate little woman like you after one. Ain't you gob no feller to look after you ?' Sylvia blushed rosily. 'I suggested that you would never let a strange man come up here alive.' 'You may bet your bottom dollar on that.' ' But what I was going to say was that the Searcher does want an interview. You ar3 the great sensation of the day. A pre sidential election could not diminish the interest of the public in tho great train robber of the age.' Pete had not overrated Mr. Bennett's vinity. A smile forced its way through the thicket of bair which altered thn outlines of his bony countenance. ' So,' he said. 'So. I'm a hero ? Well, I'm sorry the law don't look at that way and let me go in peace. I've got eighty-five thousand dollars in that cabin, and much good it will dome until I kin git to Canada, or Mexico, where I kin send lor my family and live in quiet and comfort.' ? ' 'You are not here alone, I see, Mr. Bennett.' 'Oh, no. /I've got two friends inside asleep, and two more are over on that there mountain huntin' deer. My friends have stood by me, and they'll have their reward, not in the next world, but in this. I'll give them a thou. apiece.' ' Of course, generosity is a part of your bold nature. It is no use, I suppose, to ask your immediate plans ?' 'Well, no, it ain't. When the time comes to leave I'll leave. I've got my spies as* well as the law. Meanwhile, I've gotrrifle3 and plenty of ammunition to hold thefort.' 'I hope you'll get off safely, Mr. Ben nett, indeed I do. I'm .sure you need the monay much more than the people you took it- from.'' 'That's what I thought when I swiped it,' replied Mr. Bennett placidly. ' If I could only make a haul of several millions out of the United States Government, now, I'd be living in a palace on Nob Hill, San Francisco, without nothing to' disturb my peace of mind but an occasional dig in the Searcher ; but as my opportunities are limited, and I've only been able to get away with eighty-five thou. in a hull year —by a long sight squarer method — I'm treated like any common or'n'ry burglar. However, it's no use grumblin'; you can't make the world over. Luckily, there be other places than Californy, though. It's pretty. It's pretty.' ' I'm so sorry your grape farm- was not ,a success, Mr. Bennett,' said Sylvia with genuine sympathy j she thought him very interesting. 'Then you would not have been so tempted.' He snorted. ' It wasn't tempted so much ; I was mad. I'd like to know what' farmer has any chance these days, when. Californy's been stuffed inside an irou skeleton of railroads 1 You raise a good crop. It ain't worth your while to ship it to 'Frisco, much less to the states, because the freight's so heavy it eats up more'n . tho profits. So I thought I'd make a fool of the railroad, and better myself by the way. And I have made a fool of them 1' He doubled his hairy fist and shook it in the air ; the blood blazed under bis Weather beaten skin. 'I only wish I could ha fe got a show at old Portington. I'd have made him so heavy with lead they'd have to have six extiy pall-beareis.' 'Do you think that killing the owner of the railroad would remedy the evil, Mr. Bennett ?' Sylvia, fortunately, had a mem ory independent of notes, and had succeeded in placing the outlaw quite at his ease. 'It would be ? satisfactory; and it might set people to thinkin' a little. But if I don't do it someono else will. That's what let's me sleep of nights.' 1 ' Now Mr. Bunnett. I'm going to ask you to let mo sketch you. Of course, we've had your photograph, but so have all papers ; and we want something ex plosive — and a sketch from here, Just think what a triumph for the Searcher \ 'You don't mind, do yon ? I really draw quite nicely ; I took all the prizes at school, and have taken a special courso sine?, for pur poses of newspaper illustration. It adds so to one's income.' 'I don't know as I do mind. You're a plucky little woman, and I respect you. P'r'aps you'll tell me the news. I don't see the paper too often.' ' Indeed, I'll tell you everything that you want to know. Sit there — please- — against the cabin. It will make such an appropriate background. I wish I could get a few redwoods in, but I'm not quite equal to that.' For an hour Sylvia sketched and chatted'. The man listened with deep interest for a time, then his eyes closed. The woman's presence, her soft voice, the novel visita tion, soothed his eternal vigilance, and he drifted unresistingly into sleep. Sylvia did not mind. She had already done his eyes and mouth — what she could see of the last, she worked on steadily at the bold outline and violent hair. Suddenly there was a lift in her absorption: through it filtered the consciousness that the intense silence about her was disturbed. She dropped her pencil and listened intently. Then she looked up at the redwoods ; they were motionless. She rose to her feet and ran around the back of the house. A company of militia was within 200 yards of the top. ? , Sho bounded back and flung herself on BaDBett. 'They are coming,' she cried to the dazed man. 'The militia ! They are crawling up the back of the hill ! They are almost here 1' He sprang to his feet with an oath, and lifting her by the shoulders made a motion as if to fling her down the mountain. ' You've given me away !' he screamed with a vollov of oaths. ' I might have known it. But I'll settle with you after !' He ran her into the cabin, made a hur ried explanation to the two men who were sitting up, staring about stupidly, and bar ricaded the door and window. Sylvia had seen enough to make noprotest. She retired to a corner of the small dirty room, resolved to make herself as small as possible and at the first chance to slip out and run down the peak. It was some time before she realized her danger; The noise outside grew louder. Through a small chink between the Io?s she saw the men swarm up. Tom Hark ness came forward and formally demanded the sur render of Bennett. The three prisoners made no reply, no sound. . They Btood with their rifles at their shoulders. Sylvia looked at their set, indomitable faces and thrilled with the response of woman's to man's brute courage. With BH''her soul she hoped they would win, or, that being impossible, thut they had some secret method of escape. She glanced about with her sharp trained eyes. There was no sign of an underground passage. It was a small square room, built directly on the ground. Iu one corner was a bunk, covered with a filthy pulah mattress. Agaiust tho wall was a pile of straw and blankets where the ' friends' slept. In another a heaD of sticks, through the rough meshes of which waa a gleam of yellow. Harkness repeated his demand. Again no answer. In another moment there was a rush against the door. It stood firm, al though the cabin shuddered. Bennett applied his eye to a bole beside the door. HH. removed U, inserted the muzzle of his rifld and fired. There waa an ugly scream without, then a volley from every side. There were five small round holes in the cabin. From three of these the outlaw anii hi3 friends did deadly work. .Sylvia realised her peril. The redwood logs of which the cabin was built were soft and thick, and the balls from without had so far ploughed their way indifferently j as yet not one had entered, and groans of pain and screams of rage were multiplying without, but at any moment a bullet might splinter through a weak placa — and Sylvia be the victim ! She glanced about desper ately. There was no refuge but under that appalling mattress on the bunk. Eathor a thousand deaths, 6he decided. She dropped from tha box on which she had been sit ting, and huddled down into the corner, believing that, no bullet could reach her ?unless the men fired on their kneus. She put her bands to her knees and tried to calculate how long it would take Harri son to reach the top of the peak. Of course, he would start at the first shot. She decided that she would mr.rry him on the following d&\, if be wished it, and have a man to protect her the rest of her life. The filing coased. There waa anoiher rush for the door ; then another. It creaked horribly, strained, begun to give. Bennett reloaded steadily, picking his men. A- brilliant ray of iight appeared between the door and the casement. ' Will you give in now ?' shouted Hark ness. Bennett made no reply. ' Get a muzzle in that opening?' cried the captain. 'What's that door made out of?'' But Bennett's rifle was already there. Anoiher man screamed. Then the com pany without was transformed into a yell ing, cursing, frantic mob. Their pride was in the dirt ; and no one knew whose turn it would be next. They formed in a solid body and made another rush. Bennett had refa8tenod the door, bub it gave again. Tho strip of light was wider than before. And Svlvia was oblivious. Her staring eyes were fixed on a tidy round hole in the ground not three inches from her. Sorao thiug drtrk and elastic was rising from it. It bulged up slowly, this thing without ap parent head — ot legs. What were those objects that suddenly appf ared to prop that enlarging excresenco in generous profusion 1 The body accelerated its movements. It rose higher. It dragged eight long hairy legs after ib. Sylvia leaped to her feet with a piercing shriek, and flinging herself on Bennett, knocked the gun out of his hand. ' A tarantula !' she gasped, and fainted. And before he couid recover himself the door waVdown and six men \ were holding him while the officers of the law slipped the handcuffs on his wrist and the boot on hia leg. When Sylvii recovered she was in the open. Several of the soldiers were making litters with which to bear their wounded brethren in comfort for many weary miles.. The rest of the company were marching down the hill, a man of great physique and an air of utter hopelessness limpiDg painfully in their midst. Still farther down Sylvia saw two men approaching as rapidly as was possible on that steep ascent. It was a moment before her mind was quite clear. As the last leaf of her memory opened she sprang to her feet anri examined her skirts for a lurking tarantula. He was not to be found, and she looked in the window of the cabin. More fortunate than Binnet.fc, he waa retreating into hi^ underground cave. Sylvia drew n pro found sigh of relief and went over to succor the wounded. That day's event made a great story in the first page of the Searcher, but it was Sylvia's last.— Detroit Free Press. 