J SCBATCHINGS IN THE CETr. Br A PENCIL. rhat every liue which imt+eu liere way be Go to its mark straight aud nuerriiixr'y That every langh l,e clean aud fairly bought That cou'lemuatiou never go unsought; That o.at or thrnst or Jena approving cheer Aim uiny be honest, thought aud purpose clear Saturday afternoon was a great time on tbe water. Saturday and. moonlight steamer excursions have been great features of this year's amusement, and financially, at any rate, according to all accounts, they have been more success ful than the continentals, with which, season after season, the weather seems to be in chronic disagreement. Young couples delight in them because of the chances which they give tor spooning, and old couples are charmed by them owing to tbe opportunities they afford for inhaling the fresh air they require after the awful days in which the trapdoor of Hades has been left open. The first of the real aquatic events of Saturday afternoon was a rowing race on the Port River for the eight-oar champion ship-a fine performance, though spoilt towards the end by a foul, which caused the decision that the race must be rowed over again. This makes a pair of fouls which the Bowing Association has-acquired at its last two meetings, and the acquisi tion is not likely to add to its declining popularity. The latter of the two, how ever, will hardly lead. to so much mischief as the former, which resulted in'the resig nation of Mr. E. Gr. Blackmore-one of the most enthusiastic patrons of the sport in Australasia. Mr. Blackmore has the repu tation of being a little too sensitive and touchy, but in this ease he did only what any gentleman wa$ bound to tie. While the boats' crews were pulling their arm.i off in the Port River the yachtsmen were using potent language at Largs Bay because they could not raise all the wind they wanted tj puff their little craft along in the yachting races, which preceded the celebration of their annual dinner. At that engagement Naval Commander Ores well-one of the straightest, heurtiest, and kindliest men whom the Almighty ever constructed-presided, and by his side sat Judge Bundey, who is entitled to exactly t>he same" commendation. So dearly does Mr. Justice Bundey love a yacht that I don't believe he wiil be happy in heaven without a chance to go yachting, and the assurance that in the unknown land there will be " no more sea" must he very dis quieting to him. Meanwhile he glories when he gives himself a course of light literature, m reading and re-reading Cap tain Marryafs novels and anything else which he can get redolent of the rollicking sea. On Saturday night he spoke of the manliness of aquatic and other sports in such a way as to cause one's blood to tingle, and even the reading of a full report of the speech would have induced me to rush away at oace and buy a yacht arid sail it over the bounding waves, eseepting for one or two -reasons-(I) I hadn't got the imjnoyj- (3) X hardly know the difference between the front elevation and the bxck veran dah of a yacht; (3) wheu the ocean billows roar I would rather be on shore. In the last particular the Chief Secretary resembles me-I trust that he will not put on airs in consequence. He confessed at the ba-iquet 0:1 Saturday night that, though he was Lord High Admiral, he generally went below when Her Majesty's warship Protector began to hump if he was on board. He might also -have admitted that he was not much wiser in naval matters than the newly-appointed Secretary of the Navy in the United States, who when paying his first official visit to one of Uncle Sam's vessels looked down the hold of the craft and exclaimed in astonish ment " Why, the dwned thing's hollow 1" The social evil, as applied to the presence of many young' girls for questionable purposes in the streets at night, has been increasing greatly lately; and many com plaints of it have been made to Colonel Madley, the new Commissioner of Police. Accordingly the gallant colonel, wlio is thorough in everything, directed that his men; should put dawn this sort of traffic in the streets, and he also made it his business to casually stroll alone; one or two of the thoronghfares so that he might I ascertain whether the extent of the evil had been exaggerated. He does not doubt now ~He had not been more than a few minutes . engaged on his unpleasant task beforfe he -was accosted twice by unfor tunate girls, whose faces were a study when he said-" Go away, girls; I am the Com missioner of Police." And away they did go as quickly as though a couple of hundred bogej ghosts were chasing theio. Since Colonel Madlej's appointment in succession to Commissioner Peterswald he and liis men bare done several smart, things, bufcone notorious criminal has proved too much for them. That is the great rascal Colquohoun - you mast pronounce it Cohoon-who recently bolted from the Yatate. Stockade. The weaker-'muded man who went off with him was easily recowred, but of Colquoboun less certain news could not havt been heard if he had absolutely vanished, in. a cloud. Even apart from his villainy he must be a remarkable man and must have a large collection of counterfeits. Time after time other, fellows have been arrested in differ ent parte of the country on suspicion of j being Colquohoun, but on every occasion j the police have been disgusted to find that the real Simon Impure is still at large. j Talking of the police, by the by, your new officer, Corporal Montagu, comes of a fine old British military family-like Mr. Bluntish at Port Victor-^-and i? a disci plinarian as well as an otherwise good man. He had some hard things to do in. the Northern Territory, where I met him first* and he generally did them in such a way as to heighten the popular estimation of | the force. I never inefc a police officer who -in colloquial phrase-was less lib than year Corporal Montagu to pat witli any humbug. ! There is a general impression that Bishop liiirmer will not remain long1 in South Australia/. Indeed, some members | of his communion are under the impres j sion that he found difficulty in tearing him. self away from bis Engli h associations in order to return to Adelaide this year, not withstanding the extended leave which he took. The unexpected duration of his holiday, by the way, has somewhat annoyed a few of the leading churchmen ; and, for one reason and another, the really good bishop is not likely to enjoy the happiest of experiences for some time to come. One prominent member of the church has been compiling statistics showing the time during which, in the last ten years, bishops have been absent from the various colonies, and the . figures are truly startling. " These imported men," ajzealous Angli can church worshipper said io me just now, "these imported men are altogether too much addicted to home-sickness, When it was proposed to appoint a local bishop-Canon (Sreen was the man in view -I was against the idea; but if it were lurought forward to-morrow 1 should sup port it," Some of the old-style churchmen are wagging their heads because Canon Hop craft preached on Sunday afternoon in the Draper. Memorial Wesleyan Church; but I have not yet seen reported the earthquake ?which was to follow as a matter of course. But how the times have change since one local clergyman proclaimed from the pulpit that " it is a positive sin against God for any member of the church of Eng land to attend a Methodist church," and since another declared that he would rather have his right hand cut off than allow a dissenting minister to preach in his pulpit. And now only a few weeks ago in New Zealand the members of the Wesleyan General Conference were enter tained by the Anglican bishop and his clergy. One more ecclesiastical item to finish with: The clergyman whom Kapunda once knew as the Rev. P. S. Whitington is now archdeacon of Hobart, Tasoiaaia, and a fast-rising man. His health, which was shattered by his labors in New Guinea, has been quite repaired 