EVAONE'S BUDGET. Kyneton, June 6. DEAB CONCOBDIA,— Can it be posaible that another-week has slipped by and thal my letter isdueJ The young ladies of Kyneton are'quite sony that the lectures in connection with iheambulance class are over. 'BrBigby is a great favorite with them, and deservedly so too. He spared no pains to Tender his addresses interesting, and in giving clear, and practical illustration of things to the members of his class. To show then that they appreciate all they have learned at the hands of the popnlar doctor, thcyonght to study hard and pass the examination. And I do trust that the same ladies will show that they are not wanting in courage and presence of mind when tailed on to attend any poor snffierer. Oue of die class is rather nervous In jtfaese matters. My advice to her is to ialways try and face her duties lather than* premeditate a retreat. While on the subject, perhaps a suggestion from me relative to another matter will not read amiss. It is this,ina case of emergency, where any bandagirig has to be done. I wonld advise the " miuist'riug angel" to it one, and not tie up the uninjured limb as one young lady did recently. A mistake such as this might wring from the lips of a witness a couple of oft-quoted lines, which, paraphrased to suit the occasion, wonld read— •' When piXn and angnifih wring the brow, Much more uncertain zit31 nit thou." In connection with Federation many of our fair friends have bpen asked to state their opinions. A Tatura young lady was asked the other day whether if she had A vote she would give it for. or against thcbill I "I'll be neutral,"-die replied^ What will yon do ?" " Well, it's rather late jn the day for me to federate,! mnsttbereforebeananti{anntie)." Another lady, well known m our own circles, declared that it was the duty of all spinsters to favor Federation. On the whole, the allimportant bill has infused a little life into the atmosphere of Kyneton. Some of the drives to the outlying districts proved highly congenial. For, as a rule (when the night is a freezing one), travellers must arm themselves with preventatives against cold (in summer as an antidote to snake bite). Well, one jovial party was returning home very late one night recently. That they had been on the war-path 11 there was little room for doubt. Before they separated one of the number (not an Australian native) broke the momentous silence by " hie "—I'll lay down my life for the cause "—" hie." Over enthusiasm prevented further speech on the part of our friend. My informant answers for the fact that he did not lay down his life for Federation, but laid himself down on the footpath 1 At Malmsbury the other night, at another meeting, the front seats were occupied chieSy by ladies. One party consisted of abont 30 of the gentler sex. These innocent disciples of Federation somewhat shocked their husbands and friends by entering the building late, and crowding themselves into top seats already well filled. They had the bad taste to ignore the platform speeches. In place of politics they discussed " sweets "—not those of the speakers. To the accompaniment of snbdued whispers, the boxes of sweets were passing to and fro dnring the whole of the meeting. How naturally we connect marriages with Federation? Indeed,I myself feel a litUe confused over the matter. Is it any wonder ? Every place I go to lately, even when I drive out to the country to ruralize after the excitement of the town, I find the young people advocating in warm terms—anything in the form of Federation. But our ministers have inculcated in them this strange enthusiasm. Indeed, one minister in a country church lately sent forth the fiat from the pulpit that it was the "duty of young people to federate in the proper sense ot the word." And the hint has been taken by several. To-morrow, dear Conny, a wedding that will possess interest for many Kynetonians will take placc at Footscray. Miss Grace Calhoun, the bride-elect, is a favorite here. The congregation at St. Paul's will remember her as one of their contributing vocalists. She has a very sweet soprano voice. The bridegroom will be Captain Arthur Begg, whose cousins live a little distance out ot Kyneton. The wedding, which is to be a quiet one, will take place at the residence of the bride's father. The latter is the manager of the National Bank at Footscrav. The bride is to wear grey silk, figured "with white true lover's knots. She will also wear a large white felt hat, with white plumes. Already gifted with personal charms, Miss Calhoun is sure to make a pretty bride. Sincerely do I wish her mnch happiness in her new sphere of life. Apropos of such matters. There is just a soupcon of truth in what yon mentioned. Kyneton will shortly be re-visited by a young and equally attractive lady, the sister-in-law of one of our most popular doctors. I amnot wrong in my surmise that her advent will give pleasure to many—and to -cine in -particular. From the many pertinent whispers I have heard I know that 1 shall have further pleasing revelations to make later on. Xt is the season for such delightful follies. And which of us can deny the truth of the lines— " There's nothing half so sweet in liEoJt; ' As Love's young dream." *** Have you heard ol the innovation in Melbourne society—federation" teas J The other day I received a card from' Too rak tor one. I believe they prove most enjoyable functions. An equal number of hostesses join together, and in turn give at their Residences these teas. Half the hostesses invite ladies, the other half-are responsible for-thc gentlemen guests. They really are very agreeable entertainment!;. .Everything, as Jar as can be arranged, is in duet form. For instance, where there is singing no solos are allowed. Selections must be either duets, quartettes, and choruses. After tea, the guests arc expected to remain for the evening. Small tables are dotted round the room, and two or fonr handed games of cards are played until the strains of a waltz float through the houses. An impromptu dance then brings the evening to an end. I have mentioned this so that oar Kyneton ladies may organise similar functions J Quite a large number of ladies are now learning *łwood chipping." And very nice work it is too. Only one has to be careful not to chip her fingers instead of the other material. Pretty baskets to hold violets are easily made by painting with green enamel the little light baskets used for strawberries. A plaited or twisted handle can be made of wire. This, too, should be colored green and tied with a bow of ribbon. A tiny tin should bę placed jq the basket to hold the irater. I have seen some of these ample table decorations, they are really pretty. I am delighted to hear that next month Kyneton will be visited by a couple of distinguished vocalists. Miss Haggle Stirling and Sir Walter Kirby are due here then for a concert Already, although the entertainment is nearly Bixweeksoff vet, Hook forward with pleasure to n tnusiiaLl treat.' Of course, you have heard Mr Kirby sing 1 I really love his mice. : Tenor voices—that is to say,good ones —are now so rare. • In the world of song he has a great future before him. When the celebrated Albani had heard him singiq Melbourne she snddenly exclaimed, He -has a glorious voice. This, coming as it did from the "Queen -of Song," was no small praise. And I quite agree with her. When he does cometo Kyneton, 1 hope Asthore -will be in his repertoire. He sings it beautifully. Much sympathy has been £dt lor the yoon[; tenor In the horribly sad and tragic death of his only sister. It was she, yon may remember, who was killed by a traw'at a lerel crossing in Gippslai^L ^ ; • - I 'have -neither .space nor timelor all my dress notes tlhis week. But! most satisfy you as to the blonseforevenjng vwiar. SŁismay be made of eithorsilkór vflvot; the cheioeof material realiy da«nds moretmJ^eagerf^ie •wearer than anything else. It may be either high or low-necked-if thelatte-jlongsleeves mSstgiveplvcetoshort «£ufi&" £ gathered at the top and-at tihe waist- TOe fulness at the latter may overhang the beltin the Btyle So favored iat preKnt. JJetotemng IB atłhfi left ride, and is hidden b^a bandof ribbon andlarge bows at both shoulder and waist. A transparent material is pleated to form the Siting in at top of blouse, and is finished at the neck with high draped collar. The sleeves are shirred. Two or three very full flounces form the trimming on th shoulder. The part which is filled in at the top is in yoke shape. Bandsof silk or velvet may be nsed as a trimming across the front of the blouse. * * Miss Smith, who has been so ill for some weeks, is now almost recovered from her indisposition. Hour glad her many friends will be to sec her out once more. I have missed her very much. At Sunday school oń Sunday, one of my class gave a most spirited answerr to a question I asked him—"Who was tbe~Vitafiof Endor"? The youthful prodigy put up his hand in the usual confident jsort óf way/jińd answered, ••Samuel's ghośt:"- Can- you -coaccivc anything more J-idiculons. • • - i-:: Several ladies have written tó ask questibiiS about various subjects. "May" writes to enquire how a letter should be folded? I gladly comply with May's request, and answer her. Of coursc, I assume she "alludes to private correspondence. To begin with, the note paper mnst match the envelopes, and be of such a size than when folded exactly in two it will easily fit into the envelope. This is usually a square one. And care must be taken in folding the letter to fold it from the outside inwards. It should be placed in the envelope with the cnt edges at the top, and the side edges to the right of the envelope. "May" also seeks a cure for a nervous headache. Where there are so many excellent physicians amongst ns 1 feel a diffidence in replying to this qncry. Luckily I can do so, for another correspondent has forwarded me what she terms a certain cure. I will give it verbatim, and comment on it after. The remedy prescribed is simply to walk backwards for awhile. Physicians say that it is probably due to the fact that the reflex action of the body brings about a reflex action of the brain, and thns drives away the pain that, when induced by nervousness, is the result of too much going forward. The relief is always certain, and generally speedy. Ten minutes is the longest time found necessary for the experiment. The walk should be slow, letting the ball of the foot touch the floor or the ground first; then the heel, just the way, in fact, that one should walk in theory (Icannot say practice), for the reverse is too often done. Now, on no account would I care to differ too much from " Nina," who has sent me the remedy, but, to my mind, it wonld be well before trying the cure to decide on the field of action. By all means let it be in one's own house or garden. Serious consequences might ensue if tried in thepublic streets. ^Without " back-walking" it takes one all his time to steer clear of passing obstacles. And these are many. Perambulators and road skates might in their turn prove to the afflicted one that more ills awaited them than headaches. In this case the cure might prove worse than the disease, I neally think the doctors who recommended. this treatment for nervous headaches were, to say the least of it, very far-seeing. " Dorothy" writes to ask me to recommend a suitable game for the evenings. I know of two provocative of .much langhter— w The Dorcas Society," and "The Basket Trick." The latter game is suitablefor gentlemen only. In this diversion the ladies are the lookers-on —in fact they have the most " divarshun." A fair correspondent asks me for a nicc recipe for gingerbread. 1 shall be glad if one of the many readers of theOBSERVER will send me one—it may be a better one than those I have. Perhaps then, in retnrn, I shall tell them a little anecdote next week about gingerbread. In the meantime, adieu. EVADNE. f" Evadne" would feel glad if the ladies of Kyneton would contribute any items of " social" interest. If sent to theOBSERVER office before Monday morning, they will be in time for Tuesday's issue.] 