GRANDMA'S CORNER. For Our Catholic Children. ' Dear Children, — I could hardly believe- it ; time seems to be flying so quickly, but it is really and truly a fact, for I see the toys in the shop windows and big notices- telling the passers-by that "We are selling off to make room for Christmas goods,"' &c.;, &c.; When all this is brought before my notice I am bound to believe — even if' I did not want to — that Christmas is very near. I dare say you are all very busy preparing for the coming concerts and dis plays, where, after exhibiting your accom plishments to admiring and loving cr iticsr you will say good-bye to school for this year at least. Well, it will be a very pleasant time ; pleasant, that is, for you who are destined to carry home a prize ; for you who are not so fortunate the day will hardly seem so bright ; but then it will be your . opportunity to sow a good thought, and if you are pleased, and not envious at the good fortune of your school fellows, you will take home a light and happy heart— a gift quite as precious as the finest prize that ever was won : — If happiness have not her seat And centre in the breast, We maybe wise, or rich, or great, But never can be blest : The heart ay's the part ay That makes us right or wrang. All' anxious and excited, as I think you-, must be, about those prizes, Grandma is in. just the same plight, wondering how many prizes, in the shape of letters, she will get' from the little children whose acquain tance she is anxious to make. You see, the- Editor. has allowed us a whole column "all to ourselves," and if we do not fill it up,, oh dear, oh dear, what a disappointment. '11 4. A«A T 4<nnl mill « La Jli ASVIU UilClCj J. ACOI IV "111 llUu Uc it UlSctp- pointment, and that very soon we will be- wishing to trespass on another column. Before this letter appears in print, we- will iiave celebrated a very beautiful feast — the feast of the Immaculate Conception, of Our Blessed Lady. Of course, you all know what that means, or must I tell you. that honoring Our Blessed Lady under that title, we proclaim our belief that- Mary, the Mother of 'God was born free from original sin. I am hoping you are all little clients of Our Blessed Lady. God loved her so much, that if we wish to please Him, we must love Her too. I want you to particularly remember all Her special feast days and learn to understand them. Why, I have heard grown up people speak of the Immaculate Conception, yet when asked what was the meaning of it, they could not clearly explain. I trust none of my young; readers will shoiv such ignorance when, they are men or women. We can'never know too much about our holy religion. We- cannot learn everything all at once, but little by little we shall acquire a great deal. Have you heard of the story of the young man who stood with bent head on the head land of a large piece of ground which he- had to cultivate ? He was dismayed, and. murmured, "I can. never do it, it is too ex tensive," " my son " said his father, "yeu. need not plough all this field todav. Do- you see that little corner marked by a ridge.. That's your day's work, only occupy your self with that now." There was the young man's task light ened immediately. So, my dears, if you. think I have asked you to perform a heavy task, remember I only expect you to do a little at a time. For fear you will think me a very serious old granny, I must tell you about the little boy who was in the- habit of blessing himself so quickly and carelessly, that it sounded like " Name of ' Father, Son, Holy Ghost, Amen." His- mother corrected him and told him to say every word distinctly and repeated it for- him, emphasizing the words that he was in the habit of leaving out. Next evening he> knelt down, and very slowly and with great deliberation said "In- the name of the- Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, and of the Amen, Could there be anything more pleasing than such sim plicity? ,1 agree with one of our great writers who says : There's nothing on earth half so holy, As the innocent heart of a child. Yours lovinglv, GRANDMA. Children are invited to reply to- Grandma's letter. — Replies to be addressed . " Grandma " W. A. Record Office. Stubbornness is as much opposed, to happiness and prosperity, as it is- to intellectual advancement. Deny yourselves, so that you will have something to spare- for those- ' who are in greater need than your selves. She— "Just .look, dear.-. I've; bought a hundred boxes of tin tacks for 3s. 6d." He — " What in thunder did you want to do that for ? They are cheap enough, I admit, but what: are we ever to do with a hundred boxes of tacks ?" She — " Why — ah — -oh, I know. May be some day somebody you have a grudge against will get a bicycle." 