Ladies Letter from Paris. April IC. Joy makes fear. On Easter Sunday a, tragedy took place that, in its general line.". I recalls De Mussel's "FredericetBernevette." ! It is also an illustration of our present out' of-joint times : one uf those anecdotes which are best fitted to write history, according to ; Ueriraee. Lucie was a work girl, aged 18, : very pretty and very correct. Shej was beloved by a young artiain, aged! 22; they were not rich, but as happy as turtle aores could be. They passed the day near Montmorency, gathering primroses and violets in the woods. Her lover had pre sented her with a two sous bouquet of violets for her corsage when leaving Paris for the suburb. In the evening he saw her home, as | blithe and as happy as mortal could be. In ; the morning she was dead: she committed j kuiclde by charcoal ftimes in her little room. ; She left a note stating she "dreaded to lire," had the "disease of life." Why] not die in the fullest moment of jour happiness, before existence becomes clouded, ana its burdens and pains, its infirmities and wrinkle.*, wreck you? She illustrated her butterfly philosophy and died. Paris has a psychic society, open to members; of both sexes. Its object is to divine the j unknown, to read the future, and describe the | state of souls. It was largely supported by j clergymen. Very serious quarrels and dis-1 putes arose concerning spoofs, ghosts, kc, and, to end the turbulence, the Cardinal Archbishop of Paris ordered his clergy to quit the society. It is only another example of the topsy-turvy state of opinions. Some letters of Balzac have appeared, in one of which he describes his visit to George Sand in 183S,'&t; her residence of Xohunt. He arrived after 7 o'clock the Saturday preceding Lent. George Sand was in her dressing-gown, - smoking a cigar after her dinner,; near the corner of the fire in a vast room, and alone. She wore fancy slippers, pretty hose, and red cloth pantaloons. She bad a double chin, like a dean; though suffering from a load of grief, she had not a white huir; her features were dull, bat all ber character seemed to be con centrated in her eyes. It was her custom to go to bed at (j o'clock in the morning and rise at noon. Balzac, when at home, went to bed at 6 in the evening and got up at midnight. For three consecutive days the visitor and bis hostess discussed marriage and liberty from 5 in the afternoon of each day till 5 the next morning. Balzac says she was an excellent mother; she bad quitted bcr sex, and became a man—as it was her wish to be one. Sbc dressed as a man, and taught her daughter, Solange, to wear masculine appareL She had a profound contempt for the public. A movement is on foot to try and restore the ancient family life in France, where the mansion was a patriarchal shelter. Now all is changed. Mothers commence to care less and less to have children; they interfere with the pleasures of society; a §ood nurse, or a residence near a sanitary i airy is for many the one thing nccd&Lj; Bat another plague spot remains to indicate that even when a young lady has a fortune she does not find the gentleman she desires to wed at all anxious for a union. Moralists assert that all this Is due to the looseness of religious ideas abroad. However, the churches never were so crowded—with the fair sex—and on the other hand uerer we men more profoundly indifferent to religio The thirst, the raire to gain money and to expend it is absorbing the whole nature of both sexes. The most notorious proof is the malady, the plague, of betting upon horse Cookery. Bouillon Gras.—A capital rich soup aud an excellent stock. Select acollopof beef or apiece of the thigh or the breast. For every 2} lbs. of beef, pour into an earthen pot 1J quart of water, heat over a mild fire and re then add salt and carrots leeks, turnips &c.f; according to taste, also a burnt onion to give colour; boil 6 to 7 hours over a slow tire: remove fat, and 6tm:u through a strainer and serve. It makes an excellent stock. Deux Sauces.—Au Beurrc uoir: For eg and fish especially. Fry some sprigs "of parsley in some browned butter, pour upon a dish, add a little vinegar, salt, pepper, and heat all immediately in the same pan. 2. Sauce Piquante: Melt in a saucepau a morsel of butter with salt, pepper, a bouquet of fine herbs, and minced eschalots. When all have taken a good colour add flour, wet with stock and vinegar, and boil over a slow fire for 15 minutes; remove grease, strain, seaso with salt and coarse pepper, and, if desired, add some sliced gherkins before serving. Champignons.—Bemove skin, cut the mush rooms in two or four parts, placing them in vinegar and water: drain, place the mush rooms id a saucepan with some fresh butter, salt, pepper, and fine herbs; cook for 15 minutes, while shaking contents, and serve very hot. Foie de Veau Saute.—CalFs liver is a great delicacy in France, and sheep's liver is re jected.* Cut the liver in slender slices after having removed all the nerves, and place the slices salted and peppered in a pan with butter melted in advance. When partly browned, turn the slices, continue the cooking of the other side, add a ghiss of white wine, mix well, range the cutlets of liver in a dish, and pour the sauce over them. 