EB»l y"" I @)HOHJ#TORIII» JHAWFUL EXPERIENCE. iff BV JOHN J. SANDEMAN. i| 4„tbor o£ "Wells Fargo's Box," "Forced to lie Brave," &c.;, &c.; || COPYRIGHT. fig (Continued.) Bra My partner hesitated about advancing nny ggg fnrti,cr Into this unknown country. Alas! It Hg wn3 I that suggested we should continue on fig 0lir Wlly. I pointed out, that even though we fig liod uo landmarks to guide us, and our com- nf| pass might be Influenced by deposits ol minc- Eg| rn, stin We should leave such a plain track Hi on 'the perfectly smooth sand, that we could S| casi|V return If we wished, without nny dun- i® grr of getting lost. 1 had no difficulty In IffiH bringing John to iny way of thinking, for he His was a more adventurous man than I, but did SfS not like to take the whole responsibility on HI bis own shoulders. On wo went for an ||! !,our mid more, and low reefs of partly do- m composed rock began to make their nppcar- Ss| aIlcc> nke a succession of dark waves rolling fH towards us. Suddenly, John Ilnrlow dropped |i| on his kuecs so unexpectedly that I shot over li his head, extinguishing his torch and my HI own. At the same moment there was a tor si rifle crash— a crash so terrible that the earth H skook at the coucusslon. The air displaced ffif by the fall of some huge masses of rock jig rushed past, and the whispering echoes be- P came less and less— then died away. || "What lias happened?" I cried. H "We've come to the emeralds," shouted my 11 partner, still on his knees, nearly putting out %S 1,|S freshly-lighted torch as he waved It wlld- H jy above his head. II "What do you mean? Have you gone mnd? H Did you not hear that awful crash?" I ex- claimed, shrinking back from htm. sgi "Crash? Well, let It crash — Jem, my boy, |H BCC here— look," and with trembling hands ||| be scooped up some sand and hold It towards HI me. "Emeralds! Emeralds!" he shouted, 8$ hoarse with excitement. The ground's alive Si with them! We're millionaires!" S|| I could sec little green specks shining Si amongst the sand, and had I not previously |U received a great fright I should probably H! have been as much excited as my partner. HI Instead of tills I felt angry. j|| "Millionaires are we?" I snhl, pushing Hf away his hands. "Yes, millionaires, add with fm all oar wealth we could not purchase a. crust fi of bread!'1 .. ..ty,.-:..' jH My words brought John to his senses, and HI after n short silence ic said In his usual Ha mnnncr: — HI "Yon are right, Jem. Still, I would rather Hj be somewhere else with my pockets full of j|S emeralds than In here with a crust of bread |3 as big as a church." Then while trying to Ssj scratch one of the green crystals with his M knife lie continued: — "Tliey are emeralds Kg right enough, and more of them thnn I have gj ever seen together in the richest mines in |S tile world." |J We now picked up linndftils of the sand, fil blew away the flner particles, put the stones sjj lu our pockets, and continued to do so for || some lime, llow long I would have remained |j thus employed It is linrd to tell; for as 1 felt H my store Increasing I became more and more a excited, until my partner Impatiently pulled !nie to my" feet, ami, despite my augry pro tests, fairly drugged uie away. Sty excite ment rfoon subsided, yet as tve plodded on thought of wealth and happiness in the fu ture made me almost forget the dangers and dlllleultles of the present. In half an hour or so the nlr became much warmer, and the sand gave place to rocks, hut the thick dust with which they were coated still retained our tracks. And now we hud to stop and discuss a matter on which our lives might depend. We had lighted out last torcl|. The candies, however, being still untouched, wo determined to use half of them before giving up all hope of an exit, for we thought that If we used but one nt a time on our return journey, they would entry us buck to the entrance of the cave. 0 wort' encouraged to. pursue this seem- !!!i i t rS » s courflc.by a circumstance m Inch John considered favorable; ami this was, that the warm air must have an outlet somewhere, or the temperature would have been the same throughout the drnftless country we had. left behind. So without wasting any more time, we ngnlu proceeded on our wny. . 11 Stoat change took place In our l'lie ground became rougher a,,h;""cod' nnd u' wcro obliged to climb heights and depths of which, In the Intense darkness, we could form uo definite conception. Yet, judging by the time It took us to descend some of these orovlcos, a false step meant death. And now, to add to our uaiigcr, llio all- became damp and the rocks slippery. At last we reached comparatively level ground, hut dense mists enveloped ns BO closely that we were constantly stumbling over protruding rocks. Then It grnduullv beenme clearer,' anil the moisture overhead Fas drifting along In clouds. "Ha!" cried my partner, "there must ho a draught of nlr to carry the mists nlbng like that; somehow I feel that our troubles are almost at an end. Scarcely lind the words left his lips than his feet slid from under 1dm, and he rolled down an Incline towards— oh, God! the awful Blglit conies ugaln before my eyes! towards a dark, oily, turbid substance, through which hubbies of gas forced tliolr way, accom panied by little Jets of - steam. With a shriek that froze my blood, he disappeared. And tlieii—somctblng rose, smeared with lime, scalded flesh hung lii rlbbous down Its face, two skeleton hands were raised as though in prayer. Silently and slowly the ghastly thing sank from my sight, and I I r Half frenzied with hqyror I cried aloud: "John Harlow, come back, come back!" A hundred echoes, In seeming mockery, re plied: "Como buck! Gome hack!" ' I was about to fly, but for a minute stood transfixed; by fear. The black, oily liquid rolled about like (lie. tide held back by bois terous winds. Spluttering and hissing, the steam escaped hi noisome jots; huge bub bles dnncod quivering, from place to place, ns though Instinct with life; nnd shapeless tilings seemed crawling, and writhing, amid tlie heaving mnBB. Tlien, with a gurgling roar, from out that hideous lake, a great column of mud shot up, Its summit hidden In the misty darkness overhead. I knew kcnhllng shower must soon descend. I Jo,m Harlow's shriek still rlng- ng in my cars, I rnn In terror from the place, run until I caught my foot against I a rock, my toreli went out, and I came heavily to the ground. As with slinkhn; ,lnvi fumbled for my mntclibox, the darkness seemed peopled with ghastly forms-every wny I looked John Harlow's apparition appeared rising from the ground Tv?iiTr 1 i',1!"1 a "sllt- Then— on— on! Delirious with sorrow and fear,. I rushed roFrenH L!C!'Cd nl'U1S I)m'3,llt Of tile retreating mists, nud between my gasping wMi'fi10" ,i?,!ly.nnor tlleu> to slop and wait foi inc. At last my overwrought brain seemed numb. I burnt my hand with my expiring torch before I lit. a candle to take Its place; felt tired, yet unable to stop and rest; pnssed through heat nud stifling sul phurous fumes, yet though wenk nnd gasp ing, still I staggered on. Suddenly the mists were gone. Looking up I saw them rising as though Impelled by some mysterious power. Grey pillars, formed by the mols- i" ,',e .IT'"!-' '""n above, stood round me. thought tlint they were ghosts, yet I was sane enough to ho conscious that my brain wus giving wny, and shuddered at a shriek of laughter which, whilst I know It to be my own, sounded like that of some demon rejoicing ut my misery. When I lit my last candle, the memory that it was my last brought me to my senses. The terror of being left In the dttVK in that fearful place had' cleared niy bralii. I found myself at the edge of a chasm, with sloping sides, and a cry of thanksgiving burst from my Hps when I felt a cool gust of nlr blowing from' Its depths. Hoping to And some outlet below I commenced the steep descent. The sur-- fuco of the rock being decomposed, and the hollows filled with sand, I frequently lost my footing, nnd slid for some distance be fore I was able to.stop. At last I found a place where I could sit down and rest. '. No sooner-bad I ceased to break the silence by my tread than I heard beneath me the rush of water. "My retreat is cut off," I /cried, despair ingly, nnd sprang to iny feet. — ' iVhlle I leaned forward and tried to "pene trate. the darkness, the rock on which .' I stood, gave way under me, and I fell with sufllclcnt force to dash my candle front my band.. " I rolled over twice, and tlicu whs stopped by a second rock in time to hear tlie first splash Into the water below. It was useless to tlilnk of. finding the candle, for I had jerked It. far out Into tlie chasm; hut I still had some wax matches, and I came to tlie desperate resolution that I -'would still contluue my descent, nnd, ifwriter burred my way, to plunge Into If and drown rather than prolong my sufferings. . : . ' Yet,- when I lit a piece of paper and liold it blazing above my head, I instinctively throw myself backwards ' to save myself from the fate I lind just contemplated. The place where I stood' 'was crumbling. 'under me; small particles of rock were streaming down the side Of the chasm in all directions; and tlie smooth, unbroken-slope below, me, which was now of coarse sauu;-had become disturbed, nnd was commencing, toThove down wards. Splashes,; and a . low hissing sound nt the sand slid' ' into the water told mo tlie destination of this ovahinclic. In another moment I had to drop/the. blazing paper from my baud; illy support gnvo way under me. and I was amidst the moving tide. ' . - I struggled desperately as I sank deeper and deeper In the treacherous stuff. Then, when too much exhausted to make -another' effort to escape, my feet struck something hard, and for a time I was safe on n jutting polnt of rock. . Wlillo l iny there, gasping, I Saw something which Instilled fresh coin-! age Into me. To my left,- some distance be low, I daw daylight. - Then a groan escaped me— the' light- had gone! ' Yet' I could iiot believe that I had been .mistaken; and sud denly, to my relief, I saw the siime thing again, and knew that there was an outlet. Wlint caused it .to vanish and then ronppenr I could not understand, A continual splash ing below warned me to be careful.. Before' moving It.'was necessary that I should see something of iny surroundings. I had no more paper to light, lmt I. still' had plenty of matches. I stuck half a dozen of tliem upright lu tlie.linudle.of my pocketkuifc, lit them, nud looked round me. I was on an island amidst tlie moving snml. Twenty feet below mo, a grent rock, wlilch In shape resembled the steep roof of. some huge building,' projected. front' the slope, of the moving sand nnd divided it .Into two streams; the one to .the right pouring luto Borne underground lake or river, the oho on tlie left making Its way towards the open ing. I felt hopeful when I noticed that the solkl fovnintlon was already beginning to show Itself through the decreasing debris; nnd I lind commenced to think tlint In time I might be nble to cllihb down to the open ing In snfety,' when a new danger threa tened me. Masses of loose rock above me, which had been partly supported by the sand, lind begun to fall, and several boul ders came ploughing down tlie slope. My position was a terrible one; nt nny moment I might be crushed to dcnlh;.tlie very place where I was standing might- give way mid hurl me on to the rock below; or a great boulder block up the opening nnd seal my fate. By this time I had used, up nearly all uiy matches. To be left without tlie means of making a light woultl.be mad ness, nud I quickly made up my mind wliat to do. . I allowed the matches that were alight to hijfii themselves out; then looked towards the outlet. It was uncovered," nud the daylight shining through It made a track along the sand. The top of this strcnk was about in feet to my left, and gathering my self together I sprang townrds It. But my feet struck n piece of rock, and I plunged, head first Into the snml beyond. For a minute I struggled to extract myself, hut the limit to my endurance lind been reached and I became unconscious. When my senses returned, I lay for many minutes trying to think where I was. On either side was a great cliff, above, tlie uioon shone calmly ns she floated through the fleecy clouds. Thinking tlint I lind nwnked from n horrible ilreniu, I wearily raised my liend, nnd looked round me. I was lying nt the base of a huge eone-slinped heap of de composed rock, Its apex resting against tlie cliff, and terminating In some black, ragged object, which I could not quite iiinke out nt first. Soon, however, a peculiar hissing noise struck iny car, and, as I gnzed up wards, tlie black object showed Itself to he a kind of Irregular archway, through which a grey torrent of small pnrtlcles poured down the cone, nnd I knew that It must he tlie exit from tlie scene of my sufferings. For days I wandered In a network of In teresting gorges with perpendicular sides. Oiice with my revolver 1 killed n squirrel, and so badly did I need food that I ate It raw. Another time 1 used my ragged shirt I as a net, nnd caught some minnows In a pool. I have dim memories of Indians giv ing me food; nnd once; I think, they fled be fore me, ns though I were some dangerous | uulmnl. Then one dny I found myself being t carefully tended by rough but kindly hands —some prospectors lind found me. Years have passed since then, and though I linve twice been very poor, the wealth hurled In tlint dreadful place has never tempted mo to revisit the scene of my awful experience. The End.) 