The address to tho electors of Tas mania by tlio Hon John Honry, M.H.A., which wns issued in tlio form of a pamphlet nnd circulated in nil tho papers of any noto in tho Colony on Saturday, is singularly clear nnd per spicuous, so that ho who runs may read. This feature is highly accessary, bo causo there is no gainsaying tho asser tion that electors require much educa tion on tho fodornl proposals before tlioni. Should tlioy fail to avail them- . selves of tho opportunity of becoming posted up well on tho topic tlioy will, after tlio circulation of Mr Henry's pimiphlot, havo only themselves to JaBe. Although, of course, nil will regret the causo which has compelled Mr Honry to givo his viowa to tho peoplo of tho Colony by means of a pamphlet instead of from the platform, the former method of procedure is not without its ndvnntngo; for possiblv only those who attendud ono or other of tho dolognto's meotings would havo had so full an exposition of his views as tlioy obtain by means of his printed address. Wo havo no intention, oven if wo had tho space, to re-produce in these columns, wholly or in part, tho contents of Mr Honrys little book, yet wo certainly will draw attention to sovornl of its main points. But, first of ail, wo wonld mention that tho gonoral tone of . tlio utterance is ono that must comraond Itself to tho public on patriotic grounds, because Mr Honry, in a happy voin, has risen abovo Little Fedlington ideas. In short, he has taken up high Australian national ground. Evidently, he is well soized of tho opinion that, what ever parochial advantages, so to speak, Tnsmanians may surrender in Federa tion— although there, is nothing much to complain of, oven on tills score, — it should be borno with a good grnco in-lho-intoroota of-tho mora important desideratum of federal feelings. Encli colony must give and take in this manner, and wo have no right to claim exemption. The fcoling that wo as journalists havo — and tho gontlomnn 'in question appears similarly impressed —is that, by some extraordinary dis pensation of Providence, Australia is a special appropriation to the British peoplo — that on tho Continent nnd the adjacent islands, there shall bo one peoplo and ono language. Base and contemptible indeed would bo ho who proved falso to such a prodigious trust. Ho would bo a traitor to Tasmania, a traitor to Australia, and o traitor to tlio mighty British Empire. Where, wo would ask, in the whole world does such a spoctnclo present itself as that in this portion of tlio southern hemi sphere — a continent the size of Europe in tho possession of ono race? Cer tainly not in America, Africa, Asia, nor Europo. Tho most glorious mission that any Australian can set himself is, to take such present steps as aro cal culated to enable Australia to remain in possession of tho British peoplo until practically the end of oil tilings. This, we emphatically declare, is best sooured Jby Federation becoming an accomplished foot. For this reason wo urge Tasmanions during the next few weeks to road, aye, and study, their representative's expressions. If thoy do, wo ennnot seo how tlioy would, in tho ordinary courso of ovonts, fail to beconio staunch and consistent fodorationists. Now, descending to details, Mr Honry rightly plumes him self on tho fact that, in the constitu tional portion of tho Federation Act, Tasmania has come off remarkably well, in that she will send to tho Fedoral Parliament no less than six senators, or precisely tho samo number as that of each <lf the larger colonics, besides which Mo will have at least fivo members y tlio Houso of Repre sentatives, wlijbrcas, wore tho numbor of the latter loosed only on population, wo would have just three. Thus, no nnti- Fedoratfonist can say that any of our big brothers across tho water is to out- vote us, ;Aa to that highly prao- 1 tical aspect of tlio question— tho ad ditional cost to this Colony under Federation— tlio enhanced expense will n<5t, at most, oxcccd £15,000 an nually, nnd probably will bo loss, a sinn so insignificant ns, considering tho isnuo at stako, not to bp worth a momont's sorious thought. Tho Pro tectionist bogoy, too, has beon raised horo hy tho wheat-growers, who pro fess' to foartliab Fodoration will throw them opon to' the' competition of thoir confreres, on. tho mainland ; but this ghost our mombor quickly lays by pointing out that atprosont brendstuft's nro doaror to-day ill Molbourno than in Tasmania ; that, if no protoctivo tariff oxistcd on tlio other sido, our own market would notuqlly-bo slightly hotter. Thon Mr Honry comes in with tho dofonco phase of tho subject. Although not touching on this_ first, wo nevertheless, as wo havo indicated ilia previous nrticlo, doom it ono of tlio primary objects of Federation. Not one' of tho Australian group lias bungled its dofonco arrangements bo littorly and completely as Tasmania ; therefore, an onormous gain would nccnto wore tho naval and military preparations of this island in othor than our own hands sololy. On that 0110 point alono Tasmania would woll boar tlio oxtra pecuniary cost of Federation. Last, but not by any means least, Mr Honry asks, regarding gonoral . - considerations, — " Wnat po sition would, Tasmania bo in. if Aus tralia fedoratos, and wo nro out of it?" "Wo pause for a bottor reply than our own. which is. that it would bo a na- tional calamity for Tasmania ; sho would bo a political outcast; ignored, mid reckoued of no account at all in tlio comity of nations. On tho other hand, if site falls into lino With the othor colonies, sho will ho ablo to spenk on nny question nffccting hor welfare from outsido as one of tho great eonferations of tho world. Ono more little point, a purely local ono, is tho fact that, lis Mr Henry says, under tho unrestricted intercourse to bo secured undor Federation, a groat impotus will bo given production oil this, tho North-West Coast, especially in a variety of articles now neglected. All Fedorationists should remember thnt C000 votes in favor must bo re corded on Juno 3, fniling which Tns- maitia will bo out of it ; furthermore, that, supposing G000 aro secured for it. nnd a fnw dozen ovor 6000 in onno- sition, Tasmania will still be excludod. There must bo a majority in favor to secure Federation, but unless there bo 6000 ayes in any coso thoy will not count. So hero is work for public- spirited Tasinanians, in urging weak- kneed supporters to move forward nnd do tlio riglit thing nt tho right timo. On tho authorities devolves a woighty responsibility iii providing necessary polling booths in country districts. Tho Inrge centres of population may bo efficiently served, but in the more remote parts careful attention to this matter is requisite. Littlo practical bonofit will nriso from mentioning an other feature, nnd tlint is that a sorious oversight occurred when provision wns not mndo for electors voting in othor than tho colonios in which they are domiciled. No inattor in what- Aus tralian colony a man may' happen to rosido on Juno 3, his opinions , on Federation would bo just tlio same, and ho should be allowed to giv o expres sion to them. Tlio votri will bo on ii gonoral Australian principle, but as moving between Victoria nnd West Australia, nnd between Tasmania and the mainland, will bo : disfranchised, which is a matter for deep regret. Parliament will meet at Hobnrt to day, for, it is said, "the despatch of business " ; but, savo and oxccpt tlio appointmont of a successor on the judicial bench to tho Into lamented Sir W. L. Dobson, and . the matter ns to whether a third judgo shall bo appointed, it does not seem that there will bo anything " despatched," tlio financial and all othor business being hold over until nftor tho adjournment, so that it can he seon in tho mean time how tho Federation cat may jump. This is as it should bo, for at this early period of the year the Treasurer could not place his Financial Statement before membors and the country, and it is just as well that tho leaders of tho people should at 'this juncture have what time thoy can afford from thoir private concerns to instruct tho electors as to the Con stitution whioh it is proposed thoy shall accept. The presont sitting of tho Houso, though, may. not, nftor all bo of so brief a duration ns somo imagine. The North is likely to require, after the way in which it lias been jockoyed in. tho past over tho business, a very definite plndgo thnt, in tho event of a third Judge being appointed, ono of . the occupants oi cne nencn snail rosuio in Launcoston ; and if that is not conceded, tho proposnl to appoint a third J udgo will meet with vory stout opposition from -this end of tho island, whioh will prolong tho poriod during which members will bo asked to attend to their Parliamentary duties. And, moreovor, it is tho unexpected which happens in politics, so that calculations in this regard may bo upsat. But it is to bo hoped that tlioy will not, for nt this timo it will bo woll if the at tention of tho peoplo 1b not distracted from the great national question they havo to answer next month. During tho past fow days tho weather in this district, nnd nlong tho Const, lm boon remarkably fino and phrosnnt, but tho nights hnvo boon uncommonly cold for so early in tho wintor season. On Saturday and Sunday nights tho tempera ture was extroinoly low. whito frosts boing obsorvnble tho following mornings. All incoming vossols report fino weather nnd calm seas. Two shnrp frosts (writes our Latroho correspondent ) preceded two beautifully fino days in Latrubo on Sunday and yesterday. Saturday and Sunday woro bright and sunny (writes our Woslny Valo corres pondent). hut ou both nights thoro woro sovero white frosts, whioh nipped tho young grass and oats, the latter ahioli, up to thon, had been coming on nicoly, nro now turning yellow. On Sunday morning, and again yester day morning (writes our Sheffield corns- i nondcnl), wo had white frosts, with ! bright, sunny days following. Our Stanley correspondent wrote on ' Friday : — Tho woathor hero is vory . broken, heavy rain squalls passing over continually, A beautiful moteor was obsurved about 1 1 o'clock last night in t ho unrlli- wustui'u portion of tho sky. It descended siowly from the zenith of thu horizon, giving forth a palo groonisli lignt.vhioli, dospito tho oloar moonlight prevailing at tho timo, was distlnotly refloated for a s eond or two on the ground nt Dovonport, Tho following aro 'tlio returns at tho local Customs office for tlio five days oiuicd Sat unlay: — Dutios: Tobacco, £8 8s; other goods, £I3713s6d; total, £1-16 is Od. liond charges : Runts, 6s 101. Marino Board charges : Wharfage, £8 4s; light duos, £20 1 3s 3d : pilotage, £8 8s; harbor-: duos, £19 (Is Od ; total, £0(1 lis Od. Grand total, £203. Tho total fur tho corresponding period of -last year was £136 18s. At tlio request of a numlior of doctors in tho Kentish district, tho following peti tion has been drawn up' by Sir John llopo : — " To tho Hon John Honry, M.II.A., — We, tlio undersigned oluotois of Dovonport, herewith regret that it is your intention, through ill health, to re sign your position us mombor for Daven port. Wo pray that you will rccoiuiidcr your intention of resigning, and, if neces sary, tako throe or four months' lenvo of absence from your publio duties. As our member, and if at the oml of four months your modical advisor should recommend you to retire from your position, wo will thu'n, accept your resignation with pro found rogrot." Tlio potition was read nt tho inuutiug of ratepayers on Saturday afternoon, nnd a largo numbor of signa tures were .obtained.'" The Hon J. II. McOnll, M.L.O., loft by tlio morning train yesterday for Hohart. Mr O. H. Hall, M.H.A. for Waratnh, ar rived at Dovonport yostordny morning by tlio s.s. Australia, and took tho inidday train on routo for tho Wost. Mr John MeThvraith, of Melbourne, uwnor oi the s.s. 1' miners, lins ucun nil a visit to tho Const during the lost fow days, lie loft for Hohart liy yesterday morn ing's train. Mr Motlwrnith is said to havo been partly on ploasuro and partly on business boat. Tho funeral of Mrs John Poiroo (writes our Wesley Valo correspondent) took plnco on Tuesday. It was largely attended, and tho Rev J. L. Cnpo delivered a nmst impressive addross in tho church, which was must attentively listened to. 'l'lio funeral of tlio lato Mr nonry Wii Hams, of Gaivler, took plucc at Ulvorstono on Sunday afternoon, ami was vory lurgoly attended, tho precession extending somo n!x hundred yards, and including ovor 40 vehicles. Tho funeral service was conducted by tho Revs J. E, Walton and J. Rogers, and tho burial took placu in tho general cemetery. Mr John Rockliff, who was run ovor in Latroho last week, is now much bettor, nnd hopos nro entertained that ho will rc- A threo-yoar-old daughter of Mr W. Foskelt, of Latroho, mot with a painful accident on Saturday. The child was playing near a fire in thu yard whuu hor dress caught alight, nud beinro tho Untiles could bo extinguished hor loft side, arm, fnoo and neck wore vory sovoroly burned. Tlio child was taken to Mr A. Dargavillo for I rest mailt, and on Sunday was very much hotter. Within thu last fortnight (writes our Stanley correspondent), two old residents have passed away— Mrs Hills and Mr Ourrio, both hoing ovor 70 years of ago. Una matter— that of tho recreation rosorvo nt West Dovonport — regarding which tho Right Hon tho Prcnuor was interviewed yesterday weak nt.Devonport received prompt attention. Yesterday the secretary, of tho Dovonport Town Board roeoivod a telegram from tlio right hon gentleman, stating that the request of tho deputation, per tlio vesting of tho ad ditional land in tho board had boon com plied with Mr P. R. Roberto, lion treasurer of tho Sheffield Firo Relief . Fund, has roouivoil from thu chairman of tho contral com mittee, a clicquo oqual to tho amount roooivod hy tho Sheffield committee in ' i...! o f.. n ii... ouuauLipuuua, nuiu iur im uiu amount collected. Tho Sheffield fund amounts to nhout £230, which, with the Stnto subsidy added, will tot up to £4G0, to bo distributed to tlio sufforcrs by tlio recont bush fires. The annual mooting of lindholdjrs in tho Kentish Plains Uoiut District was huld at Wilson's Ho'ol, Sheffield, ou Saturday. Mr W. It. Jones was elected chairman, Mr John Hope clerk, and Messrs G. Dyer and J. Duff scrutineers. Four candidates having been nominated to fill tlio throe vacancies caused by tho reLiromenc of Messrs J. Boulchor and W. Milno nnd the resignation of Mr A. Tiirnbull, a poll was taken, which resulted in MrBoutchor heading tho list, securing 75. votes. Mr W. Milne came vory close with 73, and tlio other vacancy was keenly contested by Messrs S. F. Oliver and J. B. Mason, the latter securing 54 votes and the former DO. Throe plumpers woro rocorded in Mr Oliver's favor, and one each fur Messrs Boutcher nnd Milne. Tho elected trustuos toturned thanks for tho con> fidonco placed in them by tho ratoiayers. Tho annual election of trustees in tho Horton Bond District was field on Satur day,- and our c-ircspoudeut telegraphs that tho following woro returned : — Messrs 0\. T. Smith, T. G. Haywood, and W. Wells. Tlio two first-named gontlomen wero re-elected. A meeting was held in tho W.O.T. Q. Hall on Sunday night, after thu uhurch services (writes our Sheffield correspond ent), at which Mrs R. II. Davis presided. Mrs Nichull.H (colonial president of tho Australian W.O.T. tJ.) gave nil iiddrcss, in which hIio urged members to always wear the badge of the society, and to endeavour to do all in their powor to was a good attendance. A plain nud fancy dress ball, undor tho auaijices of th » Cam Oriekot Club, was bold in tlio drill hall on Friday night (writes our correspondent), whmi them was a large attendance, about GO couplus boing on tho floor at one time. The drosses were of all colors ami shapes, nnd to particularise would take up nioro room than could bo s|>are'l, but I may say nil looked charming. Mrs King, sour, was responsible for the supper, which was all that could bo desired, both for quantity and quality. Messrs Laird Bros nnd W. Ilaino supplied the music (piano and violins), giving genoral satisfaction. Dancing was kept up with vigor until 5 o'clock on Saturday morning. Tho want of a poliooman was severely felt, ns several young mon, who should havo known bettor, mado tluunsolvcs con spicuous by gotting intoxicated, and using languago tho reverso of choice, bcsldos perpetrating sovoral acts of larrikiniam, such as cutting harness, I wish it to bo understood that these wero outsiders, so that your readers may not think tlio rosnectablo portion wore responsible ns their conduct whs irroproachabio. — Farmers are vory busy ploughing, nnd, when a big Bteatnor is at Burnio, cartintr produco. The splendid prices for pota toes makes everything mora cheerful. A publio meeting will be bold this even ing, at 8 o'clock, in tho Congregational church, Wost Devon(iort, when Mm NiohoIIs (tho Australasian president of tho Women's Christian Tcmperanco Union) and others will deliver addresses. To morrow evening, at 7.30, the Loyal Tem perance Legion will niako its annual demonstration, in tho Dovon Instituto. Thoro will bo a collection at each gather ing. Tlio annual meeting of tho North western Football Association will bo hold in the Formby Hall this evening, at 8 o'olook, Tho committee mot yesterday for tlio purposo of dealing: with tondors for tho work of removing tho- Catholic Oliuroh from East to West Dovonport. Three tondors had boon sent in, but the com- mittco considered thorn too high ; const)- quontly, for tho presont, tho work is loft in abeyance. One nrioo was mora than twioj tlio amount that it had boon ox- pectcd tho work could bo executed for. Tho caso of Honry Dobson v Tho Quben wns concludod at llolmrt on Saturday, when tho jury returuod a vordict for the plaintiff for £120, for tho dolivoration of the property lind tlio destruction of views. Tho amount of damngo by tlio dostruotion of tho building and contents will.be as sessed by arbitration, and wliott that is dono a verdict will bj entered up for llio total amount. Farmers in the Circular Iload distriot arc pushing on with thoir ploughing, nnd gniss feed is getting plentiful. Somo of tho drains in Newtown (writes our Latroho correspondent) are in a very bad state. Grass has beon allowed to grow in thorn till there is no got away for tho water. Seoing tho great Amount of sickness thoro lias boon, and -still is, in Latroho, - this matter calls for im mediate attention. . On Thursday Air and Mrs Charles Jon- kins, of tho Penguin, will oelobrato their golden wedding, and wo nro informed Hint some 400 guests have buun invited. The proceedings will comimmco with a grand dinner in the Itillo Hall at midday, the jovial gathering continuing throughout the day, and probably till the small hours of Friday. Two young men, Almost in a stnto of nudity, engaged in a bout of fisticuffs in Latroho ut about midnight on Saturday. Thoy havo' been summnnod to. apponrnt tlio local Police Court to-day. I tin Tsilnilii! Pdllon Cnnrl viabwlnv. hoforo P. 6. Maxwoil, Ksq, P.M., Ed ward Koileher wns fined CfYYind - costs, with the alternative of forty eight hours' imprisonment, for boing drunk and dis orderly at Lntrobo on Sunday. Thoro wns a representative, if not largo, nttondniico at thu meeting of axemen and others interested in Imshmeu's sports, in tho Town Hall, Ulvorston; on Satur day afternoon, and Dr McCnll was voted to the chair. Mr H. A. Nichulls rend from " Tho North-West Post " tho notioo convening tlio meeting, and moved-— "That an axotnett's sports meeting bo hold at Ulvorstono on Thursday, Dec. 1, 1898, anil that it bo ngraod that 7o per cent of tlio gate money ho used in paying nrrcara of prizes now due to axemen ; that tho prizes ndvortised' this year ho paid without nny restrictions or reduc tions whalovor ; that tlio programmo bo Arranged hy tho committee nt a biter date. Sccondod hy Air Henderson, nnd carried. — Tho following committoo were nppouncu iuussrs a, \v. i-icKecc, a. Marquis, J. W. Bums, J. Pet lit, 0. Bost, 0. W. Sioe, It. Clmtwin, A. Goold, 0\. McFhorson, and A. Robortson ; lion trcasuror, Mr It. \V, Hoi brook ; secre tary, Mr O. Henderson. —It was resolved to hold a general meeting in July to nr- rango the programmo.— A discussion en sued on a large amount of corrospondonco between tho Association nnd tho editor of "Tho -AustralAsian Ironmonger," in refurenco to an international competition botweon English, Amoricitn, ana Euro pean firms interested in the axo nnd saw trades of tho world, to ho carried out under tho Axemen's Association, nnd in connection witli which tho editor, in con junction with. "Tho London Iron monger," offered £50 prizes, and, to make the whole of the firms likely to compoto fully acquainted with the fuots so as to havo largo entries. Mr Nichols explained thu manner in which tho con tests would bo carried' out, and also gave particulars of prizes offered by other firms, and moved— "That this meeting gratefully accepts tho offer of thu editor of 'Tho Ironmonger,' and agrees to the terms for contests, and will add £50 to tho prizes offered, and will award n'gold modal in the maniif icturer whoso tools are victorious in each caso, tho mooting to be held on tho North-west Coast of Tasmania during tho first wock in Decem ber, 1800, nnd tho tools for tlm contests to bo in tlio hands of tho Association hy tho first wook in August, 1898, so ns to givo timo for thorn to bo sharpened by an expert." Seconded hy Mr Goold, and carried.— Tho meeting closed with a veto of thanks to tlio chairman. As previously stated, tho Lowor Bar- rington Athletic Association has dooidod to postpone its animal fixturo till a later dato this year, substituting, probably, the Princo of Wales' Birthday for thnt of Hor Majesty on which to hold the annual gala. A number of the residents, however, thought it n pity to let the Qneon's Birth day slip by without holding n fixture, even though it might not bo on so exten sive a scalo as thognthoringof tho associa tion, and, consequently it was decided to call a mooring to considor tho matter. That was held at Liwer Bnrrington on Saturday evening, and thoro woro a good number presont. Mr J. C. Cooper wns vosod to thu ohuir, and, after discussion it wns decided to hold n sports meeting on tho Quoon's Birthday, adding about £10 to tho sweepstakes by competitors. It was also dcculod to register the moot with tho Northorn Tasmania!) Athletic Associ ation, nnd a connnittoo of twenty was ap pointed, with Mr E. G. Coleman as secre tary and Mr A. Moore troasuror. It was decided to advertise the full programme in "Tho North-West Post" on an oarly date. The barquontino Sydney Bollo, 1178 tons (says a Sydnoy Ul-grara), has been fitted up for Kciontiflo exploration in tim South Seas, which is about to bo con- ducted hy Miss Hastie, a weallhy Scotch lady. Mr 0. S. Wedetiby, who is Miss rxasuus roprcseniniivo, says muriy ovory ordinary branch of soiuntilio research will ho undortnkon. There is a good field for arclueological research among tho many peculiar ruins at Easter Island. Con- chology will not lie neglected, and a 1-uly nuniod Miss Price will ncoomjwiny tho party as botanist. Mr Wodonby under takes tho mutooroiogioa! and nnthropn. logical department. It is intended to take several phonographs, with a view to obtain recoids of thu different nutivo languages. Mr Henderson goes ns photo- grapher; Mr F. W. Christian, well- known in New Zealand us a Polynesian linguist, as interpreter ; and Mr F. O. Huddleston, formerly of Mount Conk, Hermitage, Now Zealand, as naturalist and collector. Altogether, apart from thu officers of tlio vosaol and tlio craw, tho party will number 15 persons, Tlio expedition is timed to lenvo Wellington on May 14. Tho first plnco to he called at will probably ho Itapn and Pitcairn Islands ; then will follow Austral, Cook, Friondly, Fiji, Samoa, Loyalty, Mar quesas, Solomon, Now Hobrides, and Now Caledonia Islands, and tho Low Archipelago. Tho publio aro invited to attond a meeting in the Formby iiall this evomng, at 8 o'ctock, to form a committoo tu further Federation in the district. It in to bo hoped that ns many as possible will attend, as u plan of operations will be arranged to secure an effectivo poll on Juno 3. Prior to the abovo mooting, tho usual meeting of the Australian Natives' Associntiou will bo hold. Mr T. Collott will hold an unrcsorved | sale of household furniture and offcct-\ : thu property of Sir J. T. Brown, nt Ui- 1 vorstonc, on Friday wcok. ' j Mr J. Bramich's farm near GreonM I Creek, consisting of 220 acres of good 1 potato kind, will ho submitted to public ! competition' by Mr 11. W. McKonzio at' his man, Launoestou, on Tuesday, ab noon, !, A conceit in aid of Ihuih7r7:5! , was given hy the moniker of ift'W OreoTc Banff In tho 1' i-uliiy evomng (\vrilut m,r " 'i'11 oi rospunffunt). . Mr C. Field;..,, SUI11 "«' tlio olmir. Tlio nttoiuhncc wi.T.,U|" thu hikings nt tho door l)..;,,.', £. "'""t'J which is considoroff smith Th„ "Hi item, n soloction, -Irish oLTS ronfforoff by the bond in tlio tistni \ H msnnor MmsBray .'g West," Miss Emery foil, citfttion, "The tenement limiw" ..W villngo blncksmtth" wns mui" L v"1 Wilson. Mr W. Brown, wlm ,.L ' full voico, KlUlg, "Tho I,., glory," which wns well rccrivcff ter1 tirouglit tlio first iini'tof the oiHrrlniH to n cir, by pluying „ g.U country," wlncli was nisu KiV(!, stylo. Tho second part H pianoforte solo by Mrs MilcMl .3d wns much npprccintcd. Miss followod with llio woll-woru »„n» ..'iff donr littlo Shnmrock," unit wns (Jj applauded. : Tlio liaml follutrwi «S,1 soloction, "My Polly," ,„ul Mr 'J J rundurod "Au rovoir," in good style J Bnilnntyno swig, with some fore "y J look bohind," which was well 'rJj"! Tho band brought tho miterUm,,,,.! close with 'tlio galop, "Wldo.d Jl Mrs Mitchell acted as nccoiiqvmist ?l usual votes of thanks were aeciir.wJl who had assisted, and the liberal aimU-l during tlio evening showed tlmt 1 nudionco were (piitu well Hatisficd. 1 There aro twoways in which tlm vJ fedomlionistB aro carrying mi tho fJ against the Cnmnionwciulh Bill (tj " Tho Australasian"). Ono is hy fj.1 it from tlio front, nnd declaring their J position boldly. Tho other meth .jl sneaking bohind to ntloinpthanisuin'j Tho liumstringora pretend to bo M zealous for federation, hut they 1 nlarinod nt tho ffmiucint imKmect Til triimiro statists nnd doetriu.tiru 'J oditora" havo coino forwanl with of figures to prove that llio Foii.ml jl liamcnt will not bo ablo tn mho rovenuu througli the customs tn II moot federal expenditure and kcq»l provincial governments going ! Tin/ A stringers say, " Tiioso statists airi editors' nro nob boing nnswered, ill tho situation awful?" What is tii;l of answering them, or indeed any'ornolo wlmtovor, whop, prapkol hoing indulged in ? Can any c! J stances bo concoivcd in which it hjl Btblo to oonvinco an oracle when it cVfl to onter on prophecy ? It pmntj itself infalliblo and procood.Q, nut cfi powers of iuvontion, to draw up facttfl figures which it pronounces unelnlfl ablo. The fact that a man of the llii nnd kusinoss standing of Mr MicM'B of Sydney, adopts the fmauuini a sufficient answer to the forccaiti J tho thoorotical statists nnd irru.sp <'m city editors aro issuiug. Itisenuuil those whohyiiovo in federation to knoil tho Federal Pariinment will coasisfl mombura thoroughly couqictout tol with difficulties far trausceiuiin; m which the statists have raised. Theil ments which the wouhl-bj luunst J aro basing ou tho alarmiHt views (7H doctrinaires are (wliun tho dispel stripped nil) argumonU against fodm The Star of the Forth Tout, 111 will cclobratu its anniversary by a t.ifl public meeting to-morrow. I To-morrow, at 11 o'clock, at liiitl Mr T. Collott will oifur at auction a tufl nroperty nt tho Penguin, and anotbj Ulvorstono, Thu former comprisdl acre of lnud and an oight-roomud kfl in a good situation for a dwoffiifl the latter U a well-built dwcllmg- hoaitl Reibey street, Ulvorstono. I Mr G. Atkinson will hold lm sn» stock sale at Sheffield on Tuesday, mM the following day ho will hold nightly, salo at his Latrobe yards. H Mr Luc-adou-Wolis, dental aarj.uf, H Launcuston, commences nCmcc vwH \ Jlvoratonoon Tuesday week, at O'Mnfl Hotel. Ou tho following day 1u at Wiseman's Hotel, Burnie, aniH conclude his tour nt Wynyml the day. H 