SEDWARDENOFTHE RE CHAPTER L-THE BUJLDINtJ OF TIIJL "WARDHR." The Marine Board of Port Endeavour, the capita! aud chief harbor of Cooksiand, had for long; turacJ a deaf catto petition? presented by many ship- Tnas:or-=. coasting :> n<l foreign. that the Oat and Is ii tens Reef should be either Lell-huoied or lit from a stationary vessel. The Board's contention was inai. as the Point. Mangrove Light. in addition to its chief duty, also threw a green ray between the bearings of S. % •W. and S.S.E., tour cables east of the reef, suc-h was ample warn in.? to enable vessels to clear the dangerous Oat and iier family. Two brigs and a coasting sehouuer had already c-.imu to grief on the just awash rocks. Skippers and mates hud lost their certificates. and some their lives: and all the survivors swore lo the absence of "the green ray." Bui. us •the Board knav it must have been there, the excuse aval Jed nothing. One night, however, the President of ifch-e .Uu.-ird himself, coming up from the south in dirty weather on the Palmetto, all at once was awakened from sleep by a nasty thumping and bumping thaJt nearly shook him out of his bunk. Hushing up on to the bridge in his pyjamas, he shouted to the skipper—old Jack Haynes—"What's the matter now? [Where the deuce have you got the. ship?" "Hard and fast on rhe Cat and Kittens." replied old Jack. c.-Jmly. " And now wheres your cussed green ray, eh?" As a, matter of fact, nothing at. all was visible except a. smother of while foam leaping with jovfu] crashings on the fore •part of the little steamer, and Point Mangrove Light bearing- exactly as it should have done to enable the Palmetto to dear the reef. "But I've seen the green light myself many a time?" exclaimed the President, as lie hung on and shivered to windward, whilst 'the engines rattled and Clattered full speed astern for all they were worth in a vain attempt to get out o£ the Cat's claws. "So've I," replied Haynes, placidly, ' in clear weather. But not in a southerly emo!ther like this. Just such another Blight it was that njy brother Jim ran on to 'em, in ihe Star of Judah. . And you brokei.bim*.for; and%ra liim lie ivvas 110 sailor because lie couldn't see your cussed green ray. Now, when you get to kingdom-come and meet those other poor chaps there,' you'll have to admit that even Murine Boards don't Saiow everything." And with a short laugh the old captain turned away. But eventually, the lifeboat coming out to them, they all escaped just by the skin of their teeth, leaving- the old Palmetto to be crushed to pieces by rocky ilangs :\nd claws. And the President being, when convinced, as he was that night, on the whole a just man, not only caused the captain's certificate to be returned to Siim. but saw, too. that he got another Ship. Still, to the end of liis life, he Ewore that old Jack Haynes had shoved Ills vessel oh to the reef simply because jthe President of the Marine Board hap pened to be a passenger. However, this was the little incident that quickly caused tenders to be called [ lor the construction, locally, of a bellbuoy. And inasmuch as all young countries like big things, this buoy was to be (Very big—a record buoy, in fact, carrying a bell as big as a drum. Sam Johnson, of the Vulcan Foundry, rcvas the mail who got the contract, not Ibecause he was the lowest tenderer, but ibecause he was the only one. Other artificers fought shy of the business. Doubtless they could construct the buoy: but the bell bothered them. And by the terms of the contract everything was to be made Svitliin the colony. However, nothing daunted, Sum and his men and h>s one apprentice went to work, with the result that, in a few weekr?, a huge cone of riveted sheet-iron lay in his yard. Each apex of the cone was fiat. To the bottom one was bolted a great staple for (the mooring-chain; on the top one, hung from a cross-head supported by two uprights. an oblong-shaped fabric of iMuntz-metal with, inside it. a tongue as big as a very big water-bottle. This was the beli. And it swung any way to the lightest touch, giving forth a dull boom, that Johnson swore c-oulfl be beard at Flat Island Light, twenty miles down the coast. Take one of those Australian bullockbells their owners set such .store by. and which resemble in shape nothing su Touch as a3! oval-sided jug, long and narrow, and whose hollow knock, knock can be heard a tremendous distance : then multiply it indefinitely, and yon Will have .u faint conception of.what this great bell was like. As for the buoy, 5.t was bigger than any of its family to fee-seen in Portsmouth Dockyard. And there are some vary big ones there. 'And as it lay on its side, with its third coat of bright red paint just dry, and its gaping man-hole waiting to be (hermetically sealed, the Marine Board and the harbor-master, and all the seafarers of the port, came and inspected it, and pronounced it "a good job," and congratulated its builder, and prophesied that now the Cat and Kittens should iCLaim no more victims. Of course there was a lightship clique .Who growled. But they were in a minority, and unpopular because the magic word "retrenchment" was just at tthat time in the air. And a lightship ,would be a very expensive matter. Besides, the buoy was a local article manufactured neither in Great Britain nor fGermany, but in Cooksland, and probably the first, as it certainly was the biggest, in all the colonies to be thus made. Therefore, prior to placing it in position, there assuredly must be the WHual Greater-British feeding and drinking to mark the event, and show those jealous Southern States what Cooksland could do at a pinch when called upon. lAad the pretty daughter of the Governor of the great, grim, stone gaol, up there on the hill,-was presently asked to give the buoy a name and break a bottle '»-»£ wine over its steep sides, up and down and across which rows of round-headed rivets ran like buttons on a coster's Sunday coat. Perhaps a touch of her own peculiar environment, lent itself to the suggestion, \- as- after a moment's thought, the Wovc-rnor's blushing daughter pulled the string, and in clear tones, as the bottle smashed: ") name you the Red (Warder. And may you ever keep faith- Iu! watch and ward, warning- with loud .voice through storm and darkness the ships to avoid the. cruel rocks we put y>ju in charge of." Without any preparation, it was prettily said, and the cheers that greeted ihe little speech echoed loud and long from many a lusty throat whose owner "Used the sea. CHAPTK ! .l 11.- THE CONDEMNED 1 CELL. Meanwhile. above them in the prison over which her father reigned supreme, a man sat in ihcondemned cell, waiting for death. From far inland they liad. brought him. captured by the Black Cofi.ce. after much hunting i.f thai wild land where the Big Lignum Swamp runs MP nearly to the spurs <>C the Basalt [Ranges. "Combo" Carter, so cali.-d !»-cui:sv of fais babiv'of at tinier associaiiie-; with trr.- bU'-vks. ar.& for long spells iiving- as one EF. of , was still quite a rig,,.-"'' lis a ii—not yet throe - audtweniy. Borne at one of the border township.-- of the hinterland. ev:-n- as a boy he had begun his career by -yming th«- reputation of an expert horse-thief. Moving farther out. h<\- and a gang of other rogues had "liven on the game." as they termed it. i.e., sickling- stock and taking them South for sale. But. this business proving too tame for a • born desperado like Carter, he, owe day, made his appearance in his birthplace bent on bigger mischief. Quito alone, mounted oil a splendid horse, and with a couple of revolvers stuck in his belt; cabbage-tree hat at the back of his head; blue shirt, titling-breeches and boots, he rode down the dusty single street of the little township that lay roasting in the fierce western sun. Halting in front of the weatherboard branch bank of Cooksland, he swaggered inside, and at once covered the manager with I tiis pistol, ordered him to "bail up." Cut the other, instead of doing so, made a dash for a drawer in which was a revolver. Kven as lie moved, Combo »=l:ot him dead. Just then the eldest son. a boy of fifteen, entering, and boldly rushing at the murderer, fell over his father with a itullct through his rfioulder. But now some of the townspeople, aroused by the shooting, were making for the bouk: and Combo, seizing a packet of notes from the open safe, ran out. and, keeping the people at bay with his pistols, mounted, and rode .vay in safety. The very next day he robbed and killed a travelling hawlier, throwing his body into the tilted ca.rt containing- the latter"s stock of goods, and setting the lot on fire. Then, driving the unfortunate man's liorses before him, he had made hack into the wild fastnesses of the Basalt Ranges, to live- there a solitary outlaw, until, after months of weary tracking and trap-setting, at last the troopers, white and black, had made a surround and a capture. Sueli was the man who sat in the condemned cell at Endeavour Gaol — a human tiger, whose face, with its long, straight, thin- lipped mouth, high cheekbones, and slits of restless black eyes that seemed always trying to see each other over the flat, fleshy nose, formed a fit index to tlie cruel, brutal character of its owner. A fair type, "Combo," of the back-blocks bush-native, who fears neither God, man, devil; nor any living tiling. Tlie condemned cell at Port Endeavour is merely a stone eagc with the fourth side—the one that opens on to the broad corridor—formed of stout iron! bars, in which is a wicket gate, just large enough to admit of one man passing through. And here, on the night after the christening of the "Red "Warder," sat Combo Carter, in the full glare of the electric light, watching with tigerish eyes the prison guard as he patrolled, rifle on shoulder, the length of the corridor, pausing each time he came opposite the bars to glance at the silent figure within. The man, doomed to die three days hence, was not handcuffed. But a pair of strong though light irons, with a.twofoot chain between them, confined his legs. Since his conviction the prisoner had altered nothing from the same sulky indifference that had characterised his manner throughout. Rejecting:, with scorn the ministration of the chaplain, he either lay in liis : hammock dozing, or sat, as now, On the little wooden shelf fixed to the wall, and witli that evillooking, hairless, pallid face resting on his hands, watching in a crouched attitude through half-closed eyes the ceaseless pacing of the warder. The latter, a young Englishman not long joined the force, had, when occasion offered, been able to do several little kindnesses to the convict whose position, as one for whom life was getting so terribly short, appealed, in spite of his crimes, to a heart yet unharderied by much experience of prison sights arid scenes. For the past few days he had suffered much from toothache, and even now his jaw was bound with a flannel bandage. Also, when he had relieved the last guard he had casually mentioned to him the fact of his having procured leave to go into the town that night and have the tooth drawn. His watch was nearly over — only another half-hour or so more—when, passing the condemned cell, he saw something that drove all other thoughts out of his mind. With a gurgling., choking sound, his legs apparently drawn up clear of the floor, Combo was hanging by a saddlestrap he used as a belt from one of the iron hooks of his hammock. An older hand might have paused a moment: for never, until now, had the prisoner shown the least inclination towards suicide, mouthing, indeed, with many oaths, his determination to ''die game." But Ashton. laying aside his rifle, hurriedly pushed back the patent spring of the wicket, and in his eagerness almost tumbled into the cell. He had better have entered a tiger's. In a second the murderer was upon him with the whole weight of his long, lithe body bearing him down, and the sinewy hands gripping his neck like a vice, and throttling the life out of him --.von before they fell. At last, relaxing- his fierce grasp, the prisoner rose and kicked heavily at the motionh-ss thing that, with wide-open mouth and protruding eyes and tongue, stared blankly at him. Then, giving a grunt of satisfaction as he saw that his work was complete, he searched the dead man's pockets, and, soon finding what he sought, unlocked his leg-irons. Then, peering into the corridor, he listened intently. But not a sound broke the silence except the purring of a distant dynamo. He, long ago, had h b f heard the report of the nine o'clock gun from the battery on Flagstaff Hill, and knew that he had, therefore, not much tiiTK' to spare. Rapidly and thoroughly he went about his business: until, once again, a sentry with muffled face and shouldered xille paced slowly up and down, pausing every now and then to glance into tho cell where, over one side of the straining hammock, a glimpse could be gained of a manacled leg. Suddenly his eye was caught by a white, square object on the floor of the cell: and, re-entering, he carelessly picked up a card and threw it inu< the hammock. If lie had but known I CHAPTER III.—A HARBOR OF UEFUGK. "Och. be jabers, me poor man, an is ut so bad agin, thiuV Ay. shure, I see the brute's there all roiglri. Bedad, an' the suner his neck's stretched the stmer we'll be at pa<_-e o gin. Kow aff wid ye, an" git the ruttvn thing cut." Thus Relief-Constable Sullivan to the man with his swathed face iu No. 4 corridor, who. pr*aki.-d <.;ip drawn uver his bicws. and handkerchief to his mouth, seemed able to do nothing but shake his head and gr<>an. whilst pointing- to tli.' celi ii: token that all was w"31 with his charge. Along the pas-sage snid d-'-.vn si.tnc stairs, and through another passage, al 1 . brilliantly lii. \\\\.-m the sham t-onsiabl--. one hand ti< his fa--.-, graspmsr his rii?-- -.villi tile other. Ai th.- end of the U passage was a covered yard, at the farther side of which he o;t!d s- •• tSt - Ntvat iron entrance-gate of the h ! whese bars i? big. round: whu- m-.o:*. sevme.l to glar>- inquisitively, s-; i-los-.-.-no looked And now the r.'.-i-l t'i-c^Ioi.-l npp<*-«»-ed ie;i- • and bv i!!«tii>er. depos- rtepos- j ':tin-'"h:s riW in ::uV arm-rack on the le't I haml of tite hall-WDy, he turned towards the iittle open gate to the right of the main entry nee, always barred, this latter, except to admit the prison van— "Black Maria." But one does not get out of Port Endeavour Gaol so easily—bound or free '. The Governor, an old Army colonelmartinet, and, therefore, in the regard of his men, faddist—saw to that. Thus, as the escaping felon stepped to the wicket, coolly exultant, and sniffing the fresh night air with all the eagerness of one long confined, a man issuing- from the lighted guard-house said: "Halloa, Ashton! Off 10 have it out? Well, it's the only cure. Give me y.iur pass till 1 clock you," and he extended his hand. The cold sweat started in beads from the other's forehead as, to gain time, he mumbled indistinctly, and groped with one hand in his pockets for the thing | that now flashed into his mind with fatal certainty was not there. Idiot, ass. that he was! The card, doubtless, thul he had pulled out of tile fellow's pockei with the key of ilie irons, and neglecting to even glance at. bad thrown into ihe hammock 1 "Left it in j our room, eh'.'" queried the other, jokingly. "Well, my son, you'll hove to find it. tooih or no tooth. It's worth iiiy jacket to let you out without it. I\ovr. Jhen. off yon go :.i nd g>-i your ticket." That, however, was more than even lie dare do; although, for a moment, the thought occurred to him to return and kill Sullivan, and then possess himself of the pass lying on the dead body in the hfimmoA. t'.iji lie. v/as now unarmed. Sullivan v.,->-• n big. powerful man. No. plainly, there was nothing for it but y. dash. Wlii'i !' -he stood, was som-eivhat in shadow. Even now, Sullivan might have taken, it into his head to have a look at- his prisoner. lie could hear steps approaching. The constable on duty was. too, he thought, eyeing him suspiciously.- - In a second his -.resolution was taken. From the shadow of the porch he might still have made a dart, preserving his incognito, his escapade set down to pain, and the knowledge that he had lost his pass. All these alternatives flitted across his brain in a space of time measurable by a dozen heart-heats. Realising that his case was desperate indeed, ali the old murderous bravado rose up strong and fierce within him. ITe began to see red. Armed, he would have killed ijie man who -stood there in his path, as he had so lateiy kiUed the other one. Suddenly, tearing off his bandages and pushing his cap av.-ay from his eyes, he thrust a distorted. furious face into the light. The guard stepped back appalled, and the next minute a crashing blow from the other's fist sent him reeling to the ground. Another minute, and the murderer was through the gate and speeding along the road to the town, ankle- deep in powdery dust that rose in white clouds into the white moonlight. Zip. zip. ping", ping, came the bullets, as the men on the watch-tower? fired at the flying form, whilst the great bell rang out sharp and quick: and hurrying, half-dressed warders snatched up their Martinis and ran, firing as they went at the pillar of dust ahead. Ping, ping, szz. szz! How the bullets issed and whistled past him down the ill, kicking up little splotches of dust in front! And how that infernal bell rang! He hated bells!: Always had done so. since the old days at Arawatta homestead, when a boy, at the call of one. he rose at dawn to tramp through the wet grass after the station saddlehorses. If ever he owned a station, lie'd take good care to have a night-horse kept in. Ah! that was a hit: He could feel the blood running down his leg into his boot. If he only had hold of the fellow- that fired ihe shot! He did not in the least know where he was making for, never having been at the port before, nor, indeed, anywhere except "Out back"; but still be kept going. and still the bullets sang past him and pecked at the dust in front. The way lay all down hill. In front of: him he could see the. harbor, and the masts of the shipping, clear in the moonlight. Behind him he could bear the muffled tramp of many steps. He felt weak, and staggered once or twice. All at once he became aware of shouts coming "towards him. But by this he was at the foot of the steep descent on the brow of which was placed the gaol. To the right the road wound towards the heart of the town. To the left close to. the sea-beach, were some sheds and yards, stacks of timber, jetties, and a small coaster or two. Dust was rising a head, evidently from police or townspeople aroused by the firing and bell-ringing, and hastening towards the gaol. It was worse than useless to go on. The rilles were quiet now. Where he crouched, in the shadow of a paling fence, liis pursuers could not see him. A storm, too was coming up, and black clouds were already throwing their reflection on the white ground. Rising. he crept along the fence, till, finding a broken paling, he tore it out and squeezed through. He was in a yard; a long shed from which rose a chimney took up one sid- There was a smell of hot iron and fresh paint in the air: his feet crum bed cinders. Right against him loomed a big-, curiously-shaped mass whose possible use puzzled him ; he limped into the shadow of it, and gave it a moment's vague speculation, whilst he aw rain- drops splashed hollowly on ! its iron skin. At the height of his shoul der was an aperature big enough for him to get through, and so into the belly of the thing. He could hear bis pursuers cursing the gloom at the other side of the fence. Just as well in there as any where else * A nd putting all his strength into the effort lie drew himself up by las t n I c wrists until lie got his head in: and then, holding on by a cross-stay, lie wriggled his whole body through. He was a tall man; but swinging from the stav he could touch no bottom. Deciding to let go. he, however, only had lo drop some three f~et. And wherever he sat he sat on a slope, a matter that seemed so funny to him that he laughed aloud, whilst the lightning Hashed and the thunder roared, and ihe tropical rain fell in streaming sheets over his refugekept drv bv reason of the entrance beine on the under side. The incessant lightning illumined his cavern continuously. enabling him to disc- over that his wound was not serious—a bullet had passed through the tieshy part of lus thigh: and tearing up a kerchief he found in the pocket of the constabulary tunic, he soon extemporised an efficient bandage. In another pocket he came ro-ross a pluc of tobacco, of which, taking a good chew, he lay back and stolidly awaited what fortune might have further in store for him. -•'HAITER IV.—THE MOORING OF "THE WARDER." ]u spite of lus wound, which smarted, Coiiibo Carter slept until awakened by voie.-= rtt the mouth of his shelter.where Sam Jom-sou and a group of his m-n '.'. !. re con versing. \--.uV iffe most ...vlvr.'-rdinary thing I .-v.-r heard of-"" ivmarkcd Johnson. "He's disappeared as if be v.-as » ghost." '•Tlie storm did it" s:iid another. "Ho go! away under cover of that, with ihe ijaps cli.se at his heels." "But where to?" asked a boyish voice. -The ooliec swear they were close to liim when the storm broke—just near our fence here- 1 wouldn't have him escape for-the ihe worth of ot my right hand! nana. I can't h«lr- fancying, yet. he's planted some- where about the waterside. If you don't mind. Mr Johnson, I'll just have one more look." "Look and welcome. Master Siratton,'" replied the owner of the foundry. "But every corner's been turned upside down, and no sign. I believe, myself. lie's collared a boat, and is out at sea by this time." At the name of Siratton the hidden listener had pricked up his ears. Could this be the son of the bank manager that he had shot, after killing his father"? It was funny if such should b? the case. And he was not left long in doubt. "Poor young chap," remarked one of the men. "I knew his father well, afore that brute Combo did for 'im. Plugged the kiddy, too, didn't he. boss".'" • Wounded him badly," replied Johnson. "'His mother wanted him to take -i billet in the bank after he came oui of the hospital. They offered him one at once, but he couldn't bear the notion. So thev apprenticed him to me. Smart and handy he's turned out. too. Did most of the work on the Red Warder here, besides drawin' the plans for him. Now, lads, some of you go up to the Marine Storeyard and get the trolly to put thc- Wavder on. They're going to take liim • out in the aftcrnoo':, as soon as poor Ashton's buried."" "Tes, decidedly," thought the murderer. hardly able to repress a chuckle, as he crouched away from the circular globe of light, "it was funny that the son of the man he had shot because he wouldn't put up his hands when ordered should have been the one to have the biggest share in building this splendid hiding-place No one would ever dream nf searching in there. That was evident. At nightfall he would come out. and, if lie could but steal a horse, he might yet be able to snap his fingers at them all. And they were, apparently, going to take the thing he was in away somewhere. Up country; perhaps on the railway. Likely enough it was a sort of new fangled tank for use on a station; maybe to dip sheep in. ilf they'd only drop a bit of tucker in, he'd be fixed right up to the knocker. But, failing that, the bacca'd have to stand him." So ran th villain's thoughts, as already in his mind's eye he saw himself once more free, and back again in his old haunts, or even farther out—right across to the Territory. By-and-by. he heard a vok-e close to the hole say: "No news?" '"None," was the reply, in the sani youthful tones which he recognised as young Stratton's. " Port Endeavour' been searched from top to bottom with out success. Now a party has gone in land, and another one down the harbor along each shore. I came back because I thought the Warder's lid was a trifle big for the slot, and I knew the Board people wouldn't care about being kept waiting- now they've got their moorings ready at the reef." Then there was a sound of chipping as of a cold chisel upon iron, and, presently, something was clapped into the manhole, fitting so closely as to show not the faintest gleam of light. Suddenly the buoy was rolled over, shaking and bruising its occupant considerably, and causing" him to mutter deep curses as he picked himself up and sought vainly for something to hold on to. The darkness was intense, and the heat, engendered by the sunljeating on the iron plates all he morning, grew almost unbearable ow that the only opening was closed. n desperation, the wretch slipped off his lothes and lay naked upon them, with the hot iron burning his skin wherever it touched. All at once he felt that his shelter had been lifted up bodily, and was moving. The heat grew fiercer, and the sweat poured off him like rain. But he set his teeth and suffered it. Presently he felt the thing he was in moving with a new motion. Swinging through the air. this time; whilst a dim rattle came to his ears. This was when the Warder was being hoisted on to the Marine Board tender Thetis, Captain Haynes; and the rattle was the noise of | her steam winch. It grew somewhat cooler now. But, presently, another and an altogether novel motion puzzled him. He had certainly never experienced anything like it before. It was not that of a railway. And what could be making him pant so distressfully, and draw his breath with such difficulty? Air, air. in Heaven's name: He fumbled vainly about in the inky blackness for the lid he had seen them put on, bruising his fingers and tearing his nails against clenched rivets But he had lost all sense of locality, and kept groping upwards for the manhole when it was, in fact, under his feet. Nor would it have availed him any could he have found it — cunningly turned and slotted, and caulked with red lead and oakum, already as hard as adamant. Denser and denser grew the atmosphere; his breath came and went in wheezy pantings. There was a weight as of tons pressing on his chest, and his heart hit his ribs like a hammer For, perhaps, the first time in his lifeterror came upon him. Where was he? What was being done to him? And as he staggered here and there, bruised and bleeding-, against the hot sides of his prison. gasping for "breath, all at onc^ his feet touched the murdered constable's handcuffs that, together with his belt, hchad put on years ago—it seemed—iu gaol. Picking them up, he battered with all his feeble, sobbing might against the iron plates of the dreadful trap in which he had been snared. Suddenly the thing changed its position to an upright one. and he fell headlong to the bottom of it and lay theredoubled up, the burning heat of his body turned in a moment to chilling cold; his chest felt as if it were bursting, and strange, flaming shapc-s rushed hither and thithc-r before his staring eyes.. The dismal tolling of a bell, too. in his ears Ah, how he hated bells! . . . Dingdong-dong-ding'. . . . Now he knew . . . . They had hanged him at last That was the prison beli. . . . He wasn't quite dead yet, though. . Swinging at the end of the rope. . Curse them all:" "Didn't you fancy you heard, something rattling and knocking wlicn we lowered the Warder over the side, Haynes ?"' asked the President, of tits Marine? Board as the Thetis steamed homewards from the Cat and Kittens. "Rivet heads and an odd bolt or two." replied the skipper, shortly, casting a look back to where the great red buoy swung" well out of the water, rocking and nodding- to a westerly cross-swell, whilst to their ears came very distinctly the sullen booming of the bell.—"Strand Mngnzlie-." A Now York linn is briuging a parent which should render the alteration of bank drafts or che<jue y very difiicuii. Miss Jessie "Wertheimer, ot Ciuciuuatti. is the iuvntor. The principal fe:)1 tire of ihe new cheque is tinform and particular make-up. J-'roin the ioj> of the note to the name iu whosefsivor the amount is nmrte out. the paper is of usual thickness, bur from just below the mi rue ii gradually tapers until it becomes as thin and transparent as 1 issue paper, at the same time preserving- its snvngih :md dmabiliiy. It i< as tough at the tissue end as at the lop. Ii' the aiiiouur has been raised. if changes have been made from the original draft, or if chemicals have been used, this will be shown immediately by holding it up a gains', the light from the other side. Miss Wenkcimer is said to have found it necessary to send to thirty different paper manufacturers throughout the United States before she could secure oue who was able to work out her idee 