-?l..-^.JlJKULHI™J-ll-iaLgm«^l'l^'l«.IIJII)J|MI|li|l|iUi|lJIJlM»l»JMUItl^J«IJ^IW.WII»'»|-..ii|IU.I'l^»W!ll'JJ«.llJWUL^ THE-'i BLACK RIDER. A TALE OF EPPING FOREST. A - Chapter I. . On a certain October morning something more than four score years ago, a group of horsemen and a pack of harriers were j gathered before the Wake Arms, an ancient inn on the bordes of Epping Forest. The most conspicuous man in the group, con spicuous because he seemed to be an object of general attention, was .a farmer-like indi vidual mounted on a rough colt. 'How do you say it was, Broadley?' thoroughbred screw. 'I heard as you had been robbsd, but how was it ?' 'Well, you see it was this way,' an swered Broadley, telling his story for the twentieth time. ' I had been to London to diaw the price of 'some wheat I had sold, a hundred and' twenty in £1 notes. It was middling late when I started for home, and I stopped a bit at Woodford WelJs to gruel Bess and get a glass for myself. Maybe I stopped longer than I should ha' done, for it was past eleven. When I set out again it was nearly twelve. Well, I jogged on quietly and nothing happened till 1 got nearly to Copt H all, when a chap on a black horse iurnos -the ditch bv the roadside iust before me, and whips out a pistol. '? ' Your money or your life,' says he. 'Well, if you believe me, I was that taken aback as I could do nothing but stare at him. Then he shoves his pistol right under iny nose and says, ' Out with it, or I'll blow your brains out,' quite fierce.' ?? 'And you outed with it,?' put in the butcher. ? 'I did, and was glad to get off with my life. But a deuced hard case I call it, a nunarea ana twenty pounas or nara-earnea money clean gone l'\ 'And what was the highwayman like ?' ' All black, black clothes, a black mask, and a black horse, and when he had poc keted my money he went away into the forest.' ' The Black Eider again, though he does not always ride a black horse, and it may' have been a dark brow n or a chestnut. You cannot distinguish shades by-night. Who is he, I wonder?' . ' 'i hat's what a good many of us would like to know. Anyhow, he knows the 'Many a one cannot find his way about the ' forest by day ; he can find his by night, and you never hear of anybody of his description oiling at a pub, or being seenon the road, except when he is on the ' job. Queer, monstrous queer, I call it. . . .* , You have heard what they are saying, I reckon 1' 'You mean about Vane — but hush ! here he comes, him and his daughter.' 'And &ir; Lucas and Duke Thorne.' ' Of course. When Miss Vane come3 out, he comes out. Looks like a case.' ' The lady in question had seen some twenty summer?,' and with her auburn hair, pink cheek-, laughing blue eyes, slender figure and coquettish ways looked winsome and dangerous. No wonder that Marmaduke Thorne, a stalwart brown-faced young squire, had lost his heart to her, though, as yet, with lover-like timidity, he had let 'I dare not,' wait on ' I would.' Dolly Vane must have taken after her mother, for she did not resemble her father — a tall, dark-visnged, stern-looking man, whose rare smiles were as grim 'as his daughters wer sweet. He was engaged in earnest converse with his friend and neigh bor, Mr J ucas, the master of the hounds, who^e ruddy, weather beaten face. bespoke good cheer and a sound constitution, a parson of the old-fashioned sort, whose liking for por^ was only exceeded by his love of field sports and life in the open air. ?It was, indeed,- rumored that these propen sities cost him 'more than he could well afford, and that he was heavily in debt. Nevertheless, he was popular with his people, probably because he was genial and good natured, and spent his money freely when he had an \ . ' Which was more than could be said of Stephen Vane ; he was neither genial nor lavish, and, though he minded his business, rode straight to hounds, and owed no man anything, nobody1 had a good word for him. In part, perhaps, because there was a mystery aoouc aim, ana cue piain squires and farmers cmong whom he lived disliked whatever interfered with the gratification of legitimate curiosity, and took kindly to none with whose antecedents they were un familiar. Not that Vans was an entire stranger. His father was Parsbn.Lucas' predecessor, and himself a native, but while in his teens he had left Essex to seek his fortune in , foreign parts, and until he appeared one day at the Cock, at Epping, with his daughter, a maid, and a servant man, nothing had been heard of him for well nigh thirty years. He told the landlord, a man of about his own age, wh had not quite forgotten him, that he had come home for good, and meant to buy or lease a house and a few acres of land and settle in the neighborhood. With the landlord's help he found what he wanted, a roomy old-fashioned manor house, with a small park and extensive stabling:, known as Fiddler's Hall, and there took up his abode. ? . ??'.'. As : his family had been well known and respected, most of his neighbors of the same class called upon him, and their calls were duly returned But they got little out of him as to his doings during the long period that had elapsed since he left the country, it was, . however, understood that he had. made the fortune he went to seek chiefly in America^ where he had married and lost his wife, end that he had travelled much in both the old world ana in the new. Put as to the extent cf his fortune, how he had made it, and where it was invested, Vane had maintained a provoking silence, whether from natural reserve or because he had something to conceal, who could say ? Most people thought the latter. Anyhow, he seemed to be well-off, kept a stud of high-priced hunters, and lent money, and it was believed that he had lent a good deal to Mr Lucas. Another equivocal peculiarity — in the opinion of local busy- bodies— was Vane's, frequent absence from home. He would go away for two or three weeks, occasionally a month at a time, nobody knew whither or why. When '.Miss Vane was asked what had become of her father, she would answer, with a, manner that stopped further en quiries, 'He is away on business.' . As much as to say, 'Mind your business.' .All this deepened the mystery. If Vane maae business journeys h-j must have a business So much was obvious. But what sort, nobody could tell, though there was considerable guessing. Altogether, it was no wonder that the tenant of Fiddler's Hall was a good deal in people's minds and his name often in their mouths. Chapter II. 'Any news this morning?' said Duke Thorne, as he reined up before the old Inn, whereupon all save Bioadley answered in chorus: 'Haven't you heard? Broadley was robbed last night.' And ; the victim, nothing loth, had to tell his tale once more. 'The Black Rider is a very,'; devil- of a fellow,' remarked the youDg squire. ' Fome say he is the devil. Anyhow, I wish he would try to rob me. I wouid not stand and deliver. Why didn't you knock his pistol up, and then knock him off his horse?' ' I woud ha' done if I had thought of it. But he didn't give me time to think He jumped out of the forest like a ghost, and had his nasty pistol under my nose before I could say Jack Kobinson.' ' So he took a hundred and twenty pounds from you ? A heavy loss, but with. wheat at its present price you can afford it, and it will be a lesson to you not to stop, gossiping and glassing when you are coming from London with money in your pocket,' said Mr Lucas, and then turned away to con fer with Bill Hawker, his huntsman. Vane made no remark at the moment, but %tsr in the day he had a word aside with Broadley. 'If this Iops inconveniences you at all,' said he, ' I can let you have a hundred Bounds or so lor a few months.' But Broadley, answering that he had a tidy balance at his banker's, ' thank God,' bluntly declined the offer, which he ascribed to some sinister motive. In the intervals of the chase which, owing to scarcity of hares and bad scent, were pretty numerous, and talk ran almost ex clusively on the Black Rider, with occasional references to Stephen Vane — when that gentleman, his daughter, and Duke Thorne were out of t-arshot. 1 hough at one time Jipping a orest had been a haunt of highwaymen, stringent police measures and regular night patrol had for several years before the date of our story put an end to their depredations, which made the appearance of the Black Rider in the neighborhood all the more sur-. prising. Every attempt to catch or entrap, or even to identify him, had so far proved futile. ^-is ways were not the ways of ordi nary highwaymen. He was seldom seen at close quarters except by his victims, and as he wore a mask none of them had seen his face. . He. was always well mounted, too, altnougn nooody naa tne least idea where he kept his hoises, and, as. Clinker, the sporting butcher, shrewdly observed, a chap cannot keep a horse in his pocket. It was at first supposed that he hailed from the metropolis, but as no man answer ing to his description was ever encountered on the road, though assiduously wa ched for, this theory ' -had' to be abandoned. More over, as a rule, he robbed only local people, and none were molested who had not got a good round sum in their puises ; from which, and other circumstances, it was evident that the Black Rider was in the way of knowing a great deal about people's mp^sments and affairs. The difficulty was to spot him, and though many had suspicion-5, nobody ventured to put them into a definite shape until Side bones, the horse d-aler, one night electrified the company at the Roebuck, by hinting that, in his opinion, Stephen Vane was the delinquent. 'If I may tell you what I think,' said he, 'the Black Rider does n- t live more than twenty miles from Fiddler's Hall.' ''That's nonsense^ — rich men don't ri~k 'their necks by robbing on the highwa,y,' said one of them . ' Besides, Va — ' ' Name no names. It is dangerous, and what we are saying here mu4 go no further,' interrupted the horse dealer. ' As you say, rich men don't rob, kastwaya on UUV u«g u II UT J **- »?**? **-' iit*V3 J-LV- * Ul. i-'V«Vs*.L VJX.KJJ \J\Zl -3,O he is rich. What was he about all the time he was in foreign parts? Nobody knows. What is this business as takes him away every now, and then for weeks on end? Nobody knows. Where does he get-his in come from ? Nobody knows. If all was straightway and above board do you think there would be so much mystery ? And that is not all. There was no Bl»ck Rider before he came into the country, and no robbei y has been commi ted ex ept at points that can be got at from Fiddler's Hall through the Forest and there's poachers as has seen a horseman stealing by night down the Green Jtuae, ana you Know wnere tnat leads to. That's the point. Who else is there as keeps horses knows what's going on, and can find his way about the forest after dart?' ' That's true. All the same] a man like that could not go out riding late at night without the ser 7ants suspecting something, and if they suspected they would blab,' urged another of ^the company. ' Why not ? It's not as if it was every night. It's only now and then. And that servant man, as sleeps over the stable and is as close as the grave, would dress his horse, down and nobody be any ther-wiser. They are both in it, as sure as my nsme is Side bones. . . . . '.. But this must go no further. It is quite among ourselves, and no names, please, or some of us will be getting into a hobble.' ' Quite among ourselves,' acquiesced the company, probably meaning it o be as good as their word. Nevertheless, all 'who were married related to their wives what had passed, with variations and additions, and the tale was whispered from one to another until it became the town's talk, although a considerable time elapsed before it came to the knowledge of those whom it principally concerned. Chapter III. . i ' I am afraid we have lost the hounds,' said Dolly Vane, leaning forward in her saddle, an-i listening intently ' So am I,' answered Duke Thorne, glancing admiringly at Dolly. ' I have not heard either the horn or Bill's voice for half an-bbur or more.' ' Where are the others, I wonder ?' ' Goodness knows. All over the forest I expect.' ' Really, this is very tire«ome, losing the hounds and .getting lo-t ourselves. It is I your fault, Mr Thorne ; I followed you, and you led me astray. ' ' I am very sorry ; never mind, though, if we wait here we are sure to hear them before long.' But he did not look sorry, not in the least. He had led Dolly astray with inten tion, and wished neither to see nor hear aught of the hounds for the rest of the day. ' It is really too bad,' declared Dolly, tryine to look cross. . 'My skirt is torn, and my hair down ; I must bs;; perfect fright.' ' You a fright ! I never saw you looking so well, and those loose curls become you to perfection. Don't put them up, please don't.' ? ? *' Oh, but I must. .. I cannnt go about in this way. Will you please hold Ranger for a moment ?' Duke drew near to Dolly and laid hold of her bridle rein. I . ' 1 say Doll — I beg your pardon, I mean Miss Vane — 1 want to asic you a question . May I ?' he stammered. ' Yes, what is it Mr Thorne ?' turning her face away. ? . - 'Well I am not much of a hand at making speeches and that. But I can ask a question. Will you marry me ?' : ' So that is the question ?' ' It is, and the most important for my happiness I ever put in my life. Won't you say yes, Dolly ? You know I love you.' Dolly did know, and was well disposed to say ' ye s ' to her lover's request, yet her face grew very serious, and she remained silent so long that Duke began to feel uneasy. ' Won't you say ' yes,' and put me out of my misery ?' he repeated, imploringly. ?'' On one condition.' ? ' Name it, dear. Any possible condition T .-..itl i-»1o/-J1tt -plilfil'' ? '? You must catch the Black Rider, or, at least, find out who he is, and all about him.' '? God bless me 1 Catch the Black Rider ! Why on earth — ?' - ' Never mind why. That is my secret — for the present. Catch him or find out who he is.' ..' I think it would be easier to catch him, and I will either do it, Dolly, dear, or know the reason why,' and his arm stole round her waist, and his face drew near to hers. 'You must not. Duke — I cannot — Go away, please. Somebody mi,- ht see— ' ' Nonsense, darling. There is nobody about.' ' You don't know. ? Mr Lucas, or Bill, or one of the hounds might pop up at any moment. And there goes the horn, quite rAnaa X ,pt IIS PCI ' And with that Dolly gathered up her reit)s and cantered off in the direction of the sound, followed by Duke. They found most of the hunters in a glade of the forest. The master and the hants men were calling the hounds off, preparatory to going home. The day was over. After exchanging a look of intelligence with her lover, Dolly rode off with her father, Duke following, though ? not immediately, with Mr Lxicas, whom, before parting, he informed of his intention to catch the Black Rider. ' I hope you may, bu-- take care you don't catch a Tartar,' said the parson, laughing pi *)santly. ' You muat be very sanguine, though, to thinfe you can succeed where the police and so many others have failed.' ' Anyhow, I can try,' answered Duke, and he did try, albeit with disappointing results, or rather no result at all. As he could not very well make an appointment with the hiffhwavman. he had to crn nnt- at. a. vpnfnrn and peramb il,ite the borders of the forest, always, of course, well armed and at the witching hour of night, on the off chance of faling in with him — whicti he never did, nor even heard of him, and felt so discouraged thereby that he made sure the Black Rider had left the neighborhood, and besought Dolly to absolve him from his promise. '1 shall do nothing of the sort,' she said, resolutely. ' If you don't catch the Black ftider you don'e catch me. Besides,, you haven't gone about it in the right way. You made no secret of your intention. Every bo'iy knows, and you may depend upon it the Blaok Rider knows too : and as he does not want to be cau«ht, and is probably a coward, he will not no on the war-path while you are after him/ Keep a still tongue and try something else.' n this hint Duke acted. After telling divers people that there seemed to be no mme chance of catching the Black Rider than a Will o' the Wisp, and making as though he had abandoned the enterprise, he took into his confidence Giles Lambert, one of his father's tenants, a man of some sub stance and a bold spirit, and the two hit on an ingenious device for entrapping the gentleman. Lambert prepared the way by mentioning one night at the Cock. that he had sold some wheat at tip-top price, and on a day he named was going to London to draw the proceeds. 'How about the Black Eider?' asked somebody. . 'Oh, I don't think we shall hear of .?that cnap any more ; he has not been seen for months; Retired from business, I reckon, or , maybe got lagged somewhere else. Fellows like him always get lagged sooner or later,' said Lambert, carelessly. 'So you don't believe what they have been saying about — you know who I mean ?' ?'ut jl, jllui au^uuuj ejse wiui ttuy sense. It does not follow, because the villian knows the forest and rides good cattle, that he is a gentleman of the neighborhood.' In the meanwhile Duke and Lambert had completed their arrangements. The farmer, who lived a mile or two wide of Epping, was to go to town on the day agreed upon, and time his return journey so as to reach Golding's Hill about midnight, for between that point and Bell Common ran a long stretch of road where the highwayman would probably wait for his nrev. There abouts Duke would also lie in wait, and, if the event which they anticipated came off, fall on the Black Rider while he was engaged with Lambert. to on the night in question the young squire mounted his fleetest horse aDd rode by devious ways to Goldmg's Hill, where he t ok post among the trees on the west side of the road, the wildest part of the forest being on the other side. There was light of moon, but every now and then drifting clouds intercepted her rays, rendering the road invisible; and cover ing the forest wirh darkness. Carriages, horsemen, foot people, and a mail coach, and 'after a long interval, a belated hay-cart went by. But as the Bight wore on pas sengers became fewer and fewer, and the corncrake or the bark of a wandering cur. After a while Duke keenly observant, ai.d with eyes sttuned to the darkness, detected the vague figure of a mounted man, which seemed to have emerged from the forest, and was lurking in the deep shade cast by the trees. Presently the ring of hoofs was heard, followed by the snatch of a song, ' 'Tis my delight on a shiny night, in the season of the year,' the signp.l by which it had been agreed that. Lambert should give notice of his coming. Duke tightened his rein and cocked his pistol. So did the highwayman ; and as the farmer came abreast of him he advanced into the moonlight, and bade him stand and deliver m a voice wnicq J. norne ianciea- ne had heard before. ' Stand and deliver !' said Lambert, coolly. '' You have got the wrong sow by the ear this time, my man. All I have about me is a crown and a few coppers — ' ' Nonsense ! You have two hundred pounds if you have a penny. Shell out or I'll shoot you.' Duke dashed into the road. ' surrender, or I'll shoot you,' he shouted. The Black Rider answered with a pistol shot, which missed its mark, then wheeled his horse round and galloped off, followed by a bullet from Duke's pistol, which also miBBfU. ' After him ! Come along Lambert !' and away they went a« fast as they could go. The Black Eider turned into the Green Ride, a broad track of rough ground, all up hill and down dale, as dangerous to gallop over- by night as leading a forlorn hope. But on he went, ne;-k or nothing, Dnke close behind him, the farmer, whose nag was both tired and fat, a bad third. After sinking one hill and rising another, they reached a bit of more even ground, then crossed a heath, full of water hole?, among 'which the Black Rider threaded his way with wonder ful dexteritv. eivinar his oursuer a lead. ? - - ? — ?*/ *-? , I— ' A I without which he had inevitably come to grief. Then the Green Ride again, under overhanging boughs, and d.uwn hills which in the darkness loolied like unfathomable depths. But On they sped, Duke keeping his man well in view, yet de-pite his utmost efforts unable to overtake him, until, nearly at the bottom of the last descent, the high wayman's horse put his foot into a rabbit hole, turned a complete somersault,' and rolled over his rider. Duke, saved from a like fate by the swerving of his horse, pulled up and dismounted, for the fallen steed did not se°m disposed to rise, and the Black Rider lay beside him, all in a heap, stone dead . When Lambert, came up, Duke bade him. keep watch until he returned, then rode on to Epping. The village was silent and dark, but Thorne roused the people at the Cock, told them what had happened, and asked for a cart to fetch the dead highwayman, a re quest with which the landlord, who was greatly excited by the news and eager for & solution of the myster-y, promptly complied.' ' I will go with you myself, Mr Thorne,' said he. ' Bring lanterns, men.' ; As they neared the scene of the accident Lambert called out to them : 'A nice go, this ! iA regular tragedy, 1 . call it ! The horse is dead, too, dead as a ef/vnp* I' ? ' Drat the horse ! I want to have, a' look at the Black Rider. We shall know who he is now,' exclaimed the landlord, letting the light of a lantern fall --n the: dead man's face. ' My God ! Parson Lucas ! ' ?* * * ? An investigation of Mr Lucas's affairs showed that they had long beea seriously embarrassed, and' that to retrieve them he had taken 1 1 betting, which only made bad worse. Then, pressed by creditcs,. and at bis wits end for money, he resjr ed to high way robbery to fill ud the void, a system which his position and local knowledge enabled him to carry -on with impunity, suspected only by the Vane?, who, in the absence of proof, had to keep their own counsel. .Due wueu uvuy utaiu t.ua,L sus picion had fallen on her father, she resolved that the mysterious highwayman' should be unmasked, and to that end, as. we know, utilised her lover's devotion. The task being accomplished, Duke Thorne claimed the reward, which was graciously granted. He found her father both less austere and more freehanded than he had expected. Mr Vane dowered Dolly hand somely, and when he died left her a noble fortune.— Canterbury Times. V 