OUR LONDON LETTER. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] LONDON, November 4. With a very ill grace the French Government appear at length to have made up their minds to withdraw from Fashoda. Major Marchand and Captain Baratlcr, the two leaders of that ill-advised adventure, have already done so, and are now at Cairo; but Captain Germany still remains in charge of the French flag, and so long as that waves over the pestilential swamp the Gallic claim can be maintained. Every sane person, even in fever-heated Paris, admits that the position of the expedition is utterly untenable. It can- not retreat the way it came, for its nearest port is 450 miles away, and Major Marchand'!) reduced forces could never hope to again march safely through such a stretch of hostile territory. It is too ludicrous, even for Frenchmen, for the expedition to remain on sufferance, kept alive by the hospitality of their rivals, so the French Government are about to make a virtue of necessity, and recall " the emissary of civilisation." But, it by no means follows that that ends the difficulty. The Anglo-Egyptian claim embraces all the territories held by Egypt before the Mahdi's invasion and the fertile region known as the Bahr-el- Ghazal is among the provinces included. The French, however, assert that the Liotard mid Marchand missions have placed them in effective occupation of the whole of this province. They claim to have established posts ntTambuiuh, on the Sulh River, at Kodtoli, Les Ripldcs, Fort Desair, Mesh race Rch, Bahr-el- Arab, Rumbek, Four ghosts, Bia, and Aynk. That sounds formidable on paper, but it probably means nothing more than that a Senegalese sergeant and a few troops have been left in charge of a French Has. In fact, it is a repetition of the old trick attempted in the Niger. The Anglo-Egyptian troops are moving up the Bahr-el-Ghazal, and there is nothing to prevent the establishment of rival posts in the vicinity of the French, and the natives are almost certain to side with the stronger, especially as the Soudanese troops will be men of their own tribes. The French press are furious at the "humiliation" which they declare Great Britain has inflicted on France, and advise the Government to sullenly refuse to negotiate either In regard to the de- limitation of the Nile and Congo basins or in respect to commercial concessions on the Nile. They will be very ill-advised if they do anything of the sort, for it must end in the complete isolation of the tiny French posts and in their early dispersal through sheer inability to exist, and thus the last vestiges of French occupation will disappear. Doubtless, wiser counsels will prevail, but at present the Parisian press not the nation', be it remembered is indulging in one of its characteristic outbursts of passion against Great Britain. No insult is too bad for us, no crime too vile to be attributed to us ; but John Bull takes it all very calmly, confident in the superiority of naval strength, and in the knowledge that the silver streak preserves his country from any fear of "A Battle of Dorking.'' The crisis is too acute to be continued much longer. Both nations have been actively mobilising for war, though neither really believes in such an eventuality. The British preparations have been world-wide and have created the impression that France cannot be the only foe in view. So far as British interests are concerned, the (inlet resolution which the Government exhibits to resort to force If necessary has produced a most excellent impression on the Continent. Foreign critics, French excepted, have rarely been more polite. Everywhere the same opinion is expressed that the French would be most unwise to court a naval Sedan. Lord Salisbury might take a lesson from Lord Palmerston's style of diplomacy. That most out- spoken of Foreign Ministers on a somewhat similar occasion instructed the British Ambassador to share the French Government, "in the most friendly and inoffensive manner, that If France began a war against Great Britain " she will, to a certainty, lose her ships, colonies, and commerce, before she sees the end of it." No doubt is entertained that that would be the result in the present year of grace if France were ill advised enough to push her quarrel to ex- tremes.. The Imperial pilgrims have completed their visit to Jerusalem, and are returning homewards. The Kaiser, at any rate, has thoroughly enjoyed himself. He rode into the Holy City in full uniform, blazing with orders, but also wearing a garment recalling in some measure his character as a pilgrim. This was a white silk dust dress, sof.iahloned as to resemble ft palmer's cowl, and his staff were similarly clad. Mounted trumpeters went before, and the Empress and her Indies followed in carriages. Salutes were fired, and from the Tower of David a Turkish band played the German national anthem. Within the walls of the city were flags, garlands, and triumphal arches, and, according to immemorial custom, palm branches were strewn in the streets and carpets laid. The Emperor's assiduity as a tourist was extraordinary, notwithstand- ing the great heat. He acquired from the Sultan the legendary site of the home of the Virgin Mary, and with much tact Presented it straight away to his Roman Catholic subjects, and thus made his peace with the Pope. The great event of the visit was the dedication of the Church of the Redeemer erected on a site which the Sultan many years ago conceded to the Emperor William I. As the Emperor and Empress entered the church the choir and congregation rose and sang Handel's song " Rejoice greatly, O daughter of Zion, for thy King cometh unto thee." At the conclusion of the impressive service of con- secration, the Kaiser, from his seat in front of the altar-, delivered a long address on the benefits of Christianity. He declared " as nearly 2,000 years ago, so there shall to-day ring out from Jerusalem the cry, voicing the ardent hope of all, "Peace on earth." The Emperor concluded by re- newing the vow of his ancestors, " I and my house will serve the Lord." The Christian world hardly know how to regard the extraordinary scenes connected with the Imperial pilgrimage. The Kaiser has emphasised on every occasion his friendship with the Sultan, and, in tt($, there has been a strong flavour of politics about the whole visit. Mr. Hooley, refreshed by the long vaca- tion, is again confiding interesting revela- tions to the sympathetic ear of the official receiver in bankruptcy. The new chapter in his financial biography is no less sensational than those which preceded it. The same crop of disclaimers follows almost every statement he makes or person he implicates. Where the truth really lies it is impossible to say. Accord- ing to his own admissions he seems to have made scarcely any resistance to attempts at extortion which he now characterises as blackmailing. The way in which he tried to secure election to the Carlton Club was characteristic. He gave, he said, £1,000 to Sir William Marriott, a prominent member of the Conservative party, to have him nominated, and £10,000 to the Marquis of Abergavenny for the party funds. He only really promised £5,000, but a friend of his, irritated at not getting an order for wine, circulated the story that he promised £10,000, and rather than appear to back down he gave a cheque for the larger amount. Another story was that two of his secretaries had burnt a number of his books, to conceal, as he supposed, over-withdrawals which they had made from his account. He stated, in explanation, that whereas their salary was only £400 a year, in two and a-half years they were able to leave him and set upon their own account as company promoters with a capital of £40,000. Judged by his own admissions, Mr. Hooley almost invited the attacks of the rocks. No fortune, however colossal, could long withstand such a drain as he allowed almost without a struggle. I Lady Martin (Helen Faucit), for many years the most gifted and popular actress on the English stage, died this week. She has rarely appeared since 1895, and consequently the play-going public of the present day are unfamiliar with her great talents. She created many great parts, but was chiefly identified with Shakespeare's gentler heroines. The Queen was one of her closest friends. Probably the highest authority in London upon Anglo-Australasian finance is Mr. H. F. Billinghurst, until recently one of the leading officials of the London and Westminster Bank. All through the long period during which the indebtedness of Australasia was advancing by leaps and bounds from £65,800,000 In 1878 to £223,900,000 in 1896-his advice was In con stuntrequlsltlon by the borrowing colonies, and upon all questions of colonial finance he was regarded as a veritable Nestor by his banking colleagues. He has just read before the Institute of Bankers a short return of the present position and prospects of colonial loans raised in the English market, and some of his hints are well deserving of consideration by those responsible for the conduct of colonial finance. The present indebtedness of Tasmania, as represented by the loans quoted on the Stock Exchange, is £7,533,000, a very modest amount when compared with the £54,533,000 of New South Wales, or the JL'43,609,000 of Victoria, but quite large enough when her population and area are considered The interest on the Australasian debt re- i quires the annual remittance of about £8,000,000, which implies a burden of about £7 7s. per annum on each taxpayer. Mr. Billinghurst is obviously dissatisfied with the increase of colonial population during the last decade, and strongly advocates the continued introduction of colonists of the right sort. It is interesting to note that during the last 10 years a considerable change favourable to the colonies has, been effected in the rates of interest paid on loans placed on the London market The bulk of the 5 and 6 percent, debentures have disappeared, and by 1004 most of the loans then current will be bearing the lower rates of 4, 31, and 3 per cent. Mr. Billinghurst surmises that 3 per cent, is likely to be the minimum rate at which the colonies will be able to borrow. He notes with satisfaction that the colonies, by increasing their exports have now proved their ability to remit the interest on their public indebtedness. He especially Instances Queensland and Tasmania as examples in this respect. Although he does not regard the present indebted- ness us at all excessive, yet he advocates prudence and moderation in borrowing, and the promotion of increased immigration. The establishment of sinking funds he considers not only very desirable but absolutely necessary, if loans in future are to be intermin- able. It is very gratifying to note that so cautious and experienced an observer should be able to declare that the Australasian colonies form a group of wonderful and progressive communities. Their position is sound, and he confidently recommends investment in their stocks. The Black Lake trout are still in Nelson's refrigerator. An inspection of the frozen blocks convinced the Acting Agent General that the ice was too opaque to enable the form of the front to be satisfactorily observed. He is having two of the fish thawed out and re-frozen in clearer ice, and if the experiment succeeds may treat several others in the same way, and exhibit them in some of the principal metropolitan fish shops. It is a pity that all this trouble and expense should have to be incurred, but, in view of the ultimate destination of the fish, Sir Andrew Clarke does not like to run any risk. The Acting Agent-General has received about 2,000 copies of Mr. F. Critchley Parker's Tasmania and its Mineral Wealth." It is not so easy as it seems to usefully place HO large a number of copies. The whole of the libraries and mechanic institutes in the kingdom do not number 500, and but few private individuals are applicants for such a publication. However, Mr. Ely, the secretary of the Agency, has the matter in hand, and will place the copies to the best advantage. How to secure for the port of Manchester a direct shipping trade with Australasia is a problem which the Manchester Chamber of Commerce has vainly tried to solve for several years past. The Hon. Robert Reid, the head of a great Melbourne and Sydney soft goods house, has just been telling them how the thing is to be done and the monopoly of London broken down. But even Mr. Reid, most sanguine of men, admits that it will require a little manoeuvring and the ex- rendition of another million or two before Manchester can become a terminal port for Australasian commerce. As the Manchester people have already spent £15,000.000 in connecting Cottonopolis with the great ocean, even their bold hearts view the additional expenditure with some dismay. But they have appointed a committee to co-operate with the bodies working in the colonies with the object of promoting direct trade between Australasia and Manchester. Early in the New Year residents in Hobart will have an opportunity of inspecting the New Zealand Shipping CO's splendid new steamer, the Papanui, which was launched this week at Dumbarton. Her principal dimensions are Length, 430ft.; breadth, 54ft. ; depth, 4ft. She has accommodation for 41 first and 40 second class passengers. The three forward holds are filled with refrigerating apparatus. The vessel will sail for New Zealand early in December. Miss Ada Crossley, of Melbourne, must be added to the long list of Australasian artistes who have succeeded in establishing themselves as public favourites in the old country. This most promising young contralto had the honour of singing before the Queen, the Empress Frederick, and the Princess Beatrice, at Balmoral, a few evenings ago, in conjunction with Madame Albani and Mr. Ben Davies. Miss Crossley sang Giordani's " Caro Mio Ben," Blumen- that's "Sunshine and rain," and took part in a duet, " La luna immobile," with Madame Albani. Her success was complete. The Queen sent for the young Australian singer, and congratulated her, at the same time presenting her with a red enamel and diamond decoration, surmounted by an emerald and ruby crown, and with the Royal monogram appended. At Her Majesty's request, Miss Crossley Inscribed her name in the Queen's birth- day book. A new movement is being made to estab- lish a residential Colonial Club in London. It is in better hands than on previous occasions, and therefore the prospects of success are more assured. The London Colonial Club, which now numbers 500 members (subscription, £1 IB.), have succeeded in establishing themselves pretty securely, and are consequently ambitious to make a step forward and develop into a residential club. Old colonists in London watch the movement with sympathy, but cannot help feeling a little apprehensive as to the result, as all previous experience has proved that residential clubs for colonists in London spells ruin. However, the promoters of the idea appear to be prudent men, as they declare that they do not want a pretentious building and an extravagant club, but only comfortable quarters for a social club where colonists from all parts of the Empire can meet. That seems a realisable idea, and may succeed. De Rougemont, a/uisGrienor Grit, is no longer a draw either for a magazine or newspaper ; but, I may be allowed to state that he has not increased his claims to credibility by his latest assertion that the Daily Chronicle's damaging revelations all apply to his " double," whose name is Grin, while his is De Rougemont. He and his double, he says, are exactly alike, and he has frequently used his double"s name. He asserts that both attended a trial of his diving apparatus in Sydney, and that the reporters got confused by the likeness. Dr. Rougemont declares that he is working undefended, but that he recognises that it is useless to come forward without something very substantial indeed. In that he shows his good sense. The name of Mr. Claude Vautin must be well-known in mining circles throughout Australasia. If I mistake not he was once associated with the Mangana Gold Reefs, and in Queensland and New Zealand Ilia gold-extraction companies have played no inconsiderable part. Of late years he has carried on the business of a consulting metallurgist, having luxuri- ously furnished offices in the city. Accord- ing to current report he has been indulging of late in various speculative transactions which have complicated his affairs. He is said to have left London, and to be travelling under a pseudonym. A warrant has been issued for his arrest for alleged frauds on stockbrokers. Some of the newspapers place the amount involved at £20,000, others go as high as £70,000. Next Christmas Day, Sunday, December 25, has been fixed as the date on which the new Imperial penny postage between the mother-country and the colonies comes into force. Australasia, at present, has not come into line with the rest of the Empire, but it is only a matter of time. There are many curious clubs in London, and the Article Club is one of them. In the main, it is a dining club, whose members meet once a month for the discussion of some social political subject. The more advanced the better. It rather lays itself out to attract the Agents-General of the colonies, and Mr. W. P. Reeves, of New Zealand, as an ardent Radical, is- a favourite speaker at its monthly gatherings. This month he has addressed the members on the advantages of compulsory arbitration for the settlement of trade disputes. The company included many distinguished names in politics, theology, diplomacy, and literature. Sir John Gorst, M.P., Sir Charles Dilke, the Chinese Am a bassador, Mr. Ben Tillett, and others, all supported Mr. Reeves ; but Sir Horace 1 Tozer, the bluff Agent-General of Queensland, dissented, and Lord Russell of Kill- owen, the Chief Justice of England, frankly declared that he hoped the English Bench would not have the enforcement of such an Act. Every wheelman knows how frequently the result of a cycle race is disputed in the event of a close finish. In consequence considerable interest has been taken in an automatic cycling judge, invented by Mr. A. Laidlaw Baird, of Sydney, who not long since introduced a sprint-judging apparatus, which also has been much commended. There is some prospect that the National Cyclists' Union will adopt the automatic judge, as the demonstration at Portman-rooms was regarded with much favour. The final act in a life tragedy occurred at the Grand Hotel, Paris, this week. Your readers may recall that 10 years ago a London journal made a great sensation by narrating a " strange, true story of to-day." Mr. Edward Martin Langworthy, the son of an opulent Lancashire manufacturer, invested an immense fortune in the Argentine Republic, where a vast and splendid estate was secured. On a visit to Europe he met a Miss Mildred Long, and after a short acquaintance induced her to go through a marriage ceremony in a Roman Catholic Church at Caen. A year later a second ceremony was gone through at Antwerp before an American Presbyterian minister. When his wife was about to become a mother Mr. Longworthy' s affection cooled, and he repudiated the marriage, and shipped the unfortunate lady home from Buenos Ayres. A long and painful struggle followed, in which the London press and British public supported Mrs. Langworthy's heroic efforts to assert the legality of her marriage and the legitimacy of her child. Finally, the Court held that the marriage, was technically invalid, but awarded her alimony at the rate of A 1,200 a year. Mr. Langworthy defied the Court, but ultimately compromised by paying Miss Long £20,00, and settling £500 a year on her daughter. Apparently the pair became reconciled, for they were living in Paris until last week.' When his wife died suddenly the daughter was sent to London, and Langworthy blew out his brains, say ing he had nothing left to live for Mr Beerbohm Tree has eclipsed himself by his splendid production of The Man screen at Her Majesty's Theatre Stage realism can scarcely do more than he has done on this occasion Die play is a superb pageant I he spectator becomes almost a weary of such monotonous sanguine eence As the ss ash buckler S A Bagnall Tree rides on the stage and waves his hat and plumes Mrs Brown Potter as Mundi Richelieu s beautiful spy dashes on the stage in a coach with cream coloured horses Many of Tier Australian admirers will be glad to hear that Mrs Brown Potter achieved a remarkable success surprising the whole audience by her beauty and her dignity and grace She was of course most¿oigiously attired Her ball got it is of black velvet brocaded flogged and tasselled on either side of the fronts with gold and silver The under skill is of oyster white satin fringed with silver and banded with ions upon rows of filigree silver work The bodice has a vest of white satin glittering with din monds the coffin is of old rose point and the sleeves puffed with white are outlined with silver gallon On her head she wears a small coronet of brilliants, fastening on one side with three large black and white ostrich plumes Die critics admit that as Miladi Mrs Brown Potter has made the hit of her professional career 