THE MAN EMPRESS. (Continued.) . " I hoard the wordn, and turned awny for Very shame of tho situation. Down be low. upon the deck we had left, three of tho men were trying to get Juke Carter Into the fo'castle. So- convulsed with \- laughter, was ho that he could not stand Upright. Ah for the bo'sun, he remained nt me, wnc-ol, v,itii jjls buck toward the scene- upon the brilliantly lighted quay. 1 kne.w that he dared not trust himself to look.- When I turned my head again. "Solomon" was thrusting the gold Casket, in which the Turks had offered their humble uddrers, into his pocket as though it hod been a cigarette case. I saw hlm'bow to the Coventor, ami enter the carriage awaiting hint. Doctor Kent, who looked like a figure from a country waxworks show — his face wus now dead ly pah.— made a gallant attempt to keep his sword where he would not fall over It, tuid followed -Ross into thu carriage. An Instant later old Jack and I were in a carriage by ourselves, and the proces sion began to move toward the fortress on the hill. Many minutes passed. 1 think, before we spoke to t-uch other. The skipimr made a brave attempt to suy something at the beginning, but a great guffaw shook the carriage, and thereafter he cohtlnued to laugh quietly but uncon trollably. When he could speak, his ,wordn came Iji gasps— "Ti« a dead body, I'll be," ho ex claimed coherently at lust. "Did ye see tho bow of him? — imd Ix>rd the -boots, when he got Into the carriage! Oh, man, man, I'll never live to see the ship again!" "Jack," said I, "did you ever break gaol?" "Ye're thinking that It's dangerous?" he asked, a little more seriously. "I should say It spells prison, If you iLsk me candidly." "Man. you're very right— but did ye r»ec him feeling for the pocket when they handed over the box with the writing? 'Twos enough to bring tears to the cyea of a sLatu». Faith, '.Solomon' has inlssed his vocation altogether. Arid we're In for It now, mind ye. If they had an Inkling of It, we'd be dead men upon the spot— the Lord keep ine from Sailing!" The carriage came to a standstill slowly us he spoke, and a soldier In .a Turkish uniform opened the door upon us.. I saw that we had entered the enceinte of the great fortress on the Hurnmlt of the island. Men with torches formed a guard of honor; a group of Turkish dignitaries surrounded the im perturbable "Solomon" an<i the exceed ingly nervous doctor. The eyes of t»oth men, I thought, were turned ufton to the forbidding walls as though wondering where the road to the ship lay. For my- uelf, I would have given a hundred pounds to have been again on the deck of the Golden Fleece. And I would have trebled the amount when presently a lady Joined the company, and, speaking prettily to Edmund Ross, presented him very graciously with a bouquet. "Great heaven," whtsporiftl the skipper, turning as pale as the while walls when he saw the woman. " 'tis the Prefect's wife. I'd forgotten her. If she knows him, we'll begin the runrdng before the dinner." "She doesn't know htm." I answered: "It's the dress that inteiresta her." The lady, Indeed, stowf umaxed at the figure before her. I could see her spy ing out the folds of "Solonum's" wonder ful costume wilh a curimdty not lo lie concealed, it was a mefrsmt when one's heart stood still. Happily, the haste of tint Governor, who kni-w that "Her Ma jesty" could stay hut an hour upon the Island, saved tho »ttuat'/ou. A hand In the courtyard blared oua. the Austrian National Anthem. We formed a second proeenslon. and passed fntij the banquet ing hull of the old raiwle. 1 was con scious of the iMrahiH of an orchestra playing one of Gurrgl's waltzes: a blaze of bright llghs. almost blinded my eyes; th«? scent » if firnvf-ra from tbi. groaning tables w iui owrpi>w»?rlng. t took a at as a man walking in Ills sleep, and when I had recovered my self the baovqiiel held begun. There wwc fifty men, perhaps, in tho room, and all wore. Turkish. The Gover nor, whose black frock coat glittered with medals, and 'whoso vest was ablaze with superb dhcmonrlH, ' had "her Ma jesty" ujK.n his rlglK Ivind in a great chair, which almost, swallowed " Solo mon. " Of 1 Ik others, some wore curi ous skirts of black cloth, some of the quaint uniforms oC the Turkish army, some the plain frrsjk. coatn of the West. Hut the Vests of all were embroidered with Jewels; all earrfed jewelled swordrt nnd evv»i daggers, in the hilts of which diamonds htazid. As for the foo<l, many of the dlshm wvm purvly Turkish, and rqually nause-ous to the Western palate. Hut there were llsh from the Adriatic, and the Invariable "poulet" of an Aus trian menu; and the wines were good and sound, which. Is more than can bo ski Id for many of the wines of Austria. I note these tilings, possibly because I endeavored, iu :in effort to forget the dangers of thu rrtomcnt, to occupy my self with tlietn rnther than with my . neighbors. The y had plaood me next to tho skipper id. tho right hand end of the high table. Therefrom I eoukl sco "her Majesty," 'who, I :un ashamed to say, made for nty benefit an absurd gri mace the first ti.mo our eyes met. As tor tho doctor, hro was drinking the wine of -Kotos In a disgraceful way. Even old Jack notlrjed It, and was alarmed. "Man, 'lis dreadful," he wliispercd to Tito;' "he's at Jils second Irottle, and 'So lomon's' us 7xui. We'll be taking them back upon Klmttcr— and what then?" "Jack," mid I, "never mind that — It's going through; J feel it In the air. Take another j, class of champagne, man. As for 'Soloiaum,' the Kntprcss will have to bring iul action oguiust him for defama tion of character. It's lucky tho com pany ctwi't see his hoots!" He did not oenwer me. for the old Tur kish Governor row at the moment, and a hush fell upon the mom. Hardly was the orator upon his feet when the deep boom of a gun, rolling up from the har bor, made old Jack sit bolt upright and netwly. shook the glass from my hand. The windows of the banqueting hnll, in .which we wure, permitted us to see the oflltig and Uie lights of distant lsbutds. Never in iny life shall I forget that mo ment when It permltited us ulso to see tho trail of a rocket us it -flared up and hurst In -a shower of glowing color. above the sleeping Adriatic. "Great thunder." sold the sklpfHT, and so loudly that a Turk at his elbow turn ed to stare at him, "thcrc'h another ship In the oiling!" I sold nothing. It was as though some body Itnd poured cold water down my bock. When I looked al "her Majesty" again,. she was leaning buck in her chair listening lo the eloquent speech of thu Governor, of which neither she nor the rest of us understood a word. Doctor Kunt had half risen to his feet, but lie sat down again. 1 heard old Jack's words, and they sounded as the sentence of a Judge. "It will be the EmprcBO herself— she's come, -'after all." "What'b to bo done, Jack?" I whis pered,, though my tongue stuck to the roof, of my mouth. "Walt until 1 give the signal, nnd then run ror It," s.tld lie. "I'm going to send a note to 'Solomon'." The Turkish Governor raised his glass,- nnd we all stood to drink the health of IJcr Majesty, the Empress of Austria. When we sat down, and the band imd finished the anthem, the skipper sat back |n hfe chair oh one face to face with an ancestral ghost. Hcly saints," he Enid, "he's gat a cigar!" I looked at Edmund Ross, nnd realised the awful truth. In a moment of ab straction lie had pulled out his cigar «. are. I think that I aged ten years in that minute. "That's the end of it," sold I — the door of a prison seemed already to have clos ed upon inc. "Jiodad and it Is," replied old Jack, very earnestly, "for here's the Prefect hlmxolf." He pointed to the gallery where the fiddlers .it. There, sure enough, mood tlic Austrian Prefect I hud seen in tturn. He was rocking to and fro upon his heels, n.i though seized with nn Ulnet-a. And close behind lilin won the alde-de- tamp at ivho.iu wish we had set out fur Karon. Th young noMler held lo the balustrade of tho gallery to keep himself from falling over. lie was blue In tho face with laughing. Thus. 1 s.iy, :,t our end of the table. At Hie other, speechless confusion reigned. There xut the Governor .staring his eyes out at the cigar which Uoki held In a shamefaced way, as one who would say. "I didn't mean to smoke it. gentlemen." The hand had begun to play A selection from Carmen, hut mingling with the lilt ing music of Htzet was the thunder of guns In the bay below. I knew well enough what that thunder meant. It was the Italian gunboat saluting the real Empress! "Sklp|M?r," wild I, suddenly, "you may do what you like; I'm going." I rose from my ehulr. excitedly, at the very moment when "Her Majesty" had risen from hen:. A hush fell upon the room. All thj Turks at the hlgh-tahiu were saluting "Solomon" with a gravity Indescribable, and in a way terrible. Hu left the room slowly, holding thu cigar still between his lingers. Kent w:ts on his heels; but before the skippur and 1 could reach the exit, u tremendous voice sang out in German, "Lock the doors." What tnoro was said I do not know; ft wild scone of confusion drowned the words. Austrian officers, Turkish troopers, the jkjIIco of Karos, rushed to gether Into the room. Men stood upon the table and gesticulated; the hand con tinued to. play discordantly, i' saw a number of Turks run towards me, rind then, witli a suddenness 1 could not rea lise, the lamps above me went out, uittl I stoud In dnrkncH. It would Ie Idle for me to attempt to describe the moments which followed. No concatenation of sounds I have heard In all my days resembled In any way the pandemonium of thu great banquet ing hull of Koros. Cricj of terror, shrieks of laughter, prayers, the crush of glass, oaths in five lajiguugcs, a wild turrnoti and press, the terrible rocking to and fro of u mob, blows nnd answering blows, the fierce fight for liberty and light— it was this, and more than this, for the company was Eastern, and life is cheup In the Adriatic. For myself, I thought that they would pull me to pieces. Now curried high upon the shoulders of men; now buttling for breath, striking, kicking; hut, above all, listening ever to the ringing voice of old Jack. ! wna dragged with him, bund locked In hand, now up on the platform, back again to the orchestra, to und fro as a ball In play. Blows of lusty fists fell upon my hack— I did not feel them: my clothes were stripped from me us bark from a tree— the absence of them freed my limbs. Gradually the sounds In my cars were so magnified that I lost sense of the real sounds In Uie room, and heard only this buzzing of blood in tho head. When that ceased at lust, the press ceased with it. A strong light half blinded me; t. still held old Jack's arm, and he was alone with me (To be concluded to-morrow.) 