OUR BENDIGO LETTER. n^reday. (Faoa Ooa CoasjLspoNmtKT). The mystery attached to the finding of the skeleton of a man in the Bush at Five- Mile Creek, about a week ago, still continues to exercise the minds of the police. Neither the identity of the deceased, nor whether his death was the result of murder or suicide, can be clearly established, although the doctors at the inquest inclined to the latter view of the case. The fact that the man in question seems to have been gently nurtured, and not to have lived a bush life, tends rather to increase the mystery than otherwise. The <£old office of Messrs Liildel and Co_ in Mitchell-street, was broken ioto on Satnrday night, but the results were luppily liut email to tlie dfcpredatori. They only found two small bags of pyrites, but. with courage and effronteiy worthier nf a better cause, these tliey at once proceeded to wash-off in the tubs at the rear of the premises, anil then decamped wilh the proceed*. The amonnt nf all tiieir trouble and risk, could not have amounted to more lhau £2 iu value. A fearfully sudden death occurred at California Gully on Sunday afternoon, the victim being a young man named George Broom. The deceased, who was sitting near the fire conversing with his mother, apparently in the best of spirits, suddenly threw up his arms and fell back as if in a faint. When the doctor arrived, he pronounced life to he extinct. The magisterial inquiry found that death had resulted from syncope, or failure of the heart's action. Great sympathy is felt for the mother so suddenly bereaved. A determined suicide took place at Sailor's Gully on Saturday last, when an elderly woman named Catherine Holiday ended her life by hanging herself. She had lately received news of the death of a favorite son at Coolgardie, and last week a photograph of the deceased had also reached her from the West, and, the sad business preying upon her mind, in a fit of temporary insanity, she terminated her existence. The Beodigo Ghost still continues his niebily peregrinations, to llie great alarm of the solitary wayfarers before whom he appears. What with shot gnna and knobled | cudgala, as snsy pod cilicm* in fully isspaisd to safcs • ml fcboat ot liitu if dance pots him in JUr way, that a gene- ral impression fceeios to pruw that, nheu he is caugbt, it will turn oat to be a lunatic, or at least a half-witted creature, who has been playing the senseless pranks. Upon meeting a young woman the other evening armed with a piece of road metal— with which she had previously armed herself—st ths apparition, the ghost promptly knocked her down, and then as usual vanished. The vonng woman has been seriously ill from the effects of Uie shock ever since As Mr T. C. Bugler, an em pluye of the Tramway Company, wis returning home from duty at about 2 o'clock oq Saturday morning, he also wss startled by a aigbt of Ibe ghost Just as he was passing Mendelssohn's studio iu Y r iewstreet, he saw in tho Reserve opposite a silent and motionless figure, clad in white, staring fixedly at him over the fence. Hastily collecting bis scattered senses, be whistled loodly, which csused the apparition to disappear. A constable coming up, they promptly scaled the fence—gates being locked—and scoured the grounds, but their search was unrewsrded with success. The only thing discovered were the unmistskeable footprints of the ghost upon the seat and its back, at the exact spot where Mr Bugler hud been startled by its appearance. nere wss a report in circulation that the ghostly visitant bad been seen at the Mitchell-street Bridge, but this is probably a canard, as he has confined his appearances hitherto entirely to the neighborhood of the Hospital and the Benevolent Asylum, where he probably has ins ghostly habitation A sad accident occurred on Monday night by which Mr William R. Rob, ains. wealthy farmer residing near Ellesmere, and well-known in Elmore, met his death. Mr Robbins had attended the Bendigo sheep market on Monday, and was returning home with four sheep, covered by a net, in his cart, when he accidentally drove over a stump, and his cart over-turned, pinning him to the ground and smashing his head almost to a pulp. The four sheep were also killed, but the horse, strange to say, was uninjured. The horse was still in the shafts beside the body, when Mr Jones, driving along at mid-day on Tuesday, came upon the sad spectacle. The police and Mr F. King Shaw, J.P., were soon upon the scene of the accident, but, there being no suspicious circumstances, an inquiry was deemed unnecessary. The funeral to the White Hills Cemetery to day was largely attended. 