Eic Was E&.-iiinlcd. Fischer's ghost li.is liem lii I, to the -c{ret of those \vh i havo ilieiichrri him ai a uinlovalory for the tjK'Mile. He is no long.T (ii-lieved in git ou top of a lliree-mileil fence us lo ihe clue :o the liisciiveiy m his boms inn slag nut pixil. But theie ii a man in the Chlie, .Svluvy, \vln- whs liauntt-d by a sp-cirj which ui--ev Irft Mm. H uat with liiin as lie s.it nil d.iy m n liu^ shoep, nii'l in t'uu iWk an 1 f ilent u-attli. s of tli-? uigtit it ilang to him, jii.I lie l-pg*u io lm,k upon il as a fearful pint of himsell until his lime uou -I come foen'er into this spirit 1 in I. Ic was a grim ami iiwiil'iiv vAjiii nitin , uu'i nn ma uujo run uivina were speut in trying to S'»lve the euigma of it? presence, ami Ibe w^y lli.il. IiccuiiM lay it us they hml UiJ Fischer's gh--st. Tiie worst i-f the mitter waa Lhat it was i'lvUiule to .VI hut himself; he win worse ilmo tnuiit*', it t-irliini him, fur this epcclre I'jvi'iI to givj hi-n piin. At length I h« menus were given t- him lo fn-o himself of its hiiseful prvmsnc', hm.1 he dWrihcs his las'; finht willi it to our rcpi\e?iititire « ho waiteil upin him ut SO Kridgf-roiJ. Otetie — ' Fw ilie pner eight yeais,' safd Mr, Wm, liutke, shoemaker, ?? I have endured ve-y much from coLStipxtiou a'id piles ; n- meiliciiic seamed to -!o me guoj. At night I eouM nut sleep, air) by Any I was ton diowoy to -lo my work. Noihiup I took cou'il free tnu of piin, untai trieit I7r. Morse's In.ii.n Knot Pills, Burl uow 1 oau s*y that they are the heBr remedy, I htveeverkuowD, as they di not gripe or woikeu, a«J yet do »ll lint :a sit I of them. I am a (letter ni*n to-ilay thai I have lieeu for j-ears. It is a gi.i.i.1 cure.' O.-. M.ir«B'»ludi.inR,ot Pi'la uure euuh fS6is. They are a positive cure for liver ailrneiita, side lieitidclire, hiliousuess, indigestion, liyspepsia, coi siipution, foul breath, eallow com plexions, au 1 u perfect Mood purifier, curiug ei-zama, pimplej, blolcties, Rn.1 all tkiu diseaeef. As a wnmaii's butt friend they st^nd alone. Sold by ehemisU au-l slorckeepi rs, pric *, 1« J Jit per bottle, or siic IjuUIcb,'' Oh. If uualil; to procure where yoa reside. The VV. H. Comstock C-., Ltd., 5S Pitt-airtet, Sydcey, will for.vatd eiine upon receipt Of price. The secretary of thn Matchmaker's Union tells a weird story. A certain man belong ing to the union had died from necrosis, nnd Miss Thornton Smith accordingly called on his widow to pay her tho funeral expenses. The woman asked her whether she would like to see the corpse, and not caring to appear unfriendly Miss Thornton Smith nesented. ? v *???.» ???£^kv 1.IIU1.J D-a»i4 «-liu UU11J II W Oo *J*UiI in the upstairs room. Lit by n farthing dip, the two women ascended the rickety stairway and entered the chamber of death. Ths window was partially open, nnd the oneniog of the door caused a draught. The candle spluttered and went out, leaving the roam in total darknesR, Not quito absolute, hovvever, for a faint yellowish, glimmer was discernnbie .in a far corner. Miss Thornton Smith approached the light, and was horrified to sec the dead m iti's face grinning'at her from the coffin. A sort of unearthly light eman ated from the corpse. It was yellow phos phorous that hud so impregnated the body of the poor w retell during his lifetime that it could, not even leave him after death. Evidently nothing in the list of male vestments is sacred to tho American young lady. Having annexed her brother's ' bowler ' lint, his starched shirt front, h'B collar and his necktie, his jneket, and, for bicycling, purpose?, his knickerbockers, her latest whim is to adopt his sleeping-suit. According to the American fashion paper?, the American girl, who thinks nothing of nmking Ion? journeys by train, declares that the masculine night garment is far more comfortable than the orthodox feminine garment. It is not only the American girl who Hffdcts sleeping suite, us in the windows of a London hosier may now be seen an announcement that 'Lidiei' pyjamas are jnade to order.' Scene : A tobiooonist shop. Eater customer, 'Packet of olg*rette», please.'* Any particular brand, elr?' 'Oh, 'Tbr-'e Cust'es,' of course.- I cannot smoke auy other,' ' That Is what most of my customer tay.' Peinted and publishes hy John Musohavr, Bile proprietor, at the Dispatch Machine Printing Works, Walluoe- eteet North, Uraldwood. K8.W, ? ' 