MORBID THOUGHTS IN STORIES. Dear 'Vivienne,' — Permit me to give an opinion on this serious question, for it is serious, inasmuch as the short story is getting too enigmatical. I admit, with ' Claremont,' that it requires much skill to construct a short story — that is, as short as some editors insist upon, and many writers give us ; but what is the good of it when no one but the writer can possibly see the drift of it — so vague and unsatis factory is its composition from beginning to end ? A short story is one thing, a mere outline of a story is another, and many that I have read from the pens of ' eminent writers 'are incoherent though brilliant; displeasing to the reader, though the word ing bo classical. Fine phrases and a mass of words not generally fouud in our Saxon tongue do not necessarily ? make a good story. Neither can I see auy great merit in the subtleties which many writers intro duce into their love stories. To my mind, the story which deals with the sub ject selected in a matter of fact way — no matter whether morbid or otherwise — is the story for Australian readers. Australia is full of sensational incidents, and the man, or woman, who can present them to the average reader iu understandable language is, par excellence, the story writer for the people. A very clever editor (now in Sydney) once said to me: 'Why do you fellows make your Christmas stories so dismal ? W hy not impart a little fun and humor into them ?'* My reply was : ' Because, for some reason which I cannot explain, readers at Christ mas time look for sensation ; aud editors who cater for all sorts of people take care to give their clients just what they- want.' And it is a fact, inasmuch as most editors are anxious to know whether there is a ghost, a murder, a tight, or a woman in tbe story one submits to them. Whether we have 'literary genius' or not in Australia, we have uudoubtedly many very pleasing and much- appreciated i writers of fiction — and I could name many, ' for most of them have appeared in the Sunday Times. Aud if 'Valerie' or 'Claremont' doubt me let them look ud the Christmas numberp of the S.T. for the last few years, and I am sure they will admit that the tales are more readable, (while quite equal in literary merit)' than most of the short stories appearing nowa days in popular English serials and maga zines. As for women being more inclined to morbid literature than meu, I do not think they are. A few liyper-refined youug iadies may delight in namby-pamby love stories; but most of them prefer a good, rousing, sensational, blood-curdling, bush ranging, ghost-raising, 'horse-racing, gold linding, stock-hunting, flood-escaping tale to anything turned out by au exquisite literary genius whose practical knowledge of life was gained in clubs aud drawing rooms. The tales which appear iu the huge pink sheet at Christmas-time are essentially Australian, and as 6uch are esteemed by the thousands of readers above anything imported or manufactured elsewhere. It is uot the high-class story that takes, but the story that gets home — strikes one at a glance, keeps up the interest all the time, and finally reaches one's softest spot, the heart — Henry Fletcher's stories, for instance. — I am, &c;„ ? G.C.J. The Yankees are continuing to act up to their reputation fer originality, as will be seen by tlie following advertisement which recently appeared iu an American news paper: 'A young man of good figure and disposition, unable, though desirous, to procure a wife without the preliminary trouble of amassing a fortune, proposes the following expedient to attain the object of his wishes. He offers himself as a prize in a lottery, to all widows and maidens under 32\. The number of tickets to be 600, at 50dol. each. Only one number to be drawn, the fortunate proprietor of which is entitled to the husband and the 30,000dol.' Flavoring Essences. — If .you want the strongest and best, seo that you have Macouochie'8 ; it's twice the strength of ordi nary makers'. Tbe purest ingredients only used* 