The Archbishop and the Irish National Federation. At a meeting of the Executive of the Irish National Federation it was decided to send the following letter to HiB Grace the Archbishop 45 Bundle Street, February 2, 1898. May it please Your Grace.—I am in structed by the Irish National Federation to convey to you their sincere thanks for your generous contribution to the '98 Celebration Fund. In thanking Your Grace for the kind consideration which our letter received, we sincerely regret that you were unable to use your influence in obtain ing a portion of the proceeds of the National Celebration for the patriotic cause we advocated. The Federation, in making that request, had no intention of reviving the controversy of '96, but as Your Grace, in your courteous reply, has gone fully into the whole question, we think it only fair that the following facts should also be made public:— 1\. The Federation cannot agree with the statement that the celebration of St. Patrick's Day was only "formally an Irish demonstration." For nearly 20 years prior to 1896, indeed, ever Bince the demonstration took a definite shape in South Australia, it has been essentially an Irish National Festival, in which Irishmen of all creeds have participated, and the great bulk of the funds has been contri buted by Protestant sympathisers with the Irish cause. It is true the majority of those taking part in the demonstration were Catholics, and Catholic societies assisted in making it a success, but it was the knowledge that the surplus realized was to be devoted in some way to the struggle for Home Bule that actuated the great majority of those who patronised the Celebration. If the Federation did not believe that a large section of the Irishmen of the city and suburbs favored the carry ing out of the demonstration on these lines, they would not for a moment question the decision which was arrived at in '96. 2\. The Federation respectfully submit that no public meeting of the " Catholic community " was held to discuss the whole question of the allocation of the funds of the St. Patrick's Day sports and concert. The "public gathering" referred to was called to quote the advertisement:—" To discuss measures for giving effect to a resolution adopted at the meeting on Monday even ing last, relative to the holding of picnic, sports, and concert on St. Patrick's Day for the liquidation of the Archidiocesan Debt." The meeting referred to as having been held on Monday night was a meeting of representatives from Catholic societies, many of whom were not authorised by their societies to act for them. Yet this meeting reversed a decision previously carried by a large majority at a meeting of fully accredited delegates from the same Catholic societies. The public meeting, it will be seen, was called for a specific object, namely, to carry out the Demonstration in aid of the Archidiocesan Debt Fund, not to discuss the whole question. And it may be added that the largest society taking part in the Demonstration, the H.A.C.B. Society, true to its motto, to " cherish the memory of Ireland," had some months before pledged its support to the Irish National Federation in carrying out this celebration until Home Bule was granted. 3\. The Federation cannot assent to the statement that they propose to make the Catholics of the city and suburbs "bear the brunt of South Australia's co- opera tion to the worthy commemoration of the men of '98." An appeal has been made through the columns of "The Southern Cross " to give the Irishmen in the country districts, where the paper largely circu lates, an opportunity of subscribing. We believe that the infusion of a National element into the celebration of St. Patrick's Day would contribute greatly to its success, and conduce to the harmony which Bhould exist between those who now hold different opinions. We believe that a great number of the patriotic Irishmen and sympathisers with the Irish cause would hail with satisfaction the proposal of the I.N.F. that a portion of the proceeds of the National festival this year should be devoted towards worthily commemorating the men who— " Bose in dark and evil days To right their native land." In conclusion, we beg to assure Your Grace that those members of our Society who are Catholics are fully in sympathy with your endeavours in the reduction of the Archi d'ocesan liabilities, and are further deeply impressed with the splendid zeal shown by Your Grace in the lessening of the enormous burden which presses so severely on the Catholics of South Australia. We deeply appreciate the compliment Your Grace has paid to those members of the Federation who have assisted your very laudable efforts, and hope that the good feeling which characterised your courteous reply to our letter will continue to exist be tween Your Grace and the members of the Irish National Federation. I am, xour Grace s Most obedient Servant, J. P. DOHENY, Hon. Sec. I.N. Federation. One great mythical theologian calls the gifts of the Holy Ghost the seven sails of the soul, in which it catches the various breezes of inspiration, and so navigates the sea of perfection. 