The Voyage of the Monsoon. BY "GOSSIP" Chapter XXIV. Many and various were our troubles while we lay in Hong Kong. 'Twould fill a big book to narrate one tithe of them. Bob and I used up the tartar emetic pretty regularly, and kept the old man in fairly good trim. We saw all the "curios" that the Chinese peddlers brought on board, and, if we'd had any money, we'd have laid in a big stock to take home to our mothers. We used to sit together on the fok'sl head and talk it over. I wanted to take some lovely carved ivory ornaments to my sisters, and a delicate lace shawl to my mother, but old Jay never gave us a penny, and we daren't ask him for it. Still, we took it out of him with the little bottle, so we didn't worry. The ship chandler who supplied the ship with stores, was named Fat Jack. He was one of the biggest Chinamen I ever saw, and he wore splendid silk clothes, thick-soled, soft shoes, and a long black pig tail, which was wound round his head. He was a nice man and he was very sorry for us boys, and used to talk to us and give us little presents. He gave me a jar of preserved ginger to take home to my mother, and that jar made a big difference in the ship. One of the things that my alleged father left on board, when he ran away, was a poor, cheap, paper-covered trunk. He didn't leave any clothes in it, or any thing else, so it was given to me. If I had kept my clothes in it, I would have had to go naked, for I never seemed to have more than one suit at a time, and I can't even remember how I got them. You see, I didn't worry about clothes, for a calico shirt and pants were clothes enough for hot weather. I had no cap, no shoes and nothing at all, except what I stood in, and the "genteel" little black jacket that I ran away from home in. When Fat Jack gave me that jar of ginger I put it into the trunk, and it stayed there for a while, but, I felt that the Monsoon would never carry me back to mother, and then — what would come of the ginger? The thought was present with me, so at last I resolved on opening it and tasting it. It was a very solemn business opening that jar, and it was only to be tasted, that was all. I gave Bob one piece, and I had another, and it was good. We were dreadfully hungry little boys ; it seems almost incredible to me that small boys could ever have been so hungry. We closed the jar up, and made some good resolutions about not tasting another bit. Tom Golding gave me a pair of calico trousers about, that time, and I wrapped them round the jar, so that it would be safe. One day old Davies, the dark-faced second mate, took to scrubbing out the half deck where we slept. He had the lower pew, and I had the upper one. Our share of the half deck was to starboard, and our heads were forrard, when we lay in our bunks. He left his sea boots in front of his bunk one day, at the forrard end, and I lay in my pew, smoking. I was only a young smoker, and his boots were very convenient, only I didn't see them. When he put his foot into his boot next day it was wet, and he kicked up an awful row. 0! he was a mean, vicious little beggar, and Bob and I just laughed at him. But he got square on us. He scrubbed out our half deck, and he tumbled my "chest" about, and we never knew it. When I came in, hours afterwards, there was the juice of the preserved ginger leaking out of the trunk. When I opened the lid there were the calico trousers all mixed up with the ginger. It looked as if the saturnine little second mate had upset the jar purposely, right into the trousers. I called Bob, and we cried over the ginger, and said horrible things about Davies. Then Bob and I ate the ginger, because, of course, we couldn't carry it home now, and we had awful trouble with those trousers : we couldn't always tell which was trousers and which was ginger, but we didn't lose a great deal, and it made us a bit sick, but that was a detail. The old man was ashore that day, and Bob and I did a horrible thing. We sat on the mizzen hatch and we cursed Davies. We were apt scholars, and the skipper had given us a liberal education in curs- ing, so we poured it all out on the second mate. He wasn't very big, and we were ready to fight him — so we said — with iron belaying pins. He sat and foamed, and said "Wait till the old man comes aboard." And we waited. That afternoon a big ship near us was heaving up anchor. There must have been rare trouble on board, for the sailors had hoisted a bundle of beef bones up to the fore-royal-mast- head, and fastened the halyards on the royal yard. Then they sang : "Oh, it's time for us to leave her, Leave her, Johnnie, leave her, For the work is hard and the wages poor, And it's time for us to leave her, Leave her, Johnnie, leave her." Then the skipper hoisted the police flag, and one of the officers had to go aloft and cut the halyards that kept the bones at the mast-head, and we couldn't tell what was going to hap- pen ! But the police put things straight; and the crew took to heaving on the windlass to get up the anchor, and she seemed to be coming awfully close to us, and there was a good deal of a breeze on. Our old man came aboard and began to swear at Davies for not having a kedge out to star- board to keep him clear of the stranger. Poor little Davies was half out of his mind with the trouble we'd given him, and he rushed off to get out a kedge anchor onu the star- board quarter. The way they do it is this : The anchor is fastened to the stern of a big boat, and the rope (not chain) is played out from the ship as the boat pulls away with it. When they are far enough from the ship they let go the anchor, and then the crew on board the ship hauls on the rope and "kedges" the ship to where they want her. But when the kedge anchor is down the men on board want to know where it is, so they have a buoy attached to it, and this buoy is taken in the boat along with the anchor. Now listen, for this is awful ! When they are going to let go the kedge they throw the buoy overboard from the boat, or, as they call it, " stream the buoy." In this case the buoy-rope was coiled in the boat, and Jerry O'Donnell (the Irish Nightingale) was in the stern with Davies. They were both excited, for they were both afraid of the old man. There was an idea that the second-mate was going to be discharged, and the bo'san, who had certificates was going to get his place, and then Jerry was going to be the bo'sun. The rest of the crew hated Jerry and they knew he would be a tyrant. Davies and Jerry hated each other too, and this wild, exciting job that had got to be rushed so, had nearly driven them both frantic, and that led to the fatal results. The ship was heaving close up beside us, and our boat was away out on the starboard quarter. There were six men in her, four pulling and the two in the stern. There was an extra yell on board the strange ship on the port quarter and we all rushed to see what had happened, but there was nothing to be seen. Then we turned back to haul on the kedge rope, and there stood four men in the boat only. They had dropped the kedge without streaming the buoy. Nobody could tell who was to blame, but the anchor had been let go, and as the buoy rope drew out it coiled round the two men in the stern, with the speed of light- ning, and took them both down to death. We hauled in the kedge as soon as we could, but that did no good, for we never saw either of them again. The tide took them both down the Lyeemoon Pass, and so ended my two enemies. Sailors are superstitious. They had heard Bob and I curse poor Davies earlier in the day, and they knew that Jerry was hated of us both. They saw that old Jay was having a bad time, and now came this fearful disaster, and they blamed us for it. They looked on us with awe-stricken horror, and we didn't know what to do. We hadn't learned what life is, or whence life comes, or whither life doth go, and we were terrified ourselves with what had happened. I daren't sleep in the half-deck that night for fear of the second-mate's ghost, and poor Bob was as frightened as I was, so we both cried ourselves to sleep on the pantry deck. And over the whole ship there was an awful gloom, and a kind of dread of what was yet to come. (To be Continued). 