A GHOSTLY VISIT A ST. ALAUM IX BAVNK-SVI:Kl.T. The hospital h;i- Iatc-Iy - :i uilf-j] source . ■ . of ntnp;ili"i:s, ami ii..M t-lin it i- ort«i '.vilh having " a ghi-.-t" within it? precinct:-: its notorietv has ho^n inct t-aseil tenfold. For the p.'.-t fortnight stories hare, hren widely ciirulatctl uf a " ghust!y;' form, which flits iUjwi: at night time upi-n lonely fen;alcp in the nci^hbot homi the hospital, i'Ufi hnvijig. startled them into hysterics glirirs silently away. At, iirst, the s-torics wc:c discredited, hut as nioi'; than one person testified to having seen the "gho.;!iv" visitant it was at length perceived '.hat, the reports were correct. Several young ladies while passing in the locality of I'.avne-stieet, which runs along the, side of the hospital, have been frightened by the "ghost," which they say first of all appears a? a human form dressed in white and of i rdinary stature, and then of a sudden in creises its height to a considerable ex tent. It assumes a- . peculiar style of gait, so that some aver that it walks on stilts while others are uf opinion that it potsess.es spriny heels. For the first few nights its nightly walk was along Bayne-street, near the hospital wall, over which it lenpecl one night in the path of a young man who was going homewards about 9 -/clock. For the past week, however, it- has become migratory in its habits and has been . seen near the Gasworks and at the bottom end of the lake. Lately its wanderings have become of rare occurrence, it having doubtless become aware of the vigilant watch which has been kept for it. The last occasion on which it was seen was yesterday morning, when it frightened some newsboys about 2 o'clock. It is popularly believed that the "ghost" has 'its haunt in the hospital gardens and it- is per sistently reported that it has been seen to leap the hospital wail. numbers of young men are keeping a continual lookout for the "appari tion," so that the practical joker, or maniac or whatever ho may be may reckon on having a bad time when apprehended. 