THE HAUNTED MOUNTAINS; Of?, COLONEL CODTS SEARCH. A ROMANCE OP THE WESTT By CORONER PRENTISS INGRAM. “utor of “Te Mysterious Man iu Blue ” Etc. CIRVPTER RV.—TWO VORTT NfTFDRa vv hen Colonel Ferns rend the second communication left by tlie weird mid night visitor signing himself '“Ghost,” and which told that the three scouts had been put to dearth in the Indian village, wiiilc- Colonel Cody -and Lieu tenant Hugh Sea ford were ye.t alive, he was more deeply moved than he cared ■ to reveal. m- Inquiry gave him the information that ,^he sentinels had not seen anyone aju . proach the fort. It was snowing, but there wei-e the ■ tracks of a, horse to the stockade gate and back again. And more, there was the letter left by the weird visitor. The colonel at once had a long talk with his niece, and she was also much moved at the communication. "J do not know what to say, uncle, but I believe what is reported, for the mat: — or whoever ft is—has certainly proved worthy of belief.” “Yes; but how can he know all this —that the scouts have been slain, and Seaford and Cody are alive?” “I do not know how; and yet he lcnew of their capture, of the attack of the Indians, and in spite of weather that the bravest men hardly dare face, he goes about very comfortably, it seems." “He certainly does. But, Ethel, what if I send for Surgeon Powell, and let him know the contents of this note?” “A good idea indeed, uncle; for he has a very clever way of grasping at situa tions.” So the orderly was sent for Surgeon Prank Powell, and that oflicer soon put In an appearance at headquarters. Ethel was still with her uncle, and she watched Doctor Powell closely as he read the note. But she might as well have been regarding a marble bust, for not a sign crossed his‘ handsome face at what he read. . “Well, Poweli?” asked the colonel. “It is certainly sad, sir, about those poor scouts; but Seaford and Cody seem to be fortunate—in fact, colonel, I have an abiding faith that Cody was not born to be killed by an Indian or an out law*.” “You believe this statement, then?” “Implicitly, sir.” “And can offer no solution as to who •the writer is?” Surg'eon Powell did not immediately reply, and then he said: “Let me go and find out, sin” “What?” “I have been thinking of lake, sir, that ■it was hardly right in me to let Cody and those with him remain prisoners .when it might be possible to rescue them.” “If you see a. way, you can have one • third of the force here to accompany you.-’ “I do not exactly- see a way, sir, arid a. large - force would do no good. But alone, or with one other to accompany me,I might be able to do something.” “It would be taking fearful risks, Powell.” “Hot such risks, colonel, as Cody and those with him take every moment they are in the hands of the Indians.” “What "would you do?” ‘I’ll tell you ,sir. I would go from the fort quietly at night with one person, and take with me three pack-horses, for plenty of food would have to be taken, as well as oats for our horses. They would get scanty feed at that, unless we could .find grass in the mountain canyons not snowed under. I would try and run across Cody’s ghost, who is so friendly; but,, if not, see what could be done to wards a rescue in one way or another. I can but try, sir, and, well mounted, we would have little to fear from the In dians, for they will keep very close this cold weather.” “And who would you take with you?” : “Spurs.” ! “What, Seaford's negro servant?” “res, sir; and every inch a man. He Is a giant in strength, a dead shot, knows not what fear is, can stand any amount of hardship, and has been con stantly urging me to try to rescue his master.” “Yes, uncle. Spurs was with Lieuten ant Seaford, at whose home in Texas he was born a slave, and he has gone with him everywhere, and is devoted to him,” said Ethel. “If anyone else than yourself, Powell, made this proposition, I would consider him mad. But -with you it is differ ent.” t ‘.“Thank you, sir. Then I can go?” “Yes; but Spurs must volunteer.” ■“He has already done so, sir, anti we shall be ready to start to-morrow night.” “I dislike to see you do so, hut suppose St is best, though bear in mind that even Cody was captured.” "True, sir, and I will risk capture to save him," was Surgeon Powell’s reply as he left the colonel's quarters. 