FEDERATION AND THE 10THEH COLONY. Numbers of people are urgently insistent;, on the subject. They tell us- that -we must federate; they declare that the blessings. -of ' federation are countless, and they will have/ lt.that: the- bill- for -federating us which the Convention . of Australian representatives has just passed -"Is most admirably1 suited for-the- purpose. Therefore,, they conclude,, we '-must-adopt the bill, and be quick about It. It Is as- if.'ithe- blll wereja..thing- ready to fly-away unless we catch- vhold of it; quickly. Mr. M'Millan, the pillar of- free- trade, is - at/onevwith the: protectionlstfCon- ventlon-leasder- on"'- this- subject. They '-have with them£Mr. ..Carr u there, owholhas- s toienva : marcli- on-'the'-corrverted apostie\;of' federa-- "tion, Mr;.'tRel(L "by- delivering., an--, -elaborate ; liomlly- in; favour-of the -bill. ' Th'eyihave also . wlth ' them all the representatives of the - smaff /States, who 1 cannot"say Hoo-- much'!in - praise -of the bill,, and are begfnnlng4.o-:pro- phecy .that' the peopleiof thlsfcontinent - are about to swallowthat'.measnre::with aviQlty;,.' This- unanlmityof'thesmall'.Statesreprasen- tatlon-te.'susplcious, -but for- the -moment we are dealing with t Messrs. M'Mlllan, .-Barton, and Carruthers. ' ' >'/<' Mr. Carruthers limay he left"tto -'the tender mercies-' of -the' mamnvith thePaulic history of Federal- apostleshlp; . -a 'history, we may; add,: which. may- haverfurtherijstaTtling de velopment s;such,,af. least, is<always the case with the politicians " with, (whom inconsis tency 'isthe only/conslstency: Imany- event,- probably, Mr. -Carrnthers'.w.lljl'tfeel the 'welghfc. of the' resentment always; meserved for -su bordinates whcaredndiscraet as well-as -Self- : seeking. Mr. Barton's degcrljitlon of<the-bm/ is-- that-.lt is more perfectly liberal than lt> has" been possible lor anyl'lfill liitberto -to be. .; In.whlch. contenlion theretls Oocertain-'plausl- blUtyi-.inasmuch as- untvelzaabEuffrago has a, . fine, air- of' LlberaDsmviabout'lt -alwatys. But<S ' tookodv-afr-oloser- ; : thai/ argirewirtt6Coaaeg--aa plea for the government of a great oontinent by the minority of Its people. If our neigh bour, Queensland, were joining in the game of federation the Liberalism of Mr. Barton's ar gument might pass; but as Queensland will not come in till the Greek Kalends the ex treme Liberalism- of the bill Is not .(likely to commend Itself by any softening elieot-of .its murderous .principles. Mr; M'Mlllan, in his - flowery, precise way, : says, the bill is an admirable literary produc- tlon, well constructed, easily understandable ' of the public, In every respect of this kind a model instrument. The same may be said; both of a declaration of love and of a death, sentence. But In all that may be said of this kind there'is nothing to induce the lady to ac cept the one,.or the sentenced person to admit the Justice of the other.- The Convention, moreover, was- not a debating society of bud ding youth, charged wlth thei duty of draw-1 ing up something with a fine literary fla- vc uranda clear- meaning, A- declaration of love- must appeal: to- tie feelings of the per son- addressed, and a sentence of death must \- bo justified in every instance by a strong , chain of reasoning, In like manner an im- -pertant legislative instrument must be sup- 1 berted by the weightiest considerations. Es pecially is- this applicable to an Instrument imposing a new constitution on a number ef States with at all events some divergent Interests, and binding that constitution with ; ties that must remain Indissoluble for all ' time. -Why, we-ask', should we accept a thing, and that in a. hurry, from which we or our descendants -can. only escape — should 'it -turn out a-curse — by civil war? The answer is, because the bill Is a very nice little bill, toautlfuflly printed, and most dearly ex pressed. Our- people have not borne the heat and burden of the day to be caught at the eleventh hour with chaff of this sort. There' was a time when the mother colony appeared to be enthusiastic for federation. It may be an open question, or . it may not, whether the big vote of last March was due to-a widespread love for federation, or a general- fear of sectarian animosities created by aicertalni-famous candidature. There are men- who- hold the latter theory, and proclaim It. For the sake of argument we will sink this Issue, and -regard the vote as the sign of a genuine public feeling for federation. At the present time there Is no such debateable question. There is no doubt, and it is gene rally admitted, that the feeling of a year ago has; greatly changed. Indeed, one critic has gone so-far (a small States critic, let us not forget)-as to threaten that In case of failure to - poll SO, 000 affirmative votes in the mother colony the Imperial Parliament will be asked nevertheless to impose this constitution on us, at the -blddlng of the rest of Australia. But this we.refer to merely in passing. Now, the roasomfor thls-change is not far to seek. The public can appreciate the financial clauses- in the bill, especially after all the "linked sweetness long drawn out" of the many discussions which have been so fully reported. It is clear to the meanest intelli gence, as well as to the most hurried ob server of passing events, that the finance of the hill, the finance to be Imposed upon us for .'all time, Is cumbrous beyond the verge of endurance. The levying of taxes, their re tention for a time, their return after ab straction of a fixed proportion, Is a blunder- ous combination of useless, unnecessary work. It is aggravated by the ; requirement of a book-keeping system which, besides sweeping away the advantages of the remo val- of border duties, whatever they may be, makes demands which would be impossible in the.case of ordinary- Custom House offic-ers. One source of this hideous and disastrous cumbersomeness Is the fact that the basis of federatiom-is not wide enough. "With the railways and debts token over It would he 'otherwise. These we are proudly told,. are left to "development, "—one critic going so far as to say this Is the scientific -feather in the bill's cap. But then .-they may-never- develop. Atiany rate, the basis-, istoo- narrow now.iand- before any de velopment/can come-wefwho.! choose to stand on that' -basls may- be upset. -In the second place, and"-thlB ls far "worse, ithe working of the taxation machinery ris./with the ; present free-trade condition off the mother -colony, i-fraught -withi-'latent -possibilities that' make one tremble. The federal tariff, however con structed, must,-: so Mr. MVMlllan says, give New South- rWaiesia large4surplus, and land . one or morewrf the'tother colonies in a deficit. That' deficit-;must.)bemadetup somehow. It I- cannot he maideupv-ont of I the New South "Wales-1 surplus. iHereUs a, -small mercy, for \- whichliwe»really-feel"gratefnl'to the Conven- \- tion, andy-thankSul — not without' surprise— to-our1 -representatives. Neither 'can . the de ficit beinadeiupffjy "borrowing, for borrowing sin ald'iofijrewen-oe-by a -great federation at the -outset of .'rits - career would spell initial disasteAwfThe-only -recourse-visible is ' direct ' taxation;. .'Itela-not perfectly vislble.'ln the \- bill. Btrt'-wjlthoutwdoubt the power Is there "far Imposing Idlreot taxation to make up for deficiencies. Now, what would be the re sult. of suchiavl finance? New South.. ."Wales woulihave ;anv unnecessarily huge surplus <>£1ixadl0c— a, String agatnst- the first prin- mftoolo con- ; tinent would -be a. prey to the confusion of a triple- system of direct taxation.- After pay- . Ing the general and State land and Income : -taxes, and the local rates, where would the average taxpayer be? That he would- be in a tight place, probably, . It requires no ghost to -tell us. Under the clroumstances we must protest strongly, at least against the inordinate hurry which the prophets of this F ederatlon Bill are indecently seeking to lm- pose upon us. ' 