SERIOUS ACCIDENT TO A YOUNG LADY.-On Monday evening a very seri ous accident occurred at the riding gallery-or what is better known as a merry-go round- which is erected at the corner of Be ntinck and Gawler-stree:s, on that vacant piece of ground opposite Mac's Hotel. A young lady, named Miss Bannister, a waitress who has been in the emnplvy of Mr McLarea, of Mac's Hotel for a number of years, was riding one of the horses at the merry-go-round, and during the progress of the machine she accidentally fell off, landing on her head close to the foot path in Gawler-street. When picked up Miss Bannister was fcund to have sustained very severe injuries to her fore head, and t:e :erer was conveyed in an unconsciuc con:-:'cn to Mac's H:tcI. Dr. Levis was su:moned and d ro nounced it a serious matter, and although both Drs. Levis and Dckling were in attendance the patient remained in a semi-conscious condition during that night and all day Tuesday. We hear that Miss Bannister is somewhat be:ter this morning a:though still in a Precartous stale. M:i~.Iar.-The oEcial inspection of the Portland Battery was held here last evening by Lieut.-Colonel Umphe:by, Commanding Oficer of the Western district brigades. There was a full mus ter of all ranks. The inspecting oficer was received with the customary salute, after which he passed along the ranks and inspected the arms, accoutrements, and clothing of the men. The battery was then put through manual and firing exercises by Major Hawkins, and com pany drill by Sergt.-Majur Egan, after which they divested themselves of their accoutrements and formed up for fort manning on the 63 pounder guns. The work was done smartly, and the Inspect ing icer expressed himself as being greatly pleased with the parade and the splendid m ister. After the parade, Lieut.-Coonel Umphelby addressed the men, and informed them that with the beginning of the new year the battery would be raised to double its present strength, when he hoped they would urge other young men to join and make the battery up to its original strength. IMPORTANT TO MCUICIFALITIEr.-At the Oakleigh Court on Monday, Mir. C. J. MIorrison, P.M., gave his decision in the case Borough of Oakleigh v. Alex. H. Gray, to recover £26 in respect of work done in Station-street under the special improvement rate clauses of the Amending Local Government Act t89i. Mr. A. J. Wiiroth represented the coun cil and MIr, Moir the defendant. De fendant set up four principal grounds of objection, viz.: (t) That the work pro posed to be done was not in accordance with section 75 of the act; (2) That the amounts in the ratebook were not pro perly set out and were not adopted; (3) That the special order was not legally made; (4) That the rate was not legally and validly made under section 272 of the Local Government Act 18go. Mr. Morrison stated that none of the objec tions were sustained save one, viz., that the special order was not legally made, the notice to councillors not being given when the confirmation was adjourned, and the meeting to confirm the special order being held 27, instead of 28, days after the striking of the rate. He, there. fore, dismissed the case, with no costs, stating that defendant had not been in jured by the Council, and that his pro perty had been improved. Section 179 of the principal act had not been com plied with. PORTLAND POLICE COURT.-At this court this morning, the only case was J. Taylor v. -. Jenkins, of Branxholme, claim for £6. Mr, Mills appeared for plaintiff, and an order for the amount was granted, wvith £ 6s costs. Messrs. WV. P. Anderson and Dr. Levis were the presiding magistrates. A CIHEYISTS's FATAL MISTAKE. An action has been commenced in the County Court by Letitia Williams, widow of the late Dr S, J. Williams, claiming £3ooo000 from Janrs Christopher, chemist, for the death of her husband. Thisis the case in which a son ol the defendant supplied Dr Williams with atropine in mistake for morphia. CHURCH PARADE.-A Church parade of the local battery will be held on the 18th September. The members of the battery will fall-in at the Orderly Room at o,,io ai,m Dress, rYvicw order, THE WILFRED MARR PETITION. This petition is being freely signed. All the ministers of religion in the town have signed it, and only a few refusals were met with by those taking around the peti- tion. We have seen the signatures, and find it is being signed by all classes of every political and religious views. The petition does not throw any isight on the magistrates, and only refers to the flog- ging and the man's apparently weak intellect. A SPORTs .I.NLSIuE JocsEY.-An un selfishly daring act was com-m:tted at the Roseh:in races on Saturday by E. Humphries, rider of Messenger in the Hurdle Race. I)Dmahoey while Ilading made a tremrendous jump, and unseated his rider (Conlon), who clung round the horse's neck. Humphries, seeing Conlon's plight, galloped alongside Dal mahoey, and by sheer force saved Conlon from a severe tumble. The pair then raced home, wi:h the result ta-at Dalrrahcoy dfeated Mes:sener. Con. !on f:-r:vwrds cublicy thanked Humn p,hries for ;1- brave and unse:fist con duct. C.STE .Tors S':'w,. - The Ca:terton A. ani P. b-ciety's shops to be held on the S:h September, pru:::ises to be a great improvement on that of any previous year, the prize money in nearly every class having been douibkLd, and a number of adli:ional attractions provided. In all, over ,i 5o wll be given away, the bulk for horses and sheep. Entries for the latter classes close on September 5, and tor the other divisions on the followivng evening. This year tickets at holiday excursion fares will be issued irom Port lan-i and intermediate stations. LAvInoG A GHOST AT B. ENs o.-The proceedings taken by the young men of Bendigo have probably e-ectually " laid " the Bayne street gr.st, as on Sunday night the masquerader was fired at by a party searc'ijg for him, and, leaving his ghostly man:le, escaped cver a fence and disappeared. Shor:ly after o'clock some youths, armed with a double-barrelled gun, stationed them selves at the corner of Bayne-stree:, and had not been waining long when piercirg screams were heard from the corner of the next street. The young men rar. to the spot, and found a girl frantic and trembling with fright. She could only utter, " The ghost, the ghost," and swooned away. Turning the corer the lads saw a figure in whIte moving slowly along the foo:pa:h, under the shade of the street trees. One of them :red a: it, and without a sound the figure jumped a neighbouring fence and made cff into the garden. The ghostly mantle was dropped in the flight, and when picked up was found to consist ot half a dczen yards of white musl:n, As it bore shot marks it is more than probable that the " ghost " was s:reuk by some o: the pellets, though he gave no sign. The ,wh,:e nei.;hbur hood was aroused in a very short time, but though search was made till mid night nothing more was sewa of the author of the scare. SALvATION AR::v.-To-morrow night, Sep:emher I, the e:ertain:nen=t known as " Heaven aend H:!," wh~:h as s succe-sf::iy carried cut ba:ore a packed building last Thursday, wi::l be rata:ed. We hear the Captain requires 3 155s to clear the debt on tha local corps. On this occasion the admission will be by a silver coin, to which everyone is wel come. We are also informed that Cap tain Kirgan is preparing several Tab leaux for an entertainment which he pro poses giving at an early drte. The tab leaux will represent the ' Slums of Mel bourne," as seen by him, A notorious ex-convict, known as the " Tasmanian devil," will visit Portland and hold ser vices in connection with the Army at an early date. SERIOUS ACCIDExT TO A JOCsiEY,-An accident took place on Monday al the Richmond racecourse during the progre=s cf one of the pony races held there, and, as a result, a lad named John A. Russell now lies in the Melbourne Hospital in a most precarious condition, The boy was riding Mr R. Warmingham's grey mare '" Faith '' in the " Fourteen- three Handicap," a race over three furlongs and a half, and for which there were no fe-er than 24 starters. WVhen about I5o yards from the start, on the side of the track furthest from the grand-stand, he was thrown by some unknown means over the head of his mount, Before he reached the ground the unfortunate lad was struck by the shoulder of one of the other animals, and being shot ahead was kicked like a football from one to the other, until at length he lay prostrate about 20 yards from the spot where he was first thrown. Being picked up, it 'as apparent that the boy had been seriously minjured, and Mr Branson, M.R.C.S,, was summoned hastily. That gentleman recommended the lad's im. mediate removal to the Melbourne Hospital, and he was admitted to that institution by Mr Shiels, M.B., suffering from a depressed tracture of the base of the skull. THE STuD.-Those desirous of going in for draught stock, will be pleased to find that the well-bred Clydesdale, Gold top, is available this year. His location is to be at Condah, and we feel that owners of good mares even as far dis tast as Portland will not hesitate to travel the distance to secure his services. The pony Influence, is also advertised to be at Condat. The pedigree of these two appears elsewhere. RO~ANCE iN REAL LIFE,--'" Jetsam" in the "Border Watch " says :-W\ho says Adelaide has not its romances in real life: she is keeping her end up in that respect. Witness the case of Michael Fitzpatrick, found beneath the charred debris of a shed in \Vaymouth street, burnt to death. He is described as a scholarly man of mystery; was travelling in iSS7 with a ma:e en route from KIimberlcy. Westralia to the Ade laide Jubilee Exhibition with several hundred pounds, when a bushranger attacked them, murdered the mate, robbed him of L506, and Fitzpatrick of £194, and left the latter for dead. Found almost lifeless by the police four days after the outrage Fitzpatrick lay in the Perth Hospital eleven months, divested of his faculties, speechless and deaf, and recovered his speech in ISSS through the fright, caused by the jolt in a cart, loosening his vocal cords, Now he has met a horrible death by fire. Read that in a novel and you would gay that it was oVerdrawa, THE FjISHI:;G INDUSTRY.--On Tu. day morning, the local fiherm-: c-.. tured another larme haul of -ais: i the bay. The majority of the ca-tch c this occasi3t;on W made by ma:is -i a .Sine, thle n. beilg most.y s:..a t ooo dozen were secured, of which a ,r t r.nmber were taken by the local Fre7z . ,Yorks for preser;ing. The "coua a:e also p:et'iful in the bay and are bi::lZ readily. A CaCLING CLE:c,'SN,-The Rev. J. A. Super, of the Baptist Church, Dawson-street, Baiiarat, was the victim of a srri;us cyc:ing misadventure on SaturdaIy af:aroan. The c'ergyman went cut on his bicycle to visit a _,ir Hawker, one of his parishoners, who live- several miles fronm the city, in the neighbourhood of the water reserves, and the accdent occurred im.mediately after he had left the house on the return journey. The road led down a hill and across a creek, the latter spanned by a nar:'w bridge, ar.d it wou!d appear that on reaching it at a high rate of speed the wheels of the machire skidded, precipi ta1:in the reverend gentleman into the creek. Happily the mishap was ob se:r;ed by _Eo.e chiidre., who brought Mr1 Haker :o the scene in time to save ~is ss.:.rs i1fe. IMr Soper was lying ur.coscions in the water, his bead alore being visible. As soon as his renscue had been e?ected Dr Pinntck was sum mazed, and under h:s care the suEffrer vas brought in to town in the ambulance. He remained in an unconscious c:n. dinaon throuthont the night, suffering from concussion of the brain, but is now reported to be out of danger. TIlnrIA PAr.zEs.--T:e following are the parades for the rmonth of September: \--Nigh: Drills-:5, u3th, o2thand n7th. Half-d -- Th, 4th, a 2st and 2Sth; the :," inn marchinog order. As ET ý . IS.A?h LeAP.- The Gr: smere r-: of the Warrr.ambool Hunt Club on Sa:urday, was enlivened by a se_ :tion:l jump, w;hich is thus referred to by " .Men:or "in the'- Standard ": "A remarkable feat was peformed by Handy Andy, who was ridden by Mr. Murray Dickson. When galloping along the Vale of Grasmere, Handy Andy and Mitten (Dr. .Macknight in the saddle) were runn~ng within a few lengths of each other towards a rasping fence. :Mitten refused when within a few feet of the obstacle, and ran down the fence just as Handy Andy was taking off. The latter then cleared horse, rider and fence, just tamping Dr. Mackcnigbt on the back with his heels. On land:ng Handy Andy came down, throwing Mr. Dickson out of the saddle; for a second it appeared as if the latter was in the danger of being i=jured, but as he scrambled .away his horse trod on his arm. indlicting a bruise only. In describing :his feat, Dr. MIac kn ght states that he was leaning forward at the moment when Handy Andy made :his great leap, otherwise there might have beenn a accident. Similar feats are said to have been performed on the hunt. iag fe:t, bt. on very rare occasions. Go: , News ros HOUSEHOLDERS. By an announcement in cdr business columns, 1Mr. Andrew Kediler has de cided ?n a red::iga is the price of bread. On and after the .s: September bread will be sold by him for 5d, the large loaf. 3S l oF Gw-rs.-We remind our readers of the sale of gifts, which will be held in the Wesleyan schoolroom this evening. The proceedings will open at 7 p.m., and the admission is by silver coin. Facs Ra.:LAY PASSES. - Replying to a question put to the Chancellor of the Exchequer (M.\r. Balfour) bj a labor member of the House of Commons on 3o:h June last, said :-" It would be ex tremely agreeable if they all had free passes over the railways (laughter), but, this booa to members, could not be given by the present Government. (Renewed laughter.) PorT:TrY.-Those desirous of secur. ing good strains of fowls are offered a rare opportunitf of doing so by Mr C. Reed, who advertises eggs of a pure strain of Minorcas and B3rcown Leghorns at the modest sum of 5 per dozen. With eggzs of this class at such a cheap rate, there should not be a common hen to be seen in the yards of Portland, THE TELEGRAPH OPERA.TORS GRIEV ANCEs.-The telegraph operators, who complained recently agaiast Mr Croft, the manager, are dissatisied with the decision of the Deputy Postmaster. General, and have now lodged an appeal against his deceison. They stite that Mr Crofc iailed to answer the charges which they reiterate, The Postmaster. General is considering the matter. PORTLAND SHIRE ELECTION.-Else. where M!r. J. Taylor, the newly elected representative of the South Riding at the Council table, returns thanks to the elec tors for the honor they have conferred on him. THE GARDEN GULLY UNITED MINE. -Over one cwt. of gold was produced by the Garden Gully Umnted mine, Bendigo, during the past week, the cleaning.-up on Saturday giving n,643 oz, from 35o loads the largest return yet obtained from the new reef. The last five weekly returns have aggregated 5,97S oz. from I,4o5 loads, cakes of 1,igo oz., So oz., ,o97 oz., i,24S oz., and r,643 oz- being sent in. From these a sum of ~ I,434 75 has been paid in dividends, and from Satur days gold a further sum of £6,7oo (4.s per share) was carried forward towards the fortnightly distribution next Saturday. P.u~ceLs.-The following was the list of parcels lying at the railway station this morning-T. E. Francis, A. Backius McIlwraith, P. Goldsmith, Findlay, ACTION AGAINST THE TRIAMWAY CO. -In an action brought on .M0onday by a child of John Thomas Rawlings against the tramway company to recover £2000 for injuries sustained, the jury awarded plaintifi o00 damages. A stay of pro ceedings was granted, BICYCLE.--Ir J. W. Pill advertises a new Golden City bicycle for £S cash or terms. TENDERs.-.Elsewhere tenders are in. vited for repairs, painting &c.;, at the Police quarters, Dartmoor. The new Land Bill was introduced in the Legislative Assembly last night. Official returns show that there will be 300ooo acres more under crop in the Tocumwal district thtan last )-ear, Up to now the Mount Bischoff'in Company has paid to its shareholders 1,500,000 in dividends. Latest estimates show the maritime trade of Great Britain to be valued at about £970,000,000 sterling per annum, The Stickler Chief, a vessel trading with Alaska, has been wrecked cff the coast of that country, 40 lives being lost. In this colony the quantity of potatoes loaded for last week was 3865 bags, against 17,475 bags for the corres. ponding week last year. A splendid rainfall of one inch is said to have taken place in the N.S.W. back country, where it was urgently wanted. Shearing is proceeding satisfactorily. The inquest on the body of Henry John Brunston, who was killed in the sewer at Burnley, was opened on Monday and adjourned. Justice Manning, just dead in Sydney, held a record. During his long stay on the Bench he only sentenced one man to death. The Bendigo Electric Light Company have had an offer made them of 9o000 for their plant for an English syndicate. It is likely to be accepted Governcr Macgregor, of New Guinea, is a medical man, and had no diplomatic experience before turning up in New Guinea. There has passed through the Mel bourne Clearing House since the begin ning of the year £87,713.554, against £SS,321,522 for the corresponding period last yeai, or a decrease of £607,96S. An Oamaru (N.Z.) Harbor Board loan of [36,000 has been successfully floated by the National Bank, the amount being over s.bscribed at up o £105o -s 6d. Premiers Forrest, Kingston, Turner and Byrne were all born in the countries they are now running. The politician has a pull on the prophet- he has honour in his own country. A Parliamentary return shows that the total cost of providing Adelaide and suburbs with water has been £,,491,000. The Happy Valley scheme cost nearly o500,000, and the Bettaloo water works Z900,000. Up to the present time 514 appli cations have been received by the Lands Department for the 63 mallee allotments recently thrown open for selection under either a perpetual lease or selector's license or lease near Lake Albacutya. A movement is on foot in Jamaica in favor of the onnexation of the island to the United States. It is contended that the island would benefit by the change. The movement is discouraged by the American Government. Field- Marshal Viscount Wolselcy, commander-in-chief of the army, has issued a general order, in which he in structs the ofcers to inculcate temper ance and morality among :te soldiers under their command. Complimentary telegrams have been exchanged between President Faue and the Czar Nicholas to celebrate the anniversary of the visit of the head of the French Republic to Russia last year. The Police have made a horrible dis covery at Bermondsey. From informa tion received the officers proceed to a meet extract works and seized r3 tons of putrid liver which was evidently to be used in the manufactore of the extract. The Royal yacht Osborne, with the Prince cf Wales on board, is now at Plymouth. The condition of his Rcyal Highness is so much improved that he landed for the purpose of paying a visit to Earl Mount Edgcumbe, whose family seat is on the shores of Plymouth Sound. Some time ago a white seal was cap tured at Bell's Beach, Point Addis, near Geelong, It is rot known, probably, that the white seal is protected by law. The Customs authorities are now looking for the man who captured the seal, and will prosecute him, if they find him. Mark Twain, writing to a friend in Adelaide. says :-" The Spanish- Ameri can war has brought. England and America close together, and to my mind that is the biggest dividend that any war in this world has ever paid. If this feeling is ever to grow cold again I do not wish to live to see it." Patrick Gittings, 70 years of age, an ex.member of the police force, has been sent to gaol for failing to obey an order of the court to pay for the maintenance of his wife. The arrears amounted to [229. The order of the court is that Gittings remains in gaol until the money is paid. Mr E. Mackeret, of Avoca, who has been exporting wine to England, has received a high'y complimentary letter from a home firm,'who report all the wine sold, and conclude an order by saying, " Keep on shipping until you get our cable ' stop,' but we hope net to require to send cablegrams of that sort." West Australia and South Australia are still on the down grade in the matter of receipts-from Customs and excise duties. During July bouth Australia showed a decrease of £11,274, and West Aus tralia a decrease of £14,346. Queens land had a net decrease of nearly [4,000 but Victoria and New South Wales had gratifying increases of £S8,ooo and £6,000 respectively. South Australia and West Australia have been showing decreases for some months past. Cress's well-know r.senagerie has been destroyed by fire in London. The flames gained an ascendancy so rapidly that it was found impossible to rescue the majority of the animals, of which there was a large and valuable collection. Eighty animals were burnt to death, in cluding four lions, three tigers, and five leopards, besides a number of bears, pumas, hyenas, and snakes. The screams of the wild beasts were terrible, and the disaster caused intense excite maent in the neighbourhood. 