. : A SENSATIONAL STORY. "WAS HE THE DUKE OF PORT- .T.ANm o THE WEALTHY UPHOLSTERERS DISGUISE.' 13 XT H A V AG ANT IlEVELATIONS I'ROMISKD. (FROM OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.) LONDON, March 18. — In a vault In Higbffato Domotery lies a coflln, and In that coflln rest, or aro supposed to rest, llie mortal remains of Tho mas Chas. Druco, a wealthy upholsterer of Balcer- strect. But the silence of the grave Is to be broken, and the tomb Is to yield up its dead at the bidding of the Consistory Court of Lon don. Thomas Charles Druco is dead now, but 'was he dead when ho was buried? The decease of this remarkable individual Is shrouded in mys tery, and wo aro promised by his daughter-in- law revolations of such an extravagant nature as far surpass the most whimsical imaginations of ingenious novelists. Mrs. Druco declares that that coflln contains not the skeleton of her father- in-law, but a stono or a lump of lead, and that that gentleman was walking about In the flesh forsomo time after he was supposed to be sleep ing his last sleep in the family vault, and was seen by pcoplo who had been in his service, and who for a timo lost tholr mental balance through fright at tho sight of his supposed ghost. This story is, indeed, an extraordinary one, but sim plicity itself to tho further allegations that Mrs. Druco makes. Last week Dr. Tristram, the Chancellor of the Dieccso of London, sitting in the Consistory Court at St. Paul's Cathedral, granted Mrs. Anna Maria Druce, a widow, a facility, authorising the open ing of a family vault in Highgato Cemetery, and the temporary removal of tho two uppermost cofllns in tho vault for tho purpose of ascertaining whether tho third and lowest coffin, which had been placed there in December, 1804, purporting by the death and burial certificates to contain tho body of Thomas Charles Druce, really con tained any body at all. The two uppermost cofllns contain tho bodies of Walter Thomas Druce, the sou of Thomas Charles, about whoso death and burial In tho vault in 1880 there is no dispute, and of Mrs. Anno Druce, the wife of Thomas Charles, who undeniably married him in 1S51, under tho name of Annie May, and who died and was burled in In support of her application, tho living Mrs. Druco showed that- sho and her son, Sidney George, who is in Australia, and has' just attained .Iris majority, had au interest In tho estate of Thomas Charles, and desired tho examination of tho gravo to corro borate a claim which sho intended making in another court. Mrs. Druce's story in tho court was that Thomas Charted Drucc was proprietor of tho Baker-street baznar, and a resident of Hcndon. Ills coffin was interred in IStH on a cortiftcato of death, which described him as 70 and as having died of abscesses, gangrene, and exhaustion, but which was not signed by a medi cal". man. I-iis death was notified to the burial registry by his eldest son, Herbert Druce, who said ho was presout at the death. It is between Herbert and Georgo that the coming contest will be, as to which of tho two is the dead man's lielr-at-law. Gcorgo's mother alleges that Her bert, though tho son of Thomas Charles and Annie May, was boru before they irexc married, and thereby hangs a sensational tale. This much is certain, that Herbert originally claimed as heir- at-law, and was registered as owner of the grave by the cemetery company, but that when Georgo attained his majority, Herbert's solicitors agreed to his namo being expunged and George's being entered instead as owner. Mrs. Druce further stalled that she was informed that Thomas Charles, on tho day on which he was supposed to U'tliu UltAl 11U4 Ut I Aiw UUUcL- Ut X1LUV4UU IU U.N UCUttl health, and that about the same time a servant in his employment was Instructed to remove the lead from tho roof and take it into the house. With this lead sho supposed her father-in-law's coflln had been weighted, and she further affirm ed that when tbo vault was opened for the burial of his wife in 1SD3, it was found that the son's coflln, placed thero in 1SS0, had dropped a dis tance equal to the space that would bo occupied by tho lower coffin, and that, in consequence, just before the burial of Mrs. Annie Druce? tbe coffins al ready in the grave were hermetically closed down by a stone slab. Mrs. Druce believed tbat Thomas Charles did not die until 1883, but con tinued his existence as a Dr. Harmer, a luuatlc patient in Dr. Forbes Winslow's asylum, and she said that she had seen him at Maidenhead with an. attendant named New from this asylum so late as 1S74. Dr. Forbes Winslow Identified a photgraph of Thomas Charles, as tho picture of Dr. Ilarmer, who was in his asylum in 1S77. and "called himself a homoeopath, and danced like a bear." This Dr. Harmer, while with him, had an attendant named New, and 12 mouth j afterwards left the asylum only improved, not cured, with New still in charge of him, and died about 18S3. Mrs. Druce's husband had told her that there was a mystery in the family, aud his mother was very reticent about Thomas Charles' death. Mrs. Druce, it appears, has been on the scent for some time, and has been agitating for years to have the vault opened. The superin tendent of the cemetery states that she offered him £50 to do It. Up to this point the story was sufficiently sen sational, and there was just enough probability and there were just sufficient facts ill support of it to make it credible, but when once Mrs. Druce became the prey of the interviewers, the sensation became trebled, as did the personality of this klnil of Jekyll and Hyde. Dr. Harmer was not Harmer, but Druce, who had been In terned in an asylum under another name— a not infrequent practice, according to Dr. Winslow. But, furthermore, Druco was not Druco, the pro prietor of the Baker-street bazaar, but the fifth Duke of Portland in disguise, and his eccentricity and remorse for his brother's death led him, strangely enough, to choose a Balcer-street fur- nituro shop as a hiding- place, and tho role of its.. proprietor aa his incognito. This was the weird story that Mrs. Druce told last Saturday to a newspaper interviewer. "The marriage which took place on October 30, 1851, at Now Windsor, Berkshire, between my late husband's father arid mother, and in which their names are recorded as Thomas Charles Druco and Annie May, spinster, was in reality between the Mar- qufs of Titchfleld, afterwards the fifth Dulco of Portland, and the illegitimate daughter of tho fifth Earl of Berkeley. These two had lived together for many years, and the circumstances which led to their intimacy and to the subse quent double life of my husband's father aro of a most remarkable character, and also servo to throw a very strong light upon what have always been regarded as the extraordinary eccentricities of the fifth Duke. The latter and his brother, Lord George Bentlnck, were both in love with the same woman, but while the youngcr's suit received the approbation of their father, the lat ter not only discouraged the doeire of his eldest son, hut treated him with insult. On September 21, 1848, Lord George was found dead near Wel- beck Abbey; It was stated from a spasm of the heart. From that time my husband's father suffered the keenest remorse and the most abject fear. Nearly always in a state of terror, he took various courses for his protection, and, adopting the namo of Thomas Charles Druce, transferred to himself as Druco immense property from him self as Duke of Portland. You know quite well the manner in which he undermined Welbcck Abbey with subterranean apartments; he did precisely the same thing with the Baker-street bazaur, his desire in each case being that lie might have always ready a place of refuge. But, realising the risk of ex posure to which ho was subjecting himself by his double existence, he determined to end his life as Drucc, and for that purpose caused a coffin to be burled with his supposed remains. Even after this, however, tho fifth Duke's fears were not quieted, and at laBt he determined to assume madness. Taking the uame of Harmer, and conducting himself in the most extravagant manner, he caused himself to be placed under the carc of Dr. Forbes Winslow, and succeeded tn entirely convincing that gentleman of his madness, but after about a year of incarceration he was then permitted to leave. As to why my husband's father and mother did not marry for so long. It is impossible to say accurately, but probably the desire to conceal the facts sur rounding the lady's birth had a great deal to do with It, the circumstances In licr case being also of an extraordinary character. The fifth Earl of Berkeley married his wife — a Miss Cole — in 1785, and then many years later had to go through the same ceremony again, for the House of Lords, in 1811, declared the first union illegal, my hus band's mother being born before that date. I myself was a MJss Butler, and my father, being agent for Lord Pembroke, the latter acted for a time as my guardian. It was through going to the same school as my husband's sister that I first met him." Sidney George Druce, therefore, Is, she states, the real heir to the dukedom, and Ids mother declares that he bears an extraordinary likeness to several members of the Bentlnck family, and that her youngest daughter suffers in a lesser degree from the same skin disease that affected the fifth Duke. Meanwhile, difficulties have arisen that will eaiir.e the postponement of the opening of the vault. The cemetery company apparently re quire tho written consent of the owner of the vault, Sidney George, who is, according to Mrs. Druce, resident in New South Wales. One would imagine that all concerned would have been glad to have the question of Druce, Duke, or doctor settled once and for all, but the solicitors of the surviving executor of Thomas Clfnrlcs Druco have entered a caveat forbidding the disinter ment. AN APPEAL PROBABLE. LONDON, March 25. — The mystery of the Dru- ces vault in Highgate Cemetery remains unsolved. A man with tho ordinary tools of a general la borer could put an end to doubts in a couple of toura. But there are a number of people without tools to be dealt with first, and they in crease In number as the days roM by. An appeal to the High Court of Justice is now probable under tiho following circumstances: — Mrs. Druce, alleging tbat thero is no body in the coffin at I-Iighgate, convinced tho Chancellor of tho diocese, in open court, that It is a matter which ought to be determined, and lie granted a faculty. Other interested parties applied to the Chancellor to Qjold his decree in abeyance. The Chancellor granted them a specific period in which to place 'their opposition before him. They have now applied for an extension of that period, so that they may invoke tho powers of the High Court to keep I'ho grave undir-'.urbed, by ruling that the Chancellor has no jurisdiction and, there fore, no authority to permit tho search of tbo grave. The implication for further time was made on behalf of Mr. Young, the Mirviving executor of Mr. Druce's will, Mr. Herbert Drucc, son of fho deceased, Mrs. Grant, a daughter, and the child ren of Mr. Louis Druce, a son, and Dr. Tristram, tbc Chancellor, directed that the application be made In his court at tho next sluing, which will not tako place for some Utile time yet. If the case pets into the High .Court tho grave will probably retain its secrets (if any) till ihe next century dawns. Why rhould there be such serious opposition to Mrs. Druce's attempt to ascertain the contents of tho coffin? The oWcetion of the average Britisher to have the remains of hi3 forbears disturbed scarcely suffi ces as an explanation of expensive legal proceed ings in the High Courts of Justice. 