: THT MYSTERIES OF MODERN '' ;';:v "';'? MAGIC.' 'v';'/. --V. Far baok?;in the shadowy past,: before? too bnUdirigof the .pyramids;' inagio was. a re puted ait in Egypt, for Egypt? was the 'cradle of magic.' . The xriagioians of Eirvnt. according to the Bible bhroniole, contended againBt Aaron,: at toe court of Pharoah. The Hebrew prophet, 'cast down his rod before. Pharoah and betore his servants, and , it became a .serpent. , Then. Pharoah also, : called .the., wise nien and toe Borcerers : now , the mabians of /Egypt, they also' did in like/ manner with their enchantments.. ! For they oast down every., man his ;rod and they . be came serpents but Aaron's rod' swallbwbd ' up their rods.' /. . / I ; The latq Robert Heller, prbstidigatenr, r teaveller in toe Orient, /and soieritisti once told the/ writer, that he -had. seen this feat performed in Cairomany times by toe Der "vishes. . The rods -actually 'were eerpents and were hypnotised to such an extent as to. become .perfectly Btiff ' and , , rigid. ! /!Wheri/ thrown upon the earth and reoailed to life ; by. stmdry inystib /pMses and strokes, they erawled away " alive and hideous as eyer. Said Hellar.:— r' It wasin . the open air that I saw. to«s;iatrange feat performed. Trans-.. ferred to the 'gloomy .andionce-chamber of sonie old palace, where the high roof is sup ported by ponderon's "stone columns painted /with hieroglyphics, . where rows of black I marble , sphinxes stare at ./you with uri- ; fathomable' eves! where the 'mise eri scene is I? aworlrispng— this, tariqk of the rods turning I; into serpunts .becomes, doubly impressive, .tod' I ; indeed, to the uninitiated, a tine iniraqlo.' . , I . In the British' Moseum . is an Egyptian. I papyrus, whioh contains an aocotrnt of a. I magical seance given bya certain Tohatoha- ' I em-ankh before King Khufu, n.o. 3756i In I: this mimuscript it is stated of the magician :> J. — ' He knoweth how to- bind on a head I which hathibeen cat off, he bnowoth how to: ; make a lion follow him aa if led '.by a rope, ; arid he know/eth the number: of the: stars, of ? the house; (constellation) of Troth.'' The? II decapitation trick? is thns no new thing; . ; while toe experiment pOTformed with the lion ' — pretumahly a hypnotic: feat —perhaps; ; shows , hypnotism to be old. ' .rhe;art of natnral magib; then; date® back - . to the. remotest periods of antiquity. It was ?an art cultivated by. the Egyptian, Chaldean;:. ; Jewish,.; Roman,, and: Grecian priesthoods, ' bdng used by them to influence the ignorant : f/masste- "Weeping, and /bleeding statues r temple doors that flew open with tohnderons: | ; sound and apparently- by supernatural means, i; and perpetoal.lampB; that flaiinad. forever in the,;tombs of. .'.holy . men,: were- soirie of toe \- toaumaturgio ; feats of- ; the Pagan.'priestfli ' Heron, a Greek meehanician and matheiria-- , tician, . .who lived, .in . the second, : qentqiy. - before : our era, : yrrbte- several mterestiiig"' : treatises, on automata tod magical applitoces.' : used; in; the .ariciqnt temples. ? St. Hippnly. tu'p, one of . the Fathers of" the early Ghrjsfian: ' Chnroh, also deBoribed and exposed- invTjisf ; works many of these wonders. ; ; ; .vi. / ,' Magic.' is . divided, acccrding to void writer0 on the occult, into .'White magio, Blaok magic,' and 'Necromancy.' Modern magic,, or/ conjuring, may be divided into j five oiasses, as follows:— i . .. . 1\. Feats of Dexterity. The hands arid tongue being the only means us<>d for the Iproduotion of these illusions. /; / ' 2. Experiments in Natural Magic. Ex pedients derived from : the ? sciences, and which are. worked in . combination with feats/ of dexterity, too. combined result constituting 'conjuring tricks.' i 3. Mental ConjcriDg. A control acquired ever tho will of toe spectator ; secret thought read by an ingenious system of diagnosis, and sometimes compelled to take a particular direotion by certain artifices. i4. Protended Mesmerism. Imitations of ' mesmeric phenomena, second sight, clair voyance; divination, trance, catalepsy. . -S.-Medinmship; 1 Spiritism or pretended evocation of spirits, table-turning, rapping and writing, mysterious cabinets, ,eto.; In the Riddle /Ages magio was greatly in vogue, and we read stfcange stories of ghosts, goblins, and gnomes in the literatnre of that period." : Sbrivelled old women were burned at the stake for the , crime of witohoraft, monks. in , their gloomy, cells, wrestled with Satan andthe pqwera of darkness, and grimy .', alchemists toiled day and night ovey the red fires of their furnaces, seeking in vain for the taliomanio philosopher's stone and woucirons elixir of life. With the aid of the concave mirror,; magioians of the period were able to produce .yery fair ghost illusions to gull a susceptible publio. . Behv6nuto Celltei chronicles one in his. fascinating autobio graphy ; /?./.,.: '/ '/: ? Cetoni, as guildessjis a ohild in matters of soienpe, desiring to study sorcery, applied : . te//a dribbler 'in. the 'Occult art.1 Orie dark imghp; they repaired tb: toe'rriins o'f the 061 at Roqio ; the monk desoribed a oirrile on the; ground and. placed himself and/ the great goldsmith witnln its mystiqi putlines ; a fire ; wm built, 1 intoxicating perfumes /bast on it, I ..tod soon animpeneteablri sirioke arose. The man of the cowl then wtoed his wand in the aif. pronounced Sundry cabalistic words, /and legions of demons/were Been dancing, in .the air, to the great terror of Cellini. The stery of this ' Spirit seance reads ; like rin Arribten tale, but it is easily 'explainrible. Thri jlriest I had a .brother confederate cpriceaied ,/airiorig toe ruins, who man ipulate d- ri poncriy e inir I ror, by means of whioh painted imrigbs were I thrown upon. the steoke., ' Later; on, Nostra I damns conjured ,up the vision of the; fritiue I Hirisf of Frtooe for: thebeneflfc /of toe lovely ?! Marie deMediois. This illusion was acppm- j fished by the aid of inirrors adroitly secreted amid, hanging draperies/ / . ' 1 