Haitian Peculiarities- When a fire breaks out in the town, almost all the stores close, the troops stand under arms, and few except the firemen and the people near the place of conflagration venture out into the street, the reason being that moat revolutionary movements are started in this manner. While fire draws the attention to some remote part of Port au Princp, the 'conspirators,' as they are always called, attempt to storm the arsenal and the prison, liberatiug and arming its inmates. Many a dangetous criminal owes his liberty to an incident of this nature. Another peculiar feature of the constant excitement is the so- called couru —derived from- courir, the French word for ruQ—when everybody in the street starts to ran. I remember well__on that happened in Port au Prince, the capital, about five years ago, when the situation was comparatively quiet. Two jonng men quarrelled about a woman, met near the market place, drew their revolvers and fired at each other. This caused a panic in the market halls; everybody commenced to ran in order to get home. Nobody knew what had happened ; nobody knew what was going to happen : those who had not heard tbe shits, seeing the others take to their heels, also ran for tbe shelter of their homes. The stores closed; strong detachm.-nts of troops patrolled the streets, beaded by the Chief of Police, the commanders of the port, the town, and the ' Arondissement,' and finally the President himself, beiag in doubt as to the outcome oi the affair, left the palaci and rode through tbe streets at the head of about two hundred and fifty cavalry, with their carbines on the thigh and thoir fingers on the trigger, who were followed by a battalion of infantry. Only one man of tbe party besides the officers was without a rifle : he carried on his head a soapbox full of cartridges. All this had been caused by a few shots exchanged between two men ! They were promptly arrested, but the majority of people did rot known until the next morning why they ' ran.' It is indeed quite natural that they should look for shelter at such a time ; for justice (and sometimes injustice), always summarily dispensed, is particularly high-handed at the time of a couru. A similar march which President Hippolyte made through the streets at the head of hi* troops to quell the May insurrection of 1891, cost a good many lives. However, had the revolution been allowed to spread, thousands of Haitians might have fallen. Suspicious.—' Of course,' said the mildmannered man -to the farmer, ' if you insist that those eggs I bought last from you were new laid, tbere is nothing more to be said on that point. But are you sure that the hen hasn't taken up with the rage for the antique ?' No Hankering.—Mrs Feedem : ' You probably have a good old father and mother somewhere. Wouldn't you like to see them again before you die ? Wandering Ferguson : ' No, lady. I don't mind se c in' snakes, rats monkeys, and purple bulldogs occasionally, but I draws de line on ghosts.' Editor.—' Your story seems to be fairly goo J, but I'm afiaid we can't use it, because, as an author, you are unknown ; you have no name, as it were.' Author—' The name affixed to the story is a nom de plume. My real nams is quite well known—in fact, it H a household word wherever the English language is spoken,' Editor—'I adeed! And what is it, pray V Author—' John Smith.' Not Yet Sentenced.— 4 1 thought the verdiet of the jury in his case was guilty.' ' It was.' ' Then why hasn't he been sentenced?' ' Oh, that was because the judge asked him if there was anything he wished to say before sentence was passed upon him.' ' Well, that's customary, isn't it V ' Oh, yes, it's customary uuoMjuia.i v: ; but uui you see he ne is a Populist, and consequently he is talking yet. 