It is one of the most remarkable features of our modern life that not only does quackery in the medics! profession and the most ignorant em piricism flourish — in fact, we believe the quacks earn larger incomes than the trained men turned out of the Universities — ' ut that all the ridiculous ideas of faith healing, healing by prayer, or by starvation, sitting out in the moon light, or a dozen others that liave been tried and found wanting century after century, should still be persisted in. Gilbert tells us that the average Englishman loves a lord, but he loves better still the pill he purchases from his quack, war ranted to cure all his ailments, and secure for himself an early grave. In these days, when the advice of a thoroughly qualified man can be secured for a small fee, it seems absurd that people should resort to ignorant humbugs, yet they do so by the thousand. What can be more ridiculous, after the frequent exposures that have been made, than to witness the spectacle of people flocking to the so-called Chinese doctors in the metropolis ? Granted that the Chinese have considerable acquaintance with the effect of herbal remedies on the human constitution, yet their acquaintance with chemistry is so slight that their very use of the herbs they compound and prescribe is empirical. They have no knowledge of physiology ; a Chinese could not perform a post-mortem examination if he were >aid a thousand guineas for it, and very little of anatomy ; they are ignorant of the principal vitalising idea of western medical art, the cir culation of the blood, and they have an impres sion, undefined by knowledge, that the heart exists soinewhure above the abdominal viscera. And yet, although their utter ignorance and ineptitude has over and over again been ex posed in the Press, hundreds of gulls will wait sometimes for a month, or six weeks at a time, to consult a so-called Chinese doctor, while legitimate practitioners rust for lack of patiunts. The gullibility of the public in respect to medi cine is marvellous. And it mainly arises from the fact that, unless they seek the information for themselves, they are never taught in the schools the answer to the aphorism, " Man, know thyself." At the present time, and for many months past, thousands of people have daily flocked to a herbal healer living in the small village of Ivanhoe, some seven miles distant from Melbourne. To reach his house, where he practises in the shortest possible time, grounds and guldens have been trampled down, fences and hedges destroyed to such an extent that now the whole adjacent neighborhood bristles with such notices 'as "Trespassers will bo prosecuted," " Caution," " Bowuro," " Snares and shot -guns laid," &c.; Still, the Human tide flows to him, actuated by that sort of frenzy which actuated the people to rush to hear the syren voice of the ghost of Helen of Troy, us described in Rider Haggard's Cleopatra. Tie appears to combine mesmeric or clairvoyant functions with his herbal treatment, and thai he succeeds in many cases is established by his reputation. He makes no distinction of persons, treating ull alike at the same fee, one shilling permitting access to liiin only by tickets numbered in rotation ; in some cases patients have to wait a month or six weoks before they see him, and the same time before they achieve a second audience which, to" a sufferer, we should have imagined, would be somewhat inconvenient. 'Still, their faith is so great that they endure,' "and "hope, and wait, usually un aware of the- fact that, it is not medicines .that cure, ; but, .the recuperative power, of 'Nature, .which, ever seeks to,- repair the' injuries that might VfcT'inllictud, and ' wliich has practically duplicated ail portions of the human organism, so' that if one set is impaired, another may take up the running. Ono of the latest ideas is a re vival of the old doctrino of faith- healing. This has descended to us from the time of the early Christians, probably research would show that it goes even further back, for there are traces of this faith among the earliest of the Sun-worship pers. It was revived during last century by the Pietistic movement in Germany and Scandin avia, when Professor Stall! claimed that lie had roeoived from God prescriptions whicli cured every form of disease ; some of ouroxisting quacks may catch an idea in this. After him came his disciple Riphtor, whose miraculous " Gold-tinc tures," compiled, afi be assorted by the help and suggestion of God, enabled hjtn to leave to his hoirs tin enormous fortune. But wo are loathe at ovon recounting suoh mere episodes of quack ery as these, for they are but a fly spot on the huge mirror of human life. The gulls will be fooled for ever — while the human vultures fatten. Tito grub and motli pests have mado their appearance to .the cast of Echuca and have done soino damage to the crops. J!.-/ 