Thackeray's Onc-nlght 'filiost.' Sf«uy readers of 'TJio. Vlc-tfiiiiaius' Jiiivo wondered timw TJiackui-iiy was able to write so xr.'i|ihic and eon-eel an account of Jiis hero's estvij^ from Port OuQiicsiic and 'Jils journey tliroiijjli |jio wJldei-mssri, no 'llluidkeray Jui-! w-vtr seen the !iia«nl1iccut valley iJiruiijm wJiicli .his /jjilhuut hero lied after lite dai'lnjr osejijie. As ,-i urn tier of fact 1'JniL-ki'ivi.v did not write it mi all. Il-! W'jih lit «. dinner in 'London wil.Ii Anthony TinjIIojjc, Wilklo Collins, and oUiur celebrities. 'Illie Kiiet«« were sIvMliK down to their wine iind rlK,wa, wJhmi 'J'li.ickw.-iy, who (VMM ontoHaliilng (.he compiiny -with lil« M'lt 4Uid Nli'lJre. j4ll*]-1i-ii!i' uliii.iwbil .in/? JiMikhig at .libs wjitcb, exclaimed:— ' -3«iitli-.iiUMi, 1 must leave you, 1 linve ]-iv)inliNi;d die (n-Jirler :r chapter of 'JMie Virginians,' tu-inorrow hiomiImk. :ind I Iliiiven't written a Hue of It yet I luito to go, but 1 intifit ; the jjriulor Is in exorable ; so, wishing you all another inee-Kiip; when I can be longir with you, I bid you Oi good evening.' Tiliurc wus present a minor ntitflior iwnied Kennedy, mild Tilmekway hud illinom reached the door when lie Hilled Jilin buck jukI wild : ' Poitoiw I can write (.he ohnptor for you. W'hat are you goliljf (o diMci'luiiV' Tlhe (treat novelist «comod a llttlo as tonished at tills bold iwoiMwltlon, but he was too ijolite to say wliut ho thought. 'Kennedy, you flie extremely kind, and /,'ladly would I let you write the chapter for wo, for I Jiute to leave a Jolly party In tlhe midst of fun.'J ' 'lMiw don't,' all tlhe company cried. 'Slay with us, aud let Me. Kennedy wrlte It' ' 1 have lialf a mind to let you do it Just for tiie fun of tlie thing. It Ie a chapter, chiefly of description, giving an account of my hero's escape from 'Port Duquesne,' ' If tSiat'e what you are wr IUug about I cam do it, for 1 know every foot of tiie ground.' ' Ail right, then,' said TJiaokeray, re sum'liu; tills scat at tlie tooara. ' Lot me (have It cai'ly to-mowow .morning.' ?Mr. Kennedy withdrew, and, going to Jv!s liome, wrote the fourth chapter of 'the second volume of ' The Virginians' ; and thus :t ihiipneiK-d Hwvt tlie narrative of the uero'e flight wob so accurate as to Ulie topo graphy of the country through mulch lie passed. 