DMj LAWYER THRIFTWELL'S AMBITION. "There is no help for it, Oswald, the old place must go— not that I mind so. much for myself," the girl said, strug gling to restrain her emotion, "but the mow Will be dreadful for father." The tears stood in her large, sympathetic blue eyes. "If only my people had not had such foolish class prejudices, Nora," replied the young man, "and had placed me in commerce, who knows, perhaps I should not have been such a useless adviser? As it is, a straggling barrister, to whom briefs are like the angel's visits of the Pet — few and far between— with a wretched yearly pittance of L300, what can I do? Bah, poverty, believe me, not trade, is the lowering factor in the sum of daily life." "Don't Oswald, talk like that; there is the pride of race, the fact of being a gentleman, which surely is something. "If you think so, Nora, I am content; yet the feeling of my helplessness is very galling." "We must bear our troubles" she re turned. Father has, perhaps, been im provident; but it seems a curse in the family, and for generations the estates have been diminishing, while the style of living and expenditure have known no decrease. My brother objected to breaking the entail on the hall when he was 21, but my father's embarrass ments admitted of no compromise. Mr Thriftwell would not advance money unless the entail was broken. "My mother gave way, but he and my father quarrelled over the matter, and Balph left England to make money, he said, to save the old place from going out of the family. I know my father has never forgiven him, never will hear liis name. I believe my brother has written to Mr Thriftwell. I am sure it was from him father heard that Ralph had disgraced himself by taking a store in California— at least, father insists tliat it is disgracing himself. We have never heard from him; you kuow I was a baby in arms when he left. Yes, it is now close on twenty years ago. "Father at the time borrowed money on mortgage; he always fancied, or tried to fancy, there would be some way of saving to pay off the money, but you know landed property has depre ciated in value, and Mr Thriftwell has given notice of foreclosing. To-day is the last day of the notice. To-morrow Moor Hall will no longer be ours, and we shall have to leave here." Nora Lacy and her lover were talking on the oldfasliioned terrace that ran along in front of the hall. House and gardens had a sadly mournful air of old-time grandeur, which conjured up to the mind's eye visions of a prosper ous past. "I must go in to my father, Oswald; I ought not to have left him so long." When the girl entered the library, where she had left her father pondering over old deeds and settlements, she found that the old man had fallen to sleep from sheer weariness. He started up disturbed as she entered. "Nora," he ejaculated, excitedly, " I have just been dreaming that Ralph had returned to save us; I saw him so distinctly." This was the first time for twenty years Mr Lacy had mentioned his son's name. Who can tell to what extent our lives and characters are influenced by fortui tous circumstances? Had not Mr Thriftwell been brought up under the shadow of Moor Hall, with all the temptations to exorbitant gain which the extravagances of Mr Lacy threw in his way, perhaps his mind, content with his ordinary busi ness avocation, would not gradually have expanded its aims till at last the one-absorbing idea of his existence be came to be himself master of Moor Hgll aud to leave to his son the position of a country gentleman. While Nora and Oswald were talking oil the terrace the old lawyer was bus ily engrossed in going over business papers in his house, which stood in the village at a little distance from the hall gates. This afternoon he had sent out both clerks ou errands which would delay them for some hours, and elAsn the maid-of -all-work had been despatched to the country town on some household business which her master had sudden ly discovered to be imperative. The lawyer was alone in the house where the Thriftwells— as solicitors and agents to the Lucys— had resided for four generations. The house was old, but Mr Thriftwell .1 determined that no property of his should deteriorate in value; he had had it partly rebuilt, and as the ground lay low, he had a low subterranean cellar excavated under the whole place, with ventilators for the circulation of air. The cellar was very low, so low that a man could scarcely crawl along it on all fours. By this improvement he fan cied that, for a time, lie could defy the very rot which seemed inherent to the place, and produced a mouldy, decayiug smell. This afternoon the lawyer re ferred constantly to a time- table, and then, glancing at the clock, opened a cupboard, where a decanter of port and some glasses were arranged on a tray. His hard, determined face showed that even he was at times subject to emo tion. Time passed rapidly, the ambition of his life was at the point of being fulfill ed. Moor Hall — of which iu reality he was the sole mortgagee, though in the actual papers several other names fig ured—would at last be his. Was he iu his excitement going to unlwmd and ac tually drink his own health? Who can tell? for a ring at the office bell caused him quickly to close the cupboard; and as he was alone in the house he had to answer the summous. II. Mr Lacy was not an early riser. His daughter, who slept in the room nest to his, had heard him moving about sev eral times in the night which followed the above narrated incidents, and was pleased when she opened his door, as she was going downstairs the next morning, to notice, that he was sound asleep. This morning would, probably, bring the news that Moor Hall had passed from his to other hands. The servants had a& appearance of respect ful sympathy. Iu a country place there is no secrecy, and Nora felt that her father's misfortunes were everybody's property. The housekeeper, who, with the license of a very old retain er, still almost considered Nora as a child, seemed purposely waiting about for her. "Strange news, Is it not, miss," she commenced. To Nora, thinking of nothing but the change in her father's position, this ad dress appeared cruelly unfeeling. She was passing on with a "Good morning, Mrs Stow," when the old lady continued: "Perhaps, miss, your maid did not tell you the news. We have, in fact, only just heard that Mr Thriftwell was found dead in his bed this morning." The first aunouncemeut was soon sup plemented with further startling intel ligence. A decanter of port wine, about half empty, was discovered, strongly drugged with laudanum, in his office. The inquest, however, proved that the old lawyer had died of apoplexy, and that he had not touched the drugged wine. After his funeral it was proved by his will that he was himself the owner of Moor Hall. The Laeys, father and daughter, left the home of the childhood of both, and Ernest Thriftwell succeed ed to his father's property. The old man, in country parlance, had always been looked upon as a warm man, but his wealth exceeded even his son's expectations. Besides the Moor Hall estate, which had been mortgaged for L12,000, were several other small properties, money in the funds to the tune of over LGOOO, and D12.500 in new Bank of England notes stowed away in the safe. Ernest Thriftwell could now start his role as country gentlemanu under fav orable auspices. He had always been steady; this was one of the hereditary qualities of the Thriftwells, and more over, from inclinatiou or policy, he was proiessedly religious— one of his first acts beiug to present to the church a line new clock as a respectful tribute to his father's memory. In country places holiness and money are the best substitutes for birth, aud Ernest Thriftwell fought hard for popu larity. His father's house remained un tenanted for over a year, and it was not till December of the year following his father's death (it was early in October the old man had died) that the house became again inhabited— a uiau with a small income and a large family taking it. By a strange coincidence Oswald, the barrister, who had now sprung up sev eral rungs of the ladder of fame, and was already being talked of as a rising young barrister, aud was working early and late in the hope of soon being in a position to make Nora Lacy his wife, was slightly related to this newcomer, and, as godfather to one of the chil dren, had promised to eat liis Christ mas dinner in the bouse where formerly Mr Thriftwell had plodded at money making. Oswald was fond of children, aud af ter diuner consented to join in a game of hide-and-seek with the younger members of the family. The house was old and had many outhouses at tached. A daring young scamp of 10 was nowhere to be found. Mr Rowton, I think I know where he is," said a little maiden of 8. " Come with me." She led Oswald through the kitchen to the pantry, where a 'narrow door which could be lifted or lowered, dependent on the ventilation required, led to the ex cavated cellaring. "He is, I think, in there, but don't go in, I am sure there are ghosts." "Ill fetch him out," said Oswald. "I am not afraid of the ghosts," and re gardless of the knees of his nether gar ments the young barrister crept in. He soon regretted the adventure. , Faugh!- How damp and unwholesome the place felt. "But, at "any rate I have you, you young rascal," he exclaimed, as he chanced -ou some obstacle. It was clothes— yes, and bones— and even— Oswald felt inclined to utter a cry. Great Powers! What was it? Rats, alarmed, scampered away, some even passing over the intruder. Oswald felt instinctively in his pocket for his matchbox and struck a light ; the draft almost immediately extin guished the match, but Oswald shrank back horrified. He had caught a dread ful glimpse of what mouths ago had beeu a mau. The children were anxiously gathered at the opening waiting his return, among them the boy, who had been found in the outhouses. Oswald hur ried them off, and having obtained a lantern, returned with their father to complete his investigations. The body was carefully brought from the hiding place and immediate infor mation given to the police. Excitement ran high in that quiet village this Christmas. What could the mystery mean? Little evidence remained to identify the remains. A gold watch with the initials "R.L." was all that was at first discovered; but ou a sub sequent search of the cavern, a card case iu ivory, which had defied the rats' ravages was fouud, containing cards inscribed "Ralph Lacy, San Francisco." Light was coming at last. The clue was followed up. It was found that this Ralph Lacy had left California sud denly alleging family affairs iu Eng land, with a letter of credit on an Eng lish bank for over L12,000. This sum it was proved he had drawn in Bank of England notes. Yes, and subsequent investigations and comparisons flowed these were the very notes found in old Thriftwell's safe after his death. Corroborative evidence showed a stranger had passed through the village on the day of the lawyer's death. Some one even saw him ring at old Thrift- well's door. Medical analysis was able to assert that the dead man had been drugged with laudanum, and evidence in the cel lar showed that after he had beeu drag ged there, probably insensible, a sharp weapon despatched him. Was the old lawyer to be baulked of his great ambition? Had he liews that the son was coming to save his father's home? Had the dream of his life promp ted the old man to lose even his soul rather Than Moor Hall? And did that night the avenging spirit of bis victim claim in return revenge before the fruits of the crime could be enjoyed? The evidence' was considered suffici ent to reinstate old Mr Lacy in his an cestral home. The large fortune he in herited from his son enabled the Lacy's to live as Lacys should at Moor Hall, which had the spur that urged Ralph to exertion and fortune. It is necessary to add that Nora mar ried Oswald Rowton, who is now a Q.C. and whose briefs are no longer marked with two figures only; and that their el dest son proudly bears the name of his dead uucle, Ralph Lacy.— "Spare Mo ments." 