SUMMARY. The Perth policc are uou- busy trying to lassoo a ghost near the Canning Park cemetery. The coal mining dispute at Newcastle lms lieun practically settled, and ou Saturday il was agreed to advance the price to Ks a ton, and the hewing rate lo !ls '2d. Block 16, at liroken Hill, showed a p olit for the last half- year of t4U,20i). Despite the efforts of the Nu«- -Minislry the Cape Assembly has decided to invito tenders from all the world for the mail service with Englaucl. Messrs Garlrell Bros, store in Piesse street, narrowly escaped destruction on Saturday morning. The fire w as discovered early and put out liefore mm:!: damage to the stock had been done. Mr If. N. < Jart. roll will, however, have Lo keep Lo his bed for some days, having been b.nlly burned about the face. • If you want a firsl-class •Summer Suit, stylishly cut and well made, go to F. Whitfield, Hurt-slrc.il. in- The British authorities are willing lo grant lo the Colodial Mints the right lu coin silver and bronze. One of the First drowning eases for the summer occurred «t Claremonl yesterday afternoon; when Lipton Kaufman got beyond his depth. Kaufman had driven hi6 wife and family to some friends there and had then gone for a dip in the sea. Coolgardie is having u baililTs I100111, and on Saturday the municipal chambers were seized by Mr J. L. Sinclair for £28 ISs costs in recent rate cases. The demand satisfied half an hour later. 1 |l'ound that* Bossiter and Co. arc a long way ahead of others for supplies. mwf Whilst practising rescue work in Hobson Ijay on Saturday afternoon Jas. Simpsou, member of the Cerebrus crew, was drowned. Alex. Duncan, employed al Hoskine foundry, Sydney, has been killed through falling 30ft on lo his head. An.alUimpl is being made in Coolgardie to obtain a belter train service between Coolgardie and Kalgoorlic. Tile European commercial men advise Llial Ihe opening of ihe Coolgardie Exhibition should be postponed until June next. The bubonic plague has been successfully stopped at the Institute Vienna, through the experiments of Dr. l'ocli. The Trades and Labor Council lias agreed lo oppose the threatened icduetinu of salaries of the nurses in the Kalgoorlie hospital. Very great interest is being taken in lo night's municipal meeting, and a lively lime is expected for some of the candidates. The police at the Boulder did not find their hands full01 (Saturday iiiglit, as only one resuscitated drunk appeared before tho Bench this morning. The meeting last night in the Workers' Hall was, by some unavoidable cireumstancs, not relieved by the usual musical programme. This was, however, inado up for by a lively discussion on an able paper read by Mr K. Smith on " The Coming Commonwealth—The Workers' <Joal." The bright optimism of the views expressed as lo ihe rise in the workers' status aud to the capability of further improvement were a pleasant relief to the pessimistic views expressed by many. A vote of thanks was accorded Mr Smith for his paper. Next Sunday night a full programme is being arranged. A prominent doctor holds that artificial teeth are an evil in those of advanced years, because they enable such persona to masticate flesh. When the teeth fail naturally it is Nature's design that the individual should subsist on vegetable diet. Paper that is absolutely waterproof has been invented by a Parisian chemist. The process can be carried out after the piper is made, «r during the operation of making il. Paper thus treated will be very valuable fin packing. 1 The inhabitants of Kalgoorlie and the surrounding district are recognising there is no necessity to send their orders to Perth when they can get a first-class stylishly-cut suit at lowest prices from the London and American Tailoring Establishment, Waddirigton Buildings, Hannan-st reet, where the largest assortment of the latest goods are ou hand to Bolect from. No lit no pay being heir motto. 276 