mmm *^ qggnm'i v\ w(^3F'**=^' CHAPTER II.— Contindbd. 'Perhaps the impression was correct, my son, but I do not like to have you cast your life lines at tbe call o£ a stranger.' 'Now. mother, tliat was just the feeling thai, came to me— that I was a stranger to one-half the world.' The mother looked at him with an unusual rouaernoss — 01 course tua sacriltcc Had to come some time. 'Conrad, you are on the threshold of love.' 'Yes, I believe I am. I am old enough, fortune is ours — and a fair name. I am lonely.' 'With your mother?' said Mrs. North, with downcast eyes. 'Yes, even with our queen.' And the son arose and pressed the face of his mother to bis lips. Nor was he satisfied until be had kissed her over and over again. And the mother smoothed the light hair from his brow. The time was soon coming— she knew it was near. 'I am satisBod, she gently said; 'but I do not like to have my son dwell in thought upon a young woman whom he does not even know.' 'Bless you, mother,' replied Conrad, with a ringing laugh which echoed clear to the garret, 'I am not in love with this young lady— it was only a dream which her face put into my mind; it was only the story of a face. No. I am not in lovesooasilyosthatl' There was no smile on the mother's face, but there was a very broad one in her heart. She remembered a story of the past when she went star-gazing with a certain youug Vander Nort— when Boston was quite a suc cessful village. 'Well, my son,' she said, 'we will have to face the danger bravelv, and face our neigh bor's daughters, too. There is Mrs. Scribner — she is well contented and ? ' 'She's too young— not 35 yet,' said the dutitul son. His ancestors had always mar ried in the line of parental direction and 'MOTHER,' SAID THE 6ON ONE DAY AS HE ENTERED THE SITTING-ROOM, 'I HAVE MADE UP MY MIND TO MARRY.' Glial duty, but the vein of old Dutch humor wouid defy parental affection, and age as well. 'There's the lovely Widow Weber ? ' 'Oh, mother, spare the widows.' 'Look out, sir,' she said, cutting him short. 'Mother,' said the son, going over to the window and plucking the leaves from one of her choicest plants, 'I suppose every one has an ideal— my ideal has character.' 'As for instance ? ' 'I do not know. You smilel' 'Yes, Conrad; I smile because you have seen a face — and that will be your standard of character until the moon changes.' And the mother laughed one of her happy little laughs — she loved her boy so. 'I suppose so— I will wait on the moon.' 'Or on some gardener's daughter.' And j ' the little lady threw her arms around him i and looked him in the face proudly. 'I think she is a schoohna'aui, mother. Good night; you will be asleep when I re turn.' He took himself away, and a half hour later passed the very spot where he had seen the face over which he had evidently been day-dreaming. Strange mortals we— all of us. And mother ! Well, she sought her bed at an early hour, said her prayer and slept 'It was a whim ; the first of many, doubt less.' And when upon the trellis, clothed hi green, came the birds in blue and gold with morning song, and the sun shot its yellow beauty through the leaves, the mother rose, wondering why she had slept so well 1 CHAPTER IIL THE MAN WITH A REMAJIKABLE COUGH. OW, Pinnie, we are going to my little home. If you were a young woman in stead of a great awkward boy, you could go to my room and see all my art ist work.' 'Great big, and awkward?' said the slender youth, ' I thought I was not so large.' Hiss Lainont laugh ed heartily as Finnie cast his eyes down upon his loose sleeves, and undertook to 'modulate' his walk to the graceful movement of his companion. But her laugh was hushed to silence as she realized that the boy had never yet had oo casiou to penetrate the depths of a joke. 'We will take a cab,' eaid nelen. 'If it is not too far, Miss Helen, I would like to walk.' 'Oh yes, it is but a mile or two.' 'I am sure it would not be. much to walk that,' mused the youth, looking at the thou sand objects around him with an unconscious interest. The young girl smiled, and her eyes beam ed -as they rested upon the strange boy. She had never seen a person So simple- minded and innocent of the world. She thought to rouse him to something like gaiety by her merry manner and sprightly conversation. It was a failure. His sober eyes sought here in silence, without question. His effort to conform his actions to her own was a trifle painful, but in the matter of merriment be made no attempts. He had soen it in others —the faculty may hare been omitted in his nature. In this walk 'Pinnie told his story, little recking that its single chapter was to prove of profound and tragic interest to Helen Lamont. All that lie could tell was that hla parents had been lost at sea while he was An infant, and that be was saved by being picked from the deck and- tossed into a boat into the midst of sailors, Ho had heard that he was a year old at the time. Where bis infant life bad been passed be never knew. His earliest recollection was of a huge stone building, and of being taken through the streets therefrom by Leon Spuuero. He bad been told many times by S_ganero, when angry, that he bad taken iii.ii from 'an orphan hell when a brat.' Even his name was unknown to him. No one bad ever told him why he was called Pinnie— he had no other name— unless it were Spancro;andSpanero had knocked him down once for using that title on an occasion where a second name seemed desirable. 'And have you never worked anywhere else!' nuked the girl, who had listened to the story with great interest. 'No, because Spaucro always told me about it. Sometimes he speaks to mo kind ly.' 'Told you about what?' asked the young woman. 'About how 'cubs' wore worked to death as soon as possible to make way for new ones.' 'And you believed this?' said Helcu, looking into his face in profound wonder. 'He knocked me down if ho thought I did not believe what he told me.' 'And have you never talked with the other painters during all these years!' asked the astonished girl. 'I beard one of the men say once that Spanoro told bun that I was a little daft once and had uevor recovered. I asked Spanero what he meant by 'daft' afterward, and he flew at me with his knife. So I never asked agaiu.' Helen looked at the boy for a moment and for an instant it occurred to her that possibly he was not of strong mind. But of nil the toilers at the school, she had found this boy the most intelligent within a limited range, and she determined to know mom of him. Then Pinnie recalled her to the topic,. 'Is it not true?' 'What, Pinnie?' 'That men kill boys by working them to death if they bave no parents?' 'No,' said the girl , indignantly. 'Finnie, did you really never have any one to love you?' 'To what?' be asked with a curious look on his face. 'To love you— like your' 'Oh, yes.' he said sadly, 'I think your pictures love me. I slay by thorn after you go at night. ' The girl turned upon him in the street, and a pallor spread over her face — followed by deep crimson flushes, even to her snowy neck. What did this childish talk mean— what iniquity had there been here that this mystery of life should appear in the very heart of a city? 'Piuuio!' 'Yes, Miss Lamont.' But she did not continue. Was it possible, after all, that the boy was of unsound mind? She changed the subject. And so they wnlked and talked until they reached the outskirts of the city. 'Piunie,' shesaid, 'I am doing all the talk ing — do you never chat?' 'No, I think not' 'But I kuow there is a deep thought in you somewhere?' Ho turned his eyes away, and slowly whis pered, 'There may have been once, but I have lost it.' 'No, Pinnie, it is not lost— it is laid aside for all these years, and we will And it.' 'Miss Lamont,' the boy replied with a heavy heart, 'I sometimes think so. Bather the feeling is pro sent when I do not think.' Helen had seen a like expression on his face — once wueu he looked upon a painting, of himself, which she had quicklyputon canvas for amusement. The intellectuality bad been painfully inuguilieJ, but from that picture Piunie had caughtan inspiration. She said nothing to bun. He dropped the hand that be had taken and continued, speaking slowly and carefully: 'There are times when the dream life you have spoken of goes away— and a big door opens wide, and I see that I have lived in prison— and whon I want to go out I — I — dare not.' Still she uttered not a word. She was not sure of her footing in such depths. The dream of life of which she had spoken was made up of pleasant hopes playing hideand seek with the common facts of life. 'Then I dare not — I ? ' He broke off, and began again. 'I dare not step beyond— but I think, some times, very, very hard— of what, I hardly know.' Still Helen kept silence — wise unto the moment. 'I think of those who have seen and talked with the children, and the flowers, and the wood's, which we paint. And I think that perhaps if I had seen the great sea, and ths sbips, and the life you and others tulk of — then I might have thought— is that the sea, Miss Lamont? Is it? That is the seal' He had lifted his eyes— and they rested upon the waters of the bay, in sight of which they had come by the turning of a corner. They stopped. He stood motionless and speechless, and with fixed stare and hands to his eyes, shut out the other world— and gazed upon the realm of waters— unconscious of her presence. Oh, sad awakening I In all the upheavals and overturnings of after life, when the electric impulse aroused fear, love or passion, Helen Lamoiit never felt such a thrilling of profound sympathy, anger, surprise and mystery as at this discovery of human wrong. The facts revealed were still in the shadow — but her soul revolted against the outline— representing the dwarfage of this life. She stood by him for a moment and caught her breath. 'Pinnie, Finnie, my poor boy, what docs it mean ?' she cried. 'It is the sea, tbe great seat' Like the revelations of the lightning in the darkucss was the sudden change from sadness to joy upon his face. 'And why do you say this?' asked Helen, suppressing her own feelings. 'Of course, it is the sea.' But within her breast there dawned a fuller conception of the awful crime against this waxen-faced youth. Pinnie turned his face and plodded on, bent over and thoughtful. He had gazed upon the ocean, and bis soul was filled . as with the realization of a droom. Ho was un conscious of the girl by his side. Sf .e walked on, deeply mystified. At last be spoke to her without lifting his* bead: „ 'And, Miss Lamont, this is the green gross —and this is the country of our paintings?' 'No, Pinuie, this is not the country ; see here are buildings!' /'A few, so far apart,' he muttered, look ing at the residences within the large suburb an lots. 'And there are flowers — not paint ed, are they? I can smell them I' And he loaned over a fence in transport to catch the rich perfume be had never known before I The time had come whon Helen could bear the uncertainty no longer, : She put her white hand on his arm arid Said earnestly.: 'I do not understand you,' Pinnie. Do you mean that you have never seen the sea be fore?' 'I have often heard of it. My life be gan on the sea— it was my birth-place, I suppose.' 'And you have not seen it {or a long time?' 'I never remember to have seen if 'How? And lived in this city for years.' 'I bave lived at the school.' Piuuie r» plied. 'And you have not seen the flowers and the woods!' 'Oh, yes, indeed; I see them every day —you know,' said he, looking at her sur prised. | 'Then why hove you mn toon the sea. 'Oh,' be responded, with wmie hesitation, 'You mean these, tho living trees and flow ers! i— I— have seen the— the painted flowers.' Tho tone and tlio look-out, into the world bo fore him— would hnvc touched n stony hiyirt wiiii pity. To tlie melting heart of Ibelovetj girl, herself battling for life in the open world, it was crushing. She wept. Tbe shadows of ovoning were gathering about them, and no one was near. She had open od the door of a prison house, of tbe oxis- : Uince of which she um unconscious, and still to some extent unbelieving. The reality , was boyond immediate relief. Oh, of man's I sad want— this ivas the most touching she : '.iad ever known or dreamed. It was the ' tnrvation of a soul. , j 'Hiss Lamont,' he said, after her tears ?- am dried. 'I think I kuow something oC ? hy you cry. But jour life must bo happy \ith all these riches I' 'I have no riches, child,' she replied. 'Those are the riches of others,' pointing to ili.- houses and gardens. 'I have nothing but my bauds aud thoughts.' 'Riches,' ho muttered. 'I have seen the woods and flowers and the sea— what are riches. Miss Helou, that others have and we ilo not? Whero are they?' 'I cannot tell you now, Piunie. But all I lieso things t lint you him are not ours.' 'God does nut give them away, Isuppose,' sii id the youug man with tho simplicity of a lit lie child. 'AVTiy, Piunie, you must have read of these things,' exclaimed the girl suddenly. 'No, 1 cannot read.' 'You? You cannot read?' she asked in astonishment. 'No ma'am,' Piunio answered, banging his head. 'You r.over told me this. I would hav* taught you.' 'I was goiug to tell you. Are we near your home, Miss Lainont?'' 'Yes, Fiunie, it is close by.' 'May I not rust here a little? This is a great ways. I did not know tho miles were so long.' Tho boy sat down on the edge of the pave ment, under tho oak tree, which still remain ed of Uie primeval wood, within a few rods of the house whither they were goiug. lie looked again upon the sea and tho woods, over which darkness was slowly gathering. Then up rose the moon, in its full, silvery splendor. The glory of the scone swept over him with nu incomprehensible power. He bail seen its beauty oft before, set round with brirk walls, but now, rising from the water with its sheeny banuer trailing over the broad waters, was a picture for which there was no language within his powers. Hi? was glorified, and spread bis arms over the vista, as if the sublim ity might in some degree escape him. Truly, the grandeur of the universe was poured into his soul, anil all the infinite pos sibilities of a mysterious nature overwhelm ed him. He sank down upon tbe walk, cov ered his face with his bauds aud wept, for what be knew not. In the presence of this new and wonderful revelation to the soul of the youth. Miss Lamont withdrew a distance— and witnessed that of which philosophy can furnish no counterpart— the overpowering sense of tho majesty of God filling a soul for tho first time! But an end must come — and any descent from such bights of contemplation , on the |-art of either the enthralled youth or the silent witness, must be painful. She came to him, touched his arm, and said : ?'Come, it is night; we must go.' He rose mechanically— aud walked by her side as an automaton. He looked neither to the right hand nor the left, but trudged ou. They reached tho gate. As he stood by to let her euterand lead the way, a long hollow cough startled him from reverie. Looking up.ho saw an aged, bout, thin, gray-haired man about to pass. With an unaccountable instinct, which is a part of our better nature, the old man lifted bis eyes to nod a passing recognition — aud immediately brought his shambling feet to a dead halt. Ho riveted a cold, gray, canning pair of stony eyes on the youth, but not a muscle moved on his pallid, yet ashen face. The youth returned the steely stare with the unflinching look of innocence, and ignorance, and wonder. What was the fascination- in those livid features! A sickly faiutuess came over him— he swayed to one side, and would bave fallen had not the old man with sudden energy grasi-ed the youth with unnatural strength. Taking him by both shoulders he gasped, with a hoarse whisper: 'I bave you now!' Helen, who hod gone before to tbe door, shrieked at-tbe sight of this sudden assault, and rushed to the gateway. But the old man had fled, and Pinnie l«y upon the ground. As the apparition took wing's in the gathering gloom, be left as the only legacy of mystery the exclamation: 'My God, it is not a ghost— not a vision!' and a hollow cough echoed back as be passed into tbe gloom. CHAPTER IV. WTLKINS AND THE POET. 'ILKINS was a phil osopher, whose search for tbe 'higher life' was continuous. He was a politician, whose mission it was to purify the uncleanly pool, and whose high est ideal of political reward wasa foreign mission. He possessed that spirit of ceaseless activity which obliged him to be always busy. Aud bad lint. mod. era philosophical Investigation occupied his studious hours, he doubtless would have found solace ill tbe quadrature of the circle, duplication of the cube, or some other miud wrccking theme. But in every channel of bis nature there ran acurreutof oldfashion ed goodness. He might have been 40 years of age at tho time this story makes his aquaintaucc, and the quiet run of his conversation was like the flow of a river broad aud deep— and slow. Wilkins was in love. At a little cottage in the suburbs of Boston he was summoned to meet one of the sweetest and most charm ing little widows that the heart masculine ever warred against, and surrendered to. His summons was of a legal nature, aud bod nothing to do with the profound sentiments of dual unities. The little lady was literary— one of those harmless ones, who can do a little in verso and still sigh for no worlds to conquer. She was so fortunate once as to have one of her compositions accepted by tbatcriticcl 'all- wool quarterly,' which not only published the bright seedling, butspnko well of it— just as if an editor would publish anything he ''DDT,1 SAID HKLBNj 'WILL TOU LET III. READ FOB MY nOARDl'' wouldn't think well of I Nice little, plump little, sweet little Mrs. Jennie Smith was not upset, however, by her success— that is, not completely. For did she not discover that the bald-beaded raven who gathered in tho scented note paper had prepared the motor in certain linos and modified tbe rhyme in others? (TO BE -ONnNU«D.) 