AN ANGEL OF INNOCENCE. CHAPTER LVIII. Eve remained for some few days quiet and secluded at the residence of Sir Mark Bowdleye. She needed rest and seclusion, to enable her to recover the steadiness of mind and firmness of purposo to execute the task which old Mrs "Wo.xen of liopley' had advised hor to attempt". It would have been a strange and uuprolitnble undertaking if she had not been reared in Come Priory, and had not been given to understand— as she had been oven by Sir Mark Bowdleye—that the building itself belonged to her, and therefore she had an undoubted right to enter it, and exniuino whatever might yet bo retained there. It is true that she was a young, fragilo girl, and it may bo urged thut a young, fragilo girl would not dream of attempting such an enterprise as that on which she had loft ltnpley alono and on horseback. Hut young and dolicato girls have pursued, still pursue, and will ngain, some very remarknble projects, against which the hands and eyes of prudent persons would be raised in-tHanp-proral; and which individuals,' 'bslief, would fofuseito credit! ?-„ . ? But where a will involving a large fortune, an unblemished name, and a particularly handsome young man aro tho stakes at issue, she must be" a very young, fragile and woak-minded female who would decline to make something like a "desperate _ effort to obtain them. But then Eve was not framed "or constituted like the ordinary* members of her sex."? Sho* did not resemble them in appearance, in mien, thought, or action. She had been reared seclusion, and had- been disciplined, not with any intention to produeo any such result, to rely solely, on herself for any pleasure she might have an inclination to enjoy, or for tho execution of any purpose which might enter her mind. During her life at Come Priory she had constantly transgressed rules which slio was forbidden to '.break, and had transgressed them wilfully' and secretly. She had never intrusted a living creature uith even the most venial of these faults. They wore all venial indeed, and amounted to nothing, but they served to' show that if she formed a purposo, alio had the resolution to co.mmenee it. and the firmness to carry it out. Her transgressions had;beon con- fined to wandering beyond tho precints allotted to h.pr—thus she had met Adrian; to reading in tho dreary.old library at night ; to the commission of some trilling acts which- Signora Dogaressa had forbidden her to do; or to inflexibly refusing -to execute so mo tasks which she had ' been pe remptorily ordered oven by Sir Merle Adamant. Whatever she had done had emanated . irom a pureiy'iiiiTocennniiurriiinoaeiit obstinacy, innocent .curiosity. Thjre was no arrierepen&ce; —nothing what ever, but the yielding to an impulse which, if she had been informed it was wrong she had no idea wherefore. Sho was \very much in the. same condition of raiud and kuowlodgo now. ? ? She had, it is true, gathered much since she had left Cerno Priory;,but what she had lenrncd had been com municated to her in a similar fashion. She was as innocent on tho night on which she laid her head upon the pillow to slumber under the roof of Sir Mark Bowdleye, as alio was whou sho dwelt a reserved, -thoughtful, silent girl, at Cerue Priory. There was a purpose to pursue, and bo long as the means- to conquer -it wore not absolutely repugnant to her feelings sho did not regard the difficulties. She would havo made her way to Cerue Priory on horseback and alone, if the journey had occupied hor sis months, or more, provided she had not met with molestation. Sho knew of no reason why she should not travel on horseback, and ajone, all over England, if her need -required it. She did not understand that there bo a reason why she should hot accept the hospitality of Sir Mark when in the condition in which ho met with her.? Sho did not comprehend that thero were uiauy things which it would~not be prudent to do, She did not really understand half that ia involved in the word prudence. t 'To the pure all things aro pure was positive, and not comparative, as it related to her. She would not. be" likely t" err, because error itself," in its relations to her tastes, her wishes, her incliuings, her tone of mind,' would bo ropugnant and distasteful-. , to her. Sho had no vitiating pro pensities, no leanings to the allure ments of corrupt pleasures. Sho' hud veiv littlo knowledge indeed <jf the sources of corruption or contamination and she acted under tho incitements of a free, unbiassed mind, which did not pause to reliect before it moved ; aud it always acle 1 correctly, because its springs were as pure, unqualified, and immaculate as human motives can bo. Sho was, indeed an Angel of_ lunocenco in its fairest Innocent, because .sho thought "no" wrong rather than sho knew of-none. Angelic, because all her emotions wero such as wo aro taught aro those: of tho celestial inhabitants of _that sphere where sin entors not. A tow days' seclusion and quietude gavo Sir Mark Bowdleye the oppor tunity of prosecuting curtain enquiries which he had suffered to lie dormant, because lie had been completely de ceived by Ktatoments which had been made to him by Sir Merle Adamant, and by the timo they wero completed, and ontirelj' at his satisfaction.' Eve' expi esse 1 herself ready to share his: pociety. Mutual explanations wore given/ and exchanged bctwo?ii tbem,nnd Eve to- her 'gratification, learned tlint Sir .-'?Mark Bowdlejc, not only was ac quainted with much concerning her family' which sho hud yet to learn, but that he had undertaken the ollice of overlooking the two or throe ser vauta left in charge oE Come Priory since her departure thence, tihd ho jocularly informed her that, if she possessed a wish to wander ouco more over its solitary chambers, ho was iv a position to give her the oppor tunity. : She startled him by, suddenly re quoeliug to bb allowed to tako up her abode within it. This proposition ho attempted to evaded.- but=she per sisted.in it, and kept no pertinaciously to lid- point, that at last ho charges her witq havfng.taken a dislike to him ?4ind his nephew._ 'llus she easily refulod. Shj liked him exceeding!* , , for-he was kind ami good. A noble-hearted, noble-minded, creature, whom it was impossible to know without becoming attached to As for the nephew, Edward Bowdleyo howas very good-looking, vnry lively, very kind- hearted, nnda gentleman in -tho'truo meaning of the word. She could conceive no diatnsto to him ; and as he made himaolE a very "pleasant companion, she could do no other than liko'him up to a certain limit. Although he personally af forded her no inducement to remain .at Apcerne Manor,, ho did not give "lior tho slightest occasion to wieli to loave it. . . J There wore other reasons winch \ drow her to Cerne Priory, with which j ln?r likings for Sir Mark aud .his nephew hsid nothing to do with it. Tlicho blio uiinffeetedly, and without reserve, submitted to Sir Mark, and ho confessed himself influenced by them. ' . " " " ? " He then- told"her that he had not tlie power to graut her. permission, as circumstance then stood, but that he thought ho could procura it For her. "" And ho did. He wrote immediately wlu-t he considered to bo a very ingeniouely concocted note to Sir Morlo Adamant 1 iv which.ho inFormed him that ho had residing with him a young" lady who had formed a curious desire to pass a. week or two at Come Priory. 'She ImH iiotii'cd, ho nald, thnt tho pjni-o seemed to io-'U very ridden and rorlorn, and itH aspect hail i-reated wiihin her broas-t n wish to iiHcertnin what omotiona, what feehnge what fears, a short residence wHhm its walla would create. Hβ received a prompt reply from a ir Morio who euid brielljr that ho.was not surprise'! by the ap plication—indeed ho rniher expected it, and ho had no objection, to acco.le to it.'^.llo-concluded by requesting 'Sii , Marie "to engage other servants, and to~make such provision for tho young lady as her position might seem, tohim to demand. " . \- Sir Mark: Bowdleyo thought thoro wa9" something very etraugo about this answer. Ho wonderod that Sir Melro should say that he was uot surprised by his application ; ho thought he would have been very much surprised. And then ho had remarked, too, .that he rather ex pected it; another point which be wildered tho baronet. How could he possibly have expected it, when it was just about the very last tiling that he, Sir "Murk, wouM have dreamed that even Eve-would, have requested ? However, it was useless to speculate on the subject, for his rair guest, Eve, seemed rather, insatio on the point, and, fnr that matter, so did Sir Merle too. Hβ had, at all events, obtained the noccssnry permission, and he set about at once to have a suito oE rooind prepared for Eve in Corno Priory. 110 was a bustling-busy man in his way. was Sir Mark, ayd. hnd two aponhthegms constantly hi his mnutli. ' Whatever "-was worth doing at all in worth doing well, , was ono, and tho other was,, 'It' you are anxious to have a thing done to your satisfaction do it yourself.' Those two apophthegms operated co well in favour of Eve's design that in a very.briof spaco .of time .-ho found horsolf in hor early home oneo more, inhabiting the satno suite of -apartments which had tjnee. been hers, and with ? the mysterious cabinet containing a'will iv her favour withiu h'T reach. "' Sir Mark ar.d EJward Bowdloyo accompanied her to tho Priory early one inorning, installed her in pos sesriicu, gave her the opportunity of looking over the place cursorily alone, while thoy quitted hor to execute some task, about which they both appeared to possess sctno anxiety, and they promised to return and dine with her. . The truth was, Sir Mark inforiiiod by ono of his keepers that a man, evidently disguised, had been bunging about Apcorno Manos as it he wished to gain un entrance unseen. The keeper had not only observed him in the oaily morning and in tho duHlt", but in the night .time, and he had thrice driven him off the grounds. So good a watch had been since k?pt that the fvllow, whoever he wap, had not been able-to effect his object. This same mnn Jiad been seen jirowliug about Ocruo Priory, ?])par ently with tho eamo purpose; but he had been warned off in such peremp tory terms, and with such menaces, that ho had not since returned. ? Sir Marie did not like this strange circumstances. It was not only unusual, but ho never remembered anythingofthe kind happeningboforo ; ?so he resolved to investigate tho matter and to doTt himself in such a manner that if tho fellow wero lurking any where in tho neighbourhood, ho would discover- him, and compel him to reveal what nefarious object ho had in contemplation. ' For, , said Sir Mark, ' any object which is approached in such asueaking lurcher-like way must bo nefarioua. . After Jio and his nephew had taken their departure, Eve commenced to wander into the rooms iv which <?he 'had passed lill the oarly yeurs of her life. A strange, dull, suddonod feeling oppressed her, as she examined each well-known obji'ct, and reineuiberod ?a tliousand circumstances connected with them. ' . ? -"?."_ So exactly was each thiug in its old place, that sho involuntarily looked 'round forSignoraDogarossa; expecting to boo her, with her grave, face, and bright, largo black eyoa, shaking her head jolomnly in roproval .of some wilful~act of disobedience. J3ut.eho.wae.not there. Yot" ; there was a female- standing I not fur from her—a slim, -pale- faced, pretty gii'l staring at her with widely openod eyes and mouth and,- clasped hands, as .if ehe wero gazing ou a phantom. The young girl was. painfully altored, yot E*o in a moment recog nized hor. features. -' . ; 1 Magdalen !'? sho exclaimed, in n quiet voice, ' have you, too, returned hero? , " ' - A shriek burst from the-girl's .lips, and she ran up to Eve, and fell at her knees, crying, with upraised'hands-T^.^ 'Oh, Miss Eve! bo it you?,f-be_it you ? Biiin'fc you a ghost ?—bain't you dead ? Bo it really really you ?' 'It is indeed me,' exclaimed Eve, in l'uuly, as flic bout over her, and, taking "her arm, made her riso up. '..Of.courso,.you uro surprised/ to eeo me hore, as I am you. What iiiducod you to come to Ourne Priory? Did you come in search of mc ?'. ' No, miRM ; no, no, not that !' exclaimed Magdalen, weeping, in spite of her efforts to restrain, her .team. ' No j though I luinlcd for you ovory whoro I could think or dream of after you loft Lady lanthe, mice. Oh ! it guvo uh sore trouble whon you wont away—sore, sore, sore trouble. I wont about through tho London streets day au' uight j ua' I snug all tho eouga I sang to you when you were so ill alter t'war though poor Mr Clyfforde was killed." Eve ffdt a crimson blush cover her face and nock installter. 'Oh, dear! oh, dear! I thought I should lind you out hy that. But, no ; you never showed face at any window, and nobody ever spoke to mo, except to give mo a halfpenny, or p'lecceman threatening to lock mo up. You uovcr heard ine singing in the street, did you, miss ?' ' No, Magdalen, or T should instantly havo sent for yon,' returned Eve, marvelling at the'girl's meaning, and also at what had mado the poor girl's faco so wan. She was loth to believe that it hnd been occasioned hy her anxiety for her. If not, what then? It Unshed through her mind that thero was one Martin Ilnzelgrovc, or had beon. Was ho dead, and had his death caused Magdalen to look so inexpressibly wretched? She.at once . lelta deeper interest than ever iu.licr and cvon took her hand and pressed it. ' ' " , This little act gave Magdalon's tears afresh impetus, and sho actually Hiibhcd as she hid. her *\£aco tsi\ iiior' hniiilkerchief. s r .- ? ~. t f. " ' ltecover yourself, my poor Mag dalen,' exclaimed Eve, soothingly. * None of us are exempt from severu trials, and it is our diity-to bear-them not only patiently but firmly.' * 'I know that, miss I know that,' returned Magdalen';'?' but I can't help crying liko a baby. 'It relieves mo— I am better for.it. I shall bo . better for it bimeby". 'Now I have found you., miss, I can 'better-bear t'other loss.' ' Martin "!*' muriiiuredEvo, gently. ' Ye-e-es, ini-i-i—uii-ss,' sobbed ' Magdalen. I ' Poor fellow, is he dead, Magdalen P.* she observed, in the same soft under tone. ' To mo, miss,' returned Magdalen, striving to. recover her composure; " to mc, miss, ho be dono. But ho lives miss—lives to go off with some other girl—some luckier girl than I-— hut no better; no, no better. -Ho eaii't say that—he darn't say that— ihough he do, too, he do,' concluded Magdalen, her last words being almost inarticulate, through her choking emotions. ' ? - 'You lmvo quarielled, surely.' observed Evo, scarce knowing-what observation to make, for alio did. not', quito understand what - Magdalen > meant by Martin being alive, and yet dead to her. Thero was no parallel between Magdalen's love affair and" hor own. Sho and her lover wore in the same sphere ; if they agreed to be mnrried, there was nothing to prevent them. How, then, could Martin be dead to her ? Magdalen soon ? enlightened her. She told her that while residing with her as her maid, tho footmen and. others of their -class had declared, ii0..,.01i-o? f;, ho in raptn-rPR ivifli hoi pretty faco; that they had-followed her about, a id hunted her from placo to place, making her offers of marriage aud in overy wny worrying and trotting" her, for she loved Martin, and ho her; therefore she wanted no other lovera.- Siie wished cjmply to bo left to tho, enjoyment of tlie ono ouly love that she cared to possess. But there was ono man named Chettle, who was Colouol Egremont's own man. Eve frowned at that name. - v ' _ This man Chettle, Magdalen snid. had pursued her until he bad terrified her, and she had tlatly and unequi-" vocally rejected him ; but being artl ul and designing, he had found out her parents, and had ascertained a',l there was to be known of her attachment to Martin whom ho had once met accidentally, aud agaiu by appointment. This mau had grossly, wickedly, and infamously belied her to Martin,, and; had induced him to cast hor "off; to say he hated instead of loved hor now, and that he never would, if ho could avoid it—see '??. her more. 'That,is why I be altered- so very much, miss,' she said sorrowfully. ' 1 have eufferod a deal in seeking o'you, miss ; but that be the sore" placo,- miss, that be.the gnawin' at my -.vitals'. ; I. could have borno his death—-I-could have borne out but that ho should think m? bad, base, wicked. You do not, do you, miss P You wilPnot be lieve those stains upou my character?'. 'I do ' not, indeed, [. Magdalen,', returned Eve, speoking with ? rather romarkable emphasis. ' Oh, love— 'real love —true love—can never never be of such au evanescent character. It is not lovo that will give ready croilerico to the word of being in preference to that of the ono loved; Martin never loved you, if heshould not again seek you, declare hi? fault, repent it and beg your for givenets. If ho ever loved you, he ?will do this. ;'? Fear not; ho will Beck you again. But if he does not ap proach-you moro,- bo suro that ho never loved you. Porget him ; he will uot be worthy to be remombered by you.' ?Magdalen nppeared to derive great consolation from thoso few words, aud shs hinted hor belief that Martin had loved her,-uud would come a am. Then she told Eve how sho had loft Loudon only in consequence of the illness of her father, for Lady lanlhe had still retained her sorvices, euro that sho should find her sister again ; and whilo staying with her parents, oho was told that a lady, about to-re main at tho Priory for a short period, would require a maid, nnd bus enme to offer horself, more out of curiosity to sco who was about to occupy Evc'a placo lean to seek a new service. Eve, of course, retained her, and tho girl ovon in a fow hours presented as aspect altered for tho belter. Sir Mark Bowdleye and his nophew dived that day with Eve; but they had met with aa bucvobb id thoir search and they hnd nothing, thoroforo, to communicate to her. | That night Evo resolved to mako an - examination of the room which held the cabinet said to contain tho will to which Lawyer Scarfe attached so much importance. Thnt night Lawyer Si-arfo sent his card up to Ero. It informed hor that ho would wait upon her at ten tho following morning. AVhen the servant returned to acquaint him thnt Eve would sco him he wns gone. She imngined that lie had departed, in the supposition that no answer was neces sary. 1 , ,, at ?'Kht n.a.10 good an entrance into CeZ Prior) .on Ins way to the room n a the cabinet whirl, he had overt?S contained a will giving to Eie Ua ? enormous fortune. ""an That night Carkas, who had followed Grantley down to DorpelBhiro „„. known to him. obtained accens t„ t c Pr.ory by thonid of a servant who knew him well. That night Sir Merle Adamant was in tho P.-iory awaiting H low , „£o were coming. " v "?-.." (ffi oe continued.) 