LITEBATUBJS. Literary Notes. Dipping here and there into vol. V. of the 'Historical Records of New South WaleB' (which ' we acknowledged receipt of last week), the reader finds much that is interesting, even though, the period covered, 1803-5, does not embrace a specially stirring time in the history of the colony. A matter of special interest to be found in this volume is the record of the introduction of the first Spanish sheep by Waterhouse and Kent and their development by Macarthur. In 1803 Cap tain Macarthur requeeted Governor King to send fleeces from his flocks to riir Joseph Banks, then President of the Royal Society, so that expert opinion might be obtained on them. In the early days of the experiment it had been held that sheep would degenerate in the hot climate and grow hair instead of wool. The detailed reports obtained by Banks are given. Of one fleece from a ewe of Spanish breed, imported from the Cape of Good Hope, the expert describes the wool as real Spanish, ' though a little hairy in the flank and a small matter in the forehead. The fleece very good ; -worth when scoured 4a per lb^-if not more.' How the mouths of our sheepbreeders to day must water over that quotation as compared with what their infinitely finer wools realise now. Of the fleece of a one-year-old ram, bred from the ewe, the expert says that it is ' nearly as good as the King's Spanish wool at Oatlands, quite free from hair, and of excellent quality, worth 5s per lb. ; and could the colony produce such kinds of wools, it would be a great acquisition to our manufactory in England.' Of some of the other fleeces, the expert considered that of a ewe imported from Ireland to be very coarse wool, value about Is per lb. in England. The wool of a ewe of Bengal breed he declared ' the hair only fit for the bricklayers to mix amoncst mortar to build their houses with in the colony.' Macarthur added a note to the report to the effect that the wool would have beea considerably longer if the sheep had been shorn a month later, as in the case of some there was only eight months' growth. The two young rams were shorn in January, at the time they were weaned. The expert considered that ' if they could pre serve Nos. 1 and 2 for their breed in the colony, I think they may make a good progress in their breed and wool.' Nob. 1 and 2 were the Spanish ewe and her son, and the result was that New South Wales presently became the new home of the Spanish merino sheep, enormoudly developed since those days. The merino reigned without serious rivalry ever since till the development of the then inconceivable export of fresh mutton to England introduced new factors and new requirements. The fleeces above referred to were sent home in H.M.S. Buffalo, the ship which brought Admiral Sir John Hind marsh, the first Governor of South Australia, out to proclaim that colony in 1836, and was subsequently wrecked on the New Zealand coast. The reports came back in H.M.S. Glatton, whose commander, Captain Colnett, had such a violent difference with Governor King, whom he accused of treating him ' like the captain of a petty coaster.' Lieutenant Stewart, of the Glatton, had caused the Bon of a soldier to bs flogged off the ship for tel ling a middy of the Glatton that he was 'no genueman. xne governor sent Colonel Paterson and another officer on board to inquire iuto the matter, a proceeding Captain Colnett very strongly resented, and a lively corre spondence, which appears in this volume, ensued. The middy in question, one Walpole, is described by Colnett thus : — ' This young gentleman was particularly recommended by Earl St. Vincent, and was the best bred and educated young maa on board, and remarked for civility*md politeness.' The Glatton when she left took more wool home with her (in 1S03), and the specimens on arrival were, says the ' True Briton,' of October 3rd, 1803, deemed superior, in point of softness, and in all other respects equal to the best Spanish wool, and worth here about 6s per lb. ?' The sheep producing it were originally seat from Spain to the Cape of Good Hope, and thence to Port Jackson. Captain Macarthur, who had de voted much attention to improve Mb flock in this colony, has now about 4000 sheep, with Spanish rams. He calculates that with proper care the number will double itself every two years and a half, and that in 20 years his stock will be so much increased as to produce as much fine wool as is now imported from Spain aud other coun tries at an annual expense of £1,800,000 sterling. These sheep in question were taken to the Cape by Colonel Gordon, who fell in the attack on that settlement, and were afterwards purchased from his widow by Captain Waterhouse and Lieu tenants Braithwate and Kent, of the Reliance and Supply, at the rate of £4 a head. These gentle men carried them to New South Wales, and it is to them that the colony is indebted for the vast advantage which will probably result to it from the importation.' Mrs. Kearney, of Orange, whose jubilee ode, originally published in the ' Herald,' was after wards issued by Messrs. Angus and Robertson, has had appreciative letters about it from Lady Jersey, Le Galliene, Besant, Lord Carrington, and now from the Queen through her private secretary. Mr. Kipling has stated that he means to do no literary work during his four months' stay in South Africa. That is probably a good intention from a health point of view in the case of a man who has been producing so much really fine work, but there is a certain proverb as to such intentions. Mr. W. P. Reeves, late Minister for Labour and Education in New Zealand, and now its Agent General, is to contribute the volume on his colony to the ' Story of the Empire ' series. Methuen's have published the hitherto sup pressed letters of Napoleon I., which Napoleon III. left out when the bulk of the correspondence was published. They show Napoleon to have been a remorseless monster of ambition, cruelty, and vindictiveness. Me. Henry He&s; has begun the publication of a new literary and dramatic weekly in London, which declines to receive free bookB for review or free tickets' for theatres. Messrs. Gordon and Gotch, the Australian agents, send a batch of new magazines. Some of the most interesting things in the published lives of the 'Chambers ' and history of the firm re- late to their famous journal. Its circulation at one time must have been enormous, and the library of ' Chambers's Miscellanies ' testifies to the wide scope and general interest of the matter which has appeared in the journal. Though ' Chambers ' has been sorely buffeted by its illustrated rivals, it still maintains its knack of getting interesting matter, and has followed the times in having less and less anonymous contri- buttons. Once they predominated. The January number, which is part one of the sixth series suggests these reflections. It contains serials by John Buchan, and James Patey, a short story, ' In Care of the Captain,' by our now well known Sydney sea-story writer, Mr. J. A. Barry, and all sorts of articles from ' Unclaimed For tunes ' to ' Boxing with the Gloves.' If ' Chambers' is a type of the successful old- time magazine miscellany, Pearson's is the most aggressively modern of the modern type of cheap illustrated magazine literature. The January number, with illustrations on nearly every page, is a direct contrast to the old-time journal. With the one the matter is everything, with the other the article is often written for the pictures. In this number in ' The Adventures of Captain Kettle,' Mr. Cutcliffe Hyne tells of pearl poaching ; then there are ' Real Ghost Stories ' which the Sydney artist, Mr. B. E. Minns, illustrates, and all sorts of general stories. 'The Lady's Realm' is another magazine of a type unthought of when ' Chambers ' began its career, and its chief article, ' Marie Corelli and Her Work,' deals with a very modern type of woman. Judging from the pictures which accompany the article, Marie Corelli has a delightfully cosy and artistic home. An article on ' Some Notable Horse- women,' from the Empress of Austria down, will interest horse-loving Australians. 