From the Gap Metropolis Some members of Wilson Barrett's co. are thirsting for the blood of those Press persons who have been writing uncomplimentary pars, about them. Of the picturesque individual, whose "curse " is a fine piece of elocution, a flippant paragraphist asserted that "he looked as though he had always been playing Hamlet's ghost." If he could see himself in the last act of Claudiau, his resemblance to that diaphanous creation might convince him that the horrid newspaper writer is not entirely wrong. Afiss Daisy Balmore, in a lovely pink classic robe, with sandals on her generous feet, was a grateful sight in " Claudian" to perspiring holiday audiences, and suggested ice cream or Mount Cook at sunrise. Several Melb. girls who struck fetching attitudes in "Claudian" had their own admirers in front—friends principally, or former pupils at the same elocution: classes. To the general public, however, they were mere supers of more or less entrancing beauty, particularly less. Just imagine, though, their feelings in the prologue to " Claudian," where they had to serve as sharp contrasts to the beautiful slave Serena (Zillah M'Carthy). The ordinary stage-struck girl wants to go on m:>re be mtiful than the principals themselves, but a cruel fa je and the management designed these for a plain background of slaves, on whom nobody bothered to waste a look. Oiie night last week in the <i.c. there was a surprising number of ladies long since retired from the stage —" ba;k numbsrs," as a horse reporter or a cycle man would say. But all of them looked surprisingly nice, all were well dressed, and not one woman seemed a day older than 25—a few considerably less. The Ddorwyn sisters, Connie and Alice, now Mrs. Dick Stewart and Mrs. Ciias. Hollo way respectively, are only remembered by long experienced theatre goers. In pantomime both sisters were onteinporary with Docy and Maggie Stewart, our Nellie's elder sisters. Mrs. G. B. W. Lewis sat at the other side of the d.c. with her niece, Miss Francis Grahame, a pretty, clever girl with magnificent eyes, a swaet voice, and a singularly fascinating manner. She has had small parts in one or two companies, and gives promise of great things to coma. Another party included Mrs. E. B. Russell (Miss Nellie Greenless), who in her day was a clever danseuse. One of her daughters was in bright red chiffon and silk, with no other color and no ornaments to spoil th<j effect. The other daughter, Belle (Mrs. Jack Parsons) wore white satin and lace. All three are as fair as lilies and have golden hair. Jack Parsons was sandwiched between his wife and sisterin-law, and no one would have thought he had just come out of the doctor's hands, for he looks the picture of health. He is now a prosperous cycle agent, and has also imp >rted some marvellous phonographs containing all the American " march king " Sonsa's latest music. The Austral Silon is still vigorously swept and dusted by the little attendant who is a surprisingly nice good tempared girl in a pssition that would sometimes make an angel want to smash somebody; but members of that so-called literary society are all out of town, and the rooms are one vast desert of art, furniture, pictures, and all the society papers. The Monday teas do not begin until February ; the annual election of office-bearers and committee occurs in March. Not much interest seems to be taken in the new committee ; though, of course, some little excitement is sure to be seen later on. Members and associates regard the committee with a quiet desperation, and will probably allow sitting members and the present office-bearers a walk over. The Governor and Lady Brassey did not stay long at Macedon, and the official flag floated over Government House as usual during the test match, for the whole household regard cricket as a gentlemanly game worth patronising. The vice-regal crowd have unofficially gone to.Sydney, and will stay on board the "Sunbeam." Lord Brassey is economically inclined, and, as Lord Hampden is away from Sydney, the Victorian Governor had to make his own arrangements for board and lodging. Lord and Lady Brassey will visit Jenolan Caves, and thus add to their little list of places visited in Australia. Sir Rupert Clarke went to England so quietly that many of his dearest friends only knew of his flitting through the daily papers. Lady Clarke has the care of " Cliveden " on her mind, and will not feel quite so lonely as when she lived at Toorak, plain Mrs. Rupert Clarke. Lady Madden is expected from England in time to assist Sir John with all the functions the Acting- Governor has to manage. Lady Sargood returns in a few weeks with Sir Frederick Sargood, who has had to cut his holiday short on account of the fire at the firm's Flinders-street warehouse. . The Victorian Artists' Society opened their annual exhibition on Friday. They had sent out hundreds of invitations, and the invited nobly responded in spite of the heat. Owing to financial troubles the society had to turn itself out of doors temporarily, and let the building to the University Conservatorium of Music, and the artists have had to wait for the vacation until they could borrow their own galleries for the exhibition. The din of dozens of pianos under ihe fingers of ambitious students has been hushed for a time, much to the relief of the neighbouring boarding-houses, and though many pictures now on the wall are shrieks no noise happily penetrates to the street. Mr. Tudor Tucker, a pale young man with a lofty forehead and a poetic expression, exhibits one. of his everlasting portraits of a lady—a poster girt in white against a red background. Signor Loureiro has another portrait of his dog, which should be purchased by a dog fancier as an example of a good St. Bernard. Mr. Withers has a purple landscape that was a positive relief to the eye on a hot day. Of other pictures one could only get a glimpse through the terrible crush of queerly dressed women, for the Vic. Artists' Society make a point of making picture inspection difficult on opening day. The lady artists now study figure painting seriously, having got out of their novitiate of still life and flower.painting. But the kverage.woman artist is conventional to a degree, and some of the models as painted must have been either wooden images or dismal anatomical failures. Miss Gregory, Miss D. M. Ellerman, Miss Lilla Beidy, and Mrs. Ralph Ward, however, show good woik. The latter lady has a scene near Heidelberg that is particularly striking. The present silly season, when everybody is out of town, is being utilised by industrious teachers of elocution and dancing, who are flocking to the Princess Theatre, and overflowing d.c, and reserved stalls. One almost expects them to take their note books to jot down the "business" of the stage. It is long since elocution teachers have had such a show of picking up ideas to pass on to their pupils, who recite " drawing-room pieces," and liairow up the feelings or curdle the blood of "At home" audiences. Next winter Melb. society will be inflicted with strange and weird young persons giving imitations of Ellen Terryisms, as at present heard nightly from leading ladies of Wilson Barrett's co. To the scoffer who cannot recite to save her soul alive, it seems that to be like Ellen Terry, one must drawl the first syllable of a word and clip the final one, as if something—a mouse, for instance—had given the speaker a fright. The prospect of all Melb.'s amateur reciters talking in this style is rather horrible, but if. tluy at the same time get rid of their Australian accent, the visit of Zillah M'Carthyand Maud Jefferies'will not have been in vain. J Commander Collins, the Secretary of Defence, has returned to Melbourne in the last French steamer, and on the voyage considerably brushed up his knowledge of the language, as spoken by the officers and stewards. Commander Collins was one of the .first to ride a bicycle after the Brassys decreed that it was a "naice" amusement, and he used to wear a perfectlyfitting brown Norfolk suit. He was one of the Vice- Regal party in the famous musical ride, which was rehearsed, and never came off at Government House. Mrs. Collins also rode a bicycle, sitting, very straight behind high handle-bars and a low saddle, as is the fashion with society people. 