THE, NOVELIST. UNEXPECTED VISITORS. i <-/~vMrs. Grey and Barbara sat in their small drawing-room in a quiet London square A clock ticked placidly on the mantel-piece. It had been a wedding present from Mrs. Grey's grandmother, and the Dresden china shepherdesses that stood in attitudes on either side of the " deal had stared unthinkingly for twenty years at Mrs. Grey, through her young; nationhood and her long widowhood. They had watched Barbara, first around blue-eyed baby, pointing with fat finger and infantile chuckle at the "'party ladies," next in lanky child puzzling over lessons, now a tale I, oval-faced maiden with serious eyes; looking out into a circumscribed world, divided into monotonous hours by the same unsleeping guardians. Nothing had happened during those twenty years except Death the inevitable, and Time had closed that wound with his healing finger. Barbara read aloud her mother's favourite hooks-lives of holy men and women, modern posy travels, occasionally a novel " highly recommended "' by someone whose tastes in such matters was unimpeachable fence Barbara had taken the advice of the young man at the library, and had brought home a modern work of fiction under the impression (from the title that it was of a distinctly religious character. Mother and daughter were 1 more bewildered than shocked at last Mrs. Grey said, with gentle severity, that it was not very nice," and the volume was returned unfinished To-day Barbara was > working at a small pinafore for a Guild to which she had bound herself to furnish three such garments every six months She had been writing, and an open letter lay half a finished on the tiny Chippendale writing a table. There were some hours before poRt and no occasion to hurry. Letters to a certain friend of hers were apt to be left unfinished, then hastily ended with "no more time, it post is going." When one writes very often to the same person, it is difficult to fill four sides of' a sheet of notepaper. Mrs. Grey was knitting an elaborate pattern and counting aloud, otherwise there was no sound save the ticking of the clock. ' Suddenly the door opened, and a ser- rant announced. . "Mrs Buchanan." The visitors' dress rustled, her boots creaked, she kissed Mrs. Grey and Barbara with a smack that might have been heard in the next room. " How are you, dear a I am so glad to find you at home, Arabella. I am only up for the day-dentist, lawyer, new bonnets I have done all three and am fagged to death. How peaceful you both look ! And Barbara is prettier than ever."' "I am sure you want a cup of tea. Ring darling child," said Mrs. Grey. very soothingly, as one would speak to a restive horse. She disapproved of personal remarks, and feared Barbara might become vain. " No food for me, thank you, Arabella. I have just had some chocolate at an ABC. I only want a quiet chat. My garden is looking charming. I have had the house full for some weeks. Now I am alone and you know I cannot abide being alone-it gives me the creeps at once. Old ghosts and forgotten faces haunt me. Dear, dear, Arabella, how pleasant life was twenty years ago ! and how happy we were ! And now we are both left widows! "I am quite alone, t but you have a chick to cheer you." Mrs. Buchanan sighed loudly, the cor- oners of her mouth dropped for an instant then her face brightened again. '" By the way, Arabella, you might as well lend me Barbara for a night. It is a \- lovely afternoon, and I am going straight ( home. Run and pack up, child; you ; need take nothing but a tea- gown." " " But my dear Sophy-" began Mrs. Grey, feebly. I have not finished my work or my letter," said Barbara, looking at the writing-table, with its open sheet of re- proachful whiteness. i "Bring them with you. Now, Arabella, I have set my heart on this. I am quite alone, and it would be a real v charity. I witsend Timmins up with Barbara to-morrow afternoon. My . tulips and daffodils are worth seeing. Come, get your hat and pack up your bag." Barbara's hesitations were overcome, and with a little assistance she gathered a few things together. Mrs. Buchanan tied her bonnet strings and prepared to depart. At the door Barbara turned back. " Oh mother, my letter. Do finish it for me and say where I am going." "Is it to General TayleurF" asked Mrs. Buchanan, impatiently. "If so, it will do him good to go without one of his daily meals. I suppose you write every day, Barbara ? Now, come along." They were downstairs, they were in the cab, and had arrived at Waterloo Station, before Barbara realized that she '. was off. She was afraid of having for i gotten most of her things; but a vague, though satisfactory feeling of doing Something a little unusual stole over her <~~-and quite outweighed the fear. Mrs. Buchanan talked unceasingly all the way, dropped her open purse, containing twenty-six loose coins, in the train, lost her ticket in a bewildering glove-pocket, from whence it had to be disentangled by Barbara and the ticket , collector, and otherwise caused much ' veiled amusement to her fellow-pas fingers. . Finally, the two travellers and the ss" girl's modest luggage were deposited Î" safely in an old brougham, drawn by equally old horses, that started at " - a. slow jog-trot on their six-mile' drive. Barbara's blue eyes rested on the " hedgerows covered with their first leafy veil, on the slender green birch trees among dark fire, on the cherry orchards and their snowy burdens. '*, It was a different world to smoky, black London. Even the spring bravery of the parks looked dingy and tarnished by the side of this pure loveliness. . ?' Behold, I create a new earth," came into Barbara's mind. v "-so they poisoned all the cats," was evidently the end of a long recital from Mrs. Buchanan, of which Barbara, with a start realised that she had heard nothing . At last they had passed the various, houses and places belonging to county notabilities, with a running commentary of biography to each and the village of Walwyn was in sight. There was the square, high shouldered church, the blacksmith's forge burning luridly red, a group of children playing on the green under a huge oak. One little child ran almost under the horses feet, and was ,- lectured shrilly by Mrs. Buchanan from the window, long after it was out of ear- shot. Then the carriage turned in at a white gate and round with a sweep to the front door, which stood hospitably open. the w enter a sun shone brightly on pale wistaria clusters that hung from long branch-arms nailed against the house. f' Run into the drawing-room, child, and have some tea, while I see Timmins W, J must tell her to prepare for an annex T fleeted visitor." Barbara pushed open a door on the left side of the hall. The sun shone in her eyes and dazzled her. Tea stood ready on a low table by the fire, for, in spite of April sun, watershed left a keen feeling in the air. " Well, Aunt Sophy, T know you like K Unexpected visitors;. The-brisk young voice ended abruptly. The owner of this voice stood tall and erect. This girl, shading her blue eyes from the sun with slender fingers, was not in the least like Aunt Sophy. '' I beg your pardon," a young man, who stood by the fireplace, began formally. '. I expected my aunt. Mrs. Buchanan, by this train. I am on a driving tour, and happening to pass Malwyn, I-I thought I would look her up," he concluded rather lamely. For once his readiness of speech seemed to have deserted him. .' Mrs. Buchanan has come by this train ; she brought me with her. I am also here by chance. Mrs. Buchanan and my mother are very old friends, and she packed me up and carried me off from London because she could not bear to be alone." I have been here half an hour ; so it is my duty to play host. Do sit down and, make tea. I am longing for a cup myself, but the dragon who guards the refreshment department refused to bring in the teapot till her mistress returned. Until now I have only had a Barmecide feast of cups and saucers." Barbara glanced shyly at the stranger, but she was accustomed to obey, and she sat down accordingly. There was a good deal of decision about the young man. "Were are you, Barbara ? Have you had some tea ? Is there a good fire ? God bless my soul I who's this ?" An unexpected picture met Mrs. Buchanan's astonished eyes. Barbara sat by. the tea-table, her pretty profile defined against the west window; a tall young man lounged in an easy chair by the fire, tea cup in hand. It was domestic bliss personi- fied. " Charles !" " Oh, there you are, Aunt Sophy ! I had quite given you up. How do you do ? I am so glad to see you." The young man was evidently bent on playing host. " Come and have some tea. Are you very tired after, your day in London ? I am glad to see you again." " Charles Where have you come from You bad, good-for-nothing boy I thought you were safe in Ireland." " Regiment moved to Winchester. Leave. Running away from my creditors. Took you on the way you are always glad to see me, you' know. Sit down and have some tea. Do make yourself at home, Aunt Sophy." " You are worse even than you were, Charles. Barbara, Miss Grey, my dear I am compelled to own that this is my nephew, Captain Sir Charles Adeane. Well, since you are here, we must make the best of it. I will tell Sarah to see about a room for you. Of' course, you stay the night ?" " Of course and I have already persuaded Sarah, if that is the dragon's name, to get my room ready. I- had Mrs. Timmins in to vouch for my respectability, and when she kissed me, Sarah yielded. At first she thought I was a burglar." / Barbara came down to dinner, an old fashioned figure in a soft blue gown draped with point lace, that might have stepped out of one of the frames in the dining-room. Sir Charles did' most of the talking, Mrs. Buchanan laughed boisterously and Barbara was in a new world. She was used to grave voices and quiet smiles. In spite of her bewilderment. Sir Charles quick sight noted with secret satisfaction the flashes of amusement that brightened her soft eyes, and the exquisite flush that deepened on her rounded cheek. When she reached her lavender scented room, and looked from her small high window over the moonlit garden, the horizon seemed to have widened to an infinite distance, the world had grown younger with the spring. ' So Eve may have felt when she had eaten the fatal fruit. Next morning Barbara stood on the terrace in the sunshine before breakfast Beds of stiff tulips stared solemnly at the sun; from the trees in the park came the monotonous note of the cuckoo. A voice behind her made her start "Good morning Miss Grey. Hope you slept well. No ghosts ! That's right. Aunt Sophy won't be down for an hour. I heard her singing in her bath as I passed her door. She always sings in her bath. Come for a turn round the garden. Do you, live in London ?" " Yes, most of the year. Oh, look !" "What is it? Only a cherry tree! , I thought it was a snake, at least." " But, Sir Charles, look up at the blue sky through the branches. HJpch Twig is laden with delicate white flowers, and the bees are humming round-the blossoms. I think it is the loveliest sight in the world." Sir Charles looked more at the speaker than at the cherry tree. Even in the morning sunlight Barbara's" complexion was faultless. She wore a trimly fitting blue gown ; the sun struck golden lights from her brown hair, an audacious zephyr ruffled gently the little curls on her forehead. " " Tell me about yourself." he said abruptly. " Have you many friends in London H Do you go out much ?" " Not very much, We see a good deal of the Tayleur. Oh, I hope mother finished my letter !" "What letter?" " To General Tayleur." " Was it very important of , " Oh, no, not at all it would do just as well if mother finished it. I am engaged to him, yon know at least I am to think about it for six months." Sir Charles whistled gently. This girl, this " child," engaged to be married to a general, and speaking as if it were a matter of no importance whether she or her mother wrote to him ! What a pity ! what a thousand pities ! * "Tell me about your general. No, don't; let us forget him. I am going to occupy your thoughts to-day. What shall we do ? Would you like a drive in my curricle, or row on the river ? Let us imagine for a few hours that you are absolutely free." " You forget that I am going back to London to-day." " And that you are bound to General Tayleur. I beg your pardon, we agreed not to mention his name. I shall escort you back to London, We will go off in a chaise and pair, and Aunt Sophy shall throw slippers after us. For to-day you belong to me. Do you mind At- breakfast Sir Charles inquired carelessly by what train Miss Grey was returning to London, as he was due there in the afternoon, and would be happy to escort her. " By the 3.35."' said his aunt, unsus- piciously. "That is a good thing, Charles. I should have to send Timmins, and she is in a bad temper because the , damp has got into the jam t cupboard. All the strawberry jam has turned into blue mould, sd I positively trembled at having to ask her to go to London."' "I will look after Miss Grey, Aunt Sophy. Leave Mrs. Timmins to cry over the damp jam; it would be a pity to take her away from such a pleasant occupation." Mrs. Buchanan wrote letters in- dustriously all the morning, and the two young people rambled through the fields picking cowslips and lady's smocks, and listening to the nightingale. Sir Charles persisted in planning the details of their somewhat prosaic journey to London, as if it had been an elope- ment of olden days, with Gretna Green as the goal. He looked at Barbara with a strange mixture of pathos and mockery in his handsome brown eyes. Barbara had never been so looked at before. In the rush of new-born feelings that overwhelmed her she really forgot General Salem-, -As the hour fixed for their departure came near Sir Charles price. restlessly in the hall, and at last called " Miss Grey !" in an impatient key. Barbara came running down the stairs hat in hand. "I thought you were never coming," he said imperiously. " I am not used to be kept waiting. Mind, I don't allow it. Where is Sarah? and has she brought your box down ? Why, what the-! "He is driving away !" "There is a carriage coming to the door, I think," said Barbara, who was peeping through a side window, and some one is getting out." "A short, stout, red-faced man, with grey hair," went on Sir Charles, looking over her shoulder : " whom can he be ?" " Oh, Sir Charles, it is General Tay year! He has come down to take me home!" Barbara's voice reached its highest point of quivering dismay. '. The devil ! I beg your pardon, Miss Grey. .... I am not going to be beaten by that old man. Run for your life !" Sir Charles opened a side door hastily as he spoke, Barbara following instinctively. "Now to turn the general's flank." he whispered in a low but exultant voice. " What a muster of strategy is lost in me! Now for it through the stable yard, quick, quick !" The brougham was reached safely; luckily for the strategist, Barbara's box was already in position. Sir Charles shouted instructions to the coachman, and in a moment they were off. " We have really eloped," he said cheerfully, " and under the very nose of my rival." "But General Tayleur will be so angry," said Barbara when it was too late to turn back. Sir Charles chuckled like a schoolboy. " Aunt Sophy will tackle him she likes unexpected visitors and you know you are not really going to scold me for carrying you off in this way." Nor did she ever scold him and it was her mother, who both began and ended the letter which explained to the General that the time of his probation was over, and that Barbara preferred to marry, the captain Chapman's Magazine. ? . 