iOAYS-OF CRIME \- v.- . ?-???- ? ? ? -V . An AXJTOBIOOHAPHY. C'{&6printed from '* The Australasian' ©! pfte 1867 by Special Permission^ . 1 OTAPOJEBtX. . , h . - I''- ' V «SX BXSSR n BIT AMD HX BUSS AO ACT. On arriving at Haidfetone I went to the e* JEtulvBylnn, And remained there till tbe v ^toext moraifcgt ?'? Not ? liking the house ;? much, I removed in^the course of the day -;? to fhe Royal HofceL As I always give the ?rorld a fuU.AOoount of my proceedings ?:/when I am-doing others, itis only fair that I should be equally communicative .*ben I get done myself. I affected Tnluards, and fancied 4%-ud play welL' There vaa a billiard-rooift in the hotel, . shd to it I went on the evening after my ; ;tmval then. TSiere was present a rather stylish-looking person, who intro ?f ioeed himself to me in the course of the' Jught. He told me he was an officer in the (Royal ArtHley, and had recently invented some wonderful rocket, which he gave a .. jriS^haxd name to which I forget. He invited me to play t*ith him f did so,- and iron £5 from him that night, proraia feg to meet him there the next evening. 1 ut I was not to be done in that manner. 1 knew it waa a common practice among aharpers to allow tfie victim to win some thing at first, and as 1 had aome alight Idea that the artillery gentleman's munitions of war were famished chiefly by his wits, I was not going to be plucked ? so innocently as he imagined. I mot him the next night, but declined playing, alleging as a reason that 1 had been suffer ing from a nervous attack all day. The officer seemed by so means disappointed, \- bat entered into oonvematien in the most digagk manner, and finally .proposed to inirodace mo to a young lady to whom he .was paying his addresses. I accorapained him in a cab some two or three miles out of Maidstone, but where I know not, and we alighted at a little cottage, into the parlor of which -we were immediately shown by the servant girl who opened the door. Nobody was there. In a few minutes a young lady, certainly not more than seventeen, made her appearance. I was introduced in the approved fashion — *' Miss Nelson, Mr. Hamilton, — Mr. Hamilton, Miss Nelson.' 1 have never seen Mis* Nelson since that evening, but 1 retain a most lively recollection of her. She wns good-looking,' could sing charmingly, ?«-? had tbe most fascinating manner imaginable. Wine was introduced, aud although 1 drank * only a conple of glasses, it had such an effcct upon mo that I found it im possible to keep my eyes open. Of the after events of that night I can remember fcut little. The next morning I awoko with a most splitting headache, and found myself in my own room in the Royal Hotel. I jum[-ed out of my t-ed and dressed mysolf, and on examining my pockets I found that I had been robbed of all my money oxcept a solitary £10 note, which, being in a separate pocket, had either escaped notice or been charitably left rnu by thetbicf. All thieves are dread ful bud losers. I was no exception to the rule, and I could have cried for very vexa tion. I rang the bell, and asked the waiter how I came home the previous night. He told mc that I was brought to the hotel About one o'clock that morning ; that the gentleman who came with me in the cab said I had finished two bottles of claret, and was senselessly intoxicated ;-that he and the gonUeman had carried me upstairs, and th.it the gentleman gave him half a sovereign, tolling him to undress me abd get mc into bedl Of course I saw in a moment that it was a regular ' diamond -nt -diamond ' affair, and aa talking would Of my loss. ? - ~ - ^ havoaeen the ' military officer' since then. We worked together in chains in the same cart some few years ago, and I only recognizcd him by hia telling the atory of the ** youu-r swell at Maida?one ' for tho especial edification of myself and the other cart parties. Having been bo completely cleaned out, It behoved me to buckle to at once to re plenish ray empty pockets, and as my fends would not admit of any lengthy finessing schemes, 1 was compelled to com mence immediate operations. That very j ith the seal of ancient Strabo, I j zaraelf ootnpletely masterof the geo- I fpapGf of the place, aud before night I not j only knew how all the rooms were situated, ^butbad made myself pretty well acquainted ?with the sort of people by whom they were tenanted. I know well enough that it is qnite common for a well- dressed thief to take apartments in an hotel and 41 barber ' all the imnates ; in other words, to get up in the ni^ht, visit all the rooms, and steal as murh as possible. This, in technical language, is called ' Dancing a lushing drum.' Philosophers define iustinct as ** kno-vlod ^e prior to experience,' and as I certainly at that time was wholly without experience in sach matters, I must have been undtr the guidance of the instinctive faculty. I didn't go to bed that night, but merely lay outside the bod readiug. Tho book wis uf a moral and religious charac ter, but it ia:led to influence me with its ? argument?- By One o'clock the house was eilon?, and oat I glided, like a ghost. I felt a little nervoiis on entering the first rcjoi ; l-ut,~despite the model sys tem, 1 h.'ivo been remarkable for good serves on rainy % trying occasion, and on this firbt estay tn the 44 dancing' line I was soon as cool as a cucumber. It would be dull work telling howl searched the clothe*, uia£e my way to the d rising- table, poski'ied pones, watches, chains, . ~ gold pins, and other articles that would -? . produce 'm-'iioy, and money in any way.' I visitud four ro6m*t aiul then thought ^ . it timo to return to' any own. The next !r , bedroom to that in jrhich I slept was un ? y occupied, and with the pockethandker diinf of a r--otm»irfnaf crentleman whom I \- had eomcwhu extensively fleeced, I tied j all the ^rat.iiice, purses, etc., togethor, j , -entered iV-c «M:ijityTbedrootn, and placed | them sas'cly -if sight on a ledge up tbe I chimnoy, k'.vjtioj out a fow sovereigns for my immediate une. Having doue this in 1 a neat and vrorknianlike manner, I retired ; to bed. 1 At eight o'clock I jumped out of bed, . \- slipped »tt. my tru users, and then rang the ? \- boll violently. A waiter very soon ap- j pcarcd. ' 17.11 the landlord I want him ; fetch ^the police, I have been robbed iu the | IgrOigbt. Ttfo:'.ty.4hree pounds and a pro- | J - iniEsory note fur thirteen, my studs and -. £i' my pockct;!-K'k, ell gone. Who could i ^ b'ave done^i r ; - The waiter didn'i let me go to the end jgit -pt my sentence, forle ran to tho landing ! femnd called out, *J*iBre'e No 7 has been H^ierved the same.' ^....Up came tbe landlord. He said he waa in the extrejne ; he couldn't con Kj^ceive how-the thit^conld have been done. P^STo loss had overmen experienced in his g^Jloose before. He was s^rry, very ^?ohy. The police had been stnt to inves l^tigate the; matter, and he hoped they i l^jwoold succeed -in tracing tbe robber. pMETonr other gontUemen had been robbed l?v*l*o. r^.w, t The in^pecfor^of police came shortly *fterwardi, andzlooked into the rooms, tmder.lhe bdfls, as if he thought the might have- taken a fancy to have a SSiip there# /asked ta variety of questions, ^to6k an inventd^r of the property lost,and g^^lien wefit away shaking his head and g^lpdring remaAablywise. X remained at the hotel a week, gratis, m?r as no funds had arrived for me 1 told landlord I shonld be forced to leave gfVany bill unsettled. Under the circom § iltonow the lapfQprd of c-'urap coold not reasonably demur, and it ttio week's ond ' I left ^Maidstone^and- proceeded by the . coaoh .tp Ohstham.' | I need sttrcely pbserve.. that I. had] daring the week removed the *4 goods and ? ^ftiatt^i ' Eron 'tte ^iiUBbey jedge, *aud ; oon^yed t^M| to' Ohaiha% t^thout 'any j fawfeojuw^Mnopi. -^Misni&on;^llupon i ^he %i militaiy gentleman,*' for although not in the boose on the night in qneation, he was well acquainted with the premises, ahd jus sadden duappearanoe -was nnac oonniaUa, otherwise ^faan by conneciing him with the robbery. Thus was my own ^safety secured, and £ at the asme time gratified^a^oalde grudge^T-ragainst the ! ?world and against my particular antago- ' nist The money result of my night's ] foray amounted to some forty odd pounds ' — just sufficient to keep me going while 1 1 struck out some fresh scheme for victimis ing the world. f CHAPTER XL j A OLIMPfiE OP BRTTER THINGS. The second night I was at Chatham I visited the theatre. A Miss Lee was to make her appearance in the character of Juliet, and a very pretty representative of tho hoose of Capulet she was. X re mcmtSef well with, what energy she vin dicated Romeo in the liues — ' ? He was not born to shame : Upon his brow shame is ashamed to sit *, For 'tis a throne where honor may be crowue.l Sole monarch of the universal earth!' I confcss that 1 felta boyish passion spring up in my boaom for this young girl, and I sat up a great portion uf tbe night com r»ing s-»me complimentary verses to her. called the next day on the manager of tbe thentre, and obtained tho address of the actress. I forwarded the verses by post, intimating that I was but a mere youth, aud should be ^Iad personally to say to Miss Lee how greatly I had been charmed by her acting. 1 rcccivc* a reply the next r.jorrjing, thanking mc for the verses, aud ci»it.iin ing an inritafionto tea for tho ensuing ovening, whioh was a noa-pcrfonuing night. T purchased the handsomest copy of Shakespeare 1 could find in the town, and the next evening duly presented myself at Miss Lee's rosidence. 1 waa roceived very kindly by the young lady's mother, j who informed me that her daughter Ellen ; would not be able to join us until | seven o^clock, having been summoned I unexpectedly by the manager of the | theatre with the view of permanently 1 engaging her. The mother was | a perfect gentlewoman ; Bhe told me i that Miss Leo had from childhood evin | ced a remarkable enthusiasm for the ? stage, but that it was with much reluct* j ance she herself had consented to her daughter's embracing the theatrical pro fession as a means of livelihood. A I little after seven Ellen Lee came home, j and she cordially thankod me for the j verses, declaring, however, that they j were by far too complimentary. I pre sented ber with tho Shakespeare, aud I uttered some uotisenae about recognizing ! in her a genius fit to breathe life into the j beautiful creations of the poet's master I mind. An intimacy sprang up between us — a true and innoceut friendship, which I look back to at this moment with melan choly pleasure. Ellen Leo was only an actress at a small provincial theatre, but ahe was beautiful, talented, end good. She gained upon my hoart evory day, and I soon b*d no secrets (hat were mine alone. She was my confessor, she was my adviser ; and she strove earnestly enough to be 'the good angel of my life, to save me from my own wayward erring self. I u»ed very often to speak to her about the dangers attending hor own pro fession, and 1 remember ou one of these she repliedin Opbelia s words— ?' I shall the cffect of this good lessrm keep, As watchman to my heart ; bat, good to my brother, Do cot. as some ungracious pastors do, Show mc the atcep and thoray way tu heaven, And mis* the path thyself.' The life of guilt is, indeed, a dark, sad | life on which tho sunshine of happiness , nbcIou7I5l''Dfn»bR,JK)m®ni,.8l®T in. its. ourrana(h°fhrim'e fli'g' ' -^P^tdo' o£ our path when u - with its light ; and as flowers of gladness I spring up on our way they are at once blighted by the curse of guilt, which is ever present to the wicked as an interdict to happiness. Thus it was with myself. I might have been very happy in tho societ}' of Ellen Lee and her mother had I btou but inno cent. But being the guilty thing I was, there was always present an invisible hand to dash from my lips each cup of bliss before I could sip its promised sweetuess. And I am sure — let me write as lightly as 1 may — that thus it will ever be. There are phantoms ever on the path of crime which scaro away tbe realities that offer happiness to the heart 1 Yes; in those days Ellen Lee would have made me happy, if my oa*n sins had not made mo wretched. She gave mc a sister's love, and when ihe darkest of all days came, then came Ellen to comfort and as sist. My life has been most guilty ; but still I havo sometimes knelt in prayer to God, , and then I have prayed that Q* who lores i the pure in heart would ever keep Ellen : I Lee happy and g«-od as when she first 1 | wandered with me through the Kentish . I woods near Chatham, listening to ray 1 praises, and bolieving mc to bo as innocent ; as herself. I I passed at least four months at Chat i ham, and aa I lived tolerably frugally, and, : in Elleu's society, had no hoarr for any i new wickedue**, 1 committed no fresh ! crime, but made the money X had pro cured at Maidstone answer all my pur : poaes. I During the period of my intimacy with 1 the Lees I liad told Ellen the story of my !' life, ru-]ucstingher, however, nottodival^o anything connected with my history to her mother. Ellen cried bitterly at tlie , recital of my sufferings and my sins, and j implored me to let -the past be the past, I aod to commence life anew. T often had a desire to do this ; but then that past had ? a power over mc for over. Noi tiicr re I nenMPce nor amendment could irive im munity for deeds committed. However, i while iny money lasted, X did no vio- ; lation to my feelings. I felt how much ! happier one could be following good than \ pursuing evil, and I refrained from obtain- l ing ' money, and money iu any way.' ! But when I had only a pound or two left - in my pocket, I was urged by the devil within ino to renew my warfare upon the world. I bade Ellen and her motliergood bye, telling them that I hoped iu a few weeks to have tho pleasure of being with them ogain. I did see them more than oucc afterwards ; hut the story, as it ad- 1 vancos, will relate where. j 1 loft Chatham with four pounds only reinainiug to begin business anew. The : particular line of business I had not* determined. I had somo of the trinkets [ which I had stolen at the Maidstone , Hotel by me still, aud these I converted into cash. I went to CTeme Bay, and on | the second night of my arrival I '* danced' I the hotel where I was stopping to the tuno 1 of twenty-five pounds, a. small amount, j but sufficient to keep me in cash for tho { time being. I It was whilestsying at Heme Biy that ! I root with an advertisement in the Loudon ' 7*imee which had been inserted by my i father. It morely stated that nothing had { been heard of me since I went to sea, and { that if I was still iu England I waa to j writ* or go home immediately, the sd- 1 dress beinc given. I wrote a letter to my I mother, telling her I could notcome home . ? that I had been a bad boy, that there | was no home for me in the futuro ; that X I should like to have a letter from her, which she could direct to my own name I st the post office, Heme Bay. My mother I accordingly wrote me a long eloquent J letter ; «he seemed as I read the letter, to j be speaking to me again as she used to i epeak to me when t walked by her side I when X was a child. But it was useless. I Tho old deep earnest eloquence vv thoro, but alas 1 the heart to which . it waa ad dressed was changod for ever. My mothor implored me to return home ; she told me they conld send me to tchool again for s oouple of years, ss they were in business and doing well j'and shB felt qnite sore, ahe aud, that X ooold have done nothing very bad, only some boyish wildncss which my own feelings exaggerated. In reply to this communication I wrote a raore explicit letter, ^nd sent my -mothor some verses. The letter, which was a very long one, I cannot romeoiber. Tbe verses have clung to my memory, so X give them : — Mother I darling mother, yon are seeking me I know, And I feel thy love will follow through the world where'er I go ; Bat X cannot come, dear mother; I sm aadly altered now ; Tbe once fair wreath of innocence that gar landed my brow Has faded ne'er to bloom again ; and from the things of yore— Tbe fair, tbe good, the beautiful— I'm severed evermore. My onward way mast be a path of darkness and of pain, But 1 mast tread it all alone — I cannot come again. Of all the changes that have come,I know that this will be. Where all the changes have been ssd, the saddest change to thee. I know bow much-thoalt weep, mother, for thy dear boy so lost. And 'tu tbe sorrow thou most feel that makes me sorrow most, t strove against this darker fate, X straggled, mother, long, 1 starved and s offered months, mother, ere I wss linked to wrong ; And even now good aagela plead to win me —bet iu vain ! Once fallen is for ever lost— 1 cannot come again. I'm severed from tbee by my sin, bat cannot ?ay 'forpet,' Thy love ie such a hallowed thing, 1 ask it even yet; Bat let it be s memory that images all fair The cbUd tbat with uplifted hands in faitb knelt by ihrrhair. Think of me, mother, as I was, when joy Ut up my brow Aud my young heart was innocent, but not as 1 am now. Pray for me. This I know thon'lt do ; but j seek me not, 'tis vain I Td throw a shadow on thy home— 1 cannot come again. Tbey say that in tbe desert drear some green ness may be found, Some oasis in contrast strange to all tbe waste around, And even thus, within my heart, gailt-darkf ened though it be, There is a love all beautiful, tbat lives and clings to tbee. I'm weeping very bitterly, X cannot help thcee tears. They are the tribute memory pays to jojs of fleeted years. I Good-bye 1 God bless thee, mother dear 1 X | sorrow for thy pain. Oh 1 if I were bat innocent, I'd gladly come again. 1 distinctly stated In the letter that it would be utterly useless again writing to me as I was on tbe eve of setting out for a distant part of the country. This was quite true, jor tne next moruiu^ * rev i Bay, and went again to Maidstone. I went | with a aad heart, thinking of all the grief i my mother would sufferon my account. She I httH boen sach a good mother to me ; and i X seemed to see her looking down upon me 1 with her fall loatrous eyes, and fondly j kissing me and pointing to all the beauti ful things so largely scattered bythehaod of God through all the universe— just as she used to do in the olden days when I was her darling boy, in whose future all her hopes and dreams were centred. And what a future tbat has beenl Better, mother, to have seen me laid when I was innocent in some quiet chsrchyard, where in summer evenings yon could have visited the little grave that held my body with full assurance that my spirit had winged its flight to Heaven t What sorrow, wretchedness, and suffer ing have fallen to ray lot my own heart knows only. My outward misery has been great ; bat there has sometimes been an inward torture still more dreadful to en dure. Thou art in Hoaven, my mother 1 and by the increased light of thy angel know then, that X have struggled against tbe evil prompting of my natare ; that I have sorrowed much for the grief that I have occasioned thee ; that at this mo ment tho good voice is pleading within me and the good angel sits watching near my heart. Mother | if spirits above can strengthen the struggling spirits on earth, strengthen thou me, so that the voioe speak not in vain, and the vigil of the an^el be not lost. But alas I what hope of being good have 17 It is likely that years and years ago, in that journey to Maidstone, I felt a transient repentance, a momentary yearning for the good ; that I wept, that I prayed ; and that soon afterwanls I re* signed myself to wickedness, and waa, without compunction, seeking u money, and money in any way.' 'Alas for the in consistency of human nature 1 alas for the wretched weakness ot good Inten tions 1 alas for the worthlessneu dt holy desires disassociated from the persistent' energy which ever labours for their fruition. (To be continued .) 