ACT A POPULI. ,?'.?... ' — '? — ~~^ — : ? By Thb Flaneur. To-day everyone is fairly mad on politics. Nothing is thought or dreamt or written or spoken of bufc politics. Apparently there is nothing worthy of consideration in the heavens above, or the earth be neath, or the waters that are under the earth, ex cept the great electioneering crisis. The result in my case is that I am forced to go abroad in search of some sensible serious subjects to worry over, un til the political craze dies out, and people return to their normal state of reason. ooo Going across the Southern border, I find that even there public thought is sicklied o'er with the pale cast of politics : but some men still hold a fair share of reason, and a deal of humour also. An Australasian scribe, for instance, tells a tale ?which, by merely altering the names to suit the colony, might be aptly told of every Assembly in Australia. This story alleges that in a certain Senate there was a member who, on account of his passionate love for bathing his stomach in 'moun- tain dew,' we will call 'Mr. Barley.' A Radical member was making a flaming speech, denouncing all things in general and nothing at all in particular, when the whisky-worrier woke from a quiet snooze, and said :— ' Oh, shet up ! You're nothing but a blooming Titus Oates.' 'Indeed!' replied the orator. ' Well, it is just possible that I may be looked upon as Titus Oates ; but, thank heaven, I have never been as tight as Barley !' ' Come ou-shide 'n shay it,' hiccupped Barley, but he was smothered for the night in Homeric laughter. r- no The item which commands my most earnest at tention, chiefly for the novel allegation made in the first sentence, is one which had better be told in the writer's own words, and run as follows: — 'Sir 1 Henry Parkes, on account of his education policy, was unpopular with the Catholic electors of New South Wales, and it was alleged that they espoused Protection because Parkes was a Freetrader. This gives point to a little story. A Hibernian orator was speaking fluently on the strength of the Protec tionist cause. 'Protection, Sir,' he said, 'is a policy which must prevail. It is founded upon a rock.' 'You are. quite right — a hhamrock,' was a happy interjection, which put the situation very neatly.' \j w \j There were Kings before Agamemnon, and in like manner I have an idea that there were states men before. Parkes— if it be lawful to call such a shallow schemer as Parkes was a statesman at alb And I have some recollection of having heard that many who could justly lay claim to that title stood up for Protection long before Sir Henry was born ; way back in those far-off days when, accord ing to some cocksure scientists, he would be either a patch of nebulous vapour, or a baby oyster, waiting patiently for the Darwinian process of de velopment. It Geeras to me that I have further heard that the majority of Protectionists are Catho lics simply because they are Irishmen, and know t from bitter experience the ruin which Freetrade has worked in the native industries of their own loved country — industries which were once, by reason oE the splendid work turned out; the admiration of the world. o o o And looking nearer to our Australian home, it is somewhat surprising that if Preetrade is the un mixed blessing which our ' jolly and fat' Premier says it is, he has nothing better to offer the thou sands of unemployed here to-day than scrub-cutting in the Backblocks, The result of a referendum on the rival fiscal policies would be a most valuable object-lesson indeed, but the political issues are bo beautifully mixed just now that it would be impos sible to get such a result from the coming campaign* Thousands of Protestants, and even some Orange men, who have sufficient sense to put business be fore bigotry, are staunch Protectionists also, and of course neither a hatred of Catholicity nor a rever ence for Parkes could have anything to do with their political creed at all. O 0 0 Talking of Orangemen reminds me that the little that is left of the poor, miserable ' Yellow Pup'' dragged itself from its unclean kennel on the inglor ious 'Twelfth,' and leant up against the Town Hall to whine (it couldn't raise a bark) against the Church of Rome. It is a scandalous shame that a building like the Town. Hall should be prostituted by such a rag-tag and bobtail horde ; and the wonder is that no alderman has been spirited enough to point out that as the money of Catholic ratepayers went far to pay for the erection of the Town Hall, it is nothing short of infamous that a semi-savage gang of ignorant nincompoops who haven't enough inter est to even get themselves kicked by a Boyne Water blunderbuss should be allowed to use the building, for the purpose of firing. off their lying abuse at the faith those Catholics so dearly reverence. The City Council certainly wants money very badly just at present, but scarcely so much. as to compel them to make a manure ' tip,' pro tern., of our splendid hall for Orange rubbiBh to be Bhot thereiiit Someone named Wheeler, an alderman from Mudborough, or some other congenial spot, filled the time-payment Chair on this occasion, and amongst the rest of his drool and drivel asserted that ' Cardinal Moran held the Public School Act up to public derision on every possible occasion.' There is no particular reason for anyone to do that, however, for the Act is such a shrieking absurdity in itself that quite a number of Protestant clergy men hold it in as much contempt as their Catholic brethren justly do. ? o o o Not to trouble about anything further, the asinine Act purports to be ' secu'ar, compulsory, and free,' but it has no claim to any one of those titles what ever. The Public School curriculum admits of sufficient religious influence to prevent the Act being secular, to start with. Then it can hardly be ' compulsory' when the streets of Sydney and the suburbs are so infested by begging and thieving children that our daily papers are continually ask ing 'where are the police that . they do not put some check upon this now intolerable nuisance ?' ooo To say that the Act is 'free' is another shriek ing absurdity, for when Parliamentary members have risen and demanded that it should be ' free' in reality as well as in name, that cultured scholar and refined gentleman at the head of the depart ment has strongly protested that ' the thing couldn't be did,' for the school fees collected under this lovely 'free' system totalled £70,000 a year- and were materially helping to prevent the Treasurer from ' going up King-street' altogether There is no need for Cardinal Moran to cover the Public School Act with derision. It was born that way, and it is growing more and more ridiculous day by day. ? o oo Being in a more than ordinary fatuous humour, and excited, perhaps, by the eightpenny tea pro vided, Brother Wheeler also tired off the awful threat that ' if Catholics do not send their children to Public schools, they (the Orange 'push') will rise as one man {is there one man among the lot ?) and demand that the State schools must be flooded by Catholic teachers.' If Brother Wheeler had as much sense as' even a ginger-bread rabbit, he would see that the one thing now needed to kill the wretchedly abortive Act is the removal of the bril liant Catholic teachers, whose zeal and ability have most materially assisted to keep those schools up to a proper standard. There are many good and earnest Protestant teachers on the roll, of course, but I'd lay odds as long as a clothes-line that none of these are followers of the ' Yellow Pup.' With a few exceptions, which merely prove the rule, none of the Pup's party have brains enough to support a headache, or teach a cockatoo anything but the 'Boyne Water.' The next public appearance of the 'Pup' will probably be when he is hauled in by the tail to the boiling-down works at Botany. r» n n \J V V/ As a specimen of the intelligence of the specked j Orange party, we have the story told of a candidate* who throttled the editor of the Black Bondsman (the party's paper), and fiercely said:— 'You idiot, if you had any brains, I'd bang them out against a. post.' ' What for ?' gasped the poor printer. ' I always spoke well of you.' ' Spoke well of me !' yelled the other, as he shook his victim like & bull terrier would an old boot. ' Why, you've ruined my chance of: election entirely. You know well enough that I am depending largely on our temper ance societies for support, and yet, you fat- headed son of a sea-cook, in that interview 1 paid you to fake up yesterday you speak of me as ' drinking my coffee with gusto !' Not more than two out of every thousand Orange teetotalers know what ' gusto' means. They think it's some slang term for brandy, and now if any of them care to give me a chance at all, they'll want to come round and smell my breath after, breakfast every day between this and the polling. Yah ! It's enough to make even the ghost of King William take to drink !' o oo I have seen some very daring things done in the way of journalism, but by far the most audacious is the story which a reckless contemporary has saddled upon that staid divine which it most irreverently dubs ' Old Bishop Goe.' Briefly put, this hor rible tale tells of four young curates who called to afford some spiritual consolation to another young curate who had met with an accident, oo o When the visitor's stock of spiritual comfort ran out, the sick man intimated that he had some of his own, but of a totally different brand, in a sturdy bottle planted in his library behind ' The Life and Sufferings of John Knox.' It was instantly decided to sample that bottle, the result being that the five jolly divines were soon seated round the bed, their coats off, pipes in their mouth, tumblers of potheen at their elbows, and all engrossed up to their evangelical ears in a rattling game of nap. ooo The fun was waxing fast and furiovs, and the sick caint, flushed with excitement over the. good hand he held, was beginning to warble the only humorous ditty he knew— ' Come, let us be joyful, joyful, joy — ' -when a tap was heard at the dooc: ?' Come in, if you're fat !' shouted the invalid gleefully, and then, to the speechless consternation of all, in popped the most potent, grave, and reverend head of Bishop Goe ! o o o For a second or so the whole five curates were fairly paralyzed, but quickly recovering themselve8 one apostle grabbed the cards, another made a dis astrous attempt to stuff the whisky under the bed, and the. dudeens were being dropped under the table when the worthy Bishop grasped the situation, and said with a killing smile — ' Oh, a little private prnyer-meeting, I perceive. Very good ! I'll call again in an hour or so.' It's a dern good yarn, on- the whole, but it presupposes that Bishop Goe has a keen sense of humour, and 1 can't stand that, for the days for miracles being wrought are over. 