The Advertiser. Puhl.IsHED EVERY TUEBDAY, THUnasO1 ANDh SATURDAY MOaNIOG. - Bairnsdak 2lursday, June 9, 1898. THE consignment of a hundred tone or so of concentrates from the Omeo district, which is to be shipped to Melbourne next week on its way for treatment in Germany, does not repre sent anything in the way of an isolated experiment. Strange as it may seem, shipments of theboind are so frequent as to cause no surprise. It is calcu lated to stagger one's faith in the system of government in the country when one realises, what this means. We are in the habit of reading about Germany in the Melbourne papers as Kaiser-ridden, oppressed by the bur these of a vast military establishment supported by compulsory service, and of listening to pmens in praise: of the blessings of the enlightened conetitia tionalism which it is our happy lot to enjoy under the form of government in Australia. Side by side with those contrasts we have the evidence of a progress amongst the Tutonic races beside which the advance of Victoria is as the pace of the sluggard or the snail. There the national industries are being multiplied, and the wealth of the country is increasing by leaps and bounds; here the inquiry still on every lip is, "Do you think things are mending ?" From end to end of Germany there is activity and enter prise; the Macawber hope springs eternal in the Victorian breast-we are still awaiting the happy day when something will turn up. The Germane are attacking the British monopoly of the markets all over the world. We may read the legend, " Made in Ger many " on every article of clothing we wear-it is elaborately displayed in every shop window. Wesend to Ger many for the machinery and for the experts to work it when we start a factory, and in the one industry which we ought to beat the world in-tbhat of gold production- we own ourselves helpless without German aid. It is a melancholy state of things to be obliged to admit, and we might very well exclaim in the language of Hamlet, when he interrogated the ghost, "Why is this ? Wherefore ? What should we doP?" There is certainly something rotten in the state of Victoria. In his report to the council of the Bairnedale School of Mines the director again protests against allowing ore to be sent to the other side of the globe when the work of treating it could be as well done here. He points out that it must host £6 per too to bag coneetitrates'in'Bairosdale ond pay.for its treatment in Germany, and asserts, as he has. done.ngain and again, that if the worke here were more exteesive we could beat the method of treating gold ore there. This single matter may not be of very large financial importance- although it is far from insignificant-but as an indication of the neglect and indifference of our Government it is eloquent indeed. Here, if on any subject, we should hold ourselves the masters, yet the inertia of the department is such that even a reply to the representations which are made with regard to it cannot be ob tained. How are new industries to be established, industries newly started to be maintained, or the material interests of the state as a manufacturer to be advanced, if so utterly hopeless a con dition of things is to continue to pro. vail ? It is altogether deplorable. It is a go-ahead age, and this is a fresh hopeful country which should be ambitiously pushing forward into a lending place in the race for prosperity. I Lot us seeo, therefore, what the Govern ment proposes to do in the coming sension of Parliament. There is a Land Bill, which is late in coming, but from which some good may bhe hoped, and a scheme of railway extension, chiefly in the molles lands, which is very much needed, besides a proposal to increase the supply of water for the grain growing areas, a Franchise Bill, an Infants' Protection Bill, an Aliene' Bill, and some attention is to be given to the vineyards. Thi is the programme, it will be remembered, following an extended term of inaction, and the result of a strong expression of dissatisfaction by nearly the whole of the colony. Yet we hear nothing whatever of an : awakening sense of the need for qualifying the youth of the colony for industrial occupa tions, although the main argument in favor of union with the other colonies has been that Victorian enterprise vould be 'largely withdrawn from growing cattle and applied to pursuits in which a larger population, with more skill, would be employed. There is nothing hinted about technical educa tion. Perhaps Sir George Turner and his colleagues will derive inspira tion from contact with the high salaried bosses at IMaffro, with whom, if he is able to speak German, hlie doubtlese conversed yesterday. They could tell him, if they cared, how they got the training which has made it worth the while of Victoria with her starved and struggling industries and her few poorly paid mechanics to tempt them from their far-away homes with salaries that to our own poeople must appear colossal. They could say that the beginnings of it, at all events, were in their schools, and it is a pity he could not learn at the same time that the chief feature of compensation in the working of gold ores in Germany is that the works are under the direct supervision of the German Govern ment. To-morrow is the last day for qualifying to vote in municipal elec tions by paying the rates. As there are likely to be contests at the coming elections, the warning is worth attending to. Yesterday Mrs Donald Clark had an exciting buggy adventure. Whilst passing through Service street the brake would not act, and the horse getting startled made off as fast as he could go. Mrs Clark retained her presence of mind, and, although unable to check the horse, guided him till Mr G. H. Cole, having first made a futile effort to'get the horse by the head, leaped into the buggy and brought him, after considerable exertion, to a standstill. The Rev D. A. Cameron, M.A., lectures this evening at the mechanics, institute, Cooongulmerang, on Ause tralian Poeta and Poetry. This evening, at Payne's ball, the first of a series of weekly skating and dancing socials will be held. The town and suburban allotments of the Bairnedale estate will be sold to-day by Mesers Desnilly, Macarthur and Co. The same firm will also offer two improved river flat blocks, of 16 and 20 acres respectively. Properties in Goold and Anderson streets, Bairnsdale; will be offered to public auction at 11 o'clock this fore noon by Mr R. M'Gregor. The sale will take place on the premises. It is now almost amatter of certainty that the railway revenue for the cur rent year-which terminates with the end of this month-will be considerably in excess of that of 1896-97. The court to determine the amount of compensation "to be given to Echuca hotelkeepere whose houses are closed under the local option poll eat on Tuesday before Mr P. O'Dwyer, P.hI., umpire. Judging from the amount of evidence to be taken in each case, it is supposed that the court will sit for a fortnight. The mayor of Ballarht, Mr C. C. Shoppee, who was defeated iit the recent Windemere election, was the recipient of a handsome testimonial from the citizens on Monday. The presentation, which comprised a bar of gold of the value of £450 and an il luminated address, was handed to him in the presence of 100 representative citizans. The mayor was warmly cum plimented on the energy and devotion with which he had disidhrged his duties as chief magistrate. The Chief Secretary has accepted the recommendation of the Chief Commis sioner of Police regarding the Fitzroy bomb case, and offers a reward of £200 for.the conviction of the criminal, with free pardon for an accomplice. Super intendent Brown reports that nothing fresh has come to light concerning the outrage during the past few days, and that the officers in charge of the case have been unable to discover anything in the nature of a clue. The matter Is, however, still receiving close attention, and now "solutions" of the mystery are received by post daily. A few days ago, says the Dunstan Times, "Mr Archibald M'Donald, of Cromwell, found on the fiat near the town a fine specimen of a moa's egg. The monster shell was lying imbedded in sand, but the sand had'been blown away from the upper part by recent gales, exposing a white top. The ex posed part was partly broken, and the shell was full of sand. The remaining shell walls were very thin, so that on removal it threatened to crumble away, Mr Robert Gilkiaon, of Clyde, pur chased the shell." The consumption of tobacco' in France, where it is a Government monopoly, is 21b loz per head; in Austria it is 21b 18oz; in Germany, 31b 8oz ; and in Belgium it is as -much as 41b 12oz per head per annum. In Groat Britain, although a far richer country, and the working classes are certainly in receipt of better wages than on the Continent, the consump tion is only lib 80z. Gune, Cartridges, all prices, at Lloyd and Co's,-AD. 