THE TEMPLE OF THE BODY. The Rev. F. Mason, President of ths Bible Christian Conference, preach.ld on eloquent, earnest, and stirring disc, urse to the congregation, in the Bible Christian Church, odi Sunday evening. The personal query embodied in the words of the text, 2nd Corinthians, 5.19-"' What? know ye not tlat your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost, which is in you, which ye have of God, and ye are not your own"- received definite and forceful interpretation by the preacher. The spirit of Christianity, he observed, upset all national -ideas of proprietorship and indepeldence in respect to individual acquirements, teaching that tempo:al ownership conferred but the dignity of stewardship, to be rendered unto God, and consequently destrying mock independence, which was selfishness and the root of noiversal misery. Men of large humanitarian principle had striven against this soul-destroying selishness, but lackinog in Christian spirit, had failed. St. l'sul had fought it to the death. Ameng the Greeks whom he taught, the opirittal cn o ception of the sacredness of the bordy hadl not been attained, but by senasualinsm and licentious indulgence it had been dagradcd into a thing of evil. This material ;oocep tion had been handedl down to succeedling generations. The monks had desecrated the body, as much as ever did Greek, I;by their animalism, wrongly conceiving the body to be essentially evil, and +wreaking vengeance on it in a spirit of rensorse. Happily, the aclious of men like Walluce were uplifting and refining the niinds nf men to a true perception of the relation of the body 'as co-equal with the soul. A temple, he continued, was constituted- by the worshipped and the worshlpper, and the human body vwas symbolised by the o!d Jewish temnple-sanctified by the presence of the Holy Ghost. ResponDibilily for sia rented not with the hody, tut the soul to which, asa handiwork of God, it ha?ld been entrusted. The cowardice which planedt the blame oL transgression at the door of habit, and s ot to.. its true caiue-tlhe rnottenness of tihe .soul, came ein for the scornfnul denunciation of the preacher, wvho concluded a. spirited s?rmon with an exhor ation for the repression of the deftliag infiuences of groanness, sefisahness, atnd materialism 'permeating the struto of euciety, and endangering the spiritutal welfare of every- individual, which might lead to the proper fulfillment-eof each destiny and the only reqlisalion of life -immnorlality. 