TODDLING ROUND. [J3r Taeger.] That the law can pursue a man to his grave will bo commonly admitted, but that there should be squabbles over his bones long jeers after lie has been buried to the satisfaction of bis friends and the cmmanity generally makes one a believer in the doctrine that “ tho law is a hass.” Some thirty years ago, probably, an intoiment took place on the sand hill near the sewage farm, which dispose! of tho earthly ramains of some “ unknown.” Tho other day, through excavation, the bones again popped up, like Banquo’s ghost, and set the mighty atm of the law ia motion. Legal formula required that certain prescribed meltbods should be followed in re-intoning those remains, and having satisfac torily buried them again, “ the law” oast its eye round for someone on whom to levy for the time and trouble incurred. It always looks to somebody to pay for its delibera tions. So it has picked on the shire council, as the richest concern, and has made a claim upon the 11 city fathers ” for re-interring baman bones found on tho sandhill near Shepparton. Bewildered with the proposal, their solicitor is to be con sulted, to sottle the question of liability of shire councils to keep peo| le bnriecl. The councillors pro bably saw danger ahead if they paid the account without inqniry ; per haps they feared that digging up bones wonld become a scores of revenue to people out of employ nient, aud the funds of the council depleted thus would have to be augmented by the mip"sition of no 11 extra or inter ring rate.” It used t> be generally thought that the undertaker had the last say over humanity ; but. if this Sott of thing goes on there will be no finality in the matter, and the law and lawyers will get pickings off ear bones till tho end of time. JJo wonder cremation is becoming fashion able. Such cases »s this argue logi cally in favor of it. Also, when yonr ftiends casually remark the amount of cigar ash in tiie mantelum yon can sorrowfully tell them, “ It’s not cigar ash ; it's Annt Maria." , Cremation is much safer; aDd it cheats the law. j "Western Australia bear; the name of being a hundred years behind time, and apparently the gncl arrange ments at Perth justify the title. The ] other day four prisoners were fmnd I to have 11 skedaddled.” The officials asceitaincd casually later that the escapees had taken a boat clo;e to the prison, and "vamoosed.” Accord ing to last accounts the police are on j their tracks, and will catch them again sooner or later. Four men to escape from a prison and vanish in a boat in a city rends like romance ; but then half Westralia’s golden j name is built on romance. So Bishop Thornton hi; run amuck with the A.N.A., in connection with his recent severe strictures on the immorality of Australia ; and “the man who didu't strike O'llma" | and Mr Carty Salmon have been j or? ling fiercely in defence of thi-lr i native lend. The outside pot lie ! look on amused, while tho Way back branch of the A.X.A. moves a s-il. itin resolution affirming the beautiful ::u i righteous m rality that exists in Australia, and especially Wayback and Bnnyip Bend. Bishops have to get a liviug as well as lawyers and legislators, and by raising Cain oc casionally they keep their exitmee before the public. But as for the morals of Australia, well, f believe, without committing myself, that they will compare favorably with other pails of the world — the .South Sea Islands, for instance. Apropos of nothing in part'cular, Mr Justice Simpsoo (N.S.W.) made souio severe comments in a divorce case the other day, where n girl of 17 was deserted by her spouse in a few months. The "artless one” told the clergyman she wa= over 21. and His Honor severely blamed the minister for not taking more pre cautions before launching two lives in misery. Mr .1, T. Brown, M.L A., evidently “ took the flure" of the House tire other night with the intention of impeaching the integrity of the Turner Government, bat, unfurln nately for him, he was gnilty of the unpardonable, in fact t'easonnbb’, offence of accusing a Minister of ihe Crown cf—or—well, juggling with the truth. Whatever justice may have heeu in his argument was at ouco lost s giit of in the face of sueli an atrocious accusation. Ministers, like royal personages, ire infallible, and ’tis but to court disa-ter t> thus beard them in their den. Let’s hone our intrepid member's influence will not suffer in c >n?< quenev. 