THE BLAKE FAMiLY. \----- p; [BY BETA.] fc CHAPTER IX. gi Monday, i8th March, 1941, was an tI eventful day to several of the persons a who have figured in this story. For c several previous weeks rumour had been " busy, and it had come to beknown that b a great suit was to be tried in the tl Supreme Court to determine the right f' ful ownership of a fortune, producing an e income of not less than 12,00ooo a year. r4 The person in actual possession of the t prize was our scheming, unscrupulous ( acquaintance, James Blake; and the c claimant was his cousin Charles, who n was about to dispute the validity of the n will under which James, and his guard- i ian together, had held and drawn the a revenues of the property for some twEenty-three years past. Charles Blake had, as we know, suf fered'much at the hands of his cousin, and he had vowed that if he ever got the young man', in his power he would be even with him. That time, he belie ved had now come. He had been ad: vised that the will under which James i held the property was only a will in name, and, therefore, the money which his cousin was assumed to have inheri ted under that will belonged to himself, Charles Blake. The sum in question was about £'5oo,ooo, and Charles sought to recover tlat. Then there was an annual income, .ja ,ooo, which had been illegally appropriated, as the :laim ant alleged, during twenty three years. And, as 23 times 12 make 276 there was a nice little sum of Z276,ooo-the mesne profits of the estate, as the law yers call back rents, or income-to be recovered as well. But even this was not all. Charles Blake's lawyers in sisted upon his claiming interest, at the rate of5 per cent. per annum upon each year's income ; and, as these two last claims, at the very lowest computation, amounted to another £500,oo00, what James Blake now had to do was to re sist aclaimof something like £Z,ooo,ooo -a very different thing from his recent amusement of fabricating letters with a t view to ruin his cousin's reputation, and desttoy his prospects of happiness. It was fortunate for James Blake's peace of mind during the evil days upon which he had now fallen, that he did not believe his cousin Charles had the ghost of a chance of bringing his claims to a successful issue. When the first note of alarm was sounded, he ii structed his solicitors toobtain counsel's opinion upon the case, and he had been assured by the foremost men at the bar that his position was unassailable. That being so, he had only the worry to face, together with the expense such worries generally entail. For the rest, he re flected with no small amount of com placency, that his purse was a good deal longer than Charles Blake's was, and that that impulsive young man stood a very fair chance of dropping a consider able sum of money before the lawyers had done with him. And it is only right to say that the public was of the same way of thinking. There was the usual preliminary skirmishes before the real battle was fought. The party attacked wanted to know the method, and the places along their lines in which an assault was to be made. The assailant, on the other hand, strove to disclose as little of his strategy, and unmask as few of his bat teries as possible. In doing this he was assisted by the defence, whose confi dence in the strength of their position made them careless. Hence, their in terrogatories were neither so searching as usual nor pressed with the persistency which they might have been. When, at length the day of trial ar rived the court was crowded almost to suffocation. No civil case had excited so much interest within the memory of man. The 'odds' were offered and taken as freely, as if the two Blakes had been a pair of thoroughbreds entered for the cup, at Flemington. The ' books that were made on the ' event' might have satisfied the aspirations of a plunger upon any course. Needless to say that James Blake was, the ' favo rite,' nor that the odds were 1oo to 3 against Charles-or the ' Ballarat colt,' as he was called. This, in addition to the personal friends and acquaintances of the litigants ; the contingent of law yers such cases draw to the courts ; be sides the regular habitues of the temple of Justice-numbers of people were drawn to the scene of conflict, for no other reason than that-'they had money on it.' In fact, they had so much money on that many of them had good cause to remember it long after wards. There were other points of interest connected with this trial which sorely puzzled the quid nuncs; and one of these was the contrast between the legal forces arrayed against. each other. James Blake, for instance, had secured the strongest bar that the ranks of the profession could furnish. Each of the three gentlemen retained to do battle for him was a noted leader in the legal army. The time when either of them had condescended to hold any except a leader's brief before this case had long gone by, Mr Phatbrief, Q.C., the cele brated cross-examiner, was a tower of strength in himself. He was no lawyer to speak of; but an adept at cross-ques tioning - so much so that, it is said, having once coaxed a certain nameless personage into the witness-box, he so bullied and tormented the old gentle man that he first stamped, then swore, and at last fairly turned tail and ran away-roaring out, as he escaped from the court, that it would be his turn soon, and then Phatbrief would have to look out for cinders. Such was the leader in the case ; though, of course, the story of his encounter with Diabolus must have been the invention of an enemy. Mr Wheazelle, the gentleman who was to follow Mr Phatbrief, was another formidable adversary. His forte lay in his success in the detection of flaws and weak spots generally in a case, and the facility with which he could wriggle through an ill-jointed Act of Parlia aent. Could he but discover a chink, I ir crevice into which he could insert he tip of his poiated nose, the ultimate >assage of his whole body was almost a aregone conclusion. Mr Eksbench a :ompleted this formidable trio. t On the other hand, the names of the ,entlemen who were selected to do bat le for Charles Blake were kept secret tlmnost up to the day of trial. His :ousin had been first in the field, and, I in consequence, had the pick of the t sasket, as the saying is; and, although I here were'some very able men still left for Charles to choose from, it was .vident that his cousin had secured the really big guns, and that he would have :o fight - them with weapons of lesser legal) calibre. Nevertheless, as his :ause had been entrusted to one of the most eminent firms of solicitors in Melbourne, it was assumed that his interests were being properly looked after. But, when the day came, and the legal forces were actually arrayed against each other in open court, the surprise that was manifested was great indeed. The leading counsel for Charles Blake proved to be that Mr Johnstone with whom the reader is already slightly acquainted. And, al though he was what is termed 'a rising barrister,' as a forensic luminary he was yet somewhat low down in the legal firmament. As for his colleagues, or juniors-well ; they were his juniors in all respects. W'hen the six lawyers faced each other across the table, somebody re marked that Charles had brought three lightly-armed second rate cruisers to engage against three powerful ironclads; whilst those who had already laid odds upon the chances of the favourite, went out to try and put a little more money 'on the same colt.' But, whilst the crdwd considered Charles Blake's chances to be desperate, there were a few-a very few-who looked deeper into things and, without exactly know ing why, were disposed to think his prospects were not quite so uncertain as they seemed. For instance, those who knew much about the astute firm of soltcitors who were conducting the case, regarded the weakness of the bar as an indication of the strength of the posi tion, rather than otherwise; and amongst those who so thought were Mr Platbrielf and his colleagues. They had themselves been too frequently em ployed by, and were too well acquainted with the great abilities of the solicitors for the other side, not to recognise that the signals held out which the public read-' line clear,' really meant 'danger ahead; proceed with caution.' Then, again, there were other circum stances which puzzled them. There were only three possible witnesses who could do anything for the defence; but, upon the evidence of these, not only Thomas Blake, and James, the actual defendant, but their legal advisers as well, felt absolutely certain their cause would begained. But, when communi. cations were opened with these persons, it was found that they had been already summoned to appear on behalf of the plaintiff. So they were summoned again; and thus it happened that both plaintiff and defendant relied upon the same set of witnesses I Was ever such a thing heard of before ? Why, there was no possibility of perjury on either side. Another perplexing thing was the provoking ease and composure with which the three young lawyers bore themselves. There was no flurry-no betrayal of anxiety ; neither was there anything like ostentatious confidence. They-were as serene as If they had come to hear a lecture upon the Law of Evidence, instead of being chanmpions just about to fight, and perhaps lose, an important battle. The case was heard before the Chief Justice and a special jury. In his opening address Mr Johnstone briefly described the nature of the be .quests of James Blake, who died in London in the year' 1896, as described by Dr Jervois, in the, first chapter of this story. He laid special stress upon the fact that the legacy. of £5,000, and the annuity of £5oo a year, were left to Mary Blake, not because she was the wife of testator's brother, Thomas Blake, but because she had been Mary Jansen, the; beloved.of , James Blake himself. Likewise that the bulk of the fortune had been leftrto her eldest son, should she have - children, - no matter whether by her then living husband or by a possible second marriage. 'You will not fail to observe,' counsel continued-' that no bequest is made to Thomas Blake. His name is not even mentioned in the will, ex cept once, and then it is as that of the person to whonm the heir is forbidden to bequeath any of James Blake's money. There can be.no mistake about that, and you. can therefore imagine what .would be the dead man's feelings, could his ashes be rekindled with the spark of life, at beholdling this objectionable per son revelling in the uncontrolled pos session of all that money, as he did over a period of nearly seventeen years, and then see it pass into the hands of a young gentleman for whom it was never intended. No; in the event of Mary Jansen's eldest son not living to the stipulated age, the money was to pass to James Blake's youngest brother William, and his issue. The 'stipu ted age' at which Mary Blake's son wassto inherit- that son being the late Francis Blake-was ret torth in the plainest possible words, and in the tes tator's own handwriting. And, gentle men, as the crux of the whole question at issue is contained in those words, I must ask you to pay special attention to them. The heir was to come into his fortune-" skelztever he sIhall hIave lihed ie fullperio I o/ treenty-tkree years -the full peribd of twenty-three years,' repeated Mr Johnstone slowly and im pressively ; * and again I say you will have to examine, and possess your minds to the full meaning of those few words. You will not have failed to observe, gentlemen, that the phrase is somewhat unusual. The testator does nor say the heir is to inherit on the at tainment of his twenty-third birthday. -Had he said that, the Itde Francis Blake would have been the true heir. There is no gainsaying, for Frank Blake unquestionably attained that day, and my learned friends opposite will tell you and are ready to prove that he lived through that day, and had actually entered upon his twenty-fourth year at the time of his death. Now, gentleman, I need not tell men of your intelligence that what you have been brought here for, is to give effect to the wishes and the intentions of the late James Blake, as expressed in his will. And these intentions are not conveyedtoyou at second hand, through the mediunm of some solicitor employed to embody them in a will, and in the cumbersome phraseology which, I regret to say, we lawyers ise, but you have them at first hand, and from the testa tors own pen. Janies Blake, therefore, speaks to you froni ihe grave; anid as he is powerless to rectify this grevious wrong, he calls upon you to redress it for him. You will be told that James Blake's wishes have been respected that Francis Blake having inherited the money devised it to his infant son-that the appointment of his father, the ob jectionable Thomas Blake, that infants' guardian was only natural, and in no wise contrary to the terms of the will. Fortunately I am not called upon to argue that point. I have simply to prove to you that the late Francis Blake had no money to bequeath, either to his infant son or anybody else.' (To be continued) 