FROM DAY TO DAY. i (Br Fox.) j There are some lovely liars amongst Perth pressmen, who would give even their poor old father, the devil, a long ; start, and then beat him badly. The following is the account telegraphed to the "Murchison Times" of the Ivanhoe Venture episode:-"Perth, Wednesday. Great excitement has been caused in Kalgoorlie over the action of two hzn dred men seizing the Ivanhoe Vecture mine. The alluvial diggers working oa the company's lease sank down to bot- tom level, and broke through into the ?company's workings, and forcibly ejected ¡the miners, and seized about two hun- dred bags of stuff. Most of the men en- gaged are armed, and serious trouble is expected." Great Caesar's ghost ! * * * * Barring Nihilists and such-like in- sects, - it must be truly pleasant to be Czar of Buesia. No man in the world has a greater power for good and evii, and it is satisfactory to every lover of humanity to see that Nicholas IL is in- clined to exercise his-vast power for .good. His Majesty's proposal for the disarmament of Europe is perb^s a trifle Utopian, but shows that the Czar's ' heart is in the right place, and that he is far better entitled to claim the appel- lation of Prince of Peace than the Ger- man Imperial mountebank who rather profanely-laid claim to it. The action of the Russian Emperor shows, at least, 'that there is no desire for war on the part of the-second greatest empire in the i world ; and* that is very satisfactory, in view of th&recemVstrainjed; condition of the relations befcween.the-Great Powers. * * * * There hasheem quite- an invasion of Perth, by artist stately,, and this is the more surprising ?when ene remembers that it ia in-timesof prosperity we are wont-to noter the flourishing state of art -notcin «nch4âme»as these, which have fallen £kawa blight on Western ¡ Aus- tralia-of late. Everywhere one goes uno BCEUI ajpitruu. i or sketch of more or îeo>'^aerïfc-generally less-with, the poi i*MT4ttjn»mi nyilil;» Stile legend xnti mntm^prsrb "pi^mW nm received,'' etc-, etc. Alse» "öftre» ase> exhibitions -of col IntiomsafTBintfeKii. Rist, OSO of t^PTD daadetmtf.wgTi B¿«^ri-iiia.display from hiffTrrffjftiiiHMTihr ult 11 ".rr' asked to .«I ininnriy^r¡;«gni«pd in «okKsv b II LL u-jd iwa; =«- vofcanic erup tk>n pcaajafib^ and perspective which .inigEfc ba paafibls ia. an earthquake. Theowaaeflier lamKut bursts upon us with «b^odOocfioa of pictures misrepre- senting' Kaw VÉ I iii md, with, one or two .of alkgaOooalscenery. The-thought that-BtEÄE»-aa& -ont looking round is . that this pnrtirniar brash-wielder evi denthr*wcds<m7c«sato8ystem, and paints at leaatsdniË^dosen canvasses at once, hB'oae*Guu*uuiJiy fl» aune color and e&ectska-epeated; igñt>cnd again. This pc4nts^o^friigMLaBnd, if nothing else. The fijrJ» ofiihaJoeal ?"artist" appears i to ie»&^âofa«98B*o£-cok«v which wholly ilijtymb rfjwH», »a may be seen in ?their nUiMinrin at local scenes, while 'l--"--llmtnii¿-f"rr~a^r¡ and such like ob jecta^dfeoote that 4l*ey to laws of ¡persDaetwo-iin tho most supreme con- tempt. This»claaa«of painting is of the popular«orAery.»pd no doubt appeals to the-'o^g^r- mind hythe clamor of its load^coiorrngi. but it is not the class of prk? ono aees in either the academy or ttho<ssaion. Eve» inr-our own little col- lection ,at> th© Museum we may see the work of painters of European reputa tion^andrvery Ettie-stndy of those will show anyone- of ordinary intelligence the cLffierremoí» -between, the-rgeima *pot noüer,>>arjdígeBBÍne-art. * * * * The-result of the inquiry into the condition, of Öle Old Men's Depot has been the pubfioation of a rather am- biguous report by Mr. Roe, the com . missioner appointed to make the in- vestigation. Although Mr. Roe's re- marks are rather of the whitewashing order, to- which we have become accustomed in official reports issued in this colony, still one has only ièo read between the lines to see that drastic changes are considered necessary. It is, therefore, evident that the thanks of the-community are-due to the "West Australian" for its^exposure of the pre- valent-abuses j and, personally, I hope ¿hat itsMxmdnctorwill see his waytclear to emhark uponga similar crusade in Teference-to toe numerous other insti- tutions which, stand so much in need of One ? of>thf>MTio6t Aopefal of political sigmv-of th&<times is the manner in which tho bacoüo mind is - awakening. 'The "Norfcham-^Advertiser'' is now con- stantly on tíiB-track of the Govern \- anent, and, its-latest unkind remark is 4ks followsc-"Sir-John Forrest'ss-speech ct the Darling Bange Quarries on Sat- an-day lasfeiiaidly-accorch? with bis Bud- get statement. He counselled his hear \- ers "'not to- bestafraid,* but aa he him . adf "was thaefirst to cry Volf,' is it-sur , prising tint people would really be come «laarnumit Sir John?quotedagainst: . Sir John saewsr ^resrettable weakness j ha a statesman.77 * * * * j After- alPHhe-degradatwm and dis- grace to which: the name- of french jus- j tice has been-«Äjec*ed-<>ver- thewI)reyfusj case, there~seenjs a probability of that iiitfortunate- -ms», being set right in the eyes of the-world. Tho military ring who conspired Aar 'his--domfaîl has been broken up, the infamous Esterhazy has been -cashiered, Jkssdsffre bas resigned, and Henry hasv-coofessed to being the forger of the notorious ''Bordereau,*' and like- a. second Judas, has had the dece2U^to»«0Ba2nit- suicide. After this there is lietl&daubt; that the whole Drey- fus -afiair- wnFJ^freropejied, asid that the pathetic figure chained like a wild beas behind the bars oí a caga on the Devil' Isle will have justice rjeie<f oat to him The whole case is a proof -frf svhat ter ri ble wrongs »kay be committed if popu lar passion and prejudice are allowed ti 'interfere with, the ordinary procedun j of jurisprudence, and to pass front thing ! great to those rektively small, shook ! warn us how we hastily pass jcdgraeis I on certain cases now pending in ou ! own law courts. We have seen hen ; already all the elements of a Dreyfu j case, with a whole class for victims ara j a base and servile magistracy backed b; ¡an unjust Government for persecutors {Let not the people of this colony de . grade themselves to the level of th' j bovrhng French mob. * * * * A cheque yarn appears in "Notes am Gold," the organ of the banker, or, *i all events, of the bank clerk. 'Tm ven sorry, miss," says the paving cashier "bnt this is a crossed cheque, and I cnn not pay it over the- counter." "Oh, is V really?" replies the fair customer. "Hov tiresome! Then I suppose I shall hav» to come round the other side to get it*: This form 3 a reminder of the otha cheque story, which is that of a Presoy terian minister, who had, to his intens) surprise and delight, received sn nu wonted cheque from a charitable donor "This cheque .is to order, and must b« endorsed," explained the paying oashie: at the Highland bank "Ehî" "tin dorsed-across the back." 'Oh, ay!1 and with the pen and all his sen th« minister wrote, "I heartily endorse :hii cheque." * * * * The Resident Magistrate at Bunour was guilty of an unconscious piece o sarcasm in the hearing of a charge o obscene language recently. The ac cosed when interrogated as to his mean of livelihood replied that he had com menced work for one of the contractor on the roads, whereupon the Residen' Magistrate said, /'Well, you won't d< any more work for fourteen days," ant in the same breath he sentenced him t< fourteen days' hard labor. The'mora is obvious. * _ * * * * Burglary is fast becoming a fine art ii Melbourne. No longer does the impu clent though more manly course of fact to fae© undisguised ''bailing'.up" pre- vail (if it be possible to grant any de gree of manliness in unmanly actions) The wisdom of the serpent is non brought into requisition, and subtlety plays its part in the robbers game There can be no question but that th* confederates in the Swanston-stred theft had carefully elaborated theil course of action, before robbing -Mr John Angel. The first man (the seeming fugitive) prepared the way splendidly for the real workman, by knocking down the victim, and the second man fell over thc fallen man accidentally, on purpose The plan so well prepared, so well car- ried out, will live as a chef d' ouvrt among the admirers of the thieving fraternity. Had one of the myrmidon! of the law appeared on the scene and in terrupted the grand crisis, the second man would doubtless have been readj with two excuses, namely, that the first man had robbed him and done him some injury, and that the collision with the victim was purely accidental; and the first man would, of course, be able to make his own defence. Being suc- cessful, however, they will not be com- pelled to lie-at any rate for the time. WI * * * * * e learn from a cablegram this week that Professor Ernst Haeckel has decided once for all where our "fore- bears" were.1 We are much obliged to him for taking so much trouble, but he takes good care to call our forefathers, much removed, monkeys, from a safe distance. From some Javanese fossils he comes to the conclusion that "It is no longer a mere hypothesis that man be- longed to the order which (according ta the classification of Linnaeus) is known as 'primates' and to the genus 'Lemur' in other words that monkeys and men were descended from a common stem." We have never doubted that some men were descended from such a source, but we are not likely to accept the idea, that all men, our aristocratic selves in- cluded, are. We hereby advertise for our lost kin, and please Mr. and Mrs Monkey whoever and wherever you are. bring along a big genealogical tree. No lon- ger will one boast that he came over with William tile Conqueror, or the first batch of convicts, rattier proudly will one assever, I sprang by prehensile im- pulse from tiie most antique Lemur fos- sil ever discovered in Java, rt is a les- son, however, to some people to treat dumb animals in a kindlier manner in future, for some of their kith or kin may be imprisoned in a zoological cage, just as they are, or may be in Fremantle or other gaols. .*?*»** Without doubt the correspondence columns of a newspaper is perused wrtii moro interest than any other part of the paper ; and the reason is not far to seek. Subscribers grow accustomed to the work of the regular contributors and expect nothing out of the common from them. But the correspondence column has an abiding interest, for here editors are told Low to conduct their newspapers, fancied wrongs ar aired, people with im- maculate- characters are attacked, fads, fancies and joibles of every description are seen in the glare and surrounded with the glamour which printing con- fers. In addition to the points I have enumerated, which, if mentioned in toto would produce a sum requiring the use of logarithims to compute. There is ene particular thine which mnst not be over- \ looked, the embodiment of the substance,, the mode in which most of these effu-j sions are ca6te. Sightly or wrongly journalists generally express their ideas in a stereotyped manner-not so our correspondents as a rule, but they write youthfully because they are not old. ***** This peramble for what it is worth. I wish to comment briefly on one letter which appeared this week in the "West Australian." A recent arrival has praised our fair city, and well he mightn't. 'T much admire the way the streets are laid out and made-the very . cleanly manner in which they are kept -in your neat and tidy little city.". Slow that echoes through the room. What are you giving us? Taffy on the stick 1 Truly you are a new chum, Mr. Correspondent-no Alexander the Wise about you. I'll telephone to theWise Men of the West-ting-a-ling-a-ling Whose there? "John Forrest/' "Isn't Aleck about?" "No." Tell the. gentle- man Mr. Vox "you are my worst enemy"-"What, snail I tell tem that" "No;" tell him "I'm sorry I can't offer1 him a Government appointment at pre- sent, and unless Cr. Molloy resigns from the council, Fm afraid our city will ever remain fair, clean, and well drain- ed." To business then: Fancy anyone? in his sane senses (by the way, he j couldn't have any sense unless be were sane) ever comparing Perth with Ade- laide. Adelaide, though it is a sleepy little village, is infinitely beyond Perth yet awhile. Hay-street versus King William-street, or even Bundle or Hind ley-streets! "No traffic to dirty them," the thing is absurd ; why, you could fire a "gatling" down Hay-street almost any hour of the day and hit nothing but broken stones and street garbage. Dirty though the Melbourne streets are, there is not one in Perth to compare in any way with Bourke, Collins, Elizabeth, Swanston, or half a score more. So far for Melbourne. Try Sydney-George, Pitt, Castlereagh, King, or ethers, are they worse than ours! Not a bit. **"**» The only other point worth even a word in this correspondent's letter is, the absence of dogs, cats, poultry, and other meat. No wonder he can't ob-j ject to them, for we ate all we had long ago, and the "ring" has kept them out ever since. . ***** Perth ia right enough in its way and is improving gradually-it will be bet- ter, and might well be-but such a let- ter as this, unless it is meant satirically which it isn't, will do more harm than good. Let it RD?. * * * * The following clip has been sent me as a curious advertisement. It is sup- posed to have appeared in a Birming- ham! newspaper recently:-"Young woman wants washing and cleaning, apply, etc" There is nothing so very curious about this advt, after alL Many a young woman does want washing and cleaning very badly-and "Brum" people, if I remember aright, more than ordinarily so. But here is one I came across in Adelaide a few years back which contains more inviting informa- tion, or rather, I should say, provoked a deal of curiosity. -It ran thus : ""Mr. and Mrs. Young have left off wearing apparel of every description. Inspec- tion invited." The shop was crowded when I went to report the matter. * * * ' * * Mr. Conolly, M.L.A., appears to be scarcely less in disfavor with his consti- '. tuents than such goldfields members as Mr. Moran and Mr. Morgans. The Es- perance "Chronicle" states :-"We be- j lie ve that Mr. Conolly is so weak-so helplessly weak-in his politics that the opponents to Esperance have made use of him to the last degree, and that in having such a weak man to represent her, Esperance had far better be with- out political representation. His repre- sentation has been merely a conveni- ence to the Government to have someone in Perth with the right to bind Esper- ance hand and foot, and, lastly, to poli- tically cut her throat." * * * * * It is pleasant to come across this sort of thing in English papers:-"Seeing your notice from a correspondent lately of a funeral procession in Sydney, N.S.W., being stopped for the 'mour- ners' to ascertain the scoring in a crick«* match, and inferring that you are in- credulous as to such an event having taken place, I write a line to say that I spent five years in Australia, mostly in Sydney, and I- can well believe the truth of this strange story. But these funeral processions in the colonies can- not be said to consist of svourners. Thc ; real mourners occupy one or mere coaches behind the hearse, and then follows a long string of hansom cabs, buggies, mail-carte, etc., occupied by friends or acquaintances pf the deceas- ed, the time of the starting of the funeral having been advertised in the newspapers, with a view to this tribute of respect being paid. I have seen as many as 50 vehicles thus following the funeral proper, the occupants evidently greatly enjoy the occasion, cracking nuts, laughing and talking. Although this custom is curious to English ideas, it is received as a matter of course in the colonies, and every daily paper con- tains a list of forthcomng funerals, with detaüs as to day and hours.fixed, as I believe it is a matter of emulation among the working classes to obtain a large following for thor dead friends. It is therefore highly probable that a stoppage was made for the purpose mentioned." This is doubtless the rea- son why some of our friends take such an abnormal interest in Obituary Notices-but our newspapers are very wrong indeed, not to describe in detail ? the funny little things that never hap- pons "What never!" Wen, "Prno Ifore" must be right; ^'Hardly. e«r."- , A Lake-street correspondent sends me the following :-"Dear Sir,-Allow me to supplement jour remarks in the Assembly last night re the unemployed as reported in the paper this morning. My case is that I did not come to this colony as having sown wild oats or as a wastrel, but with a splendid record and general ability. The Government circulate freely in-England such glow- ing accounts of the ' climate, land, and progress here, that I was in- duced to come last January with wife and child. We found the place fair to look at, but this was a deception, as indeed all else is. I have dropped £400 of hard-earned money. I am trying to work my passage home, and my wife and daughter are also returning at the very first oppor- tunity. Bear in mind that in acting thus I have made every allowance for the reaction consequent on a boom. It ÍB said to be a land of promise and pro- gress, bot beyond gold the land is prac- tically sterile, or people would have found out and appreciated its value long since. I did not know that Govern- ment using V.R. on publications were addicted to quack advertising. Hence my ruin, and for which the Government is undoubtedly responsible, and I may emphatically add that this sort of thing persisted in will do them and the colony far more harm than that yet felt." "These reproaches are the direct and just outcome of a men- dacious bom-and-burst policy such as that carried on by our local YogeL * * * * The following appears in a recent issue of the "Kalgoorlie Miner" :-"Mr. George Herbert Kingswell, who recently conducted the Coolgardie ''Miner" and "Pioneer" newspapers, and who returned on Sunday from the east, filed a petition for insolvency on his own application (says our Coolgardie correspondent). In consequence of this step, the senior Official Receiver, Mr. Harry Wainscot, telegraphed instructions to his represen- tative in Coolgardie to seize the papers in question, together with the books and plant. Acting upon the instruc- tions, possession was taken in legal form of the premise, machinery, etc. Tee books were immediately removed by Mr. Wainscot's deputy, and a bailiff was then placed in charge of the build- ing and contents, and an inventory pre- pared in connection with the receiving order made against^the estate of Kings- well. The Official Receiver claims the "Miner" property as forming part of the debtor's estate- Subsequently a formal demand was made by a solicitor on be- half of Mr. John Cully, upon the Official Receivers agent for the removal of the bailiff and the return of the papers. The request was not entertained. Later in the afternoon Mr. G. N. O ram, the receiver's agent, received a summons charging him with illegally detaining the "Miner" books. The case will be heard on Friday." Now, following the exam- ple of Mr. Monger, I declare that a raid has been made upon the "Coolgardie Miner," and I call upon the Government to call out the troops to put down such lawless proceedings. Mr. Wainscot has nothing behind him but the autho ity of the Supreme Court, and this we know, as exemplified in the case of the Ivanhoe Venture diggers, counts for nothing. The Official Receiver has evi- dently acted in a high-handed, revolu- tionary way, and should have got the permission of the warden, who, accord- ing to the latest Mongerian interpreta- tion of the law, is considerably superior to the Chief Justice. Having neglected to consult either Messrs. Monger and Moran, or the warden, Mr. Wainscot should forthwith be hanged, drawn, and quartered. I hope Mr. Monger will move to that effect in the House. * * * * China has t^kon warning by the fate of Spain, and has determined to get a powerful navy. She has ordered the first instalment from Germany, in the shape of a large number of very fine flags with dragons on them. Later a good deal later-she will get ships tc fit the flags. But the process reminds me of the man who wanted to buy a pair of horses and a carriage. He could not afford it all at once, so he commenced by buying a really fine car- riage sponge. . * * * * But the Chinese think as well as act -upside down. In any other country j people would be annoyed if the owsei I and occupier of the finest house in a i town were a well-known street beggar. Not so the Chinese of Changshu. They point to tile house with, pride as proof j cf their charitable disposition. Bul i what can you expect of a people whose 'favorite dish is young live mice tile; 'pick np by their tails, dip in honey, and swallow 1 ****#' In India people get used to shocks earthquakes or otherwise. In a conn try where you have to knock your boob on the ground to shake out the lurk- ing scorpion before putting them .on, ii would not do to be terrified at triviali- ties. But an item of news from Mysore is surprising all the- same. A bear at the local Zoo got out of its cage when t number of ladies and children happen- ed to be close by, and "somehow before the ladies had time to go the bear wai quite close, and they had to take re fuge in the bison's cage." A more un desirable asylum could scarcely bc imagined, and it reminds one of the lion- tamer who took »fuge from his in foliated wife in the den of Hons, while his good lady raged outside and dared him to "Come out, you coward!" * * * * -it One often hears-of people being stab bed' in the ann or chest or elsewhere but tho "Adisocate of India" report! that a woman was *ïatally: stabbed ii an abducton case." The peculiarity of the incident did not end there, for her assailant was sentenced to four years' '"rigorous imprisonment" for the abdution, and to be hanged for the stab- bing, and he has claimed, through his lawyers, that the sentence must be car- ried out in that order. ***** The Franchirai sed a great howl over tho adoption by F-nglnnd of the "Dum Dum" bullet. The beaury of this bul- let is its "stopping power," caused by "setting up on impact.'' This appears to be another way of saying that if a man chanced to hie hit on the leg with a Dum-Dum bullet the surgeons would have considerable difficulty in extract- ing fragments of his thigh-bone from the small of his back. As it. was ob- vious that a bullet like this tended to British success in warfare, the French howled. ***** So some military genius invented a new bullet for use in the Soudan. Tbis wa? called the "man-killing" bullet, and it had none of the disadvantages of the Dum-Dum bullet ; onliy a Ira nji who es-j caped being shot in a vital spot was "pretty sure to die from hemorrhage and shock." This would, "of course," have satisfied the humanitarian French; but unfortunately it was found that the bullet began to illustrate its "shocking" powers before it left the "barrel, to the injury of the rifle. So the British authorities have returned I to the Dum-Dum bullet, and the French have returned to their howling. 