CRICKET NOTES. Reports of matches played on Patunlay should be in hiuvi on Monday, to admit of tliciv imblien tion on 'Wcdnexiiny. Notes on matulies ' jipcar in Sniur.lny's issue. 'Will correspondents and ' seorurarivs of ulubs kindly note ? Unleua the wicket, the bntUns; u» tho luck is very bad Central Cumbo'rliuid should tinisli their good start iigninnt liedfcrn with nit ensy win. Bettor Into than nevor. Onoortwo hard chimera were missed, hut other wise- tho bowling and lidding (if the tciiiu, in cluding thoir Itcdfcru substitutes, fuiood the lledfern bntsmmi into n ciain|H-il Hfivlb. Even during tho stand iiisuiu by Munie (10) mid Bornor (25) neither [iliiym- iipponied ro have a. safe tonuro. Fitzgerald secured rhn first, l-.luvi! wickets (with one later on) and caught the fourth mm Both ho and Tyo looked :ih if thvy lmi! found spots. Somo - f their overs were pitched and hulf henrtedly played or tit tempted m jiisD the samo style— ft wicket very won, Furqulinr also bowl, il well iind tlie spectatorn scorned interested to snehiuv 1111 utrundlcr. They expect soniothing attiimtivo f i oin him to-d y. Yos, intercolonial iippiiiirances lni'c aacwdy tnketi off tho inquiry, ? Which is l*j e ': ' All tho crowd know him. They didn't, however, know his 'on' theory at Kedftrn until hist 8iitunlay, iitnl many oppressions of burnrisu weie hnud -it his placing of tho field. Onoold cricket linbilue lit Itedfcrn, who saw tho first English Eleven plav in ?ydimy, raid ho had never before seen the -ioia plsicud in time fachion. Dirootly it was dono lm wiiil it would gi-t Boruer's wicltet— and tho prediction soon came off. llegrots were overheard from tho ' c'foni on lookers at Joe Wilson's enforced stlist'iicn. Thoy all doomed synipatltetically nwiuv of ni« 99 run out tho weok before, Kind in ihe uIimiiicu of such a good ' all round man ' as he was «.i!lml, thoy woro proportions t«ly surprised at tluir own batsmen's curly downfall. A plftce was reserved for Wilton next S.uuuluy. Many also expected to see Howell play and wero disappointed. Waddy rr.iide his ? ebut with tho Club, keeping wickota part of tho innningv. It's a pity ho will be away next Saturday. Fiirquhur and O'Keilly began batting in a bad li^ht (sun and shade right, on the wicket) but neither that nor the deepening shade towards tho end of their half-hour made any difference. Both played iv free but safe hitting game, in marked contrast (as a Kedfernite said) co the j stylo of their opponents. Each had soon several boundi ry hits to his credit, whilst nearly three quarters of an hour had gone before the firsc.four was hit ;n tho liedfcrn innings. This, notwithstanding that the ground is smaller than the Parramatta Oval. A Uedfcrn onlooker- father of one of their players— evinced a special interest in ' our mem ber,' telling a Parrathacta ' barraokor ' that he had sat unuer the lato Canon O'Keilly for years at St. Philip's, .Sydney. ' I seo O'Keilly's against Federation.'1 he added. '' No he isn't,' explained tho Parramatta barracker, ' only against tho big price N.S.W. is expected to pay under the Convention Bill.' Central Cumberland B are an enthusiastic lot of cricketers. Five of tho team turned up on Saturday to meot North -ydney. Futter, of The King's School, played with tho team, and showed nice cricket. Body also played, but he had tho misfortune to put his leg before tho wicket before he had scored. l Kobillinril played a nice gan.e for 39. Tho iuning-i closed for DS— a small score for such a good wicltet. Whatmore was the destroying angel. He bowls a good ball and breaks across about a foot. * He has a good stylo of mixing his bowling up without mailing any apparent; change in his delivery. The B team are sadly handicaped for want of a wicket-keeper. Tho second round of the Soul Contest began on Saturday when the Meteor met Pan amatta North A. on Union wicket and Koyal Albert the Gran ville Juniors on Meteor wicket. The scoring in both matches was very slow, particularly in the former match, when tho Parra matta Noitli!) t'-ok nearly all the afternoon in m.iking 117 iu;.s. Tho Norths greatly miss two of thoir best bats, Burnett and J. Garlick, who were unablo to be X-reseut. The ground fielding of tho Meteor was very good and kept the runs down, though tlmir catch ing was faulty, as Clarke, who made 13, had two or three livos. H. Tunics 10 and Jones 25 wero tho only other bats to make a stand. Tho Meteors hhould bo ablo to wipo out tho Norths' total for tho loss of a few wickets next Saturday. Tho ltoyal Albcrt-Gnvuvillo Junior match is not such a certain thing for tho Alberts as soma of their supporters seem to imagine. Ihe Juniors are a good scoring team and have put up aonio I'ccunt scores this season. Anyway, the Juniors iutbnd to make a good fight of it. Tho Alberts' supporters turned up in great force on Saturday and appeared to be well satisfied A'ith the game so f.ir. Hunter's Hill won their Saturday's mutch against Marslield r.ither easily. Miirslield witit in first and made 3S, to which McDonald contril.utmi Hi and Craig IU. J. W. liin-ildi took 0 wiokets for 25 and Quirk 3 lor 13. Sundries nmdo «? blob for Marsfiehl. Hunter's Hill lost bovoii wick- ts for 1 33, (P. Dottmaun not out :U, Selden 24, Quirk not out 21, A. Dettmann T.I and J. Ilillman 13 ) Sundries put up 10 lor llmiter'x .Hill. Marhfield. seeing how hopeless the struggle was, forfeited. The Urns scored ar.ot.iior wm on aaturuny — beating tho Itailway Auditors by seven wickets and fivo runs. They had not much of a tenm, four good men failing to t'rn up. but an ilut Auditors only made a moderate; j-c.ioof 127, those absentees were UOS wanted. With tlii' exception of Cater, who took 5 for 10, the Hrila1 buwling was only niiddliig. K lly gr.t tho must number of runs for the Auditors, tl, mi ! for iho M-cmid linn' this yi'iir phiyed a. gi-u:l gimo a^ains* *t liu Biila. Cox i.'ayeil w-, I fur 12 and Uoba ,U for V,. Whiti-I'or.' Hid Woods wont iir first for Brits but the latter was bowled wilh a full to:H utter rcUiur2. ' Halmariek took his p'ace and with 'Wlu.'efonl idloil tho runs up till !;(i wan rcucln'd, wh«n tho latter was dismissed i.fter making :-'-? Brown followed and was iloiin; well when lie h'.d the hard luck In ho run out niter scoring 8. Miller then apponroil, and with Halmariek playod out time— Miller '» and Halmariek fil). As tin; closing scene of the Frnell Trophy Competition approachos, the interest in the ro suit incroasea. and even now itrnaybjaaid lo hivo reached fever height. At. the commencement of thoso contest'! tmich fault wan found with the committee in allowing th' inferior clubs a start of 50 por innings. It was contended that such a start wai ridiculous and would placo tho clubs opposml to them at such a disadvantage thit they could Bcarcoly indulgo any hope of win.iing. Tho results, though, have brought about a very diifcrent state of affairs. That the start was not by any mo«ns too isri'ii* has betm abundantly proved by tho fact that not at any timo diiring 'tho competitions— much less now that they are drawing to a close — had any one of tho clubs given tho benefit of this handi cap, ' a ghost of a show ' of winning the com petition, or even of being tho ' runneis up.' The play of Saturday last made nn appreciable difference in the relative positions of the club only so far as tho leading clubs are co' corned. llydo was to have played Gladesvillo United on the lntter's ground, but, after the Hyde team had waited until a quarter past 3 o'clock, only four of the Gladeivillenien put in an appearance. ' This, of course, means a forfeit, to llydo, add ing four points to thoso already secured, or a total of 0Q points. Should Dundaa win the match against Carling ford, that team will still have a chance of winning tho competition, but that chance carries with it the obligation to defeat llyuo twice in succession. The explanation is that, in addition to the match recorded in the fixtures, there is nnothnr to bo played between Hydo and Dundas- the one adjudicated upon somo time ago by tho com mittee who adjudged that it should be played after the fixture dates were completed. That Drummoyne will secure a victory over Ermington is a foregone conclusion. But Drurumoyno's only hope is to secure second, and, as it is also a foregone conclusion, or next door to it, that Hyde must win the compe tition, the struggle for second place will be fought out between Drummoyuo and Dundas. The adjourned meeting of t)ie Committee of tho Rydo Electorate Cricket Association, which should have been held on Monday sight, lapsed for want of a quorum. The delegates who attended were naturally very much incensed at tho action of the absentees and there is somo talk of advertising in next Saturday's Argus for tenders for the supply of backbones. ' The lowest or any tender not necessarily accepted.' 