THE STORYTELLER. TIIE POINT OF VIEW. By LYNETTE. i; s. L.vsaght was twenty-five years old, H i) days a widow. She was fair of . md lier elegant mourning suited her I figure. The man who stood beside :n the drawingroom, replying to her Miiieal littb questions, was Roger ; the late .Angus Lysaght's greatest ! and executor. Pryor never fortnu to himself any reason why he did not Mrs. Lysaght. He was merely con > that her strong face and clock-work repelled him; and he stood now, slightly lowered head and averted a look of conscious deference and a i of conscious patience in his de our. He' had came to search through that contained the dead man's most .unit papers for a certain statement i . nvolved a large sum of money. > far as we know," said Pryor, "and jiow very little, the acknowledgment made > in a private letter-mentioned, i, ps, amongst a scere of other items. I <\ > iijve to glance at all letters, but you i, be certain I shall be most " e lady interrupted, smiling, "You will i iiany of my own foolish letters- please 1 ,, . them-written when " ; ? or bowed slightly, his grave face i; i - ing almost stern, and presently Mrs. !. --rlit preceded him to the library, and it . iini to his search. j . had been at work vainly for an hour i,i- nore reading carefully here, merely j:I.-..icing there. "If I had only name or address to guide me," he muttered, "but tlu-iv's not even a hint-ah, what's this?" It was a pocket-book, locked with a tiny p.i.il.ick. Pryor half rose to seek the willow, and ask her for the key, then re spited himself as the half-formed thought, "She would not have the key of a locked dui -anient," crossed his mind. He ripped the back from the covers, and from a pocket drew out a letter. The third page was turned outwards, and as Pryor's glance fell on the words, "moneys," "debts," and the name of a bank, he thought he had found what he sought. He turned back to the first page, which began without ad dress at top, "Dear Angus," and read on wards rapidly, his face altering strangely in expression. It was a long letter, ana the writing might have been, at first Bight, a man's. 1 'iyor forgot that he was searching for information only, and that this letter was not, as he had- thought, the one he re quired. Fairly into the pages, he had no volition in the matter. He read without free will, his dark face flushing, and his heart beating passionately as the passion of a written love made itself manifest. A soft sound, as of trailing robes, passed the door. Pryor recollected why he was there, thrust the letter from him, and rose quickly. He paced to and fro for a minute. The trailing sound repassed, and the man paused, staring at the door, and saying, half aloud, "Ah, Ida Lysaght, how we-how all hifl friends misjudged you - you noble woman.' Then he took the letter, with a certain tenderness of touch, and laid it against the glowing asbestos of the grate. When Mrs. Lysaght came in an hour later Pryor had found the missing document. He began to explain in detail the discovery, and though she seemed to listen intently she was musing. "What haB he seen amongst those papers? What has altered him like this? Angus used to remark that strong feeling always showed itself in this man by a curious congestion under the eyelids. How strange. They are quite red now! What has he come across?" Then aloud. "Did you find any of my letters?" "Yes; remembering your commands - I burnt-them. "Roger Pryor is beginning to go into society again. "Has society-a day will come Kitty StevenB when that word will be found only in dust-bin papers, or the mouths of factory damsels - has society lost by Mr. Pryor's absence, or has the loss been nis?" "Women* who are cynical, Florry, very Boon Bhow tiny wrinkles about the mouth. Of course, the real loss has been society's. A man rich, good-looking, good family; just think of it-he's never been to a ball, or dined out, or golfed, or poloed, or even so much as escorted a girl home for nearly five years. Ah, it is an adorable thing in this age of new gases, X rays, North Poles, and sanitary shoes with square toes, to know a man who haB suffered a grand passion?" "Suffered. You've used the right word." The girl broke into a se ies of little iaughs, and turning her head to a fascinating, angle, looked critically, at the draperies of-tne por trait she was painting. Then she squeezed a patch of crimson lake on to the mass of Chinese white on her palette, changed her brushes, and went .on talking an<T paint ing. "It's significant, Kitty, that a passion is JOHN NORTON. (Herbst, Oxford-st. Sydney, Photo.) not called grand unless its object has failed it died, or proved false, or obstaclea somehow. Yes, 'suffered' is a good \vord._ Mr. Pryor is in teresting in the same sense as a man who has recovered from the bu bonic plague, or a bullet in the heart. Now, don't stir, I'm getting the spnndrift effect of the lace on your skirt beau tifully." The sitter pressed a finger hard on her red underlip, and looked meditatively at the artist.- "I'm afraid, Florry, dear," she said presently, "that you are going to be a very hopeless kind of old maid. In another year or so you'll be pursing your mouth, and talking about your virtue. Yet I don't suppose you are more than twenty-seven." "I'm not twentv-seven-not till next Wed nesday. I wish I'd given you a wide mouth when I was doing your face. But about this Mr. Pry or. Now that he's convales cent does he discuss his disease?" "Well, I believe he has done so, in a very sacred kind of way, with very intimate men friends, such as my husband. But, Florence" -she pointed a triumph of manicuring at the painter-"the girl that can get him to talk of it to her, that girl will he-marry!" "Dear, dear, do you tell me that! I won der how it feels to be wooed by the ghost of a grande passion?" "I'm getting to that, Florry. Now, you must be that girl! My husband and I are very fond of Roger and of you. You are just the girl for bim. for although you are a bit ancient you don t look twenty. Roger prizes freshness of heart above all, and you've never been in love. If your mother died, you'd have to start getting your own living-a most pernicious practice! And, R. D. MEAGHER, M.L.A. (Brand, Park-st., Sydney, Photo.) SYDNEY HORSEWHIPPIN INCIDENT. above all, Koger's friends don't want that horrid widow Lysaght to catch him. "Catch him! Why, her huH bana isn't a fort night iu his grave." " No matter. She's a take-time by - the - forelock woman. You know it's eaid that she propos ed to Angus Lysaght." " A horrible story. I don't believe it. And now people are saying that Mr. G Lysaght com mitted suicide, that he mis managed his horse purposely, and made it throw him on his head." "Yes, they are saying that, but we, my AT THE JUNGLE I'ICN'IC. . , First Monkey.-"Did you ever see an animal change himself into another animal?" Second Monkey.-"No." First Monkey.-"Well, there's the elephant making a hog of himself!"-("Purk.") husband and Roger, are sure it wa* at dental. Poor Angus! He tried to s something to Roger in the few minutes th he lived, Dut it was not intelligible-som thing about a letter. However, never mi that; Roger is pottering about Mrs. L; saght." Well, give me a few cues as to how shall entrap the Pryor person." Kitty Stevens was offended. She beg to draw on her gloves. "How coarsely yo fut it," she said; "'entrap,' indeed! An don't know what you mean by 'cues.' " "Give me the key to him. Tell me som thing he likes or dislikes." "He hates reciters, for one thing, and THE STRATHMERTON TRAGEDY. FRED. ARCHER. ARRESTED AT NORTH MELBOURNE. never reads anything, and he adores darr; ?' eyes, and _ 'rf-; "That's enough. With less insight IV' rolled a man into a cocoon before now.} She got up and looked out of the window "Here's your Victoria, Kitty. Get off tv premises, will you, quickly. I want to into the kitchen ana show the new Mis how to make a curry. Ah, just one quetr^ tion more. How did She, the object of tl£%'; grand passion, dress?" i y "Generally in white, and rather picture®'-?. ^ quely. She never squeezed her waist a bi^r, i it must have been 26in- Roger dines wit£* i us on Tuesday. Be sure you come." Between the soup and entrees Flore had a good look at the man. seated opposilf her. "Now, if I hadn't a special knowledge » you,Roger Pryor," she was musing,"I'd ta" that look and those lines on your face to traces of hard living, instead of trophies a grand passion. So liable is the amatc _ to be mistaken!" , She did not study him further, exce$il to note that he had the modest bearing a gentleman and that his voice was of remarkable quality. If his dinner-mate he been under thirty instead of over fix Florence would have decided that he w making love to her. i There was a good deal of music later s AN EXPLANATION. ' -.'Father, what does a 'local option' town mean?" ilier.-"A 'local option' town, my son, is one in whicb^one-lialf the ?le have no option whatever; they have to do as the other half saj-." . THE RESULT. Customer.-"I wondered if these amateur photo Taphers didn't hurt your trade. So many folks take snapshots nowadays." ' Photographer.-"They don't hurt us. When a man has his picture taken by an amateur he feels like going right off to a professional to show that it isn't the way he looks."-("Puck.) NO OTHER FAULT TO FIND. Dick.-"Business is business, you know, Cholly." Cholly.-"Ya-as. That's why I object to it, doncherknow!"-("Judge.' A STARTLING PROPOSAL. Miae Beichwalker.-"Ooroe, girla, bere'a a real banter-I dare any of you to go in the water and really bathe."-("Judge.") HE WANTED TO KNOW. -("Judge.' Mrs. McLubberty.-"Murty, dhe docthor say* av yw vrull hov aloliolic stlmylinta, ye should take 'em only wid yure meals." McLubberty (ailing and grouchy).-''Begorra 1 how can a mon be atitf ahl dhe toimet" SELECTIONS FROM AMERICAN COMIC PAPERS. l-^,the night. Someone was playing a heavy l irtillery piece when Mrs. Stevens whispered -?f.- ^ l^01'enco, "Why did you ivear an Empire :-?o;vn, dear'' I've seen you hot tor sui'ed." ?i'v" "Well, it's while, for one reason, and as r,i.I had to have a twenty- six-inch waist,. 1 had i'i,'Put it under my arms. I'm so slight, '."you know." ill" "Did vnu bring anv songs with von?" \^\ "Xo."' *1^. "That's tiirh;. lie would))'; eome near .j-ou if once lie heard you sin^r. Xow. I'll ;end him 'iver t<> beg you to do so. lie 'inn. 1 !)? iiu'ii." i-,l! Roger Pryor was studying the face of -'.he ir! who ind so sweetly declined his i-fc'niiv.i:.!.- tii.i; she should sing. /'v'l " (; iioi 1 ! ioK.]iL-. hut wants ilhmiin.i I ion. '.t jr ve. 'i iVt i":iilt. something niueh brighter i-'.i r :haii the perpetual twilight in t-(S :;.i'se nice average girls live." i 'ice ;unied her long. grey eyes on 11:i'.. iiid noted the scrutiny. Her under .1 Vr made an irritable little movement, her 'j'lou s puckered, her eye* fell to his tie. then . ? . 'J;-opped lower and blinked faint iv at his .'jSianioiid stud-;. Pryor smiliM. averted his . ji ?*tlaiico. and went on musing. "She can"; "U'v. n coquet. An amiable, perfectly cor *; *i'eci. groivn-up child. warranted never t.o ' i ' ''ay or anything line,invent ional." »_J '.J A girl in a maize-silk frock took a position ^n the hearthrug. There wa* much shil'i ij -0 |Ji? of furniture, then rhe maize-clad one \i' -oc;_r.in hi recite "W'Jiat .My Lover Said." "Do you eare for recitations?" asked ' ,i -VYyor. listlessly, when the verses were *? '??.:.'t,'inished. "I hate them, and reciters too. But to one anvthing could be forgiven." I ; "Why?" ' . vi*'' "On account of her eyes. Before dark ? ,/-(> lyes my intellect totters." * .."TVfj Pryor, whose own eyes were of an ordin ..JV-si'v shade of blue, brightened, and for the rest of the evening he and the girl who "never read anything," but who was clever enough to make him talk on everything, sharpened their wits on each other. Two days later he sat a whole afternoon A. G. SLOANE (FITZROY). GEORGE STUCKEY (ESSENDON) THE CAPTAINS. AN ANXIOUS MOMENT : THE RUCK IN SUSPENSE. P. KIERNAN APPEALING. ESSENDON PLAYING ROUND FITZROY GOAL. THE THROW IN. .V<H>RE KICKS KSSKNDOX'P T1IIK1) AND LAST GOAL. COLLINS (ESSENDON) MARKING IN FRONT OF FJTZROY GOAL. NEAR SCORING-BOARD. DECIDING MATCH FOR FOOTBALL PREMIERSHIP: FITZROY V. ESSENDON, ST. KILDA GROUND, SEPTEMBER 24. in the little room where she did her paint- ing, kept her favourite books, her bicycle, and a fox-terrier puppy and its mother. Florence made sketches of his head, and he told her about the galleries of the old world, and they jested a good deal in a feeble, cor- rect way, and talked the flotsam and jetsam current among their clique. Florence was clever, amusing, and cynical. The ! i>l phase l'ryor found immensely enterUiiiiivj. In this girl it was such a proof of inn: ? turity. J'hey met again and again. times the man tried to sound below fha'lmvs of the girl's character, but i like trying lo walk up-hill on gliding so he concluded, finally, that the' uo depths at all. He could aiu.u.-. see Hie bedrock over which : ii' bright girlish nature rippled. And all the time he was studying Lei the giri was doing the like by him, but with more result. She learned, what did not quite surprise her, that the shrine in -which iiad stood lor so many yrars the image of his goddess was empty. There was no trace of the suvoke from the censer that had swung with such persistency before the image. "Now," argued Florence, "a grand pas sion never caste out its idol and censer to leave the shrine empty." She was assured that the dead embers on the altar Btone were to be rekindled, but whether for herself or for Mrs. Lysaght, whom Pryor always re ferred to with a kind of solemnity, or fo; another she knew not. On the rare occasions that the widow' name was mentioned between them a sonii iiiK reverential cama into Pryor's voice , l eyes. There was as well a suggestion tenderness. Such a phase man might , ,,v when speaking of a beloved mother r dead. It fairly puzzled Florence, who ; known Mrs. Lysaght at school; had . vji her for a hard, common-place giri, ; l.nou-n her grown up, and seemingly njr for society, and almost vulgarly vain . r money, for she was an heiress. Those GOING FOR A HIGH MARK. FITZROY TEAM, WINNERS. (Talma and Co., 119 Swanston-street, Photo.) DECIDING MATCH FOR FOOTBALL PREMIERSHIP: FITZROY V. ESSENDON, ST. KILDA GROUND, SEPTEMBER 24. tr ids oi Florence who came into daily con ui. i with the lady when a wife did not mi ...re her. She must have a facet to her I,:!*, m e as fiecret ns it wbb beautiful, and this i,i,..1 she must at some recent time have turned on her late husband's executor. JYyor and Florence used to take long mmfues together, and all that section of >\ii;icy society that has Government-house for the centre of its Bystem watched the "v, noiiig" or "flirtation' with absorbed in tcr. st. During one of these rambles Mrs. L\>,i;rlit's brougham glittered past the pan-. Florence caught the finely-draped widow's affected smile and nicely graduated bnw to the handsome man at her side, and un ned swiftly to note that man's acknow ledgment. Again, that look of reverence in lan' and gesture! 1 wish," said the girl, breaking some minutes' siience, "that you would tell me what you see in Mrs. Lysaght to admire bo much. Other people hardly like her at a:i.v "Perhaps I know something of her that no one else does." "Ah, I thought you must." She sighed, ami her fine grey eyes went misty tor a second. Pryor was surprised, and a good deal meased. "How refreshing," he mused; "she hasn't even depth enough to hid1, the fact tliat she is jealous." Then aloud, and with tenderness, "Won't you take my arm up this steep pinch of road?" The girl took the proffered aid, and pre sently remarked, ' I wonder if it was true that .Mrs. Lysaght didn't care for her hus band. People said she married him "because his position and family were so much better than hers." Pryor's arm fell away from the slight pres sure on it. The girl withdrew her hand, and lie made no effort to regain it. She was looking up into his face with the grice and ignorance of an amiable child that <?oes not know it has given offence. The man replied quite sternly. "How in tolerably vulgar rumour may be! Mrs. Lysaght loved her husband as few men are loved-as few women are capable of loving." lie spoke with passion. 'And yet," returned the girl, "it was understood that Mr. Lysaght was des ln- ately in love with someone else.'' I'rvor struck the ground twice or thrice with his stick, but made no reply. "How cold it has turned," whispered the C:ii, shivering, and they faced Dund for lii une. That afternoon's ramble would have cost riorence Pryor's acquaintance were it not f t two reasons. First, he aBcribfd her re in irks about Mra. Lysaght to jealousy of HIS FIRST BIRD'S NEST. (A. Kilgour, Photo.) himself. He was flattered when he came to review the situation. Second, he was nearly as high as his heart in love with her. The "over head and eara" quality of his first great love could never be reduplicated; but months ago he had decided that the un availing passion which for the last five years had held him with the power of an obses sion should no longer keep him In thrall. Roger was getting well into the thirties; he was weary of dab life; the woman whom he had loved so faithfully, and who had iilted him for a title, had gone with her mother. That more than her marriage had lifted her out of his life. The new love had grown to be a possi bility-now it was a fact. What has the noontide of yesterday to do with the sun dawn of to-day? It was a fervent afternoon in November, full of the smell of mignonette$nd splitting Rl'INS. (Stuart Douglas, Plioto.) greenwood, when Pryor sat in Florence's little studio, and read to her certain transla tions of Italian love sonnets that he had made for that other love years ago. He had told her the tale of his grand passion some weeks since, and she had listened as she was listening now to the reading, her li)«s apart, her cheeks and eyes burning. Pryor laid the last of the written sheets upon a little pile on the girl's knee, and still leaning forward gazed at her. But she stared straight before her, as if hypnotised, until Pryor laughed and bade her "come out of the trance." "They are like the afternoon," she said, with a little catching of her breath, "full of fire, and flowers, and magic. How is it that no woman could ever write like that?" Piyor did not answer for a minute. Then in a dreamy voice, "I know a woman who I think could write like that if her power of poetic expression could equal her prose." "Yes?" queried Florence curiously. He did not seem to hear her, but added in an undertone, "I thought I knew how to put my heart and soul into a letter to a woman, but when I read chat one all I had written seemed so death-cold to the fire in hers!" "I knoiw," said Florence, nodding slightly at him, "I know." "You know," he reiterated, a little puzzled; then, smiling, "Oh, I was not thinking of myself. The letter was not to me." He leant further forward, and clasped her hands. "You dear one, don't waste any more sympathy on me as I was-give it all to me as I am. I love you, Florence. If it were not that I had told you of that old love I would say that I never loved till now. But I feel- what is it, dear! Don't you care for me at all?" She was looking at him quite calmly. "Yes, I care for you a great deal." "And when I teach you, how you will love me!" Pryor was smiling, though he spoke beseechingly. ".Would you still want me if you knew I had loved another man?" Pryor's smile waxed a little. "I should like to meet that other man," he said, "and thank him for wronging himself BO greatly that I might benefit. The girl's calmness was falling away from her. "But if you knew that I loved- that I love yet "Love yet? Ah!" "The man is dead." Pryor made a deprecatory gesture, and tried to take her in his anus. She repelled him gently. "Let me finish," she pleaded. "Would you he satisfied to marry a girl who had cared so deeply-had loved a man so greatly as-as-Mrs. Lysaght for in stance?" Pryor's face went suddenly grave and reverent. Under his eyes came the signs that the widow had noted as proof of strong emotion six months before. His clasp on the girl's hands closed hard, his gaze met her unflinching eyes; "I woiild thank God for the rest of my days that a woman, one capable of such purity and passion should " "Then take me," the <rirl interrupted, "far I was capable of all that, even to ask ing the man I loved to marry me. I wrote that letter, not Mrs. Lysaght." Pryor had slowly loosened his hold on the girl s hands, and leant as far from her as his chair would allow. His face looked A BEE FARM (500 HIVES), BLTTMBRRG, SOUTH AUSTRALIA. (A M. Art)win, a little older, and there was a cold ligi:, in hia eyes. He was going over some the passages in the letter. It was stamp clear and de?p on memory. "You could not have read it ta the end'; i' spoke the girl, softly, "for my name was H full." C*| "No, T did not read to the end. . . J-4 but you ofiered him all your money. . . hi I didn't know " ^ fj| "That I had money? Yes, a fV> thousands in a Victorian bank that failj-it' some months later. . . . Angus Lvsagi ;j was very heavily involved through mining swindle." "Yes, I knew that later." K "He was not to blame, but if he cou;i?4 not clear himself, it would have meant dis grace." He was desperate-and, of cours'; J my poor few thousands would not couf^ much. She was very rich." <!- ? "O, please keep that view in the back ground. Why didn't he take your offeiT"-, All his friends knew that his love was givc^ elsewhere-16 you it seems. Why didri*^ he risk everything-financial dishonour ij>. eluded?" _ "My letter reached him :ifter his engagi-i RICHARD JORDAN, DRAUGHTS CHAMPION". (See "Diaug-Iits.") ment Vo hov lwd been told everywhere by her friends." ,,i , They were silent for a space; then the, £ \ girl said' wearily, "It alters matters1^ \ doesn't it?" » Pryor looked up quickly. '"It certainly *?; ;? alters one's point of view for the moment. £, It doesn't alter the facts that I want yot..-> ; to marry me, and that you've said yes." r He rose, and the girl did the same, and--' * stood close facing him. She was so tall, i thit their lips were almost on a level. Still,>1 : with that passionless light in his eyes he"? <? kissed her. "Go now," said the girl with j faint cynical smile, "and don't see me in for a week. In a man, of course, u gj^is-rand passion is magnificent-in a woman this woman-it must seem to you a little nmodest." d He went away, and Florence gazed after is erect ligure for ;i moment; tnen turned J? nd touk a half-llni.-hed picture from a cup ^»?l«oard, and put it mi an easel. It was a l-f "jt'ortr.-iit of Angus Lysaght, and the artist's ruined on to the palette as she mixed f-- i.V.,ei- colours. 