TURF TOPISS. BY ASMODEUS. Despite the powerful eounter attraction of the Austral Wheel meeting, Mnrlbyrnong held Its own admirably in ilie matter of attend-, auce on Saturday, when Mr. Archie Cox suc cessfully disposed of a well arranged pro gramme. That sinart'filly, Lissndurn. gave a rare exhibition of speed in the Maiden l'late, accounting for the five furlongs In 1 min. 3 see., and -winning by . as many lengths as she pleased. She Is no discredit to Bill ot Portland, ail of whose progeny have, so far, given evidence of the possession of charac teristic family pace. Field Marshal ran so well at Moonee Valley three days previously that many people wore Induced to support him for the Hurdle Knee; still, he was not In sueli good demand as Ilosy Morn, who was asked to give a big lump of weight away to the winner, more than she was able to. Legs was responsible for another disappointment, the sequence of which must have sorely tried his owner's patience. The horse has now failed so repeatedly that It is doubtful whether he Is worth persevering with ai... further. Up to uow he lias certainly proved a most cxpeuslve luxury to Mr. Fred. SI'Evoy. Alva has run so consistently well of late that it was somewhat surprising not to sec him at a shorter price than 8's for the Itiver- slde l'late, whieli he won In the most hollow stylo imaginable, nothing having the ghost of n chance with him. The racing public would be better pleased were Mr. J. N. .M' Ar thur's colors to be seeu more frequently at tbe .winning end. Steepleehasing hnvlug been discontinued for the summer season nt Moonee Valley, Mr. Cox will doubtless follow a similar course at Mnrlbyrnong, where Saturday's contest over the fixed fcuccs was probably the last to be seen there for some months to come. A new and liberally supported candidate was Introduced In Murelilson, who made things particularly warm so long as his condition lasted, but he collapsed after leading over tho Inst fence, and could only finish third to the nuclcut Warrior and Hyena. Warrior, like Tennyson's brook, seems good to run on for ever. Truly, he Is a tvonderul old horse, with legs like bars of steel, lo stand the Incessant pounding to which he has been subjected over all sorts and descriptions of courses, season hi and season out. The Carbine marc, Carevlc, was thought to be sufficiently good to change Mr. S. G. Cook's long run of Ill-luck lu the Itivers- dule I'urse, but the Fates decreed other- wise, and the supposed good thing, backed down to D to -1, had to submit to" a half bead defeat at the bands of the second favorite, Laburnum, whose rhler, J._ Thomas, Is 111 ex cellent whining fprni just how. It'-was left to the 1! 05 wcn-tli Hsiiidieali to -.supply,- the largest and besti/ioM of the afternoon, Nbut numbers andfqnuilty wtjtifor jiii'tjilng in -the estimation ojt those wiio'filiiiied their, faith on John BunyYti.jhbouUwhoinjiotlihig ilettor than 3 to 1 coulaTbe got before Iujju'gelosed their hooks. The favoritej-Fmi-StT badly that some serious error must have been made, and hackers will not again be so eager to get on to him. The once brilliant Brenmis has of late been showing sueli poor form In lu- dltTorcnt company that no heed was given- to Ills chance, hence the ling laid, the satis; faction of winding up the. day . with the much coveted "skinner." -- . The first three rnces run at Randwlck- on Saturday were won by \ tior3es not tin-" kiiowu In this colony — Aboriginal, .Telegraph and Lowland Chief — the Itistiiniiibd belii. the good looking sou of Auttciia ivho unsnc-V cessfully contested sonic of our k-ycnr- old- races during the recent; Spring, campaign; Fielder luvnrlablyjlkes horses ofisonic.slze find substance, nnd In : Lowland Chief bVpos'-' bosses a eolt of more tliuu'ordlnary promise!'. The same may he said of . his.' other young- iters, Cranberry aiid'Hnbet,; sp/tluiuit ik uot .it all unlikely for this trio of ehestiiuts toi supply a smasher- betweeu them,; something with pretensions to clnsslcfortn ncxt seuson. The change from. Fleming! on to .Rnndwick lins exercised a most beneficial: Influence 'on Lho aptly . nnnicd AhorlglunU 'wliose 'secbiid' .v|otory it wns shieo his reiitornt Vtlie, sister 'polony. Being weighted' nt only iq st. 1111)., die cannot coinplnin of the treatment ex- tended to him by the liiiudU''nppor. Tele- jgrnph, who lins had: a most useful career ns a lnuidlcnp horse, still. retains some of the brilliancy lie formerly displayed lu this col ony, n fact which appears to 'have been generally kuown, judging from the degree of market support extended lo liliu. Something constantly keeps cropping up to illroct attention to Mcrloolns's sire, St. Swlthln, whose latest winner Is Sntanettc, who de'- feated n formidable Held In the High Wclsht Welter Handicap, amongst the unsuccessful competitors being sueli well-known perfor mers ns Cabin Boy, Fbartimoud, Arden and Never More, all of whom have performed In this colbuy. Between now nnd the midsummer holidays matters appertaining to (lie turf will he no busier In New South Wales than lu this colony, hut the Imposing budget of handi caps Issued neross tin, lionler Indicates that our neighbors have something to work upon In sizing up probabilities of the npproaeh- lug campaign. The lmtullctipper's tusk bus been of a slupeudotis character, no fewer than 372 allotments having liiul to lie made 111 connection with the Villlers Stakes, Sum mer Chip, Carrlngloii Stakes mid Taltersall's Club Cap. Oban Is now the recognised clinin- plon sprlntca In the sister colony, conse quently, no surprise Is manifested at seeing him nt the head of affairs In the Ylliers and Carrlngtoii Stakes, ho being required to concede weight to such approved fast ones as The Chief, Vivian, Hopscotch, Strathroy and Cabin Boy. By renson of her meritori ous victories In this colony, the smart pony DJin DJIn lins been promoted to The 0 st. and over division. Blair, a horse who failed to shoiv bis true form during Ills recent visit to this colony, rends to me well In tbe VII-. Hers Stakes at 8 St. 12 lb.; he possesses great pace, nnd only requires to reproduce his spring form nt Rr.ndwick In order to prove himself troublesome at midsummer time. Alcmene, at 7 st. 11 lb., is another I would give a chance to: while nt a pound less arc two fair ones In Klrry and Stnud Off, below which the form Is poor, and nothing stick ing out as a likely winner of the Villlers Stakes. The handicaps for the two Chips to ho de- elded nt Itnmlwk-k show Merloolns to be still on top, despite his temporary loss of form. A couple of pounds separate, him from Amberitc — another, horse -who has not been seen' at anytlihig llkp lils hcst-jjhls season; Perhaps Ib'wiijT'eqiilre 'the nutupiixto come round bclure,-tms undoubtedly tnlciflted pair recover tm'irilost lj-gipiat any ratej.lt would look like \mfluly foriTifeHlicin to 'attempt to get them oadyorUe.juldsnninjjfr cam paign. ToniY'iiytoipno-dout-'eiuleavor to knock a raeeontnf-tilarlo'n before he is sent to England, nml provided he can be "uieked," nothing reads to ilie more like the winner of the Summer Cup than the soil of Carbine at S st. S lb. His stable companion, Phillip, may be thought to he equally well in at 7 st. 7 lb.; certain It Is, the histunmed lins never yet been seen lit his best. Both of Mr. H. C. White's horses are lo he preferred to two others sheltered under tho same roof, Sweet Marie and War God, both of which presented a knocked-out appearauco after the Y.K.C. spring meeting. Tnttersnll's Club Cup will he much easier to pick after the Summer Cup bus been decided; but at pre- sent I. like nothing so well ns CIjAIUOX, S st. 5 lb.; l'LUTUS, 7 St. 0 lb., ami LONG FORD, 7 st. 4 lb. This year's spring meeting at Bendlgo gave further manifest proof of the healthy exist ence which the turf is leading at Quartz- opolls, and Wednesday's doings on the well appointed Epsom course compared favorably In every respect wltli the most successful of any previous openings. It was an idenl dny, nnd the attendance, If anything, larger than usual, the metropolitan contribution thereto being of the custouiary substantial order. Alec 'Taylor was very sweet on Marlon's cbnncc for the Initial event,- bnt she only succeeded In squeezing home by n short head from Bruce. As Podarees enrne to grief at the first lot of hurdles the odds laid on Insult were never in doubt, his only other opponent, Sunshade, never giving liiui any trouble. Although there were numerous scratelilngs for the Sandhurst Cup the field numbered It!, with Prince Carbine n slightly better favor ite for money than Locliaber. The Musket eer, Cntspaw, Fltzroy and Moonlyong were all in tbe paddock rendy to start had nny sweep money been forthcoming, hut tlielr respective trainers; acting on their own re-, spoiislbllity, waited In vnln, nnd handed lu the scratching papers nt the last moment allowed for so doing. Ercildounc nnd Bold Boy u pro extremely fractious, ami caused considerable delay. When Mr. ltow eventu ally pulled the lever .the fqyd_rlte;'Frlnce: Car/ blue, got his head In tiie. ropes, and was hopelessly left, lsreildouue, ,()!af, Carrara, Lochnhor- and- Campaign wcroTnost proml- pent during the greatest . portion of the race. Ereildeune led Into the straight, whore Cam paign assumed n -menacing attitude ou the extreme: outside. Presently Locliaber, wlio was, always. lu a good -position, came,: with a determined rush.' and taking the lend nt the dlstauee.'iie 'never niic'-wnrds permitted the 'leJb%1|9iiiit; whining' "as lie liked by iiiree-., lengths: -from ;Tccoma, with Acton a eouplo of 'lengtUs iiwaj'. It. Lewis rode the winner: a 'particularly good race, and re- tcived an ovation on ' ret iirntng to scale. Ji E. Brewer was' laid 1500 sovs. sweep uioney., of ..wiieh .sum .1000 was. understood to'be fprTlie pwiierl.nrid 250 each for Brewer aiid;Iiewi8;r..-.The lucky drawer of Locliaber is" li -resident -of Bcunlln, '.named Abbot. Bay Rose,' the 'fayorlte for Uie'Mliioi's' Flat Race. lield. stieh' n commanding lead on entering the straight that Iter victory sbenietl assured,, but slic faded away- perceptibly on nearing lionie, and ; '.suffered' a neck ''defeat at -..the hands of The Armorer, a 7 to 1 chance- After tho Trot lind been decided, a satisfac tory afternoon's sport terminated 'by Ros common winning the Watson Pinto, for which he started a hot even mouey favor- ite. Although the weather was much wnrmer on the second day of the meeting, It was not hot enough to bo oppressive, and the ending was most favorable, the programme being cnirled out In Us entirety, without hitch or lilmlrauoc of nny description. It was some- what strange for the Hurdle Race to attract the snuio three runners as ou the first day; odds were ngalu laid on Insult, hut Poilnrccs, who fell previously, succeeded In turning the tables on bis adversary. Another hot favo rite hi Bay Rose went down hi Ilie Epsom Handicap, the Mhitier turning up unex pectedly In Tho Doii, who- carried uo stable money. The defeat of the 'much fancied Fltzroy /hi . tiie Bendlgo Handlynp gave backers' nijbthcr nasty knock, yi-t Acton was w ill I J s'u p p a rtV- 2i ttii eis Ltililo cojuiulsslou alone bfhi'ii.jirotty substantial mj'o, and ln- tlpilcd u lij/fov ittp-n-bsent owiiofT Mr. W. T. Jones. liV rnjuiing: second with Kurge, J. E. Brewer very 'nearly pulled off the big double. Bullutellii's defeat of Slrlus lu the I Steeplechase was a repetition of their race j at Cnulfield, the last named simply cantering over his opponent to the distance, when he shut up In a most extraordinary manner, rc- j fusing to try n yard. Tlio Jumpers' Flat | ltaee produced a grand finish between four, I who were only separated by heads. Missing i Link, tho winner, was only casually sup- ported. There was another close finish bc- Twoen Dousterswlrel, Marino and Fleuretto for tho Wetter Mile Handicap, for wlileh the /first mimed was well backed at good odds, j As Mr. J; .Heffemnii laid previously taken Ilie Steepleeliase wltli lijullntelln, the local owner thus experienced a -good Uiiy.- 