SEA. TBA&EDY.; 'M -MURDEROUS COOK. ' ? RECOUNTS HIS DOINGS. , A despatch, from 'Newport News,' Va., November 5, is as follows: — JThe UJ3.S. Lancaster dropped anchor in 'Hampton, Roads this morning from Bahia, Brazil, in military confinement on, the ?warship ire five men of the crew of the jschooner Olive Pecker, whose cap tain, J. W. Whitman, of Rocldand, Me., and first mate Wm. Saunders, . of Sandy Cove, N.S., were murdered at sea in August lasts In the ship's brig closely confined 13 Jos. Ander son, the schooner s cook, who is the 8elf-coniessed perpetrator of the murders, and who afterwards set fire to the vessel. The Olive Pecker , , sailed from Boston 27th June with a cargo of lumber for Bahia, and the story of this tragedy of the . Bea is told best in the words of the ? murderer, who to-night gave to the ? Associated Press the following yer abn of his crime : — 'I was put aboard the Olive Pecker, a two-masted schooner from Boston to Bahia, and had to serve the captain as his servant. I had good reason to believe that the captain did not take to me, and I vas always in fear of my life when ,. ever he got into his mad fits. He had a dog which was always coming into the cook- house and annoying me. On the day of our little dif ficulty the animal came inside, and I threw a boiler of hot water on ,: him. Well, he howled, and the next thing I knew the captain was ' coming for me. I went to his cabin, and he commenced cursing me, tell ing me that this sort of thing had , to stop. I did not say anything to him, and he ordered me into his cabin to make up his bed. This Was in the morning. 'I made up his bed, and he order ed me out with, a volley of oaths. I ?saw he was in mean humor, and de termined to arm myself against /him. I knew .the captain had Borne pistols in his cabin, and I 'went back to get one of them. Just as soon as I entered the captain ;fired a beer bottle at ine, and seeing ?that I dodged it he picked up a pistol from the table and sent a ball in my direction. I had got my nana on a weapon wnicn was lying .on the corner of his table, and, of course I opened fire on the rascal. My first bullet took effect in his forehead, and the second one went into his breast, Trilling him almost ?instantly. I then went upon deck, called to the mate, who waa in the fore rigging. . 'He shouted down to me, asking what I wanted. I told him to come down, that the captain' wanted him in the cabin. He started down, and 'when he reached the deck I went for him. He was an old fellow, with '?ffhiskers, and I felt like smashing irim with my fist. He looked at me as if to inquire my authority to order him about, and I levelled the /Weapon' at his old bewhiskered head, .Baying at the same time, 'Now, die like the dog you are.' With that I '{railed the trigger, and. the mate dropped to the deck, rolling to the port side of the ship. , 'I then went down into the cabin, thinking I would be able to take the ship vmyself . I saw that' the cap tain was a ghost, and I came upou deck again. The mate was groan ing, and I felt it my duty to put him. out of his misery. One more ..shot did the act. I secured the cap tain's other pistol, and after giving the mate a second bullet, I started toward the crew, who were aft, with ft pistol in each hand, and gave them to understand that I was to .be master of the Olive Pecker, and .that the first man who undertook to disobey my orders would have to suffer the cotosequences. They carried out my commands without; a murmur. ? , , 'I first ordered them to/thro1^ the mate's body overboard, and ! then we went down into the' cabjta i and brought up tha captain's corpse, i disposing of it in.like..inanner. Next ; I ordered the men to. get -out the j oil and saturate the. whole -vessel ! fore and aft, in such a manner that ; die would burn up like — -— . They ?did that and, nasd then we got, our :bdongings and prepared, to take to the boats after setting 'fire to the old ship. My chum and I went down in one of the boats 'while the other four men took to another. They pulled off in a different direc tion from us, and we never saw them again until we met in prison in Bahia. They must have peached on us, for no sooner Lad we land rl from the ship we had taken than the officers placed us under arrest and sent us to Baiia, 'The Pecker was one month wvt from Boston, and was within two days of Bahia. when all this hap pened. She vas a two-mastsd schooner, and started out with a crew of eight.' . ' This statement was sent ashove iy an officer of marines. The officer stated that when the men were thrown into prison at Bahia, the United States consul at that, port ommunicated with the Navy' 'le -artment at Wasldngton contriv ing the arrest of the murderer at d his accomplices, and received m Btructions to place them aboi.3 tlie cruiser Lancaster, -which at the time was several hundred' -roles south of Bahia, and which would be ordered to that port as soon as pos1 sible. The seamen remained in- the old prison at Bahia four weeks be fore the arrival of the Lancaster. -??'?./ ' ?? * - . * VThen the men «..'?-? e?vX sl-oard the cruiser they totg found to be so filthy and poorly clad that it was necessary to give them baths and new wearing apparel. The cook was ordered in irons, and the re mainder of the unfortunate crew were placed in military confinement. The five sailors are under the im pression that they are being held as witnesses against the cook, and will be expected to testify that lie mur dered the- captain and mate. It is more than, probable, however, that they 'will not only, be used as wit nesses against 'the murderer; ^but will be held and. convicted on the charge of firing a ship' on the high seas. The other five men of the Olive Pecker's crew are William Horsburg, Aiidrew'F. March, John Lend, Manuel Barriat, and M. Bar stad..% ? 