LATE GENERAL NEWS. Sir E. Braddon, during a debate in the Legisla tive Assembly, Hobarb, said that no steps would be taken to make the permanent appointment of an Agent- General, pending the settlement of the question of Federation, which,' he thought, would be decided during the next three months. As an ardent Federalist, Mr. Tavernor, the Vic torian Minister of Agriculture (who is now in Hyduey), is mv.urally gratified at tho impetus whioh is being given to tho uiovoment in New South Wales. Many of the amendments tbab tho Government has proposed, he Bays, are in harmony with the public opinion in Viccoria. Mr. Tavernor hopes to see Federation now steadily progress until union shall bo achieved. In regard to tho capital of tlio Commonwealth, he thinks, personally, that New South Wales has unquestioned claims to have bhe seat of Government within its territory. Speak ing off-band, he fancies that as good a locality ub 'any would be Mobb Vale. For Mobs Vole haB advantages in olimate, in accessibility to both Mel bourne and Sydney, and in tho direct and speedy railway communication that u trunk line would afford to all the big centres on the continent. t During the paBt 10 days a 'ghost' has been promenading the outskirts of Bendigo, much to tho terror of tho womenfolk j bub effoiba to capture tho perpetrator of tho Boaro have been unsuccessful, One evening the contents of a shot-gun wero dis charged at the jekist, apparently without doing any damage, and a couple off evenings later a pluoky young woman throw a stcno ab him, and bho ' ghost' retaliated by brutally sbriking her in the face with his fiut. About 2 o'clock on Saturday morning a tramway employe saw a figure in white staring at him from behind a fence. Tho omplojtj was armed with a revolver, bub was boo frightened to U3o it. Mr. William Harris, dairyman of West Dapto, has had his certificate of registration cancelled by the Board of Health becauso of his refusal to subject hid cittle to bhe tuberculin teat, and to have his promises fumigated. The local authorities consider that the Board of Health has nob power tj impose tbo conditions specified. ComplaintB regarding the dairy regulations imposed by tho Board have been mado in every milk-produoiug centre of the colony, Mr. John Hoadiick, of Headriok and Co., mer chants, owners of bho Kent Brewery, Rookhampton, died on Friday night. He was a very popular well known amateur rider and owner of ruoehoraes. While practising on bho cycle track at Port Elizabeth, R. Boyd, winner of the 25-miloa cyole championship, oollided with a fallen rider, and came down a feurful oroppor, smashing his face and knooked him senBolesB. The aejident was seriouB. Nearly £2000 has boon promised towards paying off the debt of, £7250 6n St. Andrew's Cathedru), Sydney, and, under tbo leadership of Lady Hampdon several ladies havo divided tbo city into districts, and will collect contributions towards thiB objeot. An apparently rich goldfield has been didCDvered in Eastern Manchuria. Just a yuar ago, travellers having bowls full of gold become tolerably frequent visitors at tho small inna in the diBtriot. They proved to be farmers and labourers who had dis covered gold in bho valley in tho neighbourhood. A rush was made to the place, and it was found on the western slopo of a hill traversed by a small ntteam whioh disclosed along its banks, u substratum of richly uunferous soil. Very soon 2000 diggero were ..working. A young man named Jas. Fishor, son of Mr. Win. Fisher, J.P., of Elloralie, Warri, while playing foot ball at Grong Grong, near Wagga, last Saturday, slippod in jumping to make a ' mark' and broke his log in two places below thoknoe. Mortification seb in, and tho leg wus amputated, but Fisher died ou Thursday, After a oow had boon, slaughtered at bho Globe Island Abattoirs on Friday, u freuU: of nature was broughb bo light in tho shape of a calf with two heads and duplicate tails. Tho animal was in a fine Btato of developoment, und in all probability would have beon born alivo within a fortnight. Sti.ps have boon taken' for its preservation. Tho committeo appointed ' by tho Australian Oriokob Council to doal witli tho soloction of tho next Australian Eleven baa recommended that bhe players in each colony who have taken patt iu ono or more boat matches of last season shall appoint one of tliem to represent BUoh colony on tho a-leo- tiou committdu, the manager; bo be soloatod by a minimum of seven players j bho selection of tlio manager to be submitted to the oounoil for approval. The players bo take part in this auloctiou aro to bo elooted boforo January 1, 1800. Fuiicy bhe mystic Nile as an advertising medium, yeb ho ib is j aud Isis, Hor, und Oairis may shortly read booming placards poBtod on the walldof Khar t mm. A private letter lately reooivod from tho Atbara camp by a gentleman of Sydney mentions, amocg other thing*, tho following as tbo latest go ahend development nt busineBB : ' Tommy Atkins,' yos, und somo of Tommy's ofllunrs, curry in their kit Bpooial placards from a manufacturer of a certain brand of soup extolling tho virtues of his invalu able Boap, with au ivnnouncomeut taut on« tuoiiBanu pounds Will be paid to the men llrfat affixing ono on the walla of Khartoum, This reward, in addition maybe to the V.O., will relievo tho latter holdor from the necessity of appearing at music hulls, like Piper Fiadlater, to supplement his meagre pension. Tho DltvIbIi, liko tho West Australian, don'C wash much except iu sand, but this thousand pound ad. will pay u big dividend for all that. Hero is tho latoBb pnekut-pioking etary from Sydney i— At a recent Sydnoy pony raoo meeting an affitblo stranger drifted into conversation with mo, and descuntod, amongst other things, upon tho pookot-pluking industry, ? Seo that man with the red moUBtuuliuP Stuart'jsb hand at the game iu Australiu; why, if ho were ovor to go to heaven ho'd pick Putor'a pookot of tho keys. Whon you eon htm about you uliould do like mo — put your hand on your money pocket, nnd keep it there. You won't oomo down to the piiddouk t Ah, well, good-bye.' For an hour after this I kopt my hand on my money and my oyo on tlus rcd'iuoustauhcd man, who vvas also evidently wutohing mo, for though 1 edged away fiom him, ho ultvayu doomed to bo noar. Thon I met a friond, and pointed out tho 'smartest hand in Australia.' ' Why,' ho said, 'that's Detective B,, I know him well. Como, and I'll introduce you.' Tho D, listened to my frionds yarn, nnd nsltod mo \i my money wan imfo, nu bo knew the man I had been talking to. Au I hud kopt my hand on ib for tho lust, hour, I assured him that Kfis nil right, and asked him to irrigato, bub whon I plunked down my sov. on tho bur thero was a painful flilonou — it waa u halfpenny 1 So woro the other throe, and my ticket, hud scribbled on ib ' koep your ejo on thu red mouutachod man,' ' i A man named. William Lee wbb robbed and violently aseanlted in a etrtet of Melbourne last : night. Arthur Stray, aged 42, whom over-indulgence in? drink had ruined, committed suicide at Melbourne on Saturday. Tbo Government Geologist is of opinion that a valuable deep lead will bu found in the Murray channel, nenr Albury. A youth named Charles Bruehan, 1G, blindmaker, residing at Redfern, while gathering wild flowers at Konnington on Saturday afternoon, wsb woundetj in tho upper part of the left thigh by a bullet from ft pea rifle. He was unable to find the peraon who fired the shot. He was taken to the Sydney Hospital, where Dr. Bowkcr extracted the bullet. The crops sown in virgin land around Albury are growing marvellously. Varlny, one of the Trial Bay escapees, has been traced to Grsf bon, bub has nob yet beon capbured. Among bhe passengers from San Francisco by bbo R.M.S. Mariposa, which arrived in Sydnoy on - Saturday, was Captain tho Hon. Thoma3 Walter Brand, eldest son of his Excellency Lord Hampdon He belongs to the lObh Royal Hussara and was re cently gazetted extra A.D.C. to the Governor. ? On Saturday night two brothers named Alfred , Lloyd, aged 10, and Jpbn Edward Lloyd, aged 28, employed by the Municipal Council of Redfera as street scavengers, were following their occupa tion in tho main road of the borough when they were set upon by n band of larrikins and brutally assaulted. The affair happened shortly beforj 11 - o'clock. Both men were engaged .at the time in sweeping the gutters. Alfred Lloyd, without having given the slightest provocation, was flrBt struck in the head by one of tlio gang. His brother went to his assistance, and both men wero then knocked down brutally and kicked about tho bead and body. Senior- constablo Burlto and Constable Walker arrived on the BCuno, and wero able, from tho description given, to effect an arrest. In the meantime tho injured men wero conveyed to Prince Alfred Hospital, and both were admitted by Dr. Lipscomb for treatment. Alfred Lloyd, in addition to external injuries, was found to bo suffering from concussion of tho brain, and was seized several times with fits. On Saturday Mr. J. W. S. Lucas, as solicitor for Mr. J. P. T. Caulfleld, issued a writ claiming £3000 tiamagea from John Norbon for an alleged libel published in T?'ii(7t. Personal service of kho writ was effected on Alderman Norton on Saturday afternoon in Pitt-street. Sir J. P. Abbott holds tho second longest record : as Speaker of N.8.W. Assembly; Mr. Arnold acted from '65 to '75, Sir Wigram Allen from '75 to '82, and Mr. Abhotb from '90. 'These three A'a ruled moro than half of bho whole time of responsible ' government. Archdeacon Moxon has received from the Rev, R- Winterbotham— who was one of tho earliest of the Grufbon clergy, and who is now in Scotland — word of the despatch from England of a memorial brass, to be placed in the Uabhedral in honour of tho memory of Dr. Sawyer, first Bishop of Grafbon and Armidnle. ThiB kindly work has been undertaken, we beliove, by friends of bhe lamented Bishop, whose grave in the Grattoa cemetery is sadly in need of repair and attention. Built originally of soft looal sandstone, ibis rapidly crumbling awny, and the Cathedral council at its. lasb meeting decided to bake immediate steps ro ,. place it in a proper state of repair. About £6 is in hand towards tho completion of this work, ' In December, 1870, Mr. Edmund Burton played in the first Intercolonial Universiby criokeb match, and rowed in tho first; Intercolonial Univernity boat race. Ho was on bhe vanquished sido in each contest. And ho has beon maintaining hia record over ainoo. The tureo principal charitable institutions of Ballarab havo each received a big windfall quite unexpectedly. Somo days ago an elderly man named Harvey was found in a weakly condition, suffering from an incurable complaint. Ho lived Alone, and his habits woro misorly. The police u» «vw vw i**. + imu £j\/ iv/i uto ivuujidoiuu uu flit? UVOUIini t but the medical officora at the instibution refused bo admit Harvey, as his complaint whs chronic. , The polico noticed pieoes of soiled paper tied around Harvey's leg, and thene, on boing examined, proved to be Union Bank of Australia deposit re- . . : ceipta for ovor £900. Horvoy, who died on Friday ' ni|{ht, made hia will, bequeathing £300 caoh to the hospital (to which institution ho had been refused admission), tho Benevolent Asylum, and tho Orphan Asylum. Hia cottago he lefb to a neighbouring woman, who was very kind to him during his ill ness, and he hlso made provision for the] payment of £50 each to tho doctor and policeman, whom ho appointed executors in his estate. . Tho accuracy of. aomo of bho London papers in regard to Australian matters is nob remarkable. The London Daily Chronicle, referring to tho Now South Wales general election, bwo days after that; evoct Bays that Mr. B. R. Wise defeated tbe Minister of Justico ab Singleton. It adds that Mr. Wise iB bho late Sir Henry Parkoa'llberary executor.. . . Most of tho London papers referring bo bho New South Wales elections assumed that thoOppoaitii n were Federalists and tho Ministerialists antiForler aliBts. Thus bho local misrepresentation travelled far. Sir Honry Parkea was tho firnb journaliefc to' secure a portfolio in Now Soubh Walos, Tho labe. ? Mr. Ihos. Gnrrotb was tho noxt. Mr. Hogu* is tiho third to achieve that distinction in tho Legis lative Assembly. Dr. Garran, in tho Council, U a. Ministor without portfolio, na Vioii- President ot bho Executive Council. Many occasional uot bributora to tbo preaa1 havo been members of ministries. - Disraeli know thab people havo a tendenoy to bliimo tho Government for everything tbab goos wrong. Ho onao said bhab no English Government could survivo three bad harvestB. Tho authorities of tho Paris Exhibition of 1000 only purpose to granb the colonies a space of 11,000 ' for tho display of tbuir product*, and an this would ' \ soarcely Buffioe to permit of a hint being given of Australia's mineral wealth alone tho cplonics are nob going wild with enthusiasm ovur the show.. / Aneffort, however, is to be made b- secure 'more spneo. ' jrrom t-.jaeonRin.na comes r.no following story,, whioh takos its point from tho fact that horses or oabtlo crossing any of bho 'zono' lines must bo dipped in oil to destroy any tides whioh they might carry. Tho parish priest, a oecond Father Tom Loftus, tells tho etoiy of how ho soorod heavily ar-aiuBt tho Methodiab paraon in bho eamo township. Tho parson had crossed tlio demarcation lino with oub having his horBo duly grtased, und ho was sum moned accordingly and flnnd. Tha rov. father, ? meeting him Bhortly afterwards, said, 'Well, Misther Wesley, auro yo've bin dodgiu' tho divil for tho lash throo yeais in thiB parish to mo own knowledgo, and ynb yo oan't dodge a common biok inspector. I'm ashamod of yo,' ' 