? ' 44 "So ^you actoftUy betitetmtm. ghoats ?" r®i nttkedCharli e BeaverS;iis6B«og3jrtw«ly,with an iffiOBnt of flippancy im hf8Sto#e,*a*&' ans*wtB©d unite on his rather boyiate$ace,;tc*iU8'elder aad nare seriate friend Sohert ? Border,.^ they sat iegathetin tbe former'sajmfectaMebachelor !ooms<nte i evening towards^tthefdoseWfthe last nonth of the year, discussing* aohoice blend of vhiftky (jttdicioualy commingled withpotass), blowing curly bluotfwreaths fromunimisachable cigars. am bound*tobelieve£iu them," replied the ither ia all seriousness. " What ? Do'you meairtto say that you bare eea one ?'' ""Decidedly msy^sayl almost owe ray rife-bo a SpooK." "€ome, I Bwff old^man, draw it a^ittle nildP '«Ilfctelfcyou the story/if youlike. Bat.mind, ! very rarely mentiotKthetsubject. I» don't care ibout it talked about«ny<whereand every where. >tfou*understand?" ""Perfectly,'" said f Charlie, alheagemess for the recital. " Go afeead, HI be as mum as »-a-a what'sits name*" "'Well, you nauBb fkooir , before I secured ;throaghitbei«flaenc»iof my/fathar-ia-lawj my presentposition as«. manager ofJthe-bank here, [• was pressing the calli»gofan;««oouatant in Sarchester. After three yeare'hard labour I iwganito feel myrfeet andfthinkiJ might venture to aska certain - yeungdady toashare myfuturc lot. I wastolerahlysueethat I should meet with no xeboffifrom my .darling, bat there wee a stern parent-to be reekonedwith. " I had made the acquaintance of Mr. Matthew T'urnover^bead' of"the respecteditand old crusted banking-house «of'Turnover Brothers,and CheckweH, througbsordinary business intercourse, and we became in time on quite intimate terms. I frequently spent my Sundays at his charming residence inytbe park. He had-aa only daughter, clDleanor. The rest you will readily understand. Well, I pat the momentous question to the * dear girl and achieved the success I plead; guilty to have been vaintenoughto> anticipate. "Then followed the inevitable interview with papa. He evinced*no surprise when 1 told him my tale, as many 1 fathers do after being themselves the priuti'moten in bringing two impressionable yonngipeople&ogether.; He was straightforward enough. 'Told me, although he had ^certainly oherisbedaioreaittbitious views forfhisoaly-child,, it twas-aot his intention'te try to, enforceihis&kaasuftthey; wer« likely to interfere with his daughter's happiness. Still, he was bound to consider the important queslion of ways and means, aud though he admitted I had mode rapid-and• substantia] progress-in* my profession—if psueh it could be called—he at the same thrwl did'not coasidei the income I'wasith^«MHHBg^ufEiciently=hirge to justify iiHt- mtakmg upon.; myself the responsibility ofia*wi fe • a IKI:; prohoiricrc o»ti ngeacies, " He weandtup bysaymg>: " ' Although rE^Kcar, as »you know, is an only child, she- 1 will not materially benefit through mcron her marriage, as ifc*is cay fixed intention to withdraw no sum.of consequence from the baak. My share ofSthaprofits—except so much of it as'I require wto liveupon— remains in the ccnjcenntantil my< time comes foi quitting this world, then, of course, Eleanoi [will inherit whafc'I sisall'leaveibehind tne. Bat, God be thanked, I amswelfcand.hearty, and m&j; reasonably look forward tovten or fifteen years longer of-usefuMife. My advice ^therefore to you, is go-on working as-you bare ? done hitherto, and, in three years say, you can broach ithe subject again, and if 'filly should be still is [the same mind regardingfyourself, why we may :perhaps see if matters cannot be arranged. In (the meantime, there will-be—at all events oo ray part—no difference in our friendship; there's my hand»upon it.' " You may guess Ldid not feel extravagantly jubilant over the arrangement. Three years seemed an awful long time to wait. But I ha:l (the fullest faith in Eleanor's constancy. However, I will get on to the finish; I don't wish to bore you with too many personal details. " About eight months had gone by, wben one day ia the middle of December, Mr. Turnover hastily entered my unpretentious office. The old gentleman appeared greatly agitated, and it was some momeuts after being seated that he was able to speak. " I anxiously inquired if he were ill, or was anything wrong at home P «' ' No—no one ill,' he said, slowly. • The bank has been robbed.' " ' Bobbed !' I exclaimed. * Phew ! Hare the thieves been caught ?' " ' You don't understand. The robbery is from inside. The chief cashier.' " 'What ! Bradley I cried, in the greatest astonishment. " The peccant cashier was aSunday school! lea er, regular chapel-goer, and I don't know what besides. j "'Ay 1 The smooth- tongued hypocrite,1 said Mr. Turnover, with considerable emphasisi ' Aud he's got a good twenty-faor l»ur«' ! rtWfte He was away on short leave.' ! " 'WhatSs the amount T I rtkea. " ' A very considto?iblo itrnr fonofomrftiWIl securities Txnforftrna,^, ffitflfttog tftMMj trim f |f I wait yea te cone to the bank! Md>go threqgfr the books—his beoks, yon know >—VtCKpodHiooely^as possible. We wish to keep tifo sSair secret—that is, as long as possible. Wilfryou come ?' L "'Aud Mr. Turnover regarded me anxiously, i;'' « <^Then thvnking, perhaps, I seemed to hesitAta, he added, significantly, ' It may be worth year white.' < "'lam at your service, Mr. Turnover,' I instantly replied. ,- When do yoa wish me to begin ?' ? •» • To- night. Are you willing to work late ? J mean,in fact,all night if necessary t Will you [do me this favour ?' i " * You may command me in any way you llike, Mr. Turnover,' I said. Truth to tell, an idea flasbed across my mind that I might decide ito ask a favour of htm -<n return after tbo present annoying business was over and dono with. | " My future father in-law rose from bis seat, saying: ! « » l am very pleased yoa have consented tq help -me so, readily, because we can rely upon Sonrtiaserefcion and absolute silence.' I bowrd. T " ' Then meet me in Duke-street, by the losmopalitan Hotel, at six sharp, and we will o.to the bank together.' '«I was at the* place' appointed just as th* •st stroke ef the hour rang out on the cl«ai frosty air, and was almost immediately joined by MLr. Turnover. " As soon as we were seated in the bank parr Mr. Turnover handed me a letter, remarking at the missing Bradley had caused it to be ivered in & somewhat mysterious manner. « When I read the note Mr. Turnover askrd igj^©pink>n of it. I said : 'She fellow is cool certainly,but I infer from i what hq^rites—if it is the truth, of course— that tihere has been no systematic embezzlement goiug fomard for some time ; that, in fact, he ,commuted the theft in a sudden fit of tempta^ tion. I see he mentions sixty-eight thousand." i "'Yes,.that is quite enough without the ; probability of more having to be added to it. I trust your surmise will turn out correct. Let uu | get to work without dehiy.' i " We worked unremittingly till ten, failing to discover any defalcations beyond tfiose already known.!; This was so far satisfactory that Mr. Turnover confessed he felt much relieved and suggested an adjournment 46 a neighbouring firsO-class hotel—his clnb being too far »w»y—torecruit exhausted nature. " We were let oot by the fa*ak caretaker through a small side door, and told him to remain, up tilf we returned. " Having done justice to an exoellent little cold soack, washed down by a bottle of very excellent pott, I told my companion there was jno need whatever for him te go back to the (blink wit& m* as I conld do weU enough with- Ottt him—at-nll events for the remainder of that He asseoted^fing me>not to stay very 3ate. i "^When I j,gat to<the,4>aatrl I set to my task with renewed vigour, t^ffl failing te discover extended ewiMrce of guilt in the absconding cashier^s book. By ^ttiis time, althaogh the night was cold ootside, the room I was working in began, by reaeen of the many gas jets burnling, to grow uncomfortably warm. I began to feel drowsy, aad at a quarter-past twelve by ithe smalt clock on the mantelpiece, I dropped intn afbioTitrng easy chair, and felt extremely Shfee^roppiog-asiwell into a prolonged doze, but *s I bad no intention that way, I struggled against th&iaclination; by raising my heavy eyelids at freqmnt intervals, i " I heard a neighbouring church clock boom forth the midnight hour, and, opening my e.ves, |was jn8t on the point of rising from my comfortaible position with the-intention of resuming work for auother half hour, when I saw something that deterred me ; kept me, in fact, spellbound in my seat. There,right before me a few yards away, appeared the spectral form of Westcott Bradley, the def.ulting cashier. " There was a sad—I might almost describe it as a chastened look on the ghastly f»Cts as though the spirit was experiencing profound (contrition for some misdeed the body had comjmitted during life. : " I once more closed my eyes, thinking that jwhen I looked again the thing would have vanished. But no! There was the shadowy figure commencing to retreat slowly backwards, its transparent aim raised, the fleshless hand with its bony fingers beckoning me to follow. It reminded me of Hamlet and the ghost on tie castle ramparts, only I assure you I felt; precious little like the impetnous Prince ; I irequired ne* hold lag back. I tried to speLk, fbut-the wonie i framed with my dry lips were jitmadible even to mysilf. A* soon as the shade reached the open door leading into the main iroom, I arose mechanically as though impelled foysame nnseeapewec, and went with bated breath after the etiil slowly retreatiog appari- It continued to wawe its ghostly hand the massive iron door which lsd to the lit befow, Where the bullion and securities tqrets&feBiorjcaCfeariitiong; rooms, figure fh ffc» orttedte msBner. Bat • oe barriec easbier. of saguisfi Mttarai^kiie than to ay be* Iroi?.f mm. l'MPHHjfiDi liewd ttn work was, OC OMKH, nuref fHii i|i—(MU IMI((| suaaoned tiie earettker«to let ate oot, impact* ing rnokbmg whatever to ten regiwUhi^ Btraoge experience I had jusb^goee timmgh. " Next marnrag I called upaa Mr. Tacaovei^ bef«re4ie taffcbome, and rr rnnnlriliTri liiai wlmrj had takon«pbee<iMiU8 bank the nigItt lM!fo«, I was not ia ttie least surprised at my •tary1xt> ing rece«ved«with a smile of inarednlity. • • " ' My dear Forder,' said the wortl^jr, bat on: believing banker, ' you, ef coarse, fell askepin tiw chair and dreamed all this.' ^ " 4 Nothing of the kind, I assure you, Mr. Turnover,' l aaswered, warmly, i ^Still. the old gentleman remained unconvinced. " 'Remember,'be went on baateringly ( * yoa had partaken of supper and wine—generous old port ? ' " However, to bring my story within reason* able bounds, I will just say that by tbe-time we had arrived at the bank I had almost convinced Mr. Turnover that I had seen the ghost of bis delinquent servant ; aud he agreed, at my re> quest, that we should visit the v<tult together, ' though surely,' observed he, ' you don't expect to encounter your sad-faeed Spook again, so early in the day ? ' " When we had got down below and turned up the gas, Mr. Turnover proceeded to open two large upright safes standing against the wall. " ' Everything seems as usual,* he remarked, after surveying the interiors. ' Your spirit evidently had no particular tale to unfold, even if you had bteu ubie to accompany him here last aigbt,' " ' Why did it beckon to me so earnestly in this direction P' I remarked. * Bj the way,' I added quickly, as 119 sceptical companion went about securing the safes again, * what of the big oncrever there to the left; aren't you going t» open that ?' " ' Ob,' he answered carelessly, ' that is an old one not in use ; has not been opened, I should say,for several years. It is empty.' " 'I suppose there is no objection to me having a peep inside ?' " ' Not the slightest. There is the key on the wall tbere!' " I handed it to him, and he at once inserted it in the lock, while I staod by ready to pull the massive door aside. " 'Dear me,' remarked Mr. Turnover, in surprise, as the wards worked qaite easily, ' I certainly expected tome difficulty.' " I pulled at the heavy door, which swung quite smoothly, just as it it bad been opened daily with the other*. " The next moment aa exclamation of horrified surprise fell from the banker'sJips, as he started back several paces from before the front of the safe. " I instantly spraqg forward from behind the ponderous door, aadlollowed the 'direction of my father-in-law's dilated eyea. " Well might the old gentleman be strongly affected " There, on tbe circumscribed space af the floor of the safe, lay the huddled figure «f a man. His face was distorted and horrible to look upon Tbe staring eyeballs and protruding tongue showed how he had met a horrible death by suffocation. " ' Bradley !' " I exclaimed, as soon as X caul d find breath enough. " ' Yes, it is Westcott Bradley,' said Mr. Turnover, iu a lowly, bosky whisper. " Tbere was no doubt about it. The sicken* iag spectacle upon which he gazed constituted the mortal remains of the man who had betrayed the trust reposed in him by ;bis employers. Wben the body came to be removed to a place to await the Coroner's inquiry, several strong bulky leather pocket-books containing the proceeds intact of tbe cashier's appropriations were discovered. 80 the bank really lost nothing, and I gained a loving wife a good deal sooner than 1 should otherwise have done. Mr. Turnover was kind eaough to say that,as I had been the means of recovering the bank's missing securities, I ought to have my reward. I got it, and have never regretted for a single moment taking it. Nothing much was elicited at the inquest except tbe information that tbe lock of tbe dis-used strong room worked spring wise, and it was conjectured that Bradley, who had evidently been using tbe safe for his own purposes, had opened the goer, then hung up the key in its accustomed place, 1 gone inside, and in a moment of forgetfuhtens let tbe door come on the spring, and so made the receptacle for concealing his plnnder his living 