WIT AND HUMOURi This is what a Russian proverb has to say on woman's rights: "If you be a cock, crow; if a hen, lay eggs." Visitor, in restaurant at the Zoological Gardens (commandingly): "I say,. waiter, when do they feed the a,':,als ?" Waiter : "Excuse me, sir, wha, have you ordered ?" A French gentleman, who had heard rum called spirits, went into'an hotel and called for a glass of punch, requesting that it should be made of "ghost from the Vest Indies." She: " Why does that piano sound first loud and then soft when your sister plays it?" He : " Well, you see, she is learning to ride a bike, and uses the pedals alternately from force of habit." Papa: "So Emily now stands at the head of her class in French ?" Mamma : " Yes. She and another girl were exactly even in the written examinations, but it was decided that Emily shrugged her shoulders the more correctly." The following extremely novel adver tisement lately appeared in a Fench pro 'vincial newspaper : -"For Sale : One monkey, two poodle dogs, and a parrot: The owner, Mademoiselle L.;?being about 'otinarry, has"i n 'fiirtlihf'us"i for thiese animals." In a certain country Court-room one day there had been such a chattering among the spectators that the judge ex claimed : "Silence ! Usher,-let us have decorum in court !" The officer, a native of the Emera'd Isle, at once rushed to the door, calling out: "Richard Orum 1 Richard Ornm !" It was some time.before '" decorum" was secured. N. P. Willis, the American writer, was usually the life of the company he hap pened to be in. His repartee at Mrs Gales's dinner in Washington is famous. Mrs Gales wrote on a card to her niece, at the other end of the table: "Don't flirt so with Nat Willis." She herself was talking vivaciously to a Mr Campbell. Willis wrote the niece's reply: "Dear aunt, don't attempt my young feelings to trammel, Nor strain at a Nat while you swallow a Campbell !" Best Suggestion Yet.- She (at the theatre): " So you don't like that hat just in front of us ? How would you like it' trimmed ?" He (savagely) : "With a lawn mower !' And Bobby Naturally Agreed.--Visi tor : " Whom do you take after, Bobby -your papa or your mamma ?" Bobby Craggs: "That depends. When Aunt Sarah's here ma says I take after her folk; and when Uncle James Craggs is here ma says I'm a regular Craggs. They're both rich." Irrepressible in Every Way.-B.: "1 My dear boy, how did you manage to cut your face like that?" J.: " Well, you see, I can't stand a barber's chatter, so I hired a dumb one to come in and shave me every morning." B.: " And he didn't know how to shave-eh?" J. 1' Oh, yes; he could shave all right, but lie persisted in talking to me on his fin gers all the while !" Not Overwhelmed by the Honor. A Scotch hotelkeeper, at whose house Tennyson had stayed, was asked: "Do you ken who you had wi' you t'other night ?" "Na," was the hotelkeeper's reply; " but he was a pleesant shentle man." "It was Tennyson the ??? t"An' wha' may hes· .writer of. verses, 'sich? asy s" e P:ei t"t papers 1"" "Noo, to think o' that ! Jeest a pooblic writer, and I gied him ma best bedroom!" -Cloth and Brush. -A venerable and pompous bishop was having his portrait ypainted,; and afterJ.ittin" foe ourin silence, thought he would break-the" monotony. "How are 'you getting along?" he enquired. To his astonish ment the artist, absorbed in his work, re plied: " Move your, head a little 'to the right and shut your mouth." Not being accustomed to such a form of address, his lordship asked: "?May I ask you why you address me in that manner ?.' The artist, still absorbed in his work, said ' " I want to take a little off your cheek." Sausages for Tea.-An old lady en gaged a new servant girl, who came from Ireland. On the first day of her service the mistress went to the railway station in the afternoon to meet some friends who were coming to tea. As she left she cal!ed to Mary, the new girl, and told her they would have sausages for tea. When the time cane she set the table.' The company assembled and sat down.:' The mistress told Mary to bring 'in the 'sausages. IMary replied: "If ye plaze, ma'am, I've brought them in; they are in the taypot." " In the teapot !' ex claimed the mistress. "Whatever have you done ?" " Well, if ye plaze, ma'am, ye said ye would have sausages for 'tay." She had "infused" the sausages in the teapot. " 