LITERATURE. NOTES ON NEW BOOKS. THE MUTINEER: a romance of Pitcairn Island, by Louis Becke and Walter Jeffrey. Sydney: Angus and Robertson.-Fifty or sixty years ago, next to Robinson Crusoe, the travels of Mungo Park, Captain; Cook's voyages, and a few other narratives of a similar kinid, there wlas no story adventure that so captured public taste as htle mutiny of the Bounty. Many years before the fate of the mutineers was known, the fact itself had obtained world-wide notoriety, and its moral complexion 'was variously appraised as the true conditions were more or less understood. A small war vessel, not much over 200 tons, the Bounty, under the command of Lieutenant William Blgh, was sent by the British Govern- meat to the Society Islands to collect breadfruit plants with a view to their acclimatisation in the West India colonies. A stay of five or six months at Tahiti demoralised the crew, which followed by the brutal tyranny of the captain, led to a mutiny very soon after leaving the islands. Bligh and 18 men were put into an aopen boat 23ft. long, with ,a small stock of provisions, and were cast adrift on 28th April, 1879. After enduring almost incredible hard- ships, Bligh succeeded in making Timor on 14th June, having successfully navigated 'his frail craft 3618 miles, and lost only one main. 'Tie mutin'eers, led by Fletcher Christian, navigated the Bounty back to. T'ahiti, where, having taken on board six Tahitiian: men and 12 women, they sailed alway to seek an asylum where they might spend the rema'inlder of their days beyond the reach of punlishment. They sbeered for Pitcalirn IsTland, a small solitary island ,midway between Australia and South America. It was discovered by Carteret in 1767, and was then unin- h'abited, 'but it had been previously. Four years after it 'had been' occupied by the mutineers, .a terrible tragedy occurred that amply avenged the mutiny. One' night tlhe 'Tahitian men murdered all the Englishmen but one, Alexander Smith, and they in turn were massacred by the women. Smith sub- "sequen:l;ly nesumed the nlame of John Adams, and wheihber he was the only one spared, or whether there was a second, it is quite certain' that ten years lafterwairds Adams was left with eight or nine women and several chil- dren, and from them the present inhabita:nts descended. The little ccllony was unkniown to, the world until 1808, when it was re-discovered by an American sealing ship, but it was not visited by a British vessel until 1814, whlen th'e people wore found to be living simply and happily. Adams, having become a. God-fearing man, had trlained them in the Che'.stian faith. In 1831, their number having increased to 87, at 'thieir own request, they were re- moved to, Tahiti; but, disgusted by the immorality and otiher undesirable customs of their Tah:itian' relations, most of them quickly returned to their old home. In 1856. however, their num- beas had increased so much that they required more room, and nearly 200 were conveyed to Norfolk Island, though even many of these went back again. Briefly told, these were the materials out of which the book before us has been compiled. The work has be'en admirably done, for the imagined details have been so skilfully inter- woven with authentic facts, that the reader may well persuade himself that the whole is veritable history. The customs and superstitions of the natives of the Society Islands, and their simple but ardent affection, are very prettily depicted. The book is one of thrilling interest and is sure to be- come popular. DEAD MEN'S' TALES, by Charles Junor, Sydney: George Robertson and Co.—This is a collection of cleverly told tales, many of them Australian. All are interesting, and several are quite sensational, the opening story, which, gives the title to the book, teem- ing with thrilling incidents, and re- cording some of the legends of Aus- tralian aborigines. Anticipating and deprecating adverse criticism, the author remarks in his introduction— "To some critics, certain yarns related herein may appear too grotesquely "weird or extravagant for serious con- sideration. Unfortunately for such persons, however, the fact remains that they are all based on positive truths, many of which have come within the author's actual experience." It was prudent to give this assurance, for undoubtedly readers prefer narratives that are "founded on fact." The book would be a charming companion for a railway carriage or steamboat. If we may be permitted to say it, the closing essay, on the law of universal existence, seems to be out of place in a book of this character. Possibly it is a very profound disquisition—so profound, indeed, that very few will be able to fathom its depths., The author declares that "mind except combined with matter is inconceivable;" yet he does not hesitate to affirm that all existence depends on "the principle of motion, which is self-existent and essential." Existence is an admitted mystery, but we do not see that it is in the slightest degree explained by substituting "motion" for "mind" or intellect. To us the: distlinction see~ms to be, to use the author's own phrase, "shrouded in clouds of illusive words and dubious morality." THE CRY OF THE CHILDREN, by Frank Hird. Illustrated by D. Mac pherson. Lotndoa: James Bowden. This is the result of an enquiry into certain British industries in which childr en are employed, and it shows that their treatment is cruel and tyrannical almost beyond belief. Thou- sands of lives are passed from five or six years of age to early graves in hopeless misery, in a daily fight with starvation, without an hour's respite from one year's end to another. And all this iniquity is perpetrated under the sanction of the prostituted modern term "business!" The nation that can permit such atrocities without making a determined effort to repress them must expect condign, punishment. In reading these pathetic records one can hear the voices of the slain from under the altar saying—"How long, O Lord, holy and true, dost thou not judge and avenge our blood on them that dwell on the earth?" Assuredly there will come a day of retribution and of vengeance. Mr. Hird has rendered good service in giving this information to the public, for now no one can plead ignorance of the actual condition of these down- trodden and helpless thou- sands. TOM OSSINGTON'S GHOST, by Richard Marsh. London: James Bow- den.—As might be supposed from the title, this is a sensational story con- cerning the hiding of a fortune by an eccentric man, and its ultimate dis- covery by an interesting party of four. It is full of motion, and the reader's attention is held throughout. There are a few full page illustrations by Harold Piffard. 