The Harold Frederic Inquest SENSATIONAL VERDICT. London, Nov. 11, 1898. (From the Adelaide Chronicle.) The Harold Frederic inquest ended on Tuesday last with a sensational verdict of manslaughter against iSie deceased's mistress, Kate Lyon, and the Christian scientist operator, Mrs Mills. The ladies were at once admitted to bail, Mr Frank Harris, of the Saturday Review, being one -of the sureties. A magisterial enquiry is now in progress, but whatever the decision may be the case must go for trial to the Central Criminal Court, the coroner's, jury's verdict operating as a true bill. The result, when the circumstauces arc threshed out by counsel, will almost certainly be an acquittal, though Miss Lyon deserves a fright. She was warned more than once by Dr Boyd that in turning away medical aid she ran serious risks, but would pay no attention. The law on the point is clear enough, and Dr Monison, the coroner, appears to have laid it down with substantial accuracy. If any persons assume control of the helpless or impotent, they make themselves responsible for the exercise of due caution, and if death ensues from the failure to exercise it they are guilty of manslaughter. What is strenuously denied by Mr Frederic's friends is that he was either helpless or impotent. Under the influence of Miss Lyon he may have been. Presumably ho cared for her, and to please her put up with the ministrations of Mrs Mills. But there is nothing particularly mad in that, and if airing his " fads " hi sulphurous language be a sign, of lunacy Frederic must all his life have been as crazy as a liatter. The papers seem a good deal startled by the verdict, and most of them maintain Mr Frederic had a perfect right to employ either allopaths, homoeopaths, or Christian scientists, as he thought best. Christian science, according to the witnesses before the coroner and '.o general repute, is a form of healing by faith. It consists partly in prayer and partly in imbuing the patient with a belief that he will recover. Cau any human tribunal (asks one able editor) presume to limit the efficacy of prayer ? Will any doctor venture to say that the expectation of recovery is not beneficial, or that in nervous disorders it may not be efficacious ? Mrs Mills and •Miss Lyon may be quite mistaken. But the question whether they nve. riglit or wrong is not to be settled by twelve men in a box. It is a problem far beyond their power to solve, or even.to comprehend. ' Mr Frederic was entitled to adopt any methods he pleased for the improvement of his health or to adopt no methods at all. It was suggested that being an intellectual man he could not have believed in Christian science. But that is nonsense. Dr .Johnson was quite as intellectual a man as Mr Frederic, and he believed in the Cooklaue ghost. The evidence of Mr Whittling shows clearly that when Mr Frederic was in good health he expressed his respect for Christian science. Mr Wliiteing tried to laugh or reason him out of it, but lie did not sijeceed. If in these circumstances Mrs Mills, who attended Frederic, and treated him in accordance with her principles, is criminally responsible for his death, a new and dangerous extension will have been given to the penal law. Suppose that Mr .Frederic had been attended by bomoeopathists. Allopathic doctors would have conscientiously sworn that lie was in the hands of quacks who could not cure him, and had probably killed him. The obvious answer would be that, that was not a question for a coroner's jury or for any other. It may be safer to stick to the family doctor and the orthodox drugs. But personal liberty involves the right of swallowing the wrong medicines and.calling in the wrong practitioners. Onr Niagara correspondent wired on Friday that the Pactolus North mine at that town liad crushed 51 tons for a return of G3oz. The crushing took placc at Blevin's battery. 