THE SQUIREO I KILDERMAY; OR. UNDER QUEEN VICTORIA'S RULE. W STORY OF OLD ENGLAND 'AND YOUNG AUSTRALIA. BY FREDERICK BTURDON. CHAPTER XXV. -(Continued. I was tour o'clock in the afternoon of the hottest day ever known by :MMr Edirehill during forty years of settle rn, nt in the bush. The fierce heat had driven the whole family indoors. to es cape the scorching sun:(Since the death of his daughter the squatter had aged considerably, and his children had noted, with much concern, the' growing weak ness of their father. - - - Tihe daily routine, disturbed by' the advent of Philip and Jackson, had re snmed its normal state, and no further interference by bushrangers had dis turbed its peace and harmony. As I have said, the heat was intense: even the verandah, the usual place-of rest during tile afternoon, had been vacated, and the family sat in the parlor, the girls preparing tea, and .the stalwart sons reading and smoking. Mr Edgehill had fallen asleep in his arm-chair, and the beams of light creep ing through the jalousie Silvered the entw-white hair. For some time the sleeper slumbered with the peacefulness of a child and of a man at peace with his Maker; but soon. the repose grew restless .and the breathing, from almost imrerceptible calmness, -became hard tnd troubled. The change attracted the r-otice of his eldest daughter. '-What is the matter with father?" she raid, anxiously. "See how flushed he is, and how his face twitches. I hope he is not ill." 'SFhall I wake him. Sis?" said Timothy. "It would be a pity, unless he be really ill. He sleeps so little." The necessity for soa doing was set at rest, for the sleeper started to his feet, lotked wildly round, and said : "Wh1at do you want?" "Nothing, father," said his daughter. "'But you called for help." "No; you have been dreaming. Sit down again; tea will be ready in a few minutes." Mr Edgehill pressed his hands against his forehead, like a man bewildered.and rat down: then, hastily rising, said : "I hear it again-'Help-help!' It lings plaintively in my ears. It is'the cry of someone in distress. Perhaps same unfortunate traveller is lost. Quick, boys-fill your flasks and follow me to the Sugar Loaf!" With energy surprising for his years, 3ir Edgehill climbed the mountain-side. He was joined bhy his sons, and -they gazed anxiously down on the plain. . "Can you see anything, Mark? .My eyes are not so keen as they were." "I can see something lying on the sand. 'Tis a man; father!" Down impetuoplsly rushed the younger men on their errand of mercy, and came to the place.where the man lay. Philip had fallen prone on his face. - "'We are in time," stid Mark. "Turn him over. Now the brandy and water." The flickering breath was long gather ing force, but slowly and sur ly the breathing grew stronger, and the pulses throbbed with renewed life. "He is coming round, Mfark. I saw his eyelids move." "Yes, Tim, we were just in time. I think we may venture to carry him. Poor fellow! he's nothing but a'hbag of bones. I wonder how he got here." "Is he alive?" shouted Mr Edgehill. 'Yes, father," they replied with one voice. 'Thank God! -Rest awhile, and give him some more drink. Merciful Hea en! it .Is Mr Goodwin! Praise be to God for His great mercies! Run to the house. Timothy, and tell Mary to pre pare a warns batk low altered.he is! Where is his black friend? My heart misgives me. His pulse is good. See, his eyes open. Cheer up, MIr Goodwin; sou are saved. We are old friends, the Edgehilis." Philip smiled, a look of recognition came into his eyes, and he pressed the hand in his to express his gratitude. "Now, boys, lift him gently; I will lead the way." Philip. refreshed by a bath andl some weak broth, fell asleep, watched throughout the night by h]is anxious friends. The four days of hunger and thirst took weeks to recover from. and taxed to the utmost the medical skill of MIr Edgehill to subdue thie raging fever consequent on privation and fatigue. but in tile end he was restored to health, and able to give an account of his ex periences. CHAPTER XXVI. Whien Captain Radcliffe returned from escorting Lucy to her hotel, he felt little inclination for sleep, so the two friends sat up late talking over the best ameans for obeclmnating Mr Stump, now that it was believed he had gone over to John Rawdon. , "There is only one course," said Ito bert Blake, "and that not a safe one with such a turncoat-to bid higher than lRawdon. If he gave a hundred, we must give two. I ownder whether the story of thie gentleman buying the cer aificate is thue. I hardly believe it. Mr Slump is a mixture of cunning and fear, nd as likely as not palmed off a false certifieate.' "He is sharli enough for anything, Blake. I was just in time to prevent him opening your pocket-book,- From what Lucy says, he has got over his fit of remorse, so on that score-.we can do nothing. - It is difficult to know what line to take." "It is. But leave him fto me, Gus. I'll \- him to-morrow evening.tI.know his pe-ak points."• - - ,. "What do you think of the lawyer?" "Unfortunate, in some respects.-.- ?e is a well- known manand very sharp. 'I "ttsh she had gone elsewhere. - I've a gd mind to see him, and put him on a fale scent. It 'wouldn't -be. a- bad ddge.', .. The idea tickled the two men im "You are a aring :fellow, Blake. 1 ur Sure you will succeed." * 'TYes, Rawdon's bills would-show my Piod faith. It is north trying:'How '-ir, one thing at a time. We will settle Sir Stump first." The following evening Robert Blake dined at the coffee tavern;, inil Beck street, and then set out -for Kensington. The cottage was in darkness; .nd he .Ould get no response to repeated knocltks. Somewhat disheartened, he re traeed his steps, when it occurred to him that air Stump might be at the church. The door was open and to his inquiries of the pew-opener he learnt - thit the clerk had gone to the counit. T 'exed rt the leoss of time, -Robert Blake strode tIleoghtfully homen~ard, • but suddenly -tOcped" "Ill do it." lie fauttered, as he turned ch his heels. "I know where he keeps hli desk. Perhaps it contains papers. and among them the one I want." SArrived at the cottage, he again rnocked at the door, and, feeling more SFcure, tried the windows and doors. "The fellow is careful, as one would 1rtect from a miser. I wonder whet called him n.way? Three days. the weo 5n1sald. Gone into the country to see awdon, I shouldn't be surprised. How it, douce am I to get in? This role of l? lar hardly suits my temperamcnt Ot a single door unfastened, and the "lltters closed. I dare nor break a re.0 of glass; It would make too much ,e. If there is a ladder in the gar n. I could try thie upper windows." a, the outhouse hie found what he ,2i ed. and, placing it against the wall, @ 'ered, to his delight, the sash ·r'y dowln. and without further dif ?(tlty he entered. Striking a match, i' rt Blake gro ied his wey down Sa IO tihe sitting-room, and lighted }\fNowf i - desk. He keeps it in cu ~oai-d, - hheI is logked, of course; %61 ,ut my eyes were not'always closed, IMr Stump, though you thought they :were. I know where- you hbidthe-precious key. It isn't every robber who-hAs-Ach easy work. Now - for' -the, contents- of the des:k." "What's this-as yelloi as a guinea from age? A- letter from Betsy Stump. Ah, this is better! By Jove! the certi flcate of the marriage of Robert Good= win and' Alice Cumming. The old vil lain! What a find, to be sure! You've the devil's luck, Robert! -In- the toils again, Rawdon! ri1 be even with you for your treachery. No more money revenge is sweeter. Who were the wit nesses? 'Betsy Stump and her bro ther. She must know if a child was born, and where it is. We shall see what-she-says to this piece of evidence. No need to.look further. The old miser will have another fit of repentance when he finds the certificate- vanished." Robert Biake locked the cupboard, re placedk'the key, carefully removed- the marks of his boots fromn the window-sill, put brick. the"ladder, and wended his way to:Fleur-de-lis-court,- overjoyed ant his success. - - - " -a - *- *, We left Philip restored to health and strength by the kind nursi?ii of his friends, the Edgehills, and happy in the possession of the secret for which he had braved the perils of land and sea. The privations he had endured had made terrible Inroads on his constitu tion, and convalescence was tedious. When bodily vigor returned he be came impatient of delay, and surprised the family one morning at breakfast by the announcement that he should leave them on the morrow. His host did not conceal his regret at the sudden deter mination, for he loved Philip as a son, and used all his persuasive powers to induce him to remain with them. His solicitude, under other conditions might, perhaps, have been successful, but no tempting offer, however generous, could change Philip's intention, and In the end he ceased to urge. With many heartburnlings the - whole household gathered to bid him good-bye, and more than one eye was moist when the form of their guest was lost in the distance. Philip, accompanied by Mark, pushed rapidly forward, and -as he. passed the place of adventure with the bushrangers he pointed out to his companion the shanty, now deserted, where the ruffians had attempted his life. It seemed but yesterday- so quick is the flight of time \--since that terrible night of the escape, and still more terrible morning under the tree, and he shuddered at the recollec tion. How swift had retribution fol lowed! Of all the actors In the tragedy, not a single bushranger remained; of the others, he alone. - Philip took an affectionate farewell of his companion, and the same evening arrived- at 'Melbourne. Nearly a year had elapsed since his departure from the city, and as he stepped on to the river -bank the memory of that day came back to him. Then he was not alone; his noble friend, who had given his life for him, and whose body lay buried in the desert, had walked with him. Even.now he saw in imagination a form with a dark- face and- skin and noiseless tread keeping pace with him, and he instinc tively tried to grasp the well-known hand. -But t .was a delusion.. That form would, ne'er more on earth utter 'cheer ing .words--would never again raise a joyous laugh. It was a mirage. "Poor Jackson!" he murmured. "'True even to death. Little did I think that you, the stronger; should die,- whilst I, the weaker, should live. Oh, Fate, Pate! how hard. to bear is thy cruel decree! Thou mistress of the lives and fortunes of human kind, couldst thou not have spared him?" - And'a sigh from a troubled spirit'rose laboring from his breast.. - ' The city was more crowded,ifs palaces moie Imposing, and its progress more marked; but Philip noticed none - of these.- He strode on, looking neither to right nor- left, little changed,, only bronzed by the moil of those three 'weary days, till he came to the. mer chant's office. "Is Itr possibleiehlias: forgotten me ? Then I must be changed!" said Philip to himself. The youtli stuck his pen lehind his ea.r, and again asked the question. "I wish to see Mr Muacculloch." "Then you can't, He's gone away for ~a:few days. Won't I do? We manage the business.a Perhaps you've come 1 about the wool sales?" S- Philip smiled at the air of assumed e authority, and fald. "I'm Mr Goodwin. S-Don't you remember me?" SThe youth's red hair disappeared, and Philip could-hear him vainly endeavor ing to smother his laughter. . S' "What is the matter?" he said, sharp r ly: "Time has not polished your man ners." "Nor your humbug," was the pert re Joinder-- "It won't do. You can't play that game unless you're his ghost. - Our Mr Goodwin died three months ago-we heard it from M-r Cameron, of itllamoo loo." ' - "Ill news travels apace," muttered Philip. Then aloud:. "It's a mistake; .I did-not die. I am not a ghost, but Philip Goodwin, in the flesh." . Red-hair stared, left his desk, and, peering into the bronzed features, . ex claimed. "So you are! Where's the darky?" . \- "Dead, poor fellow-dead!: But I did not come to bandy words. Where can I find Mr Macculloch?' - \- "He's gone to Blicklands to see Mr SGoodwin, .the gentleman who gave -you the letter. He is very ill- dying, I heard the messenger say. You 1had better go quick." - "Mr Goodwin!'" said'Philip, -ith sur prise. . . S"Yes. I thoughi you knew. that .he's t Your uncle. He's the rIchest.man about these parts, and owns a deal of pro perty. We manage -it -for - Hallo! Ie's gone.. Here's a pretty kettle of fish. The dead man's come to lif, andthe old man's making another wil:..- He v-won't Sget there'in time. He shall, though, If I can help him. He isn't so cheeky as some. who come here:" and, dashing through the door,- he caught Philip, al ready some distance down the Street. "'Stop, -Mr. Goodwin- -How .yoil do Stravel! Youcdnnhiave one of Mir. Mac culloch's horses." - - -"Thanks,.youngster. 11 -l not forget -you foir this." CHAPTER XXVII. S.Philip urged the animal to its utmost \- speed, and, being a good horseman, 1 covered the ten miles in less than an .hour. Many things were now compre hensible which had previously puzzlea I him. The interest taken in his welfare the eager questions about his birthplace. the curious look on the face of the agent. I and the kindne-s of Mr Cameron. were \- all explained by tle relationship. Non-w, also, hlie remembered that an uncle hadn emigrcted to Autrl.alia early in the cell Stury, and w-as supposed to be dead. At the hut he dismounted and knocked I gently. No one answered, so hle pushed open the door. Tie outer room was empty, but fromn the iinner, where J.ack son had lain, came the sound of voices i -one loud and unmistakable, ihe other feebleand interrupted by a cough. Philip Shardly liked to disturb the speakero, but tie knowledge that his uncle was dying ,vercame his timidity, and he rapped gently, ttlen loudly. Thile voices ceased, and the door was opened by Mr Macculloch whuo started back in amaze mlent. "Eli. Jr Goodwin! Haoes it ye or your shaist?" "It is I, in the flesh. sir," replied Philip. Ell, mlnan! Holow ye scared me! ut bide a wee; sit doon, -whilst I break the news. vou're just in time: the gude nman is away hame to ileaven. Bide a wee" A whispered conversation ensued in tihe deanthi chamber, broken by a sudden exc?rnmationl of joy : Let mt e see hinm! Let me s-ee my sister's son: God is still merciful:" Mr .tacculloch, with many cautions. not to over-excite the sick mnan, led Pilipi into the room, and retired, clos Jng thle door. For a rwhlile neither spoke. but gazed eagerly one at the other. Philip expec ted to see a great change in his uncle, but was totally unprepared for its ex tent. The hue of death already touched thh cadaverous face, and hung about the dilated nostrils like the slowly ris ing mist on the silver beech leaves. The noble forehead, without a wrinkle to mar its smoothness, was damp with the unmistakable death sweat, and beneath it the sunken sockets, rimmed with a zone of dark color, from suehich the eyes gleamed with unnatural light, were in strange contrast with the pallid fea tures. Philip was human, and, in spite of the solemnity of the occasion, could not con trol a feeling of satisfaction that he was in time to stay the irrevocable sig nature. The pen dropped .from the feeble- hand, and as it fell rolled across the paper from end to end, leaving a trail which effectually destroyed the last will and testament. - "Nephew," said the dying man, "you have come in time. .I am glad; Sit down and listen to-me; for myeyes are growing dimn;- and the end, I-feel, ap proaches. - You -are my nephew. .I knew it when you -told the story'of your life. Perhaps. I. ought to liave .told-you then, but I wished you to gain a. prac tical kno*ledge of station-life, so- that you would know-how to manage the great possessions which I shall leave." Then, after a pause : "You are my heir: use the fortune I havie wasted- my life to obtain In doing good.- Alas! would to God, I had done so, instead of liv ing only to Increase it. Lift me a little higher. - Thank you. What Was I say ing? My memory grows weak.": "About the property, uncle. 'But don't distress yourself," said Philip, gently. "Ah yes. Mr Miacculloch has the will.. Destroy this paper' "Another half hour would have been too late, and your Cousin John would have taken all." Philip started. His pride revolted against such a triumph for his cousin. "Yes," continued the sick man.. "He may not deserve it. but I know nothing to his discredit.' It is sufficient that he is of the same blood." A fit of coughing brought on a spasm of the lungs, and Philip thought all was over; but after a few minutes of pain ful suspense the spasm relaxed, and a little brandy. revived., the all but ex hausted strength. "How weak I am!" he said, in a feeble voice. '"I must not delay. I have much to tell, and my time is short. Listen. I left home forty years ago why, does not matter now - and-after years of weary toll amassed imoney and land. I have lived in-this mean abode, an anchorite, caring nothing for the world's pleasures. Now, when too late, I see the folly of such selfishness. Well, sixteen years since, your Uncle Robert found me much in the same way as you did. WVe lived together many months at a time, the former enmity for gotten, thought the sorrow remained. He had changed greatly: his reason shattered, restless. and morbid: he was possessed with a dread' of punishment for some Act he had done. "Five. years he stayed In this country. reckless of life, wishing to die-and-end his misery.. Sometimes he would' travel far in the Interior where the foot of man had never trodden; but when he.return- ed the same fear.was.on himn.annd with the cry, 'Crime and shroud !. Whose crime? -Whose shroud?' still rlngingiin his- ear. ". The rest .he .soughtwas- de nied-him. 'He bore .a charmed: life, which neither man, nor hunger,nor thirst could take away. "Once he came back, still. gloomy, but more at peace; the evil spirit had ceased to torment, whether from time or some thing that had occurred in his 'last wan, dering, I know not--I: think. the latter, for-he told me a strange tale-how, he had saved the life. of a woman. dying from thirst, which had brought him more peace than any act he had ever done, 'and this,' he said, 'is the means I used,' showing me a --' Philip, doubly overawed by the scene he was witnessing, and the old man's narration, rose from hia:seat, and leant over the bed. A great change had conme Qver the features; a pale shadow spread from the nostrils, and crept upwards to wards the forehead. . "Uncle-uncle!" he cried: then opened the-- door, and calle1 loudly for Mr Macculloch. The ve!l.ot death covered the emaciated face, and.as they watched. the breathing grew. fainter and more faint, and the spirit fled! Philip deeply .-grieved. Though he knew little of his.uncle, he loved .him for .the kindness he had shown him and Jackson, and the tender regard for his welfare. It was a consolation to know him even in his dying moments, and his only regret was that: death had come so suddenly.:- The word which, from want of strength, the dying bieath liad left unsaid, he could supply; th'e thing wvliich had saved his life on a like occasion pre served the woman. His uncle had been generous. The whole of his large pro perty, which included illamooloo, Blacklands, and other estates,-: together with many thousands in money; were left to him for his sole use, and. Philip found himself one of the wealthiest men in Australia. - - , - To MIr 3Macculloch.he left the manage ment of the estates, and of the- money he took enough for his immediate wants; for he had determined.to return as' he had come, poor, and apparently unsuc cessful; and fight his cousin with the secret of the will alone. - . He had a prosperous passage; the ship carried him homewards in half- the time the Winterthur, with her broad bows and rotten masts, had taken; and ' one morning in June-~ a bright, genial, spring day-he saw again the white cliffs, sailed- up the Downs,-and set foot once more on his native soil, in full health and strength. ' Philip Goodwin's first visit on his ar rival in England was to his friend George Marsden. As he climbed the tortuous stairs to his friend's chambers in Pump Court. memory carried him back to that dark evening when he toiled through the ill-lighted courts, a homeless wanderer. How different his position now! Pov erty no longer galled; he was the richest of any among thoe who pored over musty books. The change in his for tune was immense; he felt proud as he sprang with a light step up the ricketty stairs. But circumstances alter in the Old World as well as in the New. In an swer to his knock a strange face ap peared, and for the moment a fear of evil tidings oppressed him. "'Ir Marsden?" he said, hesitatingly. "He has removed to chambers in IKing's Bench Walk," was the reply. "'What number, please?" said Philip, as the door was unceremoniously clos ing. "Number eight." "I hlope nothing is wrong," he thought. "Wisat a fool I was not to call for letters in MIelbourne!" Nothing was wrong. The times had been prosperous with George Mharsden, and the rooms on the third pairwere not good enough for a rising barrister, so he had taken more commodious cham Iberi. Philip. as he sat in the waiting room. noted with pleasure the signs of prosep-rity. "'\Vhat snme?" asked the clerk. "'Never mind." replied Philip, after a siighlt pause. "Say a stranger wishes to see him ..... I wonder if he has forgotten me? I should not be sur prised. The red-haired youth did." The lawyer pointed to a seat, and -ast a quick glance at the bronzed, weather beaten client. If Philip had changed beyond recognition, so had his friend. The kI:nd face had grown harsh and stern. thie manner abrupt, and the tone of voice disagreeable. Instead of the erect figure and strong frame full of life and energy. bent shoulders and flabby muscles danoted physical wreck-a con stitution broken by excessive toil or grief. Surprise kept Philip silent till be was recalled to himself by the lawyer saying, with a tinge of irritability : "You wish so consult me?" "Yes. George, I do. Where are your eyes, old fellow? Don't you know "W'hat! Can it be Philip?" - a ring of the old tone in his voice. "How you have altered! Grown taller and stout er, aned as brown as a berry When did you return?" "Tics morning. I left the ship an hour ago. But what has happened to you? The cares of all the world are on your face, and you stoop like an old man." "Nothing. Philip, nothing" - turning his head - "hard work and ambition. What else does a man live for In these days?But what has brought you back so soon?" "Several things, George. which will keep. One thing will not; I have solved the enigma and the place of the hidden will. I can put my hand on it five minutes after reaching Wycliffe Hall." "This is news indeed; but"-- shaking his head-"I do not know whether the finding is desirable." "You speak serlousl;, George. Is any .thing wrong?".' "You got my letters, of course?" "No, not one. In my hurry to leave I forgot to call for them." :"Then you are not anware that your cousin is married to Kate-your sister Kate?"-correcting himself. - 'No," said- Philip, slowly, "no. but I am not surprised. Poor girl! Is she happy?" "-'Perfectly. They have been married nearly two years, 'and Jessie; who has been staying -with them, says Rawdon is the, most-devoted of husbands.: I think you are mistaken in'your estimate of his character. H e --behaved very kindly to me last aitumn.. Indeed, he expressed great sorrow at your depar ture. and bade me tell you so, which I did in one of my letters. Moreover, he said he would do anything to overcome your antipathy." - - "Astonishing!" said Philip:' "Perhaps I acted hastily; if so, I am the last man to refuse to shake hands. My experi ence of life has beaten all pride out- of me. Then the letter from 'B. L.' was not meant for my cousin?" "Oh, yes. It was the act of a jealous woman, with whom Rawdon had - got into difficulties-nothing more.". "Well, George, I'll go down and judge for myself. If it is as you say, and the will is in my favor, I will burn it, and leave him In' quiet possession. Now,: about yourself. .. Let me have a - good look at you"- placing both hands' on the bent shoulders of his friend. "Hum! I What is the matter, George? Are you iin love, or what? I have never seen you so worried; and your face-well, it is not a contented one. What is wrong?' "Weary'-aweary, "' he' sighed. "The sooner I am gone the better." - "Weary!" echoed Philip. "At twenty seven?" - - .'Yes; briefs-are the plague of my life. I work morning, noon, and night. . At times I throw them down in disgust, an I swear I'll not touch another, but-I do I must work," he added, a touch of bit terness in his voice, "or,' I think to much, which is worse." "Don't .be foolish, George.. You ar killing yourself-for what? To make name.: Is it worth the price? You ar prematurely old already;,another yea or two, .and you will be dead and for gotten. Let me prescribe for your nil= I ment-travel." . "No use, Philip ; I have 'tried it, but pleasure, health, everything palls. So, to be happy at all, I.bend my head, and -find-relief in hard work." - "I will soon drive,this nonsense, out of your head. -Let .ie settle the- will, and I'll drag you --away f'om musty documents 'and -stuffy, chambers'. to salmon hooks and breesy' meadows.' \- "I wish you success, but am doubtful. Fresh air can't- cure -a disturbed mind" -with a doleful~slgh. - " "There is, something more than work? here,". he thought; "Come,, George, am tI your friend or not? You have a deeper reason. What is it?- -No quibbling, but say plainly; -open confession is good for the mind. What is the real cause?" George Marsden's face flushed-a hot, burning rush of redness-- for a short space, then died away, leaving a deathly pallor and deep shade round the sunken eyes., That was the answer to the ques tlon. What'else could-the stricken man say'? - -Philip saw the flush and paleness, and s said, "You are ill,. George, from over t work." ' e The lawryer lauglihed-a feeble attempt I at jollity. "What matters? One must work in -these days if one is to be suc cessful. I daresaj' I have been burning I themidnight oil lately owing to pressure r of work. However, the courts rise next I week, thenf I will join you at Kildermay. 1, Things are not quite satisfactory there. e Betsy Stump and the boy have been turned out of the cottage. e "Surely not!" interrupted Philip. a "Then my cousin has still the same I black skin beneath the white." s "By-the-by," continued the lawyer, P "I heard a curious tale from a person s who came to see me one evening. Had I your uncle any children?" . - - - "No, George, he never married." . t "Are you sure?" .... - " S_"QulteV. Rhydo you ask?" ' ;'From curiosity., The tale related to a secret marriage-between j'our uncle and a Miss Cummings; he disowned her and the child." r "This is new Io me,"'. said Philip, in'astonishment. ::!'Is there any trace of P the mother and child?" "The former is dead; the latter, I be lieve, is .alive: But you are drawing me too fast.. I must.obtain more infor' mation before going into particulars. I cannot understand-why the person'does not write as she promised. It is three months since, and not a word- have I heard from her. Now, Philip, I can spare no more time. Look me up this evening at Russell Square." - S"I- cannot, George, for I am anxious to get down to Kildermay with as little delay as possible." (To be continued.) ' b. 