1 DAVID CHRISTIE MURRAY AND | R. L. STEVENSON'S GHOST. I (FROM OUR LONDON CORRESPONDENT.) | Mr. David Christie Murray, who is being libe- 5| rally used for advertisement purposes by tlio re- Si organised "London Morning," and gleams at us | through his spectacles from every possible hoard- j lag and dead wall In tho metropolis, will not, it | appears, absolutely edit tho "Daily Mail's" rival, ii Ho has simply been engaged to supply a signed i| article regularly on tho "Topic of tho Hour" for ;;j the front page. I havo road several, and find JJ Ihem sufficiently entertaining chat. There Is not, jj as a rule, much concerning the "Topic of tho I Hour," hut the ndventures, experiences, theories, | and notablo notions of David Christio Murray aro | endless. Never had man iuoro touching faith In | his own sublimo "ego." I For oxample, In an article on -tho remarkable | dicta of Sir William Brookes on tho "Unseen | World" at tho British Association, Mr. Murray -j ucvuLus u paragrapn lu xiio omineuc scientist s a observations and a column to nn account of how ij . he interviewed the spirit of Robert Louis Stcven- | son. Thl3 Is tpilte a novelty in ghost Btories, fa and should deeply interest even thoso of you i who novor met R.L.S. Mr. Murray himself did 3 not know tho "seigneur" of Vaillma, but the lnt- ter, like most of us, thought a lot of "Joseph's || Coat" and "Rainbow Gold," and had wrltton to ;| ' the author praising them. When Stevenson died, I Christie Murray was In America, and presided f| at the memorial meeting In honor of tho deceased 1 romanclst at Cnrnegle-hall, New York. A few A nights later he was up country at a lonoly llttlo | aecommodation-houso In Canada, wrestling with S a new poem, and not thinking of R.L.S. J "When," declares Mr. Murray, "I wont to bed, iff and put out my candle, Stovcnslon was miles i| away from my thoughts, and I was wrapped In a tho contemplation of tho ono stubborn verso In 9 my poem. On n suuden, as I lay my face to tho a wall, I was aware, in some strango way, of a t| figure behind me. I saw nothing and heard no li thing; but tho Impression was entirely clear, Tha ® figure advanced with a certain willowy graco — It 3 wns us distinct to mo as If I had seen It — reached 3 ca'r U1 tho bedside, seemed to removo tho | shallow candlestlek from chair to table, and to >4 sit down. Then tho faco became visible — to my nj Imagination nlono — and I recognised it as that of |j Robert Louis Stevenson. Wlion you know n faco a from Photography only, It is not easy for tho jjl Imagination to set its features in motion, but 8 I'oro they sparkled with a bright and affectionate a animation. 'Now, I'll toll you what I should do jl with that verso If I wore writing It.' There was g . no sound, and yot tho words tvero In my mind jS as clearly as If a voice had spoken them, and not H only that— tlioy had a certain characteristic tone, |J an Individuality, not to bo defined, but real. 8 And then, without tho faintest conscious effort of -A my own, camo this vorso: — -M 'With looks like any devil's grin, « T,,110 1,011 rc(1 "io brtfwngo till It ran H With fetid horror at tho brim, Si "Now drink," ho gibed, "and play tho man." J >'cach od tho challco forth;1 It stank that my soul failed me, and, I drank.' !£ "Now, whethor that bears anything of Stoven-' A Bon's hall-mark or no, I cannot toll. But the J tiling bapponed, and whether It wore a fact or 1 a 'auay In Its inward ossentlal. It is a fact from a historical point of .view," - 