LUCKY BOB BOOTLE. There never had been such a time for soor folk, at least so said the inhabitant! »f Great Ditchley, and Great Ditchley tbould know, I think, considering it had Been a village ever since Hampshire had been a county. Why, here was March, and Frost still lording it over the waters, and ihowering his white fleece upon the land ; aere was four at such a figure that the seven years' youngster could cany, and saaily, as much as could be afforded by the whole family for a week's consumption. Arid yet in spite .of hard frost, and hard times the mate folk of Ditchley still met in solemn conclave at the Cherry Apple, not that the landlord of that hostel gav® trust, not he, :bnt he diberally" kept the big fire burning in the common room, and there the poorest of his guests dozed from morn till night, with the table for« mattress and their arms for bolsters, and wheu not asleep amused themselves by playing shoveha'penny, or the more brain-racking and ennofcling gamebfcodlam; • We, of course,' do not wish our readers to suppose that the whole of the village played for beer at the Cherry Apple, as one person at all events might bake exception to such a bold assertion. Johnny Boo tie, the h barber, dentist, apothecary, and yiometimes schoolmaster, though the last person whom it would be supposed was not a regular frequenter ol the inn, in fact, only , visited the house at mid-day. and that was when he went with his little brown mug to get-his half pint oi ale to wash down his hob dinner of bread, cheese, and raw^njiona, • , JPfgr .Johnny Baotl^was a widower with one little boy—a * village urchin, who was always-getting Into ; l rotfble, and always as a rule getting out of jt wjith ; eclat, his very rascalities turning in the end to his advan- •tage^ JJota|>ly-upon-one occasion when he ubstcacted a suitr fcom tbh tailor's threeroomed house at Ditchley, a suit with mortar-board bat - included, and that belonged So a farmer'^ youngster. just home from a college. Maater Bub^Bootle. arraying himself in thp Etolen apparel, coolly walked in- ;to the village church the following Sunday, received a new'shilling'from a purblind old Jady, who mistook him for the parson's son, ! »nd" actually secured a Bran new book of common prayerfrom the verger, who was so struck with the little fellow's supposed piety: in * attending church all alone, that, meeting him at the door, he put him into the pew - belonging^ the £ Squire's family, who, at the time being ^ a away in - London, - - - were not. of cou prefe'rit in the holy precinte of Ditchle' Repladrig his borrowed 'plumes the iiext day, no one ever heard-' df Master-Bob's iracapade for weekh after; and then its relation WPS a stable joke at tbe Cherry Apple. It was;uheflast/day of March, the frost as hard and obstinate^s ev,er, and -Ditchley as ipIeepyJooking,and.ancient andfoflora as usual, when within tW comihon rocm of the Cherry "Apple thete Vrks' a very unusual bbhim'orSohi - • ' r •• : >. -. Joe Budkin, the pig-driver, was there, jStilee,' the hedg6r land? Burins, yilh»ge carpenter; and Joe Spoopenjdyke, the smith ; all were •eated round the itable ..Ju earnest conversation, shove- PWW .coddapi f,pr^be,tiiBe'l>eu|; JorgptttBn, a topic . Of «xciting interest apon l^at caused i Hie hard winter had put the finishing istroke to a series pf, misfortuhes that had followed his wife's death thrw y^ars before, and without a farthing in the world the: poor w d'ower had come to ruin at last, '' And so irter bein', fcbher and son,.' more'n a hundred yeiatig in that houae, Johnny and" young Bob are to-be*turued : out after all, are. they V' said the pig drijrer who. though a solid-headed, Vu a kindhearted man. . V It'll be main hard lines ; poor Johnny ^ I be main sorry for 'un/'«aid Buffldns/the carpenter. This opinion being expressed by the others. By tacit consent they all left the ma. and- making their way to. the residence of' Johnny Bootle, were in time to . see the last article of furniture taken from the house, f Beer, and a few halfpence collected among his poor fellow villagers was afterwards brought to poor Johnny Bootle by honest Joe Budkin, who was then glad to hurry away from the sad' and chilling scene.' All gone at last 1 furniture broken, con-, doling neighbours, and alL ' And in the waning evening light the poor "widower and' his youthful son sat alone upon a bench lent them by the carpenter Bufikinsi. " Its come at last. Bob; and it ain't as if; I was a man used to this kind o' thing.; Lord I our people was always well off, Bob. Your great grandfather, who was a sailor, made a fortune I've heard. And then his father, he was a butler and kept an inn' thrice the size of the Cherry Apple, whilst: my poor old dad, your grandfather, made a pile of money abroad." " And what did he do with it, father ? " said Master Bob, ruefuily. " What did he do witn it! why lost it,' Bob." " How i had he got a hole in his pocket i" said Bob, this time with a grin. " Well, I don't know about that, Bob. He had a hole in his 'upper storey,' I think, to go and plank down all bis fortune upon the gaming table and the turf as be did." " Ah. yes ; I've heard all about it from poor mother. And now, what are we going to do, dad ; walk to London ? I fancy that's the only thing to be done. You can get a job there. There's as much shaving. I've been told, in London during one day, as we've had in Ditchley for the past fivehundred years. My only game here is callaway, a living scarecrow banging the clappers to frighten the birds ; and I can't get < a job at that now because I'm froze out. :> " I'm afraid we shall have to go to London, Bob, though it will be dreadful to me to leave this cottage where I was born," said the poor, forlorn widower as he drew hiB hand across his eyes that, in spite of his son's jovial spirits under their misfortune, were growing suspiciously moist. " Well, dad, you know the old saying, 4 What can't be cured must be endured.' After a storm a calm. Who knowB ? something may turn up. You've educated me, father, given me all the knowledge you ever bad, and up in Loudon we shall be appreciated, perhaps. And now as they haven't pulled down the old summer-house built by my grandfather I'll lug away some of it, and we'll have a big fire and a supper to night if we fast to-morrow," said the lad, with an attempt at a laugh. " The old arbour that has stood many a winter's storm. Well, as we have no fuel. Bob, as you suggest, we may as well pull a portion of it down. The frost to-night is intense. How the wind bowls ! it's beginning to soow, too, Bob. What a night! and our poor little home bare and bleak ! " "And some poor creatures to-night would be glad of the shelter of its four walls, dad." "Istand reproved. Bob. But you are young—you are young, boy, while for me— sge robs me of all nerve and courage." " Care killed a cat, dad. When things are at the worst, they may mend. * Dark is the, hour before the dawn.' They call me lucky Bob. I may earn a lot af money, as much as grandfather ever had, up in London, who knows ?" said the lighthearted boy, as followed by his unfor; unate, broken epirited parent he made bis way out into the garden at the back of the cottage. There at the bottom of the large piece of ground, between two apple trees stood a summer-house, that, built of oak and beech bad remained for many years^ braving alike the storms and tempests of summer aud winter, its sides ana roof still intact, and looking in the thick dirving snow quite comfortable that wild night. "Better have the old seat up, dad. Perhaps we might get the landlord of the Cherry Tree to buy the arbour after all; it's fust what he wants for his garden," ex* zlaimed Bob, who now, pulling might and nain at the seat at the back of the Bummeraouse caused not only the top part to give way but its supports also, the consequence •eing that he was thrown flaton his back, a oud cry from his father causing him, how* iver, to quickly start up'to his feet again. ' *' It's all right, dad, I'm not hurt. But irhat are you staring at ? Nob grandiather's ghost, is it ? " " No, Bob ; but look 1 see what you've lone!" Following with his eyes the direction oi !iis father's shaking fingers. Bob now perseived that in rending away the seat he had s&used; an upheaval of a portion of the flooring, a dark, open cavity now yawning at cheir feetl "What a jolly great hole, dad." said Bob, : who. stooping down and glancing into the black abyss, laughed aloud. Presently upon groping with his handB dowii the cavity, exclaiming; "It's not much of a hole, after all, father. Why I can almost feel the bottom of it, and, by Jove ! it's bricked all round like a vault. What the deuce can it be t But wait a minute, Fll run in and bring out the lantern. I phould like to find out what ib really is." , ' Absent only folr a few minutes, upon returning with a light, Bob found his father kneeling by the hole, hiB face white as the falling snow, and his eyes rolling and flashing with excitement, as he exclaimed in a husky voice : . • " There's a small box down there, Bob... It—it muet have been there for years." ••Hurrah, dad ! and was put there by grandfather," cried the boy, who, now throwing himself :upoh the ground and making a strange sound—an odd mixture of (laughing and crying—presently, with a faoe almost. as white as his parent's, dragged np.fcom tb« hole a small wooden boxr-a". box ' fastened with a padlock, and 'V. >4e6$i6S 'woodwork with a iHwfri wMLtoBJtarkof ajaffljjjggk. -<— '""Wildly tKeTatlTer'and" son now^gazed at the sight before them. *; The little box split open, a dhower of gold coins had rolled out fpruiin^#% perfect mound. . ' „ _' There lay the coins, .tarnished and flashing sullenly io the' -'laiitern's light, as though sulky at beipg disturbpd from their long repose in their dark b'iding-place. '' The lather and Bon^recevferihg ijrota their surprise, in half an hour the treasure had been conveyed into the house, the hole being filled up and the seat in thenrbour replaced. f " T*^ ' ; Scarce had this been accomplished' when answering a loud knock at the door, the: kind-iiearted Joe Rudkin'appeared upon the threshold laden with blankets and s'neetd Sent bf his good dame. Informed of what had taken place the pig- driver shouted uproariously, exclaiming : " Lucky Bob ! dang it, here's a go ! Ill so round and borrow the miller's cob. and it'll wager I'll find those covea with the, van • tThey bean't been away from Cherry Tree ;mor'n a hour." " . Joe Kiidkin did. cojne up with the v&ir;, and before twelve that night the goods had been brought.back again, all Ditchley alive with the news. The next day, from a handful ofth$ guineas, Johnny Bootle had paid Lhe laud* lord of the Cherry Tree a sum, in retnm foif which beer, eggs and bacon, with spirits iad lib. had to be provided for every resi^ dent in DitcMey, the feast being eaten inf the big room of the inn, where the guests! grew hoarse in hurraying Johnny Boo tie und his son, lucky Bob. 