A DETECTIVE STORY. By Lawrence L. Lynch, Author of “No Proof,” “Moina,” &c.; CHAPTER r. SOMETHING WRONG. It was a May morning m Glenville. Pretty, picturesque Glenville, low lying by tbe lake shore, with the waters of the lake surging to meet it, or coyly receding from it, on the one side, and the green clad hills rising gradually and gently on the other, ending in a belt of trees fit the very horizon’s edge. There is little movement in the quiet streets of the town at half-past eight o’clock in the morning, save for young sters, who walking, running, leaping, sauntering or waiting idly, one foranother, are, or should be, on their way to the school house which stands upon the very southernmost outskirts of the town, and a little way up the hilly slope, at a reason ably safe remove from the willow-fringed lake shore. The Glenville school-house was one of the earliest public buildings erected in the village, and it had been “ located ” in what was confidently expected to be the centre of the place. But the new and late-coming impetus, which had changed the hamlet of half a hundred dwellings to one of twenty times that number, and made of it a quiet and not too fashionable little summer resort, had carried the busi ness of the place northward, and its residences still farther north, thus leaving this seat of learning aloof from, and quite above the newer town, in isolated and lofty dignity, surrounded by trees in the outskirts, in fact, of a second belt of wood, which girdled the lake shore, even as the further and loftier fringe of timber outlined the hilltops at the edge of the eastern horizon and far away. “Les call ’er the ’cademy ?” suggested Elias Robbins, one of the builders of the Bchool-house, . and an early settler of Glenvi'le. “ What’s to hinder _ “'Nothin’,” declared John Rote, the village oracle. “ ’Twill sound first-rate.” They were standing outside the build ing, just completed and resplendent in two ooats of yellow paint, and they were just from the labour of putting in, “ hangin’ ” the new bell. All of masculine Glenville was present, and the other sex was not without repre sentation. “ Suits me down ter the ground !” com mented a third citizen ; and no doubt it would have suited the majority, but when Parson Ryder was 'consulted, he smiled genially and shook his head. “It won’t do, I’m afraid, Elias.” he said. “ We’re only a village as yet, you see, and we can’t even dub it the High School, except from a geographical point of view However, wo are bound to grow, and our titles wi 1 come with the growth.” The growth, after a time began ; but it was only a summer growth ; and the school-house was still a village school house with its master and one'under, or primary, teacher ; and to day there was a frisking group of the smaller youngsters rushing about the school-yard, while the first bell rang out, and half a dozen of the older pupils clustered about the girlish under-teacher full of questions and wonder; for Johnnv Robbins, whose turn it was to ring the bell this week, after watching the clock, and the path up the hill, alternately, until the time for the first bell had come, and was actual'y twenty seconds past, had reluctantly but firmly seized the rope and began to pull. “ ’Taint no use, Miss Grant; I’ll have to do it. He told me not to wait for nothin’, never, when ’twas half-past eight, and so ”—cling, clang, cling— “I’m bound”—cling—“ter do it!” C'ang. “You see ” cling—“ even if he aint here—” Clang, clang, clang. The boy pulled lustily at the rope for about half as long as usual, and then he stopped. “ You don’t s’pose that clock c’ud be wrong, do yo’, Miss Grant ? Mr Bderl.v’s never been later’n quarter past before.” ■ Miss Grant turned her wistful and • somewhat anxious eyes toward the eastern horizon, and rested a hand upon the shoulder of a tall girl at her side. “ He may be ill, Johnny,” she said, reluctantly, “ or his watch may be wrong. He’s sure to come/in time for morning song service. Cofne, Meta, let us go in ... and have a look at those fractions.” Five—ten—fifteen minutes passed and the two heads bent still over book and slate. Twenty minutes, and Johnny’s head appeared at the door, half a dozen others behind it. *• Has he come, Johnny ?” w No’m ; sha’n’t T go an’ see-” Bui Miss Grant arose, stopping him with a gesture. “ He would laugh at us Johnny.1* Then with another look at the -anxious faces, “wait until nine *i’ ^ock, at least ” •« >!mnv and his followers went sullenly T"«i. •• the porch, and Meta’s lips began t'-fiivw. • douiethin’s happened to him, Miss «leant,” she whimpered ; “ I know some thin’ has happened!” “Nonsense,!’ said Miss Grant. Bui the went to the window and called a little girl at play upon the green. “ Nellie Fry ! Come here, dear.” Nellie Fry, an a, b, c student, came running in, her yellow locks flying straight out behind her. “ What is it. Miss Grant 1” “Nellie, did you see Mr Brierly a breakfast V’ “ xea m !' “ And—quite well ?” “ Why—I guess so. He talked just like he does always, and asked the bless ing He—he ate a lot, too—for him. I -’member ma speakin5 of it.” “ You remember, Nellie.” MisB Graut kissed the child and walked to her desk, bending over her roll call, and seeming busy over it until the clock upon the opposite wall struck the hour of nine, and johnny’s face appeared at the door, simultaneously with the last stroke. “ Sh’ll I ring, Miss Grant “Yes.” The girl spoke with sudden decision. “ Ring the bell, and then go at once to Mrs Fry’s house, and ask if anything has happened to detain Mr iBrierly. Don’t loiter, Johnny.” There was an unwonted flush now upon ’the girl’s usually pale cheeks, and sudden ■energy in her step and voice. The school building contained but two looms, beside the large hall, and the cloak rooms upon either side ; and as the scholars trooped in, taking their respec tive. places with more than their usual readiness, but with unusual bustle ane exchange of whispers and inquiring looks, -the slender girl went once more to th< entrance and looked up and down th< .path from the village. There was no one in sight, and sh •turned and put her hand upon the sway zing bell-rope. “ Stop it, Johnny! There’s surel ■something wrong Go, now, and as =after Mr Brierly. He must be ill!” ■ “ He’d ’a sent word, sure,” said th Iboy, with conviction, as he snatched h liat from its nail. I'ut Miss Grant on! waved him away and entered the soul room, where the elder pupils were now, for the most part, assembled. “Girls and boys,” she said, the colour still burning in her cheeks, “something has delayed Mr Brierly. I hope it will be for a short time only. In the mean time, until we know—know what to expect, you will, of course, keep your places and take up your studies. 1 am sure I can trust you to be as quiet and studious as if your teacher was here ; and while we wait, and I begin my lessons, I shall set no monitor over you. I am sure you will not need one.” The pupils of Charles Brierly were ruled by gentleness and love, and they were loyal to so mild a ruler. With low whispers and words of acquiescence, they took up their books, and Miss Grant went back to her more restless small people, leaving the connecting door between the north and south rooms open. Mrs Fry’s cottage was in the heart of the village, and upon the hillside, but Johnny stayed for nothing, running hither, hat in hand, and returning pant ins:, and with a troubled face. “ Miss Grant,” he panted, bursting into her presence with scant ceremony, “he aint th^re ! .Mrs Fry says he came to school before eight o’clock. He went out while she was combin’ Nellie’s hair, an’ she aint seen him since !” Hilda Grant walked slowly down from her little platform and advanced, with a waving moment, until she stood in the doorway between the two rooms. The colour had all faded from her face, and she put a hand against the door-pane as if to steady herself, and seemed to control or compress herself with an effort. “ Boys—children—have any of you seen Mr Brierly this morning ?” For a moment there was an utter silence in the school-room. Then, slowly, and with a sheepish shuffling movement, a stolid-faced boy made his way out from one of the side seats in Miss Grant’s room, and came towards her without speaking. He was meanly dressed in garments ill-matched and worse fitting ; his arms were abnormally long, his shoulders rounded and stooping, and his eyes were at once dull and furtive. He was the largest pupil, and the dullest, in Miss Grant’s charge, and as he came to wards her, still silent, but with his mouth half open, some of the little ones tittered audibly. “ Silence said the teacher, sternly. I “Peter come here, come here.” Her tone grew suddenly gentle. “ Have you seen Mr Brierly this morning?” “ Uh hum!” The boy stopped short and hung his head. “That’s good news. Peter. Tell me where you saw him.” “Down there,” nodding toward the lake. “At the—lake ?” “Yep !” “ How long ago, Peter ?” “’Fore school—hour, maybe.” “ How far away, Peter ?” “ Fig ways. Most by Injun Hill.” “ Ah ! and what was he doing ?” “ Set on ground—lookin’.” “‘Miss Grant!” broke in the boy Johnny. “ He was goin’ to shoot at a mark ; I guess he’s sot a new target down there, an’ some of the boys shoots there, you know. Gracious !” his eyes suddenly widening, “ Dy’u s'pose he’s got hurt, anyway ?” _ Miss Grant turned quickly toward the simpleton. “ Peter, you are sure it was this morn ing that you saw Mr Brierly ?” “ Uh hum.” “And was he alone ?” “ Uh hum.” “ Who else did you see down there, Peter?” The boy lifted his arm, shielding his eyes with it as if expecting a blow. “ T bet some one’s tried ter hit him !” commented Johnny. “Hush, Johnnv ! Peter, what is it? Did someone frighten you ?” The boy wagged his head. “ Who was it ?” “N—Nothin’ — ” Peter began to . whimper. “ You must answer me, Peter ; was any one else by the lake ? Whom else did you see ?” A—a—ghost!” blubbered the boy, and this was all she could gain from him And now the children began to whisper, and some of the elder to suggest possibilities. “ Maybe he’s met a tramp.” “ P’r’aps he’s sprained his ankle !” “P’r’aps he’s failed into the lake, teacher,” piped a six-year-old. “Poh'!” retorted a small boy. “He kin swim like—anything.*1 “Children, be silent!” A look of annoyance had suddenly relaxed the strained, set look of the under teacher’s white face as she recalled, at the moment, how she had heard Mr Samuel Doran— president of the board of school directors ask Mr Brierly to drop in at his office that morning to look at some specimen school books. That was the evening before, and, doubtless, be was there now. Miss Grant bit her lip, vexed at her folly and fright. But after a moment’s reflection she turned again to Johnny Bobbins, saying— ,T'1 J°hn.ny, will yomgo back as far as JYlr Doran s house ? Go to the office door and if Mr Brierly is there, as I think he will be, ask him if he would -like me to hear his classes until lie is at liberty.** Again the ready messenger caught up ; nis flapping straw hat, while a little nutter of relief ran through the school, and Miss Grant went back to her desk, the look of vexation still upon her face. r Five minutes’1 brisk trotting brought ’ the boy to Mr Doran’s, which was much nearer than the Fry homestead, and less than five minutes found him again at the school-house door. “Miss Grant,” he cried, excitedly, he wa n t there, nor haint been ; an’ fc Mr Doran’s startin’ right out, with two or three other men, to hunt him. He says j there’s somethin’ wrong about it.” 