THE SHAKE AND THE i MIQHTY S&fau; OF TBI DEEP, We—a llt^e gm ^lidz aad aiyself— were Mttad apobV bl^iBftTtappvijCiuqr budliod of »Mo^ p^rf^'ailrftieniowrt ofNew South W«lei, B»«' juOai' t(oa tbt old peoaj. ?ettlemaet of Poti'Ut^au^ V Ybne bandied f-*tbdov,tytt Ipa^tMfis'roilin, unrafBed hy tbe filnlw 1 Im .1 li nf iir. i.iint In miiIImi hnt Mnfiei innn^rim juptiod V ebiia of bl.ck, MmjiUd. tmlp-eorend ioeki tbatctood oot *niai tbe ibpn ft tb* dirtwea of a afeMeoftb ?ra*. Tbt» tide wai loir, ud aome of tbe rack* ndsai their Jao^dtmo-drted aommtta pcrbipa «U feet froa tbe aarfaoe.; othen aearta » lort, aotbat eaob ceoUa tfwril aa H came wiTirinx dmnwaid poBred'orer Ita tnrfaoe 1b a emmy ; lather of fooa i Ottnra again wen fathotni below, ud tbat -bfaic fnuiMta of Icolp apd' weed awayedt o: aod fro ooeeaabfly to the aweep of tbe oeaaamll above tbem. Aad la and about tlb rock*, and bornooc onr lb* white gleam of aaody bottom tbat, like* great table of irory, lay between tbem and the clifl bouad aboce, awam diofaa of brifbt plok ooloored tebmppar, aad (teat, luily-o»Tio{ blac-fiab. Half a alia away a awara of (alU floated motiouleaa on tbe blue expaoae ; upon die time-worn fonabon booldeta beaaath ua atood Uoea and group* of diren. witb wiop ootapnad in aoleinn aUtauw, faring aeawald. We bad climbed the jteadlfod to look tar while* ; tor ft' «ra« tbe moottifaf October, aha the gnat acbooU of bnmpbatik* aad Sabadca ?wb «niwnof awnwan wo vwow wh nvn tbeir breeding grobnds among the Bamptoo : sboals nine btudndoUei away norths at. For three weeks ibsy^bed beea passing eMrth* some times far oat from tbe lead, sometime* Within a mile of tbe ahore—hundreds of tbooandsof pounds* worth of rich blubber, wMi never a whalesbip aor wbsleboat*e ccew within tsij thon—nd arilea ; tor tbe brave eld days ot ' Australian wbaUbg enterprise died folly fifty yaarsago, j At iat,a adts or se away, « jttofinofcy spray,- aad tbsk another aad another 1 Five bomphocks— twocoaap two ealve^ and a ball— caly a small rt pod ttiat Is. a scboriL fearer and asartr ti^y oasse, tbcffbnge, blank hoops gleamiag brightly in tbe ds4riiag sunlight as tbey wse Io spout. Abaodnd yards in frpat the' old boll yoUs laiily alm^, 44 eoanding w tot rarslj, lot the sea is fell ef jqaid, and he and bb oowvsffwiSb drospiaglowar jar, soskie the lovely anrwlijy eoiiatlsa ewanae* Six worts before, as tbey had *ulled and speutod ncvibwatds.to tiM^eailagoctisef the' Bsmptoe aad Beltoaa reels. ^b^Tbad ptssed withia, |Klw^i a .hundiaayirds of tfaebesd UafiapMfUtfcutiai Perbeps, too, a fleree ' umth ssstii W blew, aad tbs eftmin of rocks that Was «0W #o geotly la?vd hy tbe marmuring waves was smothered in tbe wild tvaoil «f a roaring surf, aad tbe great bull, although bis bage, ownigated belly itched totely from the tbuk growth of iwiMong bttnaeles that bad so tormented bim of late, spouted segratTulfy aod headed seaward agate— be could sot scratch his giant frame io such ' a surf as that. But to day it was different ; aod now be oould enjoy that long-delayed pleasure of dragging his greet body over tbe rough surfaces of the submerged rocks aad tearing those, dretdfully irritating barnacles off bis twenty-fire feet of grey-whito ridgy stomach. For, suddenly, be raised his vast baad, and thee sounded, straight on end, aod tbe child by my side gave a gasp of wondrring terror aaflhe saw bis mighty'tail rise a good ten feet in^ur and then iHowly vanish beneath. .u. On weot . the Am^cL cafares,. appareuttiy taking no heed , of father, 's adden dive shore ward. He would'eM be back, they knew, .as soon ss tbe poor fellow had rid himself of those tormenting barnacles ; :%ni)7 eo witb diih nished speed they kept in southwards towards Camden Haven* But just aa the great bull came burst ing through the blue depths into the greeny hue of six fathoms of water, we saw between him and the ' pod ? two email jets, like spurts of steam, shoot np from the water between bim and his convoy?, aad 1° iapother second tbe cows and calves had eooededits deadliest terror snd were rushing seaward two thousand feet be low. For they knew that oat there in the depths lay their only hope of safety from their i dreaded aad invincible enemies^ the ' killers n and M threshers ' of the South Pacific— the murderous savafcei rcetaeeae pirates that lie in; wait for tbe retumieg 44 pods ' as tiiev travel southwards to toe oolder seas of Tasmania. Aa i tbe great humpback rAched the chain of rocks, aod had began to scratch, hisses had advanced j sileijtly but swiftly towards him. Before them | swam tbeir equally fierce and dreaded ally, | Alopias Vulpes, tbe **tiiresh^r.n or fox-*-bark. Bat, before i tell of tbsfe noble fight of giants which/for nearly two hours we gased at on that October .morning from, the lonely headland, let me 'say something about Alopias Vulpes and his fellow-pirate, Orpe Gladiator, tbe 41 killer.' First of aU,thei^as to the 'thresher.' He Is a shark* pure snd £imphvaod takes bis name from bis enormous scythe-like, bony tail, whioh form two-thirds of bis length. His mouth is but small, and whales have little to fear from tbat, | but dread the terrible knife-like sweep and downward slash of jbis tail ; for each stroke cuts through the tobgb skin and sinks deep down into tbe blubhehvJ^uch is the ' thresher ' and'in every droved *4 killers ' there is always one thresher, sometimes two. Tbe ** killer ' is 'actually a whale, for he is warm-blooded and.rises to tbe surface to spout, which he does in a manner t hat hae often led to his being mistaken for a humpback or finback whale. Be is disttnguSfhable^ ocly from tbe grampus by his mouth- which has teeth— and terrible teeth—in both jsws,; the grampus haa ♦teeth in his lower jaw -mly.'' V^fa^n be (the grampos) is a baby he has teeth in both jawn, but these of tbe upper jaw are shed and fail out wht n he is about balf-grown, ' Tbe killer has teKb in both jaws, as many a poor bnmpb'ck and flubaek has found out to his oost, for the fierce creature does justice to bis name — Orca Gladiator. Thu killers have a business, and tbey never neglect it. It u the business of whale catching and kill i eg. They are bulldog pirates of the deep sea, afad on the ' obast of Australfs tbeir headquarters are at Twofold Bay. Sometimes, but not olfc-n, tbey have been known to attack tbe monarch of tbe ocean, the sperm whale. But tbey geoerally leave him alone. He is (oe big, too powerful, and hu great ten-inch teeth and fierce spirit reuder bim a dangerous cus tomer to tackle. But with tbe right whale, the humpback, aad tbe seventy-foot flying finback, tbrkillers ean work their cruel will. And now to the fight we saw. For about ten minutes or so the great hump back dragged his monstrous seventy feet of flesh aod blubber across tbe tops ot the sub merged rocks, raising sometimes his vait head and sometimes bis mighty flukes out of the water, as witb all tbe weight of a hundred tons or more he rubbed and scraped and scratched bis itching belly against tbe surface ok tbe rocka. Suddenly, a long sleudrr, greyish ob)ect swept like lightniog upon biuj, and the thresher buried his teeth in the loose skin of bis 'smalln —that is, about fifteen or Kixleen feet from his tail. And at the same moment with savage puffs of spray shooting high from their blow holes, the two jailers jlprtod at his head and seised him by the jaw. In teu seconds there was nought to be seen but a maddened Whirl and sceth of foam, as the unfortunate vjctijn sought ... .... . v-.. to tecape seaw&rd.; Wall did be kaoW that in nob oballow water-^there was but fin or sit fetbbm*~be oopld not sonhd far below into noeab^s di^Ah^ aod, oan^ii^g bis foes witb him, oompel them to rise to air. Fifteea, perhaps twenty minutes exhausts toe air , supply of a killer ; a whale ean reosatn below tho surface for sixty. Bat he made a bold attempt, ttaishig his enormous head high in air aad giribg itii ' m ghty sbake, he freed bimsidf of one of the killers, whose body, twenty feet ia leagth, be hurled from him as if it were a min« now ; but the other, with his cruel teeth buried bolldog fashion in bis thick Ups, hugg un with savage teaaoity. And down upon bis *' email ' the ^resbW*. with his teeth gripping tbe loose, tough, aad wrinkled akin, upreartd bis lengthy form, and brought his awTul scythe-like tail down upon tbe victim a back, witb a smack that oould be beard hslf a mile away. Xt cut, and then, as the whale roUed in his agon f from the blow, a broad white streak of bla ber oosed through tbe severed skin. Before he could gather bis strength for tbat seaward rush whioh meant life, the thrown-ofi killer waa back, and bad seized him again by his starboard Hp. Too late 1 he could act sound and oould aot flee, aad the poor, worried animal seemed to know it, for suddenly he lay quiet, while the bulldogs shook bim aod tbe thresher dealt him steady but fearful blows upon his broad expansa of ehinlog baok. ** Oh, tbe poor whale !' said my little com penios^ ee aheehuddermgly clutched my arm. ' Look at that IM , ' Tbe killer fastened to tbe left jaw of the belnleafr floating monster, raising bis sqdare white and black bead about a foot or two out of water, gave it that quick jerk one sees a foi* iwnw Kirae w a raa, ano nrouguc away in ata jaws « piece of lip about a yard long— a thick strip of bloody whife and red. And. ss a terrier throws a rat backward and upward, so did tbe killer throw away the gory mass ; it fell with a heavy splash upon tbe water some Fstboms away. Then with a mightv leap tbe wretched whale sprang deer out of the water, standing for a moment or two stnight np aod downlead as he swaag his body roaad in falling we saw the blood pouring from bis jaws io a fttnaat. Be fell apsa nis beck with a terrific splash, of foam, and for a few seeoads was out of danger . gain ae retard bis head — the killers war* both fastened to his lips agsit^tear* lag off die blabbery flesh it monstrous strips. Onee, as be wallowed in his agony, he opeoed bis vasty jaw, aad eve be ooold close his mouth oae of his foss thrust io bis hclUlog bead and soogbt to tear away a piece ol bis great toogos. Aad tbat came soch a crashing aad splashing aad bewildering leaping of foam, ? d his tail Ufueaiul iteslf «nd swept round and 'uond in all direstions, aod theo strode th* water blow that oounded like a tbuodercUp. Look;' s*i J tbe child again. ' there are more of those oruel killers coming ; see, there tbey an, just below ua T tTifQr feet away from tbe persecuted hump heck, and Bail log rood and round in the greet* **tcr beyond the rooks ware five fharks. They had melt the blood of tha ftatfls. a ml war* waiting till tbey could join in.' andT^ while she killers forced tbeir bead ioto the humpback'* month and tore out his toothsome toogue, feed upon tbe quivering mass of blubbtr and reod him ia pieces Irom bis bead down to his ' email * Tbe uefortuaate aatmal was now becoming rapidly exhausted, and though be still struck tbo water resounding blows with his tail, he was oanvnlsed with pain and terror, and swam slowly round and round in a circle, spouting feebly, aad rolling from side to side in a vaia effort to shake off toe killers, aud find bis way to tbe opee aea. Thuu, aa If wearied with 'Ih Mr' attempts to get at his tongue, tbe two destroy era suddenly let go their bold aad swam away some twenty yards er so ; and the thrrsber, too, although he still lay alongside, ceased bU fearful blows and let his long, nartow, and tapering body lie motionless opon tbe water, and tfoefive giey sharks drew nearrr aad uejarer. But the kilters had not left bim, for after spouting onoe or twice, tbey slewed round aod came at the prey with a sat age rush, and lesp ign bodily out of the water, flung themselves upon his back time aad time ataio with tLc most cruel and extraordinary pertinacity. And so, at last, there he lay, his moiistr^Ufe bt- ad and thirty feet of his bade raised high out of the water, aud the white seethe of . foam in which his colossal frame writhed and shuddered iu deadly torment was tinged deeply witb a bloodied red. Better far lor bim would have been the swift, death-dealing stioke of the whaler's lance, or the dreadful ' squish ' of tbe bursting bomb as it entered his vitals, and pnt an end to him at once, than eodnre soch tortures as now were bis. But, presently, gathering bis strength for one final effort, one last spout slowly curled out, he lowered hrs head, rained bis tail, aud dashed headlong tea ward. And like demons from the pit the two killers followed hint down. Tbey knew tb*.t for a mile out the water was too shallow for him to get away from them. Behind, the five sharks *wept io swift pursuit ; ahead of all AJiopias Vulpet deft tbe water with sharp vicious *? tweepn ' of l»i* long tail. Fivo, perhaps six, minute* passed, aod tbeu, with a roariug hurst of foam and spoutiog qnickly* he raised hi* immense funn half up out of the water aud, supporting himself upon his tail, spuu round and round. Twice his cave like mouth opened aod shut, and us he beat tbe sea into froth ami *pume aiousd, a strange, awe- iuspiriug sound accompanied hi? last spout ; for the sbsrks were at biui below, tearing and riving out mouthfols of blubber, and tbe killers bad dragged out bis tongue One last shuddering gasp, and tbe uow uucou seious creature sank buckwards, and describiii^ a circle in his fiual ' flurry,' rolled over, ?* (in un,' and gave up his greasy ghost.— Louis Rer.ke* in the- ' Pall Mall Gasette.' 