Ox~i: special feature of i the present stormy atmosphere of criticism in regard to the Federal Convention Bill, is flagrant egotism. The Bill itself has been framed without doubt upon the principles of altruism or in the best interests of the Australian people. Framed in fact upon the principles that as descendants of the British rqce their natural interests are not divergent, but identical. That the. defence of those interests is also of supreme importance to all, that progressive development of the whole of the estate can only be ,e riiied by endowing each portion of it .'~witi?ithe. freest opportunities, and ihunited harmony in operation. Having iaiilsod as the end and aim of this new com ; bination .of the States, the increased progress?, prosperity and hap. piness?' of every individual in them. Ostonsively this has been the steady aim of statesmen in the past, and also obtains at the present time. Can any individual imagine for a moment that the: delegates who were interested in the arduous task of framing a measure for focussing, the aspirations of the .progressive people of these colonies were animated by a sentiment of:" concession and grab"; that the larger states went there einmply to display their power over the smaller states, or to dictate a policy of federal union at once detrimental to their interests Can, it be imagined that ,thI l delegates from the smaller states went, to the convention for the purpose of wrenching from the larger states coioessions to their own interests dtily ? Was it not the very opposite of this egotistic principle which animated the delegateo throughout? They aimed at securing l t modus operandi by mutual, ,not by forced concessions, whereby tie griter harmony aoid pro. be of all e vincia te should ,.be obiiniiinAtre ;of the ittion at re~~t ih reg riously 'slurred over' so "ederal. ists, but o con i t their own littlebil l id i~ corporatcd in the great federal schome. They belioev.ih Federation from theoir point of view, 'ft not that of the 'people. This is' po~onal agotism; It is the doc trino that all' hall be correct for me and mIoe Then there is inational e ptiem, which must be lost sight of or those who hold that as:,oNei :. outh, Wales `'has from the ati;ttiikon'the lead itnoolonial progroessi o reformsi ind the i'Fde?tion mnovemrent, it shouldL ol tt6 pr'nrier pluce overywheroi: '. That ishatovor inay be the presei!t stitu's and codditi nof the sister States they should all bow `.down to Norw South, Wales, Tho not of resenting any somblando of sucih'hn invidious position o°nthe pnrt 'of the other Statoe is forthwith .haraotorised as an attempt to boss Nyow Southl Wales, buit io notion forsooth is taken whon Noe S0outh' Walos is said to boss? the other Stats. At bet, "such 'views ohn only be claeesslfled as selfish and projudicial to 'the b?ste iitoret of: the people, ?elorationon suolh lrlciple pt G QQ. ý ýý}.}K91ýY Vý upltYy IIý } fý4ý be impossible in practice, because it would only be based on a consideration for self and not for others. This principle is soon in its most 'flagrant form when -opposing the Convention Bill, on account of its not securing pro-. portionate representation in the Sonrite or Upper House. If the smaller States are to have an equitable roprosentatior at all as States and without reference to numbers of population, how are they to obtain it if not in the Senate. The Bill secures proportionate representation in the House of Represontatives, and in that House the smaller States, therefore, would not have a ghost of a show of carrying singly measures 'of roform 'In their own interest, unless by a majority of the whole of the States. Suppose a measure to be brought forward in the Lower House. and carried practically inimical to the interests of the qmaller States or of one State,.is it n,t reason. able that snch Statd' or States "should make a last gallant defence of their owni interests in the chamber where they had the most power? If there was pro. portionate representation in the Senate, literally the smaller States would have no power at all except by permission and combination of the larger States. This would be only to drag the smaller States into the federal compact with no hope or promise of individual advantage if thelargerStates so deemed-yet just because the larger States have not secured the power to beos the whole process of legislation all through its course many would not have Federation at all. Such a spirit of egotism would accept Federation of the colonies on condition that all the larger States were able to boss the smaller ones, Federa tion on such terms would be -worse than the scattered isolation of the States at the present time, in which each State, small and great, has rights and powers of its own independent of its neighbor's, Then as to the cost of practical Federa' tion. 8ome of the anti-Federationists have repreoented this item to amount to £1,600,000, while others show it to be about one-third of that amount, Take the item of defence, which Mr. Lyne estimates under the Fede. ral Government at £700,000, while Mlr. Barton tells us the present total cost is about £400,000. How could the united forces under one central control, exceed the cost of five or six different centres ? and when estimating the cost of 'the new Federal Government as involving extra taxation, the anti- Federationists prudently keep in the back ground all reference to what will be probably saved from reducing the present pro vincial executive government, Then as to converting the Freetrade policy of New South Wales into one of PIroteo tion, Wheredoes this .come in when the present position and integrity of each State is guaranteed ? the new tariff do~ volopmont only applying to intercolonial Freetrado among the States, The worst form of anti- federationistn is undoubt edly the happy knack' of raising a few more objections to the Convention Bill, without any proposals for improving it, It is comparatively an easy matter to raise objections to the best structure ever built, but another thing to substi, tute a better otto. 