THE CITY MAN DOWN- ON HIS LUCIC ,£». WHAT IIK CAMK TO. J ' j TO EARN A CRUST. 'A' very roou prospect. BEYOND THE FACTORIES ACT. BY THE "SIIAimY GENTEEL." "Cod help you!" la mill the almost In evitable reply tr» <mc? who mentions that he Is looking fur employment, especially If his Interlocutor have hud any per- uana! experience In "mspeetlnj? the pub lic buildings." Ilnppily with the advent "f spring, thins hove betm to lc.al; a bit brinhter, for a time at Joat, for a !urj;e number who are m.-cuxtumed to many forma of manual labor, or who lmvc been brought up to soma particular mechanical "trade." There are many opportunities now offering for axe men, farm hands and rouscuhouts, which were not available a lov months ago. The "Situation Vacant" columns of the dally papers arc as full now as wore the "V.rant'.'d>" a f.nv months ago; ,uid nl- though the great majority are for fe male workers In one capacity or an other. several brunches of male Industry ore also well r jx- m Jit. ci. So may It continue to be. and Increasingly .;). OFFICE WORKERS PINCHED. But these are ehkdly of the nature .described already, or In mine branch o:' trade tu which only a man v;h« law nerved tui apprenticeship can hope to gain admission. For the immense con tingent of men of more or less educa tion. who have been brought up to cleri cal work, or In some other (professional or reml- profcsaloual) way. there Is very Slight Improvement In the prospect. If. Indeed, any at all. There Is m> "lass in . the community on whom the rec?nt try ing yearn have pressed more unmerci fully than clerks, bonk. keepers. Journa lists, shop arslstanls, ct hoc genus omne. And the reason 1b not far to seek. When fieveji or eight years ago employers found It necessary to retrench, only a few neniur hands wore kept on, and naturally enough thrxu wore the brut in their employ 5 tho unfortunate second - niter had to look elsewhere. Tho vacancies thus caused were filled up by boys and girls with small wages, mid sometimes pay ing a premium. Hut now that things are beginning to look up, as everybody hopes, there hi no door open for them to return, for the boys and girls have grown Into young men anil young women, who have laid the udvantugo of continual acquaintance with the ' fresh developments of their business, to which the old hands would be strangers, even If they were able to get back on greatly rcduc?d salaries. YOUNG LADIES COME IN. In olllce work, ugnln, many positions for which their brothers and sweethearts -had fitted themselves, and. indeed, held for -some years, are now filled by young ladles, and tho young lady .tyrcwrltcr and shorthand writer arc ubiquitous the world over. However bitterly these corcumiilanees may have been re-, (tented at llrnt, ' and however galling It may be to a man of middle ngc to find that Ids one-time oc cupation has gone, It can hardly be cal led unfair or unnatural. There is, how ever, one clans of rivuts whoso competi tion Is open to severe criticism, namely, thai of Civil Service pensioners. THE STATE PENSIONED. After many years of oillce In various branches of the public service, for which they drew more than the outside rale of pay, with lesa than I he outside demand upon nerves and constitution, and a far more secure tenure of ofHee, these gen tlemen have been retired on a pension from the public funds, and straightway mage it manifest to the Public Service Board, and to the public Itself, lhat Ihey are us fond of work an ever, and perhaps more so, by accepting situations In pri vate coneeniH at a rate or pay which they could not possibly accept ' unless they had their pensions to full hack upon. A ease hi point curne to my knowledge quite recently. A tutor was advertised for to lench three children In the country, the salary being stated at L30 per annum. This, with alt round, wus rallier tempting, but upon Inquiry It was found lhat the advertisement was incorrect, and that the salary was Lit per annum. It seems probable that, If the lower sum was actually In the "copy" of the advertisement, the Intel ligent and sympathetic compositor thought It so ridiculous that. It must be meant for 1-50. Ll» a year la about two hillings ti week, and this salary was 1 offered fur a tutor, "State school experi ence preferred," Sure enough the re- ChUryofilccannounecdUiat astute school . teacher had been engaged for the post, because, having his pension to fuli hack upon, ho could take u few months' holi day In n beautiful part of the country, .and if IL didn't milt hlm'he could give It up whsn lie was tired or It, uml wanted to get buck to town. The question is, V/ould itnynn- .have the conscience to offer L5 n year for tho education of three children If U were noc that pen sioned Slate school teachers were In the field ready to take It? KEEP DOWN THE PAY. This Is only one case out o; numbers. There are well-known business houses ' In town where retired public servants have taken positions at rates which no other man of middle uge, with a wife , and. family depending upon him, could think of accepting for u moment. Nor Is tho mischief nl) in the present. The percentage reduction to which every body hail to submit at the euinnu-ncc- men I of the depression was accepted sadly, but always with tho hope that the . old standard would he reverted to ns virion u« business came bade to Its former prosperity.'' Hut what hope can there bo that salaries will be restored, so long us men living im the public purse ure al lowed to undercut the very men who help to provblu .their, pensions? Thus the employment-seeking pensioner net only keeps out of employment the luck less Individual who may have sought in vutn for moiulia, and even year?, for rr- . muneratlvc employment; he also helps to perpetuate (ho deplorable, hut; at the .''time, .unavoidable, lower rate of pay of ! those who have been -fortunate enough -to keep I heir old appointments. ' TOO LATE. TOO LATE. It In too late to j;ay that men should not be content ur ambitious to earn their livings In shops and ofllccs. These are necessary branches of Hie hlghly- Hpeclallccd commercial hfe of to-day. The clerk and the counter-jumper are as ec -nihil to dt5' life as the plough man, the Htnelc-vhier, uml the shearer are to agricultural ami pastoral life. And th>rc never was a time when U could be said with m«re truth than at preseul that "Jack-nf-all-Tnides is master of none." A man must choose how he will earn his living, uml his success will depend upon the persistence with which h«- follows the road he hus chosen. A "CERTAIN PRIDE." Many young men, with a courage which was entirely laudvvldc, hut which all do not possess, after tho llrst few weeks of "doing tho gentleman" about lows, took to tho hush or emigrated to tho Western colony, ami after the 11 rut few weeks of "brcaklng-ln" their hands and backs, found themselves the better In health and in pocket by the cjiange. Hut not everyone bus the spirit to do no; It hi their misfortune; but a certain pride (call It false pride If you will), a certain clinging to social connection and Hurouttdlngs are constitutional with thein. Th-jy shrink from the social ostracism which would follow if they were unsuccessful (If a man Is successful, society and friends will pardon- any thing). What, then, remains for the man who for any reason whatever re mained In town throughout the depres sion. hoping "for something to turn up." He Is fortunate, Indeed, if anything In the remotest degree cognate to his pro per calling should present Itself; in time he may work Into this new groove and find It as good, or even better, than the former. But, falling this, there appears to ho nothing for him but canvassing— j another name for hawking. Employers j will not engage u middle-aged man who t has no knowledge of their business. And so we have the present groat army of hawkers or "canvassers" which Infest every suburb and every street and lane in the city. Tho busy housewife knows him and adores him; his opinion of the housewife Is not always so favorable. If the good lady could road the thoughts or hi-ar the words of the poor fellow In whore face she has slammed tho door, she would not do it again though he be the twentieth to call in the day. It Is Irritating to her, no doubt, to be called away frequently from what she Is doing, perhaps at the other end nf the house or upstairs, only to be asked to buy some dog soap or u sewing ma chine, whereas she was hoping it might be only the gas-man or the house agent. Hut It Is not for the love of It thut a man lakes to carrying a shop-load of /Mods about a suburb In order to muko a few shillings a week to keep him nn.l his ullve and chid. Frequently he has had to get a "guarantee" from an insur ance ofllco or a personal friend, and fre quently, also, he has to buy his goods outright or work on a very paltry com mission. .At times, In his anxiety to do business, lie conies across some very curious and even startling conditions. AN ATTRACTIVE BILLET. One cane mny be mentioned. The fol lowing advertisement appeared lately in a morning paper : — GEN'TLBiiANLY energetic Man wanted, ape- clii! town traveli ng. nrnvnaHiw, experi ence ininocciisnr'; cotnmiusluu probably £:5. Inquiry showed lhat whatever tho commission earned, be It LI." u week, or mure, or Jess, no money would he paid, but the "energetic man" would have to take It out In goods. Very well; ratlieri unusual, and not easy to see what he would do with L15 worth of "goods" every week. V/ould the landlord take "goods" for his rent. If asked? (They do It sometimes without asking). But, be It so! Then he must sign an agree ment making li I it i liable to a penalty of h If he divulges the secret of a copy right article which he Is tu sell. Good; and what next? Ho must pay a fee of half-a-erown before they will tell him anything more about It! There the mat ter still stands, tho wild Canvasser not "catching on." THE GlIOST OF GENTILITY. Taking It all in nil, the lot of a man' who huH been brought up to city life Is far harder when bad limes come about Uian that of ti man who has been brought up lo manual labor of any kind. The ghost of gentility always haunts him; hlH... whole training, his hublta, his physique, his predilections, his family and social tics, arc all agr.tn.HL him. Granting that the country career would be greatly to Ilia advuntugc In the point uf health, It hna still to be remem bered that he Is saddled with many con- f-idoratluns. which mitigates against bin taking lo It whun ho Ih no longer a young man, although not yet -un old one. Hence tho great number of men In Melbourne and elsewhere at the pro- uunl moment who nro (Illy described In Thackeray's phrase, "the shabby genteel." (The above appeared In portion only of Saturday's Issue.) 