TASMANIAN. Hobart, Decombor 9. Tho Premior has received a communi cation from tho Admiralty, stating that it is not thoir intention to subsidise a naval dock at Hobart, as there is nothing to justify such expenditure, there being ex- cellent docks at Molbourne, Sydney, Auokland, and Brisbane. Thu Premier has placed an order with a loading firm of English soodsmon to supply a dozen now varieties of wheat, oats, and grass, for tho purpose ot experi menting, under the auspicesof tbo Agricul tural Department. ( Tho Premier haa received a communica tion from the Agent-General, stating that tho TfUuuunian trout sont to England were placed in ico too opaque to enable them to be soon with advantage. He proposed to thaw thom, and arrange them in such a maimer that they can bu bettor seen than at present. The Womon's Christian Tumperanco Union has written to tho Premior, urging that tho proposed introduction into Hobart of a syndicate, to be known as the Colonial Consultation Company, is de moralising to the interests of the Colony, and that tho floating of tho syndicato bo disonuraged by tho Government. Tho Minister luis replied that he fully recog nises and sympathises with the union ' as to tho undesirabloness of promoting, by Govornmont aid, syndicates or anything like them for indiscriminate gambling, whioh is calculated to injure the griod name of the Colony. Joseph Archer, Albert Fulton, amd James Fulton, for playing ghost on tihu Carabridgo road, were brought up at the Police Court to.day, and sent to gaol for fourteen days. Tho Police Magistrate said he was determined to pat down t ho abominable and atrocious practice of frightening women and children. Tho tender of Mossra Ohoverton i A Freeman, for tho construction of tho Ulverstono-Burnio Railway, was accepted to-day. The contractors will commence work at once. The Premier to-day oponod the Recrea tion Hall recently established to enter tain the bluejackets of tho Australian Squadron when1 the ships arrive, whioh will be at the end of the month. ,At to-day's ceremony the American tind English flags were entwined, emblo- raatio of hope of a future alliance be- twoon thu two nations. The Golden Gate has crushed 400 tons of stone for fifiOoz of amalgam. The Government has taken Mrs McGregor's residence, 44 Lenna," for tho Admiral for two months. Before the Full Court to-day, the mat ter of the unadminiaterod estate of the lato Joseph Clarke was mentioned, and it waa deoiaod that it should be heard in the Equity division in February. An equity suit in the lato James Scott's estate oocu- pied all tho day. One of the legatees of the will sought to make the trustees re sponsible for a breach of trust in adminis tering the estate. Thu decision waa re- reserved. Launokston, December 9 There being no fresh nominations, Messrs H. J. Sadler, 8. Eardloy-WUmot, and Lindsay Tullooh were thle afternoon deolared re-eleoted to the Marine Board, Blatters in regard to the Mayoral eleotion, whioh takes place at noon to morrow, are so involved that it Is hard to say how things will go. There is a party strongly in . favor of MrPanton, but It would appoar to be one short of the requisite numbor to put him io. and Mr Storror seems in a similar position. Other names mentioned in connection with the position aro those of Messrs McOrackan, Sadler, and Sutton, bat the two former, it is understood, would rather not assume tho honors attaohiog to tho civioohair. At present indications point strongly to something in the nature of the unexpected happening. The Rev L. Tarleton, of Deloralne, has been appointed to tho parish of Longftord. Trinity Churoh branch of the Children's Ministering League has voted £30 to wards the establishment of a Children's Convalescent Home. The municipal election resulted in the defeat of Mr Wilson, tho numbers being deolared u under MoOraokan, X971 1 Storror, 1150 ; Prico. 1091 ; WilH Informnl |m|iurn, 14. ' '1 At tho polico Court tlii„ inorninl nipiiborof trivial onus woro dcoH wl Kthul Johnson sued Mnry Burn for J ins used insulting iangusgo to' hor I tho ohnrgo was dismissed. Williom d J for tho uso of ohsoono 1/inirunno >.< si £1. »>«l 7»0d costs. Jamus Shonshsnl John Monngliim woro reprimanded I diBOhargod for having lirokon tho Boo J iS!.t,.Asy,u"?c8 in rolntion to liquor 1 William McQuado, an ulderly d'J and disorderly, nns similarly dealt J Robort Hurdloy was reprimanded f„| broach of tho 'cycling by-law. 1 For somo timo past tho police J Bonovolont Sociuty authorities havo ll ondeavoring to got a young child it, I cirouinstnnoos, hoarded out by tho Gov! mont, but havo failed. Tho woman J hnd tho infant in hor possession iml an nppoaranco with it nt tho Polico Co to-day, and tho result is, it is undorsto thst a bill for its koop will bo sont to Chief Soorotary. Tho mothor i, inmato of tho contagious diseases h pital, and tho fathor is in vorv aigont oiroumBtances. 