(To the Editor of the Grenfell Reeord.) Dear Sir, — Now that tho general election is on, I beg to lay a few political views before the puh lic through the medium of your valuable paper. I think the coming b ittlo should be fought out on fair Hues, and I presume any candidate must submit to a fair criticism of his past career, poli tically and private. I first ask the electors to consider well and weigh well tho past careor of our two candidates, and lonk through tho politi cal and private life of both men, and come, to a fair and impartial decision, and not allow them selves to be veiled in any way by partisans, religious, or political societies. Tho curse of this fair land is party politicians, biased and un reasonable. We must endeavour to do away with those old political ghosts, and cultivate a more harmonious, statesman-like feeling between Capital and Labor, and a sound-thinking man, with any business tact about him, must acknow ledge that tho labourers are tho bulwarks and the builders-up of a grand and great nation in these Australian colonies. But take the general run of the workers, and you will find that they think hecauso a business man advocates a differ ent member to their's, ho is a political pirate. Now, every sound-thinking business man must recognise that when tho working classes are doing well, he, tho hotel-keoper, tho storekeeper, and all hands, aro doing well. Honce one people, ono voto, ono destiny. If any person of fair and unbiassed views submit our two candidates to a strict scrutiny, undoubtedly Andy Kelly comes out on top. Sor my tip is, Vote for Kolly and Federation, tho solid man, who would not fetter himself with the political handcuffs of the solid dirty pirty who strongly handcuffed them selves to that political suicide yes-no Reid. I consider that as one of the workers of this coun try that, tho present alleged Labor party havo forfeited thoir political life. Metaphoiically speaking, you would have to got a very strong X ray laid on to that promise-breaking same old Goorgo to discover them, for ho has swallowed them only to deposit them on a political dunghill. Yours, Native op Uubnfbll Electorate. Wyalong, June 17th, 1898. 