MKS. JOHN'SOX, widow of the late T. A Johnson of Hartfeli, Gunuedali, Hi n j Halkshaw, Aberdeen, last wei-k. UL-;>6. j ANTHRAX.—At Turn worth, 9 h-'.-H -.f: cattle died suddenly (as tliey always from anthrax or Oumbeiland tlis aM*. | MR. S. MCCAUGHEY, of Cjonong. i- the wool-king of the world. Dm i:;^ the season just closed, he has s!i«.-ni 011 his various properties uo less tini-i 1,140,000 sheep. At 80 fleeces to :!,<• bale, this rneaus a nice little Hip ui". 14,570 bales. At an average or 2w <j 1 per fleece, Mr. McCaugliey's eiieijue would come to about £265,000. It is said that the ' ringer' at a Condobolin shed this year was the h-.i.ier of an M.A. university degree. Owing to the drought the river Nepean at Camden is little better than a sewer. Judge Owen has been hearing witnesses in the Young commission inquiry. A number had been summoned and gave evidence adverse to Mr. Young. The sitting was then adjourned till next Monday, to enable Mr. Young to produce witnesses in reply. We refrain from publishing the substance of the evidence till all is over. Judge Owen's report will then give a PKECIS of the evidence, and the whole case can be judged fairly. Probably by this time the Hastings-Macleay electors begin to think that they might as well have kept their own member. Since Mr. Barton's accession, Mr. Reid's Federal resolutions have all been car l ied, and Mr. Barton's amendments defeated. Mr. Reid lias increased his majority from 4 to 23 and lias doubtless winked the other eye as a number of the sturdiest protectionists left Mr. Barton in the cold shades of opposition and followed the Premier into the lobby to vote with the Ministry on a vote of censure. It must be exasperating for so many of the Opposition leading lights to feel themselves used as mere tools and twisted round the fingers of a clever Premier whose j methods they despise. The public do not sympathise much with them however, because there is no reason to suppose they are. more honest or patriotic. They are only less clever. Let us hope that when Mr. Reid lias played himself oat —as he inevitnbly will now — there will be an entirely now and less shifty party formed than either he or the Opposition leaders. AT Pertli, W A., a ghost has been frightening some people nearly to death. At last some men wailed for the apparition with a revolver and captured him. He wore a white sheet with eyelet holes, cut in it and the mouth painted red. The captors thought of giving him in -charge, but finally introduced a paling with such vigor that he will probably not play the ghost for; some time to come. Rather a good yarn is going the rounds about a certain fat old squatter who gave a big price for a famous ram called, say,. Sir Oliver, aud overhauled that animal with a most impressive air of sheep wisdom. "Look there," he said, 'at the fineness of the wool. See the ssrrations in each thread of it. See the density of it. Look at the way his legs and belly are clothed—he's wool all over, that sheep. Grand animal-grand animal 1 3 Then they went aud hud a drink, aud the old squatter said—" Now I'll show you the difference between a champion ram and a second rater." So In; Caught a rani and poinfd out its defoefs. "See here-not hnlf thi? serrations the other sheep had. No density of fleece to speak of. Bare bellied as a pig, compared with Sir Oliver. Not that this isn't a fair sheep, but lies dear at one.tenth Oliver's price. By the way .Johnson " (to his overseer) ' What ram is this ! " " That sir 1" replied the astoiinded functionary — "Tiuil's Sir Oli vnr, Sir ! " And so it WHS. 