THE LIGHT THAT CAST NO SHADOW. Curious stories are told about the powers possessed by certain natives of India, who live up among the Himalaya mountains. Thess old men, it is said, have devoted scores of years to the study of natural laws and forces, winck tbe rest of the world Irnnroi noriifnfr ,?lfm?- Lately a German professor noted tbn ''adepts," as these queer HinHmi arereTtert, for tie purpose of rinding oat the eeerttrf thair remarkable performances. They trpatpfl him rather bCurvUy, but interested him all ifao same. One day the professor wanted toex ainine some ancient Sanskrit ?H??iiMnr^ An adept went with him to a cave whenantfao books were kept. The place wa? dark as *hs bottom of a we!L *' I can't see to read here," said tin vtatac "Then to will have some light, 9 srasther reply, and immediately (the professor?ajE) aY soft pearly light brightened the cans. Ha could not tell whence it came, bat lie noticed that it had one strange quality— it &utvot;&£ tliyktat dtadoic T bis is a story bard to believe, yet its tratt is affirmed by a. man of vast leanumfaod iugnv character, and you who now read it base no reason for doubt except that all the lights gam nave seen have cast shadows. Belief or nn> belief commonly runs parallel with one's own experience. Dr. Johnson sniffed at the account of the Lisbon earthquake, yet credited the tale of the Cock-lane ghost. A man who has been ill for years and tailed to find a core is sceptical when fri-f^ tell him of a medicine which ttey believe will mafca him well. What else but doubt could result from hia experience? Take an example:— "In the ?pring of 188^" writes our corxe epondent, **I fell into a low, weak, and lan guid state. I felt low-spirited and oat at torts. At first my stomacb was deranged, mjr appetite poor, and after eating I bad. pain and weight at the chest, f was ranch tronhlei with wind and frequently spat op a soar fluid, also bitter bile, later on I roffemri from, nervousness and greatdepressian of sports. C; kept up with my work, but had always * sens* [of discomfort Off and on I ??ii?ii"l??S nay for two years, nothing that £ took: ?c* liev ing me. At last I heard of Mnrhrr Seigel's Syrup and procured a supply. Afcer I had taken only a few doses I foandieUef; - my food digested and gradually all nervousness left me. Although I had no reason at firatta feel any confidence in this medicine, umwa^ having used it or seen it used, I now gladly: admit its value and its power over disease. Since my recovery, for which I thank jjocher Seigel's Curative Syrup, t have been mtfao best of health and spirits In the interests oE: tulfenug humanity I deem it a-dnty toeecft: you thin testimony. (Sirned) D. Griffiths, ta?on' and outfitter, 151, Uockley Hill, Birmingham, June Bth. l&Ki.;" There is a deal cf difference between Me.* Griffith's candid letter and tbe story about tfaa light that cast no shadow. Tbe iatterimcrtn true enough, but it cannot be verified ???<??—^ more trouble than it is worth. On the other hand we Uave a trustworthy witness, who w2t answer letters uf enquiry and can be -fotmdafc his address. finally, there is nothing mystic or *rr*pr*x' about Mother Seigel's Curative Syrinx Xfc acts on the theory that most MlmopAi aaefant symptoms, forms, or phases of that onrxasat disease—indigestion and dyspepsia; it cos that and tbrun-s the light of bealtn and happi ness over hearths and homes whets illness and pain had cast each dark and tantrng shadows. And that is why people be&? afi that is told of its success by eager-witnesses. 13i33E21n35x5-36 ? . I The second meeting of the committee rf the nil way employes' picnic toot place at Warn*. Exchange Hotel on Friday. January 2L. Me M. Hart presided. Uelegmtcs frm t&a; Islington ebops mod ninntne rinds, wxrand works, Glanville and Adelaide nrnntng Eiseda attended, Messra. 11. Brodieand B-Gnhsm. were appointed canvassers. Pennissifiti ra hold the picnic on the JJational Park iras panted by tne National Paxfe rnmfnrwmtw^tyi 