the rig tit rev. dr. gibnev at thr boulder. ALL HALLOWS. ( From the Kalgoorlie Miner.) All Hallows Church at the Boulder was formally opened on Sunday with the usual splendid ceremonial of the Roman Catholic Church by His Lordship Bishop Gibney, assisted by Very Rev. Father Kelly and Rev. Father Deasy. The Hibernian Society and the Building Committee met "the Bishop at the Convent, and formed in procession behind him as he proceeded to the church, attended by the priests, altar boys, and nuns. At the front door Mr. T. Brown, on behalf of the committee, read the following text of an illuminated ad dress : — " From the committee of the Boulder Catholic Cliurcli, to his Lordship the Right Rev. Matthew Gibney, Lord Bishop of Perth, — May it please your Lordship. We, the members of the Boulder Church Com mittee, on behalf of the congregation, beg to offer you a most sincere and respectful welcome to Boulder City. The first feel ing with which we see your Lordship once more amongst us is one of intense gratitude to the good God who has brought you safely through your recent severe illness and restored you to your loving flock, who could so ill have spared your sure and tender guidance. Your Lordship will have noticed the marvellous growth made by the Boulder. A large, populous, and well- equipped city stands now where less than one year ago all was primeval bush. But the oecassion which has drawn us together gives proof that the people of the Boulder have not been intent on material progress alone. We are proud to-day to ask your Lordship to formally open and bless the most spacious church on the goldfields of Western Australia. When Ave add that it is intended to serve the purpose of a school as Avell as a place of Avorship, and thus to Pn»4.Vim» flan f.wrt rxlviaofua noni'/icf vrmv Lordship's episcopal heart, Ave feel that we mention a fact Avhich makes our request irresistible. We must not omit to thank your Lordship, amongst the many other marks of your kindly interest 'or your freely-given, financial aid toxvards com pleting the building. At the same time we Avonld have you believe that Ave are not wanting in the self -helpful spirit character istic of goldfield populations, and we assure you that we shall not be content to remain long your debtors in respect of this, the least of all our obligations to you. Pray ing that God may ever giant you the grace and strength requisite for the ad ministration of this, the largest and most rapidly groxving diocese in the xvorld, Ave are your Lordship's affectionate and obed ient children." (Here follow several names.) The Bishop stated that he xvoukl reply after the service. The procession then re-formed, and the Bishop walked round the building and blessed it. High Mass xvas celebrated by the Very Rev. Father Kelly, the music being sup plied by a specialty selected choir, assisted by vocalists from Kanowna and Kalgoorlie. Miss Critchley presided at the organ. The sermon was preached by Dr. Gibney, Avho chose his text frcm the last chapter of the Gospel of St. Matthexv — " Go, there fore, and teach all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, teaching them to observe all things vvhatsoever I have com manded, and behold I am xvith you all days, even unto the consummation of the xvorld." His Lordship eloquently referred to the lesurrection of Christ, to His mes sage to men, to the propagation of the Catholic faith, and to the position of the Church, and also earnestly urged Catholics to live up to what is required of them, and to sti'ictly obsetwe the practice of their religion. The Bishop said as regards the teaching of the children, he valued the Sisters especially for xvhat- they were seeking to do for the little ones in giving them a training — intellectual, moral, and religious. An intellectual training in read ing, Avriting, and arithmetic, apart from a moral and religious training, was only a pagan training. Cicero, Aristotle, Demos thenes, Socrates, and others, had greater intellectual training than any man Ave know, but they xvere only pagans. They Avere, says tot. faui, inexcusable, as tney xvere men of such great intellect that they could not be misled. What xvould anyone present think of a man or xvonian of deep intellectual powers., great conversational abilities, and Avith a mind well versed in the mysteries of science, if they suspected that man or woman xvas a thief or led an immoral life ? In every person's mind the moral laxv as comprised in the Decalogue or Ten Commandments xvas engraved, but it required development, and that xvas the object of a moral training. If a parent xvere to come to their good Sisters and object to his child receiving moral train ing, he xvould tell that parent to take the child away. But both moral and intel lectual training were useless to Catholics unless xvith a religious training. This combination formed the trinity in the individual's education, and with it children xvill be reared xvho xvill groxv up to be a glory to God, an honour and comfort to their parents, and a credit to society, who BBBaCBH BHBBBBBSSSB xvill love their God and xvill do unto others as they xvould like to be done by. These are the lines on xvhich Catholics must march, for our Lord said, " The world hates Me, and it xvill hate you," and that was the reason xvhy the Catholic Church was persecuted. Parliament says it has nothing to do xvith the religious training of the children. That xvas the xvorld's estimate of God's mission on earth, and because Catholics xvill not drop in xvith it they are cut off. They gave £4 a head for every child attending the public school, but nothing for children attending the Catholic schools. Still, Catholics' duty to their children xvas plain. What father or mother had ever put the question to him self or herself — " What price xvould I take for my child?" That child, the Christian mother xvill say, cannot be bought xvith all the corruptible things of the xvorld like gold or silver. It is so great a treasure in my eyes that it is a pleasure to have to pay for its education rather than it should be lost. We are all heirs of God, His heirs on earth, and heirs to His kingdom in heaven. Catholics make that their proud boast, so that they should not murmur over such a slight matter as having' to pay for their children's educa tion. It xvas nothing to them if other sects did not value their various beliefs. He understood that there xvas a small debt on the church, and he hoped it xvould be met xvithin a fexv days. The people had done their work well, and the contractor bad done his part so xvell that it was a pleasure to look at it. A fexv things yet remained to be done. He hoped before long that the Church ground would cease to be an open racecourse to the town, and that the Sister's Conx'ent xvould soon be fenced in. Out of the abundance God had given them He expected a return, and if He did not get it he (the Bishop) believed He would use the whip. God does not require sticks and stones to punish His people. He has other means. He is at present scourging the Eastern Colonies, and none more than Victoria, xvhere His very name has been blotted off the school books. There was £700 still due on the Church ; the ground had also to be purchased, and he hoped soon to hear that it had been paid off. He had undei'taken a very serious xvork in establishing hospitals at Kalgoorlie and Coolgardie, but as Coolgardie xvas so far axvay lie xvould only mention it by name. Since the hospital had been established at Kalgoorlie some txvelve months ago 252 patients had been received — 131 Catholics and 121 of other denominations. Of this large number only 26 had died. Thirty patients had been supported by the Sisters themselves xvithout pay, and of the others some paid their way, nearly txvo-thirds, but others marched off and left the institu tion to pay for their medical attendance and comforts, £415 5s. He had reason to apprehend that some of the men xvhose acoounts xvere paid xvere not entered in the books, and he desired them to produce their receipts to either Father Kelly, Father Deasy, or the secretary of the hospital. He xvas not going to be trifled xvith, and he xvould not alloxv the Sisters to be trifled xvith. There xvas £2,800 noxv due on the institution in Kalgoorlie, and he believed that Catholics spent more in one publichouse than xvould put it out of debt. Yet men xvlio spend money so liber ally alloxv such an institution to be in debt. He had noxv given the Sisters instructions not to receive any more patients gratis unless they could give a reasonable guarantee or get someone to give one. It xx-as not lawful to take money from others to snend on eharitv — tliev must snortd tlioiv own money, and the Sisters could not do that so long as they xvere in debt. A collection xvas then taken up and £105 received. After Mass His Lordship thanked the church committee and the Hibernians for their address and their references to his recovery from his recent severe illness, xvhich it xvas at one time feared xvould have a fatal termination. He had the best of medical skill and nursing, but he really believed it xxras the prayers of the people pulled him through. They credited him, and with justice, xvith taking a great interest in the men on the fields, though at times he got irate xvith them, especially xvhen he thought they xvere not supporting him as he expected they xvould. He xvas much pleased xvith the progress of the toxvn. It xvas marvellous. When he xvas here txvelx'e months ago there xvas only portion of a tin house on the ground xvhere noxv there xvas the makinar of a en-eat citv. It xvould be a xvonderful place'if it kept on going ahead as it xvas noxv doing. He be lieved there xvas a splendid class of men here, and the mines xvere the envy of the xvorld. With such prospects before it, xvith its fine men and the beautiful heavens above, he believed the Boulder xvould yet become a fascinating place. The church is a fine spacious building, and may be considered the xvork of the Rev. Father O'Gorman, xvho worked night and day for it Regret \xras expressed on all sides yesterday that he xvas not present to see the consummation of his labours. During the afternoon His Lordship ad ministered confirmation to the children, to whom he delivered an appropriate address. 