CHAPTER XIX.-REVEALED BY A r CAMP-FIRE. When left alone as he was by his weird guide, called by the prisoner "of t Surgeon Powell the Ghost of the MIoun taln, Cody seemed to: feel that his I rescuer had thus resented his deter mination to rido nearer.: and find out who he. was. - . : He waited-for some little. while to see if ,lie would return, and as he did not. and' he was very:'cold, almost frozen, he decided to camp: for he -was :hot at all In dread of the outlaws after the a severe lesson he had given them, and with that stream filled .thlih?cee t-cross i to pursue him. - ? a , It-was so bitterly cold tlatlhis. wet clothing had frozen hard, and his fingers were benumbed. If he did not build a fire-soon he Imew well what the -result would:be. 7Back on the trail a short distance he remembered to have crossed a stream in a little vale,' with a-pine thicket on either side, and there he knew he would be sheltered. He had his box of matches with him, for the outlaws had not taken that, and he walked back over the trail, for lie was too cold to mount and ride. As he reached the little valley there flashed upon him the glimmcr . of a camp-fire.: At once le hwas all caution, and hitchindghls horse he.oreit forwrard to reconnoitre. . He got quite near, and saw that the camp was ln' a sheltered spot, and'the fire could only he seen from one direc tion. He.sawta man in the camp, and as his eyes felluipon him he discovered that his hands were bound together, and be. was standing against a tree, the handle of a knife between his' teeth, the point sticking into the pine before him, and he was sloily rubbing, the raw-hide bonds with which he was secured to and fro across the edge of the blade. The scout .crept still nearer to have a better view. Suddenly his eyes fell upon a prostrate form, and as the:fire flared' up more brightly he recognised I Surgeon Powell. "Heavens; It is Frank Powell! But I is he dead or a prisoner?" I1 So saying, Cody drew his revolver and drew nearer, just as the man cut through I the raw-hide bond, and grasping the knife quickly severed those upon his feet. Then he seized the knift more firmly and turned towards the prostrate form 1 of the Surgeon Scout, while he called t out, savagely: - S"Now, my doctorpard, all tarms be- ! tween.us is off, a~nd what you lhas be- I Iongs'to m." - ' . He made a ibovefor~nrd;,io,suddenly hear the words: - "Hands uip! Tour life beldong to me!" The sudden revulsion of feeling seemed to fairly frenzy- the man, and with a wild yell he wheeled towards Cody, and I sprang like a tiger towards him. There was the flash and report of. a revolver, and the man uttered a cry of I rage and pain but saill rushed on. - In his half frozen condition Cody well knew that he was no match for the man, I and he took better aim, for in the wea pon was his last shot. 1 It was true, and the man fell at his feet, burying the knife to.the hilt in the hlard ground. . -"HIa! Who fired that shot?" Tahe Surgeon Scout was Sittinrigup, his hand tb lus.liead, andri.; s ased. way. ' trying to recall himself.- :?? 'Thank God, Frank; you are not de;sd; as I feared! I fired the shot and killed the fellow that was going to knife you. But I am too cold to talk now." And the scouit went as' near the fire as he dared, and felt its genial warmth. Frank Powell still sat on the ground in a dazed way.'Then he put his hand to the-back of his head and felt a gash there, the cold having congealed the blood. ".I am wounded. Yes. I saw Cody i. chase of a ghost, and wds about to bring the weird creature's horse down with a shot, when my prisoner threw himself upon me, and I fell backward. Tell ine, Cody, are you there,' old p?rd, or am I dreaming or delirlious, for I feel mighty queer?" . , "I am here, Frank, and as near frozen as a man can be and live. You did see me chasing a ghost,.but it was one who had rescued me from the outlaws, and I left her not far from here. I was hunting a place to camp, when I saw your fire, and was Just in time to nip that rascal's murderous intention." Surgeon Powell,. rose to his feet, glanced at the dead outlaw, and, grasp ing Cody's hand, said: "I remember all now, and once more, Bill Cody, I owe you my life." 