REVIEWS OF BOOKS. "The Last Lemurian — A Weslrulian Romance," by G. Firth Scott; .lames How den, London.—This is an amplification of sensational story which was published some, time ago in the "Evening Journal" and "Observer." It is a literary aval anche ot horrors, and reminds the reader of Rider Haggard in "King Solomon's Mines" and in "She." One of the heroines was at least unconventional, as she stood 20 feet, high, was as yellow as a guinea, and seemed rather proud of her complexion. 'J his lady had been a resident of our world for some hundreds of years, but she is dead now. She was surrounded by bodyguard of distorted dwarfs, like "sun dried mrnnikins." These, likewise, were of uncertain age. 80 also was the buuyip, tc which the reader is introduced in asso ciation until startling phosphorescent effects, dazzling lightning, oar - splitting thunderclaps, and many other things eerie and uncanny. The bunyip, according to the principal character in the book, was the only one in the world; and, as that character killed it, the hunyip . family must now he as extinct as tlie patriotic politician or the diprotudon. Natural his torians may in the circumstances like to take note of the fact that this mysterious Australian animal — which lias been the subject of almost as much lying as the Hospital—was a cross between a ltangaroo and a crocodile, and its laugh containe.d "all the blood-curdling elements of a thou sand maniacal fiends," Incidentally the author tells of mesmerism, crystal visions, and many natural and unnatural pheno mena; and if there be anything weird which he has not included in his museum of amazing impossibilities the reviewer has not been able to think of it. One defect in the hook recalls another attributed to some clergymen and nearly all ladv writers of letters, who arc said to underline so many passages that their communication loses any distinct emphasis which R might other wise have had. Mr. 8oott piles'his sensa tions 011 So incessantly that the effect of them itj "in .danger of 'being lost, and he lacks the knack of inducing the reader to imagine sometimes that the inconceivable may he the actual. Yet lie can write vigo rously. "The Nigger of the Karclssus," by Joseph Conrad; W. Heiuemaini, London.— This book has evoked; and will evoke,'the most diametrically opposed opinions. Some readers have pronounced it to be a master piece of genius by a gentleman whose only successful rival is Rudyard Kipling, and others have declared that it is exasperating in its methodlessness. Our view is that it lacks somewhat in constructive ability and plot and balance, but that it contains un doubtedly brilliant descriptive work. The , whole volume is devoted to the voyage of a sailing vessel from Bombay to England, -and one feels towards tire end ol" it that tlie trip has taken too long. The ship is the Narcissus, and - -e "Nigger" is a negro who comes on board at the lost moment «s the last man in the ship's complement; end an odd fish lie proves to be. Allowing for slight contradictions The picture of his character is remarkably well drawn, and the "human nature'' touches throughout are I lifelike; but it is iii the description c-f the —; . , , .' ship and its surroundings that Mr. Conrad "shines. While rounding the Cape Mie vessel is struck by a terrific hurricane. The captain's brow - becomes more and more, corrugated in sympathy with the "ominously increasing furrows on the -ocean's surface; -. The patriarchal A.B. of the ship observes:— ' . "The old man's in a . temper with the weather, but it's no use. bein' angry with the winds of-heaven:" and the bosun re marks with a grunt, Every' bioomin thing • in tne ship is going overboard thiB after noon." The author proceeds to describe the storm thus vividly:— "Just at sunset there was .a rush to ..shorten sail before -the menace of the sombre hail cloud. ' The hard gust of wind came brutal, like-the blow of a fist. The ship, relieved of her canvas in time, re ceived it pluekily. Sheyielded reluctantly to the .violent onBet;~then, coming up with a stately and irresistible motion, brmight her spars to windward in the teeth of the screeching squall. - Out of the abysmal | darkness of the black cloud overhead white | bail streamed on her,- rattled on the rigging, leaped in handfuls off the yards, j rebounded on the deck.—round and gleam- | ing in the murky turmoil like a' shower of pearls. • It passed away. For a moment a livid sun shot horizontally the last rays of sinister light between the hills of steep rolling waves. Then a wild night rushed m j —stamped out "in a great howl that dismal remnant of a stormy day. There was no j sleep 011 board that- night. Most seamen ] remember in their life one or two such j rights of a culminating gale. Nothing • seems left - of the, whole universe but darkness, clamour, fury—and , -the ship. And", like tee last vestige of. a shattered creation, she drifts bearing an; anguished remnant of sinful mankind through the distress, tumult, and pain of an avenging terror. No one .slept in the forecastle. The tin oil lamp suspended on ar- long string, smoking, described wide circles; wet clothing made dark heaps on j the glistening floor; a thin layer of waiter | rushed to ana fro. In the bed places men lay booted, resting on elbows and with open eyes. Hung up suits of oilcloth swung out and in, lively and disquieting like reckless ghosts of decapitated seamen dancing in a tempest. No one spoke, and all listened. Outside the night mooned and sobbed to the accompaniment of a con tinuous loud. tremor as of innumerable drums beating far off. Shrieks passed through the air. Tremendous dull blows made the shin tremble while she rolled under the weight of the seas toppling on her deck. . . "The Well-beloved—A Sketch of a Temperament," by Thomas Hardy; Mac millan's Colonial Library, through Mr. \\\\. C Rigby.—The temperament sketched "m this story belongs to Jocelyn Pierston, a sculptor, born on the Isle of L ortland, overlooking the English Channel; and to many readers the most interesting- portion 1 of the book will be the descriptions of this place, and of its quaint, old-fashioned in habitants. Mr. Hardy has "disoovei'od Wessex and made it his own, and his customary charm of writing characterizes this book, although the story will liardly r.ppeal to the ordinary reader. Jocelyn s "temperament" is the artistic, and his "Well-beloved" is the ideal woman to love. He thinks lie meets her again and again in reality, but in a little while he finds lie is mistaken, und the dream takes further flight. The'novel is divided into three parts—Jocelyn at twenty, at forty, and at sixty. In these succeeding epochs he falls in love with a young girl, then with her daughter, then with her granddaughter; and there are various other incarnations ot bis "Well-beloved," of whom he .grows tired, happily harming no one but himself. The story is- written by Thomas Hardy, so it is needless to say that it is well done I as literature: and though there are many Extraordinary and even perilous situations, lie spares us that unpleasant element which has spoilt so many of his later I books. "What Maisie Knew," by Henry James; William lleiiienianu, London.—The main object of Mr. James in writing this book is to give a description of the impressions of a child in extraordinary surroundings, and in so far he has succeeded. A girl s character is drawn with subtlety and cle verness. We see her mind developing 111 peculiar circumstances, while her relatives arc amazed at the knowledge of life she shows and then baffled by sudden remarks, which make it clear that she has no real understanding of the inner meaning of the dreadful scenes which go on around her. As a character study the book is immensely clever but of tbe story which surrounds it what can be said V The plot opens with the divoiee of Mr. and Mrs. Beale barauge —Maisie's lather and mother—under condi tions highly discreditable to both; and the decision that the child shall spend six months of the year with her father and six months with her mother. She thus becomes a shuttlecock between two hateful people. Her first pretty governess is entangled with Mr. Faraugc. ami finally persuades him to inuiTV her. and is known through the rest of the book as Mrs. Beaks while her mother, Mrs. Farauge, goes off with Sir Claud, and ultimately induces him to marry her. Thus Maisie finds herself with four parents, and is taken possession of by .Sir Claud, who spends most of his time in the schoolroom with her and her old governess, Mrs. Wix, one of the best ciiaincters in the book. As the narra tive develops Maisie's father. Mr. Favauge, runs away with yet a tlnrd lady, deserting Mrs. Beale, and bequeathing .Maisie to her, while her mother elopes with an African millionaire, leaving Maisie to Sir Claud. Meanwhile, Sir Claud lias been fi.liing in love with Mrs. Beale, who is a beautiful but wicked woman, and the rest ol the book is taken up with the struggle between old Mrs. Wix, Sir Claud, and Mrs: Beale for the possession of Maisie, and with the desperate attempt of Mrs. Wi< to rouse Sir Claud's moral sense, and through h's love of Maisie to save him ftom Mrs, Beale. The reader finishes, ' dazzled by the cleverness of the preset nient of file main theme, and charmed with little pieces.of local colour, but wondering whether it is worth the while of so distin guished a writer to waste himself 011 such u preposterous tale. There is nothing re volting in the vav in which the story is told — the absence of realism and uie manner in which everything is presented through the mediuin oi' a child s impres sions give it the air of an absurd farce a whimsicality. The reader also feels, and appreciates the possibility of a child being able to preserve purity of soul in tne n.idst of a hotbed ol iniquity. 