THE GERMAN EMPEROR IN PALESTINE. cuenca CONSECRATED AT JERUSALEM. (THE TIMES WEEKLY EDITION.) The cavalcade at the entry of the German Empress into Jerusalem was led by six mounted equerries. After them came a carriage containing the Foreign Consuls. Then the Emperor, preceded by trumpeters, was seen riding on horseback. He was clad in his service uniform, with numerous Orders, and wore in addition a while silk dust dress, cut like a pilgrim's cowl. The Empress and the ladies of her Majesty's suite followed in carriages. On Monday at daybreak the Imperial camp, to Muristan, the site of the new church, was densely thronged by crowds of all nationality. About 0.30 the Emperor and Empress quitted the camp, the Empress and the ladies of the Court in State carriages, and the Emperor, who wore the magnificent white mantle of the Teutonic Knights, on horseback, atten- ded by a brilliant cavalcade of Knights wearing the mantle. Tho Emperor and Empress entered the church to the strains of Handel's "See the conquering hero comes," the choir then sing- ing " Tochter Zion's freue Dich '' and " Hos- anna, David's Sohn !" The whole congre- gation then sang an old German chorale and an address was delivered by Oberhofpre diger Ryander and the prayer of consecration followed. A most interesting scene followed the sermon. The Emperor, advancing alone through the chancel and up the altar steps, knolt for some moments in sileut devotion and then, turning to the congregation, delivered a written allocution. He thanked God that His Providence had brought him there to be present at the consecration of a German evangelical church in Jerusalem, opened in the name of himself and his lamented father. He hoped that this church would be the monument of a united evan- gelical church of Germany and the centre point of Christianity. Ho prayed that all nations might compete in furthering the work of Christianity, and urged that Christianity should display itself not in Krofession only, but in good deeds. His lajesty concluded by advocating the union of tho various branches of the Christian faith both in Palestine and throughout the world. The Emperor and Empress then left the church, the organ playing Handel's "He shall feed his Hock. Thus concluded an interesting and memorable ceremonial, the historical importance of which will before long be apparent. A special telegram to the " Lokalanzeiger" gives an account of tho visit of the Emperor and Empress with their suite to tho tomb of David on Mount Sion, This is the first occasion, it seems, since the year 1187 that a Christian has been permitted to visit the tomb, which is a Mahomedan shrine of the most sacred character. The tomb is a large block of stone like a sarcophagus, and lies concealed behind a richly embroidered cur- tain of silk. The following telegram of the Emperor to the president of the society, the ex- Landrath Herr Janssen, at Aix-la-Chapelle hus been published, " His Majesty the Sultan has transferred to me the piece of ground ' la dormition de la Sainte Vierge,' and I have resolved to bestow it in free usufruct upon the German Society of the Holy Land in the interest of German Catholics. I rejoice to be thus able to fulfil an urgent desire of my Catholic subjects. May they see in this act a proof of the paternal solicitude with which, although belonging to another creed, I am always endeavouring to watch over their religious interests !'' The Emperor William sent the following telegram to the Pope in French, " I am happy to be able to inform your Holiness that, thanks to the benevolent intervention of his Majesty the Sultan, who did not hesi- tate to give me this proof of personal friend- ship, I have been able to acquire in Jerusalem the piece of ground known as ' La dormition de la Sainte Vierge.' I havo decided to place this territory, consecrated by so many pious memories, at the disposal of my Catholic subjects, notably the . German Catholic Association of the Holy. Land, It rejoiced my heart to bc able to prove on this occasion how dear to me are the religious interests of the Catholics, whom Divine Providence has confided to my care. I beg your Holiness to accept tbe assurance of my sincere attachment." Tho Pope replied as follows, " We are deeply touched by the courteous telegram which your Majesty has been pleased to address to us, informing us of your decision to present to your Catholic subjects the site of ' La dormition de Ia Sainte Vierge ' which you have acquired in Jerusalem. In expres- sing our lively satisfaction, we feel 'sure that the Catholics will be very grateful to your Majesty, and we are pleased to unite with them ¡ti expressing our most sincere thanks." The German "Gazette" gives prominence to the reply made by the Emperor to au address in which Father Biever, director of the German Catholie settlement at Tabgha, expressed the gratitude of German Catholics living in Palestine for the protection they enjoyed under the " glorious sceptre " of his Imperial Majesty. His Majesty's words were as follows " Your patriotic address has afforded me great pleasure, and I thank you very much for it. In reply, I stn glad to have the opportunity of declaring once for all that my Catholic subjects may always be sure of my Imperial protection whenever and where ever theyrequlre it." The Constantinople correspondent of the " Temps " vouches for the Emperor William having said : "The French are extraordinary. When you see them separately they are charming, but in a mass they are unbear- able. They refuse to understand that if we we two were allies we should rule the world. Never mind 1 I shall end by forcing my friendship on them." In connection with the completion of tho Clergy Training College for the Diocese of Grafton and Armidale, it is proposed to hold a Diocesan Festival on the lab February. The Bishop has already received promises of speeches from the Archbishop of Sydney, the Bishop of Ballarat, and Right Rev. Dr. Stretch. The yearly examination of deacons and lay readers in the diocese of Grafton and Armi- dale is now being held at the Bishop's registry, Armidale. Candidates are in at- tendance from all parts of the diocese The examination is supervised by the Rev. W. Flower, M.A., as examining chaplain to the Bishop. The Police Department has;. appointed three female attendants for duty at. the Central Police station, one of whom will always be on duty. They will have charge of ail women prisoners incarcerated there. Should the innovation prove a success, the system will be extended to other police stations. According to Father Brown, in a paper read before the Scientific Society nt PrestoD, a queen bee sometimes lays at the rate of two eggs a minute, and the total weight of the eggs is one and a half times that of her own body on a summer day. As she lives four or five years, she must lay about one and a half million in the course of her life. Her eyes are smaller than those of the other bees, owing to long residence in thu hive. Her sting is three hundred times smaller in diameter than a pin, and ns she can seldom draw it out after stinging a person Bhe leaves it in and dies afterwards. Tho Armidale Chronicle observes that while it is difficult to get honorary magis- trates to adjudicate ab police courts, , the temple of justice is packed in the J's.P. at courts for tho revision of the Jury list, when absentees aro liable to a £10 line. Some experiments recently made in Belgium tend to throw doubt on the truth of the assumption that insects are guided to Howers by the brightness of their colours. Brillinntly-colourea dahlias were covered so as to show only the discs, and butterflies and bees sought these flowers with tho same eagerness nnd frequency as those which were fully exposed. The conclusion reached that the insects were guided by the sense of smell rather than by their sight seems conclusive. The Earl of Hopetoun, formerly Governor of Victoria, has been appointed Lord Cham- berlain. For fair, straight dealing, give Glissan a trial.» SHAKESPEARIAN HEADINGS.-The charac- ters for the reading of "Julius Ciesar " have been allotted as follows: - Julius Ciesar, Ghost, Mr. Dellow ; Marcus Antonius, Mr. Johnson ; Lepidus. Strato, Mr. Kipping ; Marcus Brutus, Mr. Goode ; Cassius, Dr. Henry ; Octavious Cassar, Artemidoru9, Mr. Bondfield ; Casca, Clitus, Marellus, Mr. Har-, ding ; Cicero, Ligarius, Mr. M'Grath ; Pub lius, Volurnnius, Flavius, Mr. Matheson ; Citizens, Servants, Mr. Carson ; Decius, Brutus, Cato, Metellus Ciruber, Soothsayer, Mr. Jones ; Portia, Pnpilius Lenn, Cinna (poet) another poet, Mrs. Henry; Calphur nia. Miss Weston ; Titinius. Claudius, Dar daniuB, Miss Armstrong ; Mussnla, Lucius, Pindarus, Miss Coleman : Luciliup, Varra, Cinna (conspirator). Miss Marks ; Trebonius, Miss Kennedy. The following syllabus has been drawn up :-December 15 : reading " As you like it"; essay with discussion. January 5: rending "Julius Ciesar"; lOch, essay on "The Tempest." February 4, reading ; IStb, selected reading nnd recitations from Shakes- peare ; March 4th, essay and discussion "Richard III.";.lSth, reading; April 1, essay and discussion " Comedy of Errors ;" lath, reading ; 20th, scenes from Shakes- pearian playf. There will be a short vacation for the holidays, after which, in all probab- ility, a more conveuientroomwillbo selected. VICTORIAN BUSH FIRES.-The destruction wrought by tho bush fires which raged out near Bruthen is a great deal moro extensive than nt first believed. After doing damage to the outskirts of Bruthen yesterday morn- ing, a seething sea of flame swept an in a southerly direcLion. At Mossiface the resi- dents all turned out to battle with the flames, and the receiving store of C. H. Jackson and Co. was marvellously saved. The fire moved so rapidly that bub little warning could be given cattle, horses and sheep feeding in long rich grass up to their bellies, and they did not realise their danger till the flames swept down, roasting them alive. Tbo country around Tambo Upper Presented a terrible scene of devastation, housands of acres of country lay bare and black, a few posts and rails indicating where roads had been. The fenceless paddocks were strewn with charred fragments of timber in all directions, while sheds; barns, fowlhouses and pigsties were gone. Several settlers were completely burned out, losing everything. Cattle, sheep and pigs were to be seen hero and there scorched, singed and exhausted, while others lay beside them burned to death and half roasted. During the fire birds dropped dead from the trees, and the heat was fearful. One burned-out selector, when asked tho extent of his loss, said that he had had 12 head of nice cattle, and of these eight were burned to death, while two bad to be shot, and two little poddies that survived carno up to whero the yard had been to look for their morning feed all scorched and blackened. TOTALISATOR BILI._The second reading of the Totalisator Bill was moved in the Legislative Council by Mr. Pilcher, who explained that the measure was designed to encourage racing by keeping tho number of racecourses within reasonable bounds, and to provide that the prizes offered should be of good value, with the object of attracting the best class of horses in the various events. The bill would have a tendency to reduce betting per medium of bookmakers. The measure provided that clubs conducting race meetings within a radius of 40 miles ot Sydney would not be permitted to hold a license entitling them to use the totalisator unless the prize money amounted to £500 per day, exclusive of entrance fees and sweepstakes, while clubs within 25 miles of Newcastle would be required to furnish prizes amounting to £300 per day for added money, and all other country clubs £150 per doy. The clubs would be entitled to retain 10 per cent, of the money passing through the machine. Of this sum one-fourth would be payable to the Colonial Treasurer and, the remaining 74 per cent, must be devoted in the way of increasing the prize moneys at future meetings. The debate was adjourned. THE COLONIES' GOLD YIELD.-A couple of weeks back a correspondent inquired the relative gold yield of the loading Australian colonies, which we then were unable to give. We have since ascertained the yields for the first ll months of 1807 and 1898, which are as follows-Western Australian raines gave 002.020OZ9. during the first ll months of 1807, and for the same period of thisyear053,425ozs. The respective figures for Queensland were 705,031 and 822,108ozs. ; Victoria 723,000 and 702.247OZ?. ; New South Wales 202,217 and 285,020ozs. All but one colony show sub- stantial increases. The total for the ll months of the years named are-2,324,OSOoz?. for 1807, and 2,823,709oz». for 1808, an increase of nearly half a million ounces, representing a value of about £1,800,000, probably about two millions of an increase for the year. The value of gold won from the mines of the colonies named for the current year is estimated at 131 millions. ROAD AND BRIDGE CONTRACTORS.-Some information was given in the Assembly by the Minister for Works regarding the lia- bility of road and bridge contractors under the Government. It seems that a deposit is required in all cases before a tender is accepted, and the deposit is forfeited should the contractor fail to take up the work. A regulation providing for forfeiture of deposit if work was not started within 14 days after signing contract would not be practicable ; but when dealing with the question of fines for overtimo any delay exceeding a week in starting is fully considered. It is unusual for a contractor to have so many as five or six contracts in.hand at the same time ; but should this happen the time for all the con- tracts would run concurrently, and overtimo be punished by fines. A CUMBERSOME LAW.-Mr. M'Nevin, the P.M. at Parramatta, made a sensible obser- vation in dealing with a case at Ryde last week, in which a Ind was charged with the larceny of a purse. In such cases, accused ÍB not usked to plead till after the evidence for the prosecution has concluded,' and if he then pleads guilty, the time and trouble of taking depositions is so much time wasted. There are cases of this description where a prisoner's plea is virtually known from his statements to the police, yet tho tedious procedure of taking evidence must be gone through before he is asked to plead. The Parramatta P.M. pointed out that cnBeB of this description could be dealt with in five minutes, when, under the present method, they occupy as many hours. . GRAFTON AND GLEN INNES.-Tho G. I. Examiner writes : If the Grafton-Western railway is constructed several of the largest station properties in the Inverell district will be cut up into agricultural areas. Tenterfield asks for a railway to Lismore, bub gets all her goods through the Clarence -tho natural outlet for New England. The magnificent scenery between Grafton and Glen Innes is being illustrated. Lord Hamp- den regards it amon¿.* the finest in tile world. Mr. Reid intends to visit tho Clarence during the recess. An invitation should be sent to him to return to Sydney via Glen Innes. ACME 01? IMPRUDENCE.-The proceedings of the divorce court in Sydney last week reveal a marriage which seems to have reached the acme of imprudence. The applicant for a divorce was a wife who when yee a schoolgirl of 17, and wearing a short dress, had been married by a clergyman who with no further inquiry, and in spite of her appearance and dress, accepted her statement that she was 21. Her father and mother had refused their assent, to the union; and their attitude was justified by the subsequent conduct of the husband, who was nearly always drunk, and who deserted hts girl-wife after having lived a fow months with her. The divorce asked for was refused for the time, bub tho Judge very properly made some observations in Btcrn condemna- tion of the headstrong folly of the girl and of the remarkable conduct of tho clergyman, without whose neglect of obvious duty such a marriage could scarcely have been per- petrated. The incident is a painful example of disobedience to parents, of rash and thoughtless gratification of feeling too ardent to promise permanence, and of the blameworthy conmrance in the manner mentioned of a minister of religion in tho crowning act of youthful folly and reckless- ness.- Maitland Mercury. 