HER ESCAPADES, ADVENTURES, AND BITTER SORROWS. By WILLIAM BLACK. Author of "A Daughter of Heth," "A Princess of Thule," "Madcap Violet," "In Far Lochaber," "White Heather," "Stand Fast, Craig-Royston," "Highland Cousins," &c.;, &c.; [Published by special arrangement witli the Author. All rights reserved.] " Chapter XVII.—Deeper and Deeper. Surely never in all the world was a literary co-partnership carried on in more enchanting circumstances; golden afternoons, with the sunlight flooding the spacious greensward of the tennis-lawn,; the garden plots brilliant in purple, and white, and scarlet, and yellow; shaded seats (for earnest consultation) under the spreading limes ; and then the promenade along the river-front overlooking the pink-grey shingle and the shining breadth of blue water stretching over to the leafy heights beyond. This young Gilchrist foresaw his ruin and rather courted it, .so demented was the lad. He was bewildered by lier eyes, as the sea birds are bewildered that dash themselves against the glare of the lighthouses on the wild Atlantic nights. And the belle dame' sans merei "went singing on her way" without a thought of harm. Why should there be harm? She was-eagerly interested in these literary projects. The doctor-burglar story was proceeding apace. Then he brought her the _ monthly magazines for her perusal and opinion; and her smallest hint, of approval or disapproval, waxed large when it came to his writing out. How little did the ladies and gentlemen who were strenuously calling attention to them selves in these periodicals imagine that their pathetic efforts were being adjudged ' upon during idyllic conferences under the great black araucaria, while the wide stream mur mured as it swung along, and the soft winds blew and the honeysuckle was sweet in the air. No doubt the Invernish Observer could hardly be regarded as a supreme authority ; nevertheless, type is type; and there are agencies for snipping out and forwarding to these anxious aspirants any newspaper mention of them. The tragic thing js that no similar agency exists for guaranteeing that none such paragraphs, of whatsoever kind, shall enter a private person's house. Then he had grown less shy and apprehen sive in manner; modest he always was and desirous to please, but his glance was not now so painfully alert; in short, he was feeling a little more at home, while his extensive read ing and his judgment in bookish affairs gave him a certain position. Moreover, he had incidentally been introduced to oneujr two of Miss Eelin's companions and to their occupa tions and diversions. Lily Neile, for example, would bring along her brother, and these four (when MSS. and magazines had been deposited on a .window-sill) would make experiments in croquet—a game that had just been revived after sleeping peacefully for a generation. And the' favoritism shown by . this young newspaper man—and the wild excuses he had to make in consequence. If Eeliu and he were on opposite sides — for some such distressing arrangement would occa sionally happen — and if she were lying in a good position at her hoop, and if , he could easily have gone down and driven her away, he would deliberately do something else; and then as a kind of afterthought he would by way of apology say to his indignant partner, "Well, yes, perhaps I ought to have gone down to her." And then the intentional misses—when it was Eelin who was his enemy! Lily Neile was a most good-tempered, not to say a hilarious, lasi, but sometimes she got angry,-or pretended to be angry. "Xou two," she said one afternoon to her chief girl-friend, "ought always to play on the same side, and_ then we might have an honest game. He simply won't crocjuet you. It's disgraceful.. See how I am handicapped." And then Archie Gilchrist, suspecting that remarks were beiDg made about him, came up blushing and eonfussd and stammered forth an apology. "Did you ever see anyone play so badly? I'm not sure that the lawn is quite even just there. The roots of that lime tree may run a long way underground—" At which Lily Neile burst out laughing. " The roots of a lime tree!" said she. " Mr. Gilchrist, you know perfectly well; that you deliberately missed -that ball. I' saw you do it!——"j "Yes, you saw me miss the •ball," said he; "but the intention is a very different matter "You are always playing into her hands—it isn't fair," contended the irate damsel (but she was giggling, for she saw that Eel in did not like this; too open accusation). " And next | game I must have my brother for my partner; then you; two can nurse , each other,as. much as ever you.like." : ' ^ ; The awkward feature of the whole situation was this, that these two, Archie Gilchrist and Eelin, of the eyes like the sea-wave, had for a long time back been alternately love-making and jeering at each other through the columns of the Irivernhh Observer : but now, when the Saturdays came round, "Eairfax" was dis covered to have grown exceedingly respectful, as if he were addressing a real person. Eelin promptly, perceived the danger. "Mumrnie," said she, with a copy of the paper in her hand, "I can't have this at all, you know. If Mr. Gilchrist is to come here he must understand and remember that 'Fair fax' and ' White Cockade' are quite imaginary people who never existed, and the way they have been talking at each other has also been quite imaginary, of course—certainly obviously—quite imaginary—quite " "Are you only finding _ that out, now, 7?o1tn wmfclmr* nclrprl wif.h nn.lm Rfimfcinv Eelinthe mother asked, with calm scrutiny. "I told you long ago that all that farrago about assignations at the islands would be come rather compromising if you were to meet the young man in actual life." "Ah, but I won't have it!" said Eelin, with unusual perturbation. "There must be a distinct understanding. All that nonsense that has been going on was between two ghosts and has nothing to do with him or me. Of course not! And if 'Fairfax' chooses to be timid, and complimentary, and courteous, why, it's his own lookout!" she continued, with more spirit. "I'm not going to spare him—not I f I will hew and hack at him ! I will cure him of his John Kiioxes, and his Fairfaxes, and his Cromwells." "Oh, no, you won't, Eelin. He seems to me a most amiable youth " ."Now there you are again, mother," the girl cried, with some little touch of shamefaced color. " You are assuming that the newspaper people and tho real people are one and the same; whereas they are not—and never could be. The young man who comes here is a very nice, quiet boy, as distant in speech and demeanor as could be wished ; and besides he is so very clever and well informed; why he can tell you everything. Very nice and very I interesting. Only, he must distinctly under stand that he has no relationship with' me handed over from ' Fairfax'—however respect ful 'Fairfax' may choose to become." i '' I thought you might find some difficulty," said the mother, regarding her. "Oh, no, there must not be," the girl said with decision. ".There must be a clear under standing, f I will tell liim the very next time he comes out that 'Fairfax' must remain 'Fairfax'; a very slight hint will be sufficient. | For of course I don't want to quarrel; he him self is really a very nice boy—such an interest ing companion—so unlike other young men; don't you find him so, mummio "Oh, I like him well enough," the mamma said, rather more cautiously; the whole posi tion of affairs puzzled her. ! -Nor was it quite so easy as Eelin had thought to warn this young Archie • Gilchrist that he must in nowise consider himself to be the in heritor of ■; the rights, privileges, and immu nities arrogated to himself by the imaginary "Fairfax." For the real young man never presumed one hair's-breadth in that direction : on the contrary, although she had got to be in a measure dependent on his advice, he was careful always to preserve a certain attitude of deference—to Miss Maedonald of ICinvaig. And how could she complain that the ghostly^ contributor to the newspaper should be showing himself respectful to her other and ghostly self? _ The only way to clear up this somewhat perilous atmos phere was; for "White Cockade" to attack him boldly in prrint. She would show him what she thought of his William the Thirds! She would sound the gathering of the clans; and fight the old battles over again; and lament fallen fortunes; and raise her glass to hitn beyond the seas ! There was to be'no more fanciful love-making, no preconcerted meetings _ out at the Islands, no secreting of envelopes in tho first ash tree east of the Priest's Well. Who was this "Fair fax," with .his Whigamore sentiment and his " Declaration of Impudence" "A man's a man for a' that ?" , At all events she would makelt'. clear that . his extreme courtesy was wholly thrown away upon the person signing herself "White Cockade," who was resolved to main tain the freedom of her opinions and prejudices and habit of speech as unrestricted and invio late as ever. On one of these golden afternoons Arclne Gilchrist—the real and actual person—walked out to Glengarva Honse ; in his pocket there was the completed story of the doctor who to revenge himself upon society joined a gang of burglars. ■< It was rather a wild afternoon; during the previous day and night there had been rain up in the hills and now the river was roaring down in purple spate; moreover the blustering'gale from the south-west had not subsided, but Miss Eelin had pegged down and erectecla canvas tent between the black-green araucaria and her honeysuckle bower; and in this sheltered nook her mother and herself were able to follow their usual occupations, whilo at any moment they could look abroad on the swinging current, on the row of trees that were tossing and straining their branches in the gusts of wind, and on the brilliant garden plots, wheie the nasturtiums, and car nations, and asters, and pansies white, purple, and pale yellow, were driven down by the breeze -and would then recover themselves and sway and bend and become erect, in rather a joyous manner, in the successive floods of sun light. And here it was that Archie Gil christ found the two ladies; and they greeted him with a most, kindly welcome; they gave him- tea and cake and fruit; and they begged him to read to thein the conclusion of the doctor-burglar story, with which they pro fessed themselves delighted. As for him, their praises did not cheer him mueh. He was ,rather down at heart. The cessation of co partnership so far as this little story was con cerned seemed to foreshadow the end. He had been too fortunate. Ho had been placed on too friendly a footing. Well, if he was to'be relegated back to a distant acquaintanceship he was not going" to repine or reproach—cer tainly not the latter. He would accept with submission, and be grateful enough for what had already been vouchsafed him. Eor he was not a presuming lad. , Of a sudden, the glare at the mouth of the tent was darkened by a figure; and a maid servant announced Dr. Gillespie. And as the corrosion of slavery is not easily eliminated from aiiy human system a pang of contrition and remorse shot through Archie Gilchrist's nature ; here was his master; and he had been caught idling; it was as if Struthers had un expectedly come in and found him dreaming of a lme in Horace instead of attending to day book and ledger. But this master was not as the other master; he betrayed no surprise on discovering his employe fleeting the time away in this pleasant company ; nay, "after saluta tions," when he perceived the roJl of MS. lying on the small garden-table, lie hinted that a little bird bad whispered to him of a certain collaboration and he hoped that the two writers wbo had for so long been attacking each other in the columns of the Invermsh Observer would find their ad vantage in working together in peace and amity." "Oh, but understand, doctor," said Miss Eeliu, as she poured out some tea for him, " those two people are not known here. We don't recognise them. They can continue to squabble if they like—and doubtless they will, we don't even mention them. They are uot of our set." v Now whatever Miss Eelin Macdonald said or did was right in the eyes of the bland, fresh-colored, silver-haired doctor, who was smiling sb benignantly over his gold spectacles; and he fell in with the mystifica tion and made no'further reference to the newspaper combatants; but_ none the less he betrayed some little curiosity about the MS. before' him. What had his assistant sub editor and his young' friend the Daughter of the House of Kinvaig been about, when .they laid their heads together';! "Well, I'll tell you all about it," said Eelin, with her usual bold frankness. "That.:is a small imaginative piece—a piece of fiction. The original idea was Mr. Gilchrist's; but as I have had something to dp with the shaping of it you will at once perceive that it must be a work of resplendent genius. You will admit that, of oourse. Very welL So far, good." Tbe familiar, not to say the irreverent way in which this slip of a. girl treated so august a personage as the proprietor and editor of, the InvemUh Observer almost shocked. Archie Gilcbrist; but then he was not altogether used yet to Wild Eelin's ways, nor did he know that the good-natured- doctor had considerably spoiled ber by much petting. "The worst of it is," the young lady continued, "that/mow we have. completed this work of genius we don't quite know what to do with it;-and mamma wants a five-pound note for her conva lescent home ; and it has just occurred to me, my dear doctor, that you might take the story for the Observer." Sbe was laughing at him—expecting confu sion, but the shrewd and good-humored doctor was not easily put out. He affected to consider her proposal gravely. " Yes'! Well, now five pounds is not a large sum—no.t a'large sum—not, at all; I, think that is what was paid for another notable pot boiler ". "A potboiler!" she exclaimed indignantly. '' I am talking of the ' Ancient Mariner,1" he said; with an innocent air. 'I think than is what Coleridge and Wordsworth got for the Rhyme, when they were away on some excursion or other and found themselves hard up." "I thought that the Rhyme was Cole ridge's and that the Excursion was Words worth's," she said, but he paid no heed to her ribaldry. - - . ■ "Howdver," he continued, this is doubt less a niucli more important production." "I have told you it is." Yes—quite so. And I am obliged to you for the offer. But hitherto we have not pub lished any serial story, in the Observer." "You should inarch with the times, doctor! she cried again. "Why, nowadays there is fiction everywhere." . . "That also is true," he replied to her, with much sauvity. "There is fiction everywhere, but especially in the political, rumors that come from Vienna.; However, my main ob jection to using your story_ in the Observer is that I should be introducing a new feature that would have to be a permanent feature, and where could I find subsequent tales of equal merit? Impossible !" "Oh, now you are taking a harmless bit of fun seriously!" slio said, pretending to be much hurt. "That's not like you, doctor. That's rather mean. And if this little tale isn't a great work of genius, at least it's good enough for the readers of the Invcrnish Ob server " That I am sure of !" he answered her im pressively, though be was not in the least deceived by her offended manner. "And as regards the five pounds for the convalescent home, well, my. dear Miss Eelin, that might be come at without disturbing the old-fashioned traditions of a country newspaper." He put his finger and thumb into his waist coat pocket; but at this point the'gentla mother interposed with more than her usual decision. " No," said she, " I will not have my guests treated in this way. I will not have blackmail levied in my house. Don't pay any attention to her, doctor—they must dispose, of the manuscript as best they can." Doctor Gillespie and Archie Gilchrist, when this visit was over, walked baekinto the town together; and the former was most friendly. "When are yon off for London?" said he. "Eor London?" . "Yes. Every young man of literary ability and ambition has his eye fixed on London. To conquer London or die—that's the watch word." • . Alas ! of late he had not been thinking of London at all. The visionary towers of West minster Abbey had disappeared from the horizon. Rather he had been considering what was to be done with a broken and hope less and useless life when the inevitable should happen, as it was bound to happen. " It is a bold ambition," continued the good doctor ; "and too often it leads to long heart ache, and ends in failure ; but for the one who succeeds the triumph is splendid. I suppose you'll try. There's something in your writing that tells me you'll try. There's a largeness of atmosphere—as if you were addressing a wider audience than Invernish—I think that sooner or later 'the terrible city' will draw you towards it. In that case I could give you some help, perhaps.. We shall be sorry to lose you; but if it should come abont—if .'the terrible city' should eventually get hold of you—then a few letters of introduction could do you no harm." " I am. very much obliged to you," said Archie Gilchrist. And it was all he could say. He was in utter perplexity—without plan or purpose; his mind a chaos; his future a matter of almost unconcern. It is true in .these later days he certainly appeared to have fallen among friends, but none the less was lie dis traught and wretched and downcast; he began to understand better the incoherent messages left behind by this or that young man or young woman who had bade good-bye to the'world and »plunged into the unknown. Love-madness is sometimes said to be a mere invention of the poets. There were suicides from hopeless love and from disappointed love thousands of cen turies before any poet was ever heard of. Then there came an evening. He. had been away out among the wilds and hills, perhaps seeking to find in their tranquil beauty and their silence some relief from the passionate unrest within his own bosom. Was it, then, to be London and a wild dash for fame and someonej, not wholly uninterested, hearing of his renown ? Or the Cape Mounted Rifles and severance for ever and forgetfulness? Or to go on and endure, letting an occasional moment of rapturous gratitude—for a look or a smile— compensate for long days and nights of des pair ? These were anxious and conflicting questions; and meanwhile the twilight had deepened to dusk; the trees along the river bank and on the wooded heights had grown dark; and dark also were the pathways and the hedges and walls; though the broad surface of the stream was still of a cold and steely hue. and in the west there was a waning silver-grey barred by heavy swathes of purple cloud. He heard voices borne far across the wide water ; a trembling orange ray spoke here and there of a window being lit up. Eor now he was aim lessly returning home with but little assuage ment of his miser v. He did not notice, but gradually and stealthily the world around him was being transformed. Overtheblackfoliagecertainfleecy clouds had caught a suffusion of faint saffron radiance; the wide iiasture3 had grown to be of a phantom grey; the mists were visible along the hills; if he had looked he would have seen that he was now casting a shadow. And at length this new presence around him became so pronounced that he could not choose but have his attention drawn to it; he turned his head to ascertain ; and behold ! there was the full moon shining through a filthy haze over the ebon masses of the woods. All the distant sounds were hushed now; the dominion of the night had begun—with the empress of the night set high on her pale and mystic throne. By this time he had arrived at the point where the garden surrounding Glengarva House abuts on the open fields; and lie was just about to go through the little turnstile to continue on his route into the town when he perceived that someone was approaching from the other side. Well, it was none other than Miss Eelin Macdonald, for she was in the habit of stealing out from the grounds and pass ing along the river front to this convenient corner, where she could better enquire of the upland country about the weather prospects of the morrow. He hesitated—his heart sick with fear; then he advanced to the turnstile, and she, having satisfied herself as to the look of the night, was about to get back -within doors again, when she recognised who the stranger Was. So she halted and shook hands with him and asked him what he thought of the sky—Lily Neile and she having some scheme for the next day. And then, of course, as he was proceeding along the river-bank, and as she had to reach the gate of the carriage drive before she could enter, they walked along together. It was a kind of inevitable tiling. The length of this promenade was simply the length of the front garden of Glengarva House —not over a hundred yards or so; and no doubt in those, few brief seconds they talked the merest commonplaces. He did not know and he did not care. Those honeyed words of hers could be recalled afterwards and counted over one by one as a miser- counts over his secret wealth. And in the meantime—that is to say, when they had parted at the gate and | when he had resumed his way into the town between the glamorous grey of the river and the wan foliage and black shadows of the trees —in the meantime his brain was all afire with this new experience, and his exaltation was of a quite blind and delirious nature. For he had walked in the white moonlight with Eelin Macdonald; and to him it was as if, in the deeps of the forest, lie had kissed Schon Bohtraut's mouth. 