GRANT'S WIFE. And when your love Em ©ooquared pride— A aiQ vii ringing to the accompaniment of the coooertiua. The ootee were long drawn end filled with - a certain rough pathos. His com* panions listened in approving eileuce until the song came to an end. " Masted a cheering thing in a man's life," remarked an oftd, thin, weather- beaten shepherd. the owner of the New Zealand hut wberin the four men were seated before a large wood fire. Jaekson'e where was the only habitation for; miles sronnd. It was situated npon a Jooely ; road,and was the general refuge for all belated shepherds, etookro en, and rabbi tees belonging to; the "run." Along, narrow room soaatily furnished, with bunks built into the walls, a! table and a few odd stools and chairs, all of j which at present were drawn op to the fireplace. The men were smoking ; the atmosphere: was dense; there wasageneral odour of fcobacoo, ■ mackintosh, leather, also wet eheep dog, for' there were several of these animals lying down j or creeping about, and the musical programme 1 was occasionally varied by a dismal howl from one or other of them which bad rashly ventured into the charmed circle round the biasing logs, j sod got in the way of somebody's great boots. | A heap" 'of damp saddles was thrown into a i comer, whips, straps, and spurs lay about ou 1 table and floor. There was no light save that of the fire, which ebed a flickering crimson glow into the room, lending a certain picturesque charm to the common-place interior, and eoften-; ing the rough faoes of the men. " Sing again, Willie," said the host, and the musician, a thick-set, pleasant lookingeyoubg man, complied, end gave them " The.Ship thai Never Returned," *' RocW Me to Bleep Mother," ». Annie Rooney," and would probably have favoured the company with half-a-dosen. more, not beiog in Ibe least bashful, hut that his next neighbour a man whose dmtinotive characteris tics were a pair of long legs, a pronounced 6oowU and a huge moustache, suggested that tbey had bad enough of him ; so he meekly deposited his instrument beneath his chair, and the party lapsed into silence, broken only by the cheerful cracklings of the burning wood and the sound of the rain on the roof. The old man took his pipe out of his mouth | and made a long shot at a glowing ember. M She's a bad 'on," he said, slowly. " I don't | like her eye." The remark was apropos of nothing, and no- j body asked any questions. «* She's a d >d bad 'an," he condoned in I an argumentative tone; but still bis companions puffed away gravely and made no answer. " She's tricky, that's what she is," be went I on, after a pause, *' and my oplniou is that the boss has got a handful." It was not a hone he was speaking of, but woman, as a remark from the muustached man J betrayed. •• You've only seen her riding, with a hat I and * veil on," he said gruUly. " What the J — do you know about liir eye J " The old man squared himself up, ready for the fray. " I haven't lived fifty- five years in this world for nobbing,*' he said. " 1 observed just now that musio's a cheery tbirg id a mau's •life; bo's a woman, when she's a good one. When she's not, bis life is—" *' Old Diok is rather amusing on social ques tions," drawled the fourth man, who bad not | spoken before—a quiet follow, looking rather I like a broken down-gentleman. " Who is the lady in question f - *' Mrs. Grant," said Moustaehto. The quiet man whistled. " His wife," said slowly. 411 say, Jackson, yon'd better be j careful what you're saying." *' She'd better be careful what she's doing,1' I auawered Jackson, angry at the n-bnke, for he j was generally considered something of orscle. " When a young woman with an elderly j husband spends half her time riding about with j a fellow like Spencer—" " Spnnetrr P" - ■ , , " Yes, that idle, loafing cad of a remittance j 111 know. I don't admire her taste." " You'll never fathom a woman," continued j the old man, .recovering his tane of wonted im portance, and staring gravely ioto the fire' | "■Everyone else oonridera tbeiellow a oad,tbere fore she's buund to be Bhook on him. He's as handsome as the devil, dresses well, and he rides Grant's horses as if tbey were his own and he had ■ about fourteen more -oat in tbe pad dock." The man with the moustache paused in bis occupation of stirring up the tobaoco in his pipe j with his penknife, and turned to his host. "You know a fat lot, Jackson," he said, "but I tbiok you are wrong this trip. She seoms a nice young woman. I have seen her once or twice pretty dose." /, J' What is she like to look at F" asked the ] quiet man, " Oh, small end-dark," said Jackson, " withl a lot of black hair that's always tumbling down when shfe's 'riding, and that's one up agin her. A nice woman keeps her hair'neat" •> The otheV mat) laughed. ** You're a rum old hard," he said* *• but I thinkTd'keej? my mouth shut on this subject if 1 were you. Whether you we right or wroog it's a dangerous business to meddle with." Then ooe of them started talking ** sheep," and everything elsefaWeaven and uponfeart b faded into utter insigtrtfieanbe. hoggets,' ewes, lambs. Merino, South Down,1 TJfacota, it went do,'ho eadless gbd ali-ri>»orbfagtojJ/o, Pipes were filled again asd again. Theflrefcot low, they talked almost in the dark. Suddenly the sleeping dogs started hp with sharp little barks, more barking was gotDg on outride, and presently the sound of approaching horses became audible, Jackson got op and threw more wood upon the fire, a shower ot sparks flew up the chimney, tW he walked over.. and opened the door. . The quiet man went on smoking. Willie rose and put his oon certina Into his bunk as If he feared the coming visitors might wish to steal H. Jt was a stormy night. jTbe wind blew thel run In at the door; the old man was calling out; to someone. .j;' .'j Theresa two of 'em," he arid, looking hack ioto the hut; ** a man and a boy." He went outside; the visitors came nearer. •♦Put your horses into the abed and give'em a feed,";he shouted. . There Was more con versation and the flicker-, ing of a lantern, and fa a abort tone. Jackson returned to tile where. His grey bur was all bloiro abont; he bed a queer ^expression fa his eyes. v.'. " They've lost their way," Jie «ud,"they are only'^going to stay a short time tg rest lhe horses and the boy." V Wbo aw tbey?"askedMoustapbio. ' Jackson did not answer,. .fart looked at the qoiet man, whose faoe was hlankand uncon cerned The logs had bheed ap; the tint eras light and cheerful- locking. A man entered ; tall, fair, and extremely handsome. Me was followed by a lad in a great coat and a knitted Tam-o'-Shanter. 'y1 V Sorry to disturb you. my friead«,"hesaid, in a deep, clear voice. *• In the darkness and, the beastly had roads we lost our way. The 'hoises are knocked np, and want abit'Ofa, spelL We bave a long way to go to F-—." ; wj^rteen:uQe8,"eaid tiie quirt man. \ 1 jacksonwes busy hanging the billyovcr the Ifiiei'< :j' - *• TO give you some hot tea," he niitotbe boy,"** borne near the fire." Oh, beh hotcold, "cried the handsome! inau.harricflly. ** Give turn a Wtfand 1H him. 'lie down. We mom through a beastly bosh tr&ok.; Hel> tired." Mustaohiothrew; hln\;a. large striped rag. He rolled the boy % ip it, and be ley dowu in a coner, k It'i d—— bad flock !* continued tbe stranger, coining forward. Who Is tbe boy tn asked Willie. Ob, a nipper from town. I'm lairing him bick to bis me." He's a go&dJootring; lad," said tbe quiet rota. " Yes." . Jscksou made itkektaV He banded some in a pannikin to the visitor,-then dipped outcome more, ced was going brer to where the boy lay, but tbe other Stan pvt bis own down on tbe table. * ** I'll take it to him," be said. Tbe quiet man looked at Jaoksonand rawed biseyebrowsa"*hair's brendtb. Tbe stranger oame baek to the Ore, aud sat looking into it witb a moody expression opbn bis face. Suddenly be threw bick bis bead and laughed —a laugh that' made the dogs start up and growl. >" " "What's tbe matter P" said Jackson. "Nothing," he answered, 111 always laugh when I am iu a bad temper." 44 Aud - cry when yoor happy, I suppose !" drawled the quiet man, *' Yea," be said,41 but I haven't cried yet" He draok his tea ' and lit his pipe. They all lit fresh pipes; tbe group round tbe fire was increased by one ; conversation became general. They .eventually returned to their muttons. The boy slumbered in bis coruer; the dog*, remained quiet. Boon -'Willie crept away and got bis ooneertina snd'-began pisyiDgjwftly to himself.-' It «eem$& fir sooth the company— their voices sank ti' a murmur, the ram still pattered on the roof, and Urns an boor passed tumbled into his balk. Mouitscbio stood up i and yawned. Jackson was gazing into the embers and nodding Bligbtly. After a-ti me the stranger stood ap. ^ I think we'll go on," be said, ezJ walked over to the boy. Tor a moment or {wo he bent ' him, then raised him to bis feet. Are yon rested, young fellow P " asked tbe quiet man, coming forward. Yes, thaok yoa," answered tbe lad in a low voice. -f ■ He*eemed rather sleepy and dazed. Between bis coat collet and bis bat there was nothing to be seen bat two large dirk eyes. /He kept bis hands in bis poofcsts and shivered slightly. The man turned roand to Jackson. Thanks Very mocb for yoor hospitality,1' be said. ** If yoa will bring your lantern I think 1 will go and get the horses now." Presently he heard the bones go off. in a few rainqtcs Jackson and tbe quiet man returned to tbe liut. I must have another pipe after that," ob served the latter, and proceeded to fillet. Jackson's month was twitching. Something seemed to amuse him. 44 What's ap ? " asked Moustachio,. Tbe quiet man looked at the old one, who re fpouded to tbe look with just tbe ghost of a wink. Now we'll turn in," he said ; but just then the dogs began to bark again. 'They are coming back," saidthe moostached 44 it's from tbe other direction, one person j riding," said the quiet man. Jackson was littering. 41 IPs tbe boss," be cried, 44 on the grey,' aud rose hurriedly, went oat of the door, sod j closed it after him; After a few minutes a horseman stopped I suddenly outside, and a quick, authoritative j voice called out to Jackson. A short discussion I followed, and a loud oath. Tbe old man came i back. A broad griu was upon his weather-, beaten countenance. He shot, the door, and j walked up to tbe fireplsoe. i J 44 He'll catch them up," be cried, robbing bis | hands. Tbe quiet ^man Dfl4(lkl' looked -ntber I wrfcre, ' • ■ * 44 Poor little thing!" he said. 41 Snakes 1 " cried HousUcbio. Willie lifted bis head out-of the bank.11 Who j is tbe man P " be asked. !' Spencer," replied tbe quiet maa. "Then the bdy," said-Moustacbio, witl> bulging eyeballs. 141 know a fat lot, don't IP " chuckled Jack- j son. 44 I'm wrong this trip, eh Y The boy, j my young friend, is the boss's wife ! " 