Cocai Holes & Heius. Anglican. — Wednesday, St. Andrew's Day, h. 0. at 7 30 a. m. ; second Sunday in Advent — Glen Innes at 11 (1». c.) and 7.30 ; Wellingrove at 3. — Rev. F. T. C. Reynolds. ' Weslkyan. — Services next Sunday, Glen Innes at 11 and 7.30 ; Waterloo at 3. — Rev. A. H. Jolni- "Stone. V ' : T'' Presbyterian.; — Sunday Dec.. 4th— Gleu Innes at 1 1 and 7.30 ; Red Range at 3.— Rev. J. Edwards B A. . . !' " A Queensland "Garb."— A Charters Towers journal reports that recently the largest cake of gold, over retorted at Charters Towers was dealt with : —"Mr. N. Mayne, manager of the Brilliant ; Mr. James, manager of the Enterprise Mill ; Mr. E. T. H. Plant, chairman of directors of the Brilliant Company ; and Mr. G. Gordon, auother director of the company wrestled with it to ascertain its weight. They broke the scales at.the in HI and at tho Union Bank, and finally the cake was ignobly despatched to a butcher's scales, and there deiei mined at 5,913 oz. lOdwt. 20gr. ; it is the product of- 16,450oz. ot amalgam, and represents two months' yield of the famous Brilliant mine. The cake is in the shape of n none, 15iu. high and a foot in diameter, and the 1 gold is valued at over £21,000. The gold will be exhibited at tho Loudon and Paris Exhibitions," M kkting Lapsed. — The meeting of the committee with reference to the raising of the finances to erect a building for a oreamery at Stonehenge, convened for Saturday afternoon, at the Town Hall, lapsed, Mr. Rudd being the only gentleman in attendance. Farmers' Association. — The sub committee ot the Farmers' and Settlors' Association, appointed to frame additional rules for the guidance of the union met at the Town Hall on Saturday afternoon, and after consideration adopted a code of .regulations, to he submitted to a general meeting of members at an early date. Further Improvement. — Mr. Wright has made a request for further improvements to the Court House, and has been acquainted that sketches sliow- iug the proposed alteration in the roof of the build ing have b«en submitted by the Government Archi tect aud that the matter is under consideration, ' Swimming a Necessity. — At tho conclusion of the inquiry on Saturday night 011 the sad drowning fatality of the little boy Thomas O'Brien, theCoroner (Mr. La wson) remarked that it was a. great pity that atl children were not taught to swim for if they were the sad accident would not hive oc curred that day. Ho expressed the opiuion that hoys should he taught to swim in every public school , and that it was quite a necessary part of instruction — quite an necessary as drill or any other part of the curriculum. Thrashing a Ghost. — Considerable alarm has been experienced by. timid residents at Canuington, near Perth, at the frequent appearance of a conven tionally-attired ghost. Lately a number of the residents waylaid the apparition, who surrendered on being hailed up by revolvers. The costume con sisted ot a sheet, with eyelet-holes, and decorated with red paint. The party decided not to hand him over to the police, hut to administer a sound thrash ing with a pa iug. This was accordingly done, and" the ghost was then set at liberty. Picnic. — The children attending the Furraoabad Provisional School were entertained at a monster picnic on Saturday. The weather, consequent upon the hbuefioeut rain that fell on Thursday evening, was delightful for outdoor amusement, aud this important faotor, combined with a com prehensive programme of picnic games, races for the children, dancing on the green, and an elabor ate feast, tended to elevate the harmony of a really enjoyable outing. Numerous . visitors from Glen Innes, and the neighboring ' suburbs,' swelled the large attendance, aud Miss Egali (the teacher) and the parents of the children were kept busily en gaged attending to their guests, and helping the children to make tho most of their holiday. A number of races were contested and. almost every child was tho fortunate possessor of a prize. As above hinted the spread was by no means an exi guous one, for the cloths were laid with a super abundance of viands. Iu this department a word of praise is due; to Mrs. and Miss . Black. The good thiugs seemed without end, aud there was " full aiul plenty" for two meals. Mr W. F. Ogil- vie.aud Mr A. M'Loone gave willing and valued assistance, and everybody present thoroughly en joyed themselves. Anniversary Services.— Sunday school anni versary services were conducted in the Wesleyan Church on Sunday. The interior of the edifice was decorated with greens and flowers, an inscrip tion " God bless our school" found a resting place on the eastern wall, and on either side of. the pul pit the scholars w\ere ranged on a temporarily- erected dias. At the morning and evening services the preacher was the Rev. A. H. Johnstone, and the choir, under Mr. J. Priest, rendered select music. A special Children's Service was held in the afternoon, at which there was a large congre gation. Hymns, anthems, and choruses were ren dered, Master C. Priest enunciated the 23rd Psalm, and recitations were given by Lilian Grey, Char lotte Rawle, Raleigh Loveday, Alvie Wesley, and Winnie Loveday. The Rev. Mr. Johnstone deli vered a short address, referring to the progress of Sunday School work during the past year, a suc cess that was attributed to a large staff of efficient teachers. Prizes were awarded for best results during last year, and these were presented to Eva Wesley, Lilian Robidsou, and Muriel Grey for merit in the order named. Miss M. Grover presi ded at the harmonium. A service of song, entitled "The Mission of the Roses," was given in the church last night. Successful Passes. — The annual examination liy tlie Wesleyan Sunday School Union, Sydney, resulted in seven certificates and one prize being won by pupils of the local school of that denomi- nation. The names of the successful children are ; Charlotte Rawle (prize and certificate), Alvie Wesley, Sarah Priest, Margaret Edgar", Nellie !Watt, Ada Rawle, and Raleigh Loveday. The result is a highly creditable one, the more so when it is considered that out of six prizes offered for the colony one came to Glen Jnnes. The pupils were prepared by the Misses Grover. Pgr Children's Hacking Cough take Wood's Great P. ppKiuient Cure, Concert at Dundee.— Tile Annual concert given 1 by the pupils of the Dundee Piibliu School took . place iu Stihbard's.HuM on -Friday night,, and was a success in every way:": ..Tiio bni'iliiig was crowded and every item on the programme yvas very credit ably given, proving that the teacher (Mr. Salmon) had devoted no small amount of attention in tunn ing the children. .The programme opened, with an instrumental dueb.(viuliu and piano),; .nicely ien- | dered by Mr, W. Jordan and Mrs. Salmon. Seve ral part songs aud glees by the oliihlreii were ex- , cellent,-" and both Mr. niid Mrs Salmon, were in 1 splendid voice. A .recitation by Master H Camp bell was very good; aod.iitjierswere also well given j by May Ward, Grace "Curr, Master W Sloman, dud Master H Stibbard. Action and other songs were nicely given by Susie 'Biddle, Ella .Curr, Emily Ward, and Master H. Campbell, wbilo the latter boy, with Master E Keats,' appeared iu the scene, " Hubert and Arthur." Master E. Keata was very Amusing in .. the recitation " The man from lroubark," a comical sketch entitled " The Kodac Fiend."; was humorously' given by Miss M. A. Davidson; and M.iBter X. Madden created much laughter as he told his " Advontures at Margate." "Cricket," sung by the boys in : character,. -was a capital Item. A number of girls gave a recitation, aud Master R. Biddle was responsible for an item of a. similar nature'. A dance was held at the close- of the concert. . . . ' ' Rifle Shooting?'— Prize-winners; for, the Novem-j ber monthly shooting of the piyiljau.. Rifle Club,, which concluded on Saturday, with their rcspec I tive scores, are as under :— : ' " ... . 500 000 ' Hep Ttl. C. H. Powell............ ' 18 20 15 53 A. ' J. Hodges.-. .......... 24 20 9 t 53 C .11. Hiiddy.'. 26 17 .10 53 C. W. Brown ,. 30 22 , so . 52 J. Priest.... .30 -22 .. sc - 52 C.J. Kemp ;.... 24 26. so 30 Tuberculosis. — The- local Council continues to receive satisfactory and cncouruging replies to the circular letters issued, containing the resolutions adopted by the Council urging the oreotion of abat toil's iii the country distriots aud the application of the tuberculin test to- all dairy oattle. Of the fow who refuse to co-operate the majority are Sydney oounoils. The public health of the metropolis is guarded by qualified inspeotors, etc., consequen tly a few of tho suburban bodies almost express utter disregard as to how the oountry people faro in their meat supply. PuBLiSHlNG the Banns. — The banns of a young couple who are shortly to enter the holy state of matrimony were read a first lime in Holy Trinity Church at Sunday morning's service. It is rarely that this old custom of the Church is honored In modern days. What a Selector Can Do.— As an instance of " what a selector may accomplish, who raises his flock from n good breed of sheep, it is worthy of mention that a sheep-farmer in.. this' district has from his recent clip made a clear profit of £163 16s 8iT. He only has 960 sheep, but they are the pro geny of first-class merinos. Civilian Rifle Club.— The monthly committee meetiug of the above was held on Saturday evening when there was a full attendance, the President (Mr F.- J. Thomas) being in the chair. A letter from the Armidale Rifle Association was received; - anil the committee considered the entries for Mat ches 2, 3, and 4 too high. A vote of -thanks was accorded to Mr. C H. Powell for his donation of oue guiuea towards the aggregate, including handi cap, for next half year's shooting, and it was also decided to subscribe a gold medal for "-the seme purpose. " The dates for December monthly, shoot ing were fixed for the 3rd, 7th, 17th,- and 21st, ammunition charge to be 9J per packet. Mr H. B, M'Kie was elected handicapper for December. 