Crumbs. Fresh. 1-rize dogs. 500 lives lost. "Harbour Lights." A few drops of rain. • A fearful visitation. A famous violinist dead, bhow "Observer" ou sale. Tidal wave and hurricane. Ratepayers' poll to-morrow. The romance of exploration. Poll to-morrow from 8 till 7. Electricity v.'Gas to-morrow. C. C. K. apologetic yesterday. British West 4ndies devastated. Obit.—Mr. James Scott, aged 82. Lady Halle has gone to her rest. Emneror of Corea fast recovering. Barometer at 10 o'clock to-day, 30.39. Louis de Rougemont would not romance. 1 liter-Collegiate sports on the Oval to-morrow. . The late Mr. James Scott was born in 1816. A capital number of "The Observer this week- . A sad ending tjo a brilliant musical career. A bitter election fight in New South Wales. "The Adventures of Louis de Rougemont." Louis de Rougemont rivals Robinson Crusoe. Prize, sheep, Merinos, Shropshires, and Lincolns. Onlv one voting-place for the poll—the Town' Hall. Lady Halle, the famous violinist, killed in the Alps. Melbourne Children's Hospital in financial distress. . • Twenty ringleaders of the Cretan massacres arrested. A daring mountaineer is Sir 11 William Martin Conway. Man killed at the Eieanora Mine, Hillgrove, yesterday. The battle of the electric light to be decided to-moriow. Fifty Hindoos from Calcutta landed in Sydney yesterday. 'John Bull asked to arbitrate between hili and Argentina. Fearful hurricane and tidal wave in the British West Indies. The late Inspector of Schools' grave covered with flowers. Photographs of leading live stock exhibitors at the Show. An epidemic' of personal explanations in the Assembly yesterday. Promising prospects in the West, accor- ; ding to Mr. A. R. Clarke. In. New Zealand policemen drink cheek by jowl with Magistrates:., Gei-man steamer Oldenburg has put into Aden with her cargo" oh fire. Sydney no-confidence debate ended. Government won by four votes. Prize' cattle, Shorthorns, Herefords, Jer- Ayrshires, and Holsteins. Activity of Mount Vesuvius causing uneasiness among the Neapolitans. Lord Kilmorey will orate before the Royal Geographical Society to-night. A man supposed-to be Marcus McNamara shot himself yesterday at Kalgooriie. Crusoe and his man Friday is supplanted iv Rougemont and his dog Bruno. 'Boardman appeared at the Police Court this morning on a charge of perjury. "Hamlet," unlike his father's ghost, i: not a believer in State Fire Insurance., A successful competition under- the auspices of the Literary Societies' Union. Prize horses, including hackneys, lady's back, and the Arab stallion "Rafvk." Compulsion and uniformity in the" Early- Closing Bill affirmed by the Assembly. Mount. Vesuvius has not been eo alarm ingly active since the eruptions of 1872.' Drink and • 1 J are —- twin - - evils, " ' - ac cording to one~of the Melbourne Judges. Sun rose at 5.48 a.m., sets at 5.38 p.m. Moon lose at 5.27 a.m., sets at 5.58 pan. Mr. Justice .Hodges has been talking to the Christian Endeavourers in Melbourne. In 1897 Queensland possessed 6,089,000 cattle—a decrease for the year of 418,000. Queensland Commissioner of Police recommends a limited system of Sunday tra- ^"Farewell m,V youth," said the Austrian Emperor when he set the Crown upon his Expenditure on Roseworthy Experimental Farm from the commencement £10,582, returns £8,536. „. A Melbourne Judge has been telling the Endeavourers that drink is the principal; cause-of crime. " • Commissioner of Public Works bad nothing further to report concerning the Glenelg Itaiiwav. . -To-morrow afternoon Lady A' icfcona Buxton will declare the Home for Weak-minded Children Open. . Bev. W. J. L- Clogs, of >ew South Wales, the new President of the Australasian En-, b w a dw d n g cavor.r Association. - . ' Senator Hoar for the second time declined to accept the position pf United States mbassaidor in London.' . • . So serious is the position at Trieste that he police and the military' garrison at "the 1 port have been reinforced. The attempt made on the lives of the Emperor and Crown Prince of Cotea attributed to political motives.' McKinlev has now asked John D. Long, Secretary to the Navy, to accept the office of Ambassador in London. , ... * ' . ' y.TM.CA. Society secured three -first and three second prizes at the Literary Societtts. Union competition last- night. _ . > Crown Prince of Corea still suffering from the effects of the poison, which he swallowed at dinner on Sunday. , _ To a anti-totalizator deputation, the Premier of New Zealand said that it was impossible to stop gambling altogether. Three hundred Slavonians forced an entrance into some Italian factories'in Trieste and destroyed quantities o£ iUachinery. . Activity-of Mount Vesuvius becoming more intense, and is now causing considerable uneasiness to residents of Naples. _ Premier of New Zealand says that to abolish the tote would mean a return to the undesirable features of book-betting. Reports from Trieste-state "that the assassination of the Empress Elizabeth has en- ;endered a strong racial antipathy towards talians. ' - , The Austrian Emperor's personal and domestic griefs have been simply terrible. The family history is full of black chapters of awful tragedy. , , American War Department tentatively decided to keep enrolled for activt service 125,000 volunteers, besides the regplar army of about 25,000 men. * Thoughtful, humane people will not contemplate the lone, sorrow-stricken form of the aged Emperor standing before the open grave to-day without feeling a. sympathetic h < "TimesT corresppndent in New York reports that United States representatives to Peace Commission have been instructed to demand the cession to America of Luzon Island, and of an'island m the Ladiymes. The awful Austrian tragedy has stirred the hearts of the nations to the deepest sympathy with the bereaved husband, and to the intensest detestation, of the coldblooded and horrible atrocities of the Anar- C h AU'Christendom will to-day wear the garb of mourning, as the remains of the murdered Empress Elizabeth of Austria are consigned to their resting-place in the Imperial vault in the Capuehin Church at Vienna _ . , . ,, , Sydnev Smith says Barton ts unable to distinguish a store bullock from a dajry cow, or a watermelon from a pumpkin, and concludes his speeches by asking, Of what use is such a man to represent an agricultural district.". . . , . o b t c L c The Emperor and late Empress of Austria were looking forward to the Jubilee celebrations which are timed to take maoe in December, -but fate has-decreed tha., the Jubilee songs shall be distinguished by a n0t < Mr JtofmLang, the London publisher, will publish in the early autumn a collection of bush stories, under the title ot When the Mbpoke Calls." The author is Mr. William S. Walker, an Australian by birth, and nephew of "Rolf Boldrewood. The Emperor Francis Joseph was only ighteen vears of age when, with the words Farewell, my youth!" he set the Austro- Hungarian crown upon his head, and undertook the task of governing, as well as reigning over, a dissatisfied and divided people. 