PUBLIC LETTERS TO PUBLIC MEN. [No. 14.] THE HONOURABLE GEORGE THROSSELL, M.L.A., J.P., MINISTER FOR LANDS. Sir,-I am pleased to be able to say that I can commence my epistle to yon by stating that I regard you with more respect than I feel for the whole of your gifted Ministerial colleagues put together. This statement may seem startling, but* it is only true. I look upon you as the one member of the Forrest Ministry who is worthy of the respect and confi- dence of the people, and my only marvel is that you should ever have allowed your name to be associated with such a collection of individuals as that chameleon-Ministry now and has for long consisted ef. I am'persuaded also that the motí ves which induced you to accept a 1 portfolio were honourable to your- self, and that you were swayed only by the hope of advancing the ! interests of the colony, and, above all, of being able to give a palp- able impetus to the great move- ment in favour of land settlement, which will ever be honourably associated with your name, -and which has derived more benefit from your enlightened efforts than from all the protective systems ever seen, made, or invented. I can conceive of few ambi- tions more praiseworthy and few records more worthy of eulogium than that of a man who, from the beginning of his public THE HON. GEORGE THROSSELL, M.L.A. moved by yon, has also under- taken the Sisyphean task of en- livening' the local clodhopper, so far, I regret to say, with very doubtful success. You have two factors to contend against in your great and patriotic work; one of these is the inertia of the rural population, and the other the food duties, which serve to protect the bucolics from the rightful consé- quences of t heir own indolence and apathy. It is another proof of how much \ enlightened minds can be enslaved by uncanny and grotesque super- stitions that you, after having wit- nessed all your life their failure, should still believe in the errors of protection. At the bottom of your heart of hearts there must be a lurking consciousness that free trade is a natural system, and that protection is only an attempt to artificially evade the operations of natural law ; and that like all such artificialities it must sooner or later come an ignominious cropper, after inflicting nothing but injury and privation upon those who have sought to build up and maintain it. There is nothing so bracing as the iree, keen air of competition. Protec- tion is a hothouse which forces np the seedlings and afterwards rots and withers the plants. This has been amply pi- oved to you within your own experience ; and were I likely to be honoured with a reply to this lettei, I should ask you to tell me in all candour (1) has the area of land under culti- vation increased as it should have done under the qnadruple stimuli career, has helped to establish a hearty yeomanry upon the soil of his adopted country. If it be time that a man who makes two blades of grass grow where bnt one grew before is a benefactor to his country, how much higher is the tribute to be paid to him who has been the canse pf making many thousands of blades grow where none grew before? No work could possibly be more beneficial to the country and to its people, and while honouring you for what yon have done in the past, I tell yon candidly that I hope you will be much more successful in the future. # * # For I must confess that I by no means agree with all your methods, and as a reasonable being, as well as a political critic, I am bound to say that I think your objects would have been nearer achieve- ment to-day had you not been imbued with those political fallacies and econo- mic heresies which constitute at once the bane and the stock-in trade of the Forrest Ministry. # # m So far as the management of your own Department is concerned, neither I nor any other writer can have much to complain of. Un^er your control the Lands Department has been made a living force instead of the gal- vanized mummy swathed in red tape, it was under your pre- decessors ; and the public to-day know far more concerning the fer- tility of our soil, and the value of oar productions, both arborial and agronomic than they even dreamed of before. Yoar Department, of protection, free land, practically free money, and enormous local markets ; (2) is it not a fact that the cultivated area is diminishing in proportion to population rather than increasing; and (3) is it not now as much a fact as ever that the populations of places like Bun- bury, Beverley, York and others live mainly upon imported pro dace ? You well know that it is so, and can it be denied that this is due to the farmer under- standing that the outsider cannot compete with him, that the smaller the cultivated area - the bigger the prices, and the less he does the more the Government will do for him? # * * My dear Mr. Throssell, rest as- sured that until this agricultural baby of yours is weaned Le will never cease to suck. ïî ever he is to stand upon his legs and be a man unto himself he must get a little less coddling, and possibly some more codlin moth. # * # It is not for me to advise a Minister of the Crown, but it certainly does seem to me that more is to be hoped for by inten- sifying the competition than by taking snch painful care to diminish it. Not only won ld I pull down yonr forcing house and throw open the ports, but I would go a little farther and create an internal emulation among the mass of the farmers themselves. What sort of effect do you think a system of bonuses for production in money or land would have upon the rural population ? Mind you, I don't mean a bonus for ex port-that would probably go to the middleman, but a direct gift to the farmer, if so much money or so much land for every thousand bushels of produce raised, on acres of land placed under cultivation. If the West Australian farmer really possesses any energy (which is becoming doubtf ul), do you not think that such a system as this would do more to arouse it than one which makes the farmer a monopolist and the miner and the artisan doubly his victims-first in taxation and then in prices ? * * * As I have said before, your Department is excellently managed, but. when you come to deal with the goldfields yon get out of your depth-go below ten feet as it were, and you have also that mill- stone of a Wittenoom hung about your neck, by reason of the dual j central of goldfields land, as an additional deadweight. Your own ignorance of goldfields conditions hampers yon enongh in all con j science, but when Mr. Wittenoom's gross lack of knowledge M nd utter want of political principle takes a hand in cutting the cards, it is small wonder that the knave comes uppermost. Yon have done your best to .extermin- ate the land-knave, both the knave commercial and the knave ecclesi- astical, and I congratulate you upon it ; but yon will never wholly succeed until Mr. Wittenoom shuffles off to London or Gehenna, or whatever place he is most fitted for. * * * Yon have had the invaluable stupidity of Mr. Wittenoom to aid you in drafting the new regulations in connection with the ** free " residence area scheme, and the re- sult is that they are about as free as Wittenoom's manners or Shy- lock's little " accommodations." Regulation 3 of the bunch sets forth the terms on which these " free " areas can be obtained. The rent payable in respect of each lot shall be £1 per annum, which shall in the first instance be lodged with the application and subsequently paid annually in accordance with the pro- visions of clause 101 of the Land Regu- lations. When paying the annual rent the holder of each lot shall make a statutory declaration that the condition of residence hereinafter Bet forth have been complied with or fulfilled. A fee of ¿£1, in addition to the first yon i 's rent, shall accompany each applica- tion. - - This land can only be taken up in quarter-acre blocks, so that the " freeholder " will pay £8 per acre for the first year, and £4¡ for every subsequent year, without a shadow of title, liable to removal at ! any time, without even a lease, j and the " freeholder," in addition, will have to pay either 10s. per annum for. a miner's light or £4¡ for the like period for a business license ! Thus a business man can, under your precious " free " system, obtain a piece of suburban land in any of the goldfields towns (in itself utterly worthless) for the little consideration of £12 for the first year's rent ! Why ! man alive, I can buy better land out- right for that price all round Perth if I only go abont as far out j as yon propose to send your guile- less " freeholders." And this \ I says nothing of the fact that down at Jandakot I can get 160 acres of land freehold for £1, and afterwards get advances from the Agricultural Bank to enable me to make and extend my improvements. Really, Mr. Thros- sell, yon are too gênerons ! * * * But stay-my amused indigna- tion has carried me a trifle to far I had nearly overlooked the follow- ing little paragraph, which is hooked on to this announce- ment of wonderful governmental generosity. This alleges that "Mr. Throssell states that the credit for initiating the free residence areas scheme on the goldfields belongs to Mr. "Wittenoom." Really! Now, yon know, I don't love Mr. Wittenoom a little bit, but 1 wouldn't begrudge him all the credit he can get out of this proposal. Personally, I can't find any credit in it with a microscope, and if Mr. Wittenoom has no more to his credit in the books of the Recording Angel, his future ad- dress will be No. 10 Boiler, Sulphur-street, Tophet. * * # Yon are a man of considerable wit, and with a fine talent for gently applied, yet caustic, irony. I wonder if I am right in surmising that your gênerons and liberal soul revolted at this sickening pretence of generosity, this exhi- bition of hypocritical parsimony, this jumble of double-distilled quintessence of meanness, and that you have taken this brief bnt effective means .of showing the pnblic where the cloven hoof is really to be fonnd. For you to father such a scheme would be to repudiate your past, present and future policy. Yon do not need my advice to drop it; standby your own agricultural chickens, and let Mr. Wittenoom hatch out his own brood of harpies and cormorants. The credit of it ! Ha ! Ha ! By the memory of every money grabber, by the ghost of every usurer, by the wraith, of every boodler, by the unclean reminis- cences of every huckster fi om Judas Iscariot, Ananias, Simon Magus, and Shylock down to Plugson and Glogonl, I shall ex- plode with laughter presently ! The credit of it ! One can almost hear the laughter re-echoing back across the Styx ! # # * However, enough of Wittenoom , and his pound of-at least, I mean free residence areas. We will try and talk abont something less offensively ridiculous and vulgarly tricky. I have said that I admire much of the work yo a have done ; your name will live in the annals of the colony as the Father of Land Settlement, and uo distinc- tion could be more honourable ; you have only one defect in your character, and that is the company you keep. Nevertheless, I recog- nise that you are not a party man; your politics are isocratic rather than partisan ; and I believe that no Cabinet will be complete with- out yourself in possession of the portfolio of Lands. I, therefore, hope that yon will gradually edu- cate yourself out of your fiscal errors ; that you will keep yourself pure and unspotted from the world, the flesh, and the Forrest Ministry ; and that for the sake of your own reputation, you will always give "credit" where " credit" is due. # # * My dear Mr. Throssell, I give you my parting salute. I have Said nothing of your excellent social qualities, and little of your powers as a humourist ; for, Heaven knows, I might be a humourist myself if I knew as mnch about the gang as you do. My parting counsel to you is : Be virtuous, and you will be lonely -:tt 1PMst in your present position. Accept my c^uduiences, and be- lieve me. lours emphatically, AMPHICTYON. 