j Some True Ghost Stories. .., 'About six years ago the writer stayed for a ?while at an ancient comity hall in North Lancashire. The building, which had boon restored by its then occupant, was at least 150 years old. For' a considerable .poriod it had stood unoccupied, owiug to certain 'weird ? stories connected with its history- It then' Eas'8bd-:at an:ertrcmelynominal'roh(/;'inf5T:He' ands of its present ocoupants: — a dissenting minister, and his iamily. These worthy, folk havo from time to timo been not a littlo dis turbed and porplexed by reason of peculiar and unaccountable sights and sounds of a ghostly character. On'o night a'servant was .thrown from her bod into the middle of tho room, and various bulky articles of f urnituro woro visibly displaced. Anothor domestic has on several occasions observed tho figure of a lady in brown apparel manipulating tho doorhandles of the bedrooms. So intense was tho terror produced among tho domestics by ono of these midnight'visitations that the clergyman and his wife had to leave their beds at ono o'clock in .tho morning in ordor to aid in allaying tho alarm. A number , of persons, including the writer, woro on several ' occasions credible witnesses of those peculiar phenomena, but' no explicable reason, can bo adduced as to their actual origin, , . , A sensible and cultured lady, residing in Mauokostor, has favoured tho writer with the following authontio incident from her own personal experience: — 'I was the beloved child of tho kindest father that ever lived. I went to a boarding school noar Manohestor, and he ,to his business in Livorpool. Wo parted in April, 1890, both boing in excellent health and spirits. Every wook brought mo Bevoral long, loving lottors from him. On tho 10th of Juno, 1890, at 10.80, p.m., I diatinotly saw him, bntor my bedroom, and stand by my bedside for soYoraV minutes. Ho looked vory ill ; I spoko to him, but ho made no reply. He RObn left tho room, as ho had entered it, and I waB in dpep distress, for I felt that somo thing serious, was tho matter. Early tho next morning a tologram camo informing mo of his gravo illness. I hastened to Livorpool, and found that ho was dead. Ho had died at 10.80 the previous night, tho oxaot timo ho had appeared to- mo. ' I can offer no explanation of the vision. I havo simply stated tho bare faota. A commercial travollor, known to tho writer, was- proceeding one night with a horso and trap from Koswick to Amblosido, in .WGBt moroland, a distanoo of about 17 milos, when ho suddenly noticod the form of a gigantic dog, rioarly as big aa a donkey, trotting by the side of his trap. Tho oroataro accompanied: him for, about throe miles along the loneliest portion of tho road, under tho grim shadow of; hugo Hollvollyn, and then suddenly dis-. appbarod. This happenod some, half a dozen timbs. On several occasions ho endeavoured to | drive tho animal away.with his -whip,- but failed. Tho( dog gonorally appeared, at, the saino spot each night, and always vanished whon thoy roaohed tho tiny.' hamlet of Thirl moro. Tho travollor usually carried with him a cousidorablo snm of money onthoBO journoyB' and ho has sometimes wondered whothor tho phantom dog was spooially sbntto aooompany him for tho purposo of protection. Altogether it was very inexplicable and uncanny. . A Scotch gentleman of undoubted voracity narrated to tlio writor tho following ' story : — 'About forty years ago when I was a lad of ton, I was sont by my parents to tho nearoBt town, distant about two milos. from our homdi Tho winter was far advanced, and tho days woro very short, consequently it was dark boforo I sot out on my return journoy.' But I was a bold lad, aud it took a good deal to scaro mo. Whon I was about half way homo I hail occasion to pass by tho great ontranoo gatoB'to tho Iioubo oE the looal ' laird,' and upon a low stone wall noar by Idistjnotly saw tho figuro of a largo coffin. I confess I was considerably frightonod, and lost no time in gotting homo, whore I poured my startling story into sympathotio ears, My father aconaod me of ' haivorin,' but wo all regarded it as strango wbdn news reached ub next morn ing of; tho ' laird's1 sudden doathat about tho sarao hour I had soon tho phantom coffin.' ? 