WEST AUSTRALIA AND FEDERA- TION. I TO THE JÜDITOE. ' J SIE,-There is no doubt the Federation vote will be given with a regard for number one. Each man will count for himself his personal gain or loss if the change were made. It is on selfish grounds that the opponents of Federation are so strong-so strong that I do not see how they can lose the day. There are too many protected trades and avocations that will not give up their protection without a keen struggle. The enly class who are likely to poll at all solidly for Federation aro the miners, who may persuade themselves that the food duties would be wiped off and no- thing put in their place. Againstthem there are the farmers to a man, the shopkeepers, and the members of protected trades, and every handicraft is more.or less protected under our tariff. Take the coachbuilder. He has 20 per cent, duties in his favour. So has the cabinetmaker, the joiner, and the timber sawyer like Mr. Frank Wilson, M.L.A., who surely does not desire to encourage the packing up of portable houses on the " t'other side " for cheap and easy transport to Western Australia. There is the ironfounder, typified we " will say by Mr. W, J. George, the member for the . Murray. He complains that the revised tariff which admits machinery free nearly knocks local industry out. But even the iron man has 15 per cent, duty on castings left, and the same on parts of machinery, which leaves a good op ag for repairs. As a farmer and a millar, Mv. F. H. Piesse, Commissioner ~c_ Railways and Director of Public Work»- ; \ doubt- less, see good reason why the duty of 20s. per ton on Hour should remain, aud there are several lights of Parliament who would be very loth to abolish tho duty of from ls. 3d. tb ls. «d. per gallon on con- signments of beer that do not bear the local trade mark. What would Mr. Crowder, M.L.C, think of remitting 20 per cent, on aerated waters ? Spjit is as we glance down the tariff rate. 'Almost every item puts butter -on the bread of the artisan, who has all the better''time of it in Western Australia for not having to compete with bis compeers of the other parts of the Australian continent. The would-be federationists ask us to ex- pose ourselves to the cold blast of unrestricted competition with better , organised rivals to gratify the phantasy that has been named "a broader national life." That the broader national life would mean a narrower purse for the individual -and the State on this corner of the planet is kept as carefully in the background as the iniiyisiveness of the ugly fact will allow. " ' ' But as I have said, there_.is not much to apprehend. Last night in the Perth Town HalL the stronghold of the federationists, there was not a gleam of enthusiasm. The echo of a forlorn "hoar, hear," er the ghost of a cheer alone relieved the sepulchral solemnity of the speeches. The Western Australian Federation League is whipping a dead horse. Even the melli- fluous periods of Mr, Walter James passed almost unheeded. Hts fervid adoration of sentimental soarings into that higher empyrean where pelf ,is unknown struck coldly upon a practical audience" .that doubtless has had painful: eicperienca of legal bills of costs. ' But lawyers' fees are taxed by the prothonotary, not at the Customs. This is a hard-headed age, in which it is respectable for "every citizen to pay 20s.. in the pouud, instead of joining I fanciful crusades in search of an earthly I millennium. Now-a-days ^the question is :-" Will it pay," and anything that won't is told to ".Call again." A great many "Federa- tionists are willing to make scapegoats of others. Mr. Randell told us at the. meet- ing that " individuals "-ix. presumably the farmers-must suffer foi' the good of the community. With whfcfc wonderful equanimity can we bear the losses/of others! "The good of the community " is a comforting phrase to the merchants, who will have a larger profit on imported goads if "we do"not produce ¿nd manufacture for ourselves. But . I like Mr. Randell's can- dour. He does »ot sugar the pill like the specious Mr. James. Mr. Randell tells us j plainly that the people of Western Aus- tralia will " form a good market for th« I manufactures of the other colonies." ! " Dost, thou like the picture ?" as Claude Melnotte asked of his betrayed inamorata? I A visionary opening of "eastern markets" is to be our recompense. At what price, Mr. j Randell, can we afford to sell our wheat and I fodder to neighbours who ave selling, those products to us in spite of heavy protective I duties ? To what starvation return will cultivation come when we are supplying the plethoric "eastern market?" Less ' than a rice-eating Chinese could live upon, I should say. No wonder that we raise our eyebrows and shrug our. shoulders when we hear high-flown sentiments about the glories of an Australian empire.; \- "Pity my simplicity" Mr. Randell might plead in asking us to put om- heads into the lion's mouth, relying on his forbearance not to bite. Western Australia, he says, may safely leave, herself to thè tender mercies of thë " ablest men in Australia, because they may be safely trusted to do that which was right for the whole of the colonies." Yes, on the principle of "one for you and two for myself," " blood is thicker than water/' and " kissing goes by favour." These '?abie men" are each intense partisans for their respective provinces where their homes, interests, and sphere of public life are centred, Ave they to be trusted to " divide up '.' with strict - impartiality ? Could they do so and satisfy their'own people? They might try to do so-they might even believe they were doing it-but the balances would have a heavy list in the direction of self or parochial interest. The " confidence man " is to be Bhunned in public or in private life, no matter what stakes he may be playing for, even though the diplomatist gets a St. George's Cross of Knighthood .and the humbler crafty beguiler only a broad arrow, ott a grey suit, and' plenty of I time for reflection. -Tours, etc., J THE CYNIC. J 