ATHLETICS. The McAuliffe-KrugBel fight at the Amphi. theatre, Johannesburgon 6th Maroh, proveod rather a dfsappointment to those who had plunced their faith on Krugel. From the utsrt of the first round he never stood a ghost of a chance with the Auetralian, and a prea dealo of doubt has been expressed as t whether the supposed body blow alleged to hve Rgiven him his qufotus actually ooocarred in the tenth round. McAuliffe was very. oever with both hands, and went in for hard puncobig right through. On the other htnd, Krugel " monkeyed" n'oout the ring junt a little too muoh, and trot once could he he said to have made any sort of sound fighting play. He wAr undoubtedly olever .n dnucking and rquilrming, and this activity l:one eaved him from b:1ig knocked out o?rller. Io proved a big diloppointmnt to his blokors, who encouraged him all they could son far as applauseo wont. On the other hand, McAuliffe proved himself n oool, ol. looted, uand determined fighter; all he wanted w?a to n?ot to olose quarter', and when by ooaoe he did get there Krugel knew all about it. Repeatedly he gave the latter one, two. three, in qulok euoceeslon, without a stngpn return benlog made. Ho, moreover, got Krugel several times In a very nnoomfort. able posttlon againIst the ropes, from whioh th, letter's agility alone saved him. Peter Mathor wae 29 years of age last month. A few weeks prior to Mahehr'e meeting Stoe O'Donnoll he defeated 0. O. Smith (the Black ThundcrboltJ, of Buffalo, at the same club. Moher'e popularity is something wonderlul. 8tave O'Donnell has resoon to feel en. eouraged. After belogi knoked out on two ocoaslons In less than one round by Peter Kaher, he surprised the sporting world by kookinug the Irishman down in the Bfirst round, and then golog down himeoll ia the ecoond round. O'Donnell, after sending Maher to the floor with a tiff jolt on the jaw, did not know what to do. Thies.ls ot at all strange, so the experts say, in view of the fact that rahar's downfall was euough tofrighten the Australian, who must haye expected similar treatment. 