OUR SUNBEAM BOOKSHELF. "Carrots," by Mrs. Molesworth. Have you been feeling neglected lately, -you younger ones? If so, i shall make up for it to-day by telling you of a book—ot rather a number of books—that I am sure you will like. Do you know I have been surprised to fincl in reading the lists of books you have sent me how few of vou have read Mrs. Moletwortih's books, the children in her stories are such real children, and such dear chilaren, that I am suret you ! will like to make friends with them." They are very Ei-glish, certainly, living a quieter life than you do in. soane ways, for they live veiy mucb away from the grown-up members of the family, but they are dears, and have such quaint thoughts and plays and fancies that I am sure you will love them—that is, uiile&s; you are like a little girl in this very book, who said: — " 1 like stories of naughty bovs and girls best—very naCiighty bovs and girls.'' And even then Airs. Moiesvrorth's boys and girls are naughty sometimes too, or they p-ould not be real, would they? Even Carrots, who, is a dear, and really a goou boy, gets into scrapes; and if I could get hold of his brother Maurice, I should shake him. What for? Read the story and see. I think Mrs. Molesworth's books should be read in winter, they are such cosy, homely books. You must not gallop through them just to see "'what comes nest," but read them rather slowly and make friends, \-- I said, with the children in them. Mrs. Molesworth savs something about story-books—old story-books and new ones. "Do you know how very few those books were?" (She is speaking of the story-books our grandmpthecg had.) "Yon mag have heard it, but I scarcely fancy you have ever thought over the great difference between yourselves and the long ago children in this respect.' Nowadays, when vou have galloped through all the brilliant blue and green and 'scarlet little volumes that have been given to you on birthdays and Christmas Days, you come with a melancholy face to your motherland tell her you have "nothing to read." And then, most likely, •when your mother goes to the library, she chooses a book for you out of the juvenile department, and when it is don$ voji get another, till yon hardly remember what you have read aad what you haven't. But as for neading any book twice over—that is never to be thought of. "Not 60 was it long ago. Not onlv had no children many books*. ^but everywhere children had the ssune! Thece waa seldom any. use in little friends lending to each other, for it was always the same thing over again—"TSvenings at Home,' 'Sandford and Merton,' 'Ornaments Discovered, and so on. _'"You think, I daresay, that it-must have •been very stupid and tiresome, but I tbiviV you are in.some ways mistaken. Children really read their books in those days; they put; more- of .themselves into their reading, so .that, stupid as these quaint old stories might seem to you nowadays, they never seemed so then.'What was wan ting-in them the children filled up out of th&r; own fresh hearty and fancies, and however often they read and reread theni they always found something hew. They got to know the characters in their favourite stories like real' friends, and would talk them over with their \ companions, and compare their opinions about them in a way that made each book as good or better than a dozen." It is worth while to "really read" a good book in this way, and to talk it over—a silly book that will.not stand the test' is not worth reading at all. I am sure you are <iU glad that you have so many nice books—:but do not gallop' through them, but :.really read, .or reading will do you more harm than good. . Here is a list of some' of Mrs. Molesworth s ,books:—"A Christmas Child," "A Christmas Posy," "Blanche," "Carrots,' 'Just a. Little Boy" "Carved Lions, ! 'Children of the Castle," "Christinas Tree Land," ."Farthings," "Four Ghost Stories," Four Winds Farm," "Friendly Joey," /^grandmother Dear," "Herr Baby, •'Hoodie,'" "Little'MWs Peggie," "Litd Mother. Bunch," "Alary," "Miss Mouse and her Boys," •". My New Home," "Neigh hours," ,"2vur&e; HeatberdaJe's Story," -Palace in the Garden," "Robin Redbreast," "Kosy," "Shiela's Mystery," "Tell Me a Story," "The Boys and J/' "The Cuckoo Clock," "The Girls and I," "The Man with the Pan Pipes," "The Rector? Children,"; "The Red Grange," "The Tapestry Room," "Two Little Waifs," Us: An i Old Fashioned Story," and "White Turrets.". * There, you see it is not her fault if you have "nothing to read" is it? , / Now, how would it be if you always cut the "Bookshelf" out -of- the paper, wrote the date at thfe top, and then" put them where you could find them? You could always turn back to them then, if you forget what I have said, or anybody , else has said,. • Two letters from old members this week I aai Mad tb say: Trixie Solomon, who, Yottjwul remember, sent me my first Booksh^f letter, is first-agaih.lBhe has sent the ffirfit opinion on "Uncle Tom's Cabin" for bur discussion. Thank you, Trurie; if every one is as- ^prompt the "Bookshelf' will get faxtpuuy. I hope you cfll remember that July 29 is the last day, oh which opinions may be sent itj.: Sarah Webster, Walkerville, writes:— Ton told-us a -good deal about Mi» Alcott and her books, a little while back. I have only read '"Little •Women'% by heir, and I liked it -very much, but I think when one knows something about the aokhor that the interest in a book is greatly increased. Tou mentioned in • answer to ray letter that you thought it wonld be a good thing*'if I were . to. read something besides stories. It is very good of you to take such an interest, but I was rather at a loss to discover what kind ol books you referred" to. Would you mind just enlightening me a little further on. the subject, please. I -will read the book you recommend If ever I have'the opportunity. By-tbe-way, I am alraid 1 have partly fqigotten the title, and on looking up that, number of "The Journal," I found that it had- been- mislaid. Was it. "The L^fe 43f Louisa M. Alcott," or "Lonisa M. Alcott, Her-Life, Letters, * And Journal?'* The full name of : the book is "Louisa May AJcott; h6r Life Jmd Letters, edited by Ednah D. Cheney." But if you ask for the * Life of Louisa Alcott," any one would know what you meant. By "something besides stories" I meant biographies, travels, histories, egsays, and so on—books which deal with'. facts—"truly stories," as the little ones -call them. Of course you may learp a good- deal- from some novels, historical novels particularly, but it is well to . read something more substantial as well, and as you say that vou "do not care 'to read anything that would not benefit ypuj- however interesting it may be," you should ?agree with pae. Biography has this in common with fiction—it is the st-n^ of human lives, only it does not leave off with "mamed and lived -happily ever after," but goes on to the end. Truth, they say, is stranger than fiction—it certainly is often sadder, so biography. should suit you, for on like sad stories, if I remember rightly. "The Life of Sister Dora" is another book I think yob would like. From what you say, I gather'that you do not belong to a circulating library^ Nest time you write, tell me what books you have at your dissal — poetry, essays, travels, biography, story, and so on, and -1 will try to help you further. Let. me see—most people have Shakespeare, Milton,-and Scott, at least, among poets; Lamb and Addison, among essayists; some travels of some sort, say "Marco Polo" or"Warterfcon's Wanderings:" biogranhy is not so generally repre- . -d, Jjut history of some sort is generally to be found. Have a real hunt through your book shelves and tell me the result, and I will tell you which I think most suitable. _ . Claxton-street, July 11. Dear Magpie—May I, too, join your Sunbeam Bookshelf? I ask this because I notice that the greater part of your correspondents are girls, the boys no doubt thinking that they are not allowed to express their opinions, for surely they are not too lazy. Now, boys, here is a chance to show whether we are a lazy set or not. I, like the rest of your young friends, fhintr the Bookshelf an excellent idea, one which will not only provide interesting reading, but will help your readers to read good books. I, unlike most boys, am not fond of reading tales of adventure. Of course I have read books of travel, including three books as prizes from "Uncle Harry," and also a school prize tor highest in arithmetic. My Sunbeam prizes are lovely stories, namely, "Tom Iieriot," "On Board the Esmeralda," "A Stout English Bowman," the school prize being "The Life of President Lincoln," by the author of "From Log Cabin to White House." 1 do not care much for Rider Haggard's "She," while his "Beatrice" is just beautiful. I also like Conan Doyle's books. The best I have read are "The Sign of Four," "A Study in Scarlet," "The Adventures of Detective Sherlock Holmes." Although A. E. Wiljon is not one of my favourites, yet I liked very much her book "At the Mercy of Tiberius." Edna Lyall is reaJly good, I think, especially in "We Two" and ••Doreen." I have heard much about Mr. Newland's "PavinR the Way," and though the story is all about tbe early days, mostly around Encounter Bay and Port Elliot (the town in which 1 live), 1 am only in Adelaide for a holiday, vet I have not read it. As a writer of books for children I think Ethel Turner is one ot the best, whose books "The Seven Little Australians" and "The Little Larrikin" axe just exc^lent. Walter Besanfs name is one which is wi^Iy known as an author of many and good books, among which I,liked best "'Twas in Trafalgar Bay," "The Woman in White," and "The Hannted Hotel," by the one and same author, Wilkie Collins, are good. These are a few of the many I have yet read. Would you help me to change my authors, as a very dear friend of rr-'^e told me that I shonld read much different books to these, such as books about* the lives of diff««NT HHV as they would be much help to me wheji I am older. As a help to you I must not omit to state I •» on ly yet fourteen years. Hoping you will help and advise me, I must remain, your well, wisher, HENB.T 8. GOLDBTG. I will hell good, my only you may think' some of the books I advise diy, for von have been going in for rather a sensational and romantic style — now, have you not? Still, I think you will like what I like, for "Tom Heriot" was a great pet of mine. Your friend was quite right, biography will be most useful to you, ana interesting, too, if you read wisely. A dry biography is -very drv, but a well-written one delightful. I think "The? Lifaof Sir Herny fTavelock," by Archibald Forbes, would be a good one for you" to Tead. I thought it amply splendid. "Ofcinese Gordon, by the same author, is also good, I bebeve, though I have not read it. Howwould it be for you to read Nansen's life, and then 'The First Crossihg of Greenland," and then "Farthest Northi" But I tell you what I think would be a good plan—write again, tell me what books you can get; but I fancy you subscribe to a -circulating library, do you not? Tell me also what you mean to be when you grow up, and I will give you a list that will bei really helpful., In the meantime, I want you to promise to give me your real opinion of the books I recommend. Somfe Samuel SmUes's books would be helpful and interesting. Write again soon, I shall always be glad to hear from you. " If yi are not going to "swear off" novels altogether, try some of Sir Walter Scott'i say "Ivanhoe," "The Talisman," "Guy Mannering," or "Old Mortality." ' . The Highlands, Wilmington. Dear Magpie—I have watched the progress, of tbe Sunbeam Bookshelf with much interest, and row take the pleasure of joining in. I am fond of reading, and read a great deal. We subscribe to the Institute Library, and among the books we have taken out there are many I like. Among some I have read are U. £. Braddon'B "Rupert Godwin" and "Joshua Haggard;" Edna. Lyaii's "Hardy Norseman" and "Donovan!" Uzrid Christie Murray's "Val Strange" add "Time's Revenge;" Mrs. Prentis, "Stepping Heavenward;" Mrs. Henry Woods, "East Lyne;" Marfc Twain'B "Innocents Abroad;*" Sir Walter "Quentine Durward" and "Ivanhoe;" Lord Ljftton's "Eugene Aram; 1 '. Mrs. : Worbbiae'a "Canonbury Holt." T liked this book , very much. I have.also read, these books by various authors; —"Uncle Tom's Cabin," "Jane Eyre," "Fiank Fairleigh,". ".'Ernie Elton at School," "Little Women," "The White Squtil," "Besne WeLs," "'The Lights -on the Longshipa" These of Dickens:—"Pickwick Papas," "Oliver >TwisL" "A Christmas Carol." I do not care for them (at ail. Could you recommend some nice "books to me. I think of all the authors I have read I like Miss Braddon and Mrs. Henry Wood. These last are rather sad in places, but end up happily. should like to read seme oE Ethel Turner's writings, as they seem tb he prime favourites; but I have never liad tbe. opportunity. s& yet. Who are your favourite authors! I will continue to correspond with you, and I wish you every ^Ucces in your new achievement. I am an Associate Sunbeam, and, of course, take interest in everything in connection'with the ^Society." With kind regards, I remain, yours truly, KYBTLE 0. COLE. , . My favojiiite authors? This really is a difficult question—I like so many. . Stall, though I like many modem writers—so many that I shall toot say anything/about them for fear of writing a whole catalogue. I am always true to my prime favourites— 'Dickens, Scott, Kingsley, and Thackeray. Addison, and Lamb (essays) I read over' and over again, also Oliver Wendell Holmes. I like some of Carlyle. I find him stimulating; and Ruskin, who is pictaresque, refining, elevating, and aggravating—ai least, to me. But that is enough about my. LQ^s and didikes — you will near more' about item as tile Bookshdf goes on. You want' to hear of nice books—stories T suppose! And you do not like Dickens, but you like Mrs. Henrv Wood? Yon like Edna Lyall too, I see. "If you have not read all bees, I think you would like,"Won. by Waiting" and the "Knight Errant." I am fond of "In the Golden Days" and "To Bight the Wrong;" but those are historical, and ! fancv -you like stories of domestic life and modern .times. Have yon read any of Charlotte M. Yonge's? l ean recommend them. "The Young Stepmother," or "My Young Akides," would suit you I fancy; but idle has written plenty more. Boea NbuehetJje Carey, too, you would like, say "Uncle Max'' or "Only the Governess/' By all means "continue to correspond "with me;" take part in the discussions toq, and try in the prize competitions. . , Noarlunga, July 10. Dear .Magpie—I-think it is very nice of you to start a Bookshelf, and I wish yon every ..success. I am very fond of resding, although I haven't got much time. I can't remember all the books I hare read, but can. remember these tint follow;—"Colonial Life and Christian Ezpeti- That is a very nice bode, and it t ok me a long time to read it. I can't remember its author. "Robinson Crusoe" (read aloud), 'Seven Little Australians;" I»ahou]d like to read the sequel. "The Family at'Misrule," 1 Hiss E. Turner's, but it seems to be. out every time we go to the Library; "Little Faith," by the auuior of "Christie's Old Organ" (that is nice); "Prue's Father," by Ethel F-' Heddle; "Susy's Mowers," I can't remember the author, but it is a bice book; "Truth Tellers" and "Aileen," by'Laura Barter. I think this is all. I should like, to read "Little Women." I can't think of any motto. .It would be -nice to vote for tbe best motto, as you said at first. Wishing you every success. f remain, - yours truly, H. MW&A; MCBAE. You will like "LitUe"Women.'' - Surely it will be at your library? "Tije Eight Cousins," also by Miss Alcott, you would like too, I think. Try soine of Mrs. Molesworth's books and tell me what you .think of them. Stockport, July 13. • Dear Magpie—I like your idea of the Bookshelf very much, and I think it will be a suocese. I, would like very much to belong .to it, as' I am passionately fond of reading. I don't quite agree with you in your opinion on Agusta Evans Wilson's books, as I have read three of her books— 'St. Elmo," "Inez," and "At the Mercy of Tiberus," and I liked them very much indeed. have also read "Cbrystabel," "Nobly Bom," 'Singleburst Manor," "Husbands and Wives," 'Amy Wilton," "Married Life," "MiUicent 'Kendrick," "Campion Court," "Brodenells ot Brude," "The Unholy Wish." These are all by Emma Jane Worboise, and I like her'books very much indeed. "Lady Adelaide," "East Lynne," Red Court Farm," "Roland Yorke," "Mrs. Haliburton's Troubles," by Mrs. Henry Woodsliked hers very much." For Light and Liberty," and "The Heart of Man," by Silas Hocking-, "Uncle Tom's Cabin," by Mrs. Stowe; "Seven Little Australians," "The Family, at Misrule," and "The Little Larrikin." by E. Turner; 'Little Women and Good Wives," by Miss Alcott; Twice Tried," "Marie Desborough's Vow," "The Strait Gate," "Ursula Vivian," "Ursula Vivian's Stumbling Block," by Unnie*. Swan." I have read a lot by Pansy, but-I don't care much for her books. It would take me altogether t<>o long to mention all the books I have read, but the iiooks I have mentioned I liked very much. I think that it is a very good plan to keep a list and put down each book as it is read. But when I begin to read a book, the worst of it is " never like to leave it till I have finished it. will now close, wishing the Bookshelf evety success. I remain, yours sincerely, R. WUNNEN- BERG. P.S.—I also like Maud Jean Franc's books. All I have read of hers were "Australia Tales." I enjoy reading her books very much. —E.W. I am glad you have opinions of your -own and are not afraid to express them, though I still keep to mine of A. E. Wilson—perhaps when you have read more by other authors you "may see what I mean. So far you have read E. J. Worboise, Mrs. Henry Wood, Silas Hocking, Miss Turner, Mrs. Stowe, Miss Alcott, and Annie Swan. Try some of Miss Yonge's, and, say; "The Hardy Norseman,' by Edna LyalL xou have read "Uncle Tom's Cabin," 1 see; send me an opinion on it nest week. ? Remember, all of you, I want your "opinions" or "essays" by Friday, the 29th insfc. You older ones might" look up Mrs. Stowe's "Life," and see how and why she wrote the book. If you can find anything about tie abolition of slavery so much the better. ' aUGEIE. 