The Case of Mrs. Clarke. (BY OUIl SPECIAL REPORTER.) Directions were given to our reporter to look up Mr?. Olarkc, of Woodriff- strcet, Penrith. On calling the pressman received a cordial reception, and, on enquiring about her illness, Mrs. Clarke said : " I first guessed there was something the matter when I found that I couldn't do my ordinary work. I Felt Restless « and relaxed, nnd if I wanted to go out anywhere I felt so tired by the time that I had finished dressing that I often t'lmnged ray mind and took my things off npain. Then 1 began to notice a twitching, pricking piin between the shoulders, which got wo Be and worse. At ni'.'lit it gavo me the most distress, th.-n the nnmiisii of it was so great that ni,jht after night I was Not Able to Lie Down, but sat up ia be J, as it was easier to b?ar the pain in that position ; am?, as for sleep, ivhy I hardly ever got an hour'ti ro*t from evening to morning." " 80 bad as that! " " Yes, and all this time 1 had a heavy sick head ache that never ccnscd, and my food disagreed with rao evory timo T took it. After eating 1 felt great oppression on my chest, and I would have Riven the world to have thrown it up again. But there it Black, cold and undigested, till it tinned sour and brought on windy spasms. There was alwuys a nauseous taste in my mouth which nothing could remove. It is no wonder that 1 was So Thin and Weak, and of a pallid, unwholesome colour. People used to say that I looked more like a walking ghost than n human being, but I' looked no worse.than I felt. I bad to give up trying <0 work ; it was no use, t couldn't do it. Tortured with unceasing headaches, and harassed by The Never-ending Fains j in my back, life seemed not worth the living, and everything was n misery. Meal time?, which, to those who aro in health, is a lime of cheerful gathering, only wearied me, for I had no appetite, and only ate when I was actually obliged to." ♦. "Things couldn't last long like that." said our reporter. " You're mistaken j a woman take3 a lot of kill ing, for, on and off, I was ill for Three Years, and always getting worse." " Surely the doctors could reliere you ?" " Nothing of the sort: the dnctors could do. nothing for me. Their physic quite failed in its object, I can't stop to tell you now how many different pills and other thiDgs I took trying to get relief. If they were all put together I believe the bottles of medicine and boxes of pills I took would have filled buckets, livery penny of the money I paid for these things Was Utterly "Wasted, and I oan hardlv understand how my poor body stood it all. It was quite nlrtin that none of fcbeso remedies bit off my disease, bo I ceased taking medicine altogether; hut I grew no bettor. A sluggish toipir lay heavily on me all day, my eyes were dim and swollen, and yet I was not able to sleep, and at night I never could find an easy position in which I could get a few hours' rest, which I needed so bidly, ■ so exceedingly acute were tha Tortues which Affected Me. I grew very dejected. A great weight of despair hung over me like n cloik. The conversation of my husband and children was not able to arouse or interest mo. Lower and lower I flank, and got weaker and weaker, till very often I thought that my spark of life wag going out, and that I was about to die. ' Medicine had seemed uteleBS, and I could not sos a gleam of hope anywhere, and yet, at last, I found a remedy That Defeated the Disease which had hold of mo." " Yen, what V '■ Clements Tonic. I was repeatedly advised to take it. bat I put it down as being al-wat as much use bs the other things which I had swallowed. But I was quite out of my reckoning, for, when I did give in and commenced to take it, An Immense Difference was oaBily seen in my general health after only one large bottle. The dull appearance about the eyes gave place to a brighter and healthier look. I soon took a pleasure in reading and the company- of friends, who complimented me upon My Marked improvement. I obtained four more bottles of Clements Tonic. It brought my st'ength back splendidly, and my head ache and the nains in my back eave me lea* trouble and pnin after every dose. I felt quite sprigbtlv and lively in the day time, instead of heavy and stupid as I used to do. and at night, not feeling any pain to speak of, long sleep began to be a regu'ar thine. No day passed but what I was a step further towards my usual vigorous health. Onco I sent my food away, but now I callel for more, and it did me good, digested easily, and I began to fill out all over. I avoided any chance of a relapse by sticking to Clements Tonic even after 1 thought I was convalescent, AH traces of Pain and Disease were Dissipated, and I was robust and vigorous again, thanks to that fine remedy, Clements Tonic, and I need hardly tell you I'm naver now without a bottle in the bouse. It cured me. You see I am in perrect health now ; I hope I ever shall be. No one know* The Misery and Despair of one in ill health except tboso who suffer H, I am glad to give the credit to Clements Tonic. It did worlds for me, and I don't care who knows it, for you or Clements Tonic peiple can publish what I've said in any way'you like. 