NOVEL. A Qaestion of Courage By FRANCIS LYNDE, CHAPTER X.— (Continued.) Hester covered her face with her hands, and the compassionate comforter saw a tear triokle down one of the. shapely fingers. 4 There, there, Hester dear ; don't cry : 1 know you can't talk about it yet, not even to me.' The girl looked up with cheeks sflame. And you know why I can't 1 It's shame ful to even think of such a thing 1' ' No, it isn't, — not from my point of view; you must remember I know some things on the other side, and if Hugh hasn't spoken it's be cause he has been restrained- by a nobler motive than moBt men could find a place for. Ob, you needn't hide your face again : I'm not going to do his wooiug for him ; you'll find he can do that for himself, soioe day, and then he'll tell you all about it.' Hester rose aud orossed to the window commanding a view of the mountain and Mrs Lualow went away to attend to her household duties. When she looked iu an hour later, the girl was still Btauding at the window, looking with wistful eyes at the forest- clad slopes of the great hill, as if seeking to read the secret of the mystery on the fair pages of the landscape. It was a long, weary day for the' two women, and in the afternoon Hester announced her intention of returning to 'The Laurels.' ' 1 shall hear sooner, if I go baok,' she said, iu reply to Mis Ludlow's effort to detain her, ' and the delay iH pitifully hard at best.' ' Shan't I have John get out the phaeton, so I can drive you up ?' 'No,' replied Hester, with her face averted. ' I thiuk it will be better for me to go by myself. If— if it Bhould turn out as I fear, I should want to be quite alone for a while.' Mrs Ludlow understood, and did not seek to ohange her plans ; and after the girl had disappeared in the windings of the mountain road, the tender-hearted little woman took the vacant plaoe at the window, watching eagerly for the firBt signs of the returning search- party. She was standing there yet when the sun went behind the mountain end the first stragglers of the party began to appear in the road ; and she was trying so earnestly to distinguish the form of her husband among the men that she did not hear him when he entered the room. A Bingle glance at his face disheartened her, and she eonld not find words to frame the question that found better speech in her eyes. 'No, we didn't find him,' said Ludlow, gravely, answering her thought. ' We quartered every foot of the plateau and looked all along under the cliffs on both biows of the mountain. He's not up there, dead or alive. And that isn't all: the MoNabb was blown up again last night.' Mrs Ludlow seemed not to have heard tbe last sentence, for she put her arms around her husband's neok and hid her face on his bosom, saying, softly, ' Oh, poor, poor JHesterl' CHAPTER XL the building op a statu. Good resolutions, backed by whatever plea of advisability or necessity, are not always certain to bear fruit after their kind. _ When Ringbrand flung himself down beside the log to wait for the dawn, he fully intended keeping awake m order to take advantage ot the earliest light for the beginning of the new endeavonr. So ran the alert deter mination ; but he who watohes may not lie quietly with closed eyes, and when Ringbrand Bprang to his feet out of a sound Bleep the morning was far advanced. Reproaching himself remorsefully for Lis want of vigilance, he reoulled the details of the plan which had suggerted itself in the night, and went immediately to work. He first ascertained half the length of the log by measuring it with the rope, and with the dimension thus obtained he gauged the varying width of the cavern until he found a point where the walls approached each other bo nearly as to make , the intervening correspond exactly with his measurement. The next step was to out the log into two pieceB of equal length, and, dragging it out into the better light under thb aperture, he narrowly missed throwing it down upon an other paokago of food similar to the one found in the same t-pot ou the previous morning. It was a welcome surprise, and he stopped work long enough to devour the hard corn-bread aud greasy baocn, thinking that the daintiest breakfast ever brought him by the well-trained waiter in the grill-room of his New Tork club had not been eaten with a keener relish. ' It must be the woman,' he soliloquized ; ' it can't be anyone else ; and if these fellows have put their devilish plot in motion I'll get no more rations from that source, because they were to send her away to-day. After all, tbongh, I don't know as it makes much difference ; if another night finds me still iu ' this hole I shan't eare much what becomes of me.' Putting the shadow of despondency into words had the effect of defining it, and he shook it off resolutely. 4 That'll never do ; there must be no 'ifs' and 'ands' about it : I've just got to get out of here while this daylight lasts.' ' He swallowed the last mouthful of bread and fell to work again, beginning to out a grove around the middle of the log by in cessant aud careful strokes of the pick. In turning the piece of timber, he saw where the mountaineer's shot had ploughed a deep furrow in it, and he knew then that the bruise on his arm had been made by the glancing and half-spent bullet. He scarcely heeded the grim reminder, and as he bent patiently to bis work he thought how quickly the sohuol of privation and hardship begins to impress its lessons of indifferenoe upon the mind. There are many things easier of accom- ment than the cutting in two of a six-inch stick of tough oak with the dull point of a piok as a substitute for an axe ; and the muscles of Riugbrand's baok and arms were in painfnl rebellion, and his hands were sore and blistered, long before the thing was done. As a college man, he had been rather fond of athletics, and the training of the university gymnasium, reaching np through the over- lying years of sedentary habit, gave him the power of endurance and enabled bim to kesp steadily at work in spite of tbe protests of baok and arms and hands; but this did not lessen the aouteness of tbe pain, nor did it dull tbe keen agony of apprehension tbat seized upon him as he saw how slowly the outtirg progressed. Notwithstanding his perseverance and the feverish energy with whioh he worked, the hands of his watch marked the bour of noon when the last re maining fibres of the wood gave way under tbe blows of the piok, and. stopping only long enough to get a drink of water from the pool, he carried the pieces to the point-deter mined by ilre measurement with the rope, and began to fit one of them breast -high between the vertical walls as the first round of his ladder. 4 By Jove! talk about special providences — what chance would T have if this bit of timber hadn't tumbled down here ?' It was a comfort to think aloud in the dead silence of the place. Now, if I oan wedge this so it. will hold me — ' A half-dozen trials went for nothing, and La sat down to worry it out in theory. ' It's too long — that's what's the matter with it : but if I cut it off it may he too short for the next place, and that won't do. Let me see ; I wonder if I couldn't dig a little step for the lower end.' He was on his feet again in a moment, picking a shallow hole m the soft sandstone. The expedient answered the purpose, and when the log was adjusted he tried it, first by littles and then ky climbing up and jumping upon it. It held, and he forgot his anhes and pains in the exultant joy of -success. ' That demonstrates it : if I can 'fit one, I can fit the others. And I'll get the hang of it presently, so 1 oan work faster. It ought not to take more than six of theBe to oarry me to the top; six, or possibly seven,' — scanning the ol'eit above him, — 'and I've got five hourB or suoh a matter to do it in. At tbat rate it will be dark when I get baok to Ludlow'B : but that won't matter. An hour will give me all the time I want at Tom's, aud we oan figure safely up to teu o'clock.' Then the folly of planning so far ahead while he was still in prison that for two days and a half hud resisted all his ef forts to break it struck him like the rebuke of a taskmaker, and he slid down from the log with a mild imprecation pointed at his own vagaries. 'That's just like me,' he muttered, 'sending my imagination across the river before the bridge is even planned. Work is the word, you speculative idiot X j Do you hear that ? Work !' To his great astonishment, Ihe word seemed to bring an answer from the upper world, and he ran to the other end of the cavern to listen. The hallo waB repeated, and he answered it with all the strength of bis luDgs ; once again he heard the ory, hut this .time it was fainter, and after that the Bilenoe was undisturbed. Alive to the im portance of utilizing every moment of time, Ringbrand returned to his work ; but the expiring glimmer of the hope raised by the answering shout left a feeling of depression whioh would have unmanned bim had he known that one of the searohing miners had . aotually looked down into the cavern at the - moment when he was climbing down from the first step of his problematical stair. Fitting the first round of the ladder from the solid standing- ground offered by the bottom of the oave was much easier than the adjustment of the second, but Ringbrand had his plans well thought out now, and he worked carefully and methodically, saving the preoious momonts in every possible way. Climbing to a seat upon the round already placed, he hoisted the other piece of wood after him by means of the rope ; and, balancing upon the preoarious footing, be succeeded after many cautious trials in hew ing out a resting-place for the second step in his stairway. With the fixing of this rouud,: however, the difficulties immediately doubled, beoause the subsequent steps must be fitted each from the slight scaffold ing afforded by the other. Making a final f in tn tVio Aaai tVin notrnvn Jc "uv v t««v vavmu| JlvlUgUVauU tied one end of the rope to the pick, and carrying the other end with him, he ascended and fastened it to the first piece of wood. Then climbing to the second, he repeated the former operation, dislodging the lower round by gentle upward blows with the swinging piou and drawing it up until he could grasp aud raise it to a point still higher in the cavern. The plan was com pletely successful, but its. slow progress con sumed the time remorselessly, aud the strain of work and anxiety began to tell upon him. He fought desperately against ' the rising fever of impatience, knowing well enough that everything now depended upon hiB ability to go on with persistent determina tion and with steady bands. As he neared the roof of the cavern, where the shadowH were deeper, the difficulty of plaoing the cross pieces increased so greatly that he grew faint and dizzy with lifting and reach ing ; and while he was raising the laBt step in the stair to its place between the walls, he suddenly became blind and tremulous, the heavy log s'ipped from his hands and went crashing to the bottom of the chasm, and a Becond afterward he lost his balance and fol lowed it, catohing frantioally at the uneven walla as he slid baok to the Bandy floor. The sharpest discouragement is sometimes a blessing in disguise. The shook of the fall and the apparent failure of his carefully laid plan seemed to inspire Ringbrand with an energy born of despair. Straggling to his feet, and gathering new courage from the thought that the other end of the rope was still fastened to the remainiug rouud iu the upper shadows, be Issbrd tbe stick tbar, had falieu to ihe end iu v> looti tne pick was attached, ana olimbeu unco more to theperoh in the twilight under the roof. Fired with, an enthusiasm which banished all thought of fatigue, ho soon had the swaying log in his grasp again, and after a moment of critical poising tne last step wus wedged into its place and driven securely home by a few blows with the piok. Without waiting to test its stability, be swung up to the trail staging, drew the pick up after him, and balanced himself for the atiaok upon the roof. Just at this juncture the thought suddenly came to him that he had built biB ladder upon the mere supposition that the roof was assailable, and an awful fear that instead of yielding earth be might enoounter a huge boulder almost unnerved him. There was no time tor hesitation, however, and, summoning all his strength, he swung the piok upward, giving a glad ory of relief and a hearty ' Thank God 1' when the iron tore a great hole through the thin covering, bringing down a shower of earth and pebbleB upon him, and letting tbe blessed light of day into the gloomy shadows of the pit. A minute later he wa6 standing, begrimed and breathless, but heart-whole and thank ful. upon the firm turf of the mountain-top ; and, pausing only long enough to get his bearings, he set off at a qaiok trot toward Tregarthen, taking a straight course through the forest and keeping the direotion by the red glow of the Bunset. CHAPTER XII. A VALOBOU8 GOWABD. The leader of the unsuccessful party of sea ohers was just finishing his supper, in the intervals of whioh delayed meal he had been giving his wife a detailed narration of the events of the day. 'And now I sup pose I've got to go and put in the night at the MoNabb, he added : ' these raids have got to be stopped, if——' Mrs Ludlow held up a warning finger. ' I thought that was our gate,' she said, and presently they both heard the quick nervous tread of some' one coming up the gravelled walk. Then there was a step on the veranda, and before either of them could rise a grimy apparition appeared at the door of the dining-room. Ludlow sprang to his feet with an exolamation of glad surprise. ' By Jove, old fellow, but you did give me a turn 1 he exclaimed, grasping the ap parition's hand and wringing it heartily. ' I thought it was your ghost,— I did, for a faot ; and I believe the small madam thinks so yet. — Helen, deir, wake up and allow me to introduce Mr Ringbrand.' Mrs Ludlow rose unsteadily and ran np, laughing and crying in the same breath. 'You foolish man!' she said, poshing. her husband aside impetuously, ' can't yon see that Hugh is nearly dead P — and you stand » there making your miserable jokes ! i flhri don't you run for the doctor, quick P' In spite of the dreadful seoret that was weighing him down like a nightmare, Ring- brand dropped into the nearest obair and laughed till the tears out little ohannels through the grime on his oheeks. 'You. mustn't mind mo,' ho said, as soon as he could speak ; 'I haven't laughed for three., whole days, and it sounds so good aud home? J like to hear you talk again. I don't want a dootor, Tom,' — Ludlow was edging toward., the hat- rack, — 'I need soap aud water and. something to eat. — Mrs Ludlow, I'm yonr guest, and I've lose teu oonseoutive meals : please have Aunt Mina put the whole ten of them on the table, and I'll devour them wheu I've washed off a little of this war paint.' ' ' Mrs Ludlow vanished in the direotion of the kitohen, and Ringbrand rose and grasped ' bis -friend's arm.. ' Tom, you oome up stairs with me while I olean up a bit, and I'll tell you what I can. There's work oat oat for both of us to-night, with not any too muoh time to spare.' Ludlow followed him up-stairs, asking, ' Shall I turn on the water in the bath-room for you ?' . , ) ' No ; there isn't time for that ; bat yoa may op6n those valiseB aud get me a whole olean outfit —the blaok suit with the out- ' : away will do.' He got out of his soiled clothing hur riedly, throwing the different artioles all about the trim room aud hastily recounting the story of his oapture, imprisonment, and escape, concluding by giving an outline of the plot against the Latimers as set forth in the conversation between the two mea in the", oave. . . . ; . > ' Great heavens 1 but it's luoky your over?, heard that talk,' ejaoulated Ludlow, pans- !! ing in- his aimless aearoh amongtheoontenta of the travelling-bags. ' It's something more than luck; , Tpm,' replied Ringbrand, sluicing his; face ' in -the basin ; it's Frovideuoe, or else I shouldn't -, be here to tell about it.' ' Have you thought of any plan to obeok- mate the scoundrels ?' ' I have, and it needs your help. As soon as I've had something to eat, we'll drive up . to ' The Laurels,' aud then you oan take the first opportunity that offers to get the colonel by himself while you tell him about it. He ean tell Henry quietly, and there'll be t o need of alarming Miss Hester. After sue has gone to bed we'll hold a oonnoil of war, put out the lights, and dispose our forces o as to give the Bynums a warm welcome when they come ; they will not make the attempt much before midnight, and we will have plenty of time to get ready for them. ' Hadn't we better take a few of the men with us ? — the Bynum boys will fight like devils when they find themselves cornered.' ' I think it won't be necessary — can't von find that suit ? You see, there will be four of us, and if you can manage to capture the one who is holding the horses, I think the colonel and Henry arm nut-elf will be good lor tne "il.r t.»u. i L-d tiioaght of sug gesting n " oing like this. They will leave- the hoii-<\- < the grove at the left of the avenne, <.n.j you ean post yourself where you oan slip up and surprise your man. Then the others will proceed to fire the house, — probably at the front — retreating to tbe cover of the clump of laurels to await developments. lor the sake of having a clear ease of arson against them, I tbonght it would be best to wait until they had aotually started the fire, and while they are doing this I oan get behind the laurels and the oolonel and Henry oan prepare to oover tbe men with their rifleH as they retreat. At the proper moment I can show myself' and demand a surrender, and we'll nave them pretty well surrounded.' Ludlow rose from his knees and proceeded to dump the contents of the valises upon the bed, whistling softly to himBelf as he did so. ' The soheine's as clear as diluted daylight, and it is worthy of a graduate of Scotland Yard,' he Baid. ' There is only one point that is a little misty : you've given yourBelif a part that will ask for a heap of downright oold- blooded nerve, Hugh. What have yon done with your respected traditions of in herent oowardice, and the like ?' 4 Left them in the hole up on the moun tain, I hope,' replied Riugbrand, struggling into the clothing handed him by Ludlow. 4 Anyway, that is just what I want to find out. On two occasions within tho last three days I have managed to soare np courage enough to stand up to danger litre a man; but the conditions were suoh as would. have made a rabbit turn and fight. What I want ' to know now is if the inspiration were merely an exaggeration of the instinct of self- defence, or if 1 really did gain a viotory. 4 Well, you're oertainly in a fair way to settle the question if you carry out yonr pro gramme. Has it occurred to you that your calm demand will probably be answered by a couple of rifle balls P' 4 I have thought of that, but i mean to take tbe ohances,— if I do not weaken and. make a failure of the whole affair.' Ringbrand completed his hasty toilet, and went down to tbe dining-room, where Mra Ludlow was waiting io serve the returned wanderer. He took bis accustomed plaoe and made a ravenous onslaught upon the hastily prepared supper that astonished and gratified the sympathizing hostess. ' How dreadfully hungry you were !' she said, call ing Aunt Mima to replenish the empty bread plate. 4 Haven't you had anything to eat all these days P 4 Not very mueh. I will tell you all about it the first chance I get.' (To be continued.) ' _ 