Terrible Burning Accident, A SYDNEY MAN FALLS ON A HOT .STEAM-PIPE IN A BATH, HIS: FLESH ADHERED TO THE PIPE LIKE A &TEAK.; TO a FRYINGPAN,; AN AWFUL fcl-GIlT 1 . i • While in.a bath in Pitt-street, a.Mr* Jarvis had the misfortune t<o alio and, fall, on the hot water pipes, and before he could be rescued he was scalded and burnt in. a terrible way. The shock of the burning and the fall proved to b» very disastrous §or Mr, Jarvis, and for a number of years after lie. was a confirmed invalid, suffering terrible from, locomotor ataxia and other forms ot paralysis. A few months ago, however, reports began to be circulated in the neighborhood that Mr. Jarvis was gett'ng round again, and that he had had a most marvellous recovery from this apparently incurable malady. It was on account of these rumors that a special reporter from the Sydney WORKER was despatched to got all information regarding same, and one afternoon lie made his was to his house, 45.Crown-lane, Ultimo. Mr. Tlios. Jarvis was discovered nursing a two-year-old baby, and his face declared him one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up. and about, and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and .bearing still a few marks of a critical illness and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid no more. In reply to the preliminary questions, he said :;—" You want to know all about my cifse ? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. the facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." "How lorg were you suffering?" '* Well, twelve mouths ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, ajid I have done nothing since then. About five years ago next Christmas I met with an accident ;1 was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in.failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give up. my billet at the Glebe Island."' " What were the symptoms ?" "Simply indescribable. The pains, were some thing terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear.. They were for all the world like as,if a saw were cutting my bpn*s in two iu every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and wNis a nuisance to myself and; everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and:shaking, and.couldneithereat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to, the Director of Charitable Institutions,"' " Did you make nse of the order V'- No I came, home and went to. bed, and have been, pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago : I could not walk across the floor; in fact,' I could not gefcout of bed. I felt then that it was all. over- with, me, and only at question of days when I would give up. the ghost. ' My d,oc-. tor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia nills, to ease the agony I wa- in, I was under him for five or six weeks.. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering fronv iocomotor ataxia^ or progressive-locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal chord, characterised. by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co- ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that J might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to. show that medical opinion is not in-. MlibJ«4 We Wv |us.t aa a. dr.nyuin^ ifl.au ^iH grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by tlie advertisement describing the cure effected in the case of another boiler-maker iu England, •which I road in the AUSTRALIAN WORKMAN, by Dr. William,-.' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case w hich seemed to fit my own. I determined to. give the, pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to, eat and sleep as, though nothing was. the matter with me It was the first appetite and rest I had for miny a day. It was, incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. You, see those crutches there ? They are perfectly new, and I have never uped them. They were made for me before I got Dr. Wil Uatns' Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them." " He is 100 per cent, better," said Mrs. Jarvis. who had come in and taken the baby on, ! her knees. <•' The Dr. Wiiliua.s' Pink Pills for Palo People have saved his. life, ana made, another man.of him,"' A friend who called in at this, point said' that Jarvis looked ten years younger chat day thai) be did a fortnight previous. ' I can nolv," continued Jarvis, liave a cold; bath, and a11 the feeling has come liivck into my legs. I ascribe all the Change and; benefit to. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. T'hyy liav.e- saved mylife. I aui. in no pain- now, whatever and feel; t. life a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctoc gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where, they are, fori no longer need them. Everybody who. knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They-cau hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here," Such is this ramarkable history,, and it confirms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills.for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis,, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the bloody such as anssmia, pale and, sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains, in the back, nervous headache, etc. Mr. J. S. T. M'Gowcn, leader of the Labor Party in the N.S..W. Legislative Assembly, was seen by pur reporter in. connection with the remarkable case ofTl.omas.Jarvis. Mr. M'Govven says he has known Jarvis from, infancy. He also knew that he had to give up his work at Glebe Island abattoirs twelve months ago owing to a taabidy which he developed. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was bed-ridden, and; that th^re was little chance, of his, recovery. He understood Jarvis was ;refused admission to Sydney Hospital, as his ease h;»d been pronounced, incurable. Mr. WGowen was, therefore, like everyone else who knew: the facts, astounded at the complete recovery of Jarvis. These wonderful pijlls are obtainable finm leading, chemists, or from the Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., Qupen's Place, 8ydney t who will forward, (post paid) on. receipt of stamps or post order, one box for 2s 9d, or half-dozen for 15s 3d.. See that the genuine. Dr. Williams'' are gotten., • • •- - ' 