ITEMS OF- .NEWS. Sir W. A. Zeal has forwarded to the Mayor cheques for the following amounts for the charities, to be called for by the collectors : — Hospital, L3 3s ; Benevolent Asylum. L2 2s ; Mayor's box, Ll Is ; Ladies' Benevolent Asylum, T o o,. The Borough Councillors anil officers will accompany the AJayor (Cr E. D. Williams) to the service in the Congregational Church to morrow morning. Tho Rev J. W. Jones, of Malvern, will officiate. The funeral of the late Mr G. Swift, of Winter's Flat, yesterday afternoon, was well- attended. The hearse was followed by a mourn ing carriage and upwards of 20 vehicles, and the coffin was covered with numerous beautiful floral tributes. At tho grave in the local cemetery, the service was read by the Rev E. A. Crawford. Messrs Xiebuhr and Son superin tended the funeral arrangements. Air T. Odgera took his seat on the Police Court Bench yesterday for the first time since being gazetted a Justice of the Peace, and was congratulated on his appointment by the Mayor, who remarked that his former experience of two years, due to being Alayor of -the borough,; would be of service to him. Air Best, on behalf of the legal profession, congratulated Mr Odgers on his appointment, coming as a recognition of his honourable career as a business man, and hoped he would live to adjudicate for many years. In making his acknowledgments,' Mr Odgers sincerely thanked them for their con gratulations on his appoinfiiietit to the .commis sion of the peace, and said he would do his best to perform the duties .'of the office, ! with the assistance of his brother magistrates. At the Congregational Church . to-inorrow morning and evening, the Rev J. W. Jones (who Is pastor of the Malvern "Congregational Church) will officiate. Air Jones, who hails from Brecon College, Wales; is an nble and in structive preacher, and lias done good service in connection with the Congregational Churches in. South Australia and Victoria. The rev gentle man will also conduct a Welsh service, and preach in WeLsh at the Congregational Church, Wesley Hill, in the afternoon. The concert that was organised by the Recha- bite Tent at Harcourt in aid of the funds of tho Benevolent Asylum, having brought in L8 8s, the thanks of the Asylum Committee will be transmitted to that body. ! There will, it is hoped, be a hearty response to the appeal made in our columns yesterday by the Rev E. A. Crawford iri connection' wjth the musical portion of the Church Parade to be hold j to-morrow fortnight. What is required for the ! occasion Is a strong united choir, and there is 110 i reason whatever why the capacious gallery of j the Salvation Army barracks should not be! filled with vocalists when the parade is held, j The choirs of the local churches, us also of those in the districts immediately surrounding Cos. ' tlemaine, should have 110 hesitancy whatever in 1 assisting at the service, the proceeds from which arc iri'aid of tho United Service -Home. A re hearsal is fixed to tako place' in' the Christ Church School-rooin on Tuesday night next, under the leadership of Air C. T. Hosier. . Weather permitting, the Foundry Band will play on tho balcony, at Goldsmith's Hotel to. night, the following programme March, " Defiance ;" overture, " Austral ;" valse, " Nada ;" grand selection, " Beauties of Ire land ;" quadrille, "The Huntsman ;" quickstep, " Sympathie ;" National Anthem. ' An elderly man named Patrick Keating was thrown from his horse at Eaglehawk yesterday morning, and being unable to free bis foot from the stirrup-iron wits dragged some distance along the road. He sustained a severe scalp wound. A miner named C. Aloore fell down the stopes at the Great Extended Hustler's mine, Bendigo, on Thursday night, ar)d sustained a severe scalp wound. Bendigo ladies are taking to riding their bicycles to evening entertainments, even when in evening dress. The following notification appears in the ' Police Gazette' : — Gustavus Prince absconded from the Kingsbury Reformatory, Newstead, on the 3rd inst. Description: — Industrial School boy, about 14 years of age, stout build, very dark complexion and hair, lump on side of neck ; wore a dark tweed coat aud brown mole trousers. ' The Bendigo "ghost" is now reported to be prowling in several localities, but the scare has almost subsided. An incident of a comical nature is reported from Marong. A lady re sident observed a white object moving about a hedge bordering her fence, and believing that the "ghost" had come from Bendigo invoked the assistance of several young men to drive it away from the premises. One of the men armed himself with- a gun and fired at the ob ject, which f ull to the ground. On proceeding to examine it they found that it was a white calf which had been eating the hedge. The shot had killed it At the Police Court at iWarracknabeal. on Fri day, two youths, named Albert -Aloysey and Peter Campbell, were committed for. trial bit Jdie Criminal Court, at Horsham, 2 charge of criminally assaultingAniy Sitbpson." At 'tlio Alaldon Police Court- 011 Thursday, before Alessrs Davison, Pollard and Harding, Js.P., Herr Schuchman, of the German Club, was charged with selling beer without a license. Excise-officers 'LaMerf and Speedid proved the case. A fine of L25 and costs was inflicted. Jimmy Wing, a Chinese," was similarly charged, and fined the same amount. Mr, J. W. M'Cay appeared for lioth of the accused. The gymnast, Theodore Cameron, who fell, from a horizontal bar at Zeehan, and wiis' paralysed as the result of a dislocation of tho spine just below the neck, died on Thursday. Valentine, a heavy-weight boxer, formerly of Sydney, who went to Cape Colony about a year ago, has fought Thomson, a local pugilist-, for the heavy-weight championship of the colony. The encounter took place at Cape Town, and resulted in the defeat of Thomson in the third round. The corn section of the Sydney Chamber of Commerce estimates that the wheat yield of the colony, during the forthcoming season will be 15,000,000 bushels, of which 10,000,000 bushels will be required for home consumption, leaving 5,000,000 bushels .available for export. The main cartoon in this week's ' Punch' has - reference to the proposal of Russia for the dis armament of the nations. The Bear is shown as a dentist possessed of very . formidable fangs. He suggests to the other nations that as they are all troubled with bayonet fangs they should have them all extracted. To thi6 the Lion re joins, "Ay, ay, my hearty. Suppose you tako!' a long pull and a strong pull at your own first 1" A serious accident; occurred at the Western mine, Zoehan", "through an explosion, whilst tho men were picking the debris left in the face shots fired by the previous shift. Thomas Stratton was seriously injured, and will pro bably not recover ; while Rupert Vaughan was slightly injured. Pintsch gas, the new carriage illuminant adopted for the railways, is being gradually — very gradually — introduced. It is at present installed only in carriages running in the Sydney express. Next week probably it will be found in the trains on the Ballarat and Bendigo lines; the requisite fittings are now being placed in the cars. \- -The disgust of the Artful Dodger when the police got him for a mere "wipe after all is nothing to that which the public of Victoria : will feel when they learn the humiliating fact which I (" Woomera ") am about to reveal to them, and which has- hitherto been concealed by a syncophantie press. Here is the item, in all its naked deformity, as taken from the ' Daily Alail ' (London), 21st July : — " Lord Brassey was summoned ai Marlborough-street yesterday, at the instance of the London County Council, for -permitting the kitchen chimney of his house in Park Lane to be on fire. His Lordship was filled 5s, with 2s costs." That he would have a j bit of a fling when he got home we all expected, and we were prepared to.' make' allowances, so long as ho kept up the reputation of; the colony. The only thing to be said, about the. chimney catching fire Is that, besides being in itself excit- sport, it adds charm and variety to tho long list of mishaps associated with - His Excellency's name since we first knew knew him as Governor of Victoria. - - i " There is in this audience an old man, who follows the occupation qf a boot-black in the city. He makes on an. average sixpence a day. Out of that he pays for. Ills board and his washing. (Laughter.) ' It is a mercy he.has not a wife and family to keep out of it; (Laughter.) When he has a really splendid day he makes three shil lings. Yet thnt-man bfoughtme this nftemoon, in threepences and' pennies, the sum of two shillings and ninepence: — (loud cheers)— in aid of the Hospice. (Cheers.)— I am going to havo that money specially wrapped up, for it is the finest nift I know." (Cheers.) The Rev C. Tregear, at the Central Alethodist Alission demonstration in the Melbourne Town Hall. The question of .the, identity "of the human remains found by Air M. Landers near the Five Mile Creek a fortnight ago Is still unsettled. As suggested by Detective Sexton, who has charge of the case, the detectives in the metropolis are engaged prosecuting inquiries with a view to ascertaining if any person engaged in the senic branch at the theatres in Melbourne has disap peared during the past year or two. AD Gillies is a native, of .Glasgow, aged 64. Judge ALidden is aged 54, Williams 54, Hol- royd, 61, Hood 54, Hodges 52, and x'Beckett 56\. Sir William Zeal Is 68, and looks about 50, and is still wifeless— a good engineer, but not strong as a politician. Airs John Grant, one of tho oldest residents in the Wangarrata district, died at Boorhaman within three months of 98 years of ago. The deceased was singularly healthy, and she retained all her faculties, being able to write without spectabk'B. Two years since she accidentally fell and injured her hip, and this accident, which seriously affected her, was the only occasion in her long life upon which she was attended by a medical man. , The primes ox which was a centre of attraction at the Royal Society's show was sold at New market by auction, -and realised tho handsome price of L30, the purchaser being Air Freame, of Port' Alelliourhe. This is the highest price obtained for a single ox for 20 years, the nearest I price being L28, obtained for an immense | ox bred and fattened . by Mr W. E. Power, of i Powerscourt, and sold at Newmarket in August, ; 1882. I A New York telegram in tho London papers ! states that an amusing incident occurred upon ; the occasion of General Joseph Wheeler's | cavalry charge into the Spanish lines at Santi- 1 ago. General Wheeler was the most dashing commander of cavalry on tho Confederate side during the rebellion, .but. the force under him ' upon this day at Santiago was composed wholly ; of Northern Yankees. In the excitement of j the moment General Wheeler imagined ho was 30 ! years younger, and again leading his rebels ! against their Northern enemies, and he shouted out, " Now, boys ; give tho Yankees hell 1" I \- The men behind him laughed aloud at the ; mistake, and the general,, appreciating it at the | ! same instant, said, " Oh, well, I men the j . Spaniards." | It is not commonly known that one private : detective in plain clothes always accompanies the Royal party when the Queon travels. He is quartered not in the dwelling-place of Her Majesty, but in some villa close by. t ' The Federation debate was commenced on Thursday in the Sydney Assembly, Air Lyno being for sending the Premier to a conference with a free hand, and Air Reid asking for the declared support of Parliament to his amend- ments. Aurum has been scratched for tho Cesare- ; witch Stakes, and Resolute for the Cambridge- I shire Stakes. The other Australian horses which wore entered have been accepted for those events. To walk through all the streets, avenues, lanes, and alloys of London, never traversing the same one twice, would require a ten-mile walk every day for nine years. In Sydney there were in the month juat closed 953 untenanted buildings, as against 1298 12 months ago, being a decrease of 345. A year ago there were 937 residences unoccupied, now there are only 705. A man named Morris Roy Rickards has been arrested on a charge of embezzling LC0 from George Frederick Kealey, of Sydney, by whom . he was employed, . . 