'TJS^G&^PHJiC. Weather Forecasts. Sydâey, Tuesday. Mr. Russell's forecast is light winds' in the J southern district, W. to S.W. winds, fine generally, fogs probable on the rivers. ? Mr. Wragge forecasts showers in the south-east and southern highlands, snow on the Australian Alps and elsewhere, generally fine, squalls between W. and S.W, south from Newcastle with rising seas. Grafton, Tuesday. . At a meeting of the Clarence Pastoral and Agri- cultural Society to-day, Mr. Albert Eggins was elected President for the ensuint- year, and Messrs. W. Bailey and J. M'Pherson, Vice-presidents; Mr. T. Page, Treasurer; and Mr. J. C. Wilcox, Sec- retary. . ' It was decided to hold a competition to ascertain the best butter-producing cow in the district, and to arrangé for supervision to carry out the t^st. A meeting of tho Dairymen's Association waa hold to-day, when the following associations and cream- eries were represented :-Ulrnurru, Southhampton, Grafton, Brushgrove. Coutt's Crossing, Whiteman's Creek, South Aim, Lavadia, Chatsworth, Copman- hurst, nnd Lawrence. It was decided to accept the Fresh Food and Ice Company's export scheme on the same boris us last season, suppliers receiving the additional advantage of £2 per ton A resolution was also carried that a petition bo sent in by the dairymen of the district protecting ngainst margarine, being placed on the market us butter ; and also to apply to tho Department that one of the dairy bulli} of tho stock recently imported by the Government shall be placed at thodisponalof the dairymen of the Clarence, Grafton, and Raleigh electorates. It was also proposed that a dairy farm should bo incorporated with the proposed experimental farm in the Clarence district. The rules of the Association were altered provid- ing for membership oa ajiro rata basis instead of a fixed fee. , ' , , } ' (Sydney, Tuesday. The Opposition will not support any candi- dates against the Ministers seeking re-election. " 'At the meeting of the Minor's Conference, lield on Saturday, the masters brought for nurd proposals which they stated the men must either definitely accept or reject. The proposals nro to bo submitted to a ballot. Gravo dissatis- faction exists among the Newcastle'miners. Tho Captain and four of the crew of the steamer,Seu Ghost, have been massacred at the Solomon Islands group. They were attacked un- expectedly by tho Islanders. The native crew fought despeiatcly. i' The Government Geologist is of the opinion that a valuable deep lead will be found in the Mulray channel near Albury, and thinks that hatter cmditions will have to be offered to capitalists to induce them to work the deep leads ulong the Murray. ' ' ' ' The tick i conference of Ministers for Agri- culture concluded on Saturday. Precautions to keep the pest out of N.S.W. have been made as effective as possible. The Qiloonslatid Min- ister for Agriculture recommends stock'' owners to inoculate animals " >"" Mr. Varney Parkes has been re-elected un- opposed.' Mr. Hague is being opposed by Mr. Mames Jones. The estate of the late John Mattho*- Smith, solicitor, of Melbourne, which is valued at £2*0.277 paid £24.027 probate duty. L A At a meeting of Wesleyan ministers, yester- day, strong disapproval was expressed of the proposed legislation to legalise the totalisator and Sunday trading. ' * ? Six New Caledonian convicts who recently escaped from Noumea, it is believed, intend making for New Zealand. , The latest betting on the Epsom Handicap is 8 to 1 Alemene and Bell Metal, 10 to 1 Chief and Oban, 14 to 1 Hitaware, 20 to 1 Kobiu Hood and Tola, 25 to 1 North British, Strathioy, Feu-de-joi, Ampere. - ' L " For the Melbourne Cup Plutus has been backed to win £10,000 at 1000 to 15. . ' Owing to the length of time the' Federation debate is oxpeoted to tal*e,<:theçTreasiirer will probably be compelled to ask for u Supply bill at the end of the present month/ The present market value of the Weat Aus- tralian Associated Mine is two and a half millions sterling, and shares yesterday reached the record quotation, namely, 08s. Mr. Sydney Smith has been presented with an illuminated address and purse of sovereigns hy the citizens of Bathurst in recognition of his post political services. It is deünitej'y announced.that Mr. F.,.Clarke, member for the Hustings, retires in order that Mr. Barton shall offer himself for the seat. ' » « ' ' ? ' ' * Later. In the Assembly this afternoon Mr. Young, in reply to Mr. Suttor, stated "the Royal Oom mission, appointed at the instance of Mr Varaey Parkes, to inquire into the alleged misconduct of cartu in officers in the Works Department, cost the Government £2432. In reply to a question, Mr. Reid said, it waa a fact that the Police Superannu-itiou Fund was practically insolvent;.' ' ' ' The petition challenging Mr. W." '-T.3 Fëcris's seat for 'Parramatta has been referred.-lb' the Elections Qualifications Committee1: " ' ' Mr. Rose moved the adjournment .of the House to call' attention to the -necessity ' for abolishing the political composition of the Public Works Committee. The Labor party hold, a meeting this''after- noon for the purposo of discussing the Federal resolutions, but ndjourned without arriving at any definite conclusion with regard to necessary amendments. They, will further consider the matter later in the evening. ' The Labor party, may determine to propose a number of amendments. ' The Opposition hold a meeting to-morrow for a similar purpose. The body of a rniddle-aged man waa fonnd in Cook's River dam to-day. It had apparently been in the water for some days, and likely floated down the river with yesterday's tide. The announcement of Mi. Clarke's retirement for Mr. Barton was received with general satis- faction by members on all' sides of the House this afternoon. There is not likely to be any opposition to Mr. Barton's election. 