Sermon for- Sunday. Spiritualism an Imposture. iv Bt . Rey. Db. Talmaoe. ...... There shall not be found -anions you -any . consulter with familiar spirits,'' or a wizard, or a necromancer. ' For all that do those things are an- abomination unto tho Lord.— Doufc. xviii. ,10-w. /'/'/ //'"-/'. We are aurroundod by niyfltery. Before tis; behind us,, to the right of us, to' the ; loft ' of us— mysterjr. There is'u vast realm.uu- expiored - that science, ' I have no doubt, will yet map out. > Ho who explores, that realm will do the .world more service than did over : a Coluiiibus or an Amerigo Vespucoi. There are so many things that cannot be accounted for, so many sounds , and appearances which defy ,. acoustics. . and investigation, sp many effects which do not seem to Have a sufficient cause. Tho wall between the spiritual and the material is a very thin wall.- A J: v ; 1\. "The first leading remark. I have to make in wegiird to spirituulisui - is.tbat-it is a very old doctrine of' deception rVDo /you /want .to know the ; origin laud' tho v.liistoryj; of . ' that which has captured so manyin "all our, towns and cities— as doctrine' with, which; somo of you are tinged ? Spiritualism in' America 'was boru.iu IS47, in HydissyilloA 'Wayne coiuity, . where one night, there ' was a prietendod- rapping' at„ the door of -Michael Wcekman, and a second and third rapping at the .. 'door, and di'ery time tho door was oppnod/there was no one there. ' Proof positive that they were invisible , knuckles that rapped ah the door ! Iu the siuhe h<>uto thore was a man who felt a cold hand : pass over his fore head," "but no arra attophed to lthd; kund. Pfobf. positive.it was ' spiritunlistic influence ! Iu all; ages there havd; bMn;HCcromancers, those who consulted with i tberapirits of the departed ! charmers, who th rew people into a niebmoric state ! sorcerers, who by eating poisonous lierbs can see everything, hear every thing, and tell everything ; astrologers, who found out a new dispensation of the stars ; experts in palmistry, wli'o' can teU from the lines ihthe palm of your hand your origin, your history, and your ' destiny.' Prom the cavern on Mount- Parnassus it is said thore came up'an atmosphere that intoxicated the sheep and the goats tbat" came/near by, and under its influence the shepherds were lifted into exaltation, ;eo '.that they could foretell future- events and consult '..with familiar spirits. - Long before the ; time of Christ the Brahmins had table-rooking . and table- quukiug. Wbatjdoes God think of all these things? Ho- says in ono place, "I will bo a 6wift witness against the' .sorcerers." Ho says in another place, 'Thou shalt not suffer a witch to live." And lest yoii should . mnke;too wide a margin between spiritualism and witchcraft, He groups them together in the' text and says, " . There shall not be found among you . any consulter withV familiar spirits, or a wizard,;6r a necromancer. For all that do these things - are -an abomination unto the Lor$" 2\. Spiritualism takes advantage of those who. are weak and morbid with trouble. We " lose a friend. The house is dark, the world is dark, the future seems dark; If .we had in our. rebellion and weakness the power to mar shal a host and recapture our loved one from the next world, we would, marshal ; the host. Ob, How some long to speak with the dead ! Wq# as 'Christians; Ipng' to speak with the living— .those who, alive in' Christ on' earth, aralivp with Him for evermore. Spiritualism comes' in at that moment, when we are all worn out, perliapsby six weeks' or two months watching-— all worn -out, body, mind, and soul— and says, 'Now, I will open the door ; you shall hear the voices. Take your placo arbund the table ; all. bo quiet now." Five minutes pass;'ai6ng-no response, from -the ' next worid: Teh minutes, 15 minutes,; 20 miuutesA'N'ervbus system all the time more and : more agitated. Thirty minutes— no response from tho' next world; 40 mimites pasSi .and the table; begins to shiver. Then tee "medium " rite down, his hand twitch ing, and. the/pen- andthe ink and tho paper having been -provided, ho writes out the message from the next world. What a fraud! What a mean artifice! What is remarkable is.. that those spirits, after .being in- the' illumination of 'heaven, sorao for years, forgot how to spell right. < People who wore excellent grammarians come back, mul with their- first sentenco smash all tho laws.ot English ' grammar. -I rcocivod such a lotter. I happened to know the man that signed it. It was a miserably-spelt letter. I sent it -back with the remark, '"Fou just Bond word to those spirits they.had better go to school and study orthography;" It comes in - time of woakness and 'overthrows tho soul. Now, just thjnk of spirits enthroned in heaven coming down to crawl under a table; and break jcrookery, . and . ring the . bell before, supper is ready, and. rattle tho' shatters on a gusty- night ! What consolation is snch miserable 'stuff as compared with tho' consola tion of our departed friends free from toil and isin and pain, for over happy, knowing we will join them, not in mysterious and half utterance whioh makesthe hair stand on end, and makes cold chills creep along the back, but in a reunion most blessed and'happy and glorious? ' . ./ u And none sholl manhur or misdoubt / When God's great sunrise' finds us out." Oh; T: hate spiritualism, because /it' takestad- vantage of people when thoy are " weak ; and worn "out and. morbid /under life's boreaye-; menta and sorrows; V . ; -A .'': :Hl" . 3.Spiritualism/teanaffair of -the night.'. The Daveuports, tlio Foxes, tho Fowlers, and all the; meaiumsprefcr'the night, or, if it is in the chiytime, -a darkened room. 'Why ? . Because decoption ia -nioro (successful in the night. ; They lpve darkness because their do'eds arc evil/ Some of the things done in spiritual ism are unquestionably not frauds; but are to be ascribed to somo ocoult law ; but mauy of their feate aro. unmitigated humbug. All the mediums of tho post did: their work in the' night. ; The witoh of - Endor held her seanco in the night. Deeds 6f darkness ! : Away with, this religion of spooks. Spiritualism ruins; the physical health. . Look in upon an audience of spiritualists/. .Cadaverous, pale, wrcn out, 'exhausted ; hands cold and clammy. Nothing, prospers but' long hair— soft marshy yielding . rank grass./ . Sornctirpes: startling forms are in the: 2m,;relotfied'//iii>,white.;' Table fidgety as though to get/its' feet loose- and dance. Voices sepulchral./. Happings mysterious. I never kti ew a. /. confirmed spiritualist who had a healthy nervous orgarii-" sation.: It is : the fiteb stego . of epilepsy .or catalepsy. I , notice that 'peoplo who hear a- great many . ' rappings from the/ next worid have / not', much strength to . endure - the hard raps of ' this. ; If spiritualism. Iiad.'. its/w&yit;/would'tum the world into a pandemonium of carnality/ It is an unclean aud an adulteroWsyptem, and the sooner it goes down- to the pit from whence it came/up, the bbtter,; for; earth and heaven. For th© sake of ' man's honour and woman's purity, let it perish. /I- wish I could. gather up. all. the raps it has, ever- heard 'from spirits blessed or damned on ; its own head in one thundering, rap of annihilation. .- There is not an asylum from Bangor- to San Francisco where, there : are : not' tlio torn and bleeding victims of spiritualism. You go. into an asylum and say, '"What is the matter with this man?" - The doctors will tell you. again and again,/" Spiritualism, demented him." "What is tho matter \vitli this, woman?" The doctors will tell you, " Spiritualism demented her." They hnvo been carried off into montal midnight. At Flushing, Longlslund, thee was a happy home. 'The father became infatuated with spiritualism, forsook his home, took the £3,000, the only £3,000 ho had, RUiTondcred the amount to a New York "medium," three times attempted to take his own life, and then was sent to the State lunatic . asylum. You put your hand in tho hand of this influence, and it will load you down to darkness, eternal durkuess, where; spiritualism holds an ever- lasting'seance. ' The; steamer Atlantic started from Europe for America. After it had been out loug enough to get to tho middle of the ocean, the machinery broke, and for days and weeks the steamer Atlantic tossed about in the waves. Well, there were many friends of passengers in these cities, and thoy said: "Thnt vessel has gone down; it is a month sinco she was duo ; that vessel must havo sunk." There wore wives who went to spiritual mediums to learn the fate of that vessel. The spirits were gathered round the table, and they said that vessel had gone to the bottom with all onboard. Some of those wanton went to tho "insane asylum and there passed the rot of their lives. But one. day off 'Quarantine a gun was heard; .Flags went up on all tho shipping, bolls of - New York and Brooklyn were rung, newsboys ran through, the streets, shouting, "Extra .'". Tic Atlantic Bnfe !" Tho vessel pamo to the wharf, and there was embracing, of long absent ones ;. but some of the; moh wehb/upr 'tb 'the iunne asylums to find tbeir wives -incarcerated by this foul cheat /of lieli;- spiritualism; /"What, did Judge Edmonds say in Broadway Taber- nude. New " York, while making argu- mptit in: behalf of spirituulum. himself having been fiiUy captured P What did Judge Edmonds : say ? He admitted thi6 : "Thete is. a/ fascination about consultation with' the spirits- of tho dead that has a tendency to load people off from thoir right judgment, and instil into them what is revolt ing to the natural mind;" Spiritualism ruins Us disciples and its inodiums.. No soonorhad the Gadarene swine on the batiks of Galilee ' become spiritual mediums than they went down in un avalanche of pork, to the conster nation of all the.- herdHmen. Spiritualism is bad for a man, bad for a woman, bad even for 8wine ! Spiritualism rniris the soul." It firsc makes a' man a quarter of an .infidel, then it makes him half an infidel, then it makes him a full infidel. The whole, system ;is- built, on the insufficiency of the Bible as a revelation. If God is ever . struck square in thV face, it. is when men sit at a table/ put their hands ' oh the table, and praotically say, "Come, you- spirits' of the departed, and, make a. revelation in "regard/to the /future : world which the Bible has .hot made. > Come, /father ; come, mother ; come, . companion in. life; ;' my ; oliildren, come ; /tell me something about that future world' which the Bible is not able .to tell'me." Although the Bible says he that adds a word to it shall be found a liar, ; men are all the. time/getting these revolutions, or trying to get them, from the next world. ; You will either, my brother, jhv sistcr-you will either have to give .up/the/BibloJor give" up spiritualism. I thihkwo'hayecometo the 'time -spoken of. by, the apostle; when he'' says, " In the latter tiraes ' somev flhall -dopart -from the faith, giving ' heed - to seducing - spirits.". And I- think nover so much. as now the words of. my toxt need to bo rung in all the ohurohes Tliere , shall/ ' not.- be found among you < any - consulter with familiar spirits. .or 'X/wizard,vdr a neoronmncor. For -all .that do' .these W things,, are an abomina/ tio'n unto ; the/ Lord." I- invite : you ; to a Christian , seanoe— not . a .midnight but ..a noonday seance/ This .whole .'church is the family. Here is/the table. Put the Bible on tho table./' Th'eji let us put our hands pn the Biblo ahd'listen if we can - catch a voice from the, next world. The answer conies : u The scoret things belong unto the Loi-d our God ; but thosa things' whicli are revealed belong to, us and to "our children/for/ ever." . That is a voice from the' next world. ; Before you quit the Christian; seance'I Xvunt you to promise teat you; wUrtruflt in'the/Word of God as/it is iintil the light of the' eternal/ world, flashes upon us. "5/ ../.:/ Do . Tiot sit at' a - worldly seance either iu fun or in earnest/ Have your tables so well made/that they will;/ not tip; If the table ' must' move,' haverit /moved under-, tho offices bf 'industrious house- Wifery/ ..Let your children 'there/- aro ho ghosts except those/ . that ...walk' on two. ;or / four feet— human or bestial. Do hot go to get somebody to teU/ your fortune/ ' TeU . your own fortuiie by putting your trust in. God aud doing your/best./.I will tell \ vbu your , for--, tune, All tbing8. worIf together for good for them that love God.'V . Do not insult your departed friends/by asking tbera to come into/ a dark closet to cut up capors, or crawl under the extension table. Remember there is 'only one Spirit you- have/a right to invoke, and that is the grand , the glorious, the august, the holy, 1 the omnipotentSpiritofGod, now moving upon your soul/- Grieve Him uot.away. .- The Voice dropping through tho roof, coming in at. the window; filling nil the. room froni door to dour aud from floor to ceiling, with tender and over- mastering intonation Raying, " My Spirit- shall "not always strive." -/'Accopt Jesus as your personal Saviour, and the follies of spiritualism and the eccentricities of cranks just outside the lunutio asylum will have 110. charms for you. Once saved by faith; you cau sing : , " Now.none but Christ can satisfy, ;No other'nume for me." '- / . 