Aboriginal Superstition. By At the annual converaaziohe of the Scieuce H- Club of Melbourne University, one of the bes fn features of the progtatnme was a lecturetle de- H' livered by Professor Spencer on the various forms H of inagic practised by the Australian aboriginals || particularly those of the Northern Territory. 1 Let nobody hereafter accuse the blacks of lack- it ing imagination, or that form of imaginaiim W- which implies a capacity for self deception and III for being humbugged by others. Professor Spencer, who spoke from the personally acquired 3) experience of dh expert, explained that deaths M among the natives from the supposed influence iff exerted through evil charms were remarkably | ' common. Men who could survive from injuries ii or wounds that would be certaiulv fatal to anv 11 white person gave up the ghost .by sheer force nft of conviction that they must do so — that tlieie 111 was no escape for them. 'When under such gl delusions,' said the lecturer, 'they have. the El power of simply lying down and dying.' They g recovered readily enough, however, if persuaded n that the evil influence which had entered their jl dodies was either counteracted or withdrawn. Bj amongst so much superstition, it is obvious that B the 'iriedicine man can make easy conquests and H this was testified to by the professor with many 8 curious and amusing details: It seemed clear 8 that the fully qualified native doctor is iniicli B more of a humbug tlian a victim of superstition 8 himself. Jugglery with pebbles and ludicrous 8 mesmeric gyrations are the regular means used fl to impress hiB gullible patients. The dicipiine which lie has to undergo successfully in ord.er tc get ltis diploma is quite terrible in its severity including numerous laceratious of iender parts of the anatomy, and these, no doubt, help to make a 'hard case' of him. Various other illus trations of good and had m8gic were shown. There are charms to cure as well as to kill, and others with special virtues, sueh as to make the whiskers grow and to assert the conjugal autlf orily of the male. A native husband need never be henpecked, It seems. A charm is available for securing practically instant obedience on Ibe part of the wife. 