SQUIBS BY DEMOCRITUS JUNIOR. ORIGINAL POETRY. SHUT UP MILTON! McCarthy is a party which Yer don't meet ivery day, He's frisky, hale and hearty, Free and aisy in his way. You'd hardly call him scrupulous In point of rhythm rest, But what's that on the Darling in The back-blocks far back west? He's alright when you know him, but Sometimes his lines git mixed. You don't expect a poet too Particular? Wot nixt! He's the bis can write the poem, A pal as you can trust, An alright man's McCarthy, but You want to know him "fust." Tho old boys of Wilcannia, Pike and his staff of clerks, Thought they could stage a play, you know, Confound their funny larks! But sure, we know, they all got mixed, And couldn't take their cue; They sent for Mac McCarthy, and By gobs! Mac put them through!! McCarthy is a party as Yer don't meet ivery day. He's frisky, hale and hearty, but Don't take in all yer say. 'Twas Mac who played the lawyer, hey! To grass with Leor and Downs!! 'Twas Mac who saved the colors of £100,000!!! The question most folks are asking lately is this: Who struck Buckley? Now, there's another I want answered: Who is Milton? I was always under the impression he was a chap—a bit of a humorist, by the way—who lived about the time of Cromwell, and consequently knew something about the garden of Eden, and having there, or somewhere about, rendered valuable services was finally promoted to serve under Captain Cook in his voyage to Australia, where he further distinguished himself and estab- lished a world-wide celebrity by showing the natives how to capture kangaroos in the Kangaroo Valley, near the town of Milton, which now bears his illustrous name. If so, then Milton must have been dead and buried long ago. Then why does he come stalking along the banks of the Darling like a rhyming ghost disturb- ing the wits of us modern poets? He had his day, and should leave us alone. There's myself, Mac and the old woman —three of us already. Why if it keeps on like this, between "live poets" and dead sheep the river will be alive wid us; besides, the blessed art of poesy will become so common that it will be abso- lutely divested of every blade of dignity. Well, I don't know what Mac thinks about it, but as for the third member of the trio, I know she feels much the same as myself. It's a bloomin' 'shame.' That's her way of putting it. Now, look here Milton, your lines are as crooked as the dimpled, sun-kissed forelock on the right hand wing of McCarthy's ideal Annie Lauirre. I can't guarantee the spelling of this word, and I haven't the Grazier by me, but I just remember Mac rhymes it with "flowery," therefore it may be "Annie Lowery." At all events, that's getting away from the subject. What I want to say plainly and simply is this: Milton shut your mag! Verb. sap. From yours faithfully, Democritus Junior. 