THE BAY OF REST. THE QUiET THINGS THAT ENDURE. BY E. CEiriITH-JONES, B.A. " Wba*. I tell you in darkness, that speak yo in light; and what ye hear in t he ear, that preach ye upon the housetops.ilatt. x. "J7. Our Lord here lays before His disciples, as part of their training for the apostleship, the programme of service and experience which lies before them. The outlook sketched for them in '.his striking discourse is not very inviting, but it was necessary that they should know exactly what was in front of them, and He told them in plain and unmistukeable terms. There is a pathetic contrast between that little band of men and the great task to which they are being callcd. Viewed from the outside, they arc but a timorous and obscure company, with no special qualifications for the proc-laiiiauo-.i of a world - wide message. Truly t lie^ treasure is in earthen vessels. But their Master is full of encouragement as well as warning. They are to be bold and steadfast, and faithful; thc-u the message they have to deliver wi!i surely win its way. The whisper will some day swell into a world-wide thunder; the secret told in the darkness will become a universal and abiding possession. "Ifear not men, therefore, for there is nothing covered that shall not be revealed, and hid that shall not be known. What I tell you in darkness, that speak ye in light; and what ye hear in the ear, that preach ye upon the housetops." So much for the immediate context of these words. I witd: to take the idea they embody as the 6eal and justification of the Christian puipit. It is to be the place where the message told in darkness is to l>e proclaimed in the light, it- is to be the voice of the neglected but potent voices of the spiritual world; the advocate of those influences, and motives, and truths that shape and regenerate life from the inside; which work in gloom and obscurity. but are at the root of every fair growth, every upward movement. It is the institution through whieh that betrer part of life, which is ignored and trampled on, and scoffed at by the world, is to be vindicated and enthroned. It is the witness of the eternal in the world of time; of the divine in a society where tbe divine is too often forgotten in the devilish; of redemption and of heaven in the midst of sin and worldliness. There is no other human institution which has this for its proper function. Its work can therefore never be superseded, can never grow out of date. Let me speak to you specially of these quiet, unobtrusive, gentle, but rc^al things of Jesus Christ, that begin in silence and darkness, but at last emerge into the day, and whieh finally shall rule the universe. first, let us dwell a few moments on the fact that- "all great and vital forces beain their action in silence and secrecy." In looking out on the order ot ICature we are struck with two classes of forces. There are the energies of tumult and there are those of quiet and peace. The earthquake, the storm, the thunder, the grind ing and dashing of the tide ou the roeky shore, the roar of fire, the crasn of the avalanche--these stand for the tust. And then for the other, we may Lake the silent energies of the light; the vast tension of gravitation, which keeps the si ars in their courses without] a sound; the leaven of life, which surges through Nature without noise or friction. In contrasting these two lands of force, we may say broadly that the silent forces of Nature are her constructive and vital forces; the forces that proc.aim themsalyes in loud tumults and frictions are the forces of conflict and destruction. So long as Ksture is in equilibrium of movement, there is no sound to mar the perfect peace of her activity; when that equilibrium is disturbed she is filled with grinding shocks and tumultuous throes till the balance is reslcred. Did we not know this we might think otherwise, for what appeal to our attention mainly are the forces of distur bance. The storm startles ar.d alarms, but the light-falls from heaven, it broadens into daj. and dies into the night without a murmur or a sigh. The tiower and the oak tree grow from seed and acorn without calling attention to their expansion; n-> man 3"et- heard the voice of the spring except in a figure, though in a few weeks it changes the whole face of the earth. Coi.trast the vexations and intermittent nrises of a great eitv with the quiet and effectual operations that go on in the earth in the period of her growth and fruitfulr.css, and you will find in instructive parable of the way in which God works in peace and quietness, because He has all His forces under perfect control, while man wastes half his energy in frictions because he lacks even self-control. The country is quiet; its blessed silence is only hir.ken by song, for God is there; the town is filled with clatter and tumult, because mac is there. And yet, were it not for the countiy, the town would soon cease to be. In human life and social life the same fact is to be observed. The great forces of progress take their rise in the secret places, and are born unnoticed in hours of darkness. There are people who live so much in the visible and tbe vocal that they forget that their true "life is chiefly out of sight. The engine- room of a great factory is the quietest room in the place, though it sets all the noisy machinery in motion, and the springs of hurnhn conduct are mainly out of sight and hearing, not only of others, but even of ourselves. You can give only a part of your reasons for anytlung that you do; the rest can only be guessed at even by your own closest act of scrutiny. Philosophers are giv'ngt more and more room in their systems for the great area of sub- consciousness that underlies the conscious life of man, and the profoundest students of human nature are those who make most allowance for this. Influences from outside, and from above, 6ink silently like seeds into the soil of character; presently they bring forth blade and leaf, and we see them in their results; but iu their working they often give no sign. In the rush and bustle of life we forget or do not know this;, it is only in the hour when we retire to think and meditate aud pray that it becomes diiuly known to us. It is a sa-.uta.ry moment for every man when he has faced and learnt this lesson effectually. He will be stirred to watch himself with a more apprehensive eye, and to pray with greater fervour, when he has realized that there is so much going on in his heart at which he can only dimly guess; and he will say more devoutly than he could have done before, "Who can discern his errors? Cleanse Thou me from secret faults." But let us keep to our conscious life, and we have but to consider a moment to realize that the silent, modest, gentle foicts of life are the most "otent. In every man's life there is the outward part which he passes in the bustle and rush of buf-iness, in which he gives utterance to his surface thoughts and pians. fcut to get at the motive forces of his career we must go within, we must get at emotions and impulses, influences and desires, that possibly he never hints at in his conversation with others, and does not al,yaja always formulate cvcu even to'biuiselfT ^now"th^"and"vou U have C the to his character and history: ignore then: and you are outside the possibility of acquaintance with the real man. Ta].;t a wider sweep into national lif* We hear in the newspapers of the shock of parties, the swaymg to and fro of opinions, the wrestling of contending politicians for place and power: and we might thiLk that political lite is like a vast cauldro:> of eels, each trying to get its head above its fellows. We read of murders and criues, of lawsuits and tiials, of all kinds 0f disturbances and catastrophes, .of wars and massacres. And out of these contemporary records presently wise men will Te;vo what is called a history of the times Hirtory? The real history of anv people ca:i never be written in this wav." History jc the record of work, not of destruction: of progress, not of tnat which hinders and returns it: and the root of great moven;cutt lies not in the kind of stuff that fills our newspapers, but in the unrecorded part of life, m peaceful industries, in happy srcial relationships, in home affections, in the growth of knowledge, and art, and lfcials, and religious faith.' It is those that go to the making of any nation; but they re ( atis "" subt'e, and so even in thei'r development, that thev can ce measured cnh yl long intervals by the happy ripenir.fr of their results. r. le " ow to F° t ' ,at re!i f r ion is , the gathering together into Kirm ar.d substance and power of all these quiet and divine forces that make for tine life, with ? view of giving them "their rightful place in our thoughts and affections.- Jesus • ame to reveal, vindicate, and enthrone these great and ncglected facts, ^eu forget God.in whom they live and move and have their heme, .lesus tame and spoke sweet and mi forget able things to His little company of God and life and immortality, and sent them forth into the world to make His message known. ^Icn forget righteousness aud pcacc and jov in the Holy Ghost. He came and discoursed gracious parables about, these gentle ministries and truths. Men forget pity and kindness, unselfishness and compassion in the passion of wild excitements and grinding competitions. He came ami unfolded the rk-h possibilities hidden in simple emotions, simple aims, simple but sublime heroisms. Men forget about reformation at:d forgiveness and renewal in their frequent failures, and in their too ready despair at. their failure, lie came to show forth the star of hope that hangs in the murkiest sky, and the glimmer of dawn which hovers on the edge of the blackest night. He spoke His message softly, and His voice was not raised is the streets; on the hillside, wayside, lakeside He gathered and wove the meshes of those blessed parables which are as baskets of silver for apples of gold. And then He sent forth His disciples to give utterance and emphasis to these quiet truths that lie at the roots of life, human and divine; to speak in the hgbt what they had learnt with Him in the darkness, to -proclaim from the housetops what thev had heard from Him in the ear. T|-.i& is the perpetual function of relicrion, and those who teach it, in the pulpit and elsewhere. \\\ e live in a world so full of tumult and controversy and wrestling -chat it is needful to be continually reminded of the existence and essential importance of these divine factors of life and chaiacter. Thousands do lorget them; they live for the moment for material tangible ends- that loom large at the time only to varisb like smoke when life comes to an end. Thousands laugh at them; they scoff at. Churches and chape.s priests and evangelists, sermons and psalms, and yet if thev pauseel and considered their own life, surely thev would see that it is only in so far a< they have some flashes and remnants left in their lives of the things which these institutions and offices exist to vindicate thai they are kept from utter decay and de: elation. And there are those who are so absorbed in the struggles and fierce bfttles of the worlds restless affairs that tl-c\ never give a moment to these other realities that live in the heart of their lives, though often so far from their thougnts. ' But these ouiet things of God are the things that endure." They outave dynasties and nations, rise fresh and jouthful fiom the graves of the institutions and movements to which tbey give rise, and Sren1.lv renew their life m the ashes of burnt out- theories, dpgmas '- lurries wared to give them immortality. The Gt'f-pel of the truth and grace of God is the onlv thing that lias a real earthly immortality. Here is a little poem that 1 cut out of a newspaper during the last election:— Testernieht, whe'e tbe smoke was thick, I sit silent and heard the brawl «• Chamberlain," " Morley," " prconrt, Till I crew we&rv; and sick of a'l. Went ont to watch the darkening even. Sought the touch of the airs of H«aven. out, Half a mile on, a sadden song, Mounting above in a girl's sweet Bream, Broncht me to pause, and I caught tne words, •• Victorv, Victory, over Death, From a little Chapp.l so deep in green. The psalm was heard ere the place was seen. These be things that last, I taid. Shadows we are that shadows pursue, Trinraph and weep oyer vanities, Strut nnd fret and make much ado— Verily, Christ, as He did say, Is with two or three wbo meet to pray- So while the people sang and prayed: These be the things that endure, I said. Yes; "these be the things that endure." A hundred years hence it will count for little which party is in power to-day; the great will of God will be worked out through and in 6pite of both. The brilliant perorations and passionate personalities of our leaders, which we read so eagerly morning by morning—or think we do—what will thev matter a year hence? But the Parable of the Leaven, and the Prodigal Son, and the great story of the cross and of Him who died thereon—these will matter; and they will matter more and more as the centuries roll on. WTiether you will make your fortune or not will not matter to you verv much—or at all— in that still aud quiet hour when you will be lyi^g near the dark portal, and you will have to leave all you can see and hear and handle; but you will crave for some words of the blessed Book that lies now so quietly on the shelf, perhaps out of sifrht, out of mind: aud you will grasp at its promises of pardon and acceptance as you now grasp at other things. I have stood beside many deathbeds,' but have never found man or woman then in a mood to prize the thousand interests and ambitions that occupied their thoughts from day to day; but in the stillness and the darkness _ they have strained ears and hearts to listen to the quiet words and saving message of Jesus. 