MI.N'I.VG COMPANIES. These seems a grbwing disinclina tion on the part of the publio to invest their 4money in new 'com- panies of any kind, more especially those formed for the purpose of working auriferoua country. The reason is not far to seek. The inves tor, to use a colloquialism, is required to 'go it blind ; beyond the alluring statements of the prospectus he can not get, as a,n impenetrable veil grows up between him and the plain truth of things. The power and the know ledge remains with the directors and the office, and the common shareholder must fall back on faith and devoutly trust all is well. Now the public has grown tired of this. Past years have shown many mining booms in tin, and silver, and gold, which have dazzled the ejes of men like the flight of a rocket, and, like the rocket, have fallen black and burnt out to the ground. Wild cat ventures have flooded the market. The public, rushing to quaff the golden stream, found the bitterness of aloes. And now their nerve is broken, their spirit of speculation killed, and mining leases of undoubted promise must remain neglected. There is no encouragement offered to the pros pector, and so at the present timo throughout New South Wales the mining industry is languishing. * » * The brokers, with so much power in their hands, are a good deal to blame for the present state of things. It is the old story of killing the goose with the golden eggs. The fees :for brokerage, legal work, and flotation generally total up enormously, so that the called-up capital, after this first bleeding, is but a ghost indeed, and the working capital so small that calls are necessary from the jump. The mine is seldom given a fair chance. Besides this, about one-half of the shares frequently go to the original owners — and of these the brokers and the influential provisional board do not fail to claim a portion. Then begins the wearying time, during whifeh machinery is found more expensive than first calculated, the opening up of the mine more difficult, and all along the shareholders must pay calls, knowing little of the busi ness, and being totally in the dark, feeling muclilike men throwing money into a bottomless well. Stray reports of a delicious vaguen.ess reach the papers from time to time from tho manager ; with these they must fain be content, although the assurance that the lode continues strong in slate walls conveys little idea of prosperity on the top of a call of sixpence. Tho whole business is of that hole in the corner kind, intelligible to the esoteric only — and the esoterio are not the public. ? « # The directors are more often honest men, and loso their money with the majority of tho shareholders. Bat thpe is always a desire to save one's own skin. Some private Tord creates temptation. The director is only human, and endeavors to escape the crash. Again, if the mine should really bo a good thing there is a desire to gain a larger interest as cheaply as possible, and it is a matter of history that more than one good claim has not ceased to make calls until most of the shares have passed into the hands of the directorate and their friends. The modus operandi is simply. Expensive machinery is ordered and put up tardily. Low level tunnels are driven at great expense before a ton of ore is raised. Some mistake is made in the calcula tion of motive power that takes time and money to rectify. Then an unsatisfactory crushing goes through. The disgusted shareholders flood the market with their shares, which are bought at low quotations. After this comes a lull, then of a sudden the mine begins fco crush richly and regu larly and some fortunes are made. Everybody cries : ' Who'd ha' thought it,' and to do them justice the direc torate sejem to share the general sur prise. The wheel of fortune has turned. The spectators are not to know that it has been stopped by a cunning knee. » # # Until there is moro candour and a greater facility for proper enquiries, the mining industry threatens to stand still. In th8 face of so much failure, such a mound of unsatis factory balance-sheets, the public are naturally in no humor to invest, pre ferring, if their taste inclines to mining, to travel to far lands, 'where the gold i'b yet on the surface, and dig it with their own hands. Klon dyke blazes like a meteor through tho night, and our best miners are. rolling their blueys to step out on the long trail. Ill for the country if we lose them. But 'whilst there is such greed in the city the public have no money to invest to keep them here. We want our companies to let in a little more daylight on their doings, let all have a fair run for their money, and then, perhaps, our gold output will, aB of yo^e, attract the eyes of the world. 