THE SEVENTH MAN» Or, Tho Supernatural Adventure of Six Arctic Castaways [BY-A. T. QTJILLER COUCH.3 (Concluded from Saturday.) IiONG Ede crouched on the frozen ridge of the *' hut, with his feet iii the sleeping-bag, hit /. knees drawn up and the two guns laid aeróse them. The creature, whatever its name, that ? had tried the door was nowhere to bo seen but he decidod to wait a few minutes on the .?- chance of a shot ; that is, untiljtlio cold should .drive him below. For the moment the clear tingling air was doing him good. The truth was Long Ede had begun to be afraid of him- self, and the way his mind had been running ?for the last forty-eight hours upon green fields . and visions of spring. As he put it to hinj -self, something inside his head was melting. Biblical text, chattered within him like run- ning brooks, and as they fleeted he could almost smell the blown meadow scent, 'Take .ti« the foxes, the little foxes . . for our . .vines have tender grapas. . . . A foun- tain of gardens, a well of living waters, and .a stream from Lebanon. . . . Awake, O north wind, and come, thou south * . ? blow upon my garden, that the' spices thereof .may flore out.' He was light- headed, and he "Icnewit. Ho must hold out. They were all go- ing mad ;were in fact, three parts mazed , al- ready, all except tho Gaffer. -: And the Gaffer :" relied on. him as his right-hand man.-?> One glimpse of the returning sun-a glimpse only ?. - might :save them'yet. V He gazed out over the frozen hills, and northward'across the ice peak.v A few streaks \- of " pale violet-the ghost of. the aurora. " fronted the moon. He could see for miles. .-Bear or fox, no living creature was in sight. BUD who could tell what might do hiding be \- hind any one of a thousand hummocks ? He ?i listened. He heard tim slow grinding of the \- ice paok off the beach ; only that. ' Take us the foxes, the little foxes-' This would never do. He mast climb, down and walk briskly, or return to the hut. May- be there was a bear after all,'behind one of ' tho hliroraocks, and a, shot, or the chance of ? one would scatter his head, clear of these tom ? -fooling notions.-?:- He ' would' have a search round. ' . > ,??:>:. .What: was. that .moving.on. a hummock, : not 500 yards away He leaned forward at gaze. ' . Nothing now.; but he had seen- something. , ' Bo lowered himself to tho eaves by the north corner, and from the'eaves to the drift piled . ? therei. : The.drift was = frozen solid,'.hut for a . ;? treacherous crust of fresh snow. His foot slipped ': upon - this,'; and down he slid of a -heap.v' Y--. IX"'---<\V:' Luckily 'he had been' careful to sling the . guns tightly at his back. ' He picked himself up, and unstrapping one, took a step into the . !bright ' moonlight to examine the nipples; " took two steps, and stood stock still. . : . There, before bim on the frozen coat of snow . i. was a footprint. Nb ; two, three, four-many 'footprints j prints of a naked human foot ; .. right foot, left foot,' both naked, and.blood.in each print-a little smear. ??? It bad come, then. He was'mad for cor* tain. Ho Baw them ; he put his finger in , them ; touched the frozen blood. . The snow before the door was trodden thick with them -some going, some returning. ? : 'The latch . . . lifted .' . . .' .'.Suddenly he recalled the figuro he hud seen ". moving upon the hummock, and with a groan he turned and gave chase. Ob, he was mad . for certain. Ho ran like a madman - floundering, slipping, plunging in his clumsy . mocassins. ' Take us. the foxes, the little foxes. . . .. My beloved put in his band by the hole of the door, and my bowels we.-o moved for him. ... I charge you, O daughters of Jerusalem . . I charge you I .".. . I oh arce . . .' -'H'- ran-.'tbuB for :300 yards, maybe,, and ' then 'stopped as suddenly as he had started. . ; >;His\mate's^they must not see these foot . prints or they would go mad, too-mad as ' ne. . ; No, he must cover them up, all within ''sight of the hut, and to-morrow ho would " come alone and cover those farther afield. ..'. Slowly he retraced^his steps. The footprints " --those which pointed towards the hut and ';.'those which pointed away from it-lay close together j and he knelt before each, breaking fresh snow over the hollows and carefully hiding the blood. And now a great happi '.' ness ¿lied his heart, interrupted once or twice as ho worked by a feeling that someone was following and watching him. Once he /turned northward and gazed making a teles* cope, of his hands. He Baw nothing and fell : again to his long task. i" The Snipe stretched himself, yawned, and awoke. It was 7 in . the morning ; time to prepare a cup of tea He tossed an armful of logs on the fire, and the noise awoke the Gaffer, who at once inquired for Long Ede. He had not returned. 'Go you np to the roof. The lad miiBt bo frozen."' The Snipe climbed the ladder, pushed open the trap, and came back, reporting that Long Ede was nowhere to be seen. The old man slipped a jumper over his suits of clothing- already three deep-reached for a gun, and moved to, the door. ' Take a cup of something warm to fortify,' the Snipe advised. ' The kettle won't be five minutes boiling.' But the Gaffer pushed up the heavy bolts and dragged the door open. ' Losh me ! Here, bear a hand, lads !' Long Ede lay prone before the threshold, 1 his outstretched bands almost touching it, his moccasins already covered out of sight by the powdery snow, which ran and trickled incessantly-trickled between his long, dis- hevelled locks, and over the back of his gloves, and ran in a thin stream past the . .Gaffer's feet. They carried bim in and laid bira on a \- heap of skins by the fire. They forced rum between his clenched teeth, and beat his bands and feet, and kneaded and rubbed him. A sigh fluttered on his lips ; some- thing between a sigh and a smile, half seen, > half heard. His eyes opened, and they saw that it was really a'smile. . 'Wot cheer, mate? It was the Snipe who asked. /. ' ' I-I seen-.' Tho voice broke off, but he was smiling still. What had he seen ? , Not the san, sorely ! . . By the Gaffer's reckoning thc sun .would not ' bo due for. a weqk,.or.(two yet ; ,how/many weeks he could not say preoisoly, and some times he wu glad enough that hs did nob know. They forced him to . drink a couple of spoonfuls of rum, and wrapped him np warmly. Every man gave some o£ his own bedding;. Then the Gaffer called to morning .prayers, and the three sound men dropped on their knees with him. Now, whether by reason of. their joy at Long Ede's recovery, or because the old man was in splendid voice, they felt their hearts uplifted that morning with a cheerfulness they bad not known foe months. Long Ede lay and listened dreamily while the passion of tho Gaffer's thanksgiving shook the hut. His gaze wandered over their bowed forms " the Gaffer, David Faed, Dan Cooney, the Snipe, and-George Lash m an in his bunk, of course-and me." But, then, who was the seventh ? He began to count. ' There's myself-Lashman, in his bunk--David Faed-the Gaffer, the Snipe, Dan Cooney. One, two, three, four-well, but'that mad» seven, Then, who was the seventh ? Was , it George who had crawled ont of bed and » was kneeling there Î Decidedly there were [ five kneeling. No ; there was George, plain enough, in his berth, and not able to move. Then, who was the stranger ? Wrong again; there was no stranger. He knew all these men-they were his mates. Was it-Bill ? No, Bill was dead and buried ; none pf. these wás Bill, or like Bill. Try again-one) two, .three, four, five-and ns t wo siok rrien-se von. The Gaffer, David Faed, Dan, Cooney,-^-have counted Dan twice 1 No, that's Dan yonder to the right,'and only one of him. Five men kneeling and two on their >. backs ; that makes seven every titr e. . Dear God suppose-' ; .;l'??>?? ? The Gafier ceased, and in tho! act of rising i from his knees, caught sight of Long Ede's ! face. ' While the others fetched their break- fast cans he stepped over and bent and whis pèred : » Toll me.-1 Ye've seen what?' v . 'SeenV LongEdeechoed. . . 'Ay, seen what 1 Speak low--was it in the sunt' ' Tho s-But this time the echo died on his lips'and his face'grew full of awe uncomprehending. It frightened the. Gaffer, ' Ye'll be the better of a snatch of sleep,' said, he, and. was: turning to go, when Long Ede stirred a hand under : tho edge of his rugs. ' : «Seven-count,'.he whispered.. ' Lord have mercy upon us I'-tho Gaffer . muttered to his beard.; as'Jie': moved away. 4 Long Ede gone crazed.'; . . . .r - And yet, though an. hour or two ago thia ; was the worst that could have befallen, tho Gaffer felt unusually cheerful. Äs; for the ; .others, they were like different' men "all, that ; day and through the three days that followed. . Even. Lash mah .ceased tb' complain, and, unless ttyèir eyes played them a'" trick, had taken a .turn for the better., f l declare, if J. : don't,feel like pitching':, to sing 1' ¿the Snips» announced on tho second evening, as much to his own wonder as tojtheirs. :','Then'why inTthunder; don't :yoti, strike up ?';answeredl Dan Cooney, and fetched hts concertina. Tha : Snipe struck; up then and. there, '.Villikins [ and His Dinah.' . What is more, the Gaffer looked tip from "his .,' Paradise . Lost '. andi * 'joined in the chorus. ; ^ . By/the; end- pf ; the second', day Long Eda was'up and.about, again..... He. went- about; with a dazed look in his eyes, always count- ing tb himself, always counting. The Gaffer, watched him furtively. :; ' Since his recovery, though his lips , moved frequently, Long Edo had scarcely uttered av word. Bub toward noon on tho fourth day he said an extraordinary thing. ; 1 There's that sleeping-bag I took with mo the other night. I wonder rf 'tis on tho 'roof still. It will be froze pretty stiff by. this. Yon might nip up and . see, Snipe,1 and-he paused-'if you find it, stow it up ?yonder on Bill's hammock.' ??? <? \- The Gaffer opened his mouth, but shut ifc again without speaking. The Snipe went up> 'the ladder.. ' . , \- - A minute passed and then they heard r* .. ? cry from the roof-a cry that ' fetched then» all, : trembling, choking, weeping,. ? cheering, to the foot of tho ladder. . -,¡: ' Boys ! boys1-tho sun.', . .\ . : : Months later-it was June, and even.' George Lashmar! had recovered, his- strength \--the Snipe came running with ?. news: of tho whaling fleet. And on the beach, as they watched the vessels come to anchor, Long; Ede told the Gaffer his. story. ' It was a hall -hulla-what d'ye call it, I reckon. I was crazed, eh V The Gaffer's eyes wandered f rora a brambling hopping about the lichen-covered boulders and away to the sea fowl wheeling; above the ships, and then came into<his mind a tale.he had read once in the ' Turkish Spy/ . I1; wouldn't say just that,' he answered slowly. ' Any way, * said Long Ede,'I be- lieve the Lord sent a miracle to us to save.u» 'all.'''. I wouldn't say just that, either,' tho Gaffer .objected. 'I doubt it was meant jusfi for'you and me, and the rest were presairved, as you say, inceedontly.' ; .. :. :.: ;.:. (THE END.) 