FIOTION "" BETWEEN TWO WORLDS. cnArTF.K i. A row. spall of ill-health and the worry of certain busmen affair had reduced me to ft condition Of menial and phvsieal prostration. 1 bad grown so miserably dyspeptic and itri- (able, and suffered se mnoh from insomnia, i nnu >u manner os consequent nervous aoer- I rations, that wy own lean, tmd "my dootoPs j warnlnph, prevailed iipon me to take arest and tty ft ohftngc of scene and soond. 1 omanoipHted mvselt from the cares of bus;- nesj., and escapod from the caged snarling of the city to the joyous, free roar of the sea. I I wa« in no humor to enjoy the amenities; I of a seaside boarding house,' and was glad, I through the kindlj- offices of a friend, to | eeenre two rooms In a quaint old cottage J which stood by itself oft the road that runt aoovr tne oiiirt from tiriguton to Rotting- dean. The old danto. my landlady, was an evoellent cook ; I had books with ma. and painting materiftls. for I wv. fond of reading and dftbblfng in art ; and all my enrroand- Ing were a pleasant and a placid at the meet exacting invalid could desire. The profound quietude of the place soothed ; me as a cool hand soothes a fevered brow. Tt allaved the haunting unrest that had I troubled Me eo long ; ft seemed, by degrees, I utterly K» absorb me. I forgot the city and ft II my aniietieft, and drifted there immersed In ft vftgna, dreftinfnl ease, wjihoat energy to core or think any more, either of the past or ) the fulnre. Then, alowfy, T began to reeovor. Slowh- j the love of life began to nMnrn to me. and within six weeks 1 w,a co" far mvself acain I that 1 could take long walks wiibctu fatigue, and, discontinuing my invalid habit of going early to bed, would frequently a|i np over a Pipe and a book for a good hour after my ho»te» hen "retired for the night. Sitting up thus One Saturday, a vety "re- markahlrcxpeyienerliappcned to me. OtiNlde, a« I Imew, iht night "tras hleak and overcast ; hut within, my liulc room was oheetyMllh the fire and the lamp light, and I : lay snuglv back in a low. chlnte-coTred arm ' chair, with my slippered loot 'in theMnder, I was no'tataii with the book I was rending, and cvetyfhint about me w«> silent, ihat (he sudden lall of a cinder from Ihe grate i sent a startled thrill tingling through anil ! through ino, and ahuosi at the same moment (here sonmlefl a hurried, roamed vanning on the door of the house. Before 1 eottld rise the summon was re- poated, There Was no knocker on the door, and (he rowping wa soft and tremulous, as of a child's filter, yet made itself audible with a strange distinctness. 1 crossed the room and flung the door open. In the -dark square of the doorwav rose the figure ol a man. outlined Indistinctly HMniwl the Mack Iwekgroumi, but with x face of such ghastly whiteness tliMt it gleamed fwun the night clear cm In evvtv feature, and a plainly visible »s If It hwl j been hro«d day— a young mau hud slightly I hunt. Tt was apparent, from hK agitation ' anil extreme pallor, that he was In dirt dis tress?; but, is if he had been struken speech- Tot with terror, though bis Jirs Uioved I oo voire Jwufd fcom iiag ' 1 1 enulil not roinpfohcml Mm, he wrimn Ms ! IiudiIm, ami pniutlni: with Ihuitio g<'»tiirc« j iitioln n« If ho wonhl have too follow him. I I am too uniniiM;l<mtivo in he u emv od ; I nttohhift siiinothlng ol his oinKemoul. I 1 nlepperl tu'iiwi tli" tliU'itltoM ami glaiirKil lu j Iho iMreotlon ho liolloalod, I I could make oul tllml' llin eurve nf the grey loud, (hvmijth Iho mrfw, hut tm- living I erenltire wnn niiywhnro illHtlngulshiihle, and J no nol«»«» lm»ko Iho eflonon omv« llm long I surita of (he ouluoinu lido at (he 1mm of tho ellftM. 1 tniiK'il to i|U04ilnn ui.v vldlor, hut ho wan gone, I waw alone, Tho ehlH air placed nte to the bono, nml slilvrrlng, lens with oot.l limn with it quick frottay nf fenr, I drew Imok Into lite hoiii-o and olo'od the door. I The enlm. fitiuillnr aspect of my room helped me tn eotnpone myself, and ttty nlntm I imliHldiim, I wan aide to toviow wlml had 1 happened with a teliotml hhm, ami wiih IijouhIiI lo iho Inevitable eoimlnMiou thai my ttenllll had HtilYeted a nerhntK tehipso -ln a word, that 1 had hron the victim of an odd hnlluohmthm.n sort of optical Illusion, attch a I had imtTcred from rather frequently tho later periods of my reeont illness, though never brfore hod thoy been no ntarlilngly reallstie. Uelng too unhinged to settle down again I (o my hook, I went up«((tlm to bed. Hut I tlirougliout that awful night 1 lay nwukc, I that white, ai pealing face growing and I fading and growing upon mo from the dark- I ties every tltno I opened my eyes, and when 1 closed them the weird pattering on the door below echoing persistently In I my ears. I My the light nf neat day the whole event | sncmrd so ridiculously unreal that I made I uo mention of it to anyimdy. Kor my own j eatiidaeiion 1 did, a a mailer of fact, walk I out along the road hi the direction Indicated I hy my eintmlav visitor, hut 1 oamo upon I nothing that unsettled mv faith in the I nathoh-gleal Inlctpivlation 1 I oul given to the ( (uoident. CHAHT.M II. I A few weeks after my return to Tiondon 1 1 was Invited to spend an evening with some I friends at Mayswater, and, starting from the city with a fitil two hours to spare, I decided I to make file jeuvnry ah>U, I \r« fivlhui' mvlkiMiiOiluOiiii, I my Brighton ex)vricnce, when, crossing a I busy tboronghfire in the West End, I was I seised with ft sensation of fright and sickness, j iwtd the face 1 remcmbcrcvl so well flashed I suddenly ttnon my sight, j I stood uar.cd ana bcwllderc»\ ; then, as 1 I regalnrslmyself control, the miracle explained j itself. Crowing the road, 1 had stepped on to I the pavement exactly opposite a photrapher's I shop, and there, occupying a central position I under an electric lamp in the window, was a I life-sized presentment of the head and shonl- I ders of the man who had hanntcsl me these I many weeks nasi. 1 recognised him instantly ; every charac- j teritic ot that face had been minutely im« I pressM npon n\y memory, and wa here as I minutely reproduced. The exactness of it I staggered me with instant conviction, and I seemed to render the r.veryday theories with I whioh I had accounted for the apparition 1 absolutely Untenable. I Without conscious violation — almost, as if 1 some nn«een inflnoncc outride myseli had led I me there— t. found I had entered the shop, and was fronting an urbane assistant across j the counter. Rising to the emergency, I proffered a few j compliment on the picture exhibited, and he I became communicative. The povtvAit was an j enlargement on an improved nvineiple of their I own device. Yes. it w« undonhtedly An ex- j oellent likeness. Xo. they knew pvacUoally j nothing of the sitter : it was the first time the gentleman had ever been to them, Andhehad I been uncommonly pleased with the result. I " 1 should think so." said 1, " Tt is perfect," I "The gentleman is a friend of yours, sir?" I 1 replied that he was. and inonired whether I they had a copy of the smaller port fait which j they could sell tome. He was M-first dubious, j but, yielding to flattery and delicate per- J suasion, referred to a number on the haesc of I the enlargement, nnd 'fetched from a nest of I shallow drawers a t-mall packet, whioh proved to eontain the oripinal nopative and two un mounted print. 2 selected one of these, and, whilst he wrnnptug it up for mo, turned the packet over ana read with pretended in difference the name nud address prescribed on I ; "Within 00 minutes of qnitting the shop 1 l had made mv way to that address. "Mv. CyrilRodnev, sir ?" said ihe elderlv female who answered my knock. "He don't live here now," "Where can I find Mm — do yon know ? " "T don't. ir." She went on to intimate that he had left her suddenly, and without notice; that, in deed, between her and mo. he was wonted on a oriminal ohaTgo. btit neither the police nor anybody else could discover a traccof him. t asked ffcore T might find any of his rela- I tivea. "He ain't got none. But," she SAid, con-; fidentially, " he was engaged to a young lady name Arn»n, as liv«x> with hermothnr close hy here. They cohldn'i tell yon no more than T ha\o, though." Xevortheless. T went en to Mrs. Arran's. She was at home, and aloneinxheRmall front parlor into whleh 2 was conducted. T opened the Intervirw hv producing thr photograph and inquiring whether the recog nised It. T saa- that she did. i -ion arc acqnamieo wan .nr. Koftney v I ".1 waa," she frigidly corrected tne. "tiant you me what has become of him?" j "T cannot," I Foreseeing that if T was to -elicit any in. formation from her I must myseli plat the first card in the game of confidences, 2 told her frankly by what mysterious tre-ln of eirenmstances 2 had been drawn npen the trail of the missing man. he heard ma with increasing amaiement and when 2 had concluded, "2 cannot understand,' she faltered. "Tt I Seems impossible that " i "Rut it is not itnjwsiblo,"" I Interrupted I emphatieaRy. T have never seen Mr, Rodney, 1 and till to-day never e\fn heard his name ' Yet In the way 1 have explained, 2 ani perreoty Tammar wnft nt anpearance. Wlmt 1 1 have told yon 1 h simple, una\uggented j fact, epd 1 want you tohelpme (oget at some J explanation of it, T have no object beyond that, T give voh my word, 2 "have nrvov j believed in suen thlngaoa ghosts, hut—" | She was satisfied of my sincerity, and as I keonTy interested in the mystery mat baffled I jne as T whs myself. I " T do not evon know that Mr. Rodncv is ( dead." began, " The truth is we had known htm many yearn, and hb was engaged ho n\y daughter," T So'nT. and she continued "It is trt»e, a that woman told yon, he was 'charged with forgety 'and cmbeuvlement ; hut, for my pa., 1 eouTd nem belirre him guilty, nor could Marie, oven though he him self confessed to it " Coming to details, she explained that some two month previously Rodney had gone awav for a week's holiday. rte went to tiriguton." she "Tie nrmnged to come h.-vk by an early train on j Sunday morning » ud dine with nv' that day, j Tie never c»tne. A friend of hts --tlicy were iwth in the sumr onice--Mr.Twcy, called on the Monday i reninc and saw roe prlvntelv. He Imfi reoeiveft ux. "xtmordlnary letter from C\uni-- ibe police ha\T it pow, but T made a otv before they took it," >he wentoitt of ihe room and returned with her copy. "Ttear Tnrcy." ltrr«n, "2 Teave-tbis nlacr (O-nicht. anft T hone to be out o: Enalantl be. fore te-morrew. Evetybor win know why in a nay or two. T have played the fool m ih» Ofiioc-oi itiic usonev difileuliicj. j hi'h"l tnvwlf. Kelt mini 1 should he nhln to put tliinq > Hliiilghl before I wiik found out, hut liinl I eim'L pim-lhly <1» it. Thoy are li' hi i,1 to ilUeuver overythiug In a day or two, mid I ihireo't luro It, Oood-hyc, old man, iUim't exji, el to aco any tuoro of tne. Break It to ,Mnrie, H'h awful lo think of never sec- Inu Iht iigiiln. Ank tier lo forgivo tne, thnugh T don't doHono It, Oood-hye.— Kvor yours, " CvntT ltonNKY." " This wan noRted from Brighton ?" " On that Hiiuday night— yea. Thoro was (he Hrlghton (KNtiuark on the onvolopo," Kut (her, a eoinparlNou of dales allowed that (he Saturday night on wlilch Uint letter was wiitteii and thoiHatuidny night on whioh tho nppaiitltiu had first iippo/ired to mo tiro iden- tleal. " And what was Iho forgery?" " Well, it seems he obtained arcoHH to tho eheque honk and tore out two forms at the I Of it. l!o filled in one for illOO and tho other for i'lHtl, ami forged Ida firm's signa ture to both. There iro somo fiO clerks in tho nllh e, and at (he hank they could not roni/un- Imr who had cashed thorn. Tho uolico holieve he Imd a confederate. . . . IIo nniRthavo done it, ( suppose ; there ccoms uo douht of It, And yet 1 enn't think it of him." If this was all, tho ouo oluo 1 Imd atumhlcd upon had led mo deeper into tho mystery, hut Mir. Avran culled lior dnughtor, andj "do- laying my departure, ! war repeating my in credible narrntivn to her when tho Horvant announced a visitor. "Mr. Duroy I" ejaculated Mrs. Arran. I an o glad he haa come. —I should like him to see you. Ho was i,o fond, of poor tlyvil, and has boon se very kind to us sinco— Mr. Dnrcycamo in with a brisk, buoyant step and a graceful inclination of his neat figure. He was a tall, good-looking man, with cut led hair, n military moustache, and a mincing, dandified manner. Passing mo without notice, he shook hands with Mrs, Arran, and more fervently with her daughter. " I'liifi is fortunate. You are rather earlier than wo expected, Mr. Darcy," said tho mother ; adding, ns «ho directed his attention to me : " This gentleman has called to " He wlnvlcd round with Ihe politest ot smiles, but the moment hi glance rested on mo a spasm of ghastly terror struck across his features. He put his hand out Mindly N.,.1 ...1,11.1 , .1.1 ........ .1. . ,.L1. 1# . - V nu,i v-uuput mvuu upun uiu inuic 08 II 10 tsWU himself from tailing. Every vestige of color faded from bis lips, nnd a deaf and deathlike expression froze hotrihly on his face. I stared at hint aghast, too astounded for the moment either to speak or more. "Mr. Dare,y! What is it?" cried Mrs. Arran. " What is the matter ?" lie turned his white face towards her ns a blind man turns towards a sound. His whole fonn was haking ns with at Ague, and \vav- ing into sudden collapse, he dropped to the ground and lav senseless. We were thrown into such confusion that I cannot clearly lxvall what immediately fol lowed. I hclicvc ft doctor was sent for. I knew we laid him on the couch end applied some sort of rotvirntire, and before the doc tor arrived- -after the lapse of some 10 min utes. marhe— the rigidity of his muscles re- laxe-i. He sighed onoo or twice, and avned his eyes. feeing me, he started Again, and shuddered. Se h.rnsl knew we were strangers to each other ; yel he seamed to shrink in fear of me. VrecMly, patting a strong control upon him- self, he said, in strained, hoarse whispers ; "£e! "You have me. Well— thank Heaven it i over," — - Ate thought he was delirious. I did, at all events. " T knew you would find mo," he wont on, an awful excitement struggling r.p through his weakness, " If you had been much longer 2 should hare given myself up. Yon Imow how it all happened?" He looked tm at me, and the abruptness of his query fairly took my breath away. On the impulse of the moment, thinking it better to hnmor him, 1 cave him the ronlv he evi- dently expected. " Yea." he crooped. "Yon know I did it. It's all up with me. Rot 2 was driven to it — 1 waamad. Fd got into aierribledlfBculty, and thoocht if he was to suddenly disappear they would naturally blame him instead of me, And then.'Towerlng his voice, " I thought that pome day she might forget him—" He panned, fnmhling ahaentiy In hip waistcoat pocket, and went oh with a touch of reckless ness. " I "knew his haunts at Brighton, TYe had often been there together. 1 want down that Saturday afternoon, and he was delighted to see mec I told him I was seedy, and had simply come on a Saturday to Monday trip. "l proposed a "walk to RottingdcMi. " we didn't hnny onrsolvee-hRd supper thore. and it was after 20 when we starred to walk back. We passed yonr cottage— he 'noticed the light in the window. We left the road, and walked on the grass by tho cliff edge and stopped, and stood trying to main out a light at some distance over the pea. "He looked round casually— it was pitch dark— no lights anywhere but the one across the water and the one in your window— and seared me by saving with a laugh. "What an Ideal place for a murder, Darcv! jV gcod ahriok would just ahom reach thnt cottage and give them fits' ' " His words frightened mc, and at the same : timehroughi all the deril in me uppermost, 2 hnd a loaded tiok with me. He was look- ing nwKV from me at your cottage, and one Mow RtrueVhim down— T caught his Arm as he fell, and sent him sheer over the side of the Miff," We sat dumb with horror and incredulity. «"« »u.n in whop Kny sonno," ne went on hastily "yet ovor and over since then I've dreamt Rbont it and done it again, and each time he has shriokod— 1 cant got it out ot my ear— and you havehcardhim, and come from that accursed cottages and chased me and hud me down, struggling like a wild beast— until 2 woke recking with perspiration, and found 1 had been dreaming. Still, if T could see vouv face so dearly you could see mint ; and 1 always kuew H was more than a dream— I always knew yon were looking lor me, and would hunt me down— especially since one night, when I couldn't sleep, -he osipe And loaned ovor me, tun you with him. and ho pointed and seemed to say to you. »This i thetnan !' " 'B«t hlsletmr?" gasped Mrs, Arran. " A forgeiy — easier than the other two I put on on mm. j tooc tne letter 'town ready ad dressed to myself, and posted It at Brighton." M'hile he was «pc.k»ng2re canicd somcthine Trem his pocket to his lip, and I was eon- scions nf a thin, sickly odour tainting the ah-. " There ! 1 was prepared for yon— vou sec,'' He tossed a small, empty, via! from him with an ironical chuckle. "Bend for the police es soon ns you like"; 1 shall have gone before thqy come." 