INTERCOLONIAL TELEGRAMS. [From Melbourne Papers.] VICTORIA. AVOCA, August 28. Local wines sent by Mr. E. Mackereth to London have been very successful in that market, and the following letter has been received by him from his client:—" I am pleased to say the wine is giving satisfac- tion to my customers and many award it great praise. I am ready for the next shipment as this lot is virtually sold, and I do not care how soon the next arrives. Keep on shipping until you get my cable "Stop." Mr. Mackereth has done a lot for the wine industry in this district, assisted by the Government expert, Signor Bragato, and he has now a large acreage under vines. BALLARAT, August 26. Messrs. Jas. Stirling, Government Geo- logist, Professor Mica Smith, T. H. Lawn, and John Sharpe, members of the Mines Ventilating Board, to-day, at the claim of the New Speedwell Co., Ballarat East, inspected a system of ventilation by Messrs. Gray and Worrall. The invention is described as an air ejector, and it is claimed for it that it produces a natural circulation in a simple and easy manner. There are no wheel cranks or fans to get out of order, and the cost of wear and tear is therefore reduced to a minimum. As the bad air is drawn out of the mine, good air replaces it, and a proper circulation is secured. The ejector is working at the claim named, at a depth of 600ft., with 8in. pipes, and it has been found to be effective at a depth of 1,040ft. Before Messrs. Gray and Worrall's scheme was tried, the air was very bad, but the venti- lation is now all that can be desired. August 27. The Rev. J. A. Soper, of the Baptist Church, Dawson-street, was the victim of a serious cycling misadventure yesterday afternoon. The clergyman went out on his bicycle to visit a Mr. Hawker, one of his parishioners, who lives several miles from the city, in the neighbourhood of the water reserves, and the accident occurred imme- diately after he had left the house on the return journey. The road led down a hill and across a creek, the latter spanned by a narrow bridge, and it would appear that on reaching it at a high rate of speed the wheels of the machine skidded, precipitat- ing the reverend gentleman into the creek. Happily the mishap was observed by some children, who brought Mr. Hawker to the scene in time to save the visitor's life. Mr. Soper was lying unconscious in the water, his head alone being visible. As soon as his rescue had been effected Dr. Pinnock was summoned, and under his care the sufferer was brought into town in the ambulance. He remained in an unconscious condition throughout the night suffering from concussion of the brain, but is now reported to be out of danger. BENDIGO, August 27. On Thursday a miner, named M. Sanders, was walking from the new gold- field, Yankee Creek, when he discovered the skeleton of a man. This was removed to Huntly, and an inquest was opened. Dr. Long stated that the remains were those of a man 40 or 50 years old, and had been lying in the bush close upon two years. There was a fracture of the skull, extending through the right temporal bone, and inside the skull, against the fracture, there was a mass of congealed matter. Owing to the long time that had elapsed since the man's death, he could not confi- dently state its cause. He recommended that the body be sent to Melbourne for examination by an expert. The acting Coroner decided to carry out the doctor's suggestion, and adjourned the inquest. The fractured skull points to murder, but up to the present the police have made no discoveries. Over 1cwt. of gold was produced by the Garden Gully United mine during the past week, the cleaning up to-day giving 1,643oz. from 350 loads, the largest return yet obtained from the new reef. The last five weekly returns have aggregated 5,978oz. from 1,405 loads, cakes of 1,190oz., 800oz., 1,097oz., 1,248oz., and 1,643oz. being sent in. From these a sum of £18,434 7s. has been paid in dividends, and from to-day's gold a further sum of £6,700 (4s. per share) was carried forward towards the fortnightly distribution next Saturday. August 29. The proceedings taken by the young men of the neighbourhood have probably effec- tually "laid" the Bayne-street ghost, as on Sunday night the masquerader was fired at by a party searching for him, and, leav- ing his ghostly mantle, escaped over a fence and disappeared. Shortly after 8 o'clock some youths, armed with a double-barrelled, gun, stationed themselves at the corner of Bayne-street and Stewart-street, and had not been waiting long when piercing screams were heard from the corner of the next street. The young men ran to the spot, and found a girl frantic and trembling with fright. She could only utter, "The ghost, the ghost," and swooned away. Turning the corner the lads saw a figure in white moving slowly along the footpath, under the shade of the street trees. One of them fired at it, and without a sound the figure jumped a neighbouring fence, and made off into the garden. The ghostly mantle was dropped in the flight, and when picked up was found to consist of half a dozen yards of white muslin. As it bore shot marks it is more than probable that the "ghost" was struck by some of the pellets, though he gave no sign. The whole neighbourhood was aroused in a very short time, but though search was made till midnight nothing more was seen of the author of the scare. ECHUCA, August 29. On Saturday a swagman named Charles Lovell was admitted to the Echuca Hos- pital, suffering from a general break-up and exposure. On Saturday evening he died. On being admitted he told the matron that he had no money but 2s. and some odd pence, which he handed to her. On his death, in his swag was found a savings bank book showing that he had £117 in the Moama office. A deposit receipt for £780 on the defunct Anglo-Australian Bank was also found. He was a comparative stranger in the district. 