A MOREE GHOST STORY. 2O Years Ago. The following story (the particulars of which, as gathered for production in the Examiner's New Year special edition) is vouched for by several old and respected residents of the town. Indeed, any old inhabitant will doubt less verify the occurrence of its main circumstances — though but one person (who is also at present in Moree) has made any declaration as to having seen the ghost of the subject of this story. ♦ * * It was sometime early in the spring of 1877. A girl (aged about 16 years), whose relatives still reside in the dis trict, was washing clothes at the river, near Binne'guy. Her mother had occasion to go to Binneguy and the girl thus happened to be left alone at her work. The mother's errand was to purchase some requisites in the way of household goods, from Mr. A. M'tntosh, who just at that time had his waggon at Binneguy station, and upon her return the daughter could nowhere he found. After reasonable search had been made along the banks of the river considerable maternal alarm was naturally created and the strange disappearance was promptly re ported to neighbours and others. On the same day a settler, who was living about 14 miles away from Binneguy, was coming into Mr. G. Broughton's on some ordinary business and (according to his declaration which he repeats to this day) when he was on the roadway about 2 1\2 miles from Broughton's he saw a girl, whose appearance it sub sequently transpired corresponded identically with that of the missing girl. Her hack was towards him, and be could not see her face as she walked up the opposite side of the river ; but when she reached the bank the observer (who had then no reason to think he was looking at an apparition) noticed particularly that a number of cattle became affected and made a stampede. This wild r. ? . the cattle was subse quently confirmed by a female witness who resided near by, but who saw nothing of the apparition which is supposed to have caused the alarm. This happened fully 5 miles from the spot at which the girl had been left washing, and the ghost witness declares that he knew nothing as to the girl being missing till he arrived at Broughton's, 2 1/2 miles further on than the place where what he relates happened. He then learnt of the girl's disappearance and by the circumstances saw that by no possibility could the girl have had time to be where the alleged vision appeared — fully 5 miles away in an opposite direction. He told what he had seen to the mother and his description of the ghost's clothing was identical with what the girl was wearing when temporarily left at the river by her mother. Search parties were soon at work and the country around was well scoured, but to no avail. Next morning however, the dead body of the missing girl was found in the river, about half a mile further down than where she had been washing. Owing to the state of the river at the time and other reasons it was impossible that the body could have floated down from where the so called apparition was seen ; hence the foundation for the ghost story was further strengthened. Marks of violence' were found on the body, the neck looking as if severe strangulation had taken place. * * From the foregoing and other circum stances it was assumed at the time, that the girl was brutally ravished and strangled and then that the murderer threw the body of his victim into the river. Anyhow, the mystery was never satisfactorily solved, and the theory put forth, including the ghost story, has \- gained general acceptation. Severe fighting has occurred in the Soudan between the native levies at Eassalla and dervishes, there being Jjeavy losses on both sides. 