OUR SERIAL STORY. THE BORDERS OF ANOTHER WORLD. Br EOBERT BUCHANAN (Author of "God and the Ha«," "The Shadow of the Sword," etc.). [Ail BIGHTS RESERVED.] CHAPTEE L "As the scaffold crashed under my feet, as tbe knot crushed my throat, and a great sharp agony blotted out the bubbling life within me, I heard a roar- ing as of a tumultuous ocean covering and submerging me; the moment after " # # * * # Having read thus far, Redbrook paused somewhat pale; and, simul- taneously, the bells of the neighbouring church rang out in jubilation-for it was Christmas morning He looked up, listening. " Peace on earth, good will to men!" rang out the bells. If he heard them at all, it was only as if in a dream ; his thoughts "were evidently far away. ??. The light crept in through the window of the room,' and shone full upon his powerful features, with their eyeballs somewhat sunken in cavernous sockets. A hard, weatherbeaten face* yet with flying gleams of humour round the edges of the lips. Handsome, too, and still young ; though the hair and beard showed straggling gleams of grey. "With an impatient gesture, he passed his hand over his eyes, and then, bending over the manuscript, read on. It was a rough scrawl, so wildly written as to be exceedingly difficult to read ; but, clearly, it possessed some unusual interest. As he read, he seemed to be held in fasci- nation. He read on to the end ; ? and then, turning back to the beginning, read on t© the end again. ..." Peace on earth, good will to men !" rang the bells. The skeleton of a marmoset, standing on the mantelpiece side by side with the skeleton of a human fotus preserved in spirits of wine, seemed to be gravely regarding itself in the mirror. All round were shelves covered with bottles and phials used in a country doctors dis- pensary. The l'oom,. indeed, was half dispensary-or surgery-and half study, for in one corner was a small well-filled bookcase. A bright fire burned in the grate. Outside, the snow was thickly falling. Redbrook sat at his bureau, facing the window. Prom that position he could see the gloomy walls of Fordmouth Prison, looming darkly through the fallr ing flakes Nervously, almost impatiently, he threw the manuscript down, rose, and began pacing up and down the chamber. " It is a strange business !" he reflected. " What is most strange of all, is the nian's transformation ! His tale, such as it is, one may easily refer to diseased cerebration, caused foy the horrible shock of that frightful experience ; it is not so easy to understand the Budden cessation of the devilish instinct within him." He raised the manuscript again, and lead *' The moment after !" * * * # # "Peace on earth, good will to men!" rang out the hells. Glancing sidelong towards the window, he saw a slight dark figure moving silently through the , snow ip the direction of the prison, and recognised the Rev. Charles Shadwell, the prison chaplain,>a pale, spare, clean- shaven man, more resembling a priest of the Roman church than an English, clergyman:' Qüietíy/tiwiftly, with head erect, Shadwell * moved through the/ whiteness of the storm. .' . " Confound the fellow !" muttered Redbrook. " He haunts the place like a ghost, with as keen a scent for human, misery as a vulture has for carrion ! I wonder what he has to say to this night- mare f" As he spoke the chaplain approached the prison gates, and vanished within them. . " This will never do !" cried the doctor, looking at his watch. "I must be off upon my rounds, and see if a little sunshine and fresh oxygen will put my nerves in oi'der. I feel as super- stitious as an old woman." ^So. saying, : he/-locked the manuscript itt his bureai^ara^ walking out into the lobby, put on ^svgíeát-coat, hat, and gloves, and ppe^eä^e 'street door As he did so he.«fo^nd,!|n^é'lf face to face with one of ' the jwàj^rs'from the prison, who saluted him ih n^itaiy fashion, and said- . . ,,;{";.? ...... i.., " Yoii are wanted . at once* doctor: . - . . Somethiaagrjwroug again in the condemned cell:" eid*p'.?»'<? 