A CAMP FIRE STORY. [By V. P. Fossati.] It is curious to note how often the most trivial incidents and common-place occurences will awaken, quicken iuio life as it were, scenes and experiences appertaining to some early and iiali'-.'orgolten epoch oi our lives. It was but tne other day that whilst leisurely taking a sti'oli on the beach iuy attention was attracted by suine bright object giistening in the sand before me. 1 st-oopi=d, picked it up, and found it to he a large buckle, to which was attaciicd a strap. Jo all appearances it seemed to have been designed and used as a waistband, probably me property of some horse's trainer or jockey, a ciass of people who 1 knew frequently exercised their horses on that portion ot the beach. The find was small, and the strap a common one, but yet it strangely moved me, for it brought/ back to my memoiy the recollection <oi days long since vanished, and particularly ol an event which subsequently ended as sadly as it was amusing at the time. Many years ago, whilst still in pursuit of " colonial experience, ' 1 was one ot a party oi drovers travelling with a mob of Queensland cattile. We were but iu the second week oi our journey, and the cattle were still exceedingly turbulent-, and taxing all our vigiience and care to keep them together and prevent thier breaking camp at night, a pracUice particularly in iavour with those animals, aud ot which they availed themselves with astonishing alacrity at every possible opportunity, it is the custom to surround the leaguered herd at night with bright burning beacons, ranged, say a dozen or so yards from, one another, which tlie patroiiiiig stockman on his round replenishes. However, notwithstanding this precaution every man excepting the cook has to be in constant readiness for any emergency, and the horses also are kept saddisd. One night, and it was a particularly unpleasant one, at least from a drover's poniti o; view, we were camped in the midst of a clearing in a large and lather dense forest, 'ihe sky was draped in black clouds, which like so many phantoms passed and repassed beneath the gaze of a yet youth! ul . moon, who occasionally sent her pale beams through tiie branches of the iorcst trees, illuminating ti!ie scene in a weird aud spectral way. The wind was howling, and the timber ached and groaned beneath the fury of the blast. The cattle, too, not inconsiderably enhanced the effect of the hour by melancholy and long-drawn bellowings, which blended in perfect) unison with' the howling tempest. It was about 11 o'clock when I, glad that my watch was over, approached our camp, which was situated a little way in the forest, and grouped around its fire I beheld uiy companions smoking, chatting, and drinking tea. Two were playing euchre, whilst another—"Long Jack" was prepaiing to resume the duty which I' had so lately quitted. As he tightened the girth of his saddle he muttered something about "a dog's life," whilst he good-naturedly parried our rallies on his unenviable prospect of a two hours' watch iu such a night. With a sonorous laugh at a rather pointed remark of Ned, the head drover, he rode off. and was soon lost to sight in the black shadows around us. The night being stormy, and the cattle unruly, we lingered around the fire a little longer than usual, while Maloney who was the oldest among us, regaled us -with some personal reminiscences of the Franco-Prussian war, for he was an old wamor, and had seen some rare fighting in his time. . He was just telling us of that memorable event where, during a hand-to-hand skirmish, he lost one half of his'ear by an over-zeaious antagonist, who wais, evidently on the look-out for some trophy, when suddenly we were startled by >a shriek, or rather yell, which went through our very marrow, and while we were still looking at one another in sheer amazement there came another and yet another one more terrifying than the preceding one in rapid suc-ession. liy now we were thoroughly alarmed, but knew rot what to do. Then upon our ears ame the .noise of cracking underwood, and he rapid clatter of a galloping horse. Soon afterwards there came Long Jack careering as if all the- Furies were on his trail. Sever shall I forget his terror-stricken cpu'nteiiance, and the unspeakable horror in -his wildly glaring eyes. His hair, not metapliorica'lly, but actually stood on end. Hat he had none, and as he thus sat, for the hoise on reaching camp pulled itself up, in the pale moonshine, which then glimmered through the bushes augmented by the* red glare of our fire, he presented a spectacle so ghastly that it indented itself on my mind with a precision and firmness that' even now, after the lapse of manv years, the whole scene is as fresh and vivid before me as if it were but an imprint of yesterday. We at once surrounded him, and anxiously enquired what was the matter. One, more sagacious than the rest, asked liim if he had seen Old Nick. Jack slowly turned his eyes in the direction of the speaker, opened his mouth as if he were going to speak, sighed, aud fell backwards in a .dead swoon. We lifted him off the saddle, and ge/idy rested him on the ground. Maloney, the ex-soldier, more used, perhaps, to such casualties than the rest of us, produced, with a laudable presence of mind, and with no less generosity, a little bottle of whisky from somewhere in his coat, by means of which be soon got the patient round. Ned asked him how fi,.jvas lic had whisky about him, for it is unusual, when the nearest "pub." was a good sixty miles off, for a drover to have spirits in his possession, adding that if he had known of it be would have "borrowed a drop." Upon which Maloney made reply, "Well, you see, Boss, I myself am subject to these "ere fits, that's why I carries it, and whenever I feels dry-like I just take a nip—prevention is better than cure, you know." Meanwhile the whisky did its work, and restored our man to consciousness. His first words were, "Is it gone?" "Gone? Who? What?" were the simultaneous -ounter-queries. "The Ghost," came back' in feeble accents. "What, man! you don't mean to say you .have seen a ghost," the indignant Maloney cried. "Here, give us that whisky," as he saw his late patient helping himself to another nip. Then he burst out laughing, in which we all heartily joined. However, Long Jack did not see anything to laugh at, but stuck to his declaration that he had seen a ghost. Upon the suggestion_ of Ned we decided to go and have a look at the sublunary visitor of the valley of men, the unexpected sight of whom so disturbed our worthv friend, that is, provided he did not think roper to evanesce into the realms whence £ e came without waiting our mass meeting to do him honour. It was with the greatest difficulty, and upon exhaustive persuasion, that we at last prevailed upon our man to conduct us to the scene of his late terror. However, at last he did so, taking, nevertheless, great care not to venture from our midst. We mounted cur horses and soon reached the spot indicated, but no ghost, nor even the shadow of one, presented itself, to us. However, one of us, who was slightly ahead of the rest, suddenly pulled up with a jerk; ejaculating at the same time sotto voce something about "a dam." We were quickly at his side, excepting Long Jack, who, less curious than we, thought best to make with all speed for camp, and to relieve his feelings with an occasional yell as he bounded through the forest. Meanwhile we had followed with our eyes the direction of the extended arm of Mie "alarmist," and there, . gleaming from the black shadows aliead and relieved by something white, we beheld two fiery, luminous eyes, or rather coals, looking at us, making us feel rather creepy for the moment, but not for long. We advanced a few steps, and then a loud chorus of laughter reverberated through the timber. Be fore us was a white- faced bullock, stricken by pleuro, and evidently in his dying agonies, which accounted for the phosphoric light in his eyes. Vve returned to camp in high spirits, thinking it a good joke; but on arriving there no .^ac-k was to Be seen, and, as he did not return after some waiting or answer our "cooees," we thought something must be amiss with him, and so we went out once more in search. After some time we found him dead, with his head fractured- His horse was standing beside Ulm. It appears that in his precipitate flight he must have come in violent contact with some overhanging branch. On an improvised litter we bore him to our camp, Mid in the morning buried him in the shade of the very tree which was instrumental in causing his death. He was mv tent companion, and wore a strap exactly like the one I found on the beach. Peace rest his soul. 