GHOSTS. THE simultaneous appearance of Mr Frank Podmore's 'Studies in 'Psy- chical Re- search" (Kee- gan Paul) and of Mr Stead's "Real Ghost Stories' (Grant Richards) will not be exactly hailed with de- light by the lovers of a quiet life. These 'faits divers' of the other world seem superfluous to those who find that they have, more than enough to think about in this one. The best way to preserve a quiet mind is to leave the two books— if not exactly the two champions— to fight it out between themselves. Still, it will be hard to resist the temptation to look on, though the by- stander who does that may soon find himself with his coat off, and in the fray. There is no con- scious antagonism between the two books. Mr Podmore may be ignorant of Mr Stead's existence, for any evidence of that fact in his book. The latent antagonism has in the fact that the one represents scientific inquiry, and the other the thing to be inquired about. Mr Stead's is a kind of every day book about ghosts, with every wraith as it flits across the scene, set down for what it is worth. Mr Podmore's is the Psychical Research Society as far as it has gone. Here are, on the writer's own responsibility, the investigations and conclusions of these thief catchers of the spirit world, from their foundation as a society to our day. They confess that they do not always catch the thief. Mr Stead's olla podrida of anecdote is, therefore, less trying to the nerves than Mr Pod- more's frequent assertion of the fruitless search for imposture. Mr Podmore or his friends have gone into everything as inquirers— spiritualism, theosophy, thought transference, telepathy, ghosts, haunted houses, secondary consciousness; and, here he is at last, with hands uplift in wonder over Mrs Piper. Mrs Piper is at present left sit- ting, and her exploits imply another volume. This lady is a clairvoyant of Boston, U.S.A., and what she does not see is hardly worth seeing. The detective agency on her track is represented by a Harvard professor, and others, yet she goes on seeing, in spite of them. They have actually had her shadowed by real detectives, but she bears the test. She continues to tell her clients of lost rugs and lost waistcoats, of letters received, and of the character of the writers, to her personally un- known. She told M. Paul Bourget all about a friend who had given him a small travelling clock, which he carried with him to the sitting. The friend, she said, was an artist, and he had commit- ted suicide in a fit of temporary insanity. It was so. Yet how could she know? Mr Podmore ad- mits that the ordinary sitting with her is but a few lucky shots, with much apparently disingenuous shuffling and fishing for information. But her trance utterances, at their best, constitute the difficulty for this sceptic! She had what he evi- dently regards as a triumphant sitting with an Englishman who had just arrived in America on a hurried visit of business. He had friends in Boston, some of whom had had sittings with Mrs Piper, but his wife and children, of whom Mrs Piper freely discoursed, had never been in the United States. Had the friends never seen them, or had the Englishman never talked of them to the friends? Her sitter was startled to find that she knew of 'trouble' as the motive of his journey. Probably everybody in his American circle had the same knowledge, inasmuch as he was in financial diffi- culties, and had come over to see what the Ameri- can lawyers could do to help him out of them. She described his late mother, his wife, his club-footed son. Her best shot was an 'Uncle John' of whose existence, for the moment, he was utterly oblivious, but who turned out to be the man who married one of his aunts. Her worst shot was, perhaps: 'Why! you are a funny fellow — you are covered with paint from head to foot. Your mother says it is too bad.' He had been much interested, it seems, in painting the walls of a room in the house of his American friend. That friend, it will be re- membered, was one of Mrs Piper's clients. There was, in fact, scarcely a single thing in this narra- tion that the Englishman might not have commu- nicated in friendly converse to his American friends, and that the medium might not, uncon- sciously on their part, have obtained from them in the same way. This is the grand objection— -the clairvoyants are, as a rule, excessively trivial. They have a beggarly account of Uncle Johns, of cheques, watches, and the colour of the wall paper, when they should be telling us of great transactions. If they knew how to strike the imagination of nations, they might convert us by nations. A few test cases that none could resist would suffice. Not one of them throughout the world, and their name is legion, saw the wreck off Socotra, at a mo- ment when a timely word would have saved many lives, and much of the anguish of the survivors. If a single one had been so blessed in vision, it would have established the reputation of the whole fraternity. Mr Stead, to be fair, says that such a blessing was vouchsafed in the case of the Strath- more. The Strathmore was an emigrant ship out- ward bound from the Clyde. A man whose son was on board one night saw the ship foundering, and saw that his son, with some others, had es- caped safely to a desert island. He wrote to the owners, but his information was scouted. Then, as the ship became overdue, outward bound ves- sels were ordered to touch at the island, and the first that touched found the shipwrecked people. Is this well established? Will it stand every test? If it is, most of us would ask for no more. But the Psychical Research Society ought to sit on the subject, day and night, for a twelvemonth. It is nothing, as it stands, as a paragraph in a book of anecdote. So many stories are told. One seer professed to have indicated the place in the Arctic regions where the remains of Sir John Franklin lay. He had seen it with the mind's eye. It is believed that his communications had much to do with the persistence with which lady Franklin re- turned again and again to the project of a search expedition. The seer could never get away from the subject. He drew plans of the scene of the wreck, and generally claimed the credit of the successful search expedition. Dr Rae, who con- ducted it, always scouted the notion, and he would have made a terrible witness for the prosecution before the Psychical Research Society. But for him no doubt, this would have been another case in the books. Yet in regard to another branch of the subject, Mr Stead is able to say 'that of all the vulgar superstition of the half-educated none dies harder than the absurd delusion that there are no such things as ghosts.'— 'Daily -News.'' A Musical Mousetrap.-Mice are fond of music, and this fact induced an American machinist to construct a trap with a musical-box attachment. The music attracts the mice, and to get nearer to the harmonious tones they wander into the trap and are caught alive, five or six at a time. 