CHAPTER VIII. Continued. " Did she anticipate news of his death ?" Rigel asked, striving to steady his voice that was surging with suppressed excitement. " No, no ; only that, some trouble, some accident, had happened ; then, poor child, became almost delirious. No wonder ; in a few months more she would have been his wife. He was desperately fond of her, and she of him. Eh ?" " Is she delirious still - I mean, is she better ?"Rigel asked, with some anxiety. " I sent for the doctor, though she begged me not to, and he gave her a sleeping draught." " So now she is unconscious ?" " She was sleeping when I left." " That's a mercy," Rigel muttered. " Yes; for the doctor says some hours of sound sleep may ward off the brain fever that threatens her. Eh ?" " Let us hope she will escape that." " I always hope for the best and strive to be cheerful," replied the major, pathetically. " If only Phillip had lived a few months longer. But I have never been a lucky man, never. If you only knew, dear boy, I have had troubles bitter troubles, though I show a brave heart." And he wiped away a few tears that had dimmed his bright blue eyes. " As for myself," remarked Rigel, gently, " I had no idea I should miss Philip so much." " We never know how much we care for people until they have left us. And I find it hard to realise that he is not with us still. I keep expecting to hear the sound of his footsteps coming from the study, and the ring of his cheery voice welcoming me. And it seems bitter to think how easily he might have escaped this accident. Had he gone home the other way, he would now be living. He of all men ought to have known how dangerous the Devil's Head is on a dark and frosty night, Poor Philip." " When I first saw the place I was struck by its sombre appearance, though I had little thought at the time as to how soon it would be connected with a tragedy," said Rigel. " Not the first of its kind that has happened there either," Major Claypole stated. " Three years ago a young shepherd missed his footing late at night, and was found with his neck broken at the foot of the precipice next morning." " I hadn't hadn't heard that." " You must have the pathway fenced," tbc major suggested. " I shall stop all traffic. across the headland in future," answered Rigel. " And now, dear boy, I must get back to Oriana." " I shall be anxious to hear how she is. I trust there will be no fever ; no cause for anxiety." " I will tell her of your kind inquiries. They will cheer her up, and I will come and see you again soon. Perhaps I can be of some help to you during this trying time," said the major, as he moved away with a pathetic absence of his usual brisk air. Two days later, an inquest was held to inquire into the circumstances of Sir Philip's death. Evidence of identification being taken, Mark Fraser, an under gardener, was the first witness examined. Whilst on the way to the castle grounds, at about seven in the morning, he had discovered Sir Philip's body lying face downwards at the foot of the Devil's Head. The deceased was quite cold. Witness had run to the castle, the nearest residence, where he gave the alarm, and obtained assistance in removing the body. Doctor Finskung, who had been sent for, then described the body as being in a perfectly healthy condition. Death had resulted from a wound two inches deep on the left temple through coming in contact with a sharp stone. In his opinion life had been extinct several hours when tbc body was discovered. On being cross-examined, the doctor declared that such a wound as the one on the deceased's temple was sufficient to cause instant death. The force with which a body falling from a height of several hundred feet would strike a sharp impeding stone would satisfactorily account for so severe a wound. There were no signs or marks of strain or violence on the body, except scratches on the face and hands, which had been produced by briars and bushes. There was no indication of violence having been used, or that the deceased had come to his death by any other means than by accident. Rigel next gave evidence as to the last time he had seen his cousin. They had met in a corridor on the night of Sir Philip's death, and exchanged a few words before each went to his own room. They had not quarrelled at any time, nor had a disagreement ever arisen between them. Rigel had dined alone that evening, and at about ten o'clock had gone to his bedroom. Next morning he had wakened from sleep to hear of his cousin's death. The clear and willing manner in which he gave his evidence, his feeling and grave countenance, greatly impressed the coroner and others in the court. Major Claypole was next called, and told how the deceased had dined at his Cottage on the evening of his demise. They were alone on this occasion as Miss Claypole was ill. Sir Phillip had seemed ito be in his usual healthy state. He had shown no signs of depression, but, on the contrary, had spoken cheerfully of future plans. He had left the cottage about eleven o'clock. Witness had not again seen Sir Philip alive. When he dined at Coetmor Cottage it had been his custom on fine nights to walk home ; the way he usually took being across the Devil's Head, as that was the shortest. Witness considered that on frosty nights the path across the headland was decidedly dangerous. He did not know if this opinion was shared by the deceased. Witness had made a remark to Sir Philip about the darkness of the night, but the latter had replied that he knew every inch of the ground and that the moon would rise before twelve. In reply to a juryman, the major said his daughter had been engaged to marry Sir Philip. The engagement had not been broken off ; on the contrary the date of her marriage would have been fixed the evening the baronet dined with him, had she been well enough to see her fiance. No misunderstanding or estrangement had ever arisen between witness and the deceased. Glyndwyr had last seen his master alive as he stepped into the brougham that drove him to Coetmor Cottage. Sir Phillip had been a considerate master, and never wished his servants to wait up for him. On returning late, it had been his custom to enter by the portal in the western tower, for which he had a latchkey. Witness had gone to bed before eleven, and on his way had heard Mr. Rigel playing the fiddle in his room. It was witness who had woken Mr. Rigel next morning to tell him of the tragedy. In answer to the foreman, Glyndwyr said he had never heard angry or unpleasant words pass between Sir Philip and his cousin. To his knowledge they had never quarrelled, but had always appeared good friends. Sergeant Howls, a sharp- nosed, shrewd-looking man, stated that the body had beeu removed to the castle when he had seen it, a course that should not have been taken until the police had inspected the spot where it was found. He and his fellow officers had immediately examined the place where the deceased had met his death. The brushwood growing on the side of the precipice showed the track taken by the body in its descent. At the bottom of the precipice he had located a sharp stone covered with blood, which he produced, whose point, the doctor subsequently affirmed as corresponding to the indenture in the left temple of the deceased. Sergeant Howes furthermore stated that the summit of the precipice showed no signs of where the deceased had slipped. As rain had begun to full before the examination took place, and the frosty ground had thawed. It was impossible to find traces of a struggle, if such had taken place. In his opinion Sir Philip had slipped on a smooth stone that lay embedded in the ground near the edge of the precipice, and rose a little above the earth. In that way Sir Phillip lost his footing. The last witness called was George Foulshum, a gamekeeper, a brown faced, slightly-built young man with a look of strength in his dark eyes. For generations his people had been farmers on the Tregazkes estate, until, with evil times falling on them they were no longer able to rent their land, so he as the last of their line, had taken service as a gamekeeper, too that he might remain with his parents, whose support he became. George Foulsham stated that on the night Sir Philip met his death he (witness) was in the park. While he was sheltered by some trees about six hundred yards from the Devil's Head, which then lay between him and the castle, he had heard a sharp and sudden cry that at first he had thought was a woman's voice. He waited to hear if it would be repeated, but no second cry was heard. He then concluded the sound had come from some frightened bird. He knew that birds built nests on the side of the precipice. Asked what he now believed, he hesitated, then answered that the cry was so brief and sudden he could not say, but he supposed it was a bird disturbed by Sir Phillip's fall. Witness had gone forward towards the Devil's Head, but had heard nothing more during the night. He had mentioned having heard the unusual cry to another gamekeeper before he was aware of Sir Philip's death. Questions and examinations failed to gain anything more from him. It was the duty of the coroner to sum up. This he did briefly and clearly, pointing out the absence of any evidence to prove that the deceased had come by his death through the instrumentality of others, or by any means save that of accident ; and in agreement with this view the jury without hesitation, returned a verdict of accidental death. And so it happened that within a week from the day on which Sir Phillip Tregazkes had hoped to have the date of his marriage fixed, his mortal remains were laid with the ashes of his ancestors in the dark vaults of Cymner Abbey. Late in the night of the day on which this event took place, Rigel sat alone in the library. He had occupied the same chair since dinner time, neither attempting to read or to write, indeed scarcely stirring, his mind occupied by one dominant thought that shut out all others. The chilliness of the room in which the fire had Iong died out, at last roused him and he rose and walked backwards and forwards, striving to rid himself of the idea that gripped him. By degrees the library seemed to become a prison, an enclosure, he forgetting that it was his own thoughts from which he was trying to escape. ln the hope of temporarily ridding himself of his burden, he left the room, and followed a long narrow passage, to a little hall. Here he put on his coat and cap, and passing through the portal of the western tower came upon a broad plateau that flanked this side of the castle and led to the shrubbery covering steep descent to the valley. The night was cold ; a pale, hazy sky, lit by a late moon, hung over on opal-tinted world—a world of profound silence and perfect peace. Now and then a breeze stirred the dead leaves lying thick around his feet. In the near distance were the terraces, whose white statues peered like ghosts through the gloom ; below stretched the trees, withered and black and stirred by every breath of wind, like guilty souls that trembled with strange fears. Lighting a cigar, he moved siowiy through this melancholy scene, always haunted by his thoughts. A movement to the right brought him in front of two poplar trees, straight and black, streaking the face of the low lying moon. Instantly they recalled a certain memorable night, when he had waited in a garden near Florence where black cypress trees had barred the yellow moon. There was warmth in the air there, and joy in his veins ; a languorous, delirious odour of orange and lemon groves and sweet-scented herbs, had exalted his senses. Why not leave this place, with its oppressive associations, and return to the south, where life might be enjoyed to the full ?" he asked himself. He looked up at the castle, with its darkened windows, its massive towers, its vast size exaggerated in the gloom, its shadow stretching around and beyond him. The place held him in its darkness. As he looked, the clock struck midnight, and a shudder passed through him, for the bell of the clock was the same that had tolled the passing knell for his uncle and his cousin, and its slow tones seemed funereal. He moved hurriedly away, when a sound like following footsteps fell upon his ear. He turned, but saw nothing save a withered leaf blown by the wind. When he walked on once more, he heard the same sound repeated. Again he paused and listened, some sense of terror creeping over him. As he did, the steps sounded more distinctly ; the branches of the shrubbery in front were parted and a man's figure appeared, hesitated, and then advanced to where Sir Rigel stood in breathless surprise. Before he came quite close, Rigel recognised George Foulsham, the gamekeeper, who had given evidence at the inquiry. Rigel stared at him in silence. Foulsham touched his fur cap, and looking fixedly at his master's face, that in the moonlight seemed white and immovable as marble, said : " Beg pardon, Sir Rigel." " Ah, Foulsham, you are looking for poachers. Have the rascals been troublesome of late ?" Rigel said, striving to conceal the dismay he felt at the appearance of this witness at the inquest. " It's not that, Sir Rigel," the gamekeeper replied, a little awkwardly, as he fixed his eyes upon his master's face. " No ?" " I have been waiting for a chance of speaking to you for some days ; and when in the shrubbery and I heard someone moving about, I thought it was likely to be you, so I came up. Hope you'll excuse me, Sir Rigel." The bewilderment and suspense Rigel had felt at first sight of the man deepened at his words. " You want to speak to me ?" he remarked, by way saying something, whilst he strove to control himself. " If you please, Sir Rigel," replied Foulsham, in a grave voice. "What is it ?" Rigel jerked out as he moved closer to him. The gamekeeper hesitated in his answer, whilst a sense of embarrassment increased. " Tell me—tell me," said Rigel, eagerly. Foulsham looked over his shoulder towards the shrubbery and around him, where the black shadows of the castle walls fell upon the terraces, before replying. " If you please, Sir Rigel, I would rather talk to you where there's no chance of what I say being overheard." To Be Continued. 