OUR COUNTRY SERYICE. [From Ode Coe.bdspondenis.1 CASTLEMAINE. Changes.—Mr. F. L. Billinghurst, manager of the National Bank, will be succeeded here by Mr. Doherty, vrho comes from Alexandra. Mr." Edgerton, who leaves the Colonial Bank here "for the branch at Natimuk, was last night pre sented with a valuablo watch and gold locket. He is to be succeeded by Mr. Sheffield. Plating the Ghost.—The ghost nuisance has reached Castlemaine. It is alleged that some individual nightly disports himself around the Camp Reserve. Ladies and children are in consequence afraid to cross the reserve at night time. Stilts are evidently used, as the figure towers something like 7ft. high. A number of young men from the fire brigade were put' to night looking for the uncanny individual and were prepared to give him a great reception ;had they come across him. KCnUCA. Friday. ' The Compensation Court.—To-day the Com pensation Court awarded JohanhaNoble, licensee of the Murray Bridge hotel, the sum of £568 7s 4d, and the owners (executors in the estate of the late Mrs. Noble) £627 19s. This concluded the court, which sat for 29 days, extending from 7th June till this afternoon. The total amount of compensation awarded is £19,367. ELMORE, Friday. Death.—Mrs. Dean, wife of Mr Samuel Dean, of Goornong, died here on Tuesday, morning at the early age of 28, after a short illness. The deceased was a daughter of Mr. P. Murphy, farmer, South Elmore, and was highly, re- spected. The funeral yesterday to the Runny mede Cemetery was largely attended. The Weather.—53 points of rain have fallen since Tuesday, or a total of l'59in. for;the month. Grass is everywhere becuming plen tiful, and the crops are looking healthy. : Rifle Shooting.—Private G, Hawthorne,.of the I Company Mounted Rifles, lverang, is, the highest scorer in the regiment for last year's 'musketry course. His total was 201 points'. • •' Thb Cereal Market.—The quotation; for prime milling wheat yesterday was 2s lOdi per busliel, a drop of 3d in a week. Oats, Algerian, Is to Is 2d ; Tartarian, Is to Is 2d. English barley, 3s 9d to 4s 3d ; Cape, Is 6d to Is 9d. 'GOORNONG, Friday. Presentation.—Miss Elsie Fick, one of the pupil teachers at the local State school, who is leaving for Myrtleford, was the recipient of a handsome morocco dressing case, suitably in scribed, which was presented to her on behalf of tho scholars attending the school by Miss Clara Germainel one of the pupils, in a neat speech. Tho gift was suitably acknowledged. A very pleasant afternoon was afterwards spent by the scholars, their parents and friends. Agricultural.—Fine weather now prevails, and the prospects for the coming season are very bright. » , LAANECOORIE, Friday. A.N. A.—Messrs. Bromficld and C«on, of the Maldon branch, addressed a meeting last.even ing with the object of securing a branch of the A.N.A. in this district. A provisional com mittee, with Mr. G, H. Tupper as secretary, was formed to canvass the district in support of the movement. Mbhting.—A meeting of the sports commit tee was held on Wednesday. The Eddington choir promised to take charge of the musical portion of the service. It was deoided to ask the permission of the Attorney-General to hold an art union. Pigbon Match.—The Eastville Gun Club held ita annual pigeon match on Wednesday. In the Open Handicap, out of 2S competitors, Messrs. W. W&terson; (Baringhup) and H. Davenport (Dunolly) tied for first place and divided the first and second prize money, Messrs. Rumbold, Stevens and Dalton dividing third money. The shooting was only moderate. Canvassing.—Mr. James Allan, who is opposing Cr. Clarkson for the south riding, Marong shire, paid a flying visit here yesterday and was well received. •Thb Weather.—Wet- stormy weather has prevailed during the week with 85 points of rain. Crops and grass are making good pro gress. % MARONG, Friday. Cricket Ball. — The Park View Cricket Club held a ball at the local State school on Wednesday night, and considering the unfavor able weather there was a fair attendance. Mr. J." Greenway acted as M.C., and Messrs. A. Green way and G. Steele supplied the music. The Weather.—Stormy weather prevailed during the early part of the week, but it is: now fine and clear. PYRAMID HILL, Friday. The Weather.—Niae showers have fallen during the week, and 30 points of rain regis tered. The ontlook is now very promising. RAYWOOD, Friday. The Weather and Crops.— Heavy Ehowers have fallen during the week, and the crops are all looking very healthy and strong, whilst the latei sown ones are appearing above ground. ROCHESTER, Friday. Induction.—The Rev. Mr. Vanston, the new incumbent of the Church of England, who has recently arrived here from Yacandandah in succession to the Rev. Mr. Ghent, was for mally inducted lost evening by the Ten. Arch deacon MacCullagh. \- TENNYSON, Tuesday. Weather and Crops.—Splendid rains fell during last week, amounting in all to 1 inch 40 points. The ground is thoroughly saturated and the dams are full. The crops and grass are growing well, and present prospects point to a most successful year. Stock are in good con dition. Fallowing is in full swing. Cricket.—Cricket matches are beiDcr played in the district. Last Saturday the Union easily defeated Diggora by 130 to 42. For winners A; Anderson (CO), D. Anderson (22), W. Woolcock (12), M'Donald (10) were the principal scorors, and L. Ham (14) for Diggora. D. Anderson took,6 wickets for 11 runs. Same day Tenny son easily defeated a weak team from Pirie grove. ' WOODSTOCK WEST, Friday. Agricultural!—The weather has been most seasonable, the absence of severe frosts and the fine and welcome showers being of great benefit to the crops and grass generally. Fallowing is being proceeded with. A large area will be broken this season. 