The Port Macquarie Bunyip. [ CONTRIBUTED. ] So the great Bunyip has appeared in Port Macquarie once again. This animal seems peculiar to that locality and that people, for as long- as I can remember, at various times and at various places in that historical old district, the Bunyip has made its appearance, and wherever it has been seen or heard that particular place has been named ; hence, there is Bunyip Bridge, Bunyip Point, Bunyip Swamp, and Gaul's Bunyip, &c.; The animal is described as being of a very peculiar breed indeed, having the head of a bull, the body of a horse, with a pair of large flippers like a seal, and a horny frill round its neck, like an American frill-necked lizard ; and its roar is like unto many thunderstorms combined in one. This dreadful animal, according to Port Macquarie news, is reported to have made its appearance at the back of the old race-course, and quite a number of people are patrolling in that vicinity with blunderbusses and bludgeons of every description, ready to slay the monster at its first appearance, but so far without success. Well do I remember when a " nipper" in Port, one night while returning home from a fishing excursion, I met a yonng couple with their eyes protruding like a crab's, and as white as Fisher's ghost rushing up the street. Being intimately acquainted with them, and seeing that their feathers were very much ruffled, I asked them what was up ? Oh ! they said, we saw the Bunyip. It appears the young couple had strolled away into the loneliest part of the cemetery near Coolingbung Creek, and seated themselves to talk over love's sweet dream, &c.; They had not been there long before they heard a deep- drawn sight, followed by a loud peculiar noise in the creek below. On looking down they said, they say a " orrid, " " orrid" thing. Its back looked like the bottom of a newly-tarred punt. It had a pair of flimsy wings like a flying-fox, a round head, with eyes as large as dough boys, red and fiery looking. " Come on back," said they , " and we will get a crowd who will go and shoot it," which we did. After securing 8 guns and rifles, &c.;, about twenty of us started off at top speed. We soon reached the spot from which the lovers had so hastily decamped, and then arranging ourselves like true Britishers, we presented arms, but owing to the moon having just set, were unable to see anything, and what with the knocking of knees and the chattering of teeth, we were less able to hear anything. However, above the din of all our excitement we heard a noise and a splash. With hair on end we fired, followed by a roar and another splash, when we immediately ran for our lives homeward, where we remained till daylight. However, after another muster we bravely returned to get the carcase of the Bunyip. We found to our dismay, that instead of shooting Mr. Bunyip, we had shot one of Mrs. Maloney's best cows. From that day to this I have not heard anything of the Bunyip or that episode. 