HOW TO LOSE £250,000. ? o ? AN EARL'S REVFXATTONfi. My first duty in interviewing the fifed, of Rosslyn (writes a representative offha . 'Golden Penny') was to ask his lordship's pardon for being very impertinent. There was no help for it; in the interests -of 'good copy ' certain inquisitive questions '? had to be asked, and Lord Rosslyn very good- huruoredly answered them. He has lately taken to journalism himself, and 50 it is possible that he sympathised with me in mv difficult tjialr- T lrnniv Hint: Jip was kind enough to give me fully and freely all the information for which I asked. I began by suggesting that the public ' would be interested in knowing something of the methods by which vast sums of money can be made to vanish very quickly. 'It's rather a painful cubject,' said Lord Rosslyn slowly, but with a merry twinkle that seemed to belie his words. ' You want to make me out a second Jubilee Juggins, and I don't admit that I am thai. Well, the thing was very simple. Roughly ?' speaking, I suppose the whole amount, in cluding borrowing facilities, would be about a quarter of a million,' 'And — er— the time?' 'About five years— yes, about that. . Where did it go to? Mostly to the ring, . I think. It isn't at all a difficult matter, you know, to get rid of money in that way. You see, I made it a rule to back every horse that I ran. The ring knew that, and therefore they knew that they were bound to win in the long run, but they never would have done so had I not backed other people's horses. Because they knew this they would often lay me a far better price about my own horses than they would to anyone else. I remem ber one occasion, though, on wjiieh niy friends all thought I had 'put them }n . the cart.' I had a horse in a £1,000 race,- ?; ?;;. and the winner was to be sold for £200. , V Well, I didn't think my horse had the; ghost of a chance, and I made up my '? mind that I'd let him run loose, sad be. '- content with the stake only if I wow.. When I went into the ring they all wanted, to bet with me as usual, and when they found that I wasn't backing my own horse- ????-?- they quickly came to the conclusion that' ^ he wasn't worth anything. His price griiv -..-;?: dually got longer and longer, until' just; ;38,,.;j;£ the horses went to the nost a well-Ttriowh -r. ?';??, bookie shouted, .'A) thousand to eighty/ I ? nodded. Another immediately offered the . '?; same odds. I nodded again. ThfeQ * another, and I took him. Well, my hor'sfe sailed in about five lengths in front of the/: rest, and,of course, I won £3,000. They all' thought I had 'worked' that, but of ' ' course I hadn't. It was a pure fluke.' . , ' 'But about the losses?' ' .. '.*.'-;- 'Ah; I had plenty of them. I ctinjSjk. my worst week was when I dropped 'about £18,000 in the week. That was rough. ; You see, I didn't ,happen to have £18,000 ' ? handy just then, .and the money had to be ' found by settling day— the following, Mon- ,-, day — I made it a: rule never to keep thfe ring waiting. Off I went to my old' friend ? (naming a well-known money-lender), and he very kindly pipped it out at 69 per cent, for three, months. That's the way to make money go! You see, it has a habit of renewing itself at the end of the three months, and then you pay another 60 per cent.-^60 per cent, on 60 per cent, isn't bad, is it?' '. 'And which was your lordship's biggest win?' 'I won £15,000 in one rate over my' horse Buccaneer. ? The last time old Buck ? caueer ran in my name he was b'acked by . . me to win about .fifty or sixty thousand liountfs. He canie in fourth, but the race '??.'. flvas such a close 'bhing that at the next stride past the winning post he was— not \- Jthird — but second. A lot of people wanted ;me to put up another jockey in place of ,my own regular jockey, but 1 wouldn't. ifThey suggested that my own jockey would Ifin'd it to his interest to 'pull' my horse. II wouldn't listen to them. I believed my Ijockey had always acted honorably to me, and 1 trusted him. After the race it was jfoiind that ? my horse — Buccaneer— was jjhlind in one eye, the result of a blow, fefhat looked bad, but it was afterwards j|-roved that one of the horses in front of jjiiiu lost a shoe' in the race, and I believe pit was this shoe that had struck my 'ihor.se/' [? Then we changed the conversation, and (the mention of a certain American inter view set Lord Rosslyn talking again. \ 'I know what you refer to, and 1 may Jtell you that the article was not genuine — 6t was, in fact, libellous. The writer made wilt that I was earning my living by danc fing in a ballet skirt. Of course that isn't Jtnie. He was mixing me up with Lord (Yarmouth, who, 1 believe, did dance in a Jballct skirt, but that was in Australia, not in England. The only truthful part about Jjthat article was the part they had copied .from the 'Pall Mall,' but which they had 'jthe impertinence to sign with my name.' f; 'That little Story about going into the tpity to get « clerkship. Was that true?' \\- 'Yes, said Lord .Rosslyn laughingly. /'That's true enough. 1 had to do some thing, and 1 thought I -would try a elerk jBhip, so I went to a place in the crty. I ftiua no idea 'before that it was so difficult uo be S. clerk. They sisked me if I'd had tiny experience, and I said 'Xo.' Then they tsked me if 1 could use a typewriter, and said 'Yes.' 'How many words a minute?' j-tfas the next question. I didn't know liow ^iiiaiiy words a minute I was expected to do, so L said 'Ten.' I find now that I [jouglit to have said, 'A hundred or more.' ll'inally I was told to come again in the morning and :hring my references. But I (didn't bring them, because I hadn't any.' 'May 1 know what were your sensation* when you found for the first time that there Was no more money?' ( 'Well, ray sensations -weren't particu larly pleasant. I'd come up to town, and i I'd got just three-halfpence left. I was jiyery hungry, and I was looking in at the shop window of a confectioner in Mount !etreet. While I was standing there an old J friend of mine, Captain Seymour Fortes cue, came up and took me off to a ehain Ipagne lunch at (he Oafe Ko.ral. I don't think I ever enjoyed a lunch more.' 'I presume that you were not long in 'discovering who had been real friends, and who were Jr.iiigers-on?'' 'You are right. My real friends have been very kind lo me indeed, and have Iwljied me a great deal. The li.tngers-on L.ivo ceased to hang on — that's nil.'' ? 'Wasn't it possible to distinguish be tween the two before?'' i 'You mean when I had money? Cer tainly it was, but then these men who live Tjv hanging on arc often excellent fellows in every other way — splendid company and good sportsmen.' ''Now, with regard io your work as an Hctor, Lord Kosslyn. how did you manage tti £tJt on the Kl;ige?' i '' I went to Wyndham first, and he Strongly advised me not to attempt it. Tiieii 1 wi'iil to Alexander, and he said precisely what Wyndham had said, but Jiromisfid to write tn Pinero on my behalf. lie did so, with the result that 1 was en ^a^ed /or 'Trelawny of the 'Wells?' ' ; 'You had a good deal of experience as ^ti ainalcnr, 1 think?'' j 'Yes; I have always been very fond of [the stage. The company of 'Trehiwny' were ?yury kind, and helped me in every possible jBriiy. So did Mr. Piuero. He told me lHli.it he had been a failure as an actor, but m can't understand why he should have Jkh'ii. Hy the way, the first scene in 'Tre I lawny' was a facsimile of his lodgings in itlie early sixties when he -was a struggling actor.' I 'And what is yuiir opinum of actors, as B class?' ''V\ ell. I'm afraid they're rather vain, as a rule. Don't you think so? -!ooJ- ?h-.'.'.Tted. always ready to help each other — Init a little vain.' ''Your paper is ? ?'' * 'Booming. Quito so. P-e sure you put Jtliat in. It's called 'Scottish Life,' ,ind it's a penny weekly. I've done a lot of Jijvork for it, and 1 know that the popular fidi'ii is that I just loaf round with a cigar ette and look on. Nothing of the kind.] Jh.'ivc done interviews. Then 1 do gome so C'iet.v gossip every week, and I've canvassed ' for advertisements, and got kicked out for ! any iimuIiIc. In fact, I have worked every I JLr.incli of tiie paper. II was rather hard ] IW'irk coming here to t)ic ofliee in the day, a jnl then playing in the theatre at night. I often used to go straight from the ofiice ftri the theatre. During (he run of the' {piece- loO nights — I was only away four' jtimr's.. I should mention that I am as ltsi-icd on the pap^r by Lord Montmorres, ' Lwli' is an Irish peer, but wlio doesn't ; Ikliiml working on a Scottish paper pub- ' flished in England. We have great faith j id our little paper.' 'To come back lo the time when jour- i n.-ilism wasn't npejss.iry. hadn't, you a little experience with Messrs. Monson & (.'o.?' j 'Lord Rosslyn smiled grimly at the men tion of the transaction, j 'Yes,' he s.iid, '] had business dealings , wiih Monson and Victor Honor. 1 bought : a scent shop in Islington from Victor '. Honor. Why? Oh, don't ask ine that mow. 1 know vi\e price wa- £600, and the gainer 1 engaged after the transaction was. ' Com pie le told me that the whole place was , [Slot worth more than I' 10. The shop i Contained a number of small .seentbottles j t— empty— labelled '\'ictor Honor Freres.' i I may mention that I saw Monson at the | tArdlamont trial, and that when I saw him I (again in London ] didn't recognise him, lie liad altered so much. It was Monson, by lithe way, who was wry anxious that I should do a little forgery— buL I drew the . line at that.' Lord Kosslyn laughed heartily at the .suggestion of such a thing; indeed, during (the whole of the interview he talked of ttiis own troubles as though they were a huge joke which he had carefully arranged for his own amusement. 