WESTRALIA. Kalgoorlie, May 30. The days are growing more and more dull, and times are worse than ever previously recorded on the fields. What the end is to be or when, and in what particular way it is to come, has not been decided by the prophets, but it is generally agreed that we are in as close a corner as we ever occupied. One of the Kalgoorlie papers has shut down—the Standard—the •Chronicle at Coolgardie is in the hands of the official liquidator, and for some weeks the ghost has walked with irregularity in the office of the Coolgardie Miner, •one of the last, if not the very last, of the threepenny dailies in Australia. An exodus from Menzies has commenced, and amongst the pioneer deserters from the camp is the Mayor, who has announced his intention of proceeding to Kanowna, whither, indeed, numerous residents of the older towns are, aud have been for some time, steadily moving. And every second man seems to have the idea of starting a pub amongst the alluvialists, whose money goes into circulation with considerable freedom and characteristic liberality, and not a small proportion of it finds its way across the counters of the beer jerkeries and pubs in the town. One of these •changed hands lately for £7,000. A few months ago it would have been traded off for as many hundreds, but there were no buyers at even that figure. Since the strike in the cement and the rush to the field, and the circulation of money amongst the workers aud small men of the diggings, the takings at the leading dispensaries have reached to as much as £100 a day, and a considerable increase on Saturdays. And as there is no prospect of the country duffering out for a few years, there is apparently a time of profit ahead for the brewers and beer purveyors. Every week ship loads of emigrants are landing in Fremantle and Perth, though what they propose to do there passes my limited comprehension. Both places are overcrowded at present, and there is absolutely nothing to invite the unmoneyed Easterner to settle in the metropolis or the port. On the fields there is at present even less inducement to either the workers or investors to remain, and until the war cloud passes away and the Powers have buried the hatchet, things will not improve to any marked extent. Occasionally rumors of rich discoveries get into circulation, but they are rarely verified, and we are disposed to place no faith in any reports, even when supported by such excellent testimony as a few hundred weight of fairly rich specimens. In conversation with one of the lucky prospectors at the Feather during the •week he assured me that he knows where, within three miles of Coolgardie, there is alluvial as rich as any yet struck on the fields. Sinking for a reef on this property, he says, "at forty feet he passed through pug and wash from which, in the size of the shaft, he took out twenty-seven ounces of gold." He declined to furnish the locality of his find, and explained that he was in no hurry to get to work on it, as he is doing very nicely out of a couple of shows at the Feather, and has no fear but what the other . patch of country will keep until he wants to go after it. Men who were here in the early days are quite satisfied that there are tons of gold still lying about the surface, but there is not, nor lias there been for the last three years, anything in the way of systematic search or persistent prospecting for alluvial. And as few men have the luck which attended Bay ley and Ford and Hannan and others, who walked as straight as a string to the scene of their famous discoveries, it may be years before another sensational surface strike sets the mining world agape again and another Coolgardie is sprung on the public. The robbery of specimens from the 'Derry has given the police something to inquire into, but so far without result. There seems to be a good deal of mystery about the affair, and the elucidation of it may be attended with surprises later on. The specimens, of which there were only a few and not specially rich, were stored in an excavation in the main shaft—a •strong room particularly awkward to reach, fitted with iron doors, locked and barred. Yet the safe was •entered and the samples stolen, and no one seem9 to have any very clear idea as to when the treasure was last seen in its remote storage place. Just at present the robber and the person who breaks through and steals are very much in evidence, and citizens who at one time would have laughed at the idea of carrying arms other than those which grow from their shoulders now travel with a battery in each hind pocket and a club like a telegraph post for general purposes of defence. Even the untutored Indian, who pervades the fields and freights them with a permanent gloom which •oppresses the population like tbe dark shadow of a great sorrow, has taken to evil ways, and one of them •employed at a Coolgardie hotel has confessed to having in six months beaten his employer for £400. He worked the safe, of which he had by some means acquired a key, and at night, when the publican slept, the sinful coffee-colored party from. India's coral strand used to visit the treasury and draw his dividend. He had a beautifully furnished camp and entertained his lady friends in good style. Photographs of several well known women more or less in society were found in the camp. The colored man as an institution is objected to by his white brother, who has no variety of use for him, but his white sister is not •entirely unfavorable to his candidature, and some very peculiar stories now and again are whispered amongst the citizens. We are looking for a busy time during June, which has always been a brisk aud busy month, but it is anticipated the war troubles will affect the markets unfavorably this year. Rumors of big amalgamations are in the air, but these are yet vague, and uncertain, and point to nothing with any clearness. There is an idea that later on there may be a combine which will take in the Perseverance, Kalgurli, and some of the Australia blocks, but as the big operators and wire pullers are making no sign it may be that there is no fire to account for the puff of smoke, and that the consolidation hinted at is so far little more thau a squib fired at a venture. Reports of discoveries in the Hainault, Hannan's Main Reef, and Golden Horseshoe are confirmed.' Brookman's Boulder is getting out some nice stone, and rumors of a fabulous strike at Bayleys are about to-day. From the New Victoria Consols, at Bonnievale, highly encouraging reports continue to come, and after the crushing, which should shortly take place, the stock ought to move strongly upward and keep at a nice mark. The reconstruction of the Central Boulder is definitely announced, and a 10-head plant is to be erected without loss of time. The show is in a good position—oue of the best in the belt—and with 1,000 tons to commence on, and rich sulphides in view, should be heard of shortly. The Golden Horseshoe plant of 20-head, with cyanide attachments, is b^ing pushed along with speed, and in less than three months should be at work. About the same time the Brown Hill battery may be operating, and more may be heard of the Boulder tailings business and the method proposed to be adopted in their treatment. It is stated that the Golden Valley find at Kanowna will equal the Fitzroy in richness, and already the ground for miles along the supposed course of the lead has been pegged. The sinking is about 80 ft., and the reports of the richness of some of the stuff would drive an averagely cold-blooded man crazy. It is going to be a very rich bit of territory. The yield for the month from all the fields looks like showing a decline, due in the main to frequent holidays in May. 