AMUSEMENTS. THEATRE ROYAL. The lively and tuneful opera of "La Mascotte" was produced at the Theatre Royal on Saturday evening by the Albert Fairbairn Operatic Society in a very complete manner. There was a large attendance, including the Right Hon. the Chief Justice and Mrs. Way, and the opera went so smoothly from first to last as to well merit the frequent applause which it received. This is the fourth and perhaps the most ambitious of the performances which the society has undertaken here, and the mem bers, all of whom are local vocalists, are to be congratulated on their success, which must have entailed a ureat deal of careful prepara tion. Apart from the leading performers the chorus numbered 50 voices, and the cos tume^ provided by the members themselves, left little to be desired in the matter of brilliancy or taste. The Mascotte was played by Miss Lulu Gillespie in a very bright and lively style, and her rendering of the " Glou-glou" song and the duet with Pippo in the second act were so good as to produce im-. perative demands for more. Quite a number of floral tributes were handed up to the clever little actress during the evening, including two which had been specially sent by Messrs. Wil liamson & Musgrove and "The Sign of the Cross" Company. The comic element in " La Mascotte" centres in Laurent XVII., and a really good exponent of the character was found in Mr. Harry Hellv. In facial expres sion, manner, and delivery he made the part of the superstitious sovereign thoroughly amusing, his acting being specially commend able in the palace scene. He was well sup ported by Mr. Norman J. Pontifex, who as Rocco played the broken-down farmer and subsequent grand chamberlain in a very satis factory way. Mr. W. J. Graham represented Pippo in a manly style, and his fine bari tone was heard to good effect in several songs. Mr. J. S. Cohoun as Prince Fritellini was good in places, but he was capable of much improve ment both in voealism and acting. Th6 Prin cess Fiametta was a fair success in the hands of Miss May Lenthall, and the other characters were well filled as follows:—Matteo, Mr. E. J. Price; Parafonte, Mr. A. L. Nimrno; Giu seppe, Mr. H. Cowan; Angelo, Miss Bessie Cherry; Luigi, Miss Jessie Nimmo; Paolo, Miss Mary Baldock; Marco. Miss NellieGreer; Finella, Miss Ada Winwood. The dances were prettily executed by the Misses Amy Kane, Maud Brooks, Rose Read, and Ada Graham. The stage arrangements were excellent, and all minor details showed proof of care ful preparation. A certain amount of ner vousness, very natural under the circum stances, was visible amongst the performers during the first act-, but this soon wore off under the genial influence of a favorable reception. Mr. Albert Fairbairn, whose pupils did him great credit on the occasion, acted as conductor with Mr. Thomas Grigg as leader of orchestra and Mr. Harry Trevorah as stage manager. The play will be staged for three more nights, and no doubt in future per formances it will be possible to cut down the waits so that the opera may terminate at an earlier hour than on Saturday. His Excellency the Governor and suite will be pre sent at the Theatre Royal this evening. A crowded house witnessed the O.B.L cou cert on Saturday evening. The Vaudeville Variety Company undertook the compilation o£ the programme, and met with a flattering success. The following took part:—Messrs. W. A. "Watson and T. Duthey (bones), W. Parry and W. Cowan (tambos), T. .Teuseu (interlocutor), Miss L. Clifton, Messrs. L. von Allwarden, A. Brownlow, P. Johnson, W. Cullen, D. York, and J. O'Brien. During the evening the farce " A night with a ghost" was presented, the cast being sustained by Messrs. E. and W. Parry and S. Whvte. At the con clusion of the programme a humorous comedy, "Artists Wanted," by Miss A. E. Gurr, and Messrs. W. Skrap, G. J. Holland, W. Cullen, W. Skuce, A. Henderson, and C. S. Black ford created much amusement. Mr. W. Cullen as manager, and Mr. T. Jensen as stage manager contributed greatly to the suc cess of the concert. On Eriday evening, August 19, a compli mentary farewell social was tendered to Mr. E. C. Stott (who is about to leave Adelaide for Sydney) by the employes of the Govern ment Printing Office at Ware's Exchange Hotel. The overseer of the office (Mr. II. Brooke) occupied the chair, and on behalf of the employes presented the guest with a handsome travelling bag, wishing him all suc cess in the future. Messrs. W. C. Shadgett and S. Winwood also made a few remarks, testifying, as to Mr. Stott's sterling qualities as a workman and a com rade. Mr. Stott's health was then drunk with musical honors. Mr. Stott feelingly re plied. Songs and recitations were contributed by Messrs. J. P. Hyland, G. E. Bonuey, E. T. Watson, W. A. Verrier, E. Cheaiy, J. Trebil eock, W. C. Shadgett, A. Erost, W. Williams, and H. Tyson. Mr. Cheary also rendered a violin solo very creditably. Mr. Walter pre sided at the piano, and Mr. T. Woodhead was the hon. secretary, and to this gentleman is due the success of the social. The singing of "Auld lang syne" concluded the proceeding; 