DREAMS THAT CAME TRUE. HOW mr&DERKBfl; WEBS TBAOKBD. Strange as ib may now appear, it is , nevertheless * fact that io tbe pact dreams. t aigna, and portents played no inconsider able patt in oar lawcouits, and tbe reports of the sixteenth nnd seventeenth centurion are brimful of references thereto. .In con nection with dreams, fierhaps one of the moct remarkable trials, certainly of later days, was that in connection with the slay* ing of Maria Martin, or the murder of tho Red Barn, in which the murderer wa» dis covered wholly and solely through the means of information gained through a dream. The victim of the murder was the daughter of a mole catcher, who posseted far more benutv and education than young women of her class. Keedlecs to say che was the cause of much jealousy, and among her lovers 'was a rich young man named John t 'order, by whom she was seduced and then abandoned. In turn, William Corder, John's brother, appeared upon the sccne. and under promise of marriage Maria wan again betrayed ; and afterwards finding that she was to become a mother, she prayed her betrayer to carry out his promise. Thir% however, was not to the taste 3f William poider, who, under promise ot a secret marriage, made arrangements with the girl to meet him at a red baro on his mother's farm, whence they would leave for a neighbouring town and get married. The girl met ttim as arranged, when he shot and buried her beneatb tbe flooring of the bam. William Corder then disappeared, and returning after a few days, told Mr. and Mrs. Martin that the matriage had tiken place, and that their daughter wa» living at Ipswich. Some months elap-ed, the barn wherein the body was buried wa* filled with corn, and as no tidings catne from the young woman, Corder gave ne a reason that she had hurt her right hand, aod therefore oould not write to her parents, shortly after which Corder left the neighbourhood- Some tune later, Mrs. Martin dreamed thai her dttu^hter hud been murdered by Corder and buried in the barn, and so frequently was the dreura re peated that io the end the woman |«r aumded ber husband to get tbe grain re* moved, aotl to dig at the tpoiind .caUd in the dream, which he did, when the body was immediately discovered and indent! J fied. Suspicion naturally pointing to Cor der, he Wa- traced to Loodon, where he was found married to a fchootmiolreay, on whose earnings he was living. He was srreeted, found guilty, and duly executed, the ineung out. of justice in thin insi«nce being entirely due to a dream. DUE AM EVIDENCE. Harking back aomewhai we find that in 1751 an Inch murderer wa? comicied largely upon dream evidence. One Rogers, a Waterford publican, dreamed that he saw a man murder another in a particular green spot on the summit of a neighbour ing mountain. On the fcllowing day he described both men he had seen in hi* dream with perfect accuracy, which ho did to many of his companion*. One of tho men was exceptionally stiong ; the other, who committed the crime, wa8 weal and ! emalL. Rogers at length provailed upon the parish priest to accompany him to the .cpot, which was easily 'ound, but which bore oo traces of a death struggle. On the follow- J ing day, however, two men entered the ' publichouse vvho.-e appearance tallied | exactly with ihose in the Jicntn vision | When they rose to leave Rogers begged the one whom he expected to be murdered to remain, but unavaitingly. After the man had left he nearly fainted from fright, and in tho end persuaded a neighbour to ac company hira to the green spot on the hi 1 1, where, pure enough, the tragedy of the dream had been enacted in real life. The murderer was tracked and captured and Rogers was the principal witness against hiin. Hi- description uf his dream was so vivid that the prisoner immediately ac knowledged his guilt, and stated that he 1 killed his companion with eight stabs, ex actly as pictured in the dream. In 1810, at Frankfort, in Germany, a woman named Kracme made application to a local judge to be sworn, as she had some information to impart relating to a murder committed in a remote village in Runwia, many days' journey from her German domi cile. Her^tory ran thus Ten years be fore het only son left home. She heard nothing of him, and had no idea at all I where he was living until the night before | when his spirit*p[»eared to her and told her j what she now hastened to r^ate. The I revelation was that aft*r leaving home the ' young man had wandered about Europe till | he bad finally found work in the village of | Klaf in RupHia. Here he bad fallen in love j with a serfs daughter who had a Ku^ian j beau. On the preceding night this latu-r 1 Jiad inveigled the young Teuton into Lhe country, where he had stabbed him, and then concealed the body in a cave ofl Lhc highway. The Judge was so impressed with the description that ho forwarded it to a jtotary in Klaf. In the meantime Karl Kraeme had been missed, and on receipt of the dream story the police searched for the cave, found it exactly located as described, and also found the body witb a wound 1 corresponding with that detailed in the : vision. The murderer was at once arrested. ! and tbe widow Kraeme undertook the long journey to avenge ber son's death. Her : recital id oourt was vivid m the extreme, and she screamed with fright when she first saw the prisooer, whom she picked out from a crowd of men in a dimly lighted cell She also identified tbe woman who was the cause of the trouble. INDIAN VISIONS. Touching haunted bouses, we may re call an Incident familiar enough at be be ginning of the century, when 'The Memoirs of a Tbog * was in everybody's bands, bat remembered by few probably this date. ^Msjor General Sleeman, captain at that time, was travelling up country with bis wife. He encamped in a pretty (rrfyve of inaugot sear Sangor. At - mid* night' Mra. Sleeman ' jnroke screaming. In A-dream sbe 4tw eoons of naktd corpses rise from tbe uAfciiHM hedaldft,, ^ Her husband calmed het, *nd ibe slept again * but- the dream- returned and -o painfully was; ahs agitated that it became neoestafy to strike the oampa little affccr iS^idoight, Ctiptain Sleeman leported this.Jnd^en t to Meadows Taylpr. wbo was then directing.' ^iau^Ecampa^Bpn -ag^ns^tibe^Thiigfi He qanftoAed o^eoLtfc*ppfOf^who recog^ «£ar Singw. ^t .ppee'; »eyerai;«oilii-« bad. the ground dug, and they turned up, if we remember right) v, tbe bonep of seventeen persons. This is one of the best ghost stories exUnt, because indubitably authentic. At the same time it is easily explained. Mrs. Sleeman had been hearing tbe frightful ; evidence pjMtohe; 1 from day to day at that time, 'when Ihe^hugs had just been ^ discovered,- 4Utt&£gfeat they habit ually , buried their vfcpjjHp groves, and that night abe Obtnt&l; fa the nervoas con diuoo when waiting thoughts lake shape as dre^ma.-} ^ j The famodVwegi||»t once known an the 74th HighUudfi^ fits a legend handed down for thcee jE&fttjrtlon;* at least. A captain, 'whose name escapes aa, was writ* 1 ing in his tent at Sbolspore, when a young Holdier in hospital garb entered. ' Please, : air, I wish to have my arrears sent to my mother. Will you kindly take down tbe address f* The 'officer did so without thinking: when he looked up the visitor was gone. Then it struck him that this was very irregular. He called the ser geant, who informed him that the young | man in qaetftion had died in hospital the dav before, leaving an unusual sum of iqoney, and thai the address of his friends ; could not be discovered. It is alleged that, a report of tbe^e fact-, drawn up there and I then, still etiAa. 