SBfiftOBL — « — THE HAUNTED HOUSE AT EUSTON. The story of the haunted house near Eueton has brought forth a orop of ourious inquiries, acme bold Bpirits having even volunteered to ocoupy it, aud one gentleman , being desirous of 1 taking it as a residence. It need hardly he said that the fantastically - attired conjuror, whose photograpb the Scotch M.P. found in the house, and whom he subsequently confronted personally at a party in Belgravia, has not again been heard of, but tne manifestation, it seems, did not disappear with him. Unaccounted sounds were heard nightly until some weeks ago, when the third family of occupants made a precipitous flitting. Oae lady who has been interviewed Tells of a terrible nignt she spent 1 in the house as a guest of a family who oooupied it some two years ago. She says, ' I aui u -unity a sound sleeper, but iu that honse uu my first and only visit, about one a.m., 1 was awakened by a feeling that somebody bad drawn their hands across my temples. Lookiug up I saw, gliding through the doorway, the retreating figure of a man, whose feet did not seem to touch the floor. Paralysed with fear, I oould neither shout nor rise, and I suppose I must have bee une unconscious It was probably an hour later that I remembered everything, and rose to find two miniature oil paintings lying on my dressing table. The landscapes did not then reoall any place within- my acquaintance. I was in the act of raising one when the feeling orept cold over me that I was not alone, sad saw the phantom of a girl with long hair outlined on the window blind. I shrieked, and fell to the floor, and it was some weeks before I fully reoovered from the shook 1 had received.' Another person who had oooupied the house — an iron -nerved old soldier — related that hiB bedroom bell rang repeatedly down stairs, though no one in the house touched it. Being no believer in ghosts, he deter mined to know what it meant. Aooordingly, he had all the strippings removed, leaving the bell wire bare. Still it rang, while every inoh of wire throughout its length was being watched by himself aud some friends. On another occasion there eame a series of most deliberate raps at tho dining-room wall. Casting his eyes in the direotion of the sound our informant saw the head and buBt of a woman, whose faoe was unutterably sad. ' I was not frightened, only perplexed,' said the old gentleman, ' but when one night the piano gave two or three bars of music, though all the members of the household, including our only pet, the oat, were in another room beside me, I made up my mind it would be best to leave. I believe another family has had to leave since we did.' 