SPURGEON'S AUTOBIO GRAPHY. COURTSHIP AND MARRIAGE. 'Fran 'our own Correspondent.] LONDON. Aueust 28. The second volume of 'C. H. Spurgeon's Autobiography,' compiled from liis diary, letteru, and record by his wife and his Private Secretary, hat* been ist-iu.il by the publishers, Messrs. rasemore & Alabaster. There is less of anecdote and more of con secutive narrative in this than iu the tint volume, but the period covered, extending from 1851 to I860, was probably the most momentous in the life of the great preacher. The first chapter is taken up with the ac count of Spurgeon's courtship of Miss Susan Thompaon, a lady closely connected with the Obey family, who in due time became his wife. The story i* told by the lady herself, and no one who rends it can doubt that the union was that of two persons having an intellectual affinity us well as an intense love for each other. Mrs. Spur geon prefaces the personal pages with the following touching illustration of her emo tions in entering upon the task undertaken by her. ''Many years ago I read a pathetic stocy. which is constantly recalled to mind as the duties of this compilation compel me to read the records of past years, and re peruse the long-dosed letters of my beloved, and live over again the happy days when we were all-in-all to each other. I do not remember all the details of the incident which so impressed me. but the chiei facts were these. A married couple were cross-, ing one of the great glaciers ot. the Alpine region*, when a fatal accident occurred. The husband fell down «w» of the hum crevasses which abound on all glaciers—the rope broke, and the depth of the chasm was so great that no help could be rendered, nor could the body be recovered. Over the wife's anguish at her loss we must draw the veil of silence. Forty years after wards saw her, with the guide who had ac companied them at the time of the acci dent, staying at the nearest hotel at the foot of the glacier, waiting for the sea of ice to give up its dead: for, by the well known law of glacier-progrestioti, the form of her long-lost husband might be expected to appear, expelled from the mouth of the torrent, about that date. Patiently, and with unfailing constancy, they watched and waited, and their hopes were at last re warded. One day the body was released from its prison in the ice, and the wife looked again on the features of him who had been up long parted from her. but the pathos of the story lay in the fact that she was then an old woman, while (the newly-rescued body was that of quite a young and robust man, so faithfully had the crystal cistket preserved the jewel which it held so long. The forty years had left no wrinkles ou that marble Drow. limes withering finger* could not touch him in that tomb; and 50, for a few brief moments, the aged lady saw the husband of her youth, as he wa* in the days which were gone for ever. Somewhat similar has been my experience while preparinc these chap ters. 'After it had been settled,' says one reviewer that young Snurgcqn should occnjiv new Park-street pulpit with a view to the permanent pastorate, *'Mi» Thomp son used to meet him occasionally at the hr- nsc of their common friends, Mr. and Mr* Obey, and she sometinus went to bear him preach. About this time she be came alarmed at her liackslidbg spiritual state, and was moved to seek guidance from one of the pillars of the Sunday school, Mr. Olncy'n second son. 'He may have told the new pastor about me,' she says, '*! cannot say; but one day I was greatly surprised to receive from Mr. Spur geoa an illustrated copy of The Pilgrim's Progrcfs,'' with this inscription:— 'Miss Thompson, with desires for her progress in the bleaed pilgrimage, from C. H. Spur gcon. Ap. 20, 1851.' Their friendship steadily grew after thid, and on June 10 the lover made his first 'revelation.' They were present with a large party of friends at the opening of the Crystal Palace on that day:— We occupied fnmc raised seats at the end of the Palace where the great clock is now fixed. Ah we Kit there talking, Iaughinc. and amusing ourselves as best we could, while waiting for the procession to paw by, Mr. Spurgeon handed me a book, into which he had been occasionally dip|iiog, nnd pointinc to mme particular line*, said, 'What do you- tliink of the poet's suggestion in those verses?'. The volume was Martin Tupper's 'Proverbial Philosophy.'' . . . The pointing finger guided my eye* to the chapter, on 'Mar- riafie,' of which the opening sentences ran thus:— Seek a food wife ol thy Cod, tor die ti the best gift of lib providence; and to on down to U tiwn art to have a wife ot thy youth, cbt ii now thins; on the earth; Therefore think of her. and pray for her weaL 'Do you pray for him who is to be toot hwbaml!' raid a xoft low voice in my ear —so soft that no one else heard the whis per. I do not remember that the question re ceived any vocal answer; but my fast beat ing heart, which sent a tell-tale flush to my cheeks, and my downcaxt eyes which feared to reveal the light which at once dawned in them, may nave spoken a lan guage which love understood. From that moment * very quiet and subdued little maiden sot by the young pastor's side, ant while the brilliant procession pawed rounf the Palace, I do not think she took *- much note of the glittering pageant defiling be fore her* as of the crowd of newly awakened emotions, which were palpitating within her heart. The courtship continued for weeks of nn allay«d hnpninaw, until on August 2 the 'verbal confemion' wan made, 'and Jliw Thompson made the following entry in her diary against that day:— ? It is impossible to write down all that occurred this morning. I can only adore in silence the mercy of my God. and praico Him far all Ilis benefits.' The love-letters arc among the most remar kable love-letters ever published. She ii 'My own doubly dear feume,' and he *My dearest;' be 'your much-loved, and ardentl loving, C. H. S.;' she. 'fondly and faithful!' youn, Susie.'' On July 17, lS55,«tbe lover and pastor wrote from AbtrfeJUy, a Scotch town, which he had reached during a preaching and holiday tour over the Border:— 'My Precious Lore— 'Your dearly-prized note canto safely to hand, and verily it did excel all I have ever read, even from your loving pen. Well, I am all right now. Last Sabbath I ixrachcd twice, and to sum up all iu a word, the services were 'glorious,' In the morning. Dr. Patterson's place wait crammed; and in the evening. Dr. Wanllaunj Chapel wa* crowded t/- suffocation by more than 2J5QC people, while persons outside declared that quite a* many went away. My reception was enthusiastic; never wa* greater honoui given to mortal matt. They were just ai deUshtod as are the people at Park-street To-day, I have had a fine drive with my host and his daughter. To-morrow, I an to preach here. It i* quite imprmble foi me to be left in quiet. Alrvodv, letter* come in, beggio;: me to go hen*, there, ami everywhere. Vnlc*- 1 k«» to the North 'ole, I never can get away from my holy labour. 'Now, to return to you again. I have ad day-dreams of you while driving along. I thought you were very near me. It is not long, dearest, before I shall again en-' oy your sweet society, if the providence of God permit. 1 knew I loved you very] much before, but now I feel how nec.es.siry you are to me; and you will nut lose much j -y my absence, if you find me, on my re-| turn, more attentive to your feelings, «* well as equally affectionate. I can now thoroughly sympathize with your tears, be cause 1 feel in no little degree that pang of absence which my constant engage ments prevented me from noticing when in London. How, then, must you, with so much leisure, have fdt my absence from you, even though you well knew that t wax unavoidable on my part. Hy darling, accept love of the deepest .and purest kind from one who. is not prone to exaggerate, but who feels that here there is no room' for hyperbole. Think not that I weary myself by writing; for, dearest, it is my delight to please you, and solace an absence which must be even more dreary to you than to me, since tra-. veiling and preaching lead me to forget it. My eyes ache for sleep, but they shall keep open till I have invoked the blessings from above— mercies temporal- and eternal— to re*t on the head of one whose name is sweet to me, and who equally loves the name of her own, her much-loved, C. H. S.' He presented her at this time with a book bearinjr the title of 'The Pulpit Library,' the first-published volumes of his sermons. The occasion of the gift is expressed by the inscription: — 'In a few days it will be out of my power to present anything to Mi» Thompson. Let this be a remembrance of our happy meet ing* arid street conversations.— Dec. 22, 1835. C. H. Spurceon.' \- The wedding took place on January 8, 1856, in New Park-street Chapel, amid great enthusiasm. Prospective brides and bride grooms will be '-'deeply interested in ,}lr. Spurgeon's inscription in the family Bible recording the marriage; and not less in the ''loving comment' he added to this inscrip tion eleven years afterwards:— ^'Charles Haddon Spurgeon and.Susannah Thompsou were by the gracious arrange ment of Divine Providence most happily married at New Park-street Chapel by Dr. Alexander Fletcher on Tuesday, January 8th, 1836. And u year rolls tfter year Each to other still more deir. ? — *r. Subsequent chanters of the book include records of the 'Early etitfeisms and slan ders' to which the preacher, whose dis courses attracted 'statesmen, nobles, di vines, great travellers,' and 'all classes of the community' from the Prime Minister downwards was exposed. He was denounced as 'vulgar and theatrical.' lampooned as worthy to rank with 'Turn Thumb, the sins. c. il spunr.EOs. sins. c. il spunr.EOs. Living Skeleton, and other delusions,' and described as 'a ranting feJbw and an empty ram** horn.' A London corresijpndent of a county paper, who designated him 'a cleri cal poltroon,' thus wrote of him:— *l am told one leading minister of the Indepen dent denomination, after hearing this preco cious youth, said that the exhibition was 'an insult to* God and man.' Actually, I hear, the other Sunday, the gifted divine had the impudence, before preaching, to say, an there were many young ladies pre sent, that he was engaged— that his heart was another's, he wished them clearly to understand that— that he might have no presents sent him, no attentions paid bun, no worsted slippers worked for him by the young ladies present. I suppose the dear divine has been rendered uncomfortable hj the fondness of his female auditors. At any rate, such is the impression he wishes to leave. TV orly iif.fresmon, however, he seems to have produced upon t-e judicious few is one of intense sorrow and rexret that such things should be, and that such a man should draw.' . The statement was untrue, and the author of it had to acknowledge its falsity. Proof of the marvellous impression which Spurgeon made on the public mind in quite the early days of his career wws afforded by the fact that two sketches were published under the title of 'The Slow Coich and the Fast Train,' which repre sented a 'High Church dignitary asleep on the box of a heavy chariot drawn by a pair of horses labelled 'Church and State,' and the young preacher very much awake and bestriding a locomotive named 'The Spur goon.' ' Here is an anecdote told by the aforesaid young preacher, wliich indicate* that all that is said as to his vanity and self-esteem is not justified. 'While he was preaching at JheMiuricHall. an unknown censor, of prcat ability, used to send me a weekly list of my mispro nunciation* and other slips of speech. lie never signed his name, and that was my only cause of complaint against him. for he left me with a debt which I could not discharge. With genial temper, and an evi dent desire to benefit me, he marked down most relentlessly everything whwh he sup posed me to have said incorrectly. Con cerning some of his criticisms, he wax him self in error: but for the most i«irt he wait right, and his remarks enabled me to per ceire many mistake*, and to avoid tficm in tho future. I looked for his weekly memo randa with much interest, and I trust I am all the better for them. If 1 repeated a sentence which 1 had uwd two or three Sundays before, he would write. 'See the Amc expression in sucli-Andtturh . m sermon,' mentioning, the number and nagc. lie remarked, on one occasion, that I too often quoted the line:— 'Nothing in my hand I bring,' and he added, 'we arc sufficiently informed of the vacuity of your hand.' His own estimate of himself la given in the following paragraph. 'I am neither eloquent nor learned, -but the Head of the Church has given me sym pathy with the masses, love to the poor. -tnd the means of winning tlie attention of the ignorant and unenlightened. I never sought popularity, and 1 otnnot tell how it in so many come to hear me; hut shall I now change? To plca«c the ftolite. shall I leave 'the people,' who so much require 1 simple and stirring style? I am, perhaps, 'vulgar,' and so on, out it is not inten tional, save that I must and will make the people listen. My. firm conviction is that we have quite enough polite preachers, nnd that 'the many*' require a change. God has owned me to the moot degraded and outcast; let others serve their class; these are mine, and to them I must keep.' Tho»e who arc acquainted with the his tory of Snurceon's marvellous success, know that the New Park-i-trect Chapel soon prove! too small to nc-commodato the irowils wbii-h Hocked to hear him. and that it had to lte enlarged: that Exeter Hall was filled to overflowing when he preached, and that the immense con cert hall, cajKible of holding 12,dH) persons at the Surrey Gardens, was also crowded by eaeer listeners. The awful tragedy at this Ittttcr building, when seven persons were crushed to death owing to the raising of some senseless or malicious alarm, which canted a wild panic .among the worshippers, had a most deplorable effect uj-on the preacher's nerves. His own ?'impressions of the occurrence' are thus given. 'Of this dread calamity i was unaware till, as I was led down faint from the pulpit, '. heard a whisper of it. 1 know no more, for I lost almost all eonsciousne«s and, amid the weeping and cries of many, I was carried by a private garden into the street, and taken home more dead than ?live. There were seven corpses lying on the gross, and many have since told me how grievous was the sight. This I never Raw; but what I had seen might have been sufficient to shatter my reason. It might well seem that the ministry which promised to be so largely influential was silenced for ever. There were persons who said so exuitingly; but they knew not what they said, i wa* taken awav to the house of a. friend earl/ the following morning, and as I* was assisted out of the carriage at Croydon a working man caught sight of me, and in a frightened fashion, stammered out, 'Why, sir. it's Mr. Spurgeon. isn't it?' I answered, 'Ye».' 'Then,' he rejoined, 'it must be his ghost, for last night I saw him carried out dead from the Surrey Gardens Music Hall.' Mr. -Raskin, it 'is mentioned, was a fre quent attendant at the Surrey Music Hall, and when the young pastor was recovering from a serious illness in 1858 Mr. Raskin called to see him. Mrs. Spurgeon thus re lates' tfie incident:— ? 'My beloved was downstairs for the first time that day, and was lying on the couch in the room I have indicated. ' 'Bow well 1 remember the intense love and derotion displayed by Mr. Ruskin, as he threw himself on his knees by the dear patient's side, and embraced him with tender affection and tears. My brother, my dear brother,' he said, 'how grieved I am to *ee you thus!' His sorrow and sym pathy were most touching and comforting. He had brought with him two charming engravinga— gems of artistic taste, which still adorn the walls of one of the rooms at 'Westwood'— and some bottles of wine of a rare vintage, which he hoped would prove a cordial to the sufferer's much-weakened frame. My husband was greatly moved by the love and consideration so graciously ex pressed, nnd he very often referred to iC afterwards in grateful appreciation; espe cially when in later years there came a change of feeling on Mr. Ruskin's part, and he strongly repudiated some of the theolo gical opinions to which Mr. Spurgeon closely clung to the end of his life. Mr. Spurgeon himself gives this 'account of an experience in Tring, a Hereford shire town, which he had visited with Mr. Olney. The minister referred to was Mr. William Skelton:— 'If 1 remember rightly* the worthy man's stipend only amounted to about 15s a week. He had invited us to tea at his house; but while we sat- in Ids humble honie my conscience rather smote me, because my good deacon and I were consuming some of his scanty store of provi sions, and I began to think of some plan by which we could repay him for his kindness. I noticed that our friend was wearing an alpaca co.it, which was very shiny, and in places was so worn that 1 could see through it ? So nt the close of the ser vice I said to the congregation, 'Now, dear friends, I have preached to you as well as I could, and you know tliat our Saviour said to His disciples 'Freely ye have' received, freely give.' I don't want anything from you for myoelf; but the minister of this chapel looks to me as though ue would not object to a new suit of clothes.' I pointed ilown to my worthy deacon and said, 'Father Olney. down there. 1 am mire will start the collection with half a sovereign (he at once nodded his head to conrm my state ment): I will gladly give the same amount; and, if you will all help as much as you can, our brother will soon have a uew suit, and a good one top.' . The collection 'taken up' was a, fairly large one. Here is a story told which bears witness to Spurgeon's directness of appeal. 'While preaching in the hall on one oc casion I deliberately pointed to a man in the midst of the crowd, and said, 'There is a man sitting there who is a shoemaker; he keeps his shop open on Sundays; it was open last Sabbath morning; he took ninepence, and there was fourpence profit out of it; his soul is sold to Satan for four pence.' A city missionary, when going his rounds, met with this man, and seeing that he was reading one of my sermons, he asked the question, 'Do you know Mr. Spur geon? ' 'Yes,' replied the man, 'I nave every reason to know him; I have been to hear him, and under his preaching, by God's grace, I have become a new creature in Christ Jesus. Shall 'I tell you how it liapitcnol? I went to the music-hall, and took my Mat in the middle of the place; Mr. Spurgeon looked at me as if he knew me, :uid in his sermon he pointed to me, and til the congregation that I was a shoe maker,, and that I kept my shop open on Sundays; and I did, sir. I should not have minded that: and he aim said that I took nihc|-encc the Sunday before, and that there was fourpence profit out of it. I 'did take ninepeuce that day, and fourpence was just the profit; but how lie should know that I could not tell.' Much is said as to the vanity of the audiences addressed by Spurgeon, and this interesting account of one of his appearances on the Continent is extracted from bis own diary in 1800:— 'I preached in the Cathedral at Geneva; and I thought it a great honour to lie allowed to stand in the pulpit of John ? Calvin. 1 do not think naif the people understood me: but they were very glad to see and join in heart with the worehip in which they could not join with the understanding. I did not feel very happy when I came out in full canonical;, but the request was put to me in such a beautiful way that I could have worn the PopcV tiarn, if by so doing 1 could have preached the gospel the more freely. They said, 'Our dear brother comes to us from another country. Now, when an ambassa dor comes from another land, he has the right to wear his own costume at Court; but, as a mark of great esteem, he some times rondc*cends to the manners of the people he is visiting, and wears their Court dreU.' 'Well/ I said, 'yes. that I wUl, cfrtaiuly. if you do not rcnuire it, but merely a«k itas a token of my Christian lore. I *'.iaH feel like running in a sack, but it will be your fault.' It was John Calvin's gown, and that reconciled me to it very much. I'do love that man of God; suffer ing all his life long, enduring not only per secutions from without but a complication of disorders from within, and yet serving his Master with all his heart. I ask your prayers for the Church at Genera.' Tlie above are but fragments taken from this volume, which is very bulky, and con tiins » vast amount of information about the experiences of the great Baptist preacher during seven of the most memo rable yean of his life. Allusion has already been nude to the caricatures of the 'Slow Coach and the Fast Train.' and this sketch, which is presented in common with many other illustrations, was canned by Knottier, which is - thus described in one newspaper notice:— 'Railways were then rapidly superseding the stace-coache*. and one picture of The Slow Coach shows the splendid and ?formal equipage of Church and State- driven by a venerable and ponderous ecclesiastic, while on the opposite page is The Fast Train, a loco motive with th*e lithe Spurgeon as driver.' An oven more excellent caricature of the same order is tlw contrast .of The Old Conductor* and 'The New Conductor.'— the former 'running an empty omnibus to Westminster and bt. Paul's, and announc ing no reduction in the old fares: the other filled, with Spurgeon standing debon air on the platform, running to Surrey Gardens at 'cheap fare*.' mere is one patent injustice in the 'latter, however, which teems to show that the artist was determined not to flatter the successful preacher over-much: all the passengers ore women, and all the bonneted figure* who are hailing 'the new conductor' atv women. It is mentioned that over one hundred mil lions of Spur?e«»u's sermons have bwn issued, and that they are prized beyond measure by an cver-incnMsiug circle of readers. In truth, it can be s.iid .-f the nrenchcr in a very ciKti.il sense that 'be being dead yet sf«aketh.' 