CONSECRATION OF DR. KELLY. With all tbat solemn splendour and com pleteness of detail ever characteristic of the Church of- Rome in the performance of her ; ceremonies and rituals, the Right Rev. Dr. Kelly was consecrated Bishop of Geraldton, in St. Francis Xavier's Cathedral, on Sunday morning, the Right Rev. Dr. Corbett, Bishop ' of Sale, being the oonseorating prelate; and the Right Rev. Dr. Maher, Bishop of Port Augusta, and the Right Rev. Dr. Dunne, Bishop of Wilcannia, assistant prelates. The strains of music slumbrously stealing through the Church, the soent of sweet-smelling incense wafted from the thurible, the illu minated altar resplendently embellished with floral gems, the richness of . the robes of the consecrating prelate, the assistant prelates and priests, and the Bishop-elect, the simply-vested aoolytes reclining at the foot of the throne, and the radiant glow from the many-coloured glass'windows shedding a dim religious light into the sanctuary were features of a cere monial which _ could not fail to arouse the emotional feelings, and, if at peace with God and man, to thrill one with a deep religious fervour. Within the sanctuary were seated the Arohbishop of Adelaide on the throne, and wearing the cappa magna. He was as sisted by the Very Rev. Father Vincent, Pro vincial of the Order of Passionists in Australia, and the Rev. Father Carroll, S. J., of Norwood, i Solemn High Mass was celebrated by Dr. ; Corbett. The Ven. Archpriest Nevin was the assistant prieBt, Father Hurley being the deaoon and Father McEvov the subdeacon. ! Father Cosgrove acted as master of oere monies, his assistants being Fathers Collins, Melbourne, and Cornes. Father Alfred, C.P., was assistant to the Bishop of Port i Augusta, and Father McKillop, S.J., to the ! Bishop of Wilcannia, while the Very Rev. Father Norton, V.G., of Port Augusta, was the assistant priest to Dr. Kelly. The Very Rev. Father Enright, Administrator of the Port Adelaide District, was also present. The - oeremonv began immediately with the veBtmg of the oonsecrating Bishop, the Bishop eleot, and the assistant BishopB at the Altar of the Sacred Heart, and for over three hours the sanctuary presented an imposing speotacle, whether the --gor geously robed prelates were in repose or moving about, as the ceremonials demanded. The consecrating prelate sat before the centre altar, and the Bishop-eleot and assistant Bishops having saluted him they sat down, and almost immediately .the senior assistant Bishop rose and said to the oonsecrating pre late—"Holy Church demands that this priest present be raised to the episcopate." Then the consecrating prelate asked if he had the Apostolic Briefs, and the assistant Bishop re- | plied in the affirmative. It was commanded to be read, and this was done aloud before the whole congregation. The Bishop-elect then genuflected before the conseorating prelate, and read the oath, word for. word, given in the ritual. An examination was then begun. This has been commanded by the Holy Father, in order that he who. is chosen for the rank of a Biehop be first diligently examined conoerning the faith of the Holy Trinity, and be interrogated upon the different titles and morals which are befitting such government, and are neoessary to be kept up according to the saving of the apostle,'"Be thou not hasty in oonsooratiug any man,"and for this purposo also, that he who is about to be ordained may be instructed how he is bound to demean him self when established in this rule within the Church of God. Lastly, in order that they who give the consecrating imposition of hands may also be irreprehensible. The following are some of the questions:— "Wilt thou by word and example teach the flocks for whom thou art to be ordained in that whioh thou understandest from Holy Scripture?" To which comes the answer, " I , will." "Wilt thou uniformly render to Peter the Blessed Apostle, to whom was given by God the favour of binding and loosing, and to his Vicar Leo XIII., the present Pope, and to his successors, Bishops ] of Rome, faith, subjection, and obodienoe ac cording as the.oanons enjoin?"—"I will." "Wilt thou for the sake of the Lord be easy 1 of acoess and pitiful to the poor, to the etranger, and to all that are in need?"—" I will." After the examina tion, the mass of the day was begun in different chapels, and con tinued down as far as the Epistle. After the Epistle the Bishops conducted the Bishop- j elect onee more before the consecrating ] prelate in the centre of the altar, and the consecrating prelate said to him:— "It is the Archbishop's office to judge, to interpret Scripture, oonseorate, to ordain, to offer sacrifice, to baptize, and to confirm." Then all knelt while the Litany of L the Saints was chanted, but tho Bishop-elect | lay prostrate meanwhile at the left of oonse- [ orating prelate. This prostration was typical of the fulness of self-sacrificing life and humility whioh should inspire the new prelate, j After the Litany and prayers appointed all. turned towards the altar, and the " Venjf Creator" was intoned. After the first verse the consecrating Bishop sat and anointed the head of the elect, who was kneeling before him, with holy ohrism, forming the sign of the cross on the orown, and then anointing the re mainder of the orown of the bead, saying:— "Bo thy head anointed and conseorated in the order of High PrieBt by heavenly benediction in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost." Next the hands were anointed and bound up with white linen by the oonsecrating prelate. Then ho blessed the crozier and gave it to the elect, who was kneeling before j him. After the offertory the consecrating prelate again sat, and* the Bishop - elect presented him with two lighted torches, two loaves, and two barrels of wine. Each of these portions of the ceremony had its special significance. The chrism with which he was anointed was a mixture of oil and balsam, the oil signifying purity of conscience, •and the balsam the sweet 'idour of a good ' name. The orozier whioh was handed to nim is the emblem of his pastoral office, while the ring was the emblem of his priestly office and of the union between the Bishop and his Church, just as the book of the Gbspel iB the j emblem of his teaching office, and the bread and the wine were typical of the essentials of life, while the wax candles were the mystio representation of the saorifloe whioh the I Bishop made of himself to the Ohuroh. The mass was then continued by the Bishop elect and conseorating prelate at the same j altar. At Communion they partook of the same host and of the same chalioe. Towards | the oonolusion of the Holy Saorifloe the mitre was blessed and put on the head of the Bishop sleet. He was'then oonduoted by the assistant Bishops through the Ohuroh, and imparted 1 his blessing to the people. The newly eon- ' aecrated gave the solemn Pontifical blessing at 1 the end of mass. The whole oeremony was concluded by the Te'Deum.being sung by the . ohoir, whioh also rendered Gounod's solemn high mass under the direction' of Mr. XW. Gordon, 