SCIENTIFIC. SCIENCE NOTES. By PHYSIOUB. PITCHES-PLANTS. Professor Vines has lately been, working at the pitcher-plants, and examining the liquid contained in the pitchers. The plants are well-known ornaments of green houses, and scarcely need description. As to what part of other plants the "pitcher" represents opinions are divided. Some think it merely an expansion of the end 6f the leafstalk, while Sir Joseph Hooker re gards it as the modification of a gland i situated at the apex of the leaf. The dif ferent varieties arefoundecattered over the East Indian Archipelago, Asia, Africa, Madagascar, and Northern; Queensland, where Mr, F. M. Bailey, the Government botanist of that colony, has recently found a couple of forms. In former times botanists, Linnaeus Amongst them, des canted at length on the admirable pro vision for travellers that these plants af forded. The liquid in the pitcher was- said to be delightfully pore and cool. Unfor tunately, the contained liquid, "which is in the main secreted by the plant, is very far. from pure water, and is quite undrinkable. It swarms with bacterid, and is choked] with insects in all stages of decay{ and, moreover, the plants are found, not in dry and arid regions, but in places where the raiufall is plentiful. The paradise of pitcher-plants, according to Mr. Burbidge, is the great, mountain range of Kini Balou in liorneo, where there is a deluge of rain; every night of the year, and a Scotch mist all day. The contents of the pitcher are yielded by numerous elands, which line its surface, and uatil the organ attains its full size it is closed by a lid, which pre vents the entrance of rain-water. Hie con tained fluid contains several salts of potash, soda, lime, and magnesa, with malic and citric acids; and, Professor Vines says, a special ferment, and to this ferment chiefly, and not to the bacteria, j is due the decomposition of . the drowned insects. Those products of decomposition which are soluble are absorbed by the < walls of the "pitcher," and are utilised by the plant as nutriment. The carnivorous habit, as it is sometimes, but rather in exactly, termed, releases the plant to a great extent from 4he necessity of drawing nutriment from the soil, and as in the case of the similarly-behaving sun-dews of our pastures, the roots are small and few, their chief function, the absorption of food, be .ing carried on elsewhere. SHOOTING STARS. Everybody has seen "falling stars" or meteors, but very few know much more about them. The genual idea seems to be that they are casual visitors from external space, having little if anything in common with the solar system, until by some acci dent they blundered into it. The real fact is that in the shooting star we see the death of a tiny planet; for, small as these bodies mav be, they are. in all probability just as much pl iiiets-as is the earth itselfl In -de-soribing than as planet? all that is implied is that they describe orbits about the .suu until the earth encounters them. Their orbits are, however;'^very elongated, much like those of periodical comets; they, consequently, intersect the orbits of the large planets^ and if a planet, such as the earth, and the meteor reach the point of intersection simultaneously, the indepen dent existence of the meteor is promptly terminated. The meteors traverse their orbits ap parently in groups, each group probably containing many myriads; the tailing stars belonging to any one group being distin guished by noting the part of the sky (or ''radial point") from which they appear to come. Mr. Denning, to whom we owe most of our knowledge on this subject, is of opinion that there are no less than 350 dis tinct meteor swarms describing orbits about the 6un. Some of these have been ascribed, with very great probability, to the break-up of periodic comets, inasmuch as they have taken the places, and traverse the orbits, of comets fottnerly seen at regular intervals, but now lost. INSECTS AND POISONS. What is one man's meat, says the old pro verh, is other man's poison, and it appears to be also true in, a marked degree of in Eeeis. Tobacco witter is fatal to most forms of animal life, and the juice from an old pipe is peculiarly deadly. As Calveiley says- 1 one or two at most Drop* m*ke« ta£ a ghost. Useless excopt. to roast Doctors lave said it. And yet there Is a small weevil 'which in lests tobacco warehouses, and does a great aeal of damage to tobacco and cigars, on which it foods.' Mr.Dixon, of the Sydney i eeli nical College, in * letter irr ^Nature, ' mentions a casfe which came under his no tice. A druggist had prepared a stock of poisoned wheatfor sparrows, by treating jt with strycbninfc. The material was Kei»t in cardboard boxes, and alter a timei yus found to be infested with we ?'af.more | than half of the wheat was eaten, and the remainder of the box * Weevils and their a&t;* was found in the#«aE npiiarently to a larger extent in tlie'iixcre having passM through the.digestive apparatus unchanged. . In a note on JJ'Xon s letter some furthj»4 remarks are epecfes of Journal tefevftd ito. - One "a .PhysoFtigma whtth contains a virulcait ^°f' and,yet^w»me caterpillar rtpidly mat ? ®?ecJ8. of.Pnwsfc acid Ba.y» there is ^ ®n. the kerne) of tain a foirhf - poison. There is room liere for a con-1 Biddable amount of Investigation, as the J nela is comptnM|f - - tnftiwra J numerous scattered observation* buhly beeu tnide. The patterns of <shronogtaph Hfed hithe to for invesnflatlul {he monbn Jaf ^proje tiles are afEMJtwTwHh th^ WW WHi1*® ®*. error. The proJwsH^ii draifed in Its pass age to sever a of wires, iorousg jpor tions oi the dc«fap.fer whifl® c«ctnc current ~ . current .pagnets. The seve "the other wires ate-out th<Hr magnets -cause ® faiiw "to strike tire shutter andtnake markson it, the^iataticea of tie m&rkethas; affording a measure of ??-; the time which elapses between the severing bfany t*o wires. Unfortunately, the electro-magnets kfiver act for a fraction of a second&fter; toe passage of the projectile through their wires; ana what is more serious, the delay the action will not be quite the samfe for different macnets, however carefully they made, 'ilie errors arising in this way, though small, may easily become seriouB where such intervals as the twentieth of'a second are concerned. Quite lately Professor Crehore and Lieut. Hqiher, of the-United States Army, have invented a chronograph which is free from, this source of error. To explain, the prin ciple on which it works we must premise that a ray of light has its properties pro foundly modified when passed through' ,a: Nicol prism,' a piece or apparatus con structed by cutting a crystal of Iceland spar in a definite direction, and cementing the two pieces together with Canada balsain. After passing through the prism, the ray can be completely stopped by another such prism suitably placed, though the prism is quite transparent to ordinary light. If now a tube containing bisulphide of carbon is inserted between the prisms, no effect is produced unless the tune be sur rounded by a coil of wire through which an electric current is passed; in that tuse the light traversing it becomes farther modi fied .no as to be now able to pass through ?the-second prism. -If the current be cut off firomthe coil, the light instantly disappears. If, then> the projectile be caused to alter nately close and open the circuit as it travels light will be ultimately transmitted and stopped; if it be received on a travelling photographic plate, which is subsequently developed, the image will consist of an in terrupted line. If a row of dots be also produced on the plate by means of a supple mentary beam ot light, which is cut off at regular intervals by the prong of a vibrating tuning-fork, the dots form an accurate time scale, for the vibrations of a tuning-fork are as regular-if not more so-as those of a good dock-pendulum, and a great deal quicker. The first wire broken by the projectile in terrupts the circuit and cuts off the light; the ncact wire it encounters-which is insulated -holds apart two springs; the projectile knocks out the wire and allows the springs to come together and close the circuit again, and so restore the light. The successive ar rangements, consisting of simple wires and pairs of springs, allow this extinguishing and restoration of the light to be repeated eight times. Any part of the projectile's track can thus be examined. With this apparatus the inventors liave made the remarkable discovery that the "muzzle velocity" of ' a shot is not its greatest speed, but that the speed goes on increasing, and that very considerably, forj a measurable time after the shot has left the gun. This can only be caused by the high-pressure gases, generated by the ex Elosion of the powder, which rush out be ind the shot, and in expanding down to the pressure of the atmosphere keep push ing the shot forward. In one of the «xpsri ments the velocity of the shot after travel ling 20ft. in the air was nearly eight per cent, greater than when it left the gun. INVERTED VISION. An investigation of the eye as an optical instrument shows that the image formed on the retina, or sensitivepart of the eye, is really upside down. The eye, in fact, resembles a photographic camera in general principle, andrjust as the image thrown, on the ground glass is upside down, so it is in the caBe of our eye. How it is that we see things the right way up was a question over which a good deal of argument was ex pended. Some thought that by a compli cated arrangement of the nerve fibres lead: ing from the retina the inversion was cor rected. But the microscope did not sup port this view, and it had to be abandoned. Then it was suggested that it was merely a question of habit. From our earliest childhood we see and handle things, and so learn by experience which is the top and which the bottom. We mentally turn the picture upside down again, in fact. We know thut we do the same thing before a mirror. Shaving is at first a slow and dangerous pastime; the razor seems to go the opposite way to what you wish it, but after some time this feeling passes away, and you wonder how you ever had any trouble about it. Similarly, beginners in the use of a microscope are greatly puzzled by everything being upside down, and it takes them some time to learn that to move an object under the instrument they have to push it apparently in the opposite direc tion to that in which they wish it to move. Yet, after a time, the work becomes quite unconscious, and no difficulty is experi enced. That the same explanation is the true one in the case of the eye has lately been proved, if it needed any more proof, in a very ingenious way, by Prof. Stratton, of California. He wore for eight days a mask fitted with lenses which inverted .every thing, and at the close of that time he had grown quite accustomed to it, and had no difficulty with the objects about him. When he took the mask off again it seemed as though everything was upside down, but after a short time the feeling passed away, and the normal sensation returned. NEW PIGMENT., Earth, air, and sea liave been ransacked for pigments for the artist They are pre pateil from organic substances and from in*! organic. Carbon is used for our Indian inft, whi)e 4he ventaUf. worid.yiel^ m jfidigg. gamboge, ana madder. Mineral edits afford, us a great variety of opaque colours, ver . aM caamium yellows, jiitrainarine. while sepia ralces iti nunu? ffom tliBt of a cuttle fish* the inkbag of which supplies one of the best forms of this paint. Recently a new brown has been brought into notice in the form a substance which has been looked on as an, unmitigated nuisance, and, one of which, unfortunately, we can sunply fer more* tha» will ever be required foje^ts nfew use. -This is the spores of oat smut, ffcg new colour-seems to do equally well as a water or an oil paint, and in some, experi ments made to test its durability it was found to te u&changed; after eeveral months exposure Id direct iunlight.- In i ts deeper tonesit to of a fine *epi& shade, deepening their eyebrows. 