' ; CUBA AS ; IT IS. ... FIDEL Q. P1ERRA, ; IN:THB FOBUM.l . Spanish domination in .Cuba; : or the at-; tempt at domination, will- be n perpetual ' source of annoyance, of irritation, and of danger to tho United States. ' Of danger, in so -far as it may, at any time, giye rise to inl-prnationiil nnmnltontiniiR nf n nntiiup which it is not possible- to foresee. At tlje present day, 'and ili .present circum stances, there is not the slightest probabil ity — whatever some subsidised newspapers of the Old World may say — that any European nation would lend its support to Spain; and the most serious cousequcuces of a determined and effective policy on the part of the United States, in order finally to dispose of the Cuban difficulty, would be the semblance, or perhaps the reality, of a war with Spain, either of which would be a matter of small importance. Yet condi tions may change in the course of years; thev mie lit, chaueo at a critical moment: and whal now docs not appear even as a possibility might then become an accom plished fact. Would it not be prudent and wise, therefore, to improve the present favorable opportunity, and decide once and for ever a question which, like Banquo's ghost, will not and never will down until it is properly and legitimately settled? It is idle to expect that Spain will be able to suppress the present revolution. It is yet more idle to hope that any compromise can be effected between the Spanish Gov ernment and the Cubans. There was a period in Cuban history, a long one indeed, when a compromise was possible, and tlie Cubans exerted themselves to the utmost in order to reach it; but that period is past and gone, never to return. Now there'arc only tivo issues— incessant war or independ ence; But let iis suppose, against all proba bility, .that Spain willib able to orush-the revolution. Does-ihriybria-think that it can 'befricTOmplishcd'in'a' shbrt time? ' Spanish official announcements of a speedy termina tion of t-lio war are nothing but empty Castilian bombast. What do the facts tell us? Even granting that henceforth every thing should go against the Cubans and in mvui ui opaui, years will einpse ueiore one former will be exhausted and tho struggle will come to an end. The re'bellion of 1808 continued for 10 years. -The Cubans then never liad more than 10,000 men under arms — less than one- fourth of what they have at present. They had no permanent sources of revenue; and when the funds which were collected at the beginning of the war had been expended they were left without pecuniary means wherewith to supply them selves with arms and ammunition. Now they have the regular contributions of the thousands of their countrymen living in for eign countries, who faithfully pay their monthly quota into the treasury of the elubs to which tliey belong, to be by these latter paid into the treasury of tho Cuban Delegation in Now York. The amount is not large; but it has. paid for 00 per cent, of the thousands of rifles anil millions of cartridges sent to Cuba since the beginning of the revolution. During the previous war the Cubans neg lected to provide themselves with cattle and to raise vegetables for the. supply of the army. This time, one of their first measures was to drive all the cattle into the moun tains — where tlicy can be cared for aud are beyond the reach of the enemy— and to es tablish various zones of ngriculturc in. which some 3000 men are engaged in farming! They lmvo thus assured their supply of, arms and ammunition and their supply of food. Dur ing the rebellion of 18GS-78, the war was confined almost entirely to tlie provinces of Santiago and Puerto Principe; no pro perty was destroyed in those of Santa Clara, Matnnzns, Havana anil Pinnr del Rio, and agriculture suffered no interruption in them; I and Spain was able to force from the island a revenue larger than in. time of peace. Then the rebellion lmd its origin in the upper classes, the . lower ones scarcely realising its meaning; and slavery was a great, obstacle in various ways. Now the uprising proceeded from the common people, anil the upper classes joined them when tliey became .convinced of, the universality and strength of tlie movement. - If the Cubans by any chance are driven from the provinces of Pinar del Itio, Havana, Matanzas, and the western part of Santa Clara, they -have the means to witli- 'stnud the power of Spain for many years in the provinces of Santiago, Puerto Principe and tlie eastern part of Santa Clara — a ter ritory .which represents more than five- eighths of the area of the island, and from which they can continue to raid the other provinces and to prevent the in-gathering of the crops. To set fire to the largest cane field nothing . more is necessary than a match, half a riint of koroKonn nod :i 1!\\-P snake; and the latter harmless creatures— I for none of tho Cuban species is poisonous —abound throughout the island. Indeed I have no doubt that the Cubans can hold out in those .provinces long enough entirely to exhaust tho power of Spain. But should I they finally desist, it would be merely a suspension of hostilities until the next generation grows up. Should they be ex- I terminated— as Spain wills and threatens but is powerless to effect— she must keep the island wholly unpeopled; for there are no worse rebels against her -rule than the immediate offspring of the Spaninrds. So long ns Spain has a foothold on the island, Cuba will be a running sore in tbe side of the United States. The only way to heal it I is by complete cauterisation; which, in tho ease under consideration, means tlie utter separation of Spain from the country. This alone will relieve the United States from any further care and annoyance— care and annoyance which it would be unjust to charge to the Cubans, for it is not their fault. They are human beings; they are crushed .'by . oppression anil galled by tyranny; ana tney rise in seir-qerence. ixoc tiiey, but' those who goad , thein to rebellion, should bo bill rued. But if, from a political point of view,, it is to tlie interest of the United States that Spain should withdraw from Cuba, from an economic standpoint it is still more so. There are some 00,000,000 dol. (some esti mate the amount at 70,000,000 dol.) of American capital now in jeopardy in Cuba. Of it some 30,000,000 dol. are invested in sugar estates, some 20,000,000 dol, in mort gages, on various kinds of property, 'and the balance .represents . debts due by Cuban planters'/and' nijjreliants to bankers, mer- . chauts/aiifl', mfumfgoturers of the United : States. "- Sd-liiig S.tlife ivS'r continues that mass of capital will remain entirely unpro ductive; wliile if it is iriueh prolonged it may be utterly lost. \ We liiive already seen that previous to the war the taxes ivere so heavy that the coun try was unable to bear them. Will they lie lighter after peace is restored? In the first place, Spain never, abolishes a tax. To do so is against her traditional policy; her history, proves it. , Iri the second place, two items aloiie of the future permanent expend iture will amount to a-larger sum than tlint of the whole budget before the rebellion. Tlie item for interest on the 'debt which Spain had imposed upon the island was then 12,000,000 dol,; "and. as the debt has. already I doubled, and before the war ends will - be I more than doubled, the interest on it will rise to at least 25,000,000 dol. per annum. Before the rebellion the cost of the army and navy! was 7,000,000 dol.; but as Spain will be compelled to keep in the island a much larger army, the future cost ivill be at least ip, 000, 000 dol. Add to these two items tlie otliers of the budget, which I shall leave, as before, and a grand total is reached of 42,000,000 dol., or 10,000,000 dol. more than the amount of taxes collected in 1804, and 12,000,000 dol. more thnn the sum expended. That Spain will foree that revenue from the island so . long as there is anything to' ex tract it from; no one who knows- Spain en tertains the least doubt; and such'a proceed ing will result- in the confiscation qf what ever capital remains in Cuba. Sueli will be the fate of American property under' Span ish rule. , Under the republic, on the other hand, as there is no public debt — for the so-called Cuban bonds are. an obligation incurred by Spain, arid Cuba iB in no way responsible for it— there will be no interest to pay; and a budgct.of some 7,000,000 dpi. -or 8;Q0.Q,000 dol. will fully provide for all the current ordin ary wants of tlie government and for pur poses, of national interest, which, though alivaj's neglected by Spain, are necessary, for the materia) development of the country. Again, tlie commerce of the United States with the island/ which sometimes has 'risen to about. 100,000,000 dol. a year, will be Ex posed to perpetual fluctuations and losses so long as Spain is allowed to remain in Cuba. During the last two years it has dwindled down to nlmost nothing; anil it will suffer a greater reduction if thewar continues.'.Un- der the republic, the perturbing causes, hav ing disappeared, it will flow on uninterrupt edly, and will reach a magnitude never yet attained. Cuba will not then have to 'go to Spain annually for 30,000,000; dol. - or 35,000,000 dol. of merchandise, which she.can obtain much cheaper in tlie United States, and which slio hail-to order from the Penin sula because -the customs tariff favored the Spanish - producer to the extent of 250 to 2000 per cent. Indeed, shall be very- much mistaken if, within a few years after Cuba becomes- independent, her commerce -with the United States does not rise to tivice/the figure it reached before the war. 