&momn; Intelligence. Ireland. O'CONNOR AX ENGLISHMAN ! AND THE SAXON ONE AND THREE. (" Dublin Vroemnn." Zth March.) His name was Charles O'Connor, &u;<3 lie had becvi soldier bold. The London polknmn who rejoices m tue oflicial titlo 20:J A lohl a West bud magistrate Uiai lie saw O'Connor shouting aixl yelling, '; 1 am an Oraugcuum—I aw a soldier ! ivot thinking it possible Tluit the two professions could be reconciled, 20.^ A came to the conclusion lhat GharJfifc was in a confused state of mind. ' 1 am neither Oraugewitn nor a Lemonman." said O'Connor in the dock " I aui a real red, white, and blue "old Englishman !" This from a descendant of the Kings of Connaught —a man in/ whoso veins, mayhap, flows the Royal blood of "Cathal Mor of iho Wuo Kerf 11/uid :" O'«'onuor is mi IiugHshinau, John Smith's an icy Russian, Trelawwy hiiils from Ecuador. MacGregor is » Prussian ; O'Neill's ancestors always lived Beside Hie (iangos River, And .Tolm Jlrowu's forbears castles built Along the (hiadnlquiver. Petrowsky's family estates All bordered on ihe Shannon, And China's throne's the heritage Of Patrick 1'helim li.'iniion. In fact. Hie ancient families','»•> ... Whom we delight. to honour.' Have been im>xiri<-:il>lv mixed Jiy Englishman O'Connor. Forces of tin' Crown came into col- J5siou ut Navan recently. At the weird hour of 1 l>.m.. when churchyards had yawned to the utmost, and "ibberinc ghosts were industriously revisiting (lie glimpses of the moon-or, rather, sorrowing: over its absence, for the night was dark—.Tames Collins, exmilitiainan, valorously assailed the military barracks in the Meath town. His lethal weapon was the jamb of an Iron bedstead, and therewith lie sought to demolish tin- fortress of the redcoated enemy. V.ul Colour-Sergeant MiiHiolland made a gallant defence, and the dnrinsr assailant was captured before he hsid penetrated past ibe outposts. He will lie tried at tlie next assizes. You may talk about Afridis or tlie field of Waterloo. Pharsala or Magenta, or Clontarf, or Peterloo. Or the fiftlit at Tubberneering, where tlie British soldiers flew, Or the battle of the Diamond up in Cavan. But all the rows in history were merely bits of fun Compared to that which happened that flue morning nbout one— When valiant Jimmy Collins, without pike, or sword, or gnu, Charged the military barrncks down at Navan. A bedstead Ijo dissected, and he battered at the door; And the sleeping soldiers trembled when they heard the wild uproar, While the Colonel of the garrison stood shivering on the floor, As heroic Collins plied his jamb with fury. But a gallant: Colour-Sergeant—and Mulliolland was his name— kike Blucher erst at Waterloo, to Navan's rescue came— Let us hope that Jimmy Collins will, as on that night, "die game," When he takes his place before a judge and jury. The " Saxon shilling " will in future be fifteen pence. It is proposed to give the soldier an increase of threepence a dav in his pay, or free rations. We do hope that the alternative rations will represent more than threepence worth per diem ; otherwise we fear Tommy Atkins would not be well atered for. The most important part of the new inducements to enter the armv, however, is that tfie ex-soldier will get the opportunity of earning, a shilling a dav in Government employ. It is hoped that, by these inducements more Irishmen will be inclined to' enter he army. Paddy will not serve the Queen, For British war he is not willing ; He's too much or too little green To rush to take the Saxon shilling. Perhaps—"a great perhaps," indeed- Poor Paddy may converted be, May scramble for the army feed, And take the Saxon one-and-three. "Ob..ho!" says Wolseley, "that's the plan. For infantry and cuvalrie We'll get the hungry Irishman To take the Saxon one- and-three." IIUSII EMIGRATION STATISTICS. Tlie emigration statistics for 189? issued bv the Irish Registrar-General show that in that year 32,906 persons, or-£2 per 1000 of the estimated populaticwNof Ireland in the middle of the yfcar. emigrated to foreign countries. These figures, though showing continuance of the lamentable drain of the life-blood of tlie nation, which has now gone on for more than forty years, are still satisfactory, in that they show a decrease in the drain in 1 SOT as compared with 1896, when the number of emigrants was 6320 more. The most lamentable point brought out by Dr. Grimshaw's latest return is, of course, that the emigrants were mostly persons young or in the prime of life, eighty-three per cent of the whole number who emigrated in 1807 being between the ages of fifteen and thirty-five years. Another significant fact is that of the males who emigrated, the most numerous class were farmers—a striking proof in itself. assuredly, of the condition of the Irish agricultural population. It may not be useless to add that since 3852 —tlie date at which the collection of the Irish emigration statistics commenced—the persons who have emigrated from Ireland reach tlie appalling total of 3,722,658, or more than threefourths of the whole population of the country at the present time. This return shows conclusively that Ireland has been steadily decreasing in population under a system of government that is maintained for the benefit of the few at the expense of the many. Miscellaneous. The sentiments expressed by Lord Charles Beresford on the subject of Catholic University Education do his lordship credit. In a letter to the " Times" he points out that this " simple means of justice and right" has bad his advocacy from the very beginning of his Parliamentary career. Religious bigotry, at all events, finds no place in the political programme o£ the junior member for York, who has no patience with the reactionary attitude taken up by his Unionist colleague, Colonel Saunderson. He entertains no unworthy fears of the great majority of his fellow-countrymen; whose cause in this controversy he espouses in a thoroughly patriotic manner. « United Ireland " says :-Mr. Darnel MacAleese has suddenly achieved fame in the House of Commons, and that is no small performance. The honourable member has brought in a bill to enable Irishmen to affix Mac and O to their names, and to compel revising barristers to duly acknowledge same. No wondet he was cheered to the echo when introducing the measure. Archbishop Usher (says United Ireland") wrote about two hundred venrs ago:—"Truly the Irish ranks amongst the very first of languages for elegance and richness ; but no one lias as yet arisen who would apply his mind to it in such a way as tba.t we might have it cultivated, as almost $11 other vernacular languages of Europe have been cultivated within this age." This regret has been often keenly felt since, and lovers of our venerable language despaired of ever seeing It cultivated again. One society after another made nn effort to rescue the language from the oblivion to which it was fast drifting, but owing partly to the means they adopted, and principally to the apathv of the nation at large under the " geasa" of the ivational School system their efforts proved unavailing. Mr. Wm. J. Doherty, C.E., the wellknown Dublin contractor and engineer, died at his residence, the Grosvenor Hotel, Westland-row, on 27th February. Mr. Doherty constructed some very important works throughout Ireland and in Dublin. Lord Chief Justice O'Brien met with a severe accident while hunting with the Kildare hounds on 26th February. He will not be able to attend to his duties for some time. The death occurred on 2nd March of Ut. Edmund Murphy, Chief Receiver of the Court of Chancery and Government Arbitrator for Ireland. Great Britain. TRAPPED. HOW A BIGOT " ENTERTAINED " A COMPANY, AND WAS CAUGHT IN A LIE. The following anecdote is related by the Rev. Mr. Lee, of Dundee, in a letter to the " Protestant Guardian " :— " A certain lady, who had the honor of crossing the Alps and of visiting the Imperial city of Rome, wished to entertain a company in this town (Dundee) with the marvellous things she saw in that Catholic city. She stated that, upon a certain festival, the Pope appeared upon a balcony in front of St. Peter's Church, and threw down large slips of paper amongst the multitude, at which they eagerly grasped. The curiosity of our traveller was excited to know the contents of those sheets of paper. However, after some difficulty, she caught one of them upon its descent, read it—and what were its contents ? A permission granted by his Holiness the Pope to all the people now residing in Rome to commit any kind of sin for the space of three months. "This anecdote, as you may well suppose, caused a considerable sensation in the company. The old and grave could hardly suppress a laugh, while the young ladies indulged themselves in unrestrained giggling. But some malicious wag, very politely questioning the lady's veracity, put the question—'' Did you really read that document ? 'Most certainly,' saicl the lady. The gentleman could not. do less than congratulate the lady " A LITTLEFIRE " Is quickly trodden out; which, being suffered, rivers cannot quench; Wolfe's Schnapps is an aid to the Rheumatic, eiitiher acute or chronic. upon her knowledge of the Latin language ; but everyone in the company was well aware that she knew neither Latin nor Italian, and that the Pope is not in the habit of writing English or broad Scotch—so she made her exit amidst general rdars of laughter." 