$-itmt\m. ' lielow :uul on Top' is the title of a volume of stories and sketches by the uutlior of ' Kliyines from the Mines' — Ed- word Dyson. There cun be no doubt that Mr. Dyson has a familiar knowledge of life or. Hie gold fields of Australia. Jle has Im'cii brought up on one, and ho carries into manhood memories and recollections of incidents which would come under a boy's observation, and the interpretation of which he now essays to give. A keen observer, lie is also an accurate narrator of what he has seen, and he has the poetic faculty of giving a glamour to his narra tives. His first piece shows that he wants sustained power. It is disappointing. He pictures to us a miner's wife who has lost her husband in a mine. lie and others are entombed in it. The mine has since been shut down, and a cover of thick slabs laid across the top of the shaft. Agues Brett has gone out of her mind at the loss of her husband. Grief has whitened her hair, and reduced her figure till she appears like a ghost haunting the mine, and mourning for her husband. She arouses the tender sympathies of Dick Haddon, a little lad with human feelings to be strangely touched by her unhappy position. He learns her history from an old miner, and watches her as she flits about the entrance to the mine at night. . At last he gets a notion that he may give her some consola tion. He finds one of the slabs loose, and that he can get on to the top of the ladder in the shaft. He slips in at dusk, and from below replaces the cover. When the mourner conies to call her husband Dickie answers her, soothes her, even kisses her, She goes home contented, and conies to her right mind. Recollection of her maniacal state she has none. She dyes her white hair, nnd develops into a buxom, romping coun try girl as she was when married. Then the story takes quite a new turn. She scolds Dickie for alluding to her former .state, aud when he forbids her marriage at chj«el he is promptly bundled outside. Then 1/iekie discovers a ghost in the de serted mine, who turns out to be a gold thief. The strain which pervades and gives such a charm, to the opening chapters is completely changed, and the narrative be comes vulgar and commonplace. The shorter sketches are much better. They have the merit of being more homogeneous. Some of them are farcical, and of the character of lampoons. Such is ' A Sab bath Morn at Waddy,' descriptive of a quarrel between Weeleyan class-leaders at a little hush chapel. It is easy for a young man in the pride of intellect and strength to bring religion into contempt hv ridicul ing the conduct of its professors, but as he grows older Mr. Dyson may discover that the feeling vlneh makes for volition rs deeply planted in lnunnn nature, smd is r.ot a subject for caricature. A-? illustra tions of Australian life and manners. thoughts and feeling*, ihe sketches hnve considerable literary value. They arr cleverly written, original, and so f;ir as we can judge drawn from nature. *' Below and On Top.' By Ed«nMr)ypon. Sydney, Brisbane, &o; : Georee Robertson nml Company. Rock hampton : Cowie ard Cowlard. 1H)3. It is notified in the 'Government Ga zette ' of Saturday last that the reserve for a racecourse in the town of North Rockhampton, parish of Archer, which wns set apart by a proclamation dated the 1-t of August,' 1804, is made permanent in stead of temporary. It is further notified that subdivision 1 of allotment 7 of section 30, town of Herbert (Broadmount), con taining 1 rood 10J perches, has been per ' manently reserved for an office- for the use of the Rockhainpton Harbour Board. 