OWNERS Another -Oise for Hunters. s There is one chief lhdncemeat that now causes . many young; men ; of < wealth and position to patronise the \- Jumping game : If they care to do ao, . tney can noe their own horses. The > weights, differing from those In Bat i races, are not prohibitive. ' An eleven- stone man may hare a lot of fan In \- steeplechases If, fond of sporting his own -colors In public, be can; get hold \- of a few good leppers with staying power and a turn of speed. He may \- not be able to get a great deal of . money with them If he runs them out honestly on their merits— which, of course, being a good sportsman, he would do ; but he will obtain a That " amount bf healthful exercise, more ex- \- cltement perhaps than In hunting, and will get about the country in an agree- " able manner for a definite purpose . with congenial friends. It was such considerations as these ; which induced young Sam Fllaters, who liad become wearied of hunting in a bad country, - to purchase a few -'chasers with a view to riding them himself when they performed la pub lic. He was prepared to spend some money on the enterprise, having plenty to spend, thanks to a father who made it and passed into tbe hereafter before he could complete arrangements to en- Joy the fruits of his Indomitable indus- We were riding home from bunting, Sam and I, after, a wretchedly bad -day. We had been pottering about In a persistent drizzle since the morning— not tKe ghost of a ran. Our grandest achievement had been to chop a mangy fox In covert ; then all was a blank. iWe were not happy. "This Is good enqugh to chuck, I think," remarked Flitters, as we were jogging along through the mud ; "one might as well, or better, be careering round a riding-sebool on the tan, jump ing a small hnrdle now and then as a \- treaL" "It Is certainly dishonouring to a good hunter to bring him out for such work," I replied, wishing to console ; "but we can't all be sporting on the with the top-sawyers, and all our days are not so bad as this day." And I groaned. "Well, I shall buy a few young Wood 'uns," answered Samuel, " and school them for 'chasers ; I am sure to get some jumping then. Where can we pick tliem up ?" I thought I knew how to pick them up to the best advantage, having had some little experience of a peculiarly melodramatic character In that way, and I explained to FUsters the moet correct methods to achieve his pur pose. "Buy sound two or three-year- olds, With some bone and substance, that have shown a hit of speed on tbe flat, and look like improving." That was my advice, and although I write it liyaclf, who would be more usefully employed In nursing the children (my last kid got a knock-out). It was really good, so.und advice I was giving him, too. Moreover, it was acted upon. At the end of the flat-racing season Flisters bought four or five young horses of the type described, giving fair, though not fancy, prices for them. Assisted by a good studgroom, he schooled them at home, occasionally showing them hounds, and they soon became pro ficient jumpers. In the following spring he ran one of them, a great, leathering four- year- old, and, carrying out his original am bition, he was his own jockey. I at tended with some misgiving to watch his debut and pick up the pieces. " Of course, you know nothing about yours ?' I remarked to him just before the race. " I suppose one can't back him ?" "All I know," replied Samuel, quiver ing with excitement and eager for the fray, " Is that he Is a fine jumper, and will lend Ahem a. rare good gallop "fill the way. Some of them will be tired bf following me before they are pulled up." "Then we'll have a fiver on between "us just for luck," I said. And so It was arranged. A nice price I got. too. for, of course, the "talent" could not stand what tbey termed "a mug- Jockey" on a privately-trained out sider.- What they always want is Arthur Klghtlngall up on n. horso that has been In every tipster's mouth for months. Then they dare bet, and that is why many of them have to borrow money or steal It In order to got home. " What sort of a race must I ride T' asked Samuel before mounting, and I replied : "Oh 1 slip along all tbe wny apd make tbc best of your way home. It is no use for you to wait and try to win by speed against these crack Jockeys. They are sure to beat you if it comes to a question of finishing. Mr. Flisters acted upon these in structions. He mnde all his own rnn- nlng, was never headed, and won look ing round hy about twelve lengths. The young horse jumped beautifully. Needless to say. we were both ex tremely pleased liy this triumph. If be bad won a National and an im mense stake In bets, f-amucl could not have been more delighted, whereas my only regret was' that we had not had £B0 on, and won something useful. "That's, v ";at you get." I said, sadly, when giving him his share of the spoil, '' by running liofses without knowing anything about them. We ought to have won enough on this race to build a church with a golden spire. Before you bring out another of your champions try hint at home, so that we can back him— or back something to beat him." For some little time afterwards my friend was busily engaged in trying bis animals, and at last be seemed to find out something— a mare that was better than the Others. He wrote to mfc to that effect, stating where she was to run. Immensely pleased with the in are when I saw her In the box before the races began. I asked for some particu lars of her trial, aud when placed in possession of them I thought them too good to be true. On that form she was a " smasher." So when the bet ting opened we had £50 on, again at a delightful price, and I felt too happy even to want lunch. "Now, don't forget to slip along." I said to Samuel, after "chucking" him up ; " no hanging about or they're oure to ride you out of it after jump ing the last fence." When the flag fell be went off at a rare rattle, and was soon leading his field by three or four lengths. Thus he approached the last fence with only one horse near him, aud it was a hund red to one on him bar a fall. He got over safely, and eased the mare, think ing that he was winning comfortably. The other horse, baring been hard rid den for more than a mile, had still a ppurt In him, and the fine jockey on Ids back made the best of IL He cot upsides witb Samuel, whose sur prise and Struggles were ludicrous. Mr fanfortuuate friend could not set his mareigoing again, and was Just done ' on the post by a short head. He ought , to -have "won by a fence." - .. Moral (tor-'! owners oa Js ease a young hotse after galloping thrto miles, over a country In heavy going . when vdU'-tisn t finish foe . nuts — " Tho Punter," In niustmted Bits." - « Mellee Klfig, vHio was successful'In the Dunolly Handicap, run at the In augural 'meeting of the Dunolly Itaco Olub on 22nd Inst, Is a eon. of King, of the Ring and Gazelle, The Missing Unk was second. 