Terrible Bnrnini; Accident. A. SYDNEY MAN FALLS ON A HOT STEAM ' PIPE UN A BATH. ' T s M m FRvmri'u AN AWFUL SIGHT. While in A bath in Pitt-street, a Mr. .larvis had the misfortune to slip and fall nn the hot water pipes, and before he cmild tie rescued lie was scalded and burnt in a terrible way. The »hock of the burning and the fall proved to be very lixastrons for Mr. Janis, a d for a number of eare after he was confirmed invalid, sufl'cring terribly froni locomotor ataxia n.nd other forniu of aralysis. A few months ago, however, reports Cecan to lie circulated in the neiffhlHrnrhood that Mr. Jarvis was getting round again, and that he had had a most marvellous recovery from this ^ apparently incurable malady. It was on account j of these ruiuours that a ope- ial reporter from the j Sydney WORKER was despatched to get all infor-1 mation re^ardinj; same, and one afternoon he marie liia way to iiis honse, 15 Cro>vn- lane, j Ultimo. Air. Thus. Jarvis wasdiscovered nursing j a two year old baby, and liis face declared him one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about, and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still a few ii-arksofa critical illness and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid no more. In reply to the preliminary questions he sa d :— "You want to know all about my cose '! Well, I ain glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." " How long weie you suffering 5" " Well, twelve months ago 1 got so bad that I • had to leave off work, and I have done nothing! nince then. About five years ago next Christmns i I met with an accident; I was badly scalded { while taking a path in Pitt Street, Sydney. Since ' he accident, 1 liave Ijeen in failing health, and after four years of gradual developcment of the malady, I was forced to give up my pillet at the Glelie Island." I " What were the symptoms?' " Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They weie just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I bad no control over my bowels or bladder, and w«s a nuisance to myself and everybody else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither cat or sleep. On the -23rd March hist I saw a well-known doctor, and he told me that my ca^e was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions." " Did yon make use of the order!" " No ; I came home and went to Vied, su.d have heen pretty we 1 in bed ever since. Fi ve weeks ajjo I maid not walk across the floor; in fact, I could not out of b- d. I felt then thai it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would gite up the ghost. My doctor was attending nie, and did all he could, hy opium and Mnrphiit pills, to ease the agony 1 wsf in. I was under linn for five or .six weeKs. He cante to the conclusion that 1 wa« suffering froin .ocumotor ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar disturliances of gait, and difficulty in co- ordinatiug voluntary movements. He told me that I might 'ast for ten years, and thai I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then this patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is 1101 infiillib[e.) Well just as a drowning man will grab at n straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure effected in the case of nnother boiler-maker in England which I lead in the AUSTRALIAN WORKMAN, l>y Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the pills a tri-I anyway, and sent for a liox. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and deep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and ref t I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able tb move aliout. Yon see those crutches there? They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me before 1 got, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them." " He is 100 per cent better," said Mrs. Jarvis who hid come in and taken the baby on her knees. "The Dr. Williams'Pink Pills for Pale People have saved his life, and made another man-of him." A friend who called in at this point said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than lie did a fortnight previous. " I can now, continued Jiurvis." have a cold bath, and all the feelings has come back into my legs I ascribe all the change and benelit to Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and feol like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctoi gave I nte to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Eveiybody who' knows me has been amazed at the chango in me. They ean hard y believe their eyes. My being altout again has caused quite a sensation out here." Such is tliis' remarkable history, and it confirms what is said in^llt he ohief newspapers of this country of the astonishing cures' wrought by Dr. Williams' fink Pills for Pale People. They cure'locomotor ataxy, paitial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many dEordere which arise from an impoverish d site of the Wood, such as anicnnn, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, etc. Mr. J. S. T. M'Gowen, leader of the Labor Party in the N.S.W. Legislative Assembly, was 6»ennv our reporter in connection with the remarkaole case of Thomas Jarvis. Mr. M'Gowen says lie has known Jarvis froni infancy. He also knew that he had to give up his work at Glebe Island abbatoin twelve monthB ago owing to a malady. which he developed. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was bed-ridden, and that there s was little chance .of his recovery. .He understood Jarvis was refused admission to Sydney Hospital, as his case bad been pronounced incurable. Mr. M'Gowen was, therefore, 1 like everyone else who knew the facts, astounded at the'-completBTecovery of Jarvis. These wonderful pills are obtainable from leading chemists, or from the Dr, Williams' Medicine Co., Queen's Place, Sydney, who will forward (post paid) on reoeipt of stamps or post order, one box for 2s. 9d., or half-dozen for l'5s. 3d. See that the getiuine Dr. Williams' are gotten. 