DAIRY NOTES. The home separator, writes " Soutn Gippshnder," is an institution that must be treated with considerable respect. "This system has surely and steadily gained ground f.iH nnw in ftnmn Tirvrts thrirft is nothing i>lsf» Some factories aro up to date, and instead of fighting against it are running cream collecting carts through tho district. Those adopting this simple but most advantageous system to the farmer are not only gaining, but still more inducing tho introduction of the home separator. Say that it takes at the farthest dis tances only Is. icr can of cream to get it to the factory, whereas hitherto it took a horse, cart and man a whole day to deliver a can or load of cream. As to the fallacy — for it proves nothing lesB — that tho home separator is deteriorating the butter, the pricos realised by the Chilled Butter Company for its 'country factory brands' prove that it is a f&llacv.; and with a little of that common rchra exercised, largely a characteristic of the present railway management, in tho way of supplying ice to tho dairymen' at a low cost similar to that of the fisherman, this home separating bj'gtem is going to bo the correct one. Another factor is that both ko;sc3 and vehicles now require renewing ; consequently tho farmer reckons up the cost and finds that the amount invested in a separator would have been far more profitable. As for making butter at home, good as it may be in reality, it i3 found that the price paid for cream iB better, to say nothing of the saving in time and labor. I am loth to lend a bond to tho closing of creameries, but cannot shut my 0303 to tho stern facts ; over and over ngaiu have both factories and creameries been warned that they were by theso unfair dealings 'killing tlio goose that laid tho golden eggs,' and now the3 are beginning to realiso it in this province. Indeed the condition of roads and tracks was an added factor, although I am one who believes eventually nothing but the home separator will be in use nil over the colony with local co-opiiutiVu fucLui'ied, Tuu principal item in dairy management is close attention to sanitary arrangements and cleanliness in the cow yaTds and eoparator room. In tho -issue of 1 The Leader ' of 18th Decem ber the first Comments article Bhowa what is re quired to the letter, and rightly points out to the Dairymen's Association, composed as it is of factory managers ae a whole, where they can best exercise their faculties. In improving the conditions of milk production in the cow- yard, Btart clean is the burden throughout, and without this nothing elso avails. The old saying that the bitter fountain cannot produce sweet water applies with double force to tho milking operations. The extremely dry w:athcr recently has been favorable to tho cleanliness of tho yards, but during an ordinary season much more attention is required, and better yards must be provided. The want of good green fodder will be felt more than usual this year, as the grass ripened quite two month earlier, consequently the fodder will be tarPer required unless we have abundance of moisture early in the new year. I ftm afraid that last season's favorable experiences ha-,, rendered our farmers here careless in tiiia re- spect, but it is not too late to mend even vet. Maize will still grow if planted in the beginning of the year, anyway rye will come on as late autumn feed. I am theorising on rve, as iVn not sure it has been proved good feed' for butter making. A recent visitor, Mr. Fairfield, com plains that he could not get the farmers to deal direct with him and save commission. This is the outcome of the distrust that exists between the farmer and his agents or factory, and it is the clean, careful farmer that unjustly suffers for the sim of those who are not equally careful. The onh- real objection that lies in the use of the h. m separator i3 that it places the farmer in ths power of a manufacturing firm, who in place of taking a moderate fair conisrds. sien for their work, take near'v 00 par cent, overcharge. These matters are 'slowly but surely arranging themselves. The AVarrngul Farmers' Association experiment is n significant indication of awaking to a sense of their own power, which will spread over the whole farm- ing community, and having the strength of co-operation in one direction will quickly apply it in the direction of direct disposal of produce, erection 01 local co-operative butter factories where none exist at present, and result in the shutting up of the metropolitan?, unless a drastic change is made in the method of dealing with the suppliers, by giving them a really fair price for their produce in all in stances, instead of as at present, in very excep tional cases. Tho mulcting of cream suppliers of quantities of butter — sometimes amounting to as much as 10 lb. to the can of cream— is nothing more or le33 than plunder, call it by what other name you will. This is easily remedied by the testing of the cows and learn ing in that way how much butter they actually produce. This is being done in some cases, and the results are eminently satisfactory to tbe producer. All farmers who supply public com panies should take the bint." Feeding cows for butter test was given pro minence as a practical topic at the recent Royal Horticultural Show held at Manchester. Dr. Herbert Watney won the first and third prizes in the class for cows giving the greatest amount of butter fat in two milkings, all the competing cows being Jerseys, and Dr. Watney's manager, Mr. John Cox, by request, supplied a note of particulars. He toys, "Herewith is an account of the food given to each of the three Ruck- hold cows at tho i Royal ' show at Manchester. These amounts are given only approximately, as the foods were mixed in different projKiriieiu to suit each cow's teste. Crushed oata, 21b.; oatmeal (groat,) 3 lb.; bean meal, lib.; bran, I lb.; dried disiillerB grains, 2 lb.; mixing feed cake, 6 lb.; Unseed cake, 2 lb.; crushed linseed, h lb. Each cow per day, 17 lb. The cows were allowed as much 1103 and grass as they would cat. This food was given during the 21 hours preceding the test, as it is during that time attention to feeding is most required ; on ihe day of the test the cows were not so highly fed. In feeding cows for dairy tests there are thico errors which are sometimes made (1) Giving too much food and water immediately after a journe3, when tho animals are tired. (2) Feeding too liberally. (3) Giving too much food at one time Any one of these mistakes may cause the cows to suffer from impaction, or from distention of the stomach. The yield? of milk and butter are then diminished, and the health or life of the cow endangered. To avoid these mistakes, the cow3 should be taken into tho showyard aa early as possible ; the dry foods (except cake) must be scalded, aud allowed sufficient time to swell, and onl3 be given in Bmall quantities, great care being taken that tho cows are Allowed ample time to chew their cud between each focd. A little bay or clialf fed with the meal assists rumination. Water ought to be given at frequent intervals, and rock salt placed within reach of the animals. Upon calf bearing, IV. C. Rockwood writes: "Any one who has had much experi ence in raisiug calves has undoubtedly seen a vast difference in them. Some are duinty and need coaxing in order to get them to eat. -They never seein. to be hungry. If these calvoa live th 03 do not amount to much, and not in frequently they mope around with 110 appetite, until finally they give up the ghost entirely. Tho other and more desirable kind of calf is always hungry. No matter how often you go it ia always looking for something to eat, always trying to catch hold of 3our clothing or Jteur finger. Unless one is exceptionally wise, this calf is apt to get an overfeeding of inilk, on account of her vigorous appetite, and bowe troubles ensue. I've got just feuch «tuia 0 theso calves at present, aud itrequirccoiwi er able firmness to prevent thein getting me'® milk than is good or them. They seemed so hungry when very little that the cudoiiia amount o£ milk was increased for their bene t, but it was mistaken kindness, for cxcey , looseness of the bowels set in, which nee 1R to chock. We succeeded in bringing thcin o all right, however, on boiled milk in euun quantities and raw eggs. I would like « 'n what is considered to be the best reme - scours, caused, of course, by indigestion, u duo to over feeding. It ia quite a nice in to decide, just the amount of mil « L young calf. Wo use tin buckets bedding 8 quarts ettcli for feeding, and intend about 2 quarts at a time ; when t th ey learned to drink alone, increase i gradually, as they con bear it, ver c » moro injurious than under feeding, and the most important thing is to avoi much milk at a time. Those Shorthorns are most apt to err in » little jerseys. Good sweet hoy a 10 - as soon ns the animal will pie aD ground oata and bran, in small q«an be fed to good advantage almost from first." 