[?] A LIVE STORY. BOOK I. That Mysterious Letter, — Gor don's Lost Wife. CHAPTER. IV. A BAFFLED CHIEF. ST. CECILIA. PIN kerton's MAN. THREE LETTERS* MR JENKS, OF CALIFIlR IA. A SDR PRISE IRENE HOPE'S PERIL. THE BURNED EVIDENCE. THAT JANI TORS BOY. A TELL TALE 6LOVE. LOVE S MAGIC WAND. 'When! reached the room, tbe heat had burst the door open. The table, hangings, and loose articles were in a blaze, I wos paralyzed with fear ' Thank God 1 you were nut hurt, Irene!' tbelioldier cried, 'I don't mind my own loss,' Gordon moaned, 'but those fatal papers are gona forever ! I have -the copies'! Alas ! they are almost useless now. We most be silent .n the matter ! It is our secret, is it not ?' Gordon, taking the girl's slender hand in bio, gazed tenderly in her oyes as she softly said : 'Ybb! It is a sad story. I am so Bony for your loss ! It yon had only taken them with yon.' i l Qordon dared not write to Orton the facts of tha untimely acoident, 'He nay yet get on tho right trail. I won t disconrago : him. But how would ho face Jenks, the watohful? All the valuable olues were gone forever 1' Gordon was irritated almost to madness. ' I care not for anything but the lost letters, Irene!' he 'said, unfolding to her his sorrows. I shall feel that my care lessness has made the deteotion of the guilty one almost impossible ! Poor Keill shall .not, must not go una venged.' . . ' They were alone ! His bitter words , startled- the .girl. She laid ^ her hand softly on his arm, 'Dismiss this brooding over your loss ! Let the dead rest !' Her eyes weie filled pith a strabge fire. ' This owfnl thing comes between ns always !' she ? mur mured. ' Yon will soon go away ; I ?m not willing to obBre these glocmy eaorets further.' ?' I will; let the de^d rest, bnt I swear to follow the living, to tbe death, but I must not speak of this to you again Irene,' cried the officer in remorse for his thonghie^sness. In vain he spoke, for tbe girl, her eyes filling with sudden tears, had hastily left the room. When Jack saw his idol again, it was at the famiiy table. Her demeanor was unruffled, but in her eyes was an unspoken reproach which haun ted Gordon. ' I will, try and bring her happiness, please God ! I will make her mine yet t' he thought. And so on to wards, the unread future these two hearts drifted, side by side, on the stream of Life. . ' Mr. Horace Jenks ! Sab!' Jackson announced, as Gordon finished his now somewhat decorative toilet, next day. The soldier was in high good humor. He airily waved a kisii to the picture of Irene which, by her generosity, re placed . the one burned in his room. Gordon's den was necessarily changed ?while ' the rehabliation of the mansion went slowly- on. A ground-floor suite was the present ' New Headquarters of . the Army of Occupation.' Jack was delighted with the move. Irene Hope's adjoining music-rooms not only enabled him to hear bor voice now so dear to him, lifted in soaring melody, but he heard even the faintest rustle of her robeB as she moved, a resultant of Diana and- .Yeflus, mind and matter most 'charmingly combined. There.was a light of triumph in the ' gambler's eye. — In deference to Gordon he affeoted a cbeerfuliy sombre toilet, giving him an air of unusual elegance. ? 'Pretty girl, by Jove, ' be murmered, as he noticed Irene's picture, ' Is she sing ing now?' The politeness of Jenks' profession forbade query on his part. ' Lieutenant,' said Jehks, 'I am on the eye of departure. I have something for you, which is an unexpected treasure in this case. ' Look at that,!'. He laid on the table a woman's glove; blaok kid, and of a ontand delicacy inviting an ideal sentiment. Jack twirled it in his fingers. There was a faint suggestion of of a recondite perfame. ' Well, Mr. Jenks, he said with some impatience, throwing down tbe glove. He felt a certain uneasy re eistenco to the inexhorable ' Horace JenkB.' The gambler calmly procoeded : 'You ?ea that glove 7 ' Gordon nodded. ' Well, the woman who wore that glove killed Neiljj.' There was a crash in the adjoining room, where MisB Irene was closing her vooal exercises. ' What a face said Jenks gazing at tbe pioture. ' It is the singer, suroly.' 'Excuse me for a moment.' said Jack. Gordon's tete-a tete was limited to a poop at a smiling face. I «? All my music fell down. Don't Bpind, Mr. Gordon, I will pick it up. Kay, I insist.' and Jack returned to his energetic collegue, ' Now, Lieutenant,' said Jenks reso lutely, ' I have found the porson who ran the elevator, tho night thatNeill was killed,-— Tbe 'lady in the case, did not nse tbe lift but she tripped daintily np stairs and down as if on a joyous errand. She was a cool hand. Gordon heart was beating quickly ?'How do you know,' ho said. Jenks calmly offered Gosdon a cigar. All right tho gambler queried San Francisco. Good cigars — none here — (try one.' ' Go on,' cried Gordon. took tbe janitor's boy to the circuS, all boys like tbe circus. Same thing Just as I said. The old man was full tbe night of the killing. Tho boy was running the elevator. He is a bright lad. He saw no one go up.' Jenks punsed; 'bnt he did see a tall baautiful woman in blaok come down. He tbongdt she was 4 ghost ; a lively one.' Jenks stoutly ejaculated. — Anxious for a tip he run ont. On the'anding be found this black jj'ovp. Ho kept quiet for fear his fa herwo'ild be ' dismissed for lounging in a saloon ? [To be Continued.! 