[?] JIM BURROWS' PABTNE i or, the "mad tramp" ako the lost el dorado. A STORY OF NORTH- WEST CANADA. By ROBERT L. JEFFERSON. Author of "Gold Mining in Siburia,"' etc. Jim Burrows eame into en nip one lr.orniug almost at a run. He displayed more alacrity than any inhabitant liad discovered in him since he first lauded 011 the goldiiclds two years back. He Uinde straight for the saloon, shouting as lie went, and the diggers who were just then on their way to the claims paused and looked back inquiringly; hesitated — certainly they did— and why not, for Jim Burrows had never been known so excited before? He shouted, and lils shouts bore an invitation which knew no refusal. It was an invitation which Jim had only given out once be- fore, and that was two years before, and the invitat ion was precisely sitniiai —it was an invitalion to a driuk. "Blaine me," said Bill Crossley, "hut I believe he's struck it! But Where's liis pardnerV "Looking after t lie claim— what do you think?" said Jake Morgan. "Struck it rich, of course he has. Don't they all behave like this when they strike it?" and they crowded into the saloon, and Jim Burrows paid like the man he was. He sat on the bar and told them the tal but lie winked and nodded, and not a word could they gather as to where it was. He knew it, ho said, and his partner was looking after it. He had just come down for tucker, and then off again; and when he'd got his papers, then he'd just invite the boys up and show tlieui the spot. He was not un grateful, not lie, and lie was just going to do the tiling right and proper and square; but lie was not going to have any jumping, not he. lie knew his game, although lie'd only been two years at it, and now he'd struck it he meant to go right through. I watched Jim Burrows interestedly, for of all men who liad come down to Jacksonville, he was the last I expected to have luck. Luck is an element on all goldiiclds. Some men come in to-day and may lie rich to-morrow. The pio neers are the losers as a rule. Jim Bur rows was a pioneer. He had discovered the region, and like a. good many other discoverers, was none the better for it. He had worked as a washer for those who came after him, and though now and again he whs wont to go off on his own account, it seemed lliat luck was not to he his again, for he always re turned more morose, more gloomy than ever. Some of thorn pitied him, others despised him; but why the latter i could never tell, unless it is that in hu man nature there is only reverence for the prosperous and contempt for the poor. Anyway, we all drank Jim Burrows whisky, wished him Hie best of luck, en vied him, and went off to our own claims. Days passed, and Jim was ab sent. ne liad been down Ihe river to the office, he said, when he returned. He liad got his papers, and now he would show 11s wlicre. it was. Up over tlie mountains, beyond a. creek, and down in a narrow gulcli was Jim Bur rows' claim, and a big piece he had par celled out, of a solemn Iruth, and ex perienced miners shook their heads and said there was no color left for anyone else. It was only a. little twig of a stroam, not a quarter of a mile long, and little wider than a ditch, and Jim and his partner bad been careful enough to leave only ihe wash for those who liked to follow. But we could not grumble, and filed back to the settlement, a lot of us hop ing that Jim's pan would turn out all right, and a good many, with that per versity of human nature strong in them, half hoping to see him fail. Day followed day, and .Tim and hta partner, Grogan— the latter an Irishman of the most Hibernian type— were ab sent; but one day Grogan turned op with one of the longest ana strangeal tales we had heard for a long time. Ha came into the village Inquiring righi and left where Jim Burrows was. Shure, and he'd left him three days pre viously, and never a sight of him had he seen since. Bednd, and it was too bad of him to leave him up there working alone. Color! It was more than they could carry. Every pan was worth thirty dollars, and he supposed Jim had gone off on a spree — had luck to him! But Jim was not in the village, nor had anybody seen hini.and Grogan was distressed. Nor did Jim appear for five days, or at all, and during those five a ays Grogan remained in camp, drink- tog pretty heavily, and reviling his part ner for his absence. Of course, we all uiade various sur mises as to the cause of Jim's disappcav- icc, and all were equally plausible. here was only one thing for it, how ever. and that was pending his return Grogan should go on with the claim. And he did. lie worked almost night and dav, and when the sheriff came down from the town prepared to escort the bag hack, it was freely calculated that Grogan was -worth a hundred thou sand dollars, and the claim not yet a quarter worked out. Speculation rose as to what had lie- come of Jim Burrows, and it was freely hinted that Grogan knew more than lie eared to tell. One night a few of us "went up to the claim (stealthily, it is true), and Grogai: did not know we were coming.- We- had not disturbed him, either, and when we saw him lying full length before his tent, his face covered with mosquitoes, and the log fire before him playing its light on his body, we just passed by, and searched amongst the diggings, for it had occurred to us that wo might find the body of.Tim Bur rows lying around. But we didn't, and we sneaked hack to the village a.s mys tified as ever. The whole summer passed and the winter came down. Gra- duallv the noise about Jim grew less. He'd fallen over the gulch, perhaps, and had been carried into the big river. Any way, lie was not the first man who had disappeared suddenly, and, pending evi dence, the only tiling to do was to do nothing — which i.s an expression which Grogan himself might have used. 4 I was hack in England. I had failed. You only hear of the successful gold- minors; you don't hear much of the failures. 1 had spent my little all, and had returned to my native country— not with hopes shattered, as novelists would say, hut just keen on resuming my old occupation, and thinking that in that work, at any rate, there was a living, ana perhaps it would he more congenial in London than with the mosquitoes of North-Western Canada and its cold. It was not a very ambitious programme which 1 had mapped out for myself. Cab-driving, at the best of times, is not the sort of thing which most men would yearn for, although tlie box of a bon go m is frequently occupied by men who onee knew some social standing. But there is something about the life which gives a. fillip to existence, and eveu when it was hard to make the yard mouey. I never felt quite so down as when' I was struggling— vainly strug gling—for a sight of yellow amongst the sand of my digger's pan. Gradually, but all too surely, amidst the whirl o'f London life the memory of my experiences in Canada receded and became duller; but all were brought back 1o me of a sudden oue day, and that was when I was crawling along the gutter of Piccadilly, eyes all around me —if such could be the case— ou the chance of a fare. It was a dull, misty night in November; the streets were al most deserted, and I was about flicking up my tired horse, so as to get to Pic cadilly Circus, when I heard Hie hail from a club quite close, aud weut to it like a shot. A tall, bearded man, well dressed, got into the call and gave me directions to drive to Euslon station. I at once whipped up, and was soon bowling through the side streets, but as I went thoughts began to run rapidly through my head. Where had I seen the man inside before V — and 1 had just turned into the Tottenham Court road, when like a flash it all come upou me, and 1 knew my fare was Grogan. The first thing that I did was to pull up, the next to get off the box, the third to tear open tiie doors and to shout out: "Why, Grogan, don't you know me':" I had expected him to start forward, seize my hand and shake it, and say, 'Well, I'm blessed! Fancy seeing you here!' But he did nothing of the sort. He simply stared hard at me, and said: "What in the name of Heaven do you call ibis? Are you drunk? My name's not Grogan. Get ou to Euston !" I was knocked back, as you might say, for I saw I had made a mistake. I apologised as well as I could, got up on my box again, and in a few minutes was saying. "Thank'ee" for the half- crown which my fare handed me. Though it was not Grogan, yet during the rest of that night I could think of nothing but him. It was certainly a remarkable likeness, anyway, and the more I thought the more vividly came back my memory of the times in the goldfield, and Jim Burrows aud his claim, and of Grogan and his partner. Days passed, and the little incident be gan to have less interest for me. But one day, perhaps a week later, I was driving near the Marble Arch, when who should I see but my fare walking along towards the gates. 1 looked at him intently, and now I felt sure that I had made no mistake. I whipped off the box, caught hold of a newspaper boy, told him to look after my horse's head, and the next moment had turned and followed the man. I reached him in a few strides, passed him, faced about and looked him square. Yes, it was ho— there was no mistaking him this time. It was Grogan, and as I looked at him I saw his face turn pale and his jaw drop. "Come, Grogan," said I. "it's you after ail. Well I supjiose that now you are a rich man. you have forgotten your old companions of the diggings— eh?" He gasped, and I saw Lim turn as if alxitti vo run. bin I caught ids arm and held him. He looked around hurriedly. "What do you waut with me?" he said In thick tones. "Shure, and what do you want to talk to me about diggings for?" His eye.ran rapidly over my cos tume, and lighted ou the metal badge which dangled from my buttonhole. "Ah. yes," he said, "I remember. You have your call here?" 1 jerked my thumb over my shoulder. "You will drive me to my club?" I nodded. "And," said lie, "I will tell you all." I said no more, and in a few minutes I was driving my old companion of the mines to his club. "You will come inside?" said Grogan, when lie had alighted. "J can't leave the cab," said I; "but" — and I looked him squarely in the face— "I will take it to the yard, and will join you in ten minutes." And I did, and in a quarter of an hour or less was seated with Grogan in a private room, aud listening to one of the most outlandish stories that, over I had heard. Grogan started elf by remind ing me of tlie disappearance of Jim Bur rows from tlie settlement. "Aud," continued lie, "I know very well that some of the boys thought that I had liad a hand iu his disappearance. Let me tell you straight now that there was no-thing of that sort of thing. Jim was gone one morning when I woke up, and I thought that he had gone down to the village. "What else could I think of? I waited two days for him, as you know, and lie didn't turn up. I came down to tlie village, and lie wasn't there. "Where was he? Nobody could tell me. I went hack to the claim and I worked it. I worked it for nine months, and you left, I think, just before I did— just before I sold the property and came to England. But let me toil you what I did. I made one hundred and fifty lliousand pounds out of that c-'ftim. and my first action when I got. to England was to put seventy-five thou sand pounds aside." "What for?" I interrupted. "For Jim Burrows, aud 1 will tell you why. Because exactly one year to the very day on which Jim Burrows left me, I saw him come straight into my room, sit down before me, and talk to me just as ho did on the night lie left me. Terrified? Shure, and I was that, for I thought it was a ghoft before me. Jim spoke to me, asked me about, the claim, and llien iio spoke up, and told me that half belonged to him. and J said yes, it did. 'And you will keen it for me?' said Jim; and I promised him I would. Promised liiin, I say; but it was a ghost I was speaking to. I know it was a ghost, for I could see through him; and though I heard his voice, it seemed to come to me from the air, and not from human lips. When I went over to liim to see whether I was right or not, Jim Burrows had vanished. "Now, you will laugh at me, perhaps, and think that I have been brooding over Jim's disappearance so much that my brain has gone a bit; but exactly one year from that very night I was in Paris. I was walking down the Champs Elysecs. when suddenly 1 found some one walking beside me, aud heard a voice in my ear. It was the voice of Jim Burrows. YTou have not forgot ten," said he. "that half that, claim is mine? You will keep it for me, won't you, old man?' 'I will keep it for you,' I said; and then we got into a crowd, aud I saw no more of him. That very night, when I got home, I drew out my cheque-book, and 1 wrote out a cheque, payable to the order of James Burrows, for seventy-live thousand pounds, and, see here;" and Grogan pulled out his pocket-book and extracted from it a slip of paper, which he handed to me. It was a. cheque made payable to the order of James Burrows for the sum of seventy-five thousand pounds. "When he will come for. it, God knows. I have tried every means in my power to find oiit something about him, who liis people are, but I can't. Over in Canada, every commissioner, every sheriff on tlie diggings has got my ad dress, and if Jim Burrows comes back — well, there's his money." This was, indeed, a peculiar talc, but more was to follow; and here I put it on record that Grogan acted towards me like the gentleman I did not think he was. Seventy-five thousand pounds is not a heap of money in these days of millionaires; but Grogan had invested his well, and was in business, and I threw up my cabbing and went in with liiin, and I changed my opinion, of him right away. About six months passed, and the mouth of June arrived. Grogan came into the office on the morning of the sixth day, and asked me to follow him. I went into his private room, and we sat down. The door was closed, and then Grogan spoke : "Do you know what the 6th of June is?" asked he. "The Cth of June," I replied. "And do you know what the 6th of June was four years ago?" I pondered for a moment, and then re membered. "Yes, the day when Jim Burrows dis appeared." "That's why I, have called you iu," said he, "because I feel as certain as I am silting here that " There was a knock at the door, and in answer to tlie peremptory "Come in," a clerk appeared. "A geutlemau to see you, sir." "I am too busy to see any one," said Grogan. "But stay— who is he?" "He will not give his name, sir. He wants to see you on private business." Grogan looked up, and his gaze was fixed on me. "Can it be?" he muttered and then' turning to the clerk, said, in a loud ! voice, "Show him in;" and the next ; moment there walked into our presence \ Jim Burrows in the ilesh — no ghost; and as he caine I saw no shiver or start on the face of Grogan. I simply saw liiin take out his pocket-book, extract tlie cheque, and while Jim Burrows was holding out his hand aud saying, "Shake, old pardner," Grogan shook his hand, and between them tliey clasped a cheque for seventy - five thousand pounds. "What's this?" said Jim, "Your share of the claim. Jim." "What! the claim up in Canada?" "Yes — seventy-five thousand pounds. We cleared a hundred and fifty thou sand out of it. We went in partners, and there is your share." Jim looked bewildered, and ran 'his fingers through his hair. "I don't understand," lie said, "what it all mc-aus. 1 deserted you because — do you know why. Grogan?— I found a claim better than ours, aud I went up over the hills to work it. I deserted you because 1 had found another El Dorado, and I didn't want, yon to share in it; but "I went there without food, and though I worked and worked, what could the color bring me? Only tiie sight of wealth, hut not a speck of food. For three days I worked like a madman, digging out great nuggets of Use stuff and lying them arouud. Then I really went mad — mad with hunger, and 1 wandered off south trying to find y ou tvying to find the village; aud I remem ber no more until a few weeks ago, when I found myself in a madhouse iu San Francisco, aud they told me that I was known as the mad tramp, who had walked all over the States, and who had come to San Francisco. "They locked me up, and there I re mained all those years, until my reason came back and I remembered all. What did 1 do? Straight hack to Canada I went, to find our old village deserted, the claims exhausted, everyliorty gone. Then I thought of tlie El IJorado I had discovered, and which I iiad descried you for. I got up a caravan and went to search for it, and though I searched for it day iu and day nut I could not get a sight of it, for I had forgotten where it was. And 1 came south again, and as luck would have it, I came on a mining camp, and they told me all about you aud where I should ibid you. I came straight here to a.sk your forgive ness for deserting yon as 1 did, and this— this"— lie looked at the cheque, and I saw his eves were swimming with tears— "tills is what you do!'"— "Weekly Budget." 