HE WAS HAUNTED. Fifihnr'a ghost has been laid! to tho re- grot of those who have chorishod him for winter story for the fireside. Ho is no longer boliored to sit on top of a tbroo- railod fonoe as. a plue to tho discovery of his bones in a stagnant pool. ' But there is a man in tho Glebe, Sydney, who was haunted by a spnetro whioh never left him. It waB with him as he sat all day monding shoos, and in the dark and silent watches of tho night it oluug to him, and ho began to look upon it as a fearful part of himself until his time came to enter the epirit land. It was a grim and horrible experience, and all his days aud nights wero spout in trying to solvotho onigma of its prosenco, and the way that bo could lay it, as they had laid Fisher's ghost. Tho worst of the matter was that it was invisible to all but him self ; ho was worse than haunted, it tor tured him, for this spoctro loved to give him pain. _ At length tho means wero givon to him to froe himsolf of this hate ful presence, and ho describes his last fight with it to our representative who waited upon him at 86 Bridge-Road, Glebo.-— " For the past eight years," said Mr. William Burke, shoomakor, " I havo ondurod vory.muoh from oonstipation and pilos ; no modicino seomod to do mo pood.- at nlghfc i could not sleep, and by day I was too drowsy to do my work. Nothing I took could freo mo from pain, until I tried Br. Morse's Indian -Root Pills, and now lean say that they aro tho best reinody I havo ovor known, as thoy do not gripe or weaken, and yet thoy do all that is said of them. I am a bottor man to-day than I have been tor yoars. It iu u grand cure. Thoy havo given health aud spirits to thousands who with out tbom would havo boon in their graves. Females who value their health should neyor be without them. It is ad mitted by physicians that fomaleB oannot They aro a positive ouro tor nervous hoadaohe, sick hoadncho. biliousnoss, in- riiiyA(if.inn> dvsnonsift. nnnaf.tnnf.tnn lioav complaint, kidney and female troubles Sold by all ehomists and storekeepers, Price Is 1 Jd per bottle, or Bix bottlos for 6s. If unablo 'o procure where you ro- side, write to the W. H. Gomstook Go., Ltd,, 58 Pitt-street Sydnoy, who will forward same ou rooeipt of prioo. 