CONFEDERATION OF THE ENGLISH-SPEAKING : RACES, Rapid Advancement in this Growing Political Project. SPEECHES IN ITS FAVOUR. By English Statesmen and Cabinet Ministers. The Continental Press Incensed at .the Pro spects of America Being Asked to Join the English-speaking Union. Lord Salisbury's and Mr. Chamberlain's rocent speeches in favour of resisting much recent hostile Continental recogni tion and review of the benefits to alien nations of the "strict isolation" of the British Bmpire-r-Mr. Chamberlain advo cates a union of the " Stars and Stripes " ' with the "Union Jack " and all Bnglish- speaking nations ; and finally questions and slights the loyalty of Russia, which in case of Russia in alliance with Bug- land no other -Power could, he says.be got to guarantee Russia's fidelity on the field of battle— A few colonial remarks on the situation from colonial standpoints, j In the opening article of these observations we made sanguine anticipations of the im pending approach of the confederation of the English-speaking race. The public affirma tion of it was' woifderfully immediate. On the very day succeeding the publication of our article the cables recorded the fact that Lord Salisbury and Mr. Chamberlain spoke in no unmeaning strain of the strides which the English-speaking junction was making all over the world. What was more to the point, both statesmen made advances in the cause by- references to the fact that England was alive and awake, and Inferred that they intended to make instant upheavals of Bri tish isolation. This, we may claim, was a somewhat forcible and convincing, though, perhaps, accidental, re-echo of the appeal Which we desired to see made at so oppor tune a time to the Australasian public on so great and benign a cause. The contemporaneousness of the public re ferences showed that the colonial populaces, as well as the British Cabinet, are prepared to recognise the necessity for active agitation and Immediate legislation, exactly in order to prudently and sagaciously counteract the "policy. of British, isolation-" What the Bri tish" Government are ready' to propose in the way of cemenkive legislation with the Ameri can Government. and with other allies, these colonies are also ready to give in re- affirmative and loyal response to Britain's appeal. . We recognise that British isolation has been too long the bane and the bug bear obstructing the Empire's advance, and recognising also the Empire's actual pitch of supremacy Australian aid can be relied upon in weaving what is to be the one great pacific Congress of the world that, has at the . same time the dominance over every possible war and outbreak of war. By this reading, which is writ alike in every English-speaking community on the world's broad span, the mother country is probably awaking to the fact that she has long kept from her alliance those nations, tributaries, and kindred powers who have every dispo sition to be her friends and partners in a movement for the greatest promotion of the greatest peace; and every qualification to ren der Great Britain the one effective grasp and clasp that noble nation needs to make her su preme cy every wliere recognisable, and hsr distinctive policy of peace, progress and pu rity everywhere readable and' decipherable. This policy — too long secreted when it was felt to exist in every quarter belonging in England, and in those desiring of. being In al liance with England — has at last had the swords .of the Empire's statesmen brought with minatory flourish upon the significant solitude of the situation. There are few In deed that will deny or contemn the necessity of making the arm of England, so strong that the machinations of many a monarchical myridon will find his pall in his own petard. International isolation has been the fault of England, not of the other , nations that speak . the same tongue in which has been taught the bulk of the lessons of freedom, righteousness, liberalism, and truth to the world at large;' and, therefore. Is It that the English lan guage is recognised, in whatever clime and under whatever government, as the nursery of a national intelligence, and the average subject's subscription to the chart of natural justice. Wherever the dialeot is spoken that has been builded up of, and compounded from, the multiple . and manly tribes and breeds that formed the British alncesfcry (that, on their part, formed the English tongue), the great bulk. of these are undoubtedly willing to join in the confederation of the English- speaking races. There are, of course, a num ber of foreign-bred, : but locally reared, and others, who willingly nationalise and throw in their lot with the. rest as things are at present; but matters will be more roseate in their racial elevation and permanency un der the new and comprehensive scheme which will distinguish the bonded "all-Enff- innd-all" fraternity. There will be more finality and better seeds of nationality In the coming unidn; and: the man, woman and child who began of alien acreage will be glad to record himself and his heritage henceforth and for ever of the great English confederation. There are, unfortunately, a lot of unsocial and ulnfrlendly aliens In such conlunctions of colonies as constitute a) continent like Australia. Many of them never get within a spectre's shadow of anything more intel ligent or patriotic than the country that bred them, and they never inhale an Aus tralian or British breath of air. They are little before the savages; and they horde and huddle in such hugger-mugger fashion that the aroma and odour of their native soil is breathed all the time they remain in the colonies. All they are after Is Australian gold, and when they get it they gc home with. it. They are no. worth even the capitation' tax soma of them pay. ,The new confederation will do much in purging these pests and plagues, as it will result In new local laws that will deal with those who have no genuineness in their pretended absorption, in 'their new naturali sation and home. These include all the coloured aliens and other half-bred and thoroughly un-British who constitute sub jugated squads of solitary strangers. It is idle to talk of "Australia for Australians," so long as these piebald foreigners ' are raiding all the markets that yield the major and minor avenues of toil, and many otherwise industrious colonials are relegated far too much to the gaols, debtors' prisons, maintenance wards, poor-houseB, and vag rant pens, where the partial laws and alien competition have driven ninny of them who deserve better fates than the Syrians, Chi nese and Afghans (In some colonics) got ns their superior share to the white native-born. Criticism of the crisis which has so sud denly, but not so unexpectedly, arisen 1ms naturally fallen. In every direction, upon the Marquis of Salisbury, and Mr., Chamberlain. The speeches of these statesmen, who were not expected to make/the attacks they made, and i»: the direction their caustic comments travelled, have been the subjects of Conti nental criticism; and just as naturally the utterances have given English, American, and Australian satisfaction. Following Lord Salisbury's declaration that the gravity of the foreign outlook made it necessary for England to look facts fairly in the face — a Prime Minister's ultimatum, sinister enough to make more than one Emperor wince at the cool and cautious source from which it ema nated—Mr. Chamberlain's speech at Bir mingham very forcibly supplemented It, for the letter's speech was nothing less than a deadly fusllade of British protest against Continental ire of all things English. Eng land was liable to instant attack from a com bination of the Great Powers. The fear of a great war was hovering over them, like a thunderbolt and a complication of lightning flashes, and was inspiring common interest in trade, and >vhat seemed to him necessity for complete and mutual defence. In connection with the common interest In trade, this is a matter which requires instan taneous criticism from conscientious colonial obstructionists, and, as standing diametri cally in the way of the English-speaking unity. It is only a hindrance to any such beatified conjunction. Reciprocity must grow as international intercourses get holds, and severally and prudently blossom. If the channel -of commerce, and the tide of trade- will not run exactly as the turn of the tongues run, it is useless forcing either of them statutorily, by the force of higher au thority,, which rules, as "Imperial," or by any other agency than tne impulses of natural trade; and this is just what inter venes between the , -proposed confederation and what the confederation is being promot ed entirely and absolutely for. The crimes of Shyiock and- the feuds for gold must go. The pacific and acute exercise' of arguments between the nations so keenly interested In the successful carriage of war, and the scientific vitalisation of peace, may be trust ed by the members of the union to discuss and deolde- alb the. matters of, trade ajtd com merce, citiite" apart " from all matters of war. And incidentally the silverlte ques tion, which has not yet touched the fringes of colonial commerce, is sure to be interpo lated into this great federal question. The Indian Mint will return a 9d reduction from the average official registration; the conces sion of America Is 6d; the throwing open the " Australian mints, lOd; and England will do' about the rest by the abolition of the gold half-sovereign, and substitution of the ten- shilling note for silver coinage. Apart from this silverlte question, which may Intrude for better or worse, this confederation, which is not based on any of the externals of meretrl- ciousness and mercenary considerations, has to deal only with the suppression of all that raises the knife against British llosh and blood, and all descended therefrom or natu ralising therewith. For the present, us far as this some-time-to-be-great-and-cnnobled Australia is concerned, every other thing must -be excluded from tlie charter of the great English-evolving confederation but bonded belligerency, and all matters of rates and taxes, except those pertaining to the con duct of war and general martial disposition, confined to the various countries' choices as» between their individual mercantile selves— and this Is an intimation that may be well practically conveyed to Mr. Chamberlain, as one of the "hard and fast" conditions that goes from Australia, "hand and glove" with the Australian "metes' and bonds" ' in the covenant and charter' binding the English- speaking union. The next fulmination that fell from Mr.- Chamberlain's, lips was encrusted with dam nation to Germany and Russia, but animat- ed with affection for their Atlantic ksmen, the owners and occupants of the Jnited States. From his senatorial lips fell more Ire than Russia ever got from a political critic before, except Mr. Labou- . chere's once-famous and unprosecuted at tack, and the English articles for which Herr Most, a Russian nihilist, but English journalist,, and London resident, received 10 months' hard labour from a British judge and jury for a breach' of the law regulating i the comity of- nations, and the Muscovite 1 Czar's peace of mind. ' Mr. Chamberlain, in .his long-bottled-up, but yet authentic brand of International vitriol, which he threw over Russia, wanted to know if the Russians sought an Anglo-Russian alliance, with freedom and delight, what nation or identity would- guarantee to Great Britain that Rus sia would act loyally to her on what we suppose he meant to include as even the eve .of battle? . ,And when the long, straight . line between' the' Russian-Siberian border and' Its Intended destination comes to investiga tion, Mr. Chamberlain's suspicions may be found to have much maintenance. The Asiatic railway that passes straight from, metaphorically, the Great Russian " Bear's tail to a spot in the territory of the wily Ameer of Afghanistan (whose wily affections for, and reiterated apologies to, England, are Russo-coerced, Russia-bronzed, ' and Russo-lndlted) is the deadly step to Rus sia's next Czar's seizure of India, unless he and the Ameer of Afghanistan are brought early to book. True it is that practically there has been no Czar for a generation past, only a shadow and a spectre. The shadow is the bureaucracy's crowned and armoured au tomaton, and the spectre is the mechanical and active ghost of "Peter the Great," which haunts all Russia, and at the same time, so does the living and effective record of "Peter the Great's" gory will; and until England does join America In an alliance of the two Anglo-Saxon States, such as Mr. Chamber lain enjoined, the dead Emperor's ghost and residuary record will remain the terror of England's claim to peacefully retain the In dian Empire— and If ever India goes Austra lia goes next. Therefore, it is that Australia remembers this, and almost to a man she will join the English-speaking union as soon as she is asked. She has sense enough to know how to take this sort of necessitous opportunity and gory time by the forelock. And as she notes that. Mr. Chamberlain suggests as an effective embrace "the Stars and Stripe3" and the "Union Jack" waving together over an Anglo-Saxon alliance, she sensibly concludes that In this Anglo-Saxon junction it Is well to note, as reported, that the proposal Is lar gely acceptable to the American people; also, that the- third factor In the newly-moulded constitution has every right to be the "SOUTHERN CROSS," in the shape of the. nascent nation and grow ing continental power — Australia, whom may God preserve in her pristine, pioneer and con tinental vigour when kings, queens, emper ors, earls, dukes, governor- generals, and the like will be superseded by a Council of Ten, which will be elected by the people, and be the only Australian Parliament, the supple mentary subsidy In the shlre-governments be ing beneficial local government bills, for which New South Wales has for 20 years been as "Rachel mourning for their children when they were not." And high up will the Aus tralian be as an "Anglicanus primus," as With high pride, and patriotism he carols — "For a glorious charter, deny it who can) Is breathed in the words 'I'm an English man!'" ' " 