THE MILLIONAIRE'S BRIDE, f COMPLETE IS TBIS ISSUE-] By JOHN K. LEYS. * [OOPTMOnT.J / T 18 pnneces ? mkt for .me to detail the ciroumstan - ). cci under 'j which I he f came confi I, \ dential clerk and assis tant to my old schoolfel low, ' Ludovio Steyne, solici tor. The fol lowing is an account of a remarkable case which oc cupied us for some time — one of , the -'most remarkable, 1 venture to think', that' was ever brought to a solicitor's office. \--?.One morning, while Steyne was from home, a card was brought to inc bearing the name : \- ALLAN F. CORBETT. I knew that an American millionaire callei \- Corbett was then residing in Lmdon ; and it ocourred to mo that this might be the same man. It turned out that I was right. 'Show him in,' said I; and the next moment a young man not yet thirty, with fair hair, a pleasant but rather weak face, and a dispirited air, entered the room. ' ' When will Mr. Steyne be back ?' was the first thing ho Baid. 'To-night or to- morrow morning,' Ire plied.. ' Perhaps you would rather wait and see him.' . He hesitated, and I asked him to sit down. ' Or, if you prefer to state your caso to me, * I will report to him this evening,' I added. 'Perhaps that would be best,' he said, wearily resting his head upon his hand, ' 1 feel as if I wanted to confide in somebody right away. I am sick of keeping tho affair to myself. It weighs on my mind.' Of oourse I tnld him that I was entirely at Jiis service ; and he proceeded — ' Perhaps you may have heard that I have a large pile of dollars. My father left about . ten million dollars, and most of them came to mo when he died. I suppose that is tho reason the scoundrels have gone for me.' ' What scoundrels P' . 'Thai's just what I want to find out. Every Monday morning for tho last six weeks I have received a threatening letter. They were all typewritten, posted in London. I burned them as soon as I got them — all but . the last — and tried to forget them. But I can't get the thing out of my mind. The fact is, it's getting on my nerves.' ' You have tho last of these letters with you P' ' Hero it is. The rest wore all to the samo ..effect.' Ho produced a letter, written on an ordi nary sheet of typewriting paper, from his breast pocket, ana handed it to me. It ran as follows : — . ('Sir, — I beg to inform you that a disaster, more awful and heartrending than you can easily imagine, is now about to fall on you. . There is but one way by whioh this calamity can be averted. You muBt immediately remit , to Now York tho sum of one hundred thou sand dollars (£20,000), and place it to the credit of the account of Thomas Sinolair, at Sullivan's Bank, in Ninety-seventh street. This offer .will remain open for fourteen days only. If before the oxpiretion of that time \- the money is not forwarded, no power on earth can prevent the terrible misfortune above predicted falling upon you ; and to the end of your days you will regret that you ? . refused to be warned in time. — Your well wisher, ' A. SnoioNDS.' ' 'But since nothing has happened in spite of your disregard of the previous warnings,' ?.. said Inputting tho letter oarefully ' into a drawer, ' perhaps no harm is really meant.' ' I was given eight weeks to hand over the money in,'; nnswered the young man gloomily, ' then sevon, then six. Now, you see, the time is reduced to two.' ' Can you think of nny special reaeon why that period should bo fixed P' ? ' Unfortunately I can. I am to be married in exuotly two weeks' time.' ? 'Ah!'' 'Yes;JIam ongaged toJMiss Marobmont, a daughter of the late General Sir Edward 'Marohmont, and thut brings me to another point that may be worth mentioning. Lady Marohmont lives at Luoknow House, Wimble don. It is in a lonely situation ; and Lady ' Marohmont, who is of rather a timid disposi tion, has been alarmed by the report that doubtful looking oharaoters ' have been seen hanging about the neighbourhood. She applied to the police, and received a oivil note to say that there seemed to be no special cause for alarm, but that the local constables had been instructed to keep an eye on the house, and warn all tramps and suspicious looking peoplo off tho premises.' This was ull Mr. Corbett had to tell mo ; and as there was no necessity for imrapdiato action, 1 told our now client thut I would repeat his story to Mr. Steyne as soon as ? -he came back, and arrange for another inter view. Mr. Stoyr.c returned that night ; and I at once placed before him. a preois of the fuots I -have here eet down, along with the tlireatcn ? ing letter. Steyne read thorn in silence. ' Send a wire to Mr. Corbett asking him to call at ten to-morrow morning,' was all ho said when ho had perused them. At ten noxt day Mr. Corbett made his appearanco, accompunicd by Colonel Marcli inont, an uncle of the bride oleot. Ho wus a tall, upright, fresh-coloured man, a soldier overy inch of him ; and I guessed that ho could bo self-opinionated and obstinate to u degree. ? 'I am afraid, Mr. Corbett,' said Steyne, plunging at once into the business, 'that yonrs is by no means an uncommon predica ment. Many attempts are inude to blackmail wealthy mon. And it seems to me that in these cases there are only two courses opon to thn person attacked— pay up, or fight the scoundrels to the death.' Fight them I ' cried tho colonel, twisting his long white moustache. Corbett looked as if ho wero not exaotly in* a fighting humour. ' It's not for myself that I mind,' he began nervously clearing his throat, 'though, of course, I would not know a moment's peace, thinking of whut those fellows might huve it in their heads to do to mo. It's Emily— I mean. Miss Mnrclimout — I'm thinking of. You read that infernal police inspector's . letter f' 'Yes,' unswered Steyne; 'but really I don't seo that Lady Marohmont has any particular oause for alarm.' . . 'That's what I tell her,' put in the i . colonel. 'But don't you think they may mean to strike at mo through Miss Marohmont ?' pursued tho young feilow, searching Steyne's inscrutable face with engor eyes. ' They speak of my marriage — no ; but they mention fourteen days. That is what thoy mean. They know that I would part with every dollar I possess rather thun that Emily should come to harm.' 'Allan! I seo what you are driving at!' shouted the colonel ; 'and I toll you you will forfeit every atom of respect 1 have for you if you givo in to tho demands of those rascals. And let mo toll you this — tho chances nro that if they bleed you onco they will bleed you nguiu, till thoy reach your bottor« dollar. Is it not so, Mr. Steyne !-' Steyno gravely assented. ?? ^ 'Then you agree with me that it is best to ? defy them— tlirow their outrageous letters into tho fire, and forget it t' ' I don't say that exactly,' said my chief, slowly. '1 think that every precaution should bo taken to ensure your safety, and Miss Marchmout's— though there sceins to bo_ no evidenco that she is specially aimed at. T fear those rogues mean business ; and I will tell yon why. I know this Sullivan of Now York, their banker, who is to not, practically, as thoir fonco. Ho is ono of the greatest rogues unhung. But the gang who _aro trying to blackmail you must have capital, since lie is their enshior. Keep indoors, and don't go unattended, and lot Mies Marohmont do tho same.' ' But wo can't keep up that nil our lives !' cried Corbett, impatiently. 'Don't yotl see that you are condemning us to livo almost like tho Czar ? 'Would it not ho possiblo to lay some trap for those fellows, and catch them, and so got rid of them ? I would givo a thousand pounds this moment to foel sure that I needn't fear them any more. If any thing were to happen to Miss Marohmont I should go mad. Can't something be done, Mr. Steyne?' 'Not in tho way you mean. Thoy would answer no advertisement, you may bo sure ; and you sco tho monoy is to ho sent to America. All you can do is to be ready for them in case they try to carry out their threats. You carry a revolver?' ' I have done so lately. But I am not afraid for mysolf. How are we to get Miss Marohmont to shut herself up as yon sug gest ? I haven't told her of these threatening lottors, because she is so high-spirited that she would merely laugh at them. Lady Marohmont, now ? ' ' My sister-in-law would die of fright, I do beli'evo, if you were to tell her,' put in tho colonel. ' I think Miss Marohmont ought to know that you have been threatened,' Buid Steyne. 'If you like I will cull on hor, and try to impress upon her my opinion that the men who wrote these letters are not using mere empty threat*. Perhaps I could persuade her to take at least some ordinary precautions.' 'Thanks — I wish you would. But when we are married wo shall bo no batter off than we are now, ' ' said Corbott in a melancholy tone. 'I wish to goodness thoy would attack mo and do their best to murder mo. It would be such a relief to know that they had done their worst.' Ho wroto a lino on his card to introduce Steyne to his betrothed, and then tho millionaire and bis friend departed. It so happened that my employer was pre vented from going to Wimbledon that afternoon and I wus despatched in his stead. ^ I found Miss Murchmont und her sisters three charming and sensible girls. Their mother wus an invalid, and was for the most part confined to her own room. The house stood in a solitary part of tho country ; and it was not well proteoted, the household consisting of women servants and a page boy. I told tho three young ladies that Mr. Corbett had received a threatening letter — I did not Bay ho had received six — and was greatly, perhaps unduly, alarmed, being under un apprehension that danger threatened his bride ; and I suggested that to ensure bis peace of mind thoy should hire a manserraut, and that in particular she should never go out aloue. Miss Emily fell in with my sug gestions at once. I could Bee that she under stood und appreciated her lover's anxiety on her account, and that, like him, bcr thoughts were more in the future than in the present — that sbo dreaded more the effeot of a series of threats, kept up perhaps for years, upon hor betrothed, than any actual danger in the present. Our conversation did hot last very long, und I was going downstairs on my way out when I met, to my amazement, on tho stairs, the lady from whom I had just parted, Emily Marohmont hersolf. For a moment a super stitious dread mastered me. I stood stock still, gazing at the apparition — as it seemed to me— drawing slowly nearer. Then I saw my mistake.. Tho girl was not Emily Maroh mont. Close at hand the likeness was not so striking, hut at the distanco of a few feet it was positively startling. Tho girl's height, carriago, poise and Bhape of the head and cost of features seemed absolutely identical with thoBO of Miss Marehmnnt. Ere I reached the front door an idea struck me. I turned on my heel and slowly wont back to the drawing-room. ' Pardon me,' I said on re- entering the room, 'but I met just now on the stairs a girl who hears a singular resemblance to you, Miss Emily.' ' Isn't it odd ? ' oried the youngest Miss Marohmont. ' Everyone notices it.' ' But who is it P ' ' Only our maid, Forbes. We came aoross her once when we were staying at an hotel in Scarborough, and ongaged her because of her likeness to Emily, in order that we might get her to play in eome private theatricals we had on view where tho point of tho play was a mistaken identity. It Buoceoded splendidly. Everybody in the room thought that Forbes was Emily ; and in tho middle of her acting thn real Emily came in and confronted her. The people stared as if they had seen a ghost ; and the applause wus quite deafening.' 'Don't ohatter so, Dorothy,' said her' eldest sister; and she turned on me a look whioh seemed to ask me for an explanation of my conduct in returning. 'It has just occurred to me,' said I, ' that possibly we may be able' to make use of this occidental resemblance. Your great wish,' turning to Emily, 'is to do some thing whioh would put a final atop to this annoyance. Now it is my belief, and Mr. Corbett's as well, that the rascals who wrote the threatening letter mean to strike him, if they Btrike at all, through you. And by far the most likely plan for them to adopt would bo for them to try to abduct you, and hold you to ransom. Pray do not misunderstand me,' I added hnstily, for a scared look came into Miss Emily's faco. 'I do not for one moment suppose that they will mako tho attempt, muoh less do I imagiuo that thoy could succeed in carrying out any suoli crimo. But if thoy have nny serious plans underlying thoir threats, we may ho pretty sure that thoy tako tho form of carry ing you off by foroo or fraud, and holding you to ransom. They demand twonty thou Bund pounds now of Mr. Corbett. For thut suin thoy will graciously consent to leave liim (and you) alone. But if they really suo oeeded in hiding you away it would uot be twenty thousand, hut two hundred thousand they would demand as your ransom.' 'But, Mr. Farrur, are suoli things possible in a country like ours?' asked the eldest sister. ' I hardly think tho attempt would suc ceed,' said I : 'but it might certainly ho made. One eanuot be ulwuys on one's guard, and tho police cannot be everywhere, us some people seem to think they ought to bo. Our aim is that if tho utteinpt is mudo to carry out these threuts, the blackmailers should not get tho money they are scheming for, but get caught und sent to penal servitude.' ' Exaotly ! But how is that to be managed, Mr. Farrar ?' 'My suggestion is this— that from now until the eve of the wedding Miss Emily should be somewhere else— say, in Loudon, while her maid should be lent to sumo friend in need of u muid who lives a good wuy off. That would bo given out to tho world — toser- vauts, postmen, friends, and acquaintances— everybody, in short. But ull tho time tho maid und mistress would huve changed places. Tho very eyes of the oonspirators would aid iu deceiving them. If they inuke any atteinpt at all it will bo against the inaid Forbes, and you, Miss Emily, will cscapo altogether. Nor need Forbes be under any uppreliensiou as to her safoty. She Iihs only to satisfy her captors that she is the girl Forbes, and not the rich prize thoy had hoped to gain, and tliey will bo forced to release her, for tho simple reason that they must know that, no one would pay u large sum to ransom her. And when she returns to us the maid will be uble, if I am not very muoh mistaken, to give us such information as will lead to tho cap ture of the whole gang.' The young ladies wore delighted with this plan ; but the person whose consent wns really necessary was Forbes. She was sent for, and I began to explain matters by Baying that Mr. Corbett had received several threatening letters. At this tho young woman turned so pule, and looked so alarmed, that I thought I might as well givo up my sohemo at onco. She would never have courugo, I thought, to carry tho thing through. I went on with my explanations, however, and took care to mention, iu con clusion, that I felt certain that Mr. Corbett would bo willing to promise her u very bund .eouie.jxtesout iu the oreut of tha_»lau's sue-. seeding. Upon this tho young woman asked if she might havo a little timo to consider the matter, and, this boing agreod to, I took my leavo. $i Mr. Corbett was delighted with my scheme whon I inontioned it to him. Tho sole point ho objected to was that ho should only bo able to seo his sweetheart onco or twico, if at all, before the wedding-day, whereas ho would bo forced to call upon tho sham Emily Marohmont overy day, ho that, if his movements were wntehed — as I had little doubt thoy wore — the spies would be convinced beyond a doubt that Forbes was in reality tho millionaire's bride. When I proposed my sehemo to Ludovic Steyno ho was not enthusiastic about it. Ho thought . it wns too fantastic, smacked too much of the stuge, to be practicable. How over, he pffored no very decided objection to it ; und .tho maid consented to play the part assigned to her after Corbett hod promised to pay her fifty pounds if a finger was laid on her, and two hundred pounds if tho con spirators wore arrested. The details wero left to tho Misses Marohmont, and they managed things a hundred times better than I could have done. Miss Madeloy, an old governess of the Marohmont girls, was takon into tho seoret ; and she readily consented to take rooms in Bavswater for herself and Eliza Forbos, who 'passed as Miss Emily Maroh mont. It was given out that Miss Emily had gone up to town to seo after hor trousseau. It was .also given out that Eliza Forbes had gone to stay at Miss Bellingham's to holp to mend and clean some wonderful old lace whioh was to form ono of the marriage pre sents. This Miss Bollingham was a great aunt of tho brido. Sho lived by herself in a small house near tho Thames, not far from tho village of Thames Wickliam — us retired a place of concealment (seeing that the boating Beason had not begun) as could possibly havo been found. Sho had but two servants — ono a strong-minded, faithful oreaturo, who had been with her for forty years, and who w)is necessarily mado a participator in the secret ; tho other, a red- cheeked country girl, who had lately oomo to the house, ana who never doubted for a moment tbat tbo fine-looking, dark-haired girl who sat all day iu the mistress's room was Eliza Forbes, the Misses Marohmont's maid. Lady Marclimont's own sorvants wero kept in tho dark. Thoy simply know that Miss Emily and Eliza Forbes wero from home — thoy sup posed that they wore both of them in London. Twice a week Miss Bellingham's elderly servant walked over to Thames Wickham with Emily Marohmont, in timo to catoh the early morning train. The train took Miss Emily direot to 'Wimbledon ; and there Bhe alighted and took a cab home. This she did for her mother's sake, but the utmost care and cuution were observed, both in going and re turning. Sho wore, of course, clothes befit ting her supposed station in life. On tho other hand, tho sham Emily Marohmont oame home frequently, and always in tho open day. A little inquiry showed that the tradesmen and neighbours habitually took her for hor mistress. In a word, tho trans migration was thoroughly and artistically oarried out. When one of the two weeks hod gone by Corbett came to Beo us again. Ho had received another anonymouB letter that morn ing. It was rather different from tho others in that the writer assumed un air of contemp tuous insolence, as of a man who was already master of the situation. If Mr. Corbott chose to remit twenty thousand pounds by onblo to Now York w.ithin tho next three days, the money would still ho ao ccpted, and no further claim would he made. But if not, lot Mr. Corbott look oat for him self. Ho could not say that he had not beon fairly warned. And more to tho some effeot. 'Tho impudent blaoklegs !' oried the young American, as he walked in a state of excitement up and down my ohief's consulting room. ' Let them look out for themselves, that's all. I havo this with mo day and night ' — ho showod us the handle of a revolver sticking out of his pookot — and I've engaged a giant of a fellow to go about with mo. They oan't touch ir.o ; and if thoy try any games on with Miss Murchmont thoy'll burn their fingers nicely, won't they ? ' ' I have no doubt thoy will, Mr. Corbett,' I returned, seeing that my ohief was plunged in thought. Miss Forbes seems an intelli gent and spirited girl, and she has been fully instructed. If they presume to lay a fingor upon her, they will find that they have oanght a Tartar.' :? Three days later Corbett came again, and this timo ho was in a state of nervous agita tion for whioh I could not account. At last it cumo out that that afternoon, in passing along the Strand, a big, broad-shouldered, red-haired man had thrust himself in Cor bett's way, laughed impudently in his faco, and passed on. Tho incident was nothing in itself ; but I conld see that the young fellow was upset by it. He was convinced that tho red-haired man was ono of his hidden onomicH, alrendy gloating over his viotira ; and indood it was a trying situation for a man to be in. Ho believed that his foes wore only waiting an opportunity to spring upon him, and yet ho could not take a single Btop towurdp meeting them, or warding off the attaok. It was on the evening of the following day, just three days before tho wedding — a dull, cold, misty night, more like November than March. About half-past seven at night Mr. Corbett came to Brussels square, his face radiant, beaming over with satisfaction. ' Wo'vo got them!' he oried. 'That Miss Forbes is gone ! I've a telegram here from MiBS Madoloy. Those rascals must have nabbed hor on tho way home to-night. I wonder how they managed it ! I suppose she mado no resistance. Hu 1 ha ! Won't thoy be mad _ whon thoy find out their mis take? I think I seo their faces when she says 'Marohmont? That is uot my namo. I am Miss Forbes. Miss Marohmont is my mistress.' Ha, ha, ha ! I say, Mr. Farrar, do you think we shall bo able to put salt on their tails, eh ? Can't I seo Stoyno ? When will be be in?' I was in the not of answering him when I heard Steyuo's latchkey in the street door. Ho oame in ; but half a minute later I heard tho door bang behind him. He had gono out again. Corbett ran to shout after him, but ho was too late. Eight, nine, ten o'olook struck, and my chief did not return ; and still the young American waited, as patiently as ho could. At last, about half-past ten, Steyne oame in. I saw at onco by his fuce that something had happened. When hiB eyes fell on Corbett ho stoppod short, and a look of grave pity oame into his'faoe. Then he walked up to the young man and took his hand. 'Mr. Corbett,' ho said, 'I am about to put your manhood to the test. A terrible thing has happened.' Corbett became white to tho lips, and yet I saw him make an effort to pull himself together. Outwardly he was calm, and he looked Steyne straight in the eye. 'She is gone,' said the young man hoarsely, und I now saw that he was shaking from head to foot. Steyne nodded gravely. Corbett made a rush for the door, but tho older man was tho stronger of the two, and easily held him back. 'What would you do?' said Stoyno. 'The last train for Thamos Wickham has gone, and if you wnlk or drivo, you will only fatigue yourself to no purpose. Everything that man can do, all that tho organised police of the country Imoked by your onormous wealth can do, has boon done, or is being' done at this moment. Take my advice. Try to remember that it is not tho pnlioy of tho kidnappers to injure Miss 'Murchmont m any way. She will bo restored to you very soon, I am cortain. Go homo and try to get some sleep, and if you wunt to sco with your own oyos what is being dono, come to the Holborn Town Hall at eight o'olook to-morrow morning.' Obeying a look from my chief I put on my hat uud went homo with Mr. Corbett. llo was vory quiet, and leant -on my arm us if lie had beon recovering from a fever. Every now and tlion a savugo look would couio into his fuco, and bis fingers, I could see, were grusping tho handle of bis revolver. Onco or twico a strong sliuddor passed through him, us I havo seen it with nieu who wore sickening for somo disease. ' I had my doubts about this plan from the first,' said Stoyno to me, as ,wo walked over ?I to the Holborn Town Hall next morning ; ' and I onght to havo seen the significance of tho girl Forbes changing colour when you first told her of tho threatening letters. That wns from no mere feeling of timidity. I havo no doubt that sho was in tho plot from tho first ; nnd when you began to speak to her of tho threatening letters sho thought that sho had been found out.' 'Have you nny idea how Miss Murchmont wus spirited away ? ' I ventured to usk. ' I shall know in a fow minutes,' was tho reply. Tho largo room into whioh wo wont was filled with mon, employees, most of tliom, of various detective offices. Each ono had had a map nnd a set of printed instructions given him — Steyne had provided for all this during his three hours' absence the niglit boforo. Suddenly Steyne's clear voice rang through tho room. 'Now, lnds,' he oried, 'you huve your work before you. The lady wo are seeking loft Wimbledon for Thames Wickham at 7.23 last niglit. I find that thn return half' of a first- class tiokot from Thames Wickham was given up at Hanworth, tho station just before ; and I think it likely, tliorefore, that sho left tho train thoro nnd was induced to enter a enrringo— a fly, as thoy call it — which met tho train. We want to find that fly. Undorstand there is a gratuity of fivo pounds per man for the job. Ono hundred pounds will bo paid for any news of tho lady after sho left Wimbledon, and one thousand pounds if such information leads to our finding her. A subdued cheer followed thoso words. Corbett, who had been standing beside tho speaker, turned his pale, haggard face to Steyno, and caught him by tho arm. ' See hero,' ho whispered. ' This came by this morning's post.' It was another typewritten letter. ' Tho blow hns fallen. Fifty thousand pounds, or securities to that amount, must bo deposited in Sullivan's Bank, as before explained. When that is done Miss M. will be restored to hor friends unharmed. If the money (or securities) is not deposited, sho will never be seen again alive.' So ran this villainous letter. ' I must send it, ' said Corbott, his voice hoarse with omotion. 'Give me two days!' cried Steyne) ' Think what you are doing if you yiold to these men's demands. They will at once toll their companions, and other rioli men's wives or daughters will be abduoted. The crime will spread ; and who con tell what the conso quonees may bo? No harm will oome to Miss Marohmont to-day. That is certain. Give mo to-day. Every inn, every village, and farmhouse within driving distance of Hanworth will bo visited tti-day. Every rural policeman will be questioned. Nows is sure to come in before the evening. If not, you may advertise in the morning papers that yon are willing to come to terms. That will give me a second day. Two days are all I ask.' The American tnrned away with a groan. Stoyno drew me aside. 'For heaven's sake,' he whispered, 'take him down to that place, and keep him going nbont questioning folks. He will go mad if ho is not allowed to think ho is doing some thing.' A dreary day that was for all of us. I was told afterwards that many elues were re ported. They were promptly examined by trained men whom Steyne had retained for the purpose ; one and all turned out worth less. On the afternoon of the second day, as Corbett and I were driving from village to village, questioning everybody that oame in our way, Steyne joined us. There was a suppressed oxcitomenfc about him that I well understood. 'Don't yon think,' I suggested, 'that Miss Marohmont may have bran carried off down the river ?' Wo were then driving slowly along a road that lay close to tho north bank of tho stream, whioh spread its sullen longth before ns. Steyno was walking by the side of onr dog cart. ' No,' said my ohief, sharply. 'There are looks every fow miles. All tho lock keepers have been questioned. No lady went down in an open boat, nor baa any lannoh with ft cabin passed down yestorday, or tho night boforo.' As my ohief had dono speaking, I noticed that bis eye rested on a houseboat that lay moored near tho opposite hank, nnder the shelter of a group of willows. Whoso is that houseboat P' ho askod. 'It belongs to some oity mail,' said Cor bott, impatiently. 'I don't think anyone has been near it sinco last season.' Wo went on a fow paces. Then Steyno sat down by the side of the road, and wrote a noto on tho leaf torn from his pocket-book. This he put into an envelope, whioh ho sealed. ' Ploaso drive to Weybridgo as fast as you can,' he said to Corbett, ' and give this noto to tho police superintendent thore. You may jump down, Farrar, I may want you.' In less than a minute tho dogcart had dis appeared. Steyne and I went on till a clump of bushes hid the river from us. ' Farrar,' he said, in an exoited whisper, ' unless my eyes are not what they were, I saw a curtain move on hoard that houseboat ! Lot us stay here and watch it. I have sent for a boat. It will ho hero by dusk.' Wo sat down nnd waited, taking turns to 'watch the houseboat. So the hours passed till nightfall. The shadows wore deepening when we heard the sound of oars ; presently a boat drew in to the hank. Two men were rowing. Corbott and two policemen wero in the stern sheets. Wo stepped in and pulled away for tho houseboat. Before wo reuohed it we heard a noiso on board, and wo could just make out, in the darkness, a small boat with three mon in her, oreeping out from between tho house boat and tho river hank. ' Give way, men !' oried Corbott. ' Curso tho fools ! Why is there only one pair of oars ?' The small boat, with its light freight, rapidly forged ahead. There whs u sharp bond in tho river just there; in another minnto the boat would bo out of sight. Suddenly a deafening soream from a steam whistle bnrst on our ears. A steam launch came rushing down stream, and crashed into the small boat. We heard cries from the water, but before wo oonld reaoh tho spot they had ceased. Next day the throe bodies wero recovered. One of them Corbett recognised as the big, red-haired man who had laughed in, his face on the street. In a tiny bedroom on board tho houseboat we found Miss Marohipont, somewhat dazed from a dose of opium 'which (we supposed) had been given her in her tea, but otherwise perfectly well. With her, to our astonish ment, was Eliza- Forbes ! The girl was pre pared to go to prison : but she had mado her Bolf so useful to Emily Marohmont during her detention on the houseboat, that tho lady positively refused to allow her to be prose outed. Miss Marobmont had been induced to leave the train at Hanworth by a false telegram whioh purported to como from Miss Belling ham, sayfng that suspicious persons had been hanging nbout tho Thames Wiokham station, and that sho had better, therefore, alight at Hanworth, and drivo homo. Tho fly had been procured beforehand, and wna driven by one of tho conspirators. It stopped opposite the houseboat, where tho other two scoundrels were waiting for it. It was a lonely part of tho country, and Miss Murchmont was with out muoh difficulty forced into a boat and taken to tho houseboat, where Forbes was waiting to receive her. Two months later, Miss Marohmont, who had quite recovered from tho shook of her abduction, became Mrs. Allan Corbett. Britain owns ono-fourih of tho railways in tlio United Stutes of Amorica, nnd half of the railways in South America. Denmark makes a ulcar distinction betweon the thriftless and tho respcotable poor. Tho former aro treated liko English paupers. Tho latter never cross a worklioUBO threshold. If destitute, they rcceivo a pension ranging from £2 Ids, to £16 16s. a year; or if too feeble to look after themselves, tbey are placed in an old-age home. 