A FAITHFUL TRAITOR. I CHAPTER XI. Sin Antony's face ivll.rtedhiscor.sin's disnppnintinent when lie heard this news. He hiul been greatly interested in the arrangement whereby Elizabeth should lie domiciled under Gregory Lntimar's roof. Indeed he would have found jt difficult to express in so many words the rri'nnt intnrost he had felt in listeninEr to all Feo's plan for tlie future of tlie pale sweet-faced girl with whom lie had sat and chatted so pleasantly on the steps outside his ' brother's ' chambers only n very Tew Jays before. He. had beeii. quite unable to forget the feeling of pity and liking that Elizabeth had aroused so in stantly within him. His first sensation, when the news of Mrs. Latimar's sudden death had reached hirii, had been one op relief on Miss Druro's account, although lie was quite ready to believe Feo when she told him that the girl's grief at the loss of her grandmother would be. both deep and true. His Own single experi ence of Mrs. Latimar had not left a 1 leasnnt impression upon him. He re membered long after he had bidden the trio 'Good-bye' that day in Mr. Sav ille's room liow he had been filled with . indignation because of the old woman's rough treatment of her grandchild. He had said something about it to his 'urouier wucn uit'jr uiiu uiui. hi. uuiuer in tlie. evening, -nnd Antony:' Peile: hiid been a little astonished at the way in which Mr. Saville had receivedvhis re marks. . ' In Lady Feo's honseliold, Tony, it is the fashion to abuse : Mrs. Latimar,' Mr. Saville had said..'.'' I liojie, how ever, that, when I tell you the old lady is one of my most esteemed friends, yon will refrain from- saying anything harsh about her, It is, after all, scarcely good taste to abuse a' person who is really a stranger to you.' ' Oh. certainly !'. the young niaiv had replied, a trifle nettled- at the-other's tone. I am not likely to discuss Mrs. Latimar any further ; only, if . you are; such an intimate friend; of hers,' Dick, could you not give her a' hint to stop treating that poor girl so rudely, at least when friends — and strangers, too, as you ? say- — are: present ?' ? Ilichard Saville had glanced nt the. speaker sharply, then, with' his easy laugh, had turned the conversation. He. had a curious disinclination to discuss with Sir Antony anything relating to, Elizabeth. Lady Feo, on the other hand,' had found the greatest delight in talking over with her cousin 'all 'that she had, 'determined to do for Elizabeth. .'First of all, I mean to get her some smart clothes, Antony. . You have lio idea how 'pretty Elizabeth will louk when she is decently dressed !' . She had .made this announcement only tliat 'very afternoon. ; ntul Sir Antony had smiled to himself, for' lie had 'formed a very distinct , opinion ;already on the question oF Elizabeth's.. appearance, and the addition of smart clot lies would not, in. his eyes, enhance in the. .least either, her charm or her ; beauty. He did not say so, however. , , j ?' And I intend her tii make a splendid . marriiige !' had been another of Lady Feo's' remarks ; and to this also Antony ^ lV'ile had made ho answer. ?? i nan ueiiei inn express my views about 'tmitrimony,' lie said to hiinself with bitteriiess, 'or I shall upset poor little Feo altogether.' ' Tn this fashion, full of eager tender ness and sincere delight, Lady Feo had chatted about the future which Elizabeth was going to share wilh her and to find so beautiful. ' : 1 ' ? ' We will all go abroad,' she had summed :np ' faithfully. ' And, Tony, yon must' come too.; ; And perhaps we can coax dear old 'limit Ilertha to leave her beloved Speede for-.a month or so. I feel, you know, as if I; shall; never be able to give Elizabeth enough sunshine and pleasure to make itp for the cold glooniy years she has spent in that' wretched old house I It is wicked of me, Tony, isn't it, to feel glad that grannie Latimar is dead?- But I don't want to speak unkindly of the poor old creature,. although she did hate me so much. I only want to remeinber that Elizabeth is free, and is going to belong to us at last.' All these speeches cani.i hack to An tony Peile now as he stood holding Feo's note to Elizabeth in his hand, and heard her sympathetic voice as she spoke of her disappointment. There wiis no iieod ,1..'. ? ? ..1......^ ..'» r . 'l;. I.r. *« a ,»»««, ti ?»'«» ui unuj.l'fo s face to perceive how real that disappoint ment was. All; the brightness of the afternoon's anticipations had gone from it ; she was both very pale and vory sad. '1 don't know whether some future day may bring a change,' Lady Feo said as he prepared to go. She had told him as briefly as possible aft that there was to tell. ' Hilt, at any rate, for the time being T must bid farowell to all my plans and hope--. Gregory had a long talk with rci,v„imii. (i.;« u_i ? .Ui.. UU MJS she is absolutely determined to carry out graniiio's wishes, nnd that without a day's delay !' ' Yon mean she. - is going to marry Dick ?' questioned Sir Antony. He ivas turning. I^eo's note over nnd over, in his hand. lie had not tho least idea how hard was the sound of his, voice. The news of Richard Seville's inheritance had come to him almost as a shock. In deed he had followed all that . Ladv LVo told him with' a sense of confusion, aiid with another feeling, too',' which he could not have described Lady Feo was intent oil hurrying back to the nursery, biit slie paused to answer his question. . ? '.Marry Richard Saville? No, thank Heaven ! l le.has taken lieir money, but he shall not- tiike Elizabeth foo !' she said einpliatically ; and immediately she had -;Dokeii .«!?-! ' rniiipinhnri'il ln.r line. band's wishes. She coloured hotly, aiid was very angry with herself; ' I — 1 don't mean anything unkind aliotit Mr. Seville, Tony !' she-hasteneil to add. '? The fact is I am so upset I don't know what I am saying. You know what a nice temper I possess. The idea of Mr. Seville's .marrying Elizabeth is to me out of the question. He — he is much too old for her : ; and — nnd, oh, not at all the. sort of husband for a girl like Elizabeth ! lie wants some one much older nnd grander, nnd all that sort of thing. Now bo sure yon give Eliza beth all my messages, Tony.! And, oh, do ask her if she has had anything to eat ! Gregory has made me so wretched about lie.r ! He says she is looking like a ghost !' Very thoughtfully Sir Antony made his way out into. the 'street.; He walked a few yards, then hailed a Imnsom. ' I wis'i Feo had not said that,' he found himself thinking, as lie was driven ? .1 ? _i. il._ -i ? bwiuiy uirougii uiu auuuis. He was most uncomfortable. ; lie had a stinging pain nt his heart nnd nil un easiness tliat was not caused by a certain heavy trouble ho had been bearing and struggling with through many past months.. Lndy Feodora's efl'orts to remove the impression of her first quick, ahiiost fierce outburst of anger agiiinst ;.his : gxardiau had not deceived Sir Antony in the leas!/ He knew far better indeed, from liewiia li- ner and tho tone of her voice, than any words could have told him, that Feo's old childish dislike to and unreasoning: jealousy of Kichard Saville had developed into something, much stronger and:; dif ferent altogether during the past' few hours. Mb could not disguise, this fact from himself ; yet, for all the pain and sudden uneasiness it brought him, An tony somehow could not feel angry with his cousin for her bitter words ; instead, lie began excusing them to himself, ex plaining uieui away as lar as lie coum. ' Feo has always been hard on Dick. She is, of course, dreadfully disappointed about Miss. Drnro, aiid angry too ;' and, when Feo is angry, she says liinny things which she does. not. mean, and which she forgets when her anger. is gone.' ; So he'argued with himself ; but the pain .at his heart remained. He was not vexed witli Feo,' only disturbed by her,: shaken by the news she had imparted iu her curt summing-up against Saville, and by the iudinncnt which her disappointed hopes. had led her to pass, upon him. . ' It was only natural she should be angry, ''lie repeated 'to himself; then tlie other thought would' recur to him, and' he muttered, '? lint, oh, I wish she had not said what she did ! I wish she had hot been so hard upon Dick.' , He had a tired, over-strained feeling as he was driven swiftly through the gray gloaming of the. '-summer , nighi. He wondered vaguely why he loft such deep . regret at his. ' big. brother's ' un expected inheritance.'1 Tliero- was, on the face of it, no real reason why lie should resent the circumstance so inucli, or why he 'should lie almost yearningly desirous to find that the report' was ill founded. lie - had : the siiieerest- ^sym pathy for Richard Saville. Lndy Feo's words had jarred upon him, and the jarring pain still lingcicd : but it would take far more than n fnw hik'i-v words to 'sliake; tlie foundation of : Antony s, love for aiid S faith .hi this: guardian; his;! trusted friend, aiid adopted brother. ' It must have been a great shock to Dick— poor. old chap ! ' lie said to him self, his generous noble' young heart going out with a rush to the mail lie held so dear. ' I expect lie is quite up jet by it: , I. wondor how he will, liiaiiage the matter? lie will, of course, be ».-m,i.I-.il i.l.i.llt llii; ' r- l,„n«.*t.« will be kind, and meet him half way. She must see, as we all see, thai it is a painful position — it would lie s-- for any man. If I knew her better, I would plead -.with' her for -Dick :; but——' Sir Antoiiy pulled hiinself lip i:i his thoughts, and gave.-tn. Taint laugh ; the hansom had turned into iiloomsbury Square, he was approaching Elizabeth's house. ' There is something funny in my imagining that Dick should want my help, iu this— «-i- any other, business. ... It may lie an awkward moment, but, when, a man has tact such as Dick has, he is not likely to fail in arranging evciiiShcii nil awkward business as this ; at all events, if I.)iek should want somebody to stand by liini, he knows wle-re to find his man. Dear old fellow, how. I wish I could pay you back only half what yon l)2lVP rltltiM fol' lllf- Kilt flir- rlithf. irnf- heavier each day,-; instead ' of ligblei'. I think if Feo ciiuld 'have kiuiwn- al! that von have been to me— all that yoirhave done for lue — she would have cut out her tongue before she would have spoken against you as she dill to- night.' Sir Antony brushed his hand roughly across his eyes — they were wet with a mi.-t of tears-^iheii put up his stick and stopped the liaiisoiii. '' He had jiist paid the man, and ; was turning towards tlie. steps of the gloomy old house, when the door was opene I from within, and a girl stepped out. Although she was wrapped in a long cloal;, with her face shrouded iu a thick veil, Sir -Antony recognised her at once. It was Elizabeth herself who stood before him. CHAPTER XII. Elizabeth, having obediently tried to eat some dinner, had sat tlnnUiiig iii' the dusk for a long' time after Gregory Lntimar hnd left her. Then n restless feeling had seized her ; she felt as if she could not live through another long, hot, ;sleep!ess night unless she had some ex ercise, and the invigorntion of the. outer air which she had denied herself for the last few days. '' AVhen Lady lfeodora crimes, tell Tier that I have gone into the Square garden for half an hour,' she said to tlie maids. She -decided that she would be better able to meet Feo's disappointed eyes and all her pretty little pleadings if, ,, 1 1 l . i iiiuj- niiu, ii n*y nere clear oi me close miserable depression of the old house. Indeed Elizabeth had a great dread of meeting Feo at all just now ; it seem'sd to her so cruel to lnive to re pulse the tender thought for herself that was surging in' Lady Feo's mind. Slie hoped earnestly (hat Gregory would have prepared the way for her ; but she felt only t'o sure that his little wife would not accept the situation as calmly as lie bad done, ' I shall feel stronger out in tho nir,' she said to herself. It was close upon nino o'clock ; Feo might arrive at any moment now. ,So she put on her shabby .old hat, covored her face with a veil, wrapped an old cloak -about her — for her unliappiness, her lack of food and sleep, and her con finement to the house had made her both r'iiiit and coltl — and walked out throiigh the big hall-door just as Sir Antony's cab luid pulled up by the kerb beyond., - For a moment Elizabeth paused, and; drew back with a sense of real'. The door , had closed behind her. She had hoped and intended to avoi(l any meet ing at present with Richard Saville, if it were possible. The sight of a . man nliirh t iu-r from a cab made her suddenly draw her breath. She felt so sure it must be ho who hail come. . Then the fear' went' from her. and her heart- gave a great leap of relief and of pleasure too As Antony- Piele came up to her, she held out her hand to him. She guessed at once the reason of . his, visit ; she knew he had come from Feo. Some how it did not seem at all strange to her that he should be there ; and the clasp of his hand, with all its silent ex pression of sympathy, seemed familiar to iier, as though she were meeting an old ana true menu. I 'have brought' you a' little note, Miss'-: Druro,' ? Antony; said ;','- but, all tlie same,; I was going to ask you tii see inc., Feo seemed to think I could ex plain things better if 1 had an interview with you. She was afraid you would be anxious about ' Pootles.' She is not seriously ill,' the young man hastened to . add, as ii little exclamation escaped the girl. ? Elizabeth drew her hand away, and tore open Lady Feo's note, glancing at it in tlie uncertain light of a lamp. Sir Antony stood aside, waiting while she read the few hurried words. She had thrown back her veil, and it pained him to see how piile and tired she looked. ' It is only some slight indisposition,' lie remarked, as lie saw that she was really troubled ; 'but Feo did not care to leave the child. She sent you her love, and begs you not to worry ; you shall have news in . the morning— she. will, conic herself.'' ?; She turned to ring the bell, but he stopped Iier. ? . . . ' Vou were going out, were von not ? Please do not let tli.is .prevent you. There is no hurry. 1 have nothing to to. Feo, I am sure, would much prefer that you had your walk before writing to her. I — 1 dare say,' Antony said, half shyly; ' you have not been out of tlie house for several hours.' Elizabeth 'answered, with a smile — ' Not for; a Week.' Slie pulled down her veil again and gave a little shiver. ' It seems longer,'' she added, in a very I 'Antony stretched out his hand a second tiiiie;; the action was .'involuntary,; lint to the poor, tired, overwrought gii I it was exceedingly, pleasant; ' May I come with you ? ' he asked, gently yet eagerly. 'It is dark and lonely iu the Square now. lint, per haps ' — lie broke off iu the same half shy manner again — ' perhaps you would rather be alone ? ' Elizabeth's veiled checks had a tinge of warm color.; -lie could not see it, but lie was sensible of ? the sincerity iu her voice as she answered simply — ' I shall be vory glad if you will come, Sir Antoiiy.' . They left the doorway, and walked across the rond ; but nt the Kate of the Square he suddenly paused. . ' Oh, I almost forgot ! Feo told me to be sure to ask you if you had had any dinner.' Elizabeth laughed-^ — a faint nmused little laugh. His tone was so serious, it was evident that he regarded the matter with quite as much gravity as even Feo could desire. 'I have had a tremendous meal!' she said, almost brightly. ''If you like I will write out the menu of my dinner, so that Feo can read for herself nnd sec t,hat I am not being starved.' Ho echoed her laugh ; then the gate was unlocked and thrown back, and they passed in through; the hedge of shrill's, anil were alone uijder, the lofty old trees, which, with' thV 'jiatch of sooty ^';L'niiilon' ? i'1-iiss. wns the iiiilv bit of 'eountrv' Elizabeth had ev'ei- kiiowii.' ' ' Tho girl gave a quick sigh of relief a tliey entered the ..-old gardens. She un fastened her veil 'from about, her hat, and threw back her head, to inhale the cool night air, and enjoy the, breeze that stirred the treos to a rustling whisper.','' ' Oh, the fresh nir is. welcome ! ' she'' said, half to herself, half; to hitri. ' I feel better, nlron(ly-' . . Slie took, (mother deep'brentli, nnd ho watched lior' engerly, feeling that ho was sharing ill tin refreshment nnd pleasure which tlie' out- of-door atmosphere was giviiig to her tired bead nnd heart. He himself - was conscious of a sudden lender restrulness in his own breast, of a hush, a lull for the m ioie.it, of the clamoring trouble, the reinoise, regret, despair, that had never been silenced for many months uiiiil now. ' . It. was verv auiet in the old Stinare garden. There was no moon, but the lamps outside gave a faint glow of light, and, though the night was gray ami close, the sky was not dark. They walked once roiiml the inner path in silence.. It was not the silence of constraint or the awkwardness whi-h miglit have arisen from tlie presence of a Stranger,; it was it silence full of sym pathy. For to both of them came the feeling that they were not strange to each other. Feo's love for .-them both, her confidences to each al o it the other, had it... ....... r..,. i... „ ''J ' -v n't'.itiij , a friendship, a mutual liking which never theless would have come naturally to them in any circumstances ; so, though this was but the third time that they ha 1 met nii-l exchanged words, they felt aU ready as if they were old'friends, between wnoni the chiirni and the comprehension of 'silence were not only pardonable, but permissible. JJilt, as they were walking slowly on, it suddenly struck Sir .Antony that the footsteps hcs'ide- him were growing rather feeble. ; As this thought canio to him, he broke the silence instant 1 v. ' I tl.il.l- nn.ri.'f l..'=;i ' I... said. 'I ain sure you are very tired, Miss Druro.' Elizabeth confessed lo feelings! rangely fatigued, even weak ; Iier liiiibs ached, and her head swam a little. ' I suppose it is because I have stayed in tlie house so much. I have 'never been so long before without nir or exercise. Grannie' — the name cauie softly from Iier lips — ' was very good about that. She could not walk much -herself, but she always liked me to have my daily exer cise out-of- doors. I — I expect I have missed it without, realising it.' Antony sat down beside her on the wooden seat. ' I am sure you have missiMl, it. 1 think there is nothing so hard to bear as being shut, np iu the liou.su even for a single day.' ( , ' I. think.it, must be very hard, for a inaii,' Elizabeth said. She s|»ikndreaniily— her weakness did not' pass away, immediately. She was leaning back iu her corner watching the shifting shadows thrown iip./ii the grass by , the light of (lie lamp beyond the mov ing trees. Nothing was quite definite to her at the moment ; her mind had lapsed into one of those curious spells of vairue ncss when everything seems far ilisiaut and strangely small which are 'common to-aii' overworked brain, or to lino' who has passed through some physical iilness. It was not an unpleasant sensation ; ufter the acute thought of the; past few. days, with their long sleepless nights, this wak ing dream was a sort of relief to the girl. She ninde no effort to rouse herself ;. she leu as if sue were uniting, tinning, aril t ing awny inton land of clouds, of gentle wnrmth, of soft winds that floated about her, bringing* her. calm sleep and utter forget fulness. ; Out of this dream, this curious vision of soft delight, Elizabeth was awakened by an nnxions voice, aiul by thecoiisciou ness that her hands were being held by another pair that trembled a little, strong though they. were. ; ' Ob,' Antony said, with a sigh of relief, as her eyes opened, ' you aro bel ter'? I was alarmed for a moment, Miss ?Druro;;' I was afraid that ytiti hiul 'fainted. I did not know what lo tlo. . Please tell me. Can I get yon anything ? Some brandy— sonic ivater ?' Elizabeth drew herself up. : ' I did not faint,' she said ; but her voice was strangely -weak. ' I wiis fall ing asleep, I believe. ;I ,am very rude, Sir Antony. 1 hope you will fory.ve me.' Sir Aulony did not loose hi.- clasp ol iier hands. ? ? ? ..?';?? - . ; I icel very troiinieu aooiii you. In saiil simply, ami a.-smlilen rush ol tears eiuiie into llie girl s eyes as she noted Ills lender so'li'-ilude. ' ' I fee'l I iiughtn't to lei you stay Out here; I. wish Feo had been able to come to you to-night ; she would have known exactly what to do hir you. '; Don!t you think yon. might- to go indoors again, Miss Druro? And won't; you. -please;. 'end for the doctor ?' ' Elizabeth sniiled'nt him ns she slowly drew her hands. awny from his. TO 1115 contj sunn. 