The Wedding Ring. The ring, or circle, which is emble-<*> matic of eternity, and suggests the pro-<*> bable duration of wedded love of the right kind, has been used in the mar- riage ceremony from time Immemorial. Probably it dates from old Roman and Greek times and customs; or it may go further back to those mythic ages in the far East, where wisdom and civilisa tion dawned on the world of humanity. .When public betrothals were no longer the rule, the giving of an engagement ring came in, and an engagement to marry seems to be looked upon as more serious and binding by every other na tion than by those who own English as their mother tongue. The position of the wedding ring is almost a matter of superstition. The third finger of the left hand, next to the little finger, was long supposed to have some subtle con nection with the heart. "Sarum usage" decreed that In old 'Jnglish marriages the bridegroom was to receive the weddihA Aqi, froiri the officiating priest with th<J three princi pal fingers of his right hand. Then, holding the bride's left hand with his own, he v#as to say the words, " With this rlug, I thee wed," and iheu, placing the circle ou her thumb, he was to ndd, " In the name of the Father," and re moving It to her first, second, and third flngerß respectively, with the words, " and of the Sou," " and of the Holy Ghost," was to deposit It finally on tbe fourth or little finger with the " Amen." Wearing the wedding ring ou the thumb was not infrequent at one time, and may be seen in some old portraits. There Is no stipulation about the qual ity of the ring, and in cases where tbe gold circlet has been dropped or forgot ten, very queer substitutes have been used before now. The old Italian be trothal or wedding ring was very often of silver, and frequently represented two diminutive hands clasping each, other. An old Icelandic custom provided a circular bracelet of bone or metal, through which the bridegroom put his entire Tight hand, in .which he received the hand of hie bride. Tbese rings were previously sanctified by being laid on the altar and blessed. A curious old custom in the Orkneys wa3 the " hand-feating," or " hand-fast ing," which was a trifle more binding than an engagement, though leas so than the sacerdotal marriage. The con tracting parties clasped hands through an opening in a famous old stone, which had doubtless been connected with the worship of Odin. That stone no longer stands, for the farm o*i which it was situated was rented by a farmor from the mainland, who was determined to stamp out the foolish praet'ee, and broke up the stone, and u«sed it in build ing a pig-sty. No sooner was this done than all his agricultural implements were suddenly found to " be awa'," ati-J he Liinself deemed it the bt>*t policy to retreat to where he came from. In Ireland, popular prejudice declares for a gold ring, and there is a tradition that gold rings have been let out on hire to the very poor, while pinchbeck rings did duty for after use. The notion is that marriage with a ring of inferior metal would be illegal. Modern Greek peasants exchange a gold and a sliver ring, and thou drink wine from the same cup ; but the regu lar ritual of th* Greek Church ordains that a solemn betrothal precedes the actnal marriage, in which a gold and & silver ring are blessed by the prleet, the former being given to the man, and Ihe latter to the worrac. The form of es pousal is then r«peated, anl the rings are placed on the right hands, and then exchanged, that no inferiority may be betokened by the woman wearing tbe silver ring, and also to indicate the com mon ownership of property. An Armenian mother usually selects her daughter's husband, or, at least, does so nominally. After all business preliminaries are settled between the families, the bridegroom's mother, ac companied by a priest and two matrons, visits the bride, and gives her a ring in token of espousal, and with this ring the couple are ultimately married. Among fishing communities very an cient and elaborate wedding rings are used, and descend as heirlooms from generation to generation. Japanese marriages are arranged between quite young children, but the girl always re ceives a ring in evidence that tbe union is binding. In Malabar, an old native custom seats both bride and bridegroom on a dais, and a relative washes the feet of the latter with milk, and puts a sil ver ring on the great toe of his right foot. The bridegroom then hands a gold ring to h!s kinsman, and a neck lace and chaplet of flowers are put on the bride's neck and head. Both seem to be rather side ceremonies than bind ing between the parties who are most converned. Public opinion probably supplied the lack, and among semi-bar barians no jot or tittle of ceremonial can be omitted. The Ladles' Benevolent Society in Gymple last year relieved 100 families, including 156 adult i and 283 children, a« against 114 families relieved in the previous .rear. Mra. B. Bytheway was elected president, and Mrs. Shepherd and Mrs. Weller vice presidents. Miss Ashton was appointed lion, secretary, as we learn from the " Times." 