THE SCRAMBLE FOR CHINA. The scramble for China may have been expected in the inner circles of the European chancellories, but it seems to have taken the world at large com pletely by surprise. China has existed pretty much as she is for thou sands of years, and it is not surprising that people should have thought she would continue to exist in the same way. The Japanese war was undoubtedly a revelation. When it broke out there was a very general anticipation that while Japan might have one or two victories in the beginning of the struggle China must win in the end. Of a truth China never had at any time a ghost of a chance. It soon became manifest that the nation was eaten out by corruption, and the hugh carcase was merely a shell so far as warlike power was concerned. But if she could not beat Japan she was still able to get allies, who were strong enough to rob from Japan the fruits of her victories. The Japanese Ministers would have been delighted to advance on Pekin, but when it became evident they could easily cap ture the capital if they were permitted, Russia stepped in with what was prac tically a ' Touch it at your peril ' intima tion. Peace was agreed to, and the terms, while severe, did not seem impossible for China. Matters went back into the old groove, and the world quickly forgot China. But the European chancellors do not seem to have for gotten it. Perhaps the utter helpless ness of China was as great a surprise to them as to less exalted people. ' Until the war with Japan they may have had no thought of dividing the Chinese Empire, but the ease with which this could be done may have tempted them. At any rate they seem to have re solved on it. If an agreement could be come to there would be no difficulty at all in the matter. But that is the rub. To frame an agreement where everyone desires to take advantage of his neigh bour is an almost impossible task. With the outbreak of this question a remark of Lord Rosebery has been widely recalled. A few weeks before the defeat of his Ministry Lord Rose bery said in a speech, ' We have ' hitherto been, favoured with one ' Eastern question, which we have ' always endeavoured to lull as too 'portentous for our imagination; but ' of late a Far Eastern question has ' been superadded, which, I confess, to ' my apprehension is in the dim vistas ' of futurity infinitely greater than ' even that question of which we have ' already known.' No one seems to have paid any attention to that remark at the time it was made. That is not to be wondered at. People do not generally concern them selves greatly about something that is to happen in 'the dim vistas of futurity.' That unlucky phrase robs Lord Rosebery of any credit for fore sight in making this observation ; he evidently foresaw us little as anyone, the imminence of this Far Eastern ques tion. Whatthisquestion means even now few, if anyone, can say. Germany pre cipitated it, but the world refuses to take the German Emperor seriously. It laughs alike at his ' consecrated per son' and his 'mailed fist.' That lie would like to be a second Caesar everyone credits ; that lie has the brain of a really great statesman or sovereign has yet to be shown. He has had his chances early in life, and so far he has not made much of them. He got rid of Prince Bismarck, and since then he has dismissed first one and then another of that statesman's successors, but he has failed to retain for Germany that pre- eminent place in the councils of Europe which she held under her man of ' blood and iron.' He certainly saved Turkey fretn the concert of Europe the other day. But that achievement counts for little, seeing, as Lord Salisbury remarked at the Guildhall on the 9th of November, that the concert of Europe is like an English jury, it can act only when it is unani mous. The recalcitrant juryman is not necessarily a man of either commanding mental or will power^ The danger of this question does not lie in what Germany may do, but in what Russia may do. The real struggle will be between her and Britain. For half a century Britain has been the leading power in China. She holds more of the Chinese trade than all the other nations of the world put together, and it is highly unlikely she will tamely submit to this being filched from her. The German Emperor's 'mailed ' fist ' has no terrors for British states men. His Majesty has a magnificent army, but he has very poor means of getting that army where it could prove a serious menace to Britain. On the other hand, Her Majesty the Queen has a superb navy, which would find no difficulty at all in reaching the German Emperor's Chinese possessions. And what is true of Germany is equally true of France. At the outbreak of the war with France a century ago she had as many foreign possessions as Britain, and the result of the war was that she lost them all. What happened before in that way might easily happen again. The British army is admittedly weak, as compared with the French and German armies, but this would be a case «vhere the sea power would come into play far more effectually than the sister army. But with Russia it is different. She already virtually marches with Britain for hundreds of miles in Asia, and the two powers might easily be involved in a deadly struggle on land. It is this faot which makes the Chinese question one that specially concerns Britain and Russia. If they come to an agreement then the peace of the world has little to fear froir. the scramble for China. But will they agree? The question is easily asked, but impossible to answer. British policy with respect to Russia is undergoing, if it has not actually undergone, a revolution. It \v«as the policy of Pitt, of Canning, of Palmer ston, and of Beaconsfield to always oppose Russia. Beaconsfield is said to have admitted privately that he would have gone to war with Russia in 1877 if his Cabinet had supported him. The only statesman who has taken the opposite line has been Mr. Gladstone. His policy was to work with instead of against Russia. He held that the two powers had far more in common than they had objects ot quarrel, and it should be the aim of both to arrive at a common understanding and become firm allies. For that he was fiercely attacked as little better than a traitor to the British Empire. But time is working its wonders in this as in other things. Lord Salisbury was a member of Lord Beaconsfield's Cabinet, which thwarted Russia in 1877, and gloried in the fact. But in a speech delivered a few months ago Lord Salisbury admitted that the Crimean war was a mistake. He ib called the pacific professions of the Emperor of Russia, just before the outbreak of the war, and remarked that at that tiaie Britain ' put her money ' on the wrong horse.' On this vital question of Foreign, policy — Britain's attitude towards Russia — Lord Salisbury has become a convert to the Gladstonian policy. He is for friendship and a working alliance with Russia, instead of a policy of suspicion and opposition. If Russia is as pacific now as she was in 1853 there should be little difficulty in the two powers principally iu terested coming to an agreement over China. 