PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. Wild Eelin: Her Escapades. Adventures, and Bitter Sorrows. BY WILLIAM BLACK, Author of "A Daughter of Heth," "A Princess of Thule," "Madcap Violet," "In Far Lochaber," "White Heather," "Stand Fast Craig-Royston,,* "Highland Cousins," etc., etc. - (Copyright.) ' CHAPTER XLIX. The I>evil's Kirn. lEarly next morning, there -was enacted the strangest scene ever oeheid on the banlts of tne Hiver Nish. Almost before daybreak Archie Gil christ was out at his accustomed post, apparently busy enough with books and magazines ana manu scripts, and yet. ever with a îurtive glance to wards the red house across the wide stream. The dawn was graciously still and : opalescent; vue overclouded skies were or a banaeü saver-grey; the current, noiseless, stealing by mirrored the foliage of the now yellowing trees; the smoke of the town, when that began to appear, rose verti cally Into the quiescent air and aufused itse.lf into a pale blue him that softened all the wouued heights beyond. Peace reigned throughout tue world; and in that house away over yonder why not also a beneficent and mercuul peace? Meanwhile this-is what was happening in the sick-room: "Nurse," Eelin called, in rather a frail voice, "will you do me. a kindness? Will you go down -go down to the drawing-room-and search amongst the music-on the piano-and you'll find a scrawled piece-scrawled and scribbled over but the title of it is 'The Braes of Glenbrae on'---,~: "Oh, if you will please to excuse me, Miss Eelin," the nurse said, anxiously. "Your mamma said I was not to bring you that song-because it upsets you so-" "Oh, well," she said, with apparent indifference . (but the eyes iike the blue of the sea wave were beginning to burn), "anything-will do. I only want to look at the titles.; ' My-my singing days are over. Why should I waut to sing. Hut the titles to look at; could you find for, me 'Eeiin of Kirconnel'-'I wish I were where Eelin lies, on fair Kirkconnel lea*-Eelin, mind, not Heien you'll lind the correct version ni Maver-or in Moffatt--" "uii, yes. Miss," said the prim and placid Nurse Kendrick. "As scion as ever, the clay nurse is here, or when some of the servants are about, I will run down and fetch the music for you--" "And why not now?" the girl p;eaaed. "It it is a small favor to ask; only a minute---" . 'ihe nurse hesitated-and was lost. "What did you say was the song, Miss?" " 'I wish I were where Eelin lies, for night and day on me she cries'-I-I don't remember the. rest-for my head is not very well-only-only 1 wanted to look at the titles-if I am never to be able to sing any more--" "What did you say were the books, Miss Eelin?" "Oh, I have forgotten-I have forgotten," the girl moaned. "And-it is too much trouble-1 ask your pardon-" The prim little nurse was also impressi nable In a way; she could not resist the wearied- ap peal; she said she would try to find 'Eelin cf Kirkconnel,' and should be back in an instant. It was a kindly concession, wrung from her by the pathetic tones of the girl's voice; but it was not very wise; and it had consequences. . For the moment she had gone, Wild Eelin with the cunning and the unnatural strength of delirium-sprang from the bed, undressed herself, put on her swimming things, not even excepting the felt slippers to protect her feet; then she crept stealthily down the staircase, and passed along the hall, and unlocked the door, and went out. Her footstep on the gravelled path was silent; phantom-like she crossed the breadth of grass; and so she came to the river-at least, to the shingle bordering the stream. And this was the apparition that Archie Gil christ, on the other side, beheld, when he chanced to look up from his books. He did not pay much heed. Somehow his eyes had become dazed of late, what with long watching, and mechanical reading, and sleepless nights; and, no doubt, the white-armed goddess on the opposite bank was but a spectral creation of his brain; in another moment or two she would have vanished and. ta ken to flight, for her far and foam-girt isle. He hardly cared even to look at her. She was not an effulgent and lustrous creature as a goddess should be; for the grey dimness of the dawn was still around her; she was a mere ghost, ethereal and visionary; he had been reading the night be fore some stories out of the Greek mythology ; and he was of an imaginative turn of mind. Then all of a sudden a spasm of horror shot tc his heart. Why, this was no fantastic illusion whatever; he knew who it was, and why she was there; it was Eelin Macdonald, escaped from con trol, come down to make one more mad effort tc swim the Devil's Kirn. In consternation he sav> her take off her slippers at the end of the shingle; he saw her wade in through the shallows to th< deeper water; he saw the fragile body throw itsel against the heavy current; and in an agony o helplessness he could only wait and watch, no knowing whither she might be carried. But h< had quickly taken off his coat and flung it 01 the grass behind him: so far he was prepared fo anything that might happen. By this time ther were nurses and servants rushing down the dis tant bank-calling, and shrieking, and wringini their hands; little attention did he pay to them. It was piteous, to see the frail white humai creature contending with the ebon-black implac rble stream; and, of course, the result was inevit pule: with hi?r spent strength she could make n headway at all; certainly she fought and fought for she had the courage of the Kinvaig Macdon aids in her veins, and perhaps. the fever len her some access, of wild effort. The end speedil came. She was swept down like some white rose leaf on the surface of the water; the -Devil's Kir had got Its grip of her; and hither and thither sh .was being Whirled-until Archie Gilchrist saw hi chance, and jumped In. He was à good swim mer, the swinging current notwithstanding. H seized hold of her-he bore her to the bank-h carried her to the slope where his coat was 1 yin "-in another moment she was wrapped up in thf uncouth garment, and he had placed her ant around his neck, and he had clasped her firmly to him, as he set out for the house. He went in the direction of the upper suspension-bridge; he vaguely knew that the shrieking women were run ning across, with blankets and such things. And then she said to him, in a panting kind of way "Oh, Som erl ed-my love! my dear love!-have you come for me at last? Ah, why did you never speak? I guessed, you know-oh, yes, I guessed and when you gave me tlhe thousand pounds for the Macdonalds of Glengarva, my mother said you were either mad or madly In love-and if you were in love it was with me-and I guessed that too, though I -would not let on. And as for me-my heart was yours from the moment I saw your strong, earnest eyes. But then, you soe, I was promised; and I could not break my promise; and you were proud, and you held aloof, and would not say a word-aih, well, that is the bitterness of life The mental torture was more than man could bear; he staggered* towards the nearest bench, and sat down there, holding her closer to him, and trying to soothe her fevered Imagination. Then the terrified nurse came flying, with ru;gs and blan kets; and thés? she quickly wound round the trerrJbiling: fugitive, wiho had some dim notion of what was going on. Nay, she tried to express her thanks, in a merry kind of way. 'Meanie's a' weet, pulr ibody," sold she'. "Do you know the old version, nurse? But it's not with 'coming through the rye.' I think I must have been in the rlver-r-perhaps--perhaps-and it is so cold this morning-and O have given you so much trouble-I ask for your pardon--" Gilchrist had now got up again, with his precious change folded to him closer than ever. "Mr. Gilchrist," said the nurse, anxiously, "won't you let me carry her?" "No, by God," said he, "nobody shall carry her but myself." His face twae as white as death; and his arms trembled; ibut he had great physical strength; and there was not much fear for the in valid. The wornt of it was that this arrangement enabled him-compelled him, rather-to hear her whispered confidences-confidences that tore his soul; for it was impossible to doubt that all through these wandering phrases the giri was revealing the secret of her life. "You see, ?Somerled'-oh, ¡my darling!-my love with the strong eyes!-that you should, have come back to me!-well, O used to go up the Castle hill and I used to look towards Ben Wy vis-and-an d think aibout Alt-na-Tralve; and sometimes Tanna hill's verse would come Into my head. 'Oeh hey! Johnnie lad, Ye're no sae kind's ye should hae ibeen'-and then I thought that iwas mest unworthy -il-I admired you all the more for your pride and silence; because-because you knew that I had given my promise-didn't you?, IAh, ¡but never a word-never a word from Alt-na-Tralve-and the long distance-and I am not complaining-oh no, I aim mot complaining-I would rather ask for par don-from any one I have done wrong to-" iShe sobbed a little; his heart heard her sobs. And here was her mother, at the end of tlhe small suspension bridge. The poor woman could hardly speak, lt was her affrighted vision that made its mute inquiry. And then'she followed her daugh ter-she the first, of course-though she could scarce put one. foot before the other. With tre mulous and useless fingers she would endeavor to draw the ' blanket somewhat closer round iBelin's neck; or with her handkerchief she would try to wipe away ¿ few drops of water 'from the splendid blue-black hair; she was entirely distraught; she did not know what she was doing; her eyes were ibllnd. ,? It was ta long and roundabout way they had to eenie; and again and again they offered him help; but the white-'faced man would have none of it. And every word she spoke, in that hushed, appeal ing voice, was like a dagger. "Oh, any love, roy love," she whispered, "you have come for me at lost, and all I wish for is to .lie in your arms for ever and ever-even in the grave. The 'Braes of Glenbraon' were never for > yob and me; they iw&re; for happy people; at least they were happy fer a. time-oh, I hope so-1 hone, so-even if there was a broken heart at the end: but for you and me it's mere like Kirkconnell you remember what he said after his sweetheart was shot-his prayer was, ,'And I in Eelin's arms lying, cn fair Kirkconnel lea.' That was in the grave, you know. Well, why not? Tell me, Somerled of the brave eyes, are you listening are you listening to me?" "Oh, yes, indeed," he answered, and he hoped his voice would not undeceive her. "We shall soun be at the house now, and you'll be put to bed, and get warm. She thanked him over and over again, and beg ged pardon fer the trouble she was causing; nay, in a pitiful sort of fashion she seemed to think it was her duty, in return for this kindness, to entertain him. "You know, dearest heart, they used to laugh at me," she said, with a fine pretence of cheer fulness. "Ah. yes, they did. They used to. say that none of mankind was good enough for me because-because-well, no man has ever kissed me, and that is the truth. And Lily Neile she would often sing 'There was anes a May-and she loe'd na men-she-she biggit her bonnie bower -down i' yon glen'-I have forgotten the rest. But I never complained of their laughing-no, no; I waited to find my lord and master-and when I saw you-and recognised you-I said to myself, 'Well, perhaps he will allow me to go into the fields to glean a little, and I will be his hand maiden, if I should find favor in the sight of my lord.' And you commanded them to let. fall some of the handfuls- ah, did you net!-did you not! when I was doing small things here and there for Klnvaig and Glengarva. Thy handmaiden thy handmaiden-ah, yes; willingly- willingly but the fields and the sheaves were so/far away -when I went on to the Castle hill I could not : see them because of Ben Wyvis. Yes,'and when I was seated cn one of the benches, an cid gen tleinan came up and said, 'Tell rae, yung lady, why are you- crying so?' I pretended I was not crying at all- that the. distance to Ben Wyvis strained - the eyesight; : and when he went away I fell to crying again-but what was the use- * what was the use-the sheaves were so distant - and the handmaiden-not able-not able to bow down before her lord-" And yet again she tried to talk more cheerfully -in those hushed, hurried sentences "Gilchrist has been so kind to me-so kind so kind and considerate. I think I must ask for his pardon. I was never to him what a sweet heart should be-I suppose not-according to the old songs-and he never once remonstrated-well, you see, we were so much engaged in our small literary plans and schemes-that was a kind of safeguard, no doubt. But-but-but when my lord of the strong eyes has come for his hand maiden, Gilchrist will set me free from the lite rary partnership-ah I I know him-I know him all tho way through it has been whatever I might wish- and some day-I will learn how to thank him." He managed to get the swathed figure over or through the turnstile; and she «still murmuring to him. They were now close to Glengarva House. The weeping women had rushed forward to have the gate wide open. "And Somerled-oh, my own, my own!" she said. "You know we must try to do something for Ar chie Gilchrist when he goes away to London to fight the great fight. Ay, and he will not fail. He will not fail. I know him. If all the Assassins' Club were confrouting him, breast to breast, his right arm would send the whole crew of backbiters swinging to the wail. And we shall hear of him-and read of him-oh, it ls a wonderful thing to have won the praise of the world-and the affection of so many people-in different countries-all over (the globe to have friends and well-wishers, who are grateful ito you-oh, yes, a marvellous thing-yes, and so few attain that-but I know he will-he will-he has the strength-he has the width of out look-oh, yes-he will-he will-win it. Do you know, Somerled, he once called me the 'belle dame uan/3 merci?'-and I was to go 'singing on my way.' . Ah, but I waa never one of that kind. And I would , haye kept my (promise- only-only-that my head has not been so well, lately; and if you see Gilchrist, will you tell him that I ask his pardon; whatever happens, he is the one to forgive me, sure I am of .that-" He was taking her up the gravelled pathway, and she seemed to have some confused Idea that she was nearing home. "Somerled, Somerled," she moaned," I am wish ing to please you-but my voice is not what it was something on the harp I could play for you if you like the old aire. Not the 'Braes of Gl&nbraon;' oh, no, not ithe 'Braes of Glenbraon'-for there was unhappiness there-oh, my heart is like to break when I hear the 'Braes of Glenbraon'-I know, all the Orain na'h-Albainn-and anyone that "would please you-for I am sorry to be giving you so much trouble-I ask for your pardon-I ask for your pardon-:-" He carried her to her room, and left the women folk to attend to her there; then he went down into the hall, and took a chair there; his face was like the face of a . dead man. Nor did they altogether neglect him. Af ter a short while Jane the parlor maid caine running to ask whether he would not have some tea, or hot soup, or brandy; but he only i.aid, "No, thank you-no, thank you,", to these friendly suggestions. And Morag, the Mull lass her face "sair begrutten"--not knowing what else she could do, brought cloths to wipe away the water from his ankles and feet.. , . "Morag," my dear, he ¿aid to her in Gaelic, "it is kind of you, but it ls not necessary; could you not be of some service upstairs?" And then the doctor arrived, and, with a curt hod of recognition, passed Gilchrist and went on; the case wai3 too urgent to permit of formalities. The chivering, white-faced young man got up and began to interest himself with the stags' horns ranged along the wall. Oh, yes, there were some good heads-«¡orne fine royals, with admirable cups-only that his eye did not seem to convey any permanent impression, to his brain. Undoubtedly, there were excellent head.-:, he strove to convince himself brow, bay, and tray, all admirable-and likewise there were strange monstrosities too, quite worthy of inspection; and he tried to observe them, by way of pasaingthe time; and he thought he saw them but all the while his heart was listening for the first footfall on the carpet of the stairway. "My good friend," said the doctor, when he came down, "you ought not to be here at all. you ought to be in bed. You are shaking as if with the palsy. No wonder, perhaps. But come away, I will drive you home-" "The news, doctor, the news-what do you think?" the younger man exclaimed. He ; was hustled Into the brougham, and the doctor followed. "You'll tíave to get home at once, and drink some, hot spirits and go to bed- for I don't want another patient on my hands just at present--" "But-but-your opinion-what do you think of her?" he asked, in a-frenzied fashion, as they drove off; he paid little attention to his owi shiverings and shakings. "Oh, well," said the doctor, cautiously, "such a shock to the system, in the middle of a high fever, is serious enough. Yes. Undoubtedly. . Very serious. Very bad. But who knows ?-r-she has youth and strong health on her side; never any young lady I have known was stronger In her health than Miss Eelin Macdonald; yes, yes. t hate been privileged to look on her swimming in heavy water, too; and I've seen her rowing the ease and grace of the stroke Just admirable; and I've seen her throw a salmon-line-and who is there, man or woman, who can throw a better? And all these things help-they help to build up a constitution; and she has all along been as strong as a young colt-and she may pull through any thing. But it ls you I have to deal with at pre sent; and you are going home-and going to bed." Archie Gilchrist went home; but he did not go to bed; when he had changed hi» clothes, he made straight for the office of the "Invernish Ob server." "Grieve," said he, to the sub-editor, "will you look after things for the next day or two? I may not be hack-" "But what's the matter?" said Grieve. "You look very 111!" "Ah, that's nothing-that's nothing," he said. "If you would open letters and attend to affairs generally for a day or so-I am leaving by the middle-day train for Lairg; and the drive to Alt na-Tralve Is long-" "But, Gilchrist, you don't seem fit to travel anywhere!" his comrade remonstrated. VOh, yes, I can manage," he said. ; "I can manage. I am not made of sugar and salt. And you'll look after everything while I am away, ? won't you; and if there's any serious news you might telegraph ; to. Alt-na-Tralve-only-only" I shall be back soon." 