VxSfoAttto WATEBHOLB BI MAYNE UXDSAY. THE road- from EUiogtu to Mili tary township ran, Cor three or four miles, through die lvecVrle J>rol> ertj. In Wre tinyttpie it -WSS «. .wi31 Ir'^nenVSJ road Cor an up-eoiimtry thoroughfare: traveling flocks and herds crawie 1 along it with clouds of white -dust about them, dw vws' etockwjiips lani «1ioee from the Aree*; and townsfolk drove uy with clatter of boots over the metal; and here a station band and there a limping evaggee dotted the broad white track that slid into -the distance. Year* before the AWhet 8f Lefctrie had thick ptantaJtioilS M Dlufe •rtms fctesidij the Mad i'<J shelter his shee^i in the cold \"1ctorTan Midlers when smudgy istaj;. BoMs fitVefet JUp ffeottl thl! weaAer comer and the wind raced across tile open pastures, fo- i I w, diiil and piercing; and the rain whipped -with stinging lash Into the faces of the boundary ciders, Splaeh j ta«5 ,fe<l<K*t tfs&p; in mild cicroes tlie 'haddocks. The 6eed grew to a. belt ot giant trees ; so tall that theirtops seemed to touch the sky, and so thick that, even at noonday, there was el I>uB *patUtt£ jjicu Satppsiqe etn ways « solemn twilight in their miUsi, Uie -wheezy iujrj,ti <*f the IftughlHg fcslifeil answering peals from the silence. The plantations loomed even more gigantic at night beside the ribbon like road, and threw long shadows across it from their blackness. They were not cheerful company when the niglit had dropped Upon the plains, even when a yeltow. Aflsttalinfl iUtotti; big i>Utl etirllig, bad climbed into the sky above them, to watch the belated wayfarer with friendly eye. And the two men -who bad ridden from the far distance oat of (be November night instinctive)?,- tlrfew relh AS they ne&i;«d the shadofr, aiid let tbeir IMtsffi edaggte across the road till DHiAe jingled again&t; bridle, and Waltustey, Btrotchlnc olit bis band, cbnld givfe a friendly touch to the nock of Heaviside's mare. "There's a desolation about these <mdless roads," he said. "It ought to ibe a. relief, I suppose, after the din of Collins street and the bustle of men all about one, bat I dOti't know that It dijes hot repel me." "It has its compensations," said Heavistde. "Once a brahman, alm^e [ a bnshman, as a. rale. It would kill me to live in Melbourne now." "Yes, I supitose that it Is (lie feel ing that come of irtbnofaMng "srtui nature, in season and out of season," said theother. * • • "Hew Mack and torirtdOing theee pifljrbariooB ate. Tliey don't look <i if tiiei' tarited I four familiarity.*' "They do not and that's a fact" said Hteorlslde. "They have a tray of being 80 Insolently excl'ivee that I prefer to ride borne across !k put!-' docks it I Am alone. And then tfcere'e tie Tendaiio '•Tiie what 5* Qeariside Jammed his iritemkc ! on to his forehead and eooshed a \- short, embarrassed cough. They were well within the shade of the trees ww, and its tolflct fringe spread over the road and the wire fence that boiind it, into the paddock beyond. Where tie tagged edge stopped came the* ■white, moonlit plain, sM and shlnntmecing, as Car as the eye could "The Yandarto .Waierhole lies In the heart of the last plantation, two miles from here," lie aid. It's a gloomy, desolate place; quite bidden by the trees, though it is not more tbao thirty .yards biack from tbe high way. Tlio story Is that (here are things to be seen and heard tJtat— ; aren't there, you know; and die light of a. camp fire to toe seen flickering through the trees, that yet is gone when jm press through to it."* "Aii, ghosts *" said Walmsley. tight ly. He was a materialist before all things. "tfneatisCaetory notions, ghosts. A murder, of counse, to «urt with r "W«H yes. A drover named Jen kins Is supposed to lave stabbed iiis mace, one 4Bobert Self, and thrown him Into tire water one flight nhcu they were camping alon^vide Jt. Some Ellington men we passing about midnight, and saw the red gleam of a die through the trees, and heard angry voices, and then a yell, and then silence. They did n<A rhink much of it ai the lime, but afterwards inquiries began to be made about Self, j whose relations in Geelong were anx ious about iiim. They traced bim out of Ellington, and then Jenkins was 'wanted.' As it tobppened, the latter had been working tbe year before-fab a station where he was a jackaroo— that's seventeen years ago now—and so I was called upon to give his de-1 seription to tbe police. (Middle-aped : man be was then ; (luieft and inoffen- j sive enough to all appearance. They never found him after the hue and j cry began, -and it was «<*«»■ Self's dis appearance thai there came yams of something -uncanny about the Yaji darlo hole. I don't know that tbercH Is much more "to say about at, but tjie fire and voices stdl goes on. and it's a1! fact tbait I iave seen tbe glint of Itghtjj Utere. and heard sounds, -when I have] known that there was not a living* eoul wititin fire miles. But I never] wait in <U> investigate, and 1 steer ! through the paddocks on <lark nights, j for company's sake." "It's a. good] story," said Walmsley, thoughtfolly-J ■"Dramatic, mo. Would work eo j wdl." Heaviside stiffened. That is my experience,"' be said, shortly "I don't doubt it," «ald Walmsley. "I was only considering Jt from the literary, professional point of vtejr. All Is fish that comes to my net; yon know. It wants eometMng more: though—some element of personal in terest." The dry tone.JaiaseB on Heaviside's < mind, wherein fcnsit life had engen dered a respect; tor the Incomprehen sible not to be toobd in 4he city-bred. He threw (back his head, nod began to whistle an iixevelanl ditty, while Walmsley followed bis own train of thought in silence. They jingled on with creak of sad dle and dick of hoof, and the black shadows shortened as the moon crept op above them.. Heaviside wound up "The Sick Stockrider" melodiously, and brought his eyes down from the stars to let their glance travel jolo the j blackness ahead. Then he cangiit at j the reins and checked the mare. t "Personal interest, I think you said V be queried, with £be note of excitement in his voice. "Strikes me > you've got it now. Ivook there V I He pointed with his forefinger at. Hie black wall of trees that stretched ? before and bevoud tbem. Wj" 3isle~. j too, drew rein and followed ue line begun by ontheld arm and hand to where it touched the plantation, a quarter of a mile away. **I see H toead of light." he said. "Ah 1 Then -I 41m'no dreamer of dreams. That light marks the Tan ilailo watcriiole." ( "i'liiuk : Lei's ifido on a bit ■ a lid ualL-li iK'vcRPliuicin;. 1 \t mill' sccii 11 wueu I've uc«u uore witu aii uLiiur man tart'ore, ami ts.nu- j ulates inquiry. Vwne on. ' 1 lauj- urgi-u liiuir uoiscts Suio a 1.01, ' ana \% uliusiey kept ins fyw uii [.]e ; liglii as tiic uisuuee iirsstfiiiu. i-iuui Juu ttlen»>t specK uc liix- ju Uie iuu£ j b>ack Hue at grew iui.o a Wavri .u;., ; siUr^iiAlKd li^iu, {^luaiuiiig faiu:<v u u*i i yet rnaduf iirtiiud tail trace* ; mi- | ■igli*- tiiilt it Juo vt_-s tiirousu ^ . itetmeu tliickiy pUDtud ireer,. { Uiey tftopped ontK Uiot"*!. 4"iilrty or lor- : y.trus iraui tbe tqwt, shfc noaix-* <rt J liie Ore; owing JLpl>areUtiy to tile J dejxli ot Uie iilaiitauou, was luvit>roit', ] Dot tliere waas (lie red flicker ot flames j ccaily reflected on die straight, tow ering put and lunr fi^uiug, now j fluking. behind tile UDdergiwvtb. I *-N<A lnti'tHi llEe & will-®'^tie-wisp. ■ jb it '{■ said HeavisKJe. "No, it's a camp fire, pJainly enough. Sat It seems to me it aiigtit very well \Viia£'ts tiiat V" I There broke through the trees Ibo, sound of Voices liteU+Hchwl lu aagetf 4' Uiie iuCEiKoatb {nail replyiuj? >0 <u>;' other seemingly, for so wortlK wMti | u> be distinguished. Then as oiie rose, hoarse with rage, into a mud tiellow, it was checked as suddenly as if a band had *been laid'upon the speaker'^ throat: Kileill-e hung low for J he luotteut, Hjiii..tl}i!re.,n)^K; ejj out, half-s*ifliH) anil pndurinfr »o lunger Uidii a 'bfeadl, ilie sct'eecii ol U mail in mortal agony. Walmsley sat motionless for. the second, for that horrid cry seemed to, stop the lilood In his veins, and lie feit his horse uiuoe and Sliiver between hie knees. Life caine back with ihe alence, mid he fluug himself from the shddle> "lii-—! the man thai is playing that devil^s joke «haM jpay fot' ^t I" iie said, stumbling across the' roafj to wards tlie treei": xlea%-ieide bad dismounted, too, hi6 heart galloping tu a mad tune, hut he held the reins of both horses, and he made no further advance into the nigiii than to stride forward and dutch the other man by the shoulder. •"Hold hard, old man," be said. "It's nothing rnnre ttian I told you. And briaven knows what is behind those tteeS;" _ , f Walmsley wrested iiihifedf away. •T&eti; it is tluie 1 klieiv as well,"' he said. "It means block mischief, and 1 ain iiere to 5e<; It jSirtrapb.". "It means the old Yaudario mystery. Mac alive! *rhaz tms no human voice. All the countryside tnows the story." < "Bah!" said Waltusley. His" nerves were still jarring, and the op position maddened him. "What do I cttre how I lie country tJde blethers V I tell J rtu there lis some devilment afoot,; and if roiJ ore wofttb your gait you will tome wjth me. anil pUfr (lie man's paft—1ilibre." Aiid ll<S {Minted to the belt of trees, behind wbieh still the fireiight flickered. It bad never occurred to Hcavi fcide to doubt tlie presence of the supernatural; nor did R now, in face of the denial of It flung 'iJitis rudely iu bis face. Dot, {lie reproach that went with it had to be wiped out, and be tiitBtt1 tile rfiloS oVfef the dearest fence post and stepped deliberately for ward. "Tlmt last word was not in your happiest veim Walmslcy," 4ie said quietly. "If you go, 1 aid with you, ol course. Stop—not so fact. We'll go together.'' They fell iiitflS pace, and crossed the road side by side. Ab they urarcd the trees the reflected figiit, which had shone high up among the branches, was lost to tiiem; but there was still a glow, now visible, now disappearing when tbe trees blocked it out as they moved. They leaped lUe ditch ifaesSde the highway, 'Tossed the broad track beyond It, croiqicd close by many e traveling flock creeping wearily to some tar-oft station, scaled tbe wire fence that bounded it, and were in tbe beginn ings of tbe plantation, Hiigii-deep among rank grass, and sapling gum trees, and driftwood lying as the win ter winds bad blown, it. There IWalmsley paused. "We'll go as softly as may be," lie satd. "Wc must know vlio Is behind tbe trees before ire take action. Call yon KtiH tw the light V "Yfs. i omgiK a glimmer then." "It i6 out of 111 j- range (or the mo meut^; bat—ah, there ft is again ! Let ns go ahead then, and tell me If yon see anybody first. I trust your bush man's eyes better than my own." There was no word from Iieavi -eide, but Walmsley saw an answering nod before the next stride left them a pace apart, with the gloom between. Then fhoy plunged forward abreast into tbe MaiScness, to find it lightened by the veriest shadow of the moon light as eyes -became accustomed to their surroundings. They trampled on cautiously for a minute. Then Walmeley's voice muttered in Heari «tde*s hearing: *-D—n the light. It's gone alto gether now. Do you see anything 7" "Nothing. There is only darkness ahead, whereas we ought to he almost uf»n the ashes of the fire. Tbe wa terhote clearing must lie right in front tf us." "1 con see nothing but tree trunks and the glimmer of the moon up above. Where the deuce is that fit* T Question not to be answered. For, as he spoke, life eyes lifted momen tarily to the Mocks of sky that fitted tiie spaces between 4be interlaced leaves, the (mound crumbled under his feet, and he stumbled forward. ZaUing—falling. Tbe nest second Hfsivi side's hand upon his coat, collat etrang him back safely from the iri'a<-J]cro:i!> bank of the waterboie. ••That was a narrow shave." said the rescuer. "A man needs to watch carta step he takes in this darkness. And now let us go. What i told you -was true enough you cseei <but Lord knows? wbat may tie behind it. <I>her» is no fire, nor any smell of a fire in t!ie air—and this is tbe Yanilarlo tBMC" — Walmsley planted las feet upon firm ground and looked odiout him, stricken dumb by (the lack of u'j.tural explanation.. Black, gleaming water, a pool ten feet across Mtirrod at his feet, the ripples etill moving outward from where the foothold to which lie toid trusted bad disappeared. Be yond tlie gum -trees hnne back reluc tant. and left an open space wliere f the bark-shreds were scattered, and across Tribicli <1 wisp of moonlight icade a \rareriiig line. A dead branch bad fallen where the ground sloped to the water, and lay half in the mud and half in the touch of the water. gleaming like a. skeleton. X« tiling stirred but the rustling bark ; there was no life; no movement. And, abore all, there was no fire. "Well I'm !" said Walmsley, ! slowly. I . The mystery of the Incident, toril fflered him, but touched htm not a jjrhtt. HeiritMe, on the otiier Land, had bard work to keep a tight rein Ilpon hfs nerves, which mere less ex ited by the human possibilities of die iry that had ronsed Walmsley to ac C;on llian bjr the evil story -of the vwliolc. and tbc darkness thejt crowded dowu to it, and seemed so full of strange, vague torrore. "tome away, old wan," he said. • V-ul taw sua! 'for yourself how tt is. No human being could liav«? itrod ikn out that lire in I lie time wf. luive 4:!kcu 10 gt-i ilirtrngli ttic lilaatation." Hi' whivered. **15aii ! There Is some tiling deviii.-*fi la tlie jilace, to me. Vouk' awasr:" . i. *rilut it—Aid itiak Shriek, Ueavi-sido ! It rings in my care Mill." "V'litx-Yi'r utfored it is j«mt our Mil" said Heaviside, and lie dtivetcd :i£ain. Tup Ijlaek shadows among tile liWft ^eeiiiiid to suit a Jtatte near er, and tlie green 6lreak of UJdOa UglK flickered and danced across tile Little clearing, to tlie lip ol tlie -wa ter. ' W&lmsler; tliook Ills liead, ibaffled. litit s≪ toiceu*i8eed< Bt •»« rack fog Ills Praiti for <t «M»1 lie was in no irtood in •defeail. He had his own conviction fi'S #« a bidden presence in tiie darkness liiat ■rbrongud about Uiem, nod lie was guariuittg bis car* to cateb a tell-tale tiistle «r the emetic of a fallen twig, •fheii 8»d<MU£. »s ttier waited, lie ■started. jShk Khrflrd his bead to lis ten. and turned <bacfc lo Hair«i«e «ri umpbanHj-. "So inucb foe your ghosts ! That ic a man," lie said. The i>t!etjce of tlic nigh* was 1m» fctil by a dSSbtit SWM, &ttd; Hwvidde T^ta-tr it fM ihii «£r«mfili t)t Jbarfc Un der the feet DC e<mieofl£ irbrt -wag, ap proaching the further side of tlie #it terhole from die back of lire iHanta tlm, forty yards away. Sis quick car told birn that there were pauses in Hie noise that showed the new comer to lie a stranger like tbem sdves, bloudering through tlie dadc itesB vrftii lagging, hesitating steps. ■JTlie knowlfrdge relieved the -tension upon His tterr^s; ,,1'terr was nothing glioBtlj- in tUe sound, aac? 4i$ was read}- to declare, with Walmsley, that it was a man. "Has he too been attracted by the liglxt or is it our practical joker re turning to the scene of his exploit V meditated Walmsley, half-aloud. And then be paused, for the voice of the unknown brote from (behind the trees in a quivering appeal. "Rdbbie I Bobbie Self! Sbow a flare 1« (<-11 mo where you be ! It's mortal dark." Ueavi side's feats started up once more. '•me naine I i)a foti hear tbe name 7" lie eaia, (ind cstagtit_ his friend by the arm. "He is tilling tee dead drover." Walmsley shrank tack a little into the gloom. "It's part of the came, no doubt," lie said. "And flow lookers-on 11]ay eee the 1»est of it. Only—wait. Ah, lie's nearer now I" The voice came again, end the scronrii of tbe undergrowth grenv louder. "X siwear to j ou t be ■a-aoming, Bob bie. For tbe dear Lord's sake, show a. ltarc!" There was the note of pitiful en treaty in the appeal. In the bush that followed <the listeners could bear the labored breathing of someone for cing his tray painfully towards the water. Then the Alack wall of shad ow beyond It gaped suddenly, and a man etuirtMed into tbe clearing, with Hie moonbeams dancing down upon his face. He was an old tnan, toent and rag ged. aud tbe finger of moonlight pointed oat to them a thin sunken face and straggling <beard under a battered wideawake. Once in tbe deadng lie stopped, swaying like a drunken man, and looked about him, searching the "twilight with his band over Ills eyes, like amau uncertain of his sight. Then be muttered to him self, and the men beyond the water hole strained their cars to hear him. "He carina bare gone away! Rob bie wooldoa. play the old man false, after the weary ejfles, and falling, calling, calling, a' tbe way." fle raised his voice again. "Ye may bear me now, Bobbie Self, for I've come out of the never-never to do your liid diug. And—l?in—Mred." The voice whimpered like a fretful child's. Walmsley's wiiisper came to Ileav teidc. "You know tlie stars. Can you get the -drift of this?' But Heaviside bad stepped' for ward with on unexpected movement. He was standing at the edge of the (rater, and lie lifted up" liis voice and spoke to tie tottering figure beyond. "It is tbe iiiddlng of tJod that lias brought you litre to-night, Hate Jen kins; Solicit 6eK will not answer you; no, not though you called to liim with your last breath. But you were not brought here vitlbaut pnrpose, and you know in your lion what that yurpose is." Waluusley Ira) started as the voice rang out, but the accent of certainty in die tone told of Heariside's con fidence In liis sudden action, and lie waited, "breathless. The*,figure of tlie oh] man straigbtened itself momen. tariiy, but lie answered without sign of hesitation or surprise. "Ay, ay! I taiow the purpose, bit 'tares Bobbie's ain voice that brought me here. And there -would be tliem that -would toe ready to bear, -to tell it to—I kenned that. Bo yon come over to me, sirs, for f am an old man to have come ft' the weary miles, and there is not strength for another step left In «ie."' Heaviside's response was to crasii through Hie undergrowth encircling lie wafcerlioie, and Walmeiey follow ing at his jheeis,- found -himself tjrought to a ftandstill in the little clearing. His triraid was kneeling on the ground witii the old in:iti V head upon his knee, and a hatful of wnta>r in -hie band. The reeum Ibent figure (ay very still, but the eyes moved and some words straggled out from the feeble lip*. "But—I didna.—think—"(would 1*: ye. Mr. Heaviside." "My God. look at his feet!" said Walmslcy, "he must 'have walked the breadth of Australia." Heaviside gave one look and aver ted liis eyes. It was not a grieasam sight. Then he said: . "The man is dying of exhaustion. Can wo move 'him do you tlrink Y" \V:iImsley would iiave answered, tnu the old man had turned liis head at the suggestion, and lie made a fu tile effort to struggle into a sitting posture. "You will tna move me sirs. I was bidden to speak here, and 'tis here I must say it. I've not. many words left, I"m -thinking, and ye had better hearken while ye may." Sis eyes sought theirs. Heaviside felt the clammy forehead, and nodded in reply. The moon had climbed high up Into the sky now. and shone down fully. It showed the dying bee as cieaiiy as might have done the daylight, and it chased back the weird night shadows from the little group. The waterhole lay still in darkness, wldi only the faint gleam of reflected light upon-its surface. "It wa£ when ~wc campcd here, droving Iresou's eheep from the north. I flinna mind now bow the talk came tonnd to her, tout Bolible wan always one for lite "women. He didna ken—1 grant ye lie didna. ken she was handfasted to uie. and wlu-u tier name ran off Ms tongue I gave Mm tiie lie iu lijs teetb. * * * But I cunua dotfbt it was die true word,! Cor I Ai-aa never the mail to take a : you us lassie's fancy, and be bad liut1 to lift his Utile finger to them—young and old alike; * * • Bnt 1 iovetl her—ech, sirs, | loved her purely I And so might any man. • • » But it robsed die; for he laughed' wF it. * * * He had tllwsvs 3 loose niaii ner of speech, bad Itobttie—1 ntot say to you lie luttf served the lassie 311\. And I gave liim the lie in his teeth, and lie struck the "word uack upon tojr BxJutl). * * * It wasoa for myself 4Bdt the Mood went n> my bead. • • • I %a* knu^vij l was not a mail for any lake's fancy. * * * It was the laugh that -went wi" it. Tile knife was ready to my hand—and I sect It home. * • » lie feJl donVB tfdeways, and lie 'scre^fSted * * * iie screeched." He and ills egrets dosed for a moment. HeftVtside wiped the damp forehead again, asd presently the voice Trent on. "TJlien he died, ■though I "svould ba' giw a dear life Itself, to 4>ring -iiirn ' baHc. 1 dragged him to the wuter hole—AbWe, was a big stone that car ried him d<r#it: After I had done it I cried to Jiini, but be wouMna ausw«-r me. I drove the sheep cSii -tinmjsh it was scarce past midnight, on— tbe>- dropped. The other man took I tiiem et'eFj Alld he looked queerly at mast iw been half mad by then. Ttiai siifrtd tie, and I humped my swag and went, cut back—out back. I would la' ioofced ip»i» her at Kooyong Koot, 4>ut she was gon<>. I was never the man Cor her -"But the coming iiack V" said Waluisley. eagerly. The journalist s instinct did not desert bim The old man's "head ®ad dropped very low,-, Unit the voice Bickered ujj n gain ai tb'£ ifpktf; *■1 bad wiiWtf always for tos Uid dtag. and «t last 86 calicd-and I cam-;—calling—calling—a' ttoft way • Then the life flashed back tor toe moment, and .be raised himself upou one elbow, and bis voice rang ""J""1 tue darkness, "1 iifl' cooic back. Boil bie! I ha' come back! You need ua call so loud !" And bo the etory at the Xandarlo wjUerholc fonud fte way to iWtieniug care. Btlt Walmsley tm not coa tent. H« (stood tack while Heavlside laid tte poor travel-Btelned body ile t-entljr upon the ground atfd covered ft for Hie "ten- hums that meant the ride out and back to the township, and be stared long at the sti® gleaming to ter, and the silent vjgbi. What did it all mean ? Th£ plan tation stirred with the whispering of lie shredding bark, tbe leafy rustle where a IHUe breeze was moving across tbe tree tops, the occasional KL-utOe of a hidden rabit. The moon i light shimmered here and there «miotrg the trees, but It showed ouly tlielr straight. towering columns, and the light iiidergrowti) around them. The Cresb night nif, heavy with the smell of cncalyptus, filled «is nostrils and toucln>d his tared head with car essing fingers. Bot still, with greater mysteries of life and death about h i in, his brain clamored for a. solution to that ritransc first incident. "He lias not explained—sthe rest! And Hearfetde, what impulse uiade yon stand out and speak TT "1 do not know," said Geavtside, slowly. "What made <the sipiit a ad sounds that brought us here And Walmsley found, no answer to tbe question. —(THE EKD)— 