TÏÏEAÎRICIL NOTES. ¡ (By The Johnnie.) The Thespians" performance ol "Caste" st the Theatre Royal, in aid of the Convalescent Home, Cottesloe, was excellently attended on Monday night, and the interpretation was a good ama- teur one. I mean this wefi, but what a certain "cricket,'''who shall be unmen- tionable, meant by ctmparíng-their work with an inferior professional one, I don't know. I shall be pleased to see further work at the hands of Sus combination. ***** Mr. Arnold Denham, assisted by the Gourlays, further assisted by Messrs. Stuart Duncan, Arthur Laceby, and Miss Helen Beauchamp, and still more so by a "strong and powerful company of artists" (vide advt.) will open the Theatre ' Royal to-night (Saturday) with "My Sweetheart.'' Now, for, sweetheart, I have a certain amount of swetheart, I ha.ve a certain amount of right to criticise him before he does open: therefore, I object to the phraseo- logy ?'strong and powerful'' as an at- tempt to mislead the public into the be- lief that he has two companies, one strong and the .other powerful. Yet if " he treats "My Sweetheart" weil, I wifi forgive him, and wish him well of her. into the bargain. * * * * At the Bijou, Fremantle, Messrs. Frank Clarke, W. B. Warner, Speed, and Miss St. John La$& sustained the principal parts of "The Octoroon" dur- ing the week. * * * * * Messrs. George Anderson and Alf. Muir are getting "togeífeer a variety company for the BohemiarfisSL Fur- ther paritculars anon. ***** The "Era" has it that ib» Eellinos and Hayters will return here, the former in twelve months' time, the latter in 1900. * * * * * The "Firm's" Royal Opera Company is meeting with phenomenal success, says the Sydney "Daily Telegraph. " ***** The revival of "Dorothy" is to be fol- lowed by the production of "La- Poupee," and with "The Geisha" the season will be completed. The company afterwards goes to Melbourne. The Knight-Ferrar Company will take its place at Her Majesty's, and play "Harbour Lights," "Under the Red Robe," 'The Christian,"', and other dramas. I * * * * j I leam that the "Sign of the Cross" Company will consist of 60 neople ; thai in addition to "The' Sign of the Cross," "The Prisoner of Zenda," "A Royal Di- vorce," and "Tfate Two Little Vagabonds" will be staged, both here and (previously) in Adelaide. ***** j Of "One of the Best," Bland Holt's melodrama at the Royal (Sydney), the "Era" says : -"It is strage how often the 'most romantic incidents in melodrama are realised in'actnal life. When Messrs. Seymour Hicks and George Edwardes' drama 'One of the Best was produced at the Adelphi Thteatre in December 21, 1395, mest of us thought the purloining; of the plans by the villain of the fortifica- tions for a Continental Government to be a mere flight of fancy. Yet the pivot cf the drama, has been paraieUed by the ex-signalman of the Ganges training ship, who was sentenced to 18 months' hard labor for stealing a confidential signal-book which he intended selling to a foreign Power. ***** The Opera House gains what the Tivoli loses, and this week it will receive Miss Peggv Pryde, Miss Marian Ainsworth, and Mr. G. H Woods. The Tivoli, how- ever, gets Ugo Biondi. ***** At the Princess's (Melbourne) "Under the Red Robe" succeeds "Harbour Iights," ***** Mr. Rickards is sending a variety com- pany to Brisbane. Date of opening, Oc- tober 22. Miss Pattie Browne's comedy drama company will probably take up the the running also early in November. This to follow a season in Melbourne and a re- turn to Sydney. * * * * The Hayters are now playing at the Empire, Birmingham, in sketches they introduced here. * * * * . Actors rarely take life more seriously than other people, but though they gen erally take it more seriously than peo- ple imagine, they are quick, to appre- ciate amusing contretemps. * * * * In Dunedin some years ago a travel- ing company were playing a love drama, the love I may say being dealt out with no niggard hand. The leading lady was wife to the stage manager, and the stage manager on this occasion was drunk, very jolly drunk. The lady and her husband did not- always agree. This much being known, I can come to the scene. Be- hold then, a pleasant little arbor in the foreground, and a trellis-work back- ground, about half way up which a cir- cular hole wa« arranged for the moon to take its place- at the proper moment, and beam benignantly on the lovers. The leading lady and the hero were clasped in one another's arms, and the moon could be gradually seen . oming into position. In a moment it reached its allotted place. Vows of constancy are being made, when suddenly the moon disappears, and the rubicund face of the stage manager is obtruded through the circular hole-r-"Hkv' he ejaculates inconsequently ; then (seeing his wife in another man's arms), "Its all right, my dear, I can get a divorce now." * * * * Most playgoers have-seen "Ten Nights in a Bar Boom," and will remember the sober, very sober. Romaine, the temper- ance lecturer. But, if they have never seen a drunken one (and, mind you, it is a part for which one might be some- what excused for getting drunk in pre- viously), they have missed a most amus- ing reading. To hear, as I have heard, and see, as I have 'seen, the part sus- tained by a man who, himself, was sus- tained by beer and the wings and flats, cannot but cause an intense feeling of amusement. Especially when the im- maculate lecturer comes to his big speech, and delivers himself of the bries : "Continual intoxication is the epi- tome of every crime. AU the vices that sfcaon our natue germinate within it." . . . eta, etc, punctuated by "hies," and "ohs" and other sonnas for which we have no lexicographic equivalent. * * * * . On her visit, to New Zealand, Ma- dame Sarah Bernhardt was driven out to one of the native settlements in order that ehe might witness the native war dance, which had been arranged in her honor. The Maoris were, of course, in their element, and the terribly exciting nature of the dance, the barbarous ges- tures, the shouts and shrieks with which they accompany the war and love songs, made many a spectator tremble with fear, and long to withdraw his eyes and person to some safer spot. At last the exhibition was brought' to a close, and Madame Bernhardt was driven town wards. But the spectacle had so enraptured her and affected her volatile nature that in the middle of the principal street she compelled the jehu to stop, and stepping out on the pavement she satisfied her irrespressible impulse by dancing to her ! heart's content, regardless of the gather- ing throng of people, vcho assembled to witness such a novel freak. ****#. The following information regarding Miss Ethel Haydon (as contained in an English, paper) may be news to some, and not-uninteresting to others who have met her personally : -Miss Haydon was born in Australia, where she attained considerable popularity as an amateur actress ; ami whilst playing Mabel in "The Pirates of Penzance" for a charity, she attracted the notice of Mr. William- son, who offered her an engagement at the Princess' Theatre, Melbourne. As her father had suffered heavy financial losses, Miss Haydon accepted the mana- ger's offer, and decided to adopt the stage as a profession. She played va- rious characters, including "Sweet La- vender," under Mr. Williamson's manage- ment, which resulted in an offer from the Brough and Boucicanlt Company. She, however, decided to try her luck in London, where she knew there was so much moe scope for rising talent. The public gave her a complimentary bene- fit as a "send-off," and on September th, 1894, she sailed for England, Sir Henry Irving had written, promising pun 'rsAius JSIT UO juaniaSsSua ne jaq this promise was redeemed as soon as she landed, when she rehearsed a part in '?King Arthur." Having received an offer from the Avenue, which Miss Havdon saw at once was more in her line, she-asked to be released from ber engagement, which the Lyceum knight generously consented to do. She conse- quently appeared in "Dandy Dick Whit- tington" on the last nigh, laboring under the disadvantage of a severe affection cf the throat, but finally made a favorable impression, and after the run of that piece Mr. Edwardes engaged her to ap- pear in "The Shop Giri" on tour, and subsequently at the Gaiety, where she has since remained. Miss Haydon has every reason to be satisfied with her success in this country, and her sur- roundings at the Gaiety she describes as most comfortable and happy. * * * * Mr. Hebert Sillard tells the ffollowing stories in a late number of ^Cornhill.'' Like most actor-managers, Macready was pestered by would-be dramatic authors. One . Manning, an ambitious young fellow, brought him a five-act tragedy to Drury Lane. "My piece,""' ex- plained the author, "is a chef d'oeuvre. I will answer for its success, for I have consulted the sanguinary tastes of the public My tragedy is so tragic that all the characters are killed off at the end of the third act.7' "With whom then," asked the manager, "do you carry r n the action of the last two-acts!" "With the ghosts of those who died in the third !" was the answer. .... On the production of the piece called "The Spy," the early acts showed that it w:«s going to prove a failure. So, when ai a certain point-, a character had to rush on and shout "£500 for The Spy,';' the author actor, who was concealed be- hind a rock, arose and cried, "Ifs yours-copyright, manuscript, and parts." The performance was then brought to a dose. * * - * * * The M'Adoo Minstrel Troupe, en route to the eastern goldfields, will visit Guild- ford, Newcastle, and Ñorthani. They hope to play a short return season in Perth before leaving the colony. Mr. J. St. Clair, in advance^of "The Sign of the Cross" Company, arrived at Fremantle on Monday bv the Paroo. * * 4 . * Among the well-defined crawling things that infest West Australia ex- ists a species of pressman, commonly known as the "bum reporter." Net the name by which he knows himself, however : he styles himself sometimes "Dramatic Critic," sometimes "Passe Partout," sometimes by some other norn de plume, for he is unacquainted with norn de guerre. Ar.d just as he is unacquainted with correct French, so he is with correct EisgUih, correct knowledge, honesty, ab"*Hy, decency, and many other thing» too noble- to know him. He is sonK- ti'ncs paid paid with money, som^t-mcs with pro- mises, and always is he rea- ly to ac- cept long beers instead. One of these disreputable animals has seen fit tc make a direct attack on two peuple, just because a reputable paper has vouched for them. Tactics like this have made the paper what it- is, less than the "Hawk." almost a "Dead Bird,'' but it is worse than dead-dying with leprosy. ***** But this condemnation after all is equivalent to praise when the source is known. Mr. Tal Trainor's reputation is hence enhanced. But what a thorn he must have been in the creature's sides. Fancy three separate references, which he and they and it have gone out of their way to print-but quan- tum sufficit '"Passe Partout." * * * * My readers will be interested to learn that a second genuine challenge has gone by default. First, Miss Minnie Anderson challenged Miss Ida Rosslyn to dance for £50 a- side, which chal- lenge the management saw fit-well, to pass by. Mr. Val Trainor also chal- lenged Mr. Steve Adson to dance for a similar stake. This also will be news to 'Tasse Partout." Mr. Adson has left our shores; how refretted, judge for yourself. ***** A certain paper, which has been touting for an advertisement for some time past, was issued this week on the correct date, judging by its news, which was 7 days at least behind time. With the exception that such parts of the theatrical news, which are authen- tic, were printed by "S.T." some weeks ago, that the remaining matter, which is interesting, is also old, save and ex eeptjng such that is invention, the paper is good enough to be used for fire- lighting or other purposes. * * * * * The j serf ora tance of "Dorothy-'' by th« Soya! Comic Opera Company iras been as favorably received as any of the pre- vious operas of the firm. All the prin- cipals are eulogised by the chief Sydney paers, and the efforts of the ballerinas hardly lessee. The mounting, of course, was such as the patrons of Her Majesty's are accustomed to. "Dorothy" will pro- bably be succeeded by "La Poupee." * * * * '"lia Poupee" was first presented in England a little more than twelve months ago at the Prince of Wales Theatre (London.). It is the work of Messieurs Or danneau and Audvan, but adapted 1w an English stage by Mr. Arthur Stur- gess. "The piquancy and melodic smoothness of the music (writes an autho- rity), combined with the whimsical ele- ments of the story, gave the work a dann to public favor, which waa promptly re- cognised." "One of the Best," founded on inci- dents conected with the Dreyfus case, has been /-ginang considerable interest at the Theatre Royal, Sydney, and the cablegrams of late have greatly accentu- ated this interest, seeming to some ex- tent a commentary on it. The play is a thorough military one, and the degrada- tion ceremony is one of the chief situa- tions. This melodrama was first pre- sented about two years ago. Its success was uncommon, its scenes admired on account of their strong settings and mar- tial surroundings, but now there is a life interest attached to it. lt seems as though the hero were a personal ac- quaintance, and a muchly-wronged man into the bargain, and each playgoer figuratively shakes hands with the re- leased man, and wishes him the best, of luck in future. ***** At the Tivoli Miss Peggy Pryde has entered on her last nights, and as she has for so long delighted the patrons of this house, I may be excused-for quoting an interesting par from the "Bulletin," which will give some idea of her person- ality. * * * * Ten o'clock at Sydney Tivoli, and the audience is wearying. People slouch in their seats with dulled eye» and jaded brains, and have only languid smiles for the actors, who a little while ago won boisterous laughter. The pit exhales strange odors to the dress circle; the dress circle adds its own aroma and ' passes to the stifling gallery. There is a noticeable sense of expectation, which heightens to eagerness as a turn ends and the stage is empty. Backs straighten ; eyes brighten; programmes: are lifted; the orchestra mutters preliminary bars. . . . . and there hurries to the foot- lights a giri-she looks only a girl such as Mile-End road on Saturday inght sees by the thousand, plump, coquettish, audacious, with plain jacket and skirt, and a feather in her hat which challenges and invites. She nods to the audience, and instantly the whole theatre seems aKve with her-she is so recklessly, mag- nificently vital. Never still an instant, she advances, retires, bends with hands on hips to vent a low, rich chuckle from a gurgling diaphragm-a real CarroIHan chortle-talks with the ease of a bon cama- rade, the aplomb of .a stage veteran. She sings in husky contralto of a husband who digs in the backyard for Klondyke gold : but her song is nothing, her voice is little, it is herself that fascinates and impresses--less a giri, a woman, than a force, an impetus, a jolly good fellow who flings herself at you and overpowers you into admiration--the restless embo- diment of splendid, animal energy. Bravo, Peggy Prvde!" ** * * * * Miss Addie Place is now appearing at this house, and I gather that, haning a nervousness similar to that which she exhibited on her first appearance here, her debut was thoroughly successful. * * * * Mr. Harry Shine and Johnstone Wen are playing at the Lyceum "The Land of the Living." * * * * Mr. Philip Newbury has arranged his Melbourne dates rill New Year's Day. * * * * Fitzgerald's Circus will tour overland from Sydney. They expect (the mana- gers, people-,xand animals) to reach Mel- bourne at Cup time. Messrs. Batemao and Maurice Narad opened the Royal (Melbourne) witt "A Trip Round the World in Eighty Days." * * * * That meteoric and extraordinary player, M. Validimarde de Fachmann, says 'The Illustrated London News," has for the moment finished bis piano- forte recitals in London. He probably plays Chopin better than any living pianiste. His is a most curions and brilliant talent. In a bagger music, where a great breath is required, he is perhaps not so successful. Even for some very great music it does not do. As Russell La veli once said, marking the italics so deliciously-to be too sen- sitive! This is precisely the solution of M. de Pach mann's problem, who associ- ated with Chopin is simply a genius, but with certain other composers is oc- casionally disappointing.'' . * * * . Sarah Bernhardt's idea of a holiday is "to go to bed in a quiet room, stay there during the day reading and dozing, dine in slippers and dressing-gown in the evening, and as soon as convenient thereafter go back to bed." 