Rof'lQN. " " A MIDNIGHT CALL. Sour. 40 years ago, a clever young Aberdeen minister— tho Rov. Walter Glcndinning— received a cull to a charge In Moldrmn, or Old Meldrum, ns it is more correctly, though much loss frequently, called. Ho had entered on his new duties in that pretty nnd romantlcally-bltualcd liltlo town only a week or two, when an Incident oc curred which was destined to live in his memory till the hour of his death. It was his custom hi tho early period of his ministry to study far Into the night; and moro than ono nornmn was preaolicd from that village pulpit which would have won the admiration of many ft fnshionablo West End congregation. He was seated in )i!b study in tho mnuso of Moldruni lato ono memorable Saturday night, reading over for tho last timo tho notes for Ms sermon on tho morrow, when, without raising his eyes from the paper on whioh his whole attention lmd boon couccnlratcd, ho suddenly became conscious that ho wtiB not alone In tho room. A strange, indefinable feeling, whioh, per haps, wo have nil experienced nt ono timo or utiothor, had possession of him ; and, without altoring his position in tho least, ho know that nomcono stood behind him. Whatever wero his sensations, therefore, no surprise mingled with them, when, on turning his head, ho bohcld the tail figure of a man standing with his hand on tho back of his chair. He roso quietly, and faced hlin ; nnd tho Intruder, roinoving his huud, folded his arms, nnd calmly returned the minister's inquiring look, no was clad in a suit of homespun, dark In color, aud rough in texture ; anil his faco, with its handsome, regular features, was dondlypnlu. Ills black, matted hair, with a streak of sllvor showing here nnd there througli it, fell low on his forehead, and his darkoycH had in thom u look of linunting sadness. There nro times when our senses nro pre- ternaturnlly sharpened, ami Mr. Glondinnlng while he noticed nt a glnnco every detail of his strange visitor's appearance, saw also that tho door of tho room was closed, nR it had been during the entire evening. He had not heard it open, and, ns ho had sat facing tho window, bcforo which tho thick winter cur tains wero closely drawn, tho presence of a second person in tho room was, to Hay tho least of it, mysterious. And now something quito as curious oc curred. Opening his mouth to demand nn explanation, the minister found hewusun- ablo to speak. Ills lips formed the word of inquiry, but no sound camo from hotwoon thom. lie coughed, and tried again, but with tho snmo result, no was unable ovon to whispor tho words ho wished to Hpcnk. Ho was not in tho least nervous, but, in spite of his scepticism with regard to such things, nnd his strong common rcuso, a sensation of something akin to nwo stolo over hitn, and ho foil involuntarily that he was in tho prcacnco of tho supernatural. Mcnmvhilo tho figure had silently stood with folded arms, regarding him quietly with his molancholy oyes. Now, however, ho turned and walked slowly towaids tho door, whoro, looking over his shouldor, bo beckoned to tho minister to follow him. Tho latter felt compelled to oboy, and when his strango conductor opened tho door, and quietly, but rapidly, glided bcforo him along tho silent passage, and down tho staircaso, to tho entrance, ho still followed ns In a dream. All feeling of wondor had left him by this timo. Ho no longer desired to know the reason of such unaccountable liberties being takou on tho part of a stranger. IIo seomcd to ho completely bereft of his own will, ami neted like ono In a hypnotic trance. Undoing tho fastenings of tho hall door, ns if fully nwaro that his companion, being imt flesh and blood, was iucapablo of passing through solid wood, tho strnngcr opened the door,, and stoppod out Into the night. Just for a moment tho minister hesitated. Just for u moment ho tried to gather his scattered faculties together, and once moro ondoavoured to demand an explanation. But, as before, tho nttompt was futile. IBs voico was gono; Ills will was gono; and he was entirely in tho hands of this orcaturo, who moved on boforo him down tho garden path, still looking over his shouldor from timo to time and beckoning to hitn. Mechanically ho resumed his weird gnmo of " Follow my Leader," nml found himself passing through tho littlo garden gate into the high road, almost bcforo he scorned to have crossed tho throshhold of the door. # Meldrum, liko moat places, lms its "oldest 5" and, if his memory still sorve him, ho will rocollect tho timo when tho old Manse was tho nearest house to tho church- of Moldrmn. Tho Mansion houso of Kirkhill now claims that distinction, tho Manse having long since fnllcn to deenv, and been rcplnccd by tho fino building at the otlior end of tho fmvn Imt nt tim i;,»A ...1 this Incident occurred tho old Munso occupied a position much nearer to tho churchyard than Kirkhill House. It stood just nt tho end of tho pnthwny which still leads to tho churchyard gato, this snmo pathway being ml that then Intervened betweon tho Manso rial lh cluiro11' ftlor cr0RslnB tlio high Down this litUo hedge-bordered path went tho liguvo, followed by tho minister, till tho gato of tho churchyard was reached. Tho night was vory dark, and tho lattor was unawnro till ho wns almost oloso upon hinr that his conductor hud stopped before tho gato, und just below the first of tho great trees which skirt tho avonno lending to Kirk- Horn the Rpcolro (for which Mr. Glcndln- ningnow belayed him to be), turned, nnd again regarded Ills companion with a look of penelvo molancholy. Tho clergyman was now shivering from head to foot, in spito of tho mildness of tho night. Ho folt that this horrible nlghtmnro must end, or ho should go ........ .....n puiji-r ior neip, no made ono mora offoit to sponlc, ond this timo ho Rueooodcd. " In tho nnmo of God," ho snid, solemnly, whnt do you wnnt with mo ?" n ithout nn Instnnt's hesitation camo tho ronly-it Boomed ns if tho Bplrlt ltnd only wnllod fqr tho minister to sitonk fltst, hotoro I tolling him tho object of his visit— " I.will toll yon," snid ho— and, though it may disappoint somo lovors of ghost stories to doolnro tho truth, his voico wns not " sepul. ohrnl," but soft nnd plonsnnt, lilto Hint of nn ordinary cultured clergyman—' " I will toll you. you are n clergyman, nnd I wnnt you to do something for me. " Ten years ago I was oruolly murdered, and my body war concealed In tno peat moss j between Meldrum and Bnthol Ohnpol. Tho exact spot is near tho south end of tho moss, and c ose Jo tho old Druid Stones, which nro still standing a little beyond it. Make mo a solemn promise to go thovo and glvo directions nt. 1,0,108 amoved and burled with Christian rites in tho churchyard, and I will trrmblo you no inoro." Ho paused. Still liko ono in a dream, and feeling that It was not In his power to itjfuHo, Mr. Glondinnlng gave tho roquirod promise; "To convince you," continued the spirit, " that I am sending you on no wild gooso errand go on Mnuduy, which ih thu Fair Day nt Jiathoi CJmpcl. Let it lie afternoon ero you set out ; and when well on your way you will seu iv man riding towards you on a white homo. Accost him, and ask lnm whnt lie did with Robert Chiahohn ; nnd mark how he atiHWcrs your inquiry. " In further proof that I have spoken truly 1 may toll you that whon my body is discovered, my silver snuff-box will bo found clasped in mv right hand." When ho had pronounced tho last words, nnd whllo Mr. Glundiiiniug still guztd nt hitn ns U fascinated, hp disappeared. Disap peared so suddenly nml completely that his auditor literally rubbed his oyes to moke sure that ho wns not dreaming after all. Ifo glanced over tho gato into tho church yard ; he peered down tho Kirkhill Avenue ; ho looked behind the huge trunks of the trees ; hut all to no purpose I Not a trace of his Into extraordinary companion wns to bo scan I Ho leant for n moment against tho gate, and tho perspiration stood in beads on his forehead. After a time ho regained his composure, and then realised that ho was standing by tho ohurchyar.d of Meldrum, nlono and bare headed, in tho middle of tho night. Taking out his handkerchief, ho wiped his forehead, Yutd began to rctruco his steps, pon dering deeply the while. When ho reached his own room, ho locked tho door, nnd throw himself, dressed as ho was, upon thu bod. Ho did not attempt to sleep. His brain was too active, revolving tbc ovents of tho flight, to make it possible for him to rIoho his eyes. The old e'ock on tho stairs struck hour after hour, hut still ho lay thero, motionless aud wldo ftwnkc. When morning dawned, ho had formed two resolutions, Ho would tell no ono of what had happened him ; and ho would go, as he had promised, to Bathol Chapel on Mouday uflornoon. IIow ho got through that Sunday ho could novcr afterwards rcmoinbor. ai two o ciock on -aioiiMtiy nuornoon ino horso ho had hired for his ride stood saddled and bridled at tho door ; and ho went off iu the direction of Bathol Chapel, still half-despising himself for his credulity, but dutennined, nevertheless, to fulfil his strango promise ; though lie felt that the search ho wns about to institute would in all probability, result in nothing but ridicule to himsolf. Up to this point the reader is at perfect lib erty to form what opinion ho plcaxcs with regurd to. what happened to Mr. Glondin nlng; hut tho truth of that which followed is vouched for by tho testimony of several wit nesses of unimpcachnblo veracity, ono or two of whom are still ullvo. Although it was yet comparatively onrly in thu afternoon, people wero already returning from the fair; somo driving or riding, and others walking in groups of twos nnd threes, chatting amicably together. After a time, however, the minister mot fewer people ; and ho lmd ridden u consider- nhlo distance without encountering anyone ; when, on turning a bond in the road, he came fnce to face with a man on horseback — and tho borso was a whito ono I For a moment the suddenness of tlio meet ing disconcerted Mr. Glondinuing, Ho had boon thinking so deeply that ho lmd not heard tho sound of approaching hoofs, and both ridors had to pull up, to avoid colliding with ench other. Curiously enough, all rcmombrancc of that part of tho colloquy with his midnight visitor which rclntcd his meeting wltn the men on ft whlto borso had passed from his mind, and it wns with a sort of shock that ho now suddenly recalled it, and rouicmbcrcd whnt ho wns ex pected to do before proceeding further. Muttering a halt apology for his somewhul rcckloss riding, the man was about to pass by him when Mr. Glendinning, without giving himsolf timo for thought, rode close up to bim, and, in a low but distinct tone of voice, repeated tho words of his lesson—" What have you done with Robert Chishohn?" lie bad boon told to mark well tho manner of reply ho should receive, and it was certainly romarkablo. With one swift, startled glance of terror nt tho faco of his interlocutor, and without speaking n word, tho fellow dropped tho reins, nnd (ell from bis horse as if ho lmd been shot t Rapidly dismounting, the minister knelt besido the prostrate liguro in the road, nnd, undoing his collar, pulled opon bis shirt front. Ho was a middle-aged man, in the dress of a gentleman-farmer, and strongly nnd heavilv built. To movo bim unuided was impossible, and it was with intenso relief that Mr. Glcndinning heard tho sound of approaching voices. A couple of young farmers, returning from tho fair, had witnessed from a distance the meeting of tho two horsemen, and had seen tho ono fall from his horse. Thoy now came running up, and tho combined efforts of the three failing to restore animation, the uncon- scious pntient was carried to a cottage at no great distance, where I10 was laid on a bed. Further attempts proving fruitless, the cot tager's son was despatched for the nearest doctor. Bcforo ho arrived, however, con sciousness returned, nnd the man regained full possession of his faculties without medical aid. But tlio doctor declared that his hours were numbered. Ho had bcon suffering for years from heart disease, and the shock he had sustained had been such as to make it ex- troiioly unlikely that bo would last till morn- ing. Lveryono know him except tlio clergyman, and everyone volunteered to tako a message to his wife. On hearing this, ho stnrled up in bed, and, stretching out his hand forbade the messenger to go. " No !" ho cried, " I have that to toll which she must not hear— from my lips at least; nnd if vou can keep it from her altogether, for God's sake, do ! But I cannot die with my crime uncoiifcsscd I Where," he continued "is the minister who apoko to tno on the road ?" Mr. Glcndinning approached tho bedside; and. innvptl l,l- il.A ..11 , . it — V uuwiger, ms wife, and son, and tho two young farmers who had so opportunely conio upon tho scene, drew nearer, und stood just behind him. Tho m0r 1,1 ,l 'm»' nciir the foot of the bed. Tlio dying man asked for somo water, and his request having been complied with, he inndo tlio following confession-— " By what strange moans," he began, ad- dressing Mr. Glcndinning, you have become possessed of n secret which I Imvo kept locked n my ovn breast for years 1 do not seek to Know, ltmt you are acquainted with it, tho question you asked me, and the expression of your oyes, convinced 1110 nt once. "Robert ChUholm was my friond, I innv say, my only friend. Wo novor had a differ ence of opinion till that fatal night. Wo were returning from Bathol Chapel together; and, m the courso of our walk, lie lot fall some words which revealed to mo the fact that ho and I lovod tho samo woman, t " Tlio demon of jealousy was aroused with- in me ; ami, in tho wild passion of the mo- incnt, I raised my heavy walking-stick, nnd .7 ri . .. " vlolon' mow on tno temple. He like a log, wfUiontnsigrj or groan. As I saw lum drop a terrible revulsion of feeling eamo over me, and 1 throw myself on my knees beside him, calling to him to speak, to rise, to move. dond! WUS n w"a dead— stone "A wild terror took hold of rao, nnd I to- nly dovlifall'work!' 8#nc",lu« " It wns then quito dark, nnd I raised the body In my arm,, nnd, leaving tlio road, car- lied it a long way ncross the pent moss. AlY StrcUOin Rnriimtl LMU,AI>1«, T f,lliRUQ 1 reached tbo south end of the moss. It was a weird and body I resolved to bury the " I worked for more than an hour, nnd Shu. w ? 0,1 "t,1 1 lma lo" tn>«« ; «»"- thing which could nrouso suspicion, 1 groncd immK Ji 1 V'0 'l'8'" r1Ul' Wl,h U, WOril of firo ' e my oyos in letters lie paused tor a moment ns It oihniistnd mm men concluded Ins story in these wordst- rhiil'Lmjat0r oU5-di81Wonrnnco ' "obort Clusholm boon became known ovor tho conu- lilii !Cr.u tw'ts getting dark whou wo loft Bathol Chapel, and wc had mot no ono 011 lie rond, it wns ensy forme to keep my seorct however, nnd with his blood oil mv soul i "Zlfl 'J010',' SloU; forl loved her tr.opi'rs- sionntely to glvo hor up, in spito ot tho brand of Cnln whioh rested on nw. „ " Vo" will understand mo now whon I to- Pont thnt nil knowledge ot my crimo must bo kept tram her, it nt nil possible." HO foil back mi thn itillnm ».%,1 . ..I < pallor ovorsnrend his feature. In Ics than an hour ho breiithcd his Inst— but not before he had signed his confession, which Mr. Glendinning had rapidly written out. Littlo moro remains to bo told. Guidod by tho position of tlio Druldical stones is tlio Hold just bevond the mni, nt the moss, tho minister so directed those at work, that, in u comparatively short timo. thoir efforts woro successful, and tho body of the murdered man was discovered. Owing to tho preservative properties of tho S? ' ; ,1l.w"s"h"?t :v '"j11 ,,s " h»<' b>on the night of its unhallowed iuterniont 10 years Mr. Glondinnlng saw tho face before tho notion 0! the ntinosphcie had affected it. It was tho countenance of his midnight visitor I In a sudden flash of recollection he stooped over the corpse, and drew from the rigid fingers of tho right hand a silver snuff box, having tho initials "B.C." engraved on the lid ! So ends the story of tlio Minister of Mel- drum's Midnight Call I The facts, in so far as thoy relate to the meeting on the road, the death-bed oonhssinn, and tho subsequent finding ot the body in the moss, are true in every particular; and arc supported, ns lms boon said, by the indubitable testimony of many witnesses. With regard to what passed at the manse anil ut the churchyard gato between Mr. Glcndinning and the spirit of Robert Chis- holm, no opinion whatever is offered. Tho thoughtful reader "can put two and two together"; and whether Spiritualist or Materialist, ho will doubtless be able to explain it to Ills own satisfaction. "I cannot say how tho truth may be ; I toll the talc as 'twas told to me." 