OPEHIHMF THE SPRING CAM PAIGN. GUINEAS DAY AT CAULFIELD. Tfie Chief Scores First Blood i for N.S.W. 'Bobadil Canters in for the Guineas. TooHkk Handicap Won Easily , by Massinissa, Bearing of the Racing on . . Coming Events, Caulfield Cup Probabilities. B.v "THE SPECIAL COMMISSIONER." 'u,<w Close ot operations, The Chief , was. -favourite fop ibD- opening event, i .tfie Caullicld Stakes, aud George Fred- crick, . Plfcture, Battalion, and Beka' were wort la deinaad of tbe others. The Cblcf was a irifle lighter .than «ncii I saw bim at llaiidwlck, but tlic Gozo fcdtlhig V;bo wed " Victorians ->rhal JUe U; cfepatflc of winning oasllyyTObJ Bafiaiiou ami VYSaiPa-Bk. The Qfctef Hid not pull m be gene- rally did iu -Syducy, aud Gough was niggling -t bim four furlougs from home, tyjt he was full of running at the fiofyb.' 'Tbe going was a. trifle heavy, find a strong wind was blow-: ong, nevertheless, toe time recorded, viz., linln 574oec, was very good. After DUe Gbkfs .fine diqihy, one ' would ttntonrily eraiot that bis price for the. jfidd. Cup would shorten, but in Victorian Club on Saturday night tfie ringmea were freely offer ing 100 to 0, .aud (be satne price was ten offer yesterday. As readers of my notes may be aware, I take the Gozo gelding to be ONE OF THE BEST HORSES WE HAVE OVER EIGHT TO TEX FURLONGS, but doubt his ability to get a strougly- run mile aud a half. Battalion ran the game, honest old horse that lie is, but Wait-a-Bit again shut tjp like a . jack-kuife when tackled in the straight For a horse that really can gallop fast and stay, Wail-aBit is probably the most pro nounced quitter we have seen for years, and his connections must be heartily tired. of bim by this time. Of tbe Cup horses that ran in tbe Caulfield Stakes, none shaped so pro misingly -u.s Reka. The brother to Portseii looked bright and muscular, and- had bo been banged right out would probably have deprived Wait-a- Bit of third place. Mr. Sam Cook thought Reka would nearly wiu, and though toe bay did not catch tbe judge's eye first, bis trainer has 110 reason to be disappointed with ibo bay torse's showing. Itekn has been backed by tbe stable for the Caulfield Cup, aud will assuredly run well in the mile aud a. half race. Mr. Patterson was unable to be present to see Hymettus sport silk in the Stakes, bufa few pounds were pur on the chestnut for him, Tbil Hp.v- wood thinking his charge would run a good race. .The Dauaonong trainer must have been disgusted with Hy mettus poor showing, for Norman Leek was hard at work half a mile from homo, and his mount only man aged tq beat one horse in the race. . Dfitois torm.Smettne could be un- dismissed from the Caulfield Cup calculations, but experi ence baa taught us uot to rely im plicitly on tbe Caulfield Stakes run ning. Parts, Boz. aud only last year, Amberite won the Caulfield Cup after falling to distinguish, themselves iu the Stakes. Partbenopams, who rau second to Amberitc in the Cup. aud should have won It. also cut up badly in the Stakes, so perhaps it may be advisable to still keep Hymettus oo the list of probables. By the way. THE STABLE HAVE NOT GOT A SINGLE SHILLING ABOUT HY- . METTUS FOR T1IE CUP. I am reliably informed. During the A.J.C. meeting a commission was to have been worked, but the price not being considered satisfactory, nothing was douc for tbe stable connections. However, somebody olse—frieuds of Mr. Patterson's, it is said— helped themselves to all the money available, both in Sydney and Melbourne, nud 100 to S w<ts the host offer when another attempt to back the chestnut was made last week. No doubt Mr. Patterson is now well pleased that ho could uot get ou, but the feelings of the forestalled, after seeing Hymet tus cut up so badly last Saturday, would be none too pleasant. Clarion commenced very slowly in tbe Caulfield Stakes, but the good- looking sou of Carbine was running on at the finish. Clarion's joints look none of the soundest, and it is doubt ful whether he will show liis best form iu the event of the ground being hard at Flemington. George Fred erick was never prominent, while the running of Picture aud Woodlark sug gests that the Rand wick three- year- old form was not very good. Still, as 1 have said, too much reliance must not be placed on the Caulfield Stakes running. The Caulfield division voted toe Hurdle Race - a i'cert." for Manazoua. who was. greatly fancied by the stable connections. As the field swept into the straight, with j. E. sittiug still on tbe chestnut, the good thing looked like coming off, but iu the twinkliug of an eye the scene changed, when, after. -junipiug the last hurdle. Monte came with a fast run. aud beat Mana- zona by a couple of lengths. month HAS BEEN a very BAP horse for backers. for this Is the secoud time within a month be has bowled over a favorite when ot an outside price himself, and when well backed at Flemington lie went down, though before a good horSe .(Homespun), 4t must be said. Crysalite. Insult, and Realgar each carried plenty of coin ou Saturday, but the. first-named came to grief at the last hurdle. The other two fin ished well up. and should earn wiu- ping brackets before long, while Soulr ran well enough to suggest better things by and bye. When toe betting on the Guineas opened. Ibe twoks accepted 5 to 2. but the crv at tbe finish was "take 4 to I, and 10 to I bar oue.? Of course. Bobadil came infor plenty of gape- seed as the seven competitors were being saddled, hut It being their first appear ance In Victoria, naturally the Sydney | pair, Holster and GauLeon, held large | |evees. Guuleon Is a regular Gozo, reminding one of The Grafter a good ; I deal, while Holster, as I wrote from Rand wick, takes after both Carbine and Glorious lit appearance, with the Glorious predominating. Cordite, too, was closely scanned, -and. /cjarod. laral gelding hasn't grown much since last season. There was little delay at the post, but wheu the barrier went up. Hols- j tor turned half round, and lost several lengths, while Ganleoa was some time getting on his legs. Still tbe . pace at first -was very slow, and Holster was quickly .with tbe leading divMoo.": IT TOOK THEM 29%SEC. TO BCN THE FIRST TWO FURLONGS, and it was uot until nearlng toe half- mile post that Bobadil, who had to make all bis own running, put on the steani. As they turned into the straight, Cocos (who had beeu. throw ing his head about when the pace was ! slow) and Holster momentarily looked I like making a nice with the St Al bums crack, but none of them really had a ghost of a chance, and with bis | month open Bobadil cantered home ! two lengths in front of the flogged out Cocos, with Cordite finishing well, third. Immediately after tbe race 1 saw £300 to £100 laid cn Bobadil for j toe Derby, and the " bobb.v-dazzler " will probably start the hottest favorite ou record for the Blue Riband, j Had Bobadil been left in toe Mel- j bourne Cup— and no doubt Mr. \V. R. j Wilson wishes he had not scratched I him— the brown colt would certainly ! fienirr nt a short price now. People argue that, as Newhaven won with ; 7>t RJh, UDtl quite Tib in hand. Boba- IdiJ. being as good, if not better than i toe chestnut (as far as can be judged). ' Sst 01b would not have stopped the Bill of Portland coll. ; The Steeplechase furnished au inter esting race, for just as the backers of Mailboat. Sirius. and Miller, iu turn were forming pleasing anticipations, . Nilus, splendidly ridden by Logan « in whom the Messrs. Miller bavc a cap able second horseman i, catue with a ' wet sail in the straight, and won in a canter. Contrary to their usual cus- ' torn, the Messrs. Miller let Nllus run j without being tried, but the Glorious . gcldjng had done plenty of good work, I and his success was anticipated by I the stable. | Seventeen was the main for tho De- butant'Stitoes (rather a misnomer, by ! the way, seeing that: many of the star- | tors Jiad -already made their debut), but this. fact, did not deter backers from taking THE RIDICULOUSLY SHORT ODDS j ' OF o TO 2 | about tbe Gossoon— Trieste filly, Cerin- I thin. The stable commission, I am | told, did not average more, and as i little as 2 to 1 was accepted. Cariu-, ' tola is built on speedy lines, but she looked very fine drawn. StSJl. it was said the daughter of Trieste co-uld give j any amount of weiglit to Badge, and | fillies generally race better when light. Scorn, a very nice brown colt, by Bill of Portland from Tea Rose, by Martini-Henry from Lily Hawthorn (trap.), was evidently fancied by ibe Sr." Albans people : but he looked a. bit : above himself, and wifi benefit by the 1 race, in which I did uot notice him j show prominently. ' On the track in the morning Alec, i Taylor declared that his pair would | make the best of them travel, and.. as ! It turned out. he was quite right. It ' is a feather in the cap of any Irainer j to win the Debutant Stakes with one ; representative, and dead beat for se- 1 coud place with another. If anything, j Taylor preferred Golden Queen m sciou of the Beeswing family, which lias produced Cordite, Viking, Hymet tus. etc.) to Tremarden, aud most of his friends backed iho. filly : but the Messrs. Wilson stuck to the coll. and had ihe satisfaction of winning with one of their own breeding. Trentardeu is a very good-looking coll. and it is quite oil the cards that he will prove the l>est of his year. Ho coluos from a very successful family on borh sides of the house, and his figures " read especially well, lii fact. THE BRUCE LOWE SYSTEM SCORED HEAVILY on Saturday, the ihree principal win ners, Tremardeu (No. 1), Massinissa <No. 1), and Bobadil (No. oi being re presentatives of leading "running" families. Tremarden is a half-brother to the Metropolitan winner. The Skip per. and through Sunbeam, his founli dam. is related to Positano. Haut Briorn and Greenstn, a colt tlnut won ttie National Breeders' FoaL,SU«kes in England a few weeks ago. Tr». mat- den's tabulated pedigree is worth per using. and will be found.in toe detailed report- of the racing. Although most of the Sydney people were sweet ou CariiUhia. many elected to stand by Alice Mostyn. or Alscpp's pair. Chatelaine or Reck of Ages. Pos sibly one of IbcFO may have won, for the three (with Occanica) appeared to dwell at the post when the barrier went up. aud Alice Mostyn in particu lar lost a lot of ground, which she could not quite make up. though she ran up fifth at the finish. Fleotfoot, a sweet sister to The Admiral, also was putting iu good work the last hun dred yards, and will be worth keeping in mind. The penally stopped Lady Lillian, though the filly ran decently : but there was no excuse for the favo rite. who left the mark smartly, and was in a leading positiou until she suc cumbed to Alec Taylor's .pair about half a furlong from home. ' It was a compliment to the handicap-, per that not one of ihe twenty-two horses figuring on toe cai'd - was | scratched, and nearly all of them were I backed. For some time 8 to 1 was «f- : fored on tbe field, but A run on Contrast ; ! placed the Fleaningtoo mare at toe .head of quotations, and last year's ; Doncaster Handicap winner, Superb (a brother to there was ploitytermbficy -tor Austra lian, Staffa, Massttdssa; and others. The start was a good -'one, but the same cannot be said of toe finish, for after Veloce had made most of the running, massinissa singled out be low the distance, and won with 'ease. l%e Musketeer was to toe van most of tbe way, and finished third. Weight appears to tell on the band' some little brown, consequently the stone or thereabout that has to come off bis back in tbe Caulfield Cup will mean a lot to bith. The Musketeer should be an excellent place invest ment next Saturday. Auriferous was once more entrusted with the coin and confidence of the St. ! Albans party, but once again the half- brother to Aurum put his supporters in a bole. Still, it will not do to give tho good-looking brown up for a had job yet. The Robinson Crusoes im prove with age, and maybe tno racing Auriferous is getting will have a bene ficial effect. He looks one of the gross sort, that require a lot of galloping be fore they are really fit. Symmetry imn grown into a big, raking mare, but I didn't notice where she finished. After the race Foulsham informed me that It was just a " touch and go" he paid up for Massinissa. for the Toorak Handicap. The chestnut gal loped so well on niursdayrlrat Foul sham at first intended to keep bim fresh for the Caulfield Cup. but MASSINISSA WAS SO LAME AFTER. HE REACHED THE STABLE that he was left in. The assistance of a well-known local trainer, whose veterinary skill is considerable. w:as in voked. and both ho and Foulsham worked hard at the son of Splendor, who could hardly move in his box. It appears that muscular rheumatism is the chief .trouble, though the chest nut's joints are not too good. Next day a good deal of the soreness had dis appeared. so Foulsham decided to liavo a shot at he Toorak Handicap, arguing that the horse might just ns well break down in the race as od the track. Be- sidee, the'Tib penalty for winning does not make a vast difference, seeing that Maswfinifisa's weight Is only (ist 121b. Sla-ssinisa went .freely enough to a spurt on Saturday morning, but be walked very gingerly as he left the bird cage before the race, and hiss party were afraid to entrust him with a good stake. If it is only rheumatism that is troubling Mas&iutasa.; ihe lino 'weather we are likely to gel this week should go far to put bim right. Fit ; aud well on the day. his chance looks au exceptionally good one. 