HER MAJESTY'S MAILS ARRIVING AT KIANDRA. THE NOVELIST. IN A HARBOUR CITY.* By Mrs. EVERARD COTES. (Sara Jeanette Duncan.) CHAPTER XX. Nobody could have been more impressed with Hilda's influence upon Mr. Lewellyn Stanhope's commercial probity than Mr. Lewellyn Stanhope himself. He was a prey to aJl noble feelings, they ruled his life and spoiled his bargains: and gratitude, when it had a chance, which was certainly sold.mi in connection with leading la lie-, dominated him c. 1 rH i l.\\. lie sat in ; '!].? liar of the (Jmit Kar-tern Hotel wiih ill his eyes, ulking ab-'iit what Miss lluwc had done for him. and gave umnvossaiy backsheesh to coolies who nr night ii:m small bills. So long that is. as they were the small bills of this season. When they had reference to the liabilities of a former and leiss prosperous year, iie waved them away with a bitter levity which belonged to the same period. H:s view of h:s obli gations was strictly chronological, and in taking it he counted, like the poet, only happy hours. The bad debt and the bad season went consistently together to oblivion: the sun of to-day's remarkable receipts could not be expected to penetrate backwards. He had only one fault to lind with Miss Howe: she had' no artistic conscience, none whatever, and he found this with the utmost leniency, ha>king in the consciousness that it made h.s own more conspicuous. She was alto gether in the grand style, if you understood Mr. Stanhope, but nothing would induce her to do herself justice before Calcutta: she seemed to have taken the measure nl the place and to be as indifferent! Try to ring in anything worth doing and she was off, with the bit between her teeth, and you pimply had to put up with it. The second load had a great deal of am bition, and a very good little woman in her way too. but. of course, not half the talent. He was obliged to confess that Miss Howe wasn't game for risks, especially after doing her Rosalind the night the circus opened to a twenty-live rupee house-it was mon strous! She seemed to think that nothing mattered so much as that everybody should be paid on the first of the month. There was one other grievance which Lewellyn mentioned only in confidence with a lowered voice. That was Bradley. Hilda wasn't lifting a finger to keep Bradley. Re sult was, Bradley was crooking his elbow a great deal too often lately, and going off every way. He (Lewellyn) had put it to her if that was the way to treat a man the "Daily Telegraph" had spoken about as it * The right of publishing this work lias been purchased by the proprietors of "The Austral- asian." CROSSING A DEEP DRIFT IN THE SNOWY MOUNTAINS. had spoken about Hamilton Bradley. When was she-when was he-going to tind aunlheiNo, lie didn't say marry Bradley -there were diiiieulties, and after all that might he the very way to lose him. But a woman had an influence, and that in SNOWDRIFTS, MAIN DIVIDING RANGE, AUSTRALIAN ALPS. fluence could never be more fittingly exer cised than in the cause of dramatic art, based on Mr. Sianliope's combinations. Mr. Stanhope expressed himself more vaguely, but it came to that. Perhaps if you pursued Lewellvn, pushed him. as it were, along the track of what he had to put up with, you would have come upon the further fact that as a woman of business Miss Howe had no parallel for procrastination. Next season was imminent in his arrangements, as Christmas num bers are imminent to publishers at midsummer, and here she was living at a contract as if they had months for consideration. It wasn't either as if she complained of anything in the terms-that would be easy enough fixed but she said herself that it was a bigger salary than he (Lewellyn) would ever be able to pay unless she went round with the hat. Nor had she any objection to the tour, a fascinating one, including the Pacific Slope and Honolulu. It stumped him (Lewellyn) to know what she did object to and why she couldn't bark it out at once, seeiug she must understand perfectly well it was no use his going to Bradley without first settling with her. Hilda, alone in her own apartment-it was diHicult to keep Lewellyn Stanhope away from even that door, in his pursuit of her signature-considered the vagary life had become for her, it was so whimsical, and the mystery of her secret, which was so solely hers. Alicia knew, of course, but that was much as if she had written it down on a sheet of perfect notcpaper, and locked it up in a drawer. Alicia din not speculate about it, and the whole sou) of it was tangled now in a speculation. There had been a time filled with the knowledge and the joy of this new depth in her, like a buoyant sea, and she had been content to float in it, imagining desirable things. Stanhope's waiting contract made a limit to the time, a limit she brought up against without distress or shock, but with a kind of recognising thrill in contact at last with the necessity for action, decision, a climax of high heart-beats. She saw with sur prise that she had lived with her passion these weeks and months, half consciously, expecting that a crucial moment would dissolve it, like a person a ware that he dreams and will presently awake. She had not faced till now any exigency of her case. But the crucial moment had leapt upon her, pointing out the subjection of her life, and sne, undefended, sought only how to accomplish her bonds. Certainly, she saw no solution that did not seem monstrous, yet every pulse in her demanded a solution; there was no question ing the imperious need. She had the ful lest, clearest view of the situation, and she looked at it without flinching and without compromise. Above a!!, she had true vision of Stephen Arnold, glorifying no where, extenuating nothing. It was almost cruel to be the victim of such circumstance and be denied the soft uses of illusion, but if that note of sympathy had been offered to Hilda, she would doubtless have retorted that it was precisely because she sa-w him that she loved him. His figure in its poverty and austerity was always with her. She made with the fabric of her nature a kind of shrine for it, enclosing, encompas sing, and ber possession of him, by her knowledge, was deep and warm and pro tecting. I think the very fulness of It brought her a kind of content, with which, but for Lewellyn and his contract, she would have been willing to go on in definitely. It made him hers in a primary and essential way, beside which any mere ac knowledgment or vow seemed chiefly decorative, like the capital of a pillar firmly rooted. There may be an appearance that she took a good deal for granted, but if there is, I fear that in the baldness of this history it has not been evident how much and how variously Arnold depended on her, in how manv places her colour and her vitality patched out the monkish garment of his soul. This with her enthusiasm and her cognisance. It may be remem bered, too, that there was in the very ten derness of her contemplation of the priest in her path are imperious tinge born of the way men had eo invariably melted there. Certainly, they had been men, aifil not priests, but the little flickering doubt that sometimes leaped from this 6ource through the glow of her imagination she quenched very easily with the reflection that such a superlicies was, after all, a sophistry, and that only its rudiments were facte. She proposed, calmly and lovingly, to deal with the facts. She told herself that she would not be greedv about the conditions under which she should prevail, but her world had al ways, always, shaped itself answering her hand, and if she cast her eyes upon the ground now and left the future, even to morrow undevisaged, it was because she would not find any concessions among ite features if she could help it. It was a trick she played upon her own conscious ness; she would not look, but she could see without looking. She saw that which ex plained itself to be best, fittest, most reason able, and thus she sometimes wandered with Arnold anticipatively, on afternoons when there was no matinee, through the perfumed orange orchards of Los Angeles, on the Pacific Slope. She would not search to-morrow, but she took toward it one of those steps of vague intention at the end of which we beckon to possibilities. She wrote to Stephen and asked him to come to see her then. She had not spoken to him since the night of the Viceroy's party, when she put her Bohemian head out of the ticca-gharry to wish him good-night, and he walked home alone under the stars, trying to remember a line of Homer, a chaste one about woinan'6 beauty. She sent the note by post. There was no answer, but that was as usual-there never was an enBwer un less something prevented him. He always came, and ten minutes before the time. Hilda sat under the blue umbrellas when it arrived, devising with full heart-beata what she would say; creating fifty differenTiT^ of what he would say, while tS h slipped round the clock past the that should have brought hi? sten t* ??1 door. Hilda noted it,6 and JarS J* watch. A bowl of roses Btood on VihIo * v, near a window. She got up * t e it, bending over and re-arnnein» \f° flowers. The light fell on her and on n? roses. It was a beautiful m itdde « 5 when, at a footfall, she lookn up ' tantly, it was more beautiful, lw only another boarder, a Mr. GonzaC with a highly-varniBhed conm!; xion took off hiB hat elaborately, he the open door. Hilda became c : ?, io,® use of the roses, and abandons: them pr« sently she sat down on a ,1(l" v md rock ing-chair, and swayed to and ft.,, aware of an ebbing of confidence. Half m hour after she was still sitting there, li. - face uj changed, something had faded in it; het gaze at the floor was "profound v specula tive; and, when she glanced n! v'he ernptv door, it was with timidity. Arnold had not come, and did not come. The evening passed without i \;>lanation and nest morning the post biwi-ht no let ter. It was simplest to suppe.-. that her own had not reached him, and IMda wrote again. The second letter she set-,' by hand with a separate sheet of paper addressed for signature. The messenger l-i. .juht back the sheet of paper with stramv initials. "J.L. for S.A., and there .v:i- no rep^. There remained the possibility of absence from Calcutta-of illness. That lie should have gone away was most unlikdv; that he had fallen ill was only too probabio. Hilda looked from her bedroom window across the varying expanse of p;ir;>j>ricd fiat roofs and moBque bubbles that lay between her and College- street, and curbed the impulse in her feet that would have resulted in the curious spectacle of Lewellyn Stanhope's leading ladv calling in person at a monastic gate to express a kind of solicitude against which precisely it was barred. A situation after all could be too pic torial, looked at from the point of view of the Order, a consideration which flashed with grateful humour across h>'r anxiety. AJicia would have known, but both the Liv ingstones had gone for a short sea change to Ceylon, with Duff Lindsay, and ^ome touring people from Surrey. They " ere most anxious, Hilda remembered, th:it Ar nold should accompany them. Could he, in the end, have gone? There was, of course, the accredited fount and source of all information, the Brother Superior, but with what propriety could Hilda Howe apply for it? Lewellyn might write l r her, but it was glaringly impossible tlia EXPLORING SNOW CAVE, 100 FEET DEEP, (Kerry and Co., Photo., George-street, Sydney.) SCENES IN THE AUSTRALIAN ALPS. ."".hnlio'i ^0"ld lay lt8elt ffl"r OP®" th% u ilh' Looking in vain for re [o ^,e'f ne upon an expedient. She sources, > . (note-paper, and made 10 rt7i!> '-..i.-v. On it she wrote, with lt ?? l- in cramped hand of the bazar red m}, »' ; n[cr), Ijeiani (J'^v JU p]ease to inform to me If Mr \nwr- fe'oue mofuBsil or England, 'i iT-.v,. business with him. ?;? V?"i, servant, Wun Sing." 1* foraw," she .. ince 11 a Wun, Sing' ai j oWi's:??? [script, Boots and shoes » nTU: v . ap for cash." She made 1CI ,,, ,.(> to match, and addressed 'I1' u-iili iont illiteracy, to the head /the in ^e son Chinese i -i-Pini i! ? >'o dwelt almost next door, Soke nc. '.'nglish nor Hindustani, but !|io*veii ai ; comprehension'of her pro ni ) .n'csh, when he should return "th an She had a i°y£"l anUci nation llG waited, of the terms in which si - -h')uld tell Arnold bow she pissed, di " ;<ed as a Chinese shoemaker, before'tin ? eptive and courteous con sciousness .-is spiritual Renior; of how she uenetratei!- :'i the suggestion of a pig-tail and au ;'nid bill, within the last portals th.'L might be expected to re ceive Jit?), in the form under which, for ex;tn;i:rertain black and yellow posters «> .' presenting her to the Cal cutta pub! . it that moment. Slie saw ? scruples go swiftly down be fore her ) i iter, and the argument of her tender an which 6he was quite pre pared K' .. foolish and unnecessary. There wa< ? an adventurous instant in which she .aped at actual personation, and she lo ? d in rapture at the vivid risk of the -efore she abandoned it as in volving U' .'iiueli. She sent no receipt form tli.f ; ? ?'i:-that was not the practice of tike Iia/.-and when, hours after, her messenger r. aimed with weariness and de jection ivritii'ii upon him in the characters of a piTi'mii- iory Chinese smile, she could ,mly jr.tt li< :? Horn bis negative head and hands (liat no answer had been given him, ami that In r expedient had failed. Hilda Maivd at her dilemma. Its pro perties were curiously simple. His world and hers, with (he same orbit, had no point of contact. Once, swinging round their eastern iTiitrc, they had come close enough for tliwe tuo, leaning very far out, to join l/iiide'. \\\ lien they loosed it seemed they fiie IIIOIV she jjazed at it the more it reflected, ad added TICKET-SELLERS. looked a preposterous thing that in a city i.iumiL with human communication by all tlic niriliuds which make it easy, it should hi- |MI>- iilc for one individual thus to drop Hi.l.ii-ii!', and completely from the know li'-Vi1 <?. ..notlier, a mediaeval thing. Thieir .~"1 '"ii as Europeans, of course, accounted i'» n: t .iTe was no medium in the brown I1 n that hummed in the city streets. Ii ii! i not even bribe a servant with "ui l.i, iwiii-r how to speak to him. She ii i Iju newspapers; they never were ii U1 i if of reference to consecrated liibuuis. Tlie nearest approach to one was :i p.ii. .i]ih chronicling a eocial evening t-'.vni the NVesleyans in Sudder-street. witli ;ii exhibition of the cinematograph. In a m ? .ivcnt of defiance and determination «>lie si'i,: a telegram, studiously colourless "uuilili iind you, wish communicate, please '"'"nn A. .Murphy." He had never for (-'?itU'ii i!:i' incongruity 6he was born to, in "K-casii ;? 1 scrupulous moments he ad by it; he would recognise and "ii'Utv. ...il. There was no reply. I In- riuiima pressed upon her days, she '?^'d ; 11 'no heaviness of it, waiting. His silence aiding itself up, brought her a kind dliaiiK- for the exertions she had made. . lie turned with obstinacy from the iiirilii-i schemes her ingenuity pre sented Out of the sum of her unauc . I'fhiul i-ilorts grew a reproach of Arnold; j' viy '.mi of them increased it. His be cvioviv si,e could forgive, arbitrarily put ."ti I'U'.ciist it twenty potential explana ll,»s hut not the futility of what she had Him- resentment of that undermined ' 'lip lairness of her logic, and even tri iiijiIh iI over the sword of her suspense. ; «?* quite gave up the struggle, but . j'11 she passed the week that inter v m*1 i ^j"one^ 'lcr unreason-bands that , iLS she looked at them, only to l'i her thrice in another place. a permanent interrogation L',;, "ailing under it, with a perpetual 'HioR,n,tIaf,eTv.per!laP8 aiie 8rew a ^ttle dizsy. tlip a<* been Increasing, and to innu j Saturday afternoon had Degun with i 8°.w and bang in the streets had tn uln ' inertia, like a curtain that came int P^rte^> to be penetrated. Hilda with a e, I'ouse and faced the stairs to leave her body blue umbrell&B;,. a little paler, a thought more serene than usual, Bhe swept into the room as if a tide carried her and sank down upon a footstool close to him as If it had dropped her there. He had risen at her .appearance; he was all himself, but rather more the priest; his face of greeting had exactly its usual asking intelligence, but to her the fact that he. was normal was lost in the fact that he was near. He held out his hand, but she only sought his face, speechless, hugging her knees. "You are overcome by the sun," he said. " Lie down for a moment," ana again he offered her a band to help her to rise. She shook her head, but took his hand, en closing it in both of hers with a sort of happy deliberation, and drew herself up by it, while her eyes, shining like dark surfaces r \ GROUND PLAN OF COLLINGWOOD TOTE-SHOP. of some glorious consciousness within, never left his face. So she stood beside him, with her head bowed, still dumb. It was her supreme moment-life never again brought her anything like it. it was not that she confessed so much as that she asserted, she made a glowing thing plain, cried out to him, still standing silent, the deep-lying meaning of the tangle of their Uvea-. She was shaken by a pure delighir^ai r£ she un-" closed her band to show^jum -⦥ jewel in her palm, hers apdlurror the look ing. The intensity of coipqiAu^ij^a swept round him and encloses him; she knew this profoundly, and had no thought of the insulation be had in hie robe. The instant passed. He stood outside it de finitely enough, yet some vibration in it touched him, for there was surprise in his involuntary backward step. " You must have thought me inexplicably rude," he said, as if he felt about for an explanation, " but your letters were only given to me an hour ago. We have all been in retreat, you know." "In retreat!" Hilda exclaimed. "Ah! yes. How foolish I have been! In re* treat!" she repeated softly, flicking a trace of dust from his sleeve. " Of course." " It was held at St. Paul's College," Stephen went on, " by Father Neede. Shall we sit down? And, of course, at Buch times, no communications reach us- no let ters or papers." " No letters or papers," Hilda said, look ing at him softly, as it were, through the film of the words. They sat down-he on the sofa, she on a chair very near it. There was another placed at a more usual distance, but she seemed incapable of tak ing the step or two towards it, away from him. Stephen gave himself to the grate ful sense of her proximity. He had come to sun himself again in tne warmth of her fellowship; he was stirred by her empha sis of their separation and reunion. " And what, please," he asked, " have you been doing? Account to me for the time." " While you hare been praying and fast ing? Wondering what you were at, and waiting for you to finish. Waiting," she said, and clasped her knees with her intent look again, swaying a little to and fro in her content, as if that which she waited for had already come, full, and very desir able., you been reading?" "Oh, I have been reading nothing! You shall never go into retreat again," she went jjniiw/th a sudden change of expression, well enough for you, but 1 am not at fasting. And 1 have an indulgence," she added, unaware of her soft bright audacity, "that will cover bath our cases." Uis face uttered aloud his reflection that she was extravagant. That it was a pity, but that what was not due to her profes sion might be ascribed to the simple, clear impulse of her temperament, that tempera ment which he had found to be a weil of rare sincerity. "I am not to go any more into retreat?" he said, in grave interroga tion, but the hint of rebuke in his voice was not in his heart, and she knew it. "No!" she cried, "You shall not be hidden away like that. You shall not go alive into trie tomb and leave me at tlie door. Because I cannot bear it." She leaned toward him, and her hand fell lightly on his knee. It was a claiming touch, and there was something in the unfolded sweet ness of her face that was not ambiguous. Arnold received the intelligence. It came in a vague grey monitory form, a cloud, a portent, a chill menace, but it came, and ho paled under it. He seemed to lean upon his own hands, pressed one on each side of him to the seat of the sofa, for support, and he looked in fixed silence at the shapely white thing on his knee. His face seemed to wither, new lines came upon it as the impression grew in him, ana the glamour laded out <5 hers as she was sharply re minded, looking at him, that he had not traversed the waste with her, that she had kept her vigils alone. Yet it was all said and done, and there was no repentance in her. She only gathered herself together and fell back, as it were, upon her magnificent position. As she drew her hand away he dropped his face into tbe cover of his own, leaning his elbow on his knee, and there was a pulsing silence. The instant prolonged itself. Are you praying?" Hilda asked, with much gentleness, almost a childlike note, and he shook his head. There was anotlier instant's pause, and, she spoke again. "Are you so grieved, then," she said, "that this has come upon us?" Again he held his eyes away from her, clasping his hands and looking at the thing nearest to him, while at last blood from the heart of the natural man in him came up and stained hie face, his forehead under tbe thin ruffling of colourless hair, his neck above the white.band that was his badge of difference from other men. "I-fear-1 hardly understand," he The words fell cramped and singly,and his lip twitched. "It-it is impossible to think " His eyes weut in her direction, but lacked courage to go all the wav. He looked as if he dared not lift his head. THE MAR1BYRNONG PLATS. "POLIOB1" STAMPEDE OF THE TOTE^ MEETING. RAIDING A TOTp "" One would not say that Hilda hesitated, for there was no failing in the wings of her high confidence, but sne looked at him in a brave silence. Iier glance had tender in vestigation in it, she stood on the brink of her words just long enough to ask whether they would hurt him. Seeing that they would, she nevertheless plunged, but with infinite compassion and consideration. She spoke like an agent of Fate, conscious and grieved. "I understand," she said simply, "some times, you know, we are quicker. * Andvou in your cell, how should you iind out? Tnat is why I must tell }Tou, because, though 1 am a woman, you are a priest. Partly for that reason I may speak, partly because I love you, Stephen Arnold, better and more ardently than you can ever love me, ? or anybody, I think, except, perhaps, your Cod. And I am tired of keeping silence." She was so direct, so unimpassioned, that half hie distress turned to astonishment, and he faced her ae if a calm and reasoned hand had been, laid upon the confusion in him. fleeting his gaze, she unbarred a flood-gate of happy tenderness in her eyes. "Love, he gasped in it, "I. have nothing to do with that." " Oh," she said, " you have everything to do with it." Something leaped in him without ask ing his permission, assuring him that he was a man, until then a placid theory with an unconscious basiB. It was therefore a blow to his saintship, or it would have been, THE TOTE. PAY-OFFICE TO THE LEFT, AND OPENING WHERE THE DETECTIVES BROKE THROUGH. but be warded it off, flushed and trembling. It was as if he had been ambuscaded. He had to hold himself from the ignominy of flight. He rose to cut his way out, mak ing an effort to strike with precision. " Some perversity has seized you," he said. The muscles about his mouth quivered, giving him a curious aspect. " You mean nothing of what you say. " Do you believe that?" " I-I cannot think anything else. It is the only way I can-1 can-make ex cuse." " Ah, don't excuse me!" she murmured, with an astonishing little gay petulance. " You cannot have thought." In spite of himself he made a step towards the door. " Oh, I did think-I do think. And you must not go." She, too, stood up, and stayed him. " Let us at least see clearly " There was a persuading note in her ToUp-one would have thought, indeed, that sue 'was dealing with a patient, or a child. " Tell me," she ciasped her bauds behind her back ana looked at him in marvellous, Vsunple candour, " do 1 really announce thia to you? Was there not in yourself abywhere -deep down-any knowledge of it J" " 1 did not guess-1 did not dream!" " .and-now?" she" asked. A heavenly currenc drilled from her; the words rose and fell on it with the most daz ing suggestion in their soft hesitancy. It must nave been by an instinct ox ner art that her hand went up to the cross on Ar noiu s breast, and closed over it, so that he should see oaiy her. lhe ta miliar vision of her stood close, looking things intolerably new and different. Again came out of it that sudden liberty, that unpremeditated rush and shock in him. Hepaied with indignation, with the startled resentment of a woman wooed and hostile. His face at last expressed something defi nite, it was anger; he stepped back and caught at his hat. "I am Borry," he said. "1 am sorry. 1 thought you infinitely above and beyond all that." Hilda smiled and turned away. If he chose it was his opportunity to go, but he stood regarding her, twirling his hat. She sat down, clasping her knees, and looked at the iioor. There waB a square of sun jight on the carpet, and motes were rising in it. "Ah well, so did I," she said meditatively, without raising her eyes. Then she leaned back in the chair and looked at him, in her level, simple way. "It was a foolish theory," she Baid, "and -now-I can't understand it at all. . I am amazed to iind that it even holds good with you." It was so much in the tone of their usual discussions that Arnold was conscious of a lively relief. The Instinct of flight died down in him; he looked at her with some thing like inquiry. "It tfill always be to me curious," she went on, "that you could have thought your part in me so limited, so poor. That is enough to say. I find it bard to under stand, anybody would, that you could take so much pleasure in me and not BO much more." She opened her lips again, but kept back the words. "Yes," she added, "that is enough to say." But for her colourless face and the tense ness about her lips, it might have been thought that she definitely abandoned what she learned she could not have. There was a note of acquiescence and regret in her voice, of calm reason above all, and this sense reached him, induced him to listen as be generally listened, for anything she might find that would explain the situation. His fingers went from habit, as a man might play with his watch chain, to the symbol of his faith; her eyes followed them, and rested mutely on the cross. There was a profundity of feelijig iu them, wistful, acknowledging, deeply speculative. "You could not forget that?" she said, and shook her bead as if she answered herself. He looked into her upturned face, and saw that her eyes were swimming. "Never," he said, "never," but he walked to the nearest chair and sat down. He seemed suddenly aware that he need not go away, and his head, as it rose in the twi light against the window, was grave and calm. Without a word, a great tenderness filled the space between them; an interpret ing compassion went to and fro. Suddenly a new light dawned in Hilda's eyes, she leaned forward, and met his in an absorp tion which caught them out of themselves into some space where souls wander, and perhaps embrace. The moment died away, neither of them could have measured it, and when it had finally ebbed-they were conscious of eveiy subsiding throb-a silence came instead like a margin for the beauty of it. After a time the woman spoke. "Once before"-she began, but he put up his hand, and she stopped. Then, as if she would no longer be restrained, "That- is all I want," she whispered, "That is enough." For a time they said very little, looking back upon their divine moment; the shadows gathered in the corners of the room and made quiet conversation, which was almost audible, in the pauses. Then Hilda began to speak, steadily, calmly. You too, would have forgotten her folly, in what she found to Bay, as Arnold did; you too could have drawn faith and courage from her face. One ivould not be irreverent, but if this woman were convicted of sin against the Holy Ghost, she could explain it to Him, and obtain justification rather than forgiveness. "Then I may stay?" she said at the end, "I am satisfied-if a way can b^Sr 3 " "I will find a way," she reu^*' .' Then he went back ' ' streets to his disciples pro founder joy, kno^^^^Bpt gone out of jVfhere she _ I 