THE WESLEY AN CONFERENCE. Tho sittings of the XVcBloyan Conference xvere re sumed yesterday; the Rev. T. Grove, president, j„ the chair. CENTRAL XVINE CELLARS. A letter xvas received from llie Premier (Sir George Turner) explaining Hint an official reply 5ad .h?' beea 80nt to tlie conferenco to Hn r». quest lor a deputation to be received re tlie pro- no&il; to expend £2o,fl00 on central wine cellars fact thrt !!" accld®na' oversight, in view of the ' 1 ,,n,y '"Sinters of conference xvould liave returned to their homes before a deputation could now be arranged for. the conference derided o pass a declaratory resolution for transmission to xx'ait on'hlm 'nSn5!ld f "."""'"''"S a deputation to kiws-"?1 rt" .1 -11® ''cs,ohltl0" l,)lf,aod xvas as fol- mU„T a conference expresses its delcr- £'A nnn" of0?', nF to 1,10 PrPsal to expend £-.1,000 of public money on central wine cellars sh0l,ld 'J1® expendilure l!a i.rou,r«f auriiur the recess, to do its utmost to prevent its being sanctioned hy Parliament." ' us SALES OF PROPERTY. o,,H=n,,"."ber ot "'K ! I,rP®riics in different rir- S? Xri approved, nicl tiding a seliool building Roir l0"f',i,> fGresxviek), a pieve o U ' , Po®k.®rhrad' a parsonage at Kening Co., "rtahi a n d a t0 all r I ! 'i " l Nar®Khid (Ciunperiloxv,,) ami at Outtrim, old parsonage at Wallialia, cluircli at Moo, land at lied llill (Blackwood), e mrc at eeston),1 GDOn """ a "r0,>®rly at E»d«'® CONTINGENT FUND. xxinred!hT.i%rblw Hoi'tonlf8" John Huffhcs and « illiums liavinp travelled two veara weio advanced one year; nnd the !0vs c \V AtKInson, J. t\\. Crean, Geo. A. Jmlkiim -hhI ti' A. Overond, ha vine travelled one vi»ar were atf vanccd one year. The Rev. It. H. Bnilcv. hoinK . Hi EiiKland, remains on trial. i Hutchor« recommended bv the West ern synod, was accepted as a candidate for »?!« ministry, nnd received for Irainimr iV II tlio r«.i nwional llteolojrical Instituthm " The conference adjourned until 10 a.m. to-day. ORDINATION SERVICE. service wn.slieM ih Weslev Church last nighl, when three enndidatos for (ho'niinifitrv were - ordained nccording; to the forms of the t'hnrch. Tlie candidates were Mr. John F Warren Mr F?UiJ: A' a'lu,1- of Richmond; and a j .jridpe, of Thorpdnlc. The service V?S. ,cied J>5' t,ie president of the conference Ghc Roy. T. Grove). At the conclusion of the' thmvW5 aint jqUCnt ,cllarKc was delivered to the newly ordained ones by the Rev. \V. Williams who preached from tho text, Timothv I.; 2, vil ' nhoreunto T ntn ordained a preacher and an ?Pn I/?,Pnkr!h£-t,rut fn c,rist. and lie not; a teacher of the Gentiles in faith and verity." He said that from that night, they were to consider themselves dead to the world." in regard to its recular pursuits nnd meretricious attractions They were, however, not to live npart from the 1 !fc» b" «dtivate a brotherhood of feeling and solicitude for the spiritual welfare of all men. A true preacher, like the poet, was bom. not made; and all the colleges ami churches in the world could not make him, unless called and claimed for tho work hy God. In theflo days there in? aUCoarinsLa ki"d of "re-discovery" of the lloly Ghost. It waa this which gave the propul sive force to all ministerial labor; it supplied the only force that could shatter the hard heart of man, and make him penitent. The service waa attended by a crowded congre gation, and during the evening a collection was taken up in aid of the theological institute. 