P o iB e n s lo n * B r i t a i n b a s t t l T e n A w a y . Accobdifg to tbe typical Continental statesman, John Bull is the biggest land rabber on the face of the globe, '‘ranee and Germany more especially are never tired of sneering at oar alleged earth bunper.” Indeed, if tbase latter oritios and rivals are .to be believed, we have not only stolen with a free hand ' Africa, iu Amerioa, and in Asia', but ,.j are only prevented by lack of proper traosport facilities from annexing Mars and establishing a protectorate over Jupiter. There may be some truth in all tbts. Tbe British Empire bas a knack of growing. No one can deny that. _ But, on tbs other hand, we have—within the last 100 years or so—actually given away what to any other nation would constitute ao exceedingly valoable and infinitely respectable colonial empire. For instance, our cousins the Americans, and our old enemies the Spaniards, have fallen out about Cuba. Tbe island was once Britain’s. Bo were tbe Philippine Islands, another bone of contention, So, too, were tbe Ionian Islands, Tangier, Minorca, Corsica Curacoa, Sicily, Buenns Ayres, Monte Video, J*va, Pondicherry, the Celebes, the Moluccas, to say nothing of other islands, fertile provinces and forti6ed towns scattered op and down the face of this weazened old ;lobe of ours. And most of them wo iave surrendered, be it remembered, not d obedience to the irresistable demands of superior fores, but of our own free will and in accordance most frequently with the dietates of ‘a'ffrecc e-grand—if mistaken and quixotic —idea of duty. aVe, for example, the eession of tbe Ionian Islands in 1864 We captured them from the French after a good deal of bard fighting in 1809. We gave them a Constitution, built a university at Corfu, abolished the vendetta, and promulgated equal laws for all aod suadry ; and then, alter 60 years of educational and civilising work, and the expenditure of millions of money, we calmly, and without the shadow of a ghost of cnmptlband them over to Greece. It is a deed of which no other nation but England eoold have been capablp, and which it ia devoutly to be hoped England will never repeat. The surrender of Tangier was „ o tt deplorable. W e held it for 21 years and then quietly evacuated it at the bidding of a handful of fanatics, led by Gaylan, tbe sovereign chief of Fez. Colonel Kirke, the then Governor, strongly protested, and offered to hold tbe fortress indefinitely if 600 men were sent opt from England, together with £6000 wherewith to pay them. ButtbeGoverament declined. They coul^i, they said, afford th>t men, bnt not tbe money. Tangier would now be considered bnt dirt cheap at 60 times £6000, for it lies almost immediately opposite Gibraltar, and, possessing both the strongholds, England could absolutely control the Straits and effeotually seal up tbe Medi terranean. Oaba was taken by as in the middle of the cummer of 3762, at a time when an nnnauaUy virnlent epidemic of yellow fever waa raging. We lost 6000 in five weeks. B at we stuck to our guns and triumphed in the good old sturdy British fashion. W hat our eoldiers gained with one bind, however, our itaieemen gave awfcy with the other. A year later, just when the island had become pacified, and Ib e elements of good'government established, our hard won possession was handed back to the horrors of Spanish rule - horrors from which it seems only now likely to emerge. An even more reprehensible national crime was tbe surrender of the Philippines to the eame blood-stauiefl gang, for not the most bigoted of tbe Little Englanders of that day and generation could have been ignorant of bow vastly important tbe islands must necessarily become to us. Moreover, Spain was soundly thrashed io a selfish war of her own seeking, and would have accepted peace on almost any terms. Yet we headed over tbe conquered possessions for a paltry £800,000—not a single penny of which, by tbe bye, was ever paid. To many vis j tori to Westminster Abbey it doubtless anems strange that one of the most magnificent tombs in our national mausoleum should bear tbe name of General Stanhope. To tbe man in the street, at tbe present day, tbe cognomen means nothing. To our forefathers of generation or two it meant much. F< Stanhope was the conqueror of Minorca ; and Minorca, «i has bees well remarked, was the Malta of the eighteenth century. We took it in 1708, and held it off and on for tbe best part of a century, at tbe end of which time it waa banded over to the Spaniards. Apparently they got it becaoaethey asked for it. At all events, no historian has ever assigned toy more cogent reason. G ar extraordinary complaisance in tbia respect ia the more carious because we had previously thought so highly of the i«land that, for merely failing to relieve the garrison, we had poor old Admiral Byng tried by court martial, and abot on ibe quarterdeok of hie own flagship. Corsica occupied a slightly different position, as a dependency, from Minoroa, iosomuch that its inhabitants bad themselves placed tbeir island onder British protection, aod elected George III. as their king. It was ours, free gratis, and for nothing. It did not cost as the life of a single soldier, or tbe expenditure of a solitary peony piece. Nevertheless, we thought so little of it that, after governing it for three years, we withdrew our troops, a n i left it to tbe meroy of the French, wbo, needless to say, promptly annexed it, and iu whose possession it has been ever since. Ourioasly enougb, during tbe three years that the British flag flaw above the rampants in Ajaccio, Napoleon I. was a resident in the eiiy, and was, therefore, dnring that spaoe of time, a British subject. And while on the subject of Corsica, it msy be mentioned that we seem always to have had a peculiar penchant for giving away pieces in the Mediterranean. Iu addition to Tangier, tbe Ionian Island, Corsica and Minorca, concerning all of which mention bas already been made, we also owned, at different periods, Sardinia, Sicily, and Riba. But we Let them all slip. In the same way, and only quite recently, we parted with Heligoland to Germany. In ibis case, it is true, we are supposed to have received a quid pro quo iu Africa ; but it would probably puzzle any one, save perhaps a professional politician, to say exactly in what it eonlisted. 