NEW SOUTH WALES ZOO- LOGICAL SOCIETY. ; ANNUAL MEETING. ¡ The annual meeting of tho Now South Wales Zoological Society was held yesterday afternoon at Aarons' Exchange Hotel. Loftus-street. The chair was taken by Dr. George Edward Rundle, F R C S , vice-president, and there were also present Mr. Charles Moore, James Barnet, William Beaumont, William Coles, Captain R. C Ghest, L Hopkins, John Keep, G. J. Cohen, William Barrett, P. Mac Mahon, and W. H Catlett, secretary. The report of the council of management stated that tho receipts from the gates, elephant, S.o., amounted to £2007 Is 3d, as against £1835 19s ¿d in lS9u, showing au increase of £231 2B lho total receipts from all sources for the year wero £3031 Ils -id, but this Bum included the balance to the credit of the council from the previous year, which, if deducted, would reduce the actual income for the year to £2d13 193 7d. Tho total expenditure oirao to £3010 5s 9d, leaving a credit balance of ¿621 53 7d for 1S93 The number of visitors registered at the turnstiles was 95,512, of which 58,491 were ndultE, and 37,018 children, as against 8b.677 for 189G, showing nu in- crease of 8935. Tho council admitted free 4823 Public nud private school children, accompanied bv 142 teachers, making a total of 49G5 free admissions, lho council also admitted free sailors and marines of tile Bntiih Navy, men of tho Permanent Forco, tho sailors of foreign na%íes, and aboriginals, lu all to tho number of 597. The aboie numbers did uot include the fellows aud subscribers and their friends who passed through tho fêlions' gate, so that in round numbers thero must havo been at least lOl.TOO visitors to the GardenB. Th« most marked features m the society's mo nagone wore the Uno collection of tho large carní- vora, the highly ti ained elephants, tho deer, Syrian bear, and the ournng-outaug. New stock w as ur- gently required to keep up the interest of tho public ni the gardens, aud to replace losses from death and other ciuses. Now houses were wanted for the car- nívora and other animals , and tho old dilapidated avíanos should be removed, and new ones built in buck and cement to keep out the rats. Seventy deaths from natural and other causes were regis- tered during 1897, as against 81 of the previous year Six birds nero stolen, 23 animals wore born in the gardonB, and C7 b rds had been received in ox change. Mr. John Keep (tho honorary treasurer), in ex- plaining tho 'details of the balance-sheet, remarked that the finances of tho society vt ere in a good con- dition. They would bo glad to purchase more animals becauso they wero needed. Thoy also wanted more cagc3 for the large animals vory much indeed, and perhaps next year they might bo ablo to do something in that direction Tho Chairman, tu moving the adoption of tho re- port and bulanco-shcet, remarked that some lime past they did not know how they stood financially, but lately a substantial sum of mouoy had been given to them by the Government, and this had cuabloci them to carry out some very dosirablo alterations and improvements Mr. Charles Moorwe, in secondiug tho motion, said that up to tho presont timo their accounts had shown a dobit balance, but, thanks to tho generosity of the Government, the society had been set up. It was a difficult establishment to keep going. Their animals ii oio not increasing eithoi in numbera or variety. Thoy should be getting frosh stock every month if possible. Ho understood that Mr. Le Soenf, of tho Melbourne Zoological Gardens, had returned from Singapore, whero he had been collecting animals. Unfortunately, the New South Wales society had no arrangement of that kind, and was under the neces- sity, therefore, of picking up new animals by chanco The motion was agreed to. The follón mg officers wore re-elected unopposed for tho ensuing 12 months '-President, the Hon. It. H. D. White, ML.C ; vico-presidents, Mr. S. Burdekin, Mr. O. Moore, F.L.S , O M.Z S, Major Terguson, PS., F.Z S , and Mr. George Edn ard Rundle, T R.C.B.J Fdm. ; council of management, Messis J. Barnet, W. Beaumont, W. Coles, Captain It. C Ghest, W. A. B. Greaves, L. Hopkins, James Inglis, John Keep, R. Prendergast, Lieutenaut Colonel Waddell, hon. treasurer, Mr. John Keep The proceedings terminated with a vote of thanks to the chairman._ If a Japanese farmer has as much as 10 acres of la- d ho is looked upon as a monopolist A murringo w as colebratod at tho Hull Registry Office on January 22 between Count Alexander Tolstoi, 6on of tho Marshal of the Russian Emperor, and tie daughter of a merchant's clerk The young lady, whoso ago is given as 23 in-tho entry or mar. riago, resides in Hull, and, it is said, met tho Count at a fancy dress hall at Coveat Garden, i Tho Count is d2 years of ago. 