OCCASIONAL PAPERS. THE LAST OF THE IDOLS. Hv F. A. CAMl'BKLL. IMoie the missionary and the traders nunc the image of the war god stood under the banyan tree near the open square in the island of Lifoo. The grim wooden face; with its close-set eyes, was turned towards Fatima. just visi ble on the far horizon, and towards the opening in the reef, through which the r.itiinesc came in their war canoes. The enemy'* approach was thus always under the observation of the god; who, according to cm rent belief, would warn his priest, so that the drums would be sounded and the warriors assembled. j The Lifoo islanders were a lighting people. The war god was the greatest of their gods,' and his priest was the greatest of their men. lhtt the coming of the stran gers changed till that. The traders came first, and brought gas pipe guns and ammunition, which they sold for copra, sandalwood, and boehe-do-mcr. Though the priest stormed and prayed, the, chief and the people for once took no heed; they were mad to get the death-dealing tithes after they had seen the while men tise them. So the sweet-smelling trees were cut down, the coeoauut palms were shipped; and every man in the island had e gun and powder and ball. Thus armed they fought their old ene mies, and drove them home in a whirl wind of terror, and though not a few of the shooters .suffered from the bursting of the ga.s'-pipes, they were loo delighted at the confusion of the foe to count the cost to themselves. So tlsey clung to their weapons in spite of the war god and his priest, whose influence from that time be gan to wane. Hut a greater enemy to the god was at hand. For one day a white-hulled schooner sailed into the harbour, and a strong-voiced Australian came ashore bringing a house villi liiiu, which he put up, and then set thai amongst, them. In three short years the people, from the chief dowuWards.wero clothed and changed. Tiny copied the maimers of the while man. not -only of the missionary hut of tin- trader as'well. They gave up their old : gods and went to worship in t he white-! walled chutx-h beneath the palms on Sunday.! Kadi man carried a pipe in the lobe of his 1 car and a ping <>i tobacco in his waist belt, j Instead oS kava they drank the white man's ! drink from dark square bottles, and theyj shaved their chins with the broken glass. ' j but a lciv of the older folk remained true to tiieir ancient faith and customs, and at the head of these was the priest of the war god, whose image was the only one left.of all the idols, for the people, urged oii<by. tho missionary, liiul brought tho others down to the seushore-and there-burnt tliern to ashes. - | After a tone the white schooner came ill again, and tho mis.-ioua.rv went off for a visit to lus own land to,tell his'j ample of what he had done in the island of l.ifoo-, ami lie took with him the only idol that was left to show what the poor islanders had worshipped. As tlie vessel went out through the reel, the people stood singing a hymn, Jed by the natnc teacher left m charge, hut up in the shade of the'ban yan, where the idol had stood, an old man lay upon the ground, his grey hairs in the dust, for his god was gone and his heart was broken. -dlhough the missionaries would never admit it, the priests and the people knew well tliut the wooden idols were not gods, Imt were merely the images of them. It was only a few, however, knew that at night, between sunset and sunrise, the spirits used to enter into those wooden blocks and give to them powers of speech and locomotion. So these island deities would walk about in the likeness of men, retaining always a certain resemblance to I he image which stood for them by la\\. it was given to the priests alone to know that the earthly life of the-e gods •.Upended on the strength of the faith of those who worshipped them, and that when this faith was dead the spirit of the fod came back to the image no more. As, with the exception of the frail old lineal, all the worshippers of the war-god and deserted him, hut little life came to -lie wooden image in the hold of the -chooner when the sun went down each night, nor yet wlicu it was thrown into i cupboard beneath the stairs of the mis sionary'^ lodging in the city where he settled for a time. lint gradually the life .strengthened in and wooden block, and one night he rose and stiffly and painfully crept out into the street. Terrified at the roar of the traffic! and the blaze of the city lights, he turned nack again quickly to the quietness and darkness of the little closet. This was jj- ■ s ©stay. Each night brought; additional strength, and with it came the ■ desire for movement, so when' the mis hioiiary had gone to bed he would creep out, dressed in some old clothes which he had found hanging in the cupboard. lie was somewhat angular and straight-' fiided, his motions were stiff, and his face was brown and rather ferocious, hut still he might easily have passed for nothing' more than a somewhat ungainly kanaka 1 he poor old god, though rejoicing in his newly-found liberty, felt his isolation keenly, and longed Tor some congenial so ciety. IJis favourite walk was to a public garden close by, where he would sit for hours thinking of his far-off island and his faithful friend the priest. One night when so engaged a tall, thin Eorsonage came up, and sitting down beside iuj, looked him over and said: — "Hullo:. you; are a queer-looking cus tomer. . Where do you hail from?" The idol being fond of languages, though ji^oldier by profession, had studied English in hie spare tinie. He therefore under stood the words of the stranger perfectly, and, although somewhat offended at his flippancy, was too anxious for company \- to stalid Oil his .dignity, So lie simply re fjjied, "I am thi&war-god; -of the island of modi" "Ho, ho, ho," laughed the stranger. "A war-god, ch? . .But yrhnt are you doing here. This is not Eifoo?-' ■ 'T canie uptfith a missionary," said the others grimly, "who intends taking me round tb jdiow to the pcOple when he lec tures." • , • - ■ .i/:'.-.' , At this the stranger* burst into a roar of laughter, whereat the idol reddened with aD"Wlio arc you," he growled, "and what do vou see in mc to make you laugh. "I am a spook." gasped the other, as lie recovered breath, "an up-to-date ghost. And so you arc going to let a wretched liuman creature cart you round, and maKe a show oi' you, as if you were a waxwork, "But what can I do?" returned the idol, gloomily. , . .. .. "Do?" jerked out the spook, impatiently, "why clear out of course, "i on are one ot us. You can do what you please at night. Then whv iu the name of Uesar a ghost do you mean to let that fellow run you round the country, and make a laughing slock of you? I'd bite his head oil first. A thrill ran through the idol s sluggish veins at these hold words. "And you," lie asked "are you free to go about as you please?" "Free" cried the other scornfully, 1 should think 1 was. 1 allow no human to control mo. llut now, look here, you aie not a had sort, though not very ornamen tal. Come, and I'll show you the town. I am rather stale at present with table-rap pings and slate-writings, so we will have a night of it." , a So together they marched oil into tut "I say," said the spook, as tliey entered a crowded streer, "if you-clamp along the pavement like that, and wear such a foro eious expression on your face, there ^vill ue a crowd round us iu uo time. Can t >"ou walk jnore lightly, and look pleasanter. i "I'll trv," returned the idol, in a mekui cbolv lone, "but my joints are still stilt from want of exercise, and I haven t much cause to look pleasant." "Then come in here and lubricate," said the spook, suddenly drawing Ins com panion through a pair of glass doors, llie idol gasped with amazement, lie was in a long loom, bright with lights and the glitter of silver and glass. Behind a polished counter stood a row ot tair haircd, smiling girls, the loveliest objects the idol's eyes had ever rested on. lo a hlue-eved damsel the spook went up and spoke." He seemed to lie well known there, and the girl handed a bottle and two glasses over with a smile. "Here, take this," said the si>ook, "nTid put it down your throat," and the idol tilted the fluid into his capacious mouth. A warm and exhilarating glow ran through his system, his eyes glistened. This is hotter than kuvu," he said, "I think 111 take sonic more." _ The spook laughed, and handed him the bottle, when the girl, attracted by his strange appearance, gazed at bun 111 duuio astonishment as he tilled his tumbler to the brim wiili spirits and tipped it down liis throat. . "Oh. 1 sav," said the spook, that won t do, vou know. You musn't• drink grog without water by the tumblerful like that. ! You'll do yourself an injury. ' I The idol grinned contemptuously. "Water," he cried, "Gods never drink [water. In my country 1 am the war ■•■od and inv drink is blood," and his eyes flashed as 'he spoke. "Who is your friend," said the blue-eyed one to the I SP"Oh," replied he, "a gentleman from the I back blocks, not much used to town ways. iCoiuic along, uiy boy; well go. k So they moved out.' Just us they got 'into the"street they met a gentleman iu ! black who stopped dead, and, with an ex • claniatioo of surprise and alarm, stared •full in (he idol's fare and then moved on, :«hakin-r his head and looking extremely puzzlej The idol, meantime, stood as il trans ixed to the pavement. , "What on earth are standing there lor, .aid the spook. "Who is the man? "The missionary," groaned the nlol. •My missionary, lie knew me, I am sure, uid" now he will go home and Jind that 1 U"\Veli, what if he docs," jerked out the spook: "upon my word, for a war god you liave precious little pluck about >"ou- "t which the idol hung bis head, and followed liis friend down the street in silence. A little further oil the spook led the way through a green baize door marked "Members only." „ , , , . . "This," said he," is the Spectral Club. I'll put vou up as a country member m the meantime. 1 tliink you'll like^it, for vou will meet the best sort here. ' Entering the smoking-room first, the idol was introduced to the president of the club, a fine old family ghost, who sat by the fire reading the ".Midnight Maga ZI" Who did you say," he asked sharply, -.taring haughtily at the awkward figure >f the poor war god, " a heathen idol, eh?: iteallv, Mr. Spook, you take too much upon) ,-ourself in introducing strangers of that lass into this club," and thereupon, swel ing with offended dignity, he resumed his ^The^spook was furious, and dragged his. Fiend off to another room. "Confounded fid stick." he said. "He won't condescend o say a decent word to anyone who is uot) •onneeted with a castle or a moated grange. I tVe are gettiug pretty sick of lus airs, I { lan tell you,, and he won't be president; ong. Here are some of a different sort, | ina he introduced the discomfited idol to. r livelv group, consisting of.two smart' ,-oung 'bogeys, a middle-aged hobgoblin, in intellectual-looking mahatma, and several shades of varied ; appeur nce, who crowded round the idol, nd by their interest in Jiirn and nerry ways quite cheered him up again.) iVitli these modern spirits, indeed, the old ivar god found himself to be quite a lion, ] Hie president was one of the old school) -aoidiy falling into disrepute. Ih its day of) lower, an idol from a cannibal island) would never have been permitted to enter i the club-house of civilised gliosis, hut: fashions had changed • since then, and the ;reatest attention was paid now to visitors,1 whatever their habits and appearance, if | oniv they had some standing beyond the1 ordinary' in the place from which they. :ame. line. After a time an adjournment was made; i the bijliurdrooin, where & hot pool was ; •ranged, and the idol for the first time i mdled a cue. He played a fajr game, for ' novice, hut had a way. of driving his op-1 ment's ball on .to the floor instead of j ito the pocket, which" made the marker I ,]. When liis own ball was pocketed player looked for the customary ehil-' cow I1C jiiaj'tfr WUIVCII AUI llie .vusuiuupy ( wiw ing, but in vain. Tlieu the sjitiok ex lained. - • ■ "But I've got no money, said the idol; 'never had any." . The spook looked disconcerted. "Never nind," he said, "I'll pay for-you lo-night. | tou've got a lot to learn, I see. - I The spook was in great form, pocketing] he balls freely, and gathering in the ehil-1 ings in high good humour, when suddenly i n the act of making a stroke, he guise a j lismril moan, and threw himself down ppon the floor, writhing as if in pain. ."Oh, oh! She's at it .again; it's too had, just as I was beginning to enjoy myself." "What's the matter?" said the idol. "The medium, that cursed medium; she's at her tricks, and I've got to go. Oh! " and twisting, and screaming, and cursing, the unhappy snook gradually ethercalised and disappeared through the ceiling. The idol stood dumb with amazement, but the others only laughed. "Spookey's got to go when the medium calls," explained one of the bogeys, "lie says that he only attends seances for amusement. Looks like it, pli?" As the idol was now without funds, lie retired from the game, and sat smoking and looking on. Meanwhile the missionary reached home in a state of considerable nervous excite ment. Going straight to the cupboard door, lie pulled it open, gazed hastily in, and then fell back, with' Ins blood running cold, and the hair stiffening upon his head. Neither the idol nor the clothes were there. He staggered to the diningroom, took n stiff glass of brandy and water, and threw himself upon n sofa. "Can it be possible," be muttered, "that there is, after all, any truth in these wild tales of the old priests. No, it's too absurd. I am but the victim of an extraordinary coincidence. I see a figure like the idol in the street, aud coming home, find that it and my clothes have bceu stolen. It's strange, certainly, but nothing more,'' and so, trying tD brace hiinscif lip to this be lief, he went.to;bed, In the. morning lie returned confidently to the cupboard. "What a. foolish idea that was, to he sure." he said,. "I had last'night. Who could have stolen that-old image and my clothes?" And, ojiening the door, lie peered in, receiving another shock. -The- idol lay quietly in its accustomed plaCe, and his clothes hung upon the peg. He looked so ill at breakfast that his housekeeper was quite anxious about him. Her appearance suggested another idea, and he suddenly brightened up. "Of course," he thought, "what an ass I have been. Maggie has been (leaning out the cupboard, and took the things out last night and put them back this morn ing. "Maggie," he said, jauntily, "vou cleaned out the stair cupboard last night or this morning, didn't you?" "No, sir, haven't cleaned it for a week, but was going to do it to-day." "Aud you took nothing out of the cup board last night, you arc sure?" "Quite sure. Hut you look mortal ill, sir. Let me get you a drop of spirits." "No thauk-you, Maggie; that will do," he replied, faintly. "To-night," he "said to himself, "I will put an end to this horrible mystery." So before going to bed he satisfied hiin self that both the idol and the clothes were in their usual place, and then he took lip a position at the top of the stairs, so as to command a view of the passage below. At 11 o'clock a faint noise in the cupboard was followed by the sound of a door being opened, and then he saw by the moonlight, which shone in through tlic liall window, a figure stump heavily along, and.disappear through the front door into the street. There was sufficient light for the watcher to recognise both the figure and the clothes. The figure was that of the man he lnid met in the street, and the clothes were his own. All night the scared missionary' tumbled about on his Led, wearily trying to plan out" sonfe line of action. What should he do? . Send for -the jmlice? Summon his friends? Thfev would laugh at him.' They would think hi in mad. Ha!" Perhaps be was mad. Maybe it was all but a hideous emanation from a diseased brain. And so hour after hour his thoughts ran riot, till just before dawn he heard the sound of the idol's return. He had become convinced by this time not only that he was quite sane, but that the idol, or whntcvcr the thing was, did in reality become animate during the hours of darkness. On the day following the only thing take which occurred to him was to take away the clothes from the cupboard. These he found covered in parts with mud, as if the wearer had become acquainted with the gutter, lie took them to his room and locked the door when he retired for the night. Matters now were approaching a ad ra climax. The idol, who had rapidly ac quired a taste for the vices of civilised society, found that he could not indulge in these without civilised money, as his friends soon grew tired of treating him. He decided, therefore, to add burglary to his other sins. His old fear of the mis sionary had departed, and when he found on waking up -that the clothes were gone, he lost ui6 temper, tied a native dress, which hung in the hall, round his waist and started up the stairs. It was just as the missionary turned down the light, and got into lied that he was paralysed by hearing the sound of heavy footsteps coming up the stairs. In a second he was under the bed, peering from beneath the curtain. Then the foot steps stopped at the door, ovhich began to inove as. jjffofcp was being applied from the outside. . Witn.two heavy, blows' the catch gave way and j-lie lijpor Hew ppen, admit ting tffe weird figure of a man—or what resembled^ a man;—of dark • complexion, stiff anil ungainly figure,'and ferocious ex Session; clad only ih'a native waist fringe, e glared hbont till bis eye caught sight of the old, 'clothes hanging on the wall. These he seized and promptly put on with a grunt of satisfaction. Then the terrified man beneath the bed saw hini make for another set of.garments, .phingiug his hand -into the pockets, and finally, with n stiff agule, pulling out a purse, which seemed the object of his search. With this Jie went off, and at the, slam of the front door the missionary once more took to the blankets. After much thought lie at last decided what was the right thing for him to do. He would try and reform the idol. He would meet him on his return and speak to him. So, keeping carefully awake, gn hour before sunrise he went down to the front parlour, and the idol as he came through the door was .confronted by tlie missionary with the lighted candle in Ins hand anil severe determination on-his face. " 1 *■ •" But the idol's eyes were dim, nndr liis movements uncertain. 1 lii a word he.'was very drunk ^ - "Come in here," Raid the missionary, sternly, and led the way to tlie parlour. 'The idol followed, and -sat down suddenly upon a chair, gazing in blank amazement at -the: other. Then the good man began, and talked as be had been accustomed to talk to the native^, but he soon saw without effect.' ■ "Good , ol' missionary," murmured the idol, and then, as the dawn-light came through the blinds, fell heavily to tbe flooV. As he dragged the idpl'to his lair, the missionary said to himself, "I'll try Uiuu next time before he -goes out." So that night he faced tlie war god us he came from I his cupboard. I "Wlmt ilo you want':" said the idol, hoarsely. I 'T want to do you good," replied the ■ other. "Will you come in here and listen tome?" "No," said the idol, "I won't. I know all about it. I've often heard you talk on the island. You spoilt my people there. r that I You brought me here—for that I thank you, certainly, as there is no life like that of u city. Hut 1 can't step to hear you to night. I have a particular engagement uajLh a friend. Some other tunc, per-: hips." pleaded the missionary, " do stay at home to-night. I/et me try and help ■ yqu to lead a better life. Yon know you are ruining your constitution.''' "Oh, that's enough," impatiently, re turned the idol. "You ought to know that we haven't constitutions, aud nonsense of that sort. But see here, I've lost my latch key. Lend me yours, to that I won t have to break open the door." The missionary stood aside, gave over his key, and went to bed, and that was the last word he ever spoke to the idol. Soon after brealdast a constable waited on him with a strange talc. That morning, the policeman said, at about 4 o'clock, four constables had brought a drunken kanaka to the cells, and i locked him up. " He was so violent.'and so strong that tlicy had been obliged to j handcuff, strap, and gag him, and so he: was left. "At 8 o'clock," went on the man,: excitedly, "1 go in, and there on the floor is a wooden image, strapped up, hand cuffed, and gagged, dressed in the very same clothes .that The knu«ka wore when we locked him up four hours before, v In < a pocket was this card, with your name j and address. It's the very rummest hanky-' panky ever I had to do with, aud so says ] the sergeant. Now do yon know anything about it?" The missionary pondered a minute. "Yes," be said, "the image is mine. I brought it up from the islands, and I'll come and get it." "But how did it get there, and into the kanaka's clothes?" "Ah, yes, that's a difficult question, but we'll go and see the idol." So they went, and the missionary brought away his property, without a word of explanation, and the queer tale of the idol and the kanaka goes the rounds at that lock-up till this day. I The idol never stirred from his cupboard again, and the missionary was not sur prised to get by next mail a letter from the teacher at Lifoo. saying that the old priest was dead, aud the whole island converted at last. ! 