NOTES. (BY " PBOPB.") Although it is only a week since "Othello" was produced by the Wilson Barrett Company at the Theatre Boyal, three other dramas of such force hare followed it that there seems a tinge o£ ancient history in making any prolonged reference to the admirably acted story of the Udor. Mr. Wilson Barrett's Othello ¡ was something that will live in the memory of all who saw it. The noble dignity of the character, the early scenes, its jealous fury and agony in the acts when the tragedy grows dark, and the final burst of noble remorse that follows ; the murder of Desdemona, were superbly rendered. As to Miss Maud Jeffries, she took the part of the lovable and beautiful Venetian with marked effect, especially in the murder scene. "Claudian," romantic and impossible, weird and fascinating, was a perfect revelation to the vast audience which witnessed its performance at the Theatre .J. Bjóy^btót^^nday night.r; The house was «imply packed to the doors," and so eajer ?' were the people to see the great piece, in \¿j.JKlá^'Mt:Wi^^-B9jm\^lna scored such ' á^U^CffWcclss, that they gathered in \- hundreds round the theatre entrances long 1 .. ; before the udyertised ' hour of opening. "îïûV NB? seat" was H» bo" obtained at ä 'quarter-past seven o'clock in any part of the bouse, and there was scarcely swinging room for the doors of the dress .circle. .* Claudian " is a creation which is foll of sorrow from start to finish, but it is a sorrow which enthrals the spectator and. makes him keep his seat. The scenery and general mounting of the play were magnificent, and the costuming was something to be long remembered. Hr. Barrett as Claudian was a superbly imposing figure, and Miss Maud Jeffries as Almida was a picfcore-of grace and beauty. . ' c Her ' jpouxtràyal oï the tmàraeter of the daughter of Aleares was charming in the extreme.- The interest manifested in the play was most intense. At the end of each act the applause was deafening, and the curtain had to he raised to allow the Îerforiners to bow their acknowledgments, t is a pity that Mr. Barrett only put Claudian on for one night. It could hare run for a week. Beloved of all playgoers, "Hamlet" never fails to draw. Played by an inferior company it brings good houses, so what could be expected of it when its presenta- tion is in the hands of such an accom- plished actor as Mr. Wilson Barrett and his talented company? Thore are, per- haps, as many conceptions of Shakspeare's intention with regard to the Prince of Denmark as there are stars in the heavens. I have seen many, but enjoyad none more completely than that of the far-famed performer at present in Perth. It would be interesting to know whose idea of the great Shakspsare would be most appre- ciated by him. Everybody who plays it thinks he is playing up to the author's meaning, and yet when a couple of the greatest lights in the theatrical world get hold of it their interpretations differ to a. romarkible degree. ' Mr. I Barrett's "Hamlet" certainly pleased tho' audiences at the Theatre Boyal, and on. Tuesday they insisted upon the great actor making his appearance at the end bf each act te see and hear their demonstrations of approval. '. Miss Maud Jelf ries iras as pleasing an Ophelia as she was an Almida, i and in the mad scene gave a thrilling exhibition of histrionic art. Mr. Horace Hodges, as Polonius, - appeared to have given the part much careful 6tuiy, and Mr. Carter Edwards, as the King, iras dignified. There Tas, however, an enor- mous apparent disparity in the ages of the King and the Queen (Miss McCarthy), and it required quite a big Btretch of imagina- tion to make oneself believe that Her Majesty was the mother of Hamlet. Mr. Ambrose Manning was the first grave- digger, and Mr. Edward Irwin was the I ghost. All. the other parts were well sustained. The scenery was excellent, and altogether the performance was a most enjoyable one. Last night and to-night " Ben-my-Chree " is on at- ¿he Theatre Royal, As these are the farewell appearances ol Mr. Wilson Barrett in Berth they aro certain of atten- j dances as large as those on previous nights -larger attendances they could not have for the theatre has been crowded nightly. To-night is to be a souvenir night at the Theatre Boyal. Every member of the audience is to receive a pictorial souvenir of the .great actor's visit. Messrs. Williamson and Muserrove's Boyal Comic Opera Company, which has , had an unprecedentedly successful run on the eastern goldfields, intends to-morrow night giving a farewell performance in tho Theatre Royal. That charming opera, ** Dorothy," is to be presented. The Boyal Comic Opera Company ¿s billed to play a season in Adelaide on its way back to Melbourne. The Holloway-Anderson Dramatic Com- pany are soon to open at the Theatre Boyal. Professor Kennedy opened his Perth season at the Cremorne Theatre on Monday night before an audience which completely filled the house, and which was as en- thusiastic as it was large. Over the ques- tion as to whether the " Professor " really had the' power of mesmerising or hypno- tising no one seemed to trouble. Why should they ? They laughed heartily for a couple of hours and were vastly amused. Clark and Cogill's Company is still play- ing at Fremantle. The new Pavilion Theatre has become quite a popular place of amusement lately, as is shown by the large audiences which nightly assemble there to witness the performances arranged by the lessees. The Banvard family ara showing at the theatre, and ' their exhibi- tion is appreciated more than any other item on the programme. Mr. Frank Clark has some items in his repertoire entirely new to the Port, and he is presenting them at regular and well studied intervals, while Mr. Cogill is at present dolighting his audiences with two catchy songs-?«' I Did Laugh" and " Henry Did." Mr. Joe Cowen and Mr. John Tudor have joined forces, and at the Bijou Theatre, Fremantle, are producing an extravaganza entitled "The Harvest Home " They have in theil- company, amongst Others, Miss Dora Taylor, Miss Violet Leroy, Mr. Denis Carney, Miss Emma Foster, and Mr. Dick Davis. The piece is fanny, and has been drawing good business. The Kellinos have lately been appearing j with Harmston's circus in Adelaide. London Sketch states that Miss Maggie Moore and Harry Roberts, with a complete Australian campany; intend going? on to England after their Western Australian season. The Oceana, which arrived at Albany from the eastern colonies last Sunday night, bound for ¿he old country, is said to have had on board the Huliaes, Michael Nolan, Miss Hazel, Austin Rudd, and the Kellinos. On Monday afternoon Mr. Wilson Barrett and Miss Maud Jeffries were the guests of <$hè Premier and Lady forrest , and were treated to a pleasure trip down the river, and afforded an opportunity of witnessing the extent of the&rogresB; mada in the construction.'. of. the harbour works -at - Fremantle. 'A few friends had been invited by f5ir John and.. Laity Forrest to meet Mr. Wilson Barrett ahtuMiss Jeffries. - These included Mr. and Mrs. H. B. Lefroy, Mr.- Conoüy, "M.L.A., and Mr. and Mrs. F. D. North. The party - started on the trip early in the afternoon . in the Government launch, and after a pleasant run Fremantle was rsached,and a , very enjoyable time was spent in inspect- ing the -harbour works. The party re- turned to town by train late in the after- noon. In the evening the Premier and Lady Forrest witnessed "Claudian" at the Theatre Royal. 