AUSTS1LI1S, At BioM Hill Broken Hill, November 3. George Thyer committed suicide by hang ing himself in the Southern Cross Hotel this morning. He 'arrived at the Hill yes terday, and stayed at the hotel. He was very quiet all day, and had tea at the usual hour. Shortly afterwards he went to bed, and was discovered this morning attired in underpants and a singlet, hang ing by a strap to the footrail of the bed. Judging by letters found on the body some secret family trouble seems to have preyed upon the deceased's mind, and tempted him to commit the act.; The letters were:— "My name is George Thyer, Eden Valley, South Australia. My life has been a wreck. I have nothing to live for: now, and could not marry my poor to drag her into misery. I had thought I could settle down now, but I had no hope. I would only have gone'mad after we were married a short while. I cannot bear to live and suffer this all iny life. May God help you all to bear it.-r-George Thyer." "I cannot live after parting with my dear . God only knows how I have lot esnec even from my own hmithers and sisters. May God help my poor mother and father r it. Please send this to my brother, to Sea T. Thyer, Yorketown. Yorke's Peninsula; An inquest is to be held to-morrow. A benefit concert was given in the Walker ville Hall on Tuesday by the Federal Benefit Concert Company in aid of the widow and family of the late Mr. George Sparnon, who was accidentally killed by a fall of earth in the North Boulder mine, West Australia. The hall was packed. Miss A. G. Percy sang "In old Madrid," Miss Maud Berry "By the fountain," Miss G. Macfarlane "Island of dreams," Miss Mabel Richardson "At my window" and "The donkey cart," and Messrs. Beatty Brothers were applauded for their acrobatic song and dance "The violets dipped in dew." Mr. E. C. W. Roeder gave "The postillion" and "The admiral's broom," Mr. Syd Percy the comic song "Where I am lodging now," and Mr. Harry Lyons "I'm going to see my last new girl." Mr. Peter Carstin sang " May I dance with you" and "I live underneath," and with Miss Macfarlane took part in a duet "Very improper indeed." Mr. Marchant's rendering of "Irish airs" on the improved auto harp was effective, and the entertainment concluded with a laughable farce entitled "The Walkerville ghost," which kept the audience in roars of laughter. The characters were taken by Mr. Tom Beatty. Mr. Syd Percy, and Mr. Jim Beatty. 