JHTERCOLOKIM.. Rural and Other Topics in Queensland, (feom oub coeeespondent.) BRISBANE, September 26. ' Ticks are bad enough,' said a Toowoomba resident to me last week, «* but the fruit fly is a sight worse.' He spoke with the emphasis of a man under conviction, and thrust hand* down into pockets that would have been better lined had the pest in question been less destructive. Another mild winter has nearly gone, which makes the question of its reappearance particu larly interesting. There are those who contend that the fly will go as suddenly as it came, but they seem to base their calculations upon a return of colder seasons. In the meantime nothing seems assured. Last year mangoes an 3 persimmons were attacked, while grapes were apparently as vulnerable as peaches and apricots. So disgusted was an amateur orchardist near Brisbane, whose vineyard has been his pride and delight, that he made no effort to fight the ordinary pests for the coming summer. His lime-washing and sulphur ing had only served to preserve deliciouB fruit for 1 he fir, and he has practically let things go. On the Downs it was just as bad. I was told of one instance in which immense trouble had been taken to ensure a good apricot crop. The trees had been handled with constant care, and the soil had been enriched and prepared with skill and knowledge. Naturally, the yield promised to be phenomenal. Right up to the time when a descent upon the market could be discussed with some show of rea son the fly kept away, and then it came down like one of the plagues of Egypt. There was no money in apricots for the unfortunate grower in a week after, while the bulk of the mischief was done in 24 hours. Mr. Benson is now taking up the matter with vigour and enthusiasm. He is conducting a series of experiments to discover, if possible, some safeguard against this wholesale destruction, even though a specific may prove to be out of reach. Meanwhile the gathering and burial of fallen fruit is made imperative, and growers are looking at their barrows with mixed feelings. I was under one very fine pear tree at Toowoomba a day or so ago from which the fruit had been wheeled worthless hist year, and the prospects of a beautiful orchard were considered small enough this year as the season was dis cussed. Altogether, the fly is a serious nuisance. It is suggestive in this connection that experi ment is covering a wide area in Southern Queens land, apart from the search for checks to the vari ous orchard pests. At Stanhope the most suitable stocks for cherry.growing and the variety of fruit ? tree best fitted for that climate are only now be ing found after years of patient investigation. Very soon the Stanhope cherry will compete with the Armidale cherry, but it will be in the market a fortnight earlier. Evolution is the word, and our orchards will represent the survival of the fittest later on. Wheu visiting the Tweed and Rich mond rivers last year, I found that the fruitgrowers there were settling down to obtain their young trees from Brisbane nurseries, because they had discovered through endless failures that supplies from Sydney must be discontinued. The Bris bane climate is so much akin that trees planted from this end do well, while trees from the colder south give little or no satisfaction. So the story jjoes on. Sir William M'Gregor has arrived from New Guinea, and everybody is inquiring about ' that syndicate.' He accepts all the responsibility. To those who would debate the pros and cons he, however, makes a polite bow and asks for time. His annual report, now in course of preparation, is to explain everything. That is very well in its way. Sir William has done a great work in New Guinea, and has raised to himself troops of ad mirers. He may be thoroughly convinced, too, that concession-mongers and .monopolists at large . will serve the purposes of civilisation better than settlers in the ordinary course. He may be quite able to explain an ordinance which gives a certain syndicate control of a vast area of Crown land in New Guinea as blocks become available, though the Government Surveyor at the same time is hunting out various portions of hind suitable for agriculture on syndicate lines, which must be pur chased first from the natives. But what people want to know above and beyond all that is some thing which touches Sir Hugh Neleon quite as much as Sir William M'Gregor. How came it that the Governments of the contributing colonies were kept in the dark ? That is ths question. Another question has reference to a possible com petition with Queensland in the kanaka labour market and a consequent rivalry in the production of tropical commodities. Sir William pooh-poohs the idea of jealousy. He thinks that such a great colony as Queensland has nothing to fear and ought to bo ashamed of confessing to anything of the sort. But the point is that, while the employ ment of kanakas here is a matter of steadily de creasing importance, since the number of white employees is on the up grade and the number of kanakas is about stationary, it is certain that any sudden dislocation of the relations or of the pro portion between the two would seriously affect the sugar industry. Moreover, Quensland money has helped to make settlement in New Guinea possi ble, and why should any syndicate be allowed to play a 'hurtful game without the knowledge and consent of the colony most concerned F The main question, however, has reference to Sir Hugh Nelson's autocratic ways when Premier. Had he let the other Australian Premiers into his, confi dence, as he should have done, there would have been fair play, and at this end of the continent we are watching developments with a very keen eye. The mining industry still attracts the attention of capitalists, and rouses the enthusiasm of \- thoughtful minds in Queensland who study it from the outside— lacking pence for investment. Both classes of investigators, - with the practical miner following hard after, want to know why the Government is delaying to introduce the promised Mining Bill in the Assembly. Ministers explain that the Premier's illness is responsible. They do not appear to be able to introduce anything in bis absence, which means that the proposed amendments to our mining laws may not be' dealt with this session Still the development of the various fields proceeds apace. Even the doubtful areas in the Wide Bay and Burnett district are receiving a considerable overhauling, and the copper known to exist at Mount Perry is being brought into prominence. It is singular how that metal tantalises the investor just inland from Bundaberg. An expert explained* to me that one particular lode was being worked by a man aud his sons, who sent the oie to the smelting works, near Maryborough. As the works could treat 10 times the quantity with profit to all concerned, it was proposed to open up th9 mine by finding the necessary capital. Ou investiga tion, however, the lode was found to be too small to do any more with than was being attempted, and the project had to be abandoned. This promise with its uusatisfactory fulfilment is characteristic of a wide atea in southern Queens land. About Brisbane, for instance, there' are many evidences of the existence of gold some where. Professor Pepper, -when he lived here, lost much money in sinking a shaft within a few miles of Queen-street ; and other folk have flogged the will o' the wisp with as satisfactory results as the enthusiastic manufacturer of ghosts obtained. It has been disappointment all round. Yet geologists have travelled up the Enoggera Valley to exclaim at the similarity of the general formation to that of well known auriferous areas. Much of the Gympie promise seems to be made. Within two miles of the General Post Office quartz leaders may be found running acrots footpaths, alongside which the electric tram stops to pick up passengers ; while one ex-miner from Ballarat told me he had pros pected 30 years ago up ihs ridges upon which now staud a multitude of houses and a thriving suburb. In the north, however, the facts lie the other way. The Cloncurry field, for instance, is fabulously rich in iron and copper, which cau only be realised as railways are made. It reads like a fairy tale to follow the statements of the Government Geologist upon' some of our northern possibilities, and gradually people are waking to understand the necessities of the case. The cry for railway communication is rising with a force which will make the Government eager to 'oil for votes at the coming general election by the old bad plan. One critic has averred that a Tailway policy will presently descend at the proper moment in the shape of many bundles of carrots to persuade various constituencies to play the ass in a crisis. Yet, so far as some of the lines asked for are concerned, the way towards construction is clear enough. The Chillagoe ven ture ie proof of that, and other mining proposals and probabilities have only to be studied to warrant State aid in the shape of railways. 