Local and General News Fob Sj-fTLiKKNT l.tasa—Armidale Laud DUtriot, on Batata Holding —2852 aftraa, in 1 fnitn i 18 mile* from Unfit; capital value, I61 Bd per am, will be available. XQdi Mot,, 1698, for settlement lease. • * Bisnor Omskok Tooft.—lat'bc VValgett, Reboot erf Art* on Tuwday night the Rial)op of Grafton and Armlda'e lectured on " Imperial London" to a large audience . Bishop Greea left earl) on Wednesday for Como-by-cWoo, where be preaches 'and thenoa to I'illiga, he than prooeeda to Narrsbrf, via Wee Was, Hiliobovb 8habe Qcoranom.—The following are the latent quotations for Uillgrovc mining tbaretBakers Oreek Gonaole—a. Si 6d; Sunlight b. 2s, a. 4s 6d j Wett Sunlight a. 2s; West Sunlight Con,-a. Is. . ' Heath ik Tffx Hospital,—On Thurs day afternoon Henry Brows, aged 63 reap, who .for the past aeveo years has been wardsman at the Armidale Hospital, died in the institution" from tuberoolosis. The deoeased, who was a faithful and loyal servant, at' the institnlion, was highly esteemed by the officials and committee of the hospital. The f oners) took plnce yesterday. 1 Wsddino it Govba.—At the residence' of Giles Moore, Guyra, on Wednesday, Mr, Joseph M'Mullen, storekeeper at Loch end, was married to Miss Agoea Connors, of Wandsworth. The Ker A. S. J. Harding, of Hillgrove, conducted the eeremony, which was witnessed by a large number of friends pf the contracting partial. The bride, who was attended by Miss Millie Moore, was attired io a becoming costume of lavender silk, trimmed with cream and white silk and lies. In the evening a dance was given, in honour of the event, when apwardi of one hundred persons were, present, and a pent a most enjoyable time. CocwrST Hospitals.—On Wednesday a deputation of country members of I Parliament interviewed the Colonial ■ Seoretary urging that country Hoapilale ] be plaoed upon tho same footing as metropolitan institutions with regard to ' the oonditions under which pauper pa tients were treated. It was pointed out in reply, that country Hospitals were already paid a subsidy. Last year they received £3,3,900 oda as against £8000 paid to Metropolitan institutions. They had, in fact, proved auoh drain on the public revenue that the increased ex Sinse proposed would not be justified, ospitals were growing and it would be necessary for the Government to con sider whether the present heavy drain on the finances could be sustained. ' AGbBat IirsTiTtTTib/J.—Australia poa tsseis many institutions of whioh it is justifiably proud. None, however, has eclipsed in publio interest the Australian Mutual Provident Society, whioh will, at the close ol the year, complete its jubilee. It is well, then, at this juoolure,to recall the fact that the Society was started in 1849, on the mutual principle, with no capital than iti admirable constitution, and auoh has been its popularity, that [ after 50 years it is in the enviable posi tion of being by far the most' cosiderable financial institution In the colonies, as welPas the largest Mutual life office in the British Empire. A few figures will give an idea of the .wonderful growth of the Society. Funds to the amount of £14,470,578 are invested while the an nual inoome is no less than £2,094,706. The cash Surplus distributed among members during 49 years aggregate ,£7, 726.170 while the rash bonus distributed last year amounted to £445,235. This a record profit among life offices in the British Empire. The next division of pro fit will be mode as at the laitday of the yesr and Ml polices issued .prior to thiit date will ahere in the bonus to be dis tributed amongst the participtting polioy holders. It is worthy of notice that not' only is there the usual remarkable in crease tn new, business, but many old members are taking out additional policies in commeooration of the event. Under sueh circumstances the present year bids fair to put up a record. Hot only should the members, directors and management he congratulated on such results, but Australia rejoices in the phenomenal progress of the A-MF. JCDOB Concur AKD TAB UoMOE.—At the CircuitGourt on Wednesday, His Honor Mr. Justice Cohen, made some rather warjnjemarka for' the benefit of the poliee.In giving evidence it was elicited that 8en.-8etgt, Evans and Constable Yiasard hed not delivered the necessary caution to a suspected person before obtaining a statement from him. His Honor said that he had. frequently been compelled, bo reprimand poliee' officers for Hie practice of negleot ieg to caution suspected persons -be fore getting "statements from them. No man should be asked questions by a police officer, 'whether in uniform-or otherwise, nnlett he be previously, cau tioned and told that anytiring said by him could be osed as evidence against him when on trial; To reference to that particular machinery of the Court referred po it was not unnsUal for police officers— in every way estimable and worthy men— toqnestion persons whom theyhad j ""lout going through ' under arrest without going through the properfbrm. The danger innot acting properly in the respect referred to was that an officer, no matter how, truthful, jras always liable to forget—amy man's memoir W»| fallable. He knew of a pa so where a policeman had omitted one pipce of cnclence, which, when recalled io his nund and given by him,altered the whole ease, sqd die three span, charged with sheep stealing, wefe discharged. A policeman was alio liable to make useof a word or statement not used hy^he person being questioned. In .the par ticular case of Biding, the constable got a certain admission from the accused which would havebeeneVidenoe of rape —a capital charge, .on which a man's life depended—and yet he did not properly caution the man before obtaining the statement. His Honor made similar re marks in the HiUgrove assanlt ease, in whioh (hmUfble Moloney failed to' cau tion the accused, JS^rri?ll'«..yiTOviLiK Co.—This welj known ppmp» ny made their fir«t eppear edcelfltheTown Hall last night before* very good attendance. Mr. Winfon'a re pntation *• * ventriloquist preceded him and consequently he was no stranger to hia audience, which was deli&ted; and hlgbYyamnssd at his clever wdjhing of bit figures, hit veraatile wit andiiii won* dorfar ventriloquism. Indeed 1» length ened engagement with Mr, Hwry Bic kardt. (t>ver4 yean) proves ihatnbe it an artist of the highest rank. Mrl Winton't imilationrof a train whistle, ahvbccarins, etc., elicited .hearty applause,tifent that gentleman'* happiest time was Undoubted - ly with " M'GinU,'; who evidtt^ly had some friends in the audience-Al kept everyone in roars of lsughter|pC«ptain Sloeum, a moil wonderful inhnswo, who tmokei, takes off his hat, and bows to the aoifienrewes atourceof great wtmuertoenl and itlsdifficult to believe thatih$" Cap tain" it pot a real " lire 'un." JCne other members of Ike Company im|ile M. Smile Lsnern, a very clever jjTuaioriift, the Llewelyn siiters, high class^yqoaUsti, Mr.,Hami{t6n Hill, who possesSipja mag nifioentbaritdue voice, and :Mj9* May M'Ofystk], pianist. The company . will pleylttHiUgrove to-night. W J;. 'iPbOMp •< Norma.—Some unprincipled traveller*,-arid traders are constantly stating that ire are not in business in Newcastle, We beg to give such state ment bmpisl,denis), and inform ' our cus tomers lfi this district that we'are .still at the onfrasdrisi, and have no couneo-. tioo'wfth'any' Brdney' firm. Our repre- ■ tentative, Mr. Harris, visits this district regularly, gnd will be pleased to call on you on|ii>;wt.Stsit' No one in or- out of Sydney centouch iji in onr respective lines. Forjill you wear, bar. boots, try us. Lasker - Bros., Tailors, Mercers, and Maointosh ^makers, 82 and 84 Hunter atreet Newcastle,* Nkm PiBABE.— Headers- have pro. bably perused, many .snake yarns, ghost stories atjd fish .tales, all more or less true, how an old resident of Clarence cornea along with the follow, ing, which may be classed as the first " corp yarn." " The ba^ks of the nothern rivers best creation for maize producing. In the early days of the Clarence the returns per acre were phenomenal, and the stories relating thereto no less wonderful. I remember two old bands once con versing on the subject, when one said to the other. "Do you know when Brush Grove .was first opened up the settlers used to get tremendous yields of corn; so rich was the land , that sometimes they took off. IQCLbnshels and more to the acre, and nijp tbey sold the corn stalks afterwards for posts tor fencing." " Yes," said old timer No. 2, " I recollect it j^ell.for I used to mortioo the holes ,'for lhe posts." In the Guild Hall on Tuesday evening next, the pupils of the Urauline Convent will give a repetition of the entertainment which they produced so successfully in the 8ohool Hail'recently. The plans for the new Council Cham bers, particulars of whioh appear in the report of the Council meeting,, were drawn up by Mr. Mo. Harm 