iTHE 0L0 THIEPS FATAL DREAM. i HAUNTED BY AN OILSKIN SUIT. The clevor writer ot tboflorics of obtracter sketches in tlie"\Vcatralnoler Gazette," who ban created " Arohio Slow, the ootorous Glasgow 'burglar, tolls in his most reeent article bow the fold roan was befooled by a dream. He says ' There ia sauiiifitg piety about Archie. His tefforU aro leavened with terrible knowledge, (with bittor oxperieaeo. I venturod to aalc him about Danny Bums. ' Ob, yea, said Archie, Daouy knows my career. Danny and mo got ftbAteeveu years I was fiellin' yon of together. (We wbb both io the eame job.' " Ob, that's '.how it was ! What was the jub Archie P" "Well, 'we was both down on tho knuckle— atony broke — the drink bad fair got held of us— tools gone, 'clothes gone— no was right en tho kuuekle. !' It's a bad lookout, Douny,' says I— we wsa takia' a rumble down Oxford-Btreefc ono dark 'night— long ago now— nbout twelve o'olook, (itoth as dry as a kiln/' 4 Archie,' soys Dauoy, see— there's a swell bloke I ' He'd just como in jtbo light of a lamp. Lot's cop hiro, Dnuoy,' joeys 1; You got iu front of him— quiok. And 1,1'U put tho hog ou,' " ! With aleaUhly gestures wbieh mnde my flesh joreep, Archie ployed the drama for mn— and put the hug on my humble peraun. Two hands Jful of bony flngors round my throat, head Used Jin fl«hy rice, a gasp, horrid gurgle. In tho j middle of tho l'ontaviile-rcad 1 wu rifled of I all my possesions, and left for dead— so to speak, " Arohie ! gently I ! So that's pufctiug , tho hug on, is it P Well, I'm glad yon'vo seeo jtbo errorr of your nsya 1 1 ! " j " Sixty pound was iu the pooket-book," (Archio went on, nob heeding my cxoUmaiiees, : Sixty pound— hot wo never see I ho colour of it ; we both had te fly. Baiiey dart one way, I another, and they copped aa both. We met in the dock, aud west te PortUud together I— seven years for highway rubbery with violence. And that were the last job 1 done with Dntsuy tBurot. Hut we was soon separated," "Sep (orated ! " 14 Aye— and a very long distanco.' Oh ! how was that ? 99 " By a dream," And imakiug our way slowly towards King's Cross, f Arctic related the following incidents to me, heedless of the hum of men, tho toll of trnfll?. j " When 1 done my solitaiy eoniioeaent they takes me off— ohcens aud nil— to the quarries :agia, aud puts mo in n quiet eorner ssooothin' istenee— big stones thoy was, too, weighed more (oor a test each. Thoy shewed me how to do it, !'and then loft me to my devices. 4 Well,' say I, Arohie ! this is a uioe easy jub as they've |Rien ye. Easier nor long handed shovels, joositr nor picks, and safer nor wheeling a bsrrorr 'along a foot plank by a ioug ways. Give me lurry flrmy. No fear of broikin' your neotc at this job.' Su I grinds away at the stone until C folds tired, which a as very soon, and then 1 rile (me down to get my wind agiu. " Hollo ! Arohie, what over's that P ' I cried. I was fair taken aback, for I thought I see the warder hanglu' up by a hook in the tool hut, close to mo. I looks ogin— hard. Is it a dead man ? ' says 1. Then I burst utUughitig. It was only a suit of oihkios dryiu, hot it give ine a bud torn, beio' vayther weak altar so much braad and water. Bnt that night I se» 'em agin— bkey oomee a rrsllrin' iu on sorbin', eaabiu' no jnoirtc, an gloatntn' all yollnw in tho durk— the whole suit o' oilskins, sou'-westrr an' all. I'm tuot a man that's easy skoarod, but if evor 1 was (it was then, Atchie, Archie.' Good Lord 1 jho'i a "talking" to rae ! ' 1 cries. ! sits up iu imy bed, the sweat pout-in' off me. 1 Afobie, lit ssid agin, 4 VI by don't you put rae on and kkerladdle P 4 And than it flew out o the winder— bits notwithstanding. When tho warder imvos rnnto my businoss in 'the raornio', I lifts my lamps (my eyes, of ooor»o),atid there ho was haagin' up from tbo Took as much like a dead man as evar. ' You ' villian !' cries 1 , shnkin' my G«t at him, nil my Srous ringing liko a blacksmith's shop. What d'ye moan by dintnrbia' of a 'ard wurkiu'mau at his rest P What d'yo menu by it ? And then 1 stopped as if 1 wero fruie. 4i will put yo on uud skedaddle V cries I, I should never have thought of it if ho Usdn't pat ic into my head, I hears oome o' the men tittcrin'. 'Why are thoy laughing ?' snys I. llut I never turns n>y head, though every second I expooks to boar tho alarm. But no— und sooa 1 reaches the bridge Arohie 1' says I. Archie— another minute nnd ye'il be rate acronfc, aud hi for sweet liberty I1 1 steps boldly ou to the bridge, aud tramps along towards the eentry, who stood about midway. ; 1 Who gors thoro ? Halt f' bo crios. 1 Hallo t' I s»yr, und my heart fair lept to my jmontb. His uun was up and piotiu' at me. : Don't fire, ye feel,' ! shouts ; I'm a tree mau goio' home to my wife aud childor.' Tkero (were lote o' free uioa wortria' about tiio plaoe jyuu know. . „ ' Who are ye ?' he cries, stondin' close to rau in the middle of the road, svill airoia'. 4 Dun't, I toll ye. I'm a free man— Archibald Sloos— gem' homo to my wife and obildcr.' I :was quite augry with him. f Genu' hofue to your wifo and children !' be oris, eUpa his baud ou ins, pulls open my follow coat— aud tbeorwaimy nice lieu bauglus and sy sbesns oxpessd to view, It was aa awful exposure. ' Will yo Hurrvndor quietly ?' says be, diggia' :me with the end of the b iyonut, and .thou ho nfbtfttles, und iu a minute I was surrounded. Well, it oouldu' b be helped ; but,' aays I lo ithe ssntvy, 4 why didn't you take my word P | With that they all begins laugh. 4 Take your word !— word of a man what iwenrs a oiUUin suit whsu the sun's -abinm' r" .And ao it was, and 1 fair gnatibcd ay teeth to ;think how I'd been deoriyed. > ! " They inaroks rae to my eel, and all the jw&y; I trap' baegia' tho oilskin suit about and tsbiudtt' It— 4 Why don't yu put me on dud sko. 'daddlo ? ' Oh ! damn ysz. I mede up my 'mittd I'd never put trust tn a ghost no moro— 'never. I've never believed ie 'cm since. The 'liars. Woll, I knew X wus in for it now. The Jnpxt day I'm brought before the Governor, and I'm obargod firstly— with atsalin' the ciitelcins / 'secondly, with tryin' to moke my eseape, Archie,' says 1, It's like a sermon, wiib its finttly nod its secondly— »ud what'U thirdly bo ? ' 1 lcuew. 4 It's nil quite right, sir,' ttuyi I, '4 I've tried »od failed. I'll try agin, though,' In a week's time comes the viriting mugis- trnte. 1 Is it true P ' aays be. Whet's thu . .good o' avkin' mo/ says I, 4 You wou'c believe ,mo, whatever 1 say.' Yes— 1 will ifrou spook .ithe truth.' . Well, sir. It's this way— when ;lbe Governor gets a lot o' eouviets aud hands 1 them oyer to the warder. It's bis bmineoa to ikeep 'em, ain't it P And ou the other bund, it's the burimuu of the oouviotu— to got nway if titoy 'oiiu, What do you cay, sir? Now, ain't I telling the truth.' 'OU!' says the visiting Magts Urate, angry like. There— didn't 1 say you jwouldo't boliivo use lltuowudit/ 1 Did you steal the warder's oilskins ?' tiieul 'em, no. '1 tack tho 1mm of 'era— that's all.' 4 Well, tor jborrowin"cm you shell have a month's bread jaud water, aud twenty-right mere pounds ; weight) of itous— for six months. Oh ! tbauk yo, old follow, Pile it up/ ( And for abtmnpttug jto escape you shall have a warm breakfast te i morrow moroin— and fifty lushes. And you'U wear the canary jacket.1 4 Thank yo, air, thvn 'I will bo a toff. Funoy mo in o enroty juoket ! .Mind 1 den'tfldp tuy wings and fly away.' j' All chat eight) last yellow ugin— only this (time it was a bird, tho like o which I'll never ;sscu afore, sitting antrido a cat wi' uiu<> teila. ,'whisxiug o'er me. I tossed and turned, end ' were twin' to ottdi the thing r>U night through. I ww'-fqlr tirpd , out In tisemonjDg, Atbolf- post Ave' the bell riogs, aud up I gets, washes mysel', »olean8 my oell, and sits mo down. 'Archie,' says I, 4 I woudor if it hurts '—fur I'd never had , aoy beforo. ' Woll, old man, yo can't grumble, anyway s. You've wrought for it, sod it's only your desorta.' I was n lair- minded man. I'd have mad« a good judge, I believe, if I'd heeu properly eddicitcd. But as lbs timo went on <n.\r bsok begins to creep badly. 4 Cheer up, Arohis,' soys I, Aye. I was alvrayn a talkin' to mysel'. .I'd no other friend as cared for me oo much as Arohie. 4 Cbcor up— novo mind— bear it like a man, and yo'll have a nice warm brcakfan' instead o' that cold water and dry broad,' And, sure enough, tbov brings mo a bowl o' bot cocoa and somo bread and butter. At tea thoy leads mo out to execution. Thoy strips mo to the waist, lashes me to tke triangle, and in a minute down oomec number ooo.' Very WMtninV says I. 4 Knives ! ' says I to numbtr two. But they couldn't get a yell out o' ma. Withuurober throe comos blood, But thoy neter go6 moro ner a groan out o1 my peer hcily. No. Whau it was over and IM hnd my fifty, tbey tskes me to my celJ,rra««brH my bnok and drcrses it with bog's lord. 4 Oh, Paradise ! ' cries I. But I was worse nor I thought. 4 Tako him to the hospital,' soys tiio ilnotcr, in tho afternoon. ' Oh ! you foolish ma,' ho styg. Why don't you hubnve yourself.' Buhevo raysolf ! Para dise ! ' I murmurs. I coald scarcely restrriu Joj. 4 Poradiito ! ' I Und chops, beef tee, arrowroot, rioe puddoa, pofcatys, I lies soft and warm. I goto loU o' bncoy. Lots o' talk. And nothing to do. Behave myself 1 I lived like a pvopor Dook for fire weeka— and on the sixth Mouday my name was read out to go to Australy as a desjiBrsto character, tlo J a dntjp&mte; character. I was like a Umb, And that's how nan and Daoay Burns got separated— all slung of % dream." 