Greenroom Gossip, Bv '•' TOCCHSTJNI " Miss Peggy Pkuh; i s P , nr! Sydney. Every «,,„ J community is ready u. dir fn r ^ r] copies her and think, talks inu^S is a veritable boom at the Tiv 0]j, J f to be the greatest suc-eecs that Ha-rv Pi J yet had. ' • Wilson Barrett, before he i e [ t p up and rearranged very largely the, of "The Christian/' which the lini Company are shortly to produce W actor's practical stage literary emer^" J. C. Williamson in good stead, as Se of the new play as originally received and unpolished. Cablyle Smythk has settled fori Brussels, where he is editing an Em is unlikely that this side of thfr liim again for some time. Miss Cecily Stacnton made a ; at a charity concert at the DucS' jand's house on the 9th June. Fame. A gentleman was Shakespeare Ball. Said he: don't know. Seems to me all SL characters' dress are very similar, wear. I'm thinking of going as! it's one of the uiost picturesque < nnd Prydes-T to'drt*" into the strong- 1 DURWARV LI. bout the '29t!i • :;j,) of many <. li.n : operas at ; ,,, ! Ill' lilSt JH-IJ- ,.," •' Kuddigorc," ihcniselves at t" on rn-oir ,.„(),-it-i on their , ; ,„> jloial con- : il|., prettiest of U i ries and little ,,. ,if vivid velvet, die train left the .,,.', production of '.i '",VIH- will give us .. months' lime. .: U'OI-K were very „.' week.-: 1 that ,, ] j-caauii before ,,JI1S confirms our inaugurated at the :,,!>, as was at first The now plays ..i:\ni" Sans Gene" i.-ri' of news cabled • Tasmanian tenor • ti.irdcii, had l>cen ,•;. with tin- Grar. iH i!- •H'Siam Hall on the • .-atic Society a pre- • •,mated address was miser and conductor, .,-';. destined for Miss ,,,:liiicd. mid will be • V on her return to ;\isij handed to the 1 worked hardest to :•'( v's recent producriiiinlu was given to tickets—Miss Celia Theatre Royal. ;-_r largely discussed, n hat they are going led. Most of Shake- .iddicted to tights; II.T earnest study of '"ling whetlier they h' tight nether gar- •i\" lie cxpe<'ted. A • "f all shapes and o score or so of and the Ghost : . will he favoured • • don't want to run c vocalist at an Chevalier at the ho last week in , . i Her season in packed audience ousing welcome, enthusiastically !- r of the Opera uher and a long tli. to be postganisatiou got a inL'ham made a oad to recovery •ng his sickness ll - nt of visitors, to the walking visits ; whilst icws have also a sprinkling of and several , eral ill) the list Tlip I] le j nvalid boring. Don't • book by Mr. t"died—whilst Tin-: B roughs cleared me,- .0000 during their Eastern f tour. Miss PKI;I;Y PKYDK. (ieorge H. Wood and MissMaiion Ainsworth open a season at the Opera House during the nexj fortnight. " THE ISII'X OF THE CROSS " Company opens at the Princess" in a revival of Wilson Barrett's luc-rey drama oil the of •July* AT the Sydney Lyceum a revival of " Undei the Gaslights" ' holds the boards. Miss Watts- Piiillipsisthe Peach-Blossom of the production, Miss Helen Burdett the Laura Courtlaiid, Johnson Weir the RayTafl'ord, Harrv Shine the Bermudas, anil H. W. Diver the Byke. NEGOTIATIONS are IN progress for Charles Cartwright and his company to do another season in Sydney on the conclusion of the Perth season. Miss ADELAIDE HEXXI.NO- IUM lias joined the Myra Kemble Comedy Company. She is to play the soubr roles and to understudy M lvemble. Miss; EDITH MORLEY has 1 in the hospital since her return to Melbourne, undergoing a slight face operation, rendered necessary by her recent accident in Svdnev. 0 MESMERIST THOMAS KEN- NEDY is having a splendid time over West. At latest lie was at Kalgoorlie doing immense business, ever so many hundred ounces to the auditorium. Kanowna and Coolgardie equally well upheld their claims as gold towns, and panned out wonderfully. A WELL-KNOWN Collinsstreet dentist has sold out his practice and embarked in that uncertain ship, "The Drama." He is going in big for management, and promises big attractions. JOHNNIE COLEMAN finishes his engagement with Harry Rickards on '2!)th .luly. BUSINESS at the Royal during the week has been splendid. "The Idler 1 ' goes up next. MISS MYKA KEMBLE and her comedy company leave, on Saturday on a provincial tour with "l)r. Bill" and "The Alhambra Girl." Bendigo, Ballarat and Geelong are to be visited. The company has been busily rehearsing at the Hibernian Hall during the week. THE Juleenos, who have brought from London a musical novelty, arrived here by the Austral, and open, at the Opera House on Saturday week. Miss DORA MOSTYN is still over in N.Z, At latest she was co-operating in a series of concerts at Wanganui. Miss IVY SCOTT made her reappearance at the Opera House last Saturday. Miss Clara Llewellyn, a pleasing contralto vocalist, made at the same time her lUbvt. The last nights of the l'oluskis are announced by the management. ROBP. HARWOOD, the comedian the Firm have engaged for their new Opera Company, is very well known and very popular in London. He was for some time with Beerbohm Tree, and during the famous "Hamlet" season at the Haymarket, played every male character except that of the Dane. Mr. Harwood is original in his humour-making devices and • fe jn his effee. t8> and possesses a good but vaf, rather J„ peculiar R; singing nfn nf, voice. PHILIP NEWBT'UY advertises the first of the new series of "bob pops 1 ' for Saturday night. John Coleman shortly makes his appearance at these entertainments. Miss ELSIE LANDER opens her season at the Bijou on Saturday night, A good company, including several of the artists who appeared with the Myra Kemble Company, has been engaged to support the star. "Miss Chicago/' a farcical comedy, bv Archibald Clavering Guuter, the author of the popular "Potter of Texas " and "Barnes of New York," is the opening novelty. A DIVORCE suit which comes on shortly wul cause some sensation. Startling revelations and a funny contretemps are promised. A lady well known as a dancer, and a society man, arc two of the princ i P a actors ]n * the little comedy. HUGH J. EMMETT has been engaged by Hany Cogill, and makes his first appearance at the Gaiety on Saturday. "MADAME AVIOT" went up at thcCambridg last Saturday. Miss Miriam Lewis made her reappearance, and lifted up once again her pretty voice asClairette; and J. K. Shepherd took up oiwe more the character of Ange l'itou, for which he is well adapted. A aioui.V company of ibealric.il aitisls put in an appearance at the racesJasl Sal urdav at'tci noon. The variety, (lie legitimate and tin- musical divisions of the profession ucre well repi escnted, ami formed subjects of great interest io the public at Iai"'e. MR. CHARLES THURSBY, Phttorj.<:y,A s h y AlJrcA The Merkel Sisters at the London Alhamhra. \- I'roM Tl.r fikttdi. ISS FLORENCE Photo, hy Nana LLOYD (1) as the YOUNG WIFE, and <2) as the 'THE J.P," at the Strand Theatre, London. —From Hi 