TERRIBLE BURNING ACCIDENT. A SYDNEY-MAN FALLS ON A HOT STEAM-PIPE IN A BATH. HIS FLESH ADHERED TO THE PIPE LIKE A STEAK TOT A FBYINGPAN. AN AWFUL SIGHT. While in a bath in Pitt-Btreet, a Mr. JBTVIB bad (he misfortune to alip and fall on the hot wster-pipes. and before he oould be reBeaed he was scalded and burnt in a terrible nay. The shook of tbe burning and the fall proved to be very disastrous for Ur. Jarvis, and foranumber of years after he WSB a oonflrmed invalid, suf fering terribly from looomotor alalia and other forma of paralysis. A few months ago, how ever, reports began to be oiroulated in the neigh borhood that Ur. Jarvis was getting round again, and that he bad a most marvellouB reoovery from this apparently inaurable malady. It was on aeoount of these rumors that a speoial reporter from the Sydney " Worker" was depatohed to get all information regarding same, and one afternoon he made his way to his house, 46 Crown-lane, Ultimo. Ur. Thos. Jarvis was discovered nursing a two-year-old baby, and bis taee deolared him one of tbe happiest men in Sydney. He was about, and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still a tew marks of a critical illness and a period of pain, it WBB very olear that he was an invalid no more, In reply to tbe preliminary questions he said" Yon want to know all about my ease ? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts ma^ be pf value to those who are stricken as I was." " How long were you goffering t" " Well, twelve months ago I got eo bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done noth ing ainoe then. About five years ago next Christmas I met with an accident; I was badly aoalded while taking a bath in Pitt-stratt, Sydney. Since tbe accident I have been in tailing health, and after four yean of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give np my billet at the Glebe Island."' " Wbat were the symptoms ?" " Simply indescribable. The pains were some thing terrible. They were just about as bad a« I could bear. They were lor all the world like as it a saw wen catting my bines in two in every part of me. I bad no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to my self and everyone else. I was inoeaaantly shivering and shaking, and oould neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well known doctor, and he told me that my ease was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Direator of Charitable Instutions." " Did yon make use o! the order ?" "Mo; I oame home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever sinoe. Five weeks ago I ooaldnot walk across the floor; in fact, I could not get oat of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a ques tion of days when I would give np the ghost. My doator was attending me, and did all he conld, by opium and morphia pills, to ease tbe agony I was in; I was under him.Jor Ave or six weeks. He oame to the oonslnsion that I was suffering from looomotor ataxia, or pro gressive locomotor ataxy, adissase of the spinal chord, characterised by peoaliar disturbances ofgaiMnd difficulty in co- ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the jiatient kioked his legs about with enemy to show that medlaaVopinion is not in-fallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by tbe advertiBment de scribing the core effeoted in the CSM of another boiler-maker in England, wbiob I read in tbe " Australian Workman" by Dr. Williams Pink Pills tor Pale People. I read in the advertise ment of a oase which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the pills a trial anyway, and sent tor a box. The effeot was as mar vellous as it was magical. I was abls to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left tbe bed and was able to move about Ton see those cratches there? They' are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made lor me before I sot Dr. Williams' Pink Pills; but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them," '. He is 100 per oent. better," said Mrs. Jarvis, who had oome in and taken tbe baby on her knees. "The Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People have saved hie life, and made another man of him." A frieod wbo oalled in at this point said that Jarvis looked ten yean younger that day than he did a fortnight previous. "I ean now," oontinnsd Jarvis, "have a oold bath, and all tbe feeling has corns back into my legs. I ascribe all the ohange and benefit to Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. They have saved my life. l am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a bor of opium and morphia pills which tbe dootor gave me to deaden tbe excruciating pain. But they ean stay where they are, tor I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the onange in me. They can hardly believe tbeir eyes. Uy feeing about again has oaused quite a sensation ont bare." Such is this remarkable history, and it con firms what is said in all the ohief newspapers of this cnuntry of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure looomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the] blood, suoh as annmia, pale and sallow com filexion, general museular weakness, indigestion, oss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in tbe baok, nervous headache, eto. lb. J. 8. T. U'Qowen, leader of the Labor Party ih the N.S.W. Legislative Assembly, was seen by oar reporter in oonneotion with the re markable case of Thomas Jarvis. Mr. U'Oowan says he has known Jarvis from infancy. He also knew that he had to give np his work at Qlebe Island abattoirs twelve months ago owing to a malady whioh he developed. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was bed- ridden, and that theie was little chance of hiB reoovery. He understood Jarvis was refused admission to Sydney Hospital, as his oase had bsen pronounoed inonrable. Ur. U'Qowen was, therefore, like everyone else who knew the tacts, astounded at the complete reoovery of Jarvis. These wonderful pills are obtainable from leading chemists, or from the Dr. Williams' Uedioine Co., Darragh's Buildings, Queen-street, Brisbane, who will forward, post paid, on re ceipt of stamps or post order, one box tor 2s 9d, or half a. dozen for 16s 8d. Bee that the genuine Dr. Williams' ars gotten; 