THE SOLOMON ISLADS. ? — -. ? — ♦ ? : ? , SAVAGERY AND CANNIBAL ISM ON Til E DECREASE. A EITAL OF THE SULTAN. (By Jas. T. O'Malley.} TSee illustrations on this page.* JjSusgjjjjjgii^S? HE extraordinary inter v^S83»gBB»i!jpii^\ est Y/hich is manifested fflS^ tralia in anything ap tisW pertaining to the islands J^S of the South and West A Jm em Pacific, especially & yfflD those situated in the /^J^HIsl latter sphere, about /-S IB&iL; which the most strange /Jr [HI and contradictory re £^ 1611 ports have been publish t'l ed and believed, has acted as an inducement for me to produce this article from notes taken by me last November ?when making a trip through the northern islands of the Solomon Group; my only regret being that it supplies too meagre an account of such an in teresting people as inhabit these islands, of whom so much has been -written, but of whom in reality so little is known. Very few white men ever visit these islands, and those who do visit them occasionally are tra ders, who are more Interested in the pursuit of their business than in a study of the people; con sequently the civilised world gets very little re liable information. No missionaries have yet established themselves there on account of the supposed ferocity and hatred of the natives to wards the white man. I use the word 'sup- posed' because I find that these people are not as ferocious as ? they are represented to be, and are extremely friendly to the white man. This state of things I attribute to the labor trade, inas much as the members of each^tribe willingly con tribute several of their number to work on the plantations, and thus are brought in contact with each other daily, the consequence being that friendly relations spring up between these boys, and when they are returned civilised to their homes keep up the intimacy by visiting one ano ther, and thus the various tribes are brought to gether. It is a noticeable fact that to this in timacy brought about on the plantations and kept up on their return may be attributed the decrease of warfare between the tribes. Of course, in several instances the intimacy has not always the desired effect; but I can safely assert that in the majority of cases it has so. I am given to un derstand that the Roman Catholic missioners, un der Bishop Broyer, S.M., of Samoa, are about to start missionary 'work in these islands, and, al though their labors will be unusually hard, owing to the fact that these people have no knowledge of a. Supreme Being, yet I do not think their lives will be so much endangered as is generally sup posed. However, I am sure their movements as pioneer settlers in these islands will be -watched ?with interest by thousands. I might here add in support of my contention regarding the good effects of the labor trade that on one plantation alone in New Britain during the last sixteen years 2000 natives of Bougainville, Bouka, and the other islands to the north have been brought into close and friendly relationship. The plantation I refer to is Ralum plantation, situated at Blanche Bay, and during my trip I met many natives who had returned from this plantation and spoke with feel ing of their pleasant sojGurn there. The principal islands north of the group are Bougainville, Bouka, Torozian, Toiech, Jlatzun gan, Petatz, Pcroran, Heatau, Matehes, and Sa poea. Bougainville, the largest of the number, is very mountainous, a range of mouutains extending the whole length of the island, about 110 miles, with several peaks rising above 5100ft. Mount Balbi is an active volcano, and the highest mountain of the island, and rises to an elevation of 9201ft, the second highest rising to 6870ft. There are also several extinct volcanoes. Passing along the shores of Bougainville one is struck with admira tion at the magnificent display of scenery. The luxuriantly covered mountains, with their pano rama of color, rising .up their gaint heads until lost in the snow-like clouds which hang about them like a brooding evil, are the most pictu resque of any that can possibly be seen in any part of the world; the valley beneath being verit able fairy bowers, fringed and carpeted with tropi cal vegetation of every description and hue. Nest ling amongst the forests on the sides of the moun tains can be seen the houses of the dusky inhabi tants, whilst others were perched high up on acclivities almost inaccessible, being built thus for security against enemies, much on the same principle as many of the old castles in Palestine. Of Bougainville and its people very little is known, only two white men ever having penetrated more than three miles inland. The first to go into the interior being Mr. Benjamin Boyd, and who was never seen afterwards, and from information , ga thered from the beach tribes it may safely be be lieved that he fell a victim to the uloodthirstiness of a bush tribe. The second to invade this dan gerous region was Mr. Richard Parkinson, of New Britain, who penetrated, in 18S5, as far as 10 miles inland without meeting with any molestation from the natives, and, contrary to expectations, found them very friendly. Since then Mr. Par kinson, who by the way is the author of several works in German relating to the islands of the Western Pacific, for which he has been three times presented with medals by German Royalty, [has made several trips to the inland of Bougain ville, and has always been friendly received. It has been contended by many writers that there existed in the inland of Bougainville tribes of head hunters; that is, of natives who organise expedi tions for the sake of collecting heads alone. I have paid most particular attention to this as serted fact, but from most exhaustive inquiries from the shore natives I have been unable to elicit any confirmation of this state ment. I have also seen Mr. Parkinson with regard to this matter, and he states that such tribes do not exist in Bougainville. It is customary In North. Bougainville amongst the many tribes to collect the lower jaws of their enemies, whom they have killed in battle end eaten afterwards, and hang them in front of tbeir houses, together with the jaws of pigs, etc. Possibly this custom has given rise to the supposition. that they are bona fide head-hunters. It is an admitted fact that the natives of Nona Bougainville are cannibals, and eat the bodies of their slain enemies, but it is not generally known that to the south of Bougainville the natives are not cannibals, and atohor the eat ing of human flesh. The natives of this island suffer severely from skin dissases, and fever and ague is also- prevalent on account of the bad cli mate and the almost incessant rain. There are ] several medium-sized rivers in Bougainville. To the north of Bougainville, and about three miles from the mainland, is situated a small island, known as Phcnl Maud. This island, { which is covered with a most luxuriant growth j of tropical vegetation, is the summer resort of some of the bush tribes of Bougainville, whence i they make hostile invasions on their bitter enemies, who inhabit the islands of Matffaas, Sopoes., Toiocn, ,- and Matzungan. In 1895 they invaded the island I ol Matzungan with a large force, and succeeded in i surprising the local warriors, who, otter a most I NORTH BOUGAINVILLE COAST WITH TRADER SCHOONER 'THREE CHEERS.' bloody fight, were completely routed, and had to floe, leaving behind them numbers ol wounded and dead, amongst the latter baing the second chief. The victors carried eway the slain and. living as booty, and sold many of the bodies to the bush tribes, reserving sufficient, however, to enable them to celebrate the victory witii a big feaet. In April of lost year the Matzunganites returned the attack, with a well-organised body of warriors, but their enemies got wind of the movement before they could affect a landing, and, taking to their canoes, reached the mainland of Bougainville, and retreated inland, where the attacking party were afraid to follow However, they did not return without ma terial for a feast, having succeeded in killing seven of the enemy. Some years ago the island cf Matihes was thickly populated, but owing to the persistent attacks from P.h-onl Island the population sensibly decreased, and a few years ago the remain ing natives removed to the Island cf Tainu. To the north of Bougainville we passed in be tween two beautiful email islands, named respective ly Torozain and Toieoh, and came to anchor off the former in a safe little harbor. Scarcely had the anchor been dropped that we wera surrounded by fully 100 canoes, filled with painted savages, ab soiutely naked, and many of them carrying bows and arrows or spsars. They appeared very friendly, and Captain Dollinger gave them per mission to come on board the schooner, of which privilege they quickly availed themselves They are, like the Bougainville natives, of a. medium height, nearly black,, with the hair standing erect, and in a great many instances colored a bright red,. Their faces were streaked with red paint, some having a circle of paint around the mouth and eyes, and with the whole of the ears decora ted on the same gorgeous principle. The chief . of the island, by name Tais, did not mix with the rabble in the rush for the schooner, but sat on the beach surrounded by his trusted followers, pre serving an independent and dignified bearing. Late in the evening his canoe came alongside, he still preserving a dignified silence, not even deigning a recognition of our salute. His re serve melted away, however, with surprising ra pidity when the captain presented him with seve ral pieces of tobacco, biscuits, and some arm rings, and he then condescended to come on board. He was accompanied by an interpreter, who had at some previous time worked on a plantation and spoke broken English. It was remarkable, how ever, with what fluency he could swear, he being sufficiently proficient in the art as to make an Australian bullock driver take second place. He explained to us, with a most unnecessary addition of fiery adjectives, that his chief wished to make us a present of a turtle back and a spear, which was most elaborately designed. The present was accepted, and the interpreter then requested that his chief should get some more tobacco, which re quest was instantly complied with, much to the chief's gratification and the evident envy of his numerous tribe. However, the whole tribe was treated to a liberal supply of the weed, and con tent reigned once more. The chief is a man about 45 years of age, 5ft 4in in height, a well- built frame, but with a stoop on bis. shoulders peculiar to every member- «f the tribe. He has sharp, dig nified features, ? afhigh intellectual torches-', and small piercing Ajlack eyes, .from which beamed depths of cunnings ess. The captain spoke to the chief concerning'ihe ? murder of a Chinaman trader some time previously on this island, but the old reprobate, who;i£ost undoubtedly knew all about the matter, if ife actually had not a hand in it, assumed a loolijx)f injured innocence and express ed his ignorancS of the perpetrators of the deed; but the next niiirute put himself completely in a fix by informing us that he had possession of the revolver which... the Chinaman nan at the time of the murder, ' and expressed Ids willingness to hand the weaiioa. over to us the next day. I might state herejthat he did bring the weapon on board next morning, but it was in such a dilapida ted and broken state that it was spoiled for fur ther use, which fact evidently accounted for his readiness to deliver it up to us. Further inquiry elicited the fact from the chief that they had not eaten the Chinaman's body, but had buried it. This statement, however, had to be taken cum grano salis, as this tribe are, from their own ad missions, most undoubtedly cannibals. As I have before stated, ail .members of the tribe go about in a perfectly nude state, not a vestige of clothing to be seen on them, and to enable them to carry pipes and tobacco the lobe of the ear is pierced and drawn to an abnormally large size, so as to enable these articles to be placed in the hole and thus carried about. They also ornament them selves by placing feathers, flowers, or ferns in their hair, by inserting pieces of bone through the nostrils, and by tattooing, many of them having the whole body covered with myriads of designs. A few of them sport beads and arm rings, probably obtained from some trader in exchange for tor toiseshell. The teeth present a horrible appear ance, caused from a constant chewing of betel nut, which, although it disfigures the teeth, at the same time preserves them. The most objec tionable thing about these natives Is that the ma jority of them suffer from a disagreeable skin disease, the cause of which they attribute to tho ravages of a worm from the palm trees. I do not know in. reality if this is the . cause of the disease, as many of the old ' hands in the Western Pacific scout the idea as being absurd. It occurred to me when at this island that it would be an extremely easy matter for the Bougainville natives to swoop down upon the inhabitants, who number about 300, and with one big stroke wipe them out of existence. On putting this question to Tais, through the interpreter, he informed me that the Bougainville natives at that particular part had no canoes, and when they attempted to build any his warriors always fell upon them and destroyed them, and thus by a little foresight saved themselves from a continual warfare which mould in all probabili ty end disastrously for them. The only fear of attack they iaad was from Phonl Island. Fruit is not plentiful on this island, and what fruit there is grows in very email quantities, such as '? cceoanuts and a very poor species of banana. ' They have a number cf pigs, which they run on ' a small island adjoining their own, and on cer- \ tain days tiae wiiole of the male portion of the j tribe a-djoum to this island and hunt the pigs. | The birds consist of numerous email green par- j role, cockatoos, and pigeons. Tie only vegetable | diei they cultivate is taro, on which, together with j fisa, pork, and ciieoanute, they principally live. ] They cultivate their own tobacco, but at the j same time are meet anxious tG get the white i man's tobacco. Every man, woman, and child j is an inveterate smoker, even to Che youngest j piccaninny, and it is a well-known fact that the - si-ek-in-g childr-en are introduced to the use cf j the pipe. I anyBeK have seen, children 2 and 3 j years cf age smoking their pipes, the bowls of i wJiici are weM-nigh. as large as the smokers' heads. The pipes they use are of -clay, and are nianufactured by the buish tribes of Bougainville, and are exceptionally well-moulded and baked, and of immense proportions, and in many in stances have two .bowls -to the one 6tem. Their weapons are chieSy comprised of bows and arrows and spears, while for use in killing captives they have - clubs, grotesquely carved. A club belonging to Tais, end which is many hun dred years ot age, having been handed down to him from his antecedents, is now in the posses sion of Mr. Richard Parkinson, of New Britain, their forefathers did. What class of work arid of much value. The coast natives of tihe pre sent day do not possess the ability for carving as their forefathers did. What class of work the interior tribes of Bougainville execute may be ascertained by occasional spears made by them, and which find their way into the hande of the coast tribes through the process of trade, and which are most distinctly works' of artistic value, although not on a. par with many of the old time spears. The spear presented to us by Tais was ?the product of a member of a Bougainville bush tribe, and would readily bring a price of £5 in any civilised country. The arrows are also profusely decorated with designs, and are in many instances pointed with pieces of bone worn down to the tliekness of a needle, the object being that when the arrow enters the 'body the bone breaks off and remains in Uie flesh, and unless this bone is quick ly removed the victim will most undoubtedly suc cumb to the injury. When using bows and arrows they always protect the arm from the rebound of the string of the bow 'by wearing a guard on the arm, which is composed of bark, in one piece, and wound round the arm in circles from the wrist to the elbow. Leaving Torochan, we pass by the Island of Toioch, which has become the property of a New Britain firm of planters, and renamed Kaiser Island. TJiis island, although of large pro portions, is not populated to any great extent, the natives resembling in every detail these of Torozian. Along the northern coast of Bouka we visited tie Islands of Petatz, Pororan, and Heatau. The inhabitants of the two former islands are al ways fighting between themselves, the consequence ibeing that their numbers are being materially de creased each year. As we came alongside Petatz the usual crowd of canoes came off to us to barter, and I was greatly amused at one ugly old fellow with the dirt and filth of three-score years on hiai who came off in a canoe by him self, and wished to exchange a bar of soap for seme tobacco. How ihe became possessed of a bar o.f soap Us a mystery bo me, -nnlggk it was given him by some trader as an Inducement to get all the filth from ibis body. We explained the use of the soap to the old fellow, who appeared rather surprised, aid was seen shortly afterwards pad dling away towards the shore, presumably to try its effect upon -himself. Petatz is .renowned for the quantity, of women it produces, and it acts as- a supply, depot for the surrounding islands, the price of each woman being seven arrows, or four bows, or two spears, or one axe, or five tortoise teeth, or beads. Polygamy, which is practised on all the islands, is practised to an enormous extent on this island. Heatau, a small island, is ruled by a savage who revels ; in the name of German. He is about oft 4in in height, very thin, and dull vizaged, proud of his meagre knowledge of the English language, and can gossip with aa much vigor as the females who swop gossip over the backyard fence, with their towsle-headed neigh bore in civilised Sydney. He is the proud pceees sor of two wives, evidently considering two a sufficient quantity to manage, and, judging -from ?his appearance, one would be led to- believe that he had two too many. He is also a recognised cannibal. Bouka, which comes next in size to Bougain ville, is thirty-five miles in length and about ten miles broad in places. It has a belt of moun tains rising in some places to a. height of from j 1050ft to 1200ft. It is separated from Bougaiii- I ville by the Bouka Strait, and the first white man i who ventured through this strait was Mr. Par- ? kinson, who successfully negotiated it in a row- i ing boat in 1884. The tribes on each side of the ; strait are in constant warfore with one another. '? The Bouka natives are fine specimens of men, and . in proportion of size resemble the Fijians. They are quite black, but have very intelligent : features, the women especially being- very attrac- . tive as regards' looks and figure. With tnt -»xcep- ; tion of those wb.o have served on plantations, j they are uncivilised, and like their neighbors of : North Bougainviiie. are cannibals. They are much j sought after fcy planters for working the plan- j tations of New Britain, New Guinea, and Samoa, j and always turn out good and intelligent work- ' ers. Tbey also, lite their neighbors, paint their j faces, and are tatooed. A remarkable thing j about the natives of Bougainville and Bouka. . is the malformation of the feet; and I can j safely say that out of every twenty natives, j twelve will be found to have deformed feet, the j toes being either bent down, under the foot or i back on to the instep on top of the foot. Some have only a few toes, others none at all; some minus half a foot, and others minus a foot alto gether, and so on. The inhabitants of Bouka, l^Trii i*ll^VB0 rfvf nnilitraintrilla *av»^« CTilit- n-n infrt -nil. merous tribes, each tribe being ruled by a chief, and many of them waging war on each other. To Bouka belongs the reputation of having the greatest man- eater in the Solomon Islands in the person of a ferocious old chief by the name of Sikan. I had tae pleasure, if such can be called a pleasure, of seeing this remarkable savage, and having an interview with him. He ie the chief of the Lundis tribe, to the north of Bouka, and presents a very striking appearance, being tall, very thin, but exceedingly strong, and of im mense muscular developments. He is as much. advanced in years as he is in iniquity, being about 60 years of age. his hair being quite grey, which gives him a remarkable appearance. He is highly intellectual, and has a smattering of the English language.- He is a most despotic tyrant, and an object of dread to the tribes for many miies from, bis citadel, and to whom it is only necessary to mention his name to make them, tremble. Strange to say, he is, however, ex ceedingly partial to the white traders who visit him, and has on many occasions done them great services. He practises polygamy to a large ex tent, and at the time of my visit had fifty wives. He is not over scrupulous as to how he gains pos session of his women, and in many cases ttiey are stolen property, he having robbed . some neigh boring tribe of them. A short distance ft tub his residence is his feast house, and suspende d from, a pole in front of, this houee are the trop hies of his cannabalistic ventures in the shape of s sventy five skulls of human beings, all of whonx a: re said to have -been killed by his own hand, anc*. sup plied himself and hie harem with dainty food. He is hated by every member of bis trilxs, -bu^ at the same time is feared by them: On ppcydng a second visit 'we found on our. arrival ? it his stronghold ? that, the greatest excitement J pre vailed, and on. inquiry found that' the tyrant had at last exceeded the endurance of; his warrio: te by poisoning in a secret manner the second ichdef Koko. His tribe at once rebelled against \ this outrage/ and under the leadership of a returned plantation boy named Kussia marched agitinst Sikan,- who, deserted by almost the -whole of \ his tribe had to fly for his life, and took reiVuge with a neighboring chief, accompanied by eifeht men and three /women. Kussia was at once elected chief, and bis first act was to distrib ttte i tb» srirM ?£ lits vaaqutthod chief 1 amongst his followers; - which' act in itself raised him 50 per cent, in the estimation of the tribe. The chief with whom'Sikan has taken refuge is known as Tais, and lords it over the Hanaiian tribe. I ihad not the . privilege of seeing Tais, but ?would have much liked to have made his acquain tance, as he. is a most worthy rival of the Sultan as a polygamist, being the proufi possessor of 200 wives. It may have been Sikan's love for the fair sex, and his knowledge:of the extensive harem of Tais, which induced him to place himself under the protection of the latter; it could not have been his friendliness to Tais, which induc ed Mm to take this move, as tiiey were, previously bitter enemies, and many of the skulls suspended before the feast house of Sikan at one time were the headpieces of members of the Hanahan tribe. The sorcerers of the tribe' predict that there will be a great feast shortly in Hanahan, and that the body of Sikan will be the -principal item on the menu card. Far more is known of Bouka than of Bougain ville, and the interior has been explored by seve ral, white men, and in 1S88 Mr. Richard Parkinson made a tour right across the island from West Cape to Hanahan, a distance of about ten miles, and from thence back' again, but to a point ten miles lower down, the whole distance covered being about twenty miles. The track traversed by him is now marked on the German official map of Bouka. The customs and usages of the people are simi lar to those of the Bougainville and-- Torozian in habitants, and with regard to the women of the islands, they occupy much the same position as slaves. They are bought and sold, and made to do all the laborious work, while their lords and masters lie on the sand basking in the sun or cruising about in their canoes. Truly the life of the weaker sex is not a happy, one in the Solomon Islands. With, the Solomon Island savages re venge is a virtue. They are taught from infancy upwards to believe it a duty never to ailow an in jury to pass unrevenged; and nothing can guard' one against their resentments, where they have the power. If a white man injures tnem, then a. white man or several of them must suffer, and they care not whether they wreak their vengeance , on the right one or not. . They have no belief in a Supreme Being, as far as I could ascertain, al though they have strong belief in a bad spirit and A -GROUP OF WOMEN OF THE ISLAND OF TOROCHAN/ in the ghosts of their dead companions, and which they dread very much. . The Solomon Islands have been so little explor ed that it is not generally known' that minerals ! exist on them, but whether in payable -quantities J has not- yet been ascertained. In the island of Bougainville eilver, tin, and copper have' been ! found, and from my observations of the country I think that it is gold-bearing also. A'party ol Americans are at present prospecting . in the southern Solomon Islands, but I do not know, if { they have very much practical knowledge of min ing, and I think it would be well worth the ven- * ture of a good party of sturdy practical miners j! from Australia to try their luck at the Solomons, 1 instead of rushing off to that fever-stricken coun- j try, New Guinea. I am also confident that it | would pay capitalists better to prospect the Solo mon .islands than to squander their, money away in the Westralian wild cats. . The advantages of j mining in the Solomons, compared to New Guinea, i are many. In the first place the climate,' al- ' I though bad, is not nearly so excessive as that of I New Guinea, and fever can be evaded by thtrexer- j cise of care in avoiding getting- wet, sleepias. on the ground, and eating unwholesome food. In' case of fever the use cf quinine is invaluable. Secondly, carriers can be easily obtained- i& any quantities. Thirdly ..arrangements could be made with Burns, Philp, and Company, of Sydney, for carriage of provisions, as they already run a' line of steamers to the Solomon Islands. Fourthly the natives are not as ferocious as those of New Guinea, and so long as the white men leavethem alone,-and refrain from abusing them or interfer ing with their women, then so long are the white men safe from attack, but should -any white man offend in any of these particulars then his life and the' lives of his party are; in, imminent danger. Sitting by our firesides in Australia we read. of an occasional massacre of white men in these inlands, and then the cry for vengeance is raised by the public and by the press, the consequence being that a warship is dispatched to the scene cf the massacre, and justice dealt out by shelling t'aeir villages and in some cases killing many.' But the question is: -Has justice been done? . I venture to say that in many cases, if an inquiry was held.it would be found that a gross injustice had . been perpetrated, and that the white man or men who were being revenged had forfeited .their lives de servedly. Why should a white man have the right to enter the homes of these people and ravish and ill-treat without hindrance their wives and daughters? Is not the native justified in killing these men ? Would they not forfeit their lives for similar offences in civilised countries? There is honor amongst the savages, as well as amongst the white civilised people, and because these people vindicate their honor, they are shell ed by warships. 'Fiat justitia ruat coelum.' In my reference to Bougainville I mentioned that Mr. B. Boyd lost his life in the interior of Bou ganville. I now find that such was not the case, as it was in Malayta that he was killed. . New Britain, Feb. 10, 1898. ? 