'scMe ancient ffisf0M.;:: tliy 'THE OWL..') Rr-1 ' r . HAVE never ^lWTya p°sed ln thcB0 lwl ft columns as an % Ijfii hint, or Ian, but \- |. if I cousldcr that \ K the time Ih how |/ ;'i npo tor uru m vsu 1 : ffl it. My namo ta 'I k rot set down on ih the Hut of Auatra ,); ji Han historical M, writers by tho XLtl*.S2. critics. Probably f, \\\ , ° I am not dlsropu I # t:iblo onough. I ' \\\s? cannot, play with *-^jy the truth in a cul tured utvlo. but I ',cught to make as. correct and reliable an : historian an somovother people who havo tried their hnntjrr at it. This country wants a history badly — a real genuine his tory, with battles and murdered kings and rl'ttlo- princes smothered by their wicked ; uncles, and revolutions', mid Spanish Ar . tiiiadus on every second page. Wo can get ?these things' by waiting and working hard . for them, but we want them now. Wo have no caution In thin country, no deep moutod fortresses with Ivied walls and baronial ghosts to boast of. Tho only ghotita here of nny account aro Flshcr'n 'Ghost and the ghost thut didn't walk. Tkore is nothing nobleor historical about Fisher's ' Ghost. Ho Is just au ordinary kind, of plobeian tipook with new blood-stains on hla Bhrouri, a vulgafc' modern' spook, thai ?has never even supplied Inspiration to nn Australian bard, and God knows tho most of them need Inspiration almost as badly , as they want beer. In all this continent wo havo not got a ghost of title, uot ono walking spirit of a diiehftsa or a countess to throw a grisly Klanior of antiquity over boiiio ancestral pile, yet there are people In the country, rich people, who would glvo almost nny \- thing to -have, ft noblo ghost on their prc nilses. They would put up with., tho In convenience for the sake of tho effect. This' la--k of ghosts,., baronial 'ghosts, Is being ' badly fell by our youhii' nobility. If high class ghosts could be Imported them would havo been an Import trado in historical ?wplrMs ononcd up long ago. Still, If an Australian family has no ancestral gho3ta In the Blue Room or the Hod Koom of ita ^ holding, it frequently has a akeloton In .... .the cupboard. llut when Uio cupboard is 1 .opened and the skeleton hop;i out, none of ?Its ??relatives or frJendw fool proud':' Tho \- ?? women gnronil their petticoats anil tho men the tails, of their coats, and thoy shoo :the old skeleton back again an quickly as ?poBHlble. It It; different 'with the baronial ghost. But out hero our ghosts mostly appear to a horrid accompaniment of log-Irons, and some of them will conio up lllco drowned dogs, with blta of rope around their necks, and nobody ' , feels at nil honored by their pre nonee, and wouldn't be .seen ln their com pany at a cock-fight baolc of Mount Itennlo, and tho people to whom thoy bolong aro heartily unhamed of them. This just showu how hard It Is to write Australian history. History In the main concorns ghosts and ; (lend people and dead things, and when u history-maker hasn't any good nnd rele vant material for hits work ho cannot bo oxpeetod to do much ?ill-round and con vontlouiil lying. Despite these drawbacks and others I 'shall endeavor from time, to time to give a brief outline ln these columns of. 'Our History.' To begin:— Auntrulln Is the oldest country in the world. This Is fiijolbKlcally speaking. Mount Kosclusko Jm tho oldeBt mountain on the planet's surfaco, and once tho highest, but the storms of agoB havo usod It up considerable. II, liafl, ono might Buy, ? ?been, worn to Wraggen in tho conflict of 'centuries? A photograph- of Koselusko In'/ the Moho-zoIc period would be Interesting, ? but hone have bedn. preserved. I havo no - doubt that the amateur .photographers of the time secured many fearful and won derful negatives of tho old mountain, but at tho beginning of tho prosont geological period till the amatoiir piiotographors wore 'killed off by un earthquake lOarthqunkcu nre not as frequent as rormerly. It would bo a good thing if tho Government set apart n day of humiliation and prayer for nn earthquake ?','?'' Although Australians tho oldest country lu tho world 1 In nettlcmont in comparatively rocont. Tho Cliincno knew of tho oxls tonco of a southern continent for many hundreds cf years boforo Captain Cook, but It Icoliod a poor plaeo /or tho fan-tan hllnlnosB, tio they let Jtslldo until the tide of ISuroptun. emigration not this way and thlnga looked up. ''.Tho. Dutch discovered Auutralla, bo did tho Spanish and tho French, but none of thorn were courageous cr.ough to Bottle hero, They did not feoi able to boar tho Beautiful 'Arbor ? llondj ' thoy would ruthcr lot n magnificent coun try go llii)h encourago him: '? Chrlstophor Columbus could havo dis covered Australia if ho wanted to, but ho proforrcd to save history 'tho Hunylp Liar. Ho wan a humane man, Columbus. Noah was tho original clliicovorer of thl.s country. Ho came here hi tho wot Roason. * Ho Balled round Bln.ckwn.ttlp Swamp mil went homo again and Bot drunk. Ho struck Olrcular/'Qunyat'.low tldo, too. Tho crow,- that lib let loonc out of his lugger Binoltj hla way back nnd'ljtnyod. -.TJtrnt crow ?rt'ol;oncd this country' would acroo with hla .ioiiBtltutlon, bo_ ho utoyod. ' '; Th«r unoriginal., natlveii of thin .country nro uniloratoo'd to^.havo come hero from India, Tho' nutliorltl^ii doii't say whotlidr ?' ihoy'cnmo by tUo Qr)ont or P, nnfl Ck Hno,.-,: or \vliothar thoy travellod nalogn or . utoerngo. Tho ohanaon nro thoy camo' tii\ lo(-n, so thoy could' unrtrcBn. for dlnnor. Tho flrfit lnndoil proprlolorn did not mako any grmit. fortunnn out o(.roal entato. Thoy ovvnnd a t;re»t doal of valutiblo property at ono (iuic, but they Jinvopluyccl It all up. Vory fow of Uiot(loiicandnntn of our oltlont ftnd iiiorL hlffhly-colorod famlllwi aro worth a 'bean, ' 'Vhoy nhoulil bo rolling about lu ?Mi t-l i- oarrlagoO' and llvlni; at tho Auntrnlla Jl-Jotol, but they hadn't tho trim buolnonB liifitlnct: ih\\-lr DPHcn woro too (lal. ' ' ' Tho fli.'t. n'rilluli -Mpodltloii landed .for ', ;froi;li .yiwinl'IfH.ut /totjuiy. Jiay, .May ,3'.i, . i77fl. ACtor an oncountor with tho 'puah,' they set Ball again almost lmraedlatply. Sonio of tho bluo motat used In this mor monvblo conflict 1b Htlll preserved ln tho British Museum. ; Captain Cook did not personally recom mend the country to tho home authorities as a sphero for colonisation. He alniply sent In ft minuto urging tho advisability of further police protection, and ailded that Waterloo w«w a lively place on Saturday night. Ho .was nphored himself shoMly afterwards. He wan « oevero man, an any body can see by looking «t hla Rtatuo ln Hyde Park, where ho Is shown in tho act of putting hla foot down. Governor Phillip, tho next prominent figure in our history, can also bo soon in tho Botanical (iardonn, lifting hlH foot. How he could lift his foot In that attitude lu only, known to tho Almighty And ''tho * sculptor who did him, and the sculptor ha» probably forgotten by this llmo. A.glanco n't Phillip's bronzo statue will convinco nny utudent of local hlutory that ho was just the sort of eituff to make a good first Governor — hard as nails, you could strike matclica on his countenance. . Nobody met him with a braaB band and an Illumii'i'iUcd addrobs. Ke la tt o only notabld personage In all Australian hlotory bar Butler, who was. met in this way. Tho similarity between Butler and Philip ends hero. Butler wa3 hung. Oov. Phillip hung. Ho hung early and often. The precedent ho established hns hold good ' since. IIIb BUCCefiBoni bavo religiously follovrod It. Perhapn lu no country In the world bavo peoplo! wiinled hanging so much au in thin coun try. If Colonial Governments but hung tho right peoplo no ono would complain about this national peculiarity. ' I am a gentle, eliooVful cubb myaolf, and the sight of blood niakcB mo sick, but I would attend tho hanging of -? sonin pcrtple. with the,, pocket kodak,, and no would a lot of other gontle and cheerful rtmumi 4li»t I Irnnw Tf i}\n nnirnvuninnt rln- - dried to hang 'a tea canvasser, just one, ' just a little ono, mul charged tho public for ' admission, suy, a. guinea, a head, I bcUovo they would make onough monoy out. of tho entertainment to pay orf the National dobt, and leave a decent nurplus. (While I have bfen writing thla lour tea canvassers- hnvo ? called in different dingulsca, and ovorybody In out. and 1 am answering the door). To return to our history. When Qov. Phillip landed with his military retlnuo and the lorda and' Jadies who were to found our great houses, ho waa much takon by tho acenery. Ho pitched hio tent under tho spreading eucalyptua treo, and na thu tr'eo seemed too native and unadorned for his fancy, he hung a couple of Immigrants on It while tho gallows was building. Next morning Gov. Phillip buckled on his sword and put on hln now uniform, nud wont up town, and did the block for au hour or two for exorcise. There waa a bit of a rlao whero tho General Po3t-ofllc3 now standu, nnd the Governor mounted the rlso arid had a good look round. He said: 'It wnn n fine-looking country, a damned flno lcoklng country, a bit dry perhaps when tho heat wavo wan on, but ns nobody coiind noemed to suffer much for the want of water, ho thought thoy would got .on nil right. Water was not good to drink lu warm climatoB, anyhow.' Ho added: 'Uiat It ,was nn Ideal nlto for a publle houae.' A Junior oluoor thereupon ran up the flog, and tho nmrinco having pasted out a fow whisky advertisements whero tl'oy would bo likely to attract attention, Clov. Phillip adjourned to lunch. When tho party returned to camp thoy found that tho ofllccr ln chargo had been further improving tho ucenory by decorat ing more treea with Immigrants. Signs of elevating cIvlllBullon woro nlready ln evi dence. This lu Bomewbat paradoxical, Innfimiloli fici fhn wlfTIM wprft iMltfillV (tt'o- ? rated without evidence. ? Tho now settlement had not beon formod niuny' weoks when tho Governor sent out mi exploring party 'to annex anything ln reach. Tho expedition wua In chargo of Captain Tench, nndgot no far an tho No poon in a fortnight, n trlllo ovor tho tlmo It talccE Bomo of our fast truitiB to roach there. * Tho exploring party found the Nepean a fine river. It in not recorded whether thoy drank any of it, but they 'suffered many hardiihlpn and fioro privations.' Probably tMs waa one of them. Iflvon ul this dis tance of years wo can look aeroflB tho pant nnd sympathlao with Uioao hardy ox plorers. ...?-?? By the tlmo tho expedition hurt returned n permanent gallows had boon, oroctod. It was tho first nttomnt at architecture, , litrong nnd high, and calculated .to stand tho wenther. When Phillip died hn was burled, and bo camo rnnrn bonen. This wliorenbouta of hla .honored bones whoro not klwiwri until re cently, when thoy woro diacovcrod by tho clorgymon of tho church whoro tho bonoa nro at preaont lonatod, Tho gooi clergy t.'nn wrote to theMayor of Sydnoy last, year asking him to collect tho bonco, and offer Ing them ln roturn for n now church win dow, but tho Mayor, noting on thu advlco of 'Tho Arrow,' cnblcd back: — 'Don't want bonen.- No uao, except for agrlHultuj'al purposes. ' . . Tho clerlcnl prospector who hnd ntri'ick What ho cbn'nldored phynblo 'Miorio wan rather Indignant. Ho wired to tho '.'?Go- vernor about, it. But tho Governor, acting on 'Tho Arrow'a' advlco, also wired buck:— ? . ''Colony cannot 000 way clear to 'accept ing romnlnsi, Spvpro alump In none ihar kut at prosont, ,'1'ry China.' The- rtivoVolid 'OUcovorulr, an a lantv bo soj-t, cabled tho Proinlei' nuking him j to take W^llllp at a dlflRoiiiib. But tho ProIn^e)?, who ulwnyn follown 'Tho' Arrow's'' advlco, tolegrn.phid homo : 'Bonoii riot jjiart of flovornmont pro firammo. Sub If Barton wftl mako a pa H'lotlc (lent on lily own. Marlon In futidu owing to M'Slinrry caao.' 1 havo not heard whothor Mr. Barton linn ope'nod up uoKotlatlonn with tho proa piictor at Bath, but thoprobabllitleij iiro.that lie: In WiilliuK until ho boonuuii) Preiulcr. At iwiwnl iihowlnt! oM 1'hlllli) l« lllc«ly to rw.t In ni'lieo a whllo yol. The hUitoiy of rally ('olonlnl .dityn l.i ? very Interesting. Somo people assort that ? Ul' places hero and there it become;; Just a trlllo too thrilling, gets on tho nerves. These pcoplo Uo not understand It, do not regard It lii the right spirit. Altogether, only about 100,000 immi grants came to Australia for tho benefit of their own countries. It Is neither right nor just that wo should affect to scorn those patriots, some or whom were tho victims of circumstances and harsh kgls Intlon. Thoy helped to colonise and to clear and cultivate the land of their adop tion, and they shed blood, and 3weat, and rum in doing tho buuineaa. As I snld in tho beginning, tho ghosts thoy loft behind aro uhndy cuntomers, and so utterly dlsreputabl-a that their own descendants refuse to acknowledge them ; but they a-rc air the ghosts wo have, and wn must make the most of them. Personally, I -decline to have nnythliig to do with Fisher's Ghoet or the Shado of Margaret Catchpole. They should bo al lowed to rest In their honored gravo. Tt It an indecent thing to bo nlwaya hawking them up for newspapor exhibition; almost nil Indecent as exposing Johnson's report of tho Ullgh 'Rebellion' under a glass case in tho Art Gallery. ? j We have a lot of history to make, ,b\it wo need not bo in a hurry. There is plenty' of time to do it In. 'VVhon they come to tho end of Eternity and begin to take stock the historians arc hardly likely to bo stuck up for material. . There will bo plenty of ghoslo to pick from. As an Aus tralian historian. of to-day, I sort of envy those fellows'. I am always looking ahead, and spoculatlnc 'as to how things will turn out, and I \von.der. eomellmos if any of Grprgo Rold's groat grandsons will got Into th» Legislature, and If they will bo' fat. 