THE BETRAYAL OF JOffl FOBBHAI NOW FIRST PUBLISHW By B. Ij. FARJEON, .Author of "No. 119, Great Porter Square," "Grif," "The March of Fate," "For the " , Defence," "Aaron the Jew," &c.; " I- v &LI;, RIGHTS RESERVED. CHAPTER XXXIII.— (Continued.) The policeman took no notice of him, and Was soon out of riglit ', I kept in his track till he halted at the door of a publle-housc, aind fumbled In his pockets. Finding nothing there, he relapsed Into a state of maudlin de- spair. This was my opportunity, unu i advantage of it. Over a friendly. glass or two, he drinking my share and his own with cheerful alacrity, he ventilated his grie vances. 7 Annette' was his wife, so he declared; they Iiad lived together three years; she had wor shipped the ground he trod on, and his name had been painted over the shop window. And Dow, after he had ruined himself for her (he did not specify in what way) she turned up- on him, and cast him adrift. He would not stand- it— no, he was an Englishman, and ho would -not stand it. She was tired of him, was she? She had another lover, had she.' He would have his blood. And so on, and so on. ' The real fact was that there had been a trifling Informality in the marriage, the man I was pumping being married already when he went through the ceremony with Annette. It was true that his first wife died shortly after he married the second, but Annette had only lately discovered that her own mar- r.lage waa illegal, and being tired of the w18" oal was glad to be quit of him. She had been prudent enough to protect her savings; the business was hers, the stock was hers, and she had turned him out with/ never a penny in his pockets. . "Not a penny, not one single penny," ' he Whined. . „ _ . , I sympathised with him, of course, and I left him at his lodgings— a garret in the same street as the shop— with a promise to call up on him the next night, and see If anything coutd be done to soften Annette's heart. ' The Information I had extracted from hipi was not of much present use to me. but I saw the possibility of the acquaintanceship, being of service, and I was by no means dis satisfied with my day's work; but the day was not yet over. I have good reason to re-, member It, and so has every person associat ed with the mystery, so many strange things occurred— the strangest of all (which at first seemed to have not the slightest connection with the affair) leading to almost surprising and unexpected discovery. It was my Intention to pay Madame Lou- bert a visit, and I thought that evening would be the best time. I had business to transact at my office, for this Liverpool mur der, though It occupied so much of my time, was not the only thing I' had to attend to. go to my offloo I went and sgent <V w'J hour In straightening my affairs and giving instructions to m)T clerk. Then I sat down to catcli up arrears of correspondence, and by four o'clock I. had everything In order. I had put away my papers and stamped the law ot my letters when my clerk announced a lady — Mrs. Barlow, who was most anxious to see me. She was' shown in, an elderly lady, with a careworn face and ladylike. man ners. She had been recommended to me, as a likely person to discover her son, whopi she had not seen for five or "six years, "Nor heard, from, him?" I asked. "Not a line." sh(/ answered in a sad voice. , "Is he In England?" "I do not know." "Well, tell me all about It," I said, and bear In mind that your time and money will be thrown away if you keep anything In the background;" , ' I condense what she related. She -was a widow, with one.clltld, this.son, who had de serted her. He had always given her trouble. Not that he was bad at heart, but so easily led away, believing- in everybody, trusting everybody. .(Mfithor's' love, .here; I knew Its value in a practical sepse). Unfortunately, he had fallen Into!' bad company, and her be lief was that he -was ashamed to return to her. Years ago they had been fairly well off, but little by llftle he bad got from her all she was worth, ' and then lie left her, She managed - to rub ulong, however, being as sisted by Philip's uncle, her deceased hus band's brother. This uncle had lately died and left her a small legacy, wnlch she had received. A.'legacy Of three thousand-pounds wsb left to Philip; in. case of his death at the time of testator's decease the money, would go to a charitable institution. Philip hod -not presented himself to claim the legacy, and she was naturally anxious to discover him, so she had come' to' me to assist her, A simple story, before the end of (vhlch I had made up my mind about the muo. A thoroughly bad lot— an opinion I Kept to myself, however. I put a few questions to Mrs. Barlow. "Can you think of any reason why your son' should not come forward to claim'" this fortune?" . "No." She was afraid to express what must have been in her mind— that he was dead. "He fell into bad company, you say. What kind of bad company? I must, press for an answer." '' "Unfortunately, he was fond of- cards." "Blacklegs got hold of him, then?' She sighed. "Did he bet on horses?" "Yes,". "That explains a great deal. He went to races, and lost his money?" "jpve-yhwjy too)/ advorta-7e of him." "I see. Now, Mrs. Barlow, if I take this matter up 1 must have a free lmnd: Among other things I shall do I may have to adver tise. 11' you have any objection, you had best say so at once." "You may do anything you like — only dis cover my son for me." , "Very well. Have you a portrait of your son?" "Yes— a cabinet in. a frame. I did not bring it with me." ' "Send It Immediately to my private address. 'I should like' It soon)" "" T'You'-8haU.-have-.lt;to-ntght; I will bring It myself.!' , - . =.. , .1 gave her 'my private card, and ..took five pounds from her for preliminary expenses. 1 She waB about to leave, when she turned and said, "Perhaps I ought to tell you that, a friend .mentioned that he thought he. saw Philip." . "Certainly you ought to. tell me. The mis chief of these cases' is that there'. Is always something kept back. Where did he' see him?" ; " "" ; ' "In, Liverpool, but ho is not certain 'Is Was Philip." : , , : lvVery stupid of him, How long ago was "Over a year ago." « "Is that all?" "Yosp.that Ib all," sho said, and bade me good day. ... Before I left my office I wrote an advertise ment for the personal column of. the dally papers, to the effect . that if Philip -Barlow called upon or communicated with me, he would hear of something very much to hlB advantage. Instructing my clerk to insert the advertisement. In three of the principal newspapers, I went to my lodgings and'made a change In my appearance, which I deemed prudent, In vleVv of my visit to Mqdame Lou- That lady was not .in her shop when I en tered it. In response. to a rap on the coun ter she Issued from an Inner room, and asked what I required. There was a glass panel In the door of this room, across which a green curtain was drawn. I have a faculty of ob servation which enables me to see a great rlnnl nt o irlnnnn ' While I was making a few small purchases, I entered into conversation'1 with her. I said that I had been recommended to her shop, but had some difficulty In finding it. In con sequence of the name over the window being altered. She admitted the alteration, ' and said that the business would in future be con ducted under the new name. "Your own nume, I presume, madame?" .I , said. "My own name," she answered. "It makes no difference In what I sell." "None lit all," I said, briskly. "You were spoken of, I remember, as Madame An nette." ' "That, also, Is my name. May I ask, mon sieur, by whom you. were recommended?" I watched her face keenly as I replied, "Madame, or rather, Mrs. Fordham." As I uttered the name I observed a slight disturbance of the green curtain. "Pardon me, monsieur," she said, arid went Into the private, room, the door of which she carefully opened and shut.1 "Now," thought I "what Is the meaning of this, and will it make any difference in Madame Loubert'B behaviour?" It made a perceptible difference. Something had. pussed between her and the person In the Inner room which had put her on her guard, and she was watching me now as ' keenly as I was watching liet. "Madame Fordham," she rerfiarked, with assumed Indifference, continuing our conv'er- sutlon, "Who is Madame Fordham?" 1 J. Bupposea sne was a customer oi -yours, I answered. . - . "It mav be," Bhe said. "Oh, yes, it may be; but does one know all one's, customers?." >' "That would be difficult," I said, laughing, "with such u connection as you have,- -ma- dame." ' , "You are right, monsieur, it would be' diffi cult.' Do you require anything more?" "Nothing more, 'thank you, ;madame." She let an- arrow fly. ""I; will send the ar ticles home and the bill, Tf monsieur will kindly give me his address.", . . "Much obliged, madame," 'was my reply; "I will pay for them, and take them with me." ' : So the little passage-at-arms ended, .and I walked away just a trifle wiser than I come, for I had learned that Madame Boubert did not desire to talk about John Fordham's stepmother, and that there was some person behind the gj-een curtain who also had an In terest In thd matter. Had I deemed It safe I would have kept , watch for that person out side Madame Loubert's shop, but I felt that I was dealing with a woman as clever as myself, and-I recognised the necessity of cau tion. .It was annoying, but there was no help for It. The day had been one of the busiest In my recollection, and I was glad to sit down to a cup of tea in my own private apartment. During the' meal I was debating how the in cidents I have recorded could be turned to advantage, when the landlady came In and Informed me that a man was downstairs who insisted on seeing me. She did not like to let him up, she said, he was 3uch a common- looking man; besides, he was the worse for liquor. But he would not go away. "I did' all I could, sir," said my landlady, "but go he .wouldn't. 'Tell him It'B Jack,' he Ba,'Jack!" I cried, interrupting her. ' "Show him In at once, and don't let us be interruptr ed; I have business with him." Much astonished, she departed on her er rand, and the next minute Jack stood 'before mMy flr3t impression was that the landlady was right, and that Jack had been drinking. His face was as white as a sheet, his eyes glared, and his limbs shook -like a man In a "You're a pretty object," I said, sternly; but he did not seem to hear what I' said. "Guv'nor," he gasped, in a hoarse voice, "Is that tea? Will yer give me a. cup? My throat's on fire." "Well it might be," I answered, filling a cup, "but I should have thought brandy was more In your way. You'll come to a bad end, my lad." , . . . Still he did not seem to understand me, took the' cup with his shaking hands, holding It In both lest it should slip to the ground. As it was, he spilled half of it before it reached his mouth. I took the cup from him, and placing It on the table said— "Now, what Ib the meaning of this? How dare you come here In such a state?" "Give me time, guv'nor, give me time," he croaked. "I shall be better in a minute. Yer think I've been drinkin. Yer wos never more mistook. I 'ad a pint o' mild this -mornln', hut I 'ope I may drop down dead If another drop 'as passed my lips the 'ole of this bless ed day. I've 'ad a scare, guv'nor — I've 'ad a scare." He dropped his voice, and bending forward, said: "Did yer ever see a ghOBt?" "Not that I'm aware of, Jack. You look as if you'd seen one." "I 'ave, guv'nor." "Ah," said I, becoming interested, In spite of my suspicion that he was drunk, his man ner was so earnest, "whose ghost?" "The ghost of '1m as was murdered,'1 he answered. "The ghost of Louis Fordham,"- "You are dreaming. Jack," I said, staring at him. . , , "Not me. guv'nor. I m wide awake, I am. Oh!" he gave a sudden start, and turned his head over his shoulder, as though a- spirit was- standing behind him. "You Bee one now, perhaps." I said. "No, guv'nor, but I don't know as 'e mightn't appear In thls wery room. Is there sech things, or am I goln" mad?" (to be continued.) 