Tbe Allmial QnestloD. CASES ADJOURNED TILL FRIDAY. The posting of the cases agilnst Frost and party and U. Smith attracted a very large crowd to the Warden's Court yesterday morning, the public portion of the (court room, windows, doors, and every point of vantage being immediately Belied. A rumor was in circulation that the two men had expressed an intention of not appear ng, tbus necessitating an arrest, presumably on the lease, but thiB proved unfounded. Certainly the men did not appear, but on the cases being called application was made for an adjournment, on the grounds that the men bad expressed a wish that Mr Charles Mann, the well - known es-Coolgardie solicitor, should appear on their behalf. Mr Mann was at Kanowna and unable to reach the Kalgoorlie court in time, so an adjournment till Friday was asked. Mr Hare, appearing for the Ivanhoe Venture Syndicate, Bald he did not object to an adjournment," there were a lot more to come in on Friday, and they might as well be all taken together." The Warden then granted the adjournment till Friday and the crowd dispersed somewhat disappointed. Matters on the lease assumed their normal aspect yesterday, the men working with a will and an expressed determination to bottom and prove the show at all hazards. Hughes and Bray's shows are being vigorously worked, the latter being one of the deepest on the lease. Speaking to oue of the men yesterday it was stated that had the men not been harassed or their claims deemed by the company illegal, the lease would have been proved long ago as they would have amalgamated several of the clalmB and worked three shifts. As it was, they were determined to spread the responsibility and in view of the manager's tactics, assure at least one or two of the shafts bottoming. A curious incident occurred to one of the men working on the lease on the morning after the public demonstration. He says that on going down the shaft he saw something moving and would not have been surprised had he seen Wittenoom's ghost. He looked round the bottom cautiously, and to his astonishment found the moving object to be a cat which had presumably fallen down the shaft during the night. All the vacant space between the townsitc and the Venture lease haviug been take-i up, including municipal endowment blocks, streets, and residence areas, an application was made yesterday in the Kalgoorlie Warden's Court for a protection area situated about a telle south-east of tha Boulder Post Office, on the presumed line of deep lead. It will no; take long at this rate to prove the value of the deep channel which runs by the township down to the Hannan's Lake. Further summonses were issued yesterday, returnable on Friday, the latest move evidently being to endeavor to thin the ranks of the allurialities so much as to prevent their shafts proving the value of the lease. If such is openly asserted, it wilt raise a good deal of local support, which is at present keeping aloof, and with this and capable leaders that are sure to come to the front if tbe issue is protracted, it is hard to say what will be the outcome. As remarked recently tbe chief shareholders in the lease who have practically settled negotiations with English buyer, are between the devil and tbe deep blue sea. If their lease proves unpayable from the alluvial workers shafts the sale will fall through ; if gold is found, all tbe king's horses and all the king's men will not stop the rush thither. They should be about seeing that tbe sensible course of declaring the ground deep alluvial, and applying for a special area accordingly, would have been the most- profitable in the end. As it is, support for the workers on tbe lease is increasing daily. Contrary to expectations, no mention was made of the special case to be submitted by counsel in tbe Ivanhoe Venture oase. This will be finally arranged during the week, TBE RACECOURSE TELEOBAPE OFFICE.— Wo are informed by Mr Andrew Thomson, the postmaster, that arrangements have been made to open the telegraph office at tho raceconrse to-day and on Saturday. TUB BASVABDS,—At the Tivoli Theatre last night, the Banvards held an entertainment, the prooeids of which were to be added to the fund in aid of the sufferers by the recent fire. At 8 o'clock, as an additional attraction, the members of the fire brigade marched down the street, and entered the building, beaded by their band. A fairly large audience assembled, but considering the object, the attendance was disappointing. The clever Beting of Messrs J. W. Tudor and Will Kelly, and the pyramid and tumbling feats of the Banvard family were, as nsual, well appreciated, while tbe amateur contributions were also applauded. The singing of tbe various artlbts and artistaB was up to their usual form, and a very successful night's performance was the result. This evening an entire change of programme will be made, and as an enjoyable resort after the day's races, the Tivoli should commend itself to a large number of patrons. 