OUR STORY. JEAN THE FINDER. ;g (By Anna T. Sadlier, in the " Ave Maria.") (Concluded.) Next morning the expected snow storm had not made its appearance; but it was in the air and hung heavily over the crest of the moun tain, imparting a bleakness to the hill-sides, to the orchards shorn of their fruit, to the fields whence hay and grain had disappeared. Clouds of dust swept along the road in eddies, carrying in their train the skeletpns of the once brilliant com pany of autumn leaves. I started from the point where the road of the saw mill and the station roads converge. I heard the click of the wheel, and saw Mathurin, the saw miller, bustling about, as I stood aside to allow a cart, heavily laden with sacks for the grist mill above, to pass me by. I strolled downward — past " the stone house," and " the red house," past the mouillure, and onward through roads so woody in summer, with the trees, like ghosts of their former selves, stretching melan choly, appealing arms upward. I came at last to the great mission cross of the good Bishop Forbin- Jansen, who had knelt there long years before. I paused an instant, looking past it to the yellow house, with the tubs of once flowering plants now drooping at the door. There "the Providence of the Fields " had, even within my own memory, exercised his bounty. I returned the salute of one or two habitants, in cart or on foot, who, having first taken off their hats to the symbol of the Redemption, greeted me very ceremoniously. Silence fell all around me, when suddenly it was broken by the sound of a measured footstep. Then, around the curve of the road came a tall, spare man, wearing a uurious nondescript coat and a still more peculiar hat. A species of outer coat attracted my attention, as I noted a scraggy beard, a face browned by exposure, but spark ling with health, enlivened by eyes which suggested a ferret, so keen, swift, and indescribably watchful was their expression. The man walked slowly, his head bent; and the stoop of the shoul der showed that this attitude was habitual. But his eyes never ceased to wander from side to side of the road, as if in search of some tiny animal which was, on the point of finding them. The eyes glanced at me for a moment, and it was with a gesture a most of impatience ' that he saluted me; taking off his hat reverently, however, to the mission cross. . I divined in an instant that it was the same Jean who had already excited my curiosity who spent his life on the road — now pursuing the highway, now diverging into by paths, suddenly scaling a fence to follow a meadow path, or darting into woods where parted trees showed that human feet had trodden. An impulse made me follow him downward along the steep road to the station ; and plucking up cour age, I came abreast of him and spoke. He answered at first in monosyllables, but I was persistent. He might be more communicative than people thought. In auy case, I would try. I wanted to know his calling, and why his eyes re mained fixed upon the grey earth, already hardened into ruts and prepared for. the first snow, when the sky, obscured as it was by scudding clouds, stretched above; when the trees are touched ever and anon by transforming gleams of light struggling out of the dim ness ; when the Richelieu stretched ! below, winding away into distance. " My friend," I said, " pardon I'my boldness, but why do yoa look downward so intently, with your head ever bent ?" "It is part of my profession," he said ; "it is how I make a live lihood, as yon other English would say." I thought his mind was affected, and that it was out of delicacy his neighbours had refrained from telling me the truth. "A livelihood! But how?" I asked. " All the day I walk," he said — his eyes roving restlessly as he spoke—" from one light to another. If the moon shines, I walk in the night, too (they take me for a revenant sometimes). If the sun burns like the fire in the summer, still I walk; if spriug is here, and the river down there breaks from the ice with a very great joyfulness, and the trees get new leaves on tbem, still I walk; when June comes, and the roses cover ail the hedges, and the sweet smells come a-blowing at me, still I am on foot ; if it is autumn, with gay colours and the apples in the orchards, still I walk; when November comes, dismal like this day, I walk still, even when the wiud from the mountain blows and blows around me." I was the more amazed at the man's burst of eloquence because it succeeded his previous taci turnity. I was puzzled by the matter of what he said and his manner of expression. " But dou't you ever stop walk ing ?" I asked, with some thought of the Wandering Jew floating through my mind. "Yes," he answered; "I am stopped by two powers — -snow and dafkness. Snow is my chief enemy," he added with a dramatic gesture and a scowl, which made me draw away a little. " It hides things more truly almost than darkness — the night of the day, the night of the year." " But what is it you are seek ing ?" I inquired again. " What sort of living do you make ? Why are darkness and snow your ene mies ?" He turned on me in mild sur prise. " Have you not, then, heard what I am called ?" I nodded. "Well, if I atn named the 1 finder/ it is because I find." " Find what ?" He looked at me with a curious sharp scrutiny of the ferret eyes, which seemed to run over my person as over a stretch of road. Possibly he feared a rival in his pecular trade, but the investigation seemed satisfactory. " I find," he said slowly, " lost articles ; the small pieces of money, ' trinkets — what you will. Maybe it is an apple, a bit of wood, a potato. It all goes here " — he pointed to the leathern pouch he wore. " How do you live in winter ?" I asked. " By the help of my friends, who give me of their hospitality. In return I aid them in their work. So, with my savings, I pass the long, sad months, so lonely ; and then, when comes the spring, I am like the river down there — I leap joyfully out upon the road, and begin my free life." He cast a glance at the overcast sky as he spoke, and sighed deeply. " The night is coming," he said, " the night of the year." We were at the station, and lingered a moment to talk. Sud- denly he started. "Yonder comes Monsieur le Cure!" he cried. "I must go. I must not delay." In view of what I had been told at the shop, it was comical to see the look of absolute terror which came over the keen face of the Finder. "Are you afraid of the good Cure?" I called after him. He was already some yards away. " Of him ! Oh, no !" he ans wered back, speediug on at a furious rate. My homeward way was en livened by reflections on this rustic philosopher, who pursued with moderate success what might have seemed so hopeless a quest; and I stood still to la, ugh outright, re calling his fear of the matrimonial state, as represented to him by the excellent Cure. Truth is stranger than fiction, thought I, as I listened that even ing Madame Dery's voluble addi tions to ray recent acquired know ledge of this most original charac ter. She descanted on his good luck, especially when people of the " beau monde" came to the hotel in summer. " Does he make no effort to find the owner of valuable articles?" I asked. " Ah !" said Madame Dery, "you do not understand. The people of the mountain are poor, it is true; but they are also honest. Jean goes. to the hotel, the owner is found, and rewards the brave man for his trouble. Sometimes, if the object be of value, there is an ad vertisement in the papers. Jean reads them all at night, for he is well educated. But it is mostly small monies and such like which are found. And now you peiceive that his businesses at an end. Ah ! it is a bad affair for him, this Storm." . Madame Dery had gone to the s,\\. window to light the sconces. I -followed, and saw the mountain enveloped in a whirling mass of snow, blowing downward from the summit, on which rested a white mist. Already ltthe roads were white; the saw-milbaudithe grist mill had ceased their clamour. Before morning, no doubt, the fences would have disappeared, the roads have become effaced, and the time of inertia and of melancholy have set in for. Jean the Finder. 