A SURE SIGN. Every week brings quite a cheerful crop I of awful and unsuccessful attempts at I abortion to the light of shuddering day. B In pructically every instanoe the unfortn- H nate victim gives up the ghost within a B few days of the 'operation,1 and usually B implicates half-a-dozen people in the at B tempted echeme of 'woman's redemption. B Seventy-live per cents of such victims are B unmarried women of ages ranging be* B iween eignteen ana twenty-nve. trad as tho record is, and terrible also as the index that it -affords to the actual social condition of the people must be to tho&e; who ever think at all, nevertheless a diminution of the fatal number may be looked for in vain. The superficial ob server never lookB to 6ocial phenomena o£ this character to draw his conclusions. So long us the imports for the week amount to so many millions and the exports like wise, aud so long as the daily sup-press continue to be-laud the existing regime of things, such folk are well content t ) accept everything that is as being the b^tand most prosperous. The records of the Benevolent Asylum, soup kitchen, poor bouses, gaols, and other kindred institu tions, never occur to them es having any bearing upon the political attain* of the country. Indeed, they look upon such matters as being- wholly extraneous to everything but tbe inherent frailty of man as handed down by good o d mother l&ve.; And when they read iu tbe papers of the death of some poor girl from the cifccts of an illegal operation, they purse tbeir lips in Bhocsed surprise, and murmur 'what a terrible thing !' Aye! and truly it is a terrible thing — terrible both in its individual and general aspect The true reflex of political prosperity is domestic happiness und content. Amongst a people where tbe opportunity to obtain a com petent living is open to all industrious members of the community, the domestic sphere bears all the health and tone of the political understructure. Under such cir cumstances the rieing generation can afiiord . to marry with every assurance that with ordinary care the home can bs kept going in perfect comfort. Under such circum stances, young men do not shun the responsibilities of marriage, neither do young women. On the contrary, they I rather court such obligations, and accept ing them with that cheerfulness born o£ i confidence for the future, settlb down into I the sphere of nation-bearers, and build up a people a'hd adorn an era. But wbenthe I melancholy truth is forced upon us that young men and women, not only will not, ,but dare not. undertake the responsibilities I of marriage because of the territic stress ' of existence that jostles tbem on every side, it is time to look deeper than the : surface for the grievous cause. When we find tbat through the bitter keenness of the struggle to live the social relations be« tween tbe sexes is reduced to a system of clandestine and immoral indulgence, the matter should surely engage us in more than a passing exclamation of horror or surprise. It is no new maxim that according to the effioacy of the general government of a country the domestic government rises or declines. In countries where the government of the people is carried out on economically false &nd; meretricious lineB the inevitable effect is a ieaotion .in like manner^and degree upon domestic happiness aud prosperity.' What does this appalling daily record of abortions mean but that domestic stability has almost ceased to exist among us. and that tbe sacred institution of marriage is in a woefully moribund state V But is it to be wondered at when a *calm survey of sur rounding circumstances is made ? A young country like this, into which e polyglot population swarmed to gather the golden harvest of our geldtields, must ever make early provision for the inevitable reaction of the attendant false conditions of life that temporarily obtain. For no condition is falser than tbat in which swarms of men obtaia handsome livings upon a goldfleld with a minimum amount of labor. Unfortunately, or fortunately, ' such abnormal conditions never last, and it is when the people are forced back into the ordinary avenues of labor that the critical time commences.. Unfortunately for New South Walea, when that critical time arrived here a band of men were in power whose minds were saturated with the feti6oh of Cobdenism, and whose whole bias was towards riotous Imperial ism. Instead of seeking to establish centres of industry and manufacture, tbeir whole policy was to build storehouses for foreign products. They calmly watched the millions upon millions of golden sovereigns which our goldtields yielded, pouring out of the country, and poddled gleefully with white man, Chinaman, or aboriginal the shiploads of shoddy that came back in return. . Meanwhile the land was being grabbed and boodled in the most flagitious manner — rotten land laws protected the buodlers in every way booms and busts succeeded one another in ceaseless sequence, and so we have gradually drifted into the year . eighteen hundred and ninety-eight, when 1 the devil take the hindmost1 is the general motto, aad when the cheerful abortionist plies his busy trade in mansion and hovel alike. The man who would refuse to cheer when he thinks of all this must have a soul like a stale Bheep's liver. Therefore, let % general cheer rend the welkin while tba mutilated corpse of the unfortunate, who has died under an * illegal operation/ is borne to peaceful rest away from this world of freetrade and fornication. It is a peculiar fact that with most men* the growth of hair, is greater on one side ot the face than the other. It 1b said that hair always grows more thickly on that side cm which we are stronger. Among the women- workers in the field in .Berwickshire it is the custom, when their backs become tired by much bending, to lie down with their faces towards the ground- I and allow others to step across tbe lower ? part of their back with one foot aeveraf I times until all the pain from fatigue is n I moved. I 