JtenVc of Jntmsfc An elcctric swing nt the World's Fair carries twenty-four porsons, nnd swings a distance of 000 feet. A new paving material " almost as .soft ns carpet to the tread 'Uvill be welcomed in the noisy London streets, '^juch a one exists consisting of blocks of grauulated cork and bitumen compressed. Thegames of dominoes, chess, trictrac, baccarat, and lansquenet, havo come from China and are very old, running back two or three thousand years 11.0. The value or gold received at the United States Mint last, year was £20,000,OOU, or £4,'200,000 less than in 1891. The purchases of silver by the - anme institution wae 54,I2!),727OZ. Sinco 1873 no less than 458,109,529oz. have been purchased by tho United States Government at a cost of £95,000,000. A man weighs less at noon and midnight than nt sunrise or sunsot, at the time of new moon'and full moon,owing to the meon's and sun's attraction then acting together. In fact heissubjeot to the same force $liich .causos the tides. In 1875 the Gity of Richmond's time from Liverpool to New York was 7 days 19 hours 45 minutes. Thi« record was beaten recently by nearly two days by the Campania. Pointers wore introduced into this country from Spain in the middle of the last century- The act of" pointing " on the game being scented had at first to be carofully taught, but has now become instinctive. A block of eino seven font long, six feet wide, and four feet thick, and weighing 14,000 pounds, is being sent from Arkansas to tho World's Fair. 1'he block is merejy a lump broken offa solid mass of thirtcecn and a quarter million pounds. The pulse of a newborn infant beats 130 or 140 a minute; of a man from 21 to 60, 70 or 75 a minute ; in old age, between 75 nnd 85. Scorpions are so numerous in llie city of Durango, Mexico, that the municipal authorities have offered.a prize to the jierson who kills the largest number. In general the city jwysCO cenU n'hundred for those killed and 80,000 were dostroyed last year. The licensed hunters have the right* to enter private houses snd^searoli for Ihotii. The variety which abounds is the Centrum* villains, the commonest scorpion in the States, whpre it flourishes from Mexico to North Carolina. Many of the Pittsburg glass companies are placing plants in position to make gas, the natural gas supply having given out. The object is to avoid going back lo solid fuel. The Post Office last year delivered 1,767,500,000 letters, 241,600,000 post-cards 493,300,000 book packets, 162,800,000 newspapers, and 40,378,365 parcels. An ingenious American claims to have invented an engine that will propel a vessel of 5,000 tons at 35 miles nn hour. The motive power is obtained from—sugar and chlorate of potash. Foxes are numerous in districts' around the Cumberland Mountains and so rapacious that the shepherds of Buttermere have been burning lamps in the fieldsat night to scare them, and even then many lambs have been snatched up. All the foxhounds of the mountain districts have beeuoufcdoinctheir best to destroy tho vermin, and the Buucatlira pack killed the forty^third fox a few days ago. - A A wonderful frenk of nature in the vegetable kingdom may be observed a short distance east of Asliburnhnm, Massachusetts. A tree, about the size of a large apple-tree has a limb about 18in. or 20in. in diameter. Persons have dug down and found but one root underneath, but it has two kinds of foliage, that of a pine and that of an oak.-.In the fall of the years burrs fall on one side and acorns on the other. In Vienna, Austria, has been opened a postage-stamp museum, were more than 100,000 stamps may be seen arranged in three large rooms. Among the rare specimens are the stamp; used in the balloon and pigeon despatches of the Franco-Germao War in 1870-71. A bar of iron worth a sovereign, worked into horse-shoes is worth £2 ; made into needles it is worth £70; made into penknifeblades it is worth £G57 ; made iuto.balance. springs of watches it is worth £50,000. American invention annihilates time. Raw whisky, it is affirmed, can becoverted into whisky twenty years' old by a brie! process, which cools the liquid to about 70deg. b?low zero, nnd passes a current ol electricity through the alcoholic solution. A horse can live25 days wiihoutso^id food, merely drinking wator; seventeen days without either o.atin^ or drinking ; and only five days when eating solid food arid riot drinking, says an exporionced horseman. Seafish and shellfish are hatched artificially on nn enormous scale in Norway and North America. The Newfoundland hatchery turning out in one year fifteen millions of cod fry and four hundred millions of young lobslehi. The largest latlte in the world has beon constructed by Messrs. W. Sellers and Co., for theNavalGunshopatwashingtoi^Cr.S A. It weighs GOO.OOOlbs., nnd is 133ft. in length Its greatest height is 12ft., its greatest wi'ltli 10ft. 6in., audits boring onpaoity Hiin. The new lathe is capable of turning out guns with a i6in.-bore, more than one-third ns big again nn the guns now in use. One of the most, ancient landmarks of England is Fnrnham Castle, the" -homo of the Bishop of Winchester. It .first became a fortress in the t roublous times of. Henry de Elois, who was brother to King Stephen and Bishop of Winchester. It was taken 111 1216 by Ixiuis tho Dauphin, b,ut recaptured and restored tolhesecinl218. In Henry Ill's reign it was partly destroyed, though soon afterwards rebuilt. Coloiidgc was not only a fair naturalist, but oven an astronomer. The star in tho dark inside of the rim of the crescent moon, which has so often puzzled readers of the " Ancient Mariner,". is nn actual phenomenon. On clear evcningSg-when the moon is in her first, quarter, a bright star-like spot may sometimes be seou in the shadowed disc, at some distance from the bright crescent. It probably is. however, nbt a star, but the light of the.sun. reflected from some lofty lunar peak. There are still natives in the Melanesian Islands who remember when, a white man wasiimt seon and what he was taken to be. Whcn -Bishop Patterson landed at Mota, for instance, he entered an empty house,* the owner of which had lately dieol. This settled tho question : he was the ghost ef the late householder. Tho visitor, especially if ho is a whaler, is soon discovered by his - behaviour not to bo a ghoet, but lie cannot be a living man, for in 'that cato he would be black 1 he is, therefore, probably a mistihie, ' vous spirit, bringing disease and disaster. ' "I wonder if that is sheet music she ti playlrigt" " \Vby f Well, it seems to fall like a wet l>Unk«t on the «grai>Wt" 