WESTERN AUSTRALIA. PERTH, Monday, Isov. 21» 1 Tlie Cluef Justice announced at the sitting o£ the Full Court to-day that a letter had been sent to him asking him to receive a deputation to urge that facili ties should be restored for the con tinuance of the publication of a daily -writ Jist. He said it was impossible for him to receive a deputation. If he were exceed ing his powers in directing that facilities for obtaining a -wxit-list be not given it would be open to the aggrieved parties to take action. Considerable alarm has been experienced lately by timid residents of Cannington, near Perth, owing to the frequent ap pearance of a conventionally attired ghost. Lately, a number of readente waylaid the apparition, who surrendered on being- held lip by a revolver. The . costume consisted or a-sheet with eyelet holes, and decorated with red paint and other elaboration. The party decided Hot to hand the mail over to the police, but to administer a sound thrashing with a paling. This was accord ingly doue, and the ghost was then set at liberty. The local section of the Adelaide Uni versity Junior Examination was begun to- day. ? There were seven senior and eleven junior candidates. In the Supreme Court to-dav Mr. Justice Heusman gave judgment in the case of H. M. Dicken versus the Perth Water Supply Company in a claim for the repayment of a £10,000 deposit which was forfeited to the Company on account of the plaintiff's failure to complete purchase of the Com pany 's waterworks in' a specified time, and £10,000 damages on the ground that he Jiad been induced to enter into an agree ment-to-purehase by fake representation on the part of the Company's agent. The plaintiff alleged that the Company had agreed to extend the time of the purchase if he gave the name of a probable bonafide I purchaser, which he had done. Bis Honor decided against the plaintiff on both counts, ' Municipal - elections throughout the colony were held to-day. Considerable excitement prevailed in the city, where two of the retiring Councillors, Messrs. Charles Oldham, M.L.A., and Frank Wilson, M.L.A., were defeated by 142 and 7 votes , respectively. t John Ryan, a miner, has been lost in the bush near Mount Malcolm since Friday. It I is believed that he has perished. ! . NORSEMAN,' Monday, Nor. 21. The annual elections to fill the Slayoral chair and two vacancies in the Municipal Council took place to-day. Only one nomi nation was received for each vacancy, and there was consequently no contest. For the Mayoralty Mr. Thomas John Can- was declared elected, while Messrs. W. 11. Barnes and M. liossiter, the two retiring Councillors, were also declared elected: There was, a good gathering at the Council Chamber to near the result. Mr. Carer's ; election is popular. Messrs. Pearce and Dixson were re-elected Auditors. PERTH, Tuesday, Nov. 22. j The appeal case of the Ivanlioe "Venture G.M. Co. versus Burke and Others was mentioned in the Full Court to-day. It | was ruled that the case could not be taken before the next sittings of the Court, owing to insufficient notice. The appellant Com- ] pany was ordered to forthwith proceed to give* an account of all gold taken on the ground which has been found to be Burke and party's, and to put the proceeds into Court with the costs incurred in the Court below. NORSEMAN, Tuesday, Nov. 22. An accident very nearly attended by serious consequences occurred to-day at J BeriLiqua's battery. Two men, who were engaged cleaning out the solution-vat, were overcome by cyanide fumes. Between 8 and 9 o'clock the last mixture of solution was rim off as usual, and then the vat was sluiced with water. There was, however, a sediment, on the bottom, and this the. men tried to remove. One of them entered the tank, and was seen to fall on liis back. The other jumped down to get'him out, and he was overcome. Assistance arrived speedily, but three hours elapsed before one of the men was brought round. Both have now recovered. 