NOTES OH CURRENT EVEHTS. It would be interesting to have' a clear definition of the Albury Borough Council's standard of commercial morality. At the last meeting an account of 4s. was submitted for a special job of some hours duration per formed by the turncock. The work it appears had to be done, and it could only be carried out at nightime. It further appears that the turncock was the most suitable man to do it properly. Now the turncock on that particular day had worked his ordinary 8 hours, or whatever his time may be, and had earned his day's wages. It may naturally be supposed that he would not be over anxious in the terrible heat recently prevailing to put in another half day Nor half night. Whether he liked it or not is, however, beside the question. He was instructed to do the work, and was no doubt given to understand that he would be paid. But even if he re- ceived no assurance of the kind, he had a right to expect payment. The Council by a majority decided that he had no right to expect any thing of the kind, and the claim was re- pudiated. On this principle all the staff of the Council might be required to work 12 hours, or for that matter 18 hours, for 8 hours' wages. On the same principle the grocer who sells a pound of tea for a shilling might be required to give his customers an extra pound for nothing whenever the cus- tomer's consumption of tea for the week was larger by a pound than usual. But the thing will not really stand argument. The man honestly earned his four shillings, and he ought to have the money. * * * The free trade argument that looal in dustries have not been injured by the pre sent, fiscal policy of the colony is; 'fairly flattened out by several indisputable facts. Amongst these ara the impending rma of the sugar industry, which afforded directly and indirectly. a, good. living to many thou sands of persona. This wholesale sweeping away af the livelihood of a considerable sec tion of. the population can aardiy be denied even by the Government, and the suggestion that all hands should 'keep cows' doeBn'o quite meet the difficulty. Unfortunately the susrar industry jb not the only one that is ruined. A telegram from Sydney under date of Friday last says : — ll The Australian Kerosene Oil and Shale Company have noti fied the butchers chay deal withthat.in con sequence of the . removal of the candle duties and the . very large influx of foreign- made candles, the directors are reluctantly com pelled to close their works, and will not, therefore, take more tallow from them. The works are situated at Parramatta,: and em ploy 30 to 50 hands. The secretary states that it is intended to close as sbou as stocks are made up, and remain closed until a change is made in the fiscal policy. The 'company, is being beaten out of the nlarket by candles made in foreign countries from our own tallow, which is 'purchased abroad at a lower price, than it could be bought for in the colony.' Perhaps the Premier will sug gest that people crushed out of this industry should 'keep pigs.' ? ' ?*':?'',.?* ' * ./ West Australia— and the goldfields too — may be regarded as the exemplar of of polite ness. An advertisement in the Menzies Daily News runs as follows : — ^'If the person or persons who took loan of ladder from Warden Chambers would kindly return same, the 'owner, would bo grateful.' Such a pathetic appeal should afc once have the de sired result. It is refreshing to know that jn this world there is brie individual who, even in the most trying situations, never forgets the politeness which was doubtless instilled in early youth. His example is to be commended. If it were more generally followed, wo should soon see advertisements like this : — " William Sykes, Esq. My dear sir,— When. you recently honored my humble domicile with your presence, and were kind enough to take away a few souvenirs, whioh, owing to my absence, I was unable to per sonally press upon' your acceptance, you inadvertently, I am sure, unduced a letter from my beloved Maria, now gone to rest, which I value very much. I am sorry to trouble you about so insignificant a matter, but if you would have the kindness to return the letter, postage to be paid on delivery, I should be for ever grateful.— I am, your most obedient, humble servant, X.Y.Z.' ' * ? * * When the inevitable reaction against free trade comes to take effect at the ballot box, amongst the opponents of the present policy will be found a good many who have hitherto posed as pronounced freetraders. Curiously enough some large Sydney merchants will be included in the number. This at a first glance appears unaccountable, as it has been generally understood that imponera got the best of the last shuffle of the pack political. It seams, how-ver, that even thi-y find fc'ie existing freetmde rather too free. Under the Dibbs tariff some of the large'' douses used to manufacture tinware and oiht-r articles on a larsre scale for their own re quirements, one firm employing 1000 hands. This has been entirely stopped by the re moval of the duties'. A still more serious evil, however, has cropped up in tho form of competition at the hands of a sHoal of new traders who can indent in small quantities al- most as cheaply as the large importers. When duty had to be paid in cash it took a good deal of money to go into the business, but now a small man well up in the needs of his cus tomers, can keep a big trade going on a very small capital. So far the public generally ha^e not derived any appreciable benefit from this competition, and it will therefore hardly tell much in favor of the Blinistry. A. good many f reetrndera hnv.er however, quite realised the disadvantage to which they have been subjected, and tbeir faith in the free- trade cause has by so much been weakened. * * * At the valedictory social to Mr. Mason on Saturday nigb.t, Mr. J. Wilkinson made a remark to the effect that most, of us 'are '? fighting hard to keep our noses above water.' This is scarcely an accurate statement of the condition of affairs recently prevailing. To judge from the excellent run of business enjoyed of late by the Albury Brewery Com- pany, and from what has come, under my own personal observation, I think it , would be more preci8e to say that most people dur- ine the hot, weather were fighting with con- siderable energy to keep their noses above beer. LIPPON DAIRN. Eleotoral Revision Court.— A court for the revision of the electoral list was held on Monday. - The list, as revised, was adopted. Iclness of Mr. M. Justice.— We regret to learn that Mr. M. Justice is seriously ill, having been the subject of a paralytic attack a few days since. Mining at Eskdale — Returns from the Eskdale mines are as follow : — D. Brodie, 12 tons for 22oz. 10dwt. ; C. Conroy, 22oz. 1dwt. from the same quantity of stone ; Burrows and Hoskins, 15oz: 4dwt. from 4½ tons; and W. Butters, 5oz. 11dwt. from 14cwt. Too Much Liquor.— A woman named Fanny Patterson, who had been remanded for medical treatment, was before the court on Monday. Dr. Andrews gave evidence to the effect that she had been suffering from the effects of liquor, but was now recovered. She was discharged. Serious Accident. —Mr. C. M. Hall, the well-known dentist, met with a serious acci- dent on Friday at Bright. In alighting from the train he slipped between the train and platform, and sustained a fracture of the leg, Mr. Hall has. we believe, arranged with a competent substitute to fulfil his engage- ments in the country towns. Maintenance Case.— -On Tuesday, in the case of Bellini v; Bellini, Mrs. Bellini applied for the order against defendant to be varied. The defendant had been committed to gaol in default of finding sureties to comply with an order for maintenance, and plaintiff now sought to have him released. An order was made for defendant's release from custody. Tenders ACCEPTED.—Tenders for various works in connection with public schools have been accepted as follows :— Narandera, addi- tionaand alterations— C. F. Bundock, Naran- dera, £390 6s. 8d. Tumut Plains, additions and painting of residence — C. Morrow, Tumut, £85. Wyalong WeBt, enlargement of school building — J. Wyllie, Wyalong. £293. The MunioipaI Council.— -The nomina- tions for tbo Municipal Counoil are as fol- lows: — Messrs. W. Ashby, J. Brann, J. Chenery, A. Crisp, F. Hayes, S. Ringwood, C. Schmiedt, and Dr. W. C. Woods. For auditors the nominations are Messrs. C. A. Conley, A. A. Jones, and J. J. Allen. The candidates will address the electors at noon on Tuesday. Important Sale near Burryjaa. - Messrs. W. G. Crookett and Co. announce an important clearing sale at Edolston, near Burryjaa, on Friday, 4th February. The lots to be offered include 23 picked draught horses, besides hacks, &o.; ; a large quantity of agricultural machinery, 60 tons of hay, and a host of other useful and valuable lots. The sale takes place at noon. Fire in Dean- street — At an early hour on Sunday morning a tiro broke out in an unoccupied building owned by Mr. W. J. Jones, and adjoining his residence in Dean- street, The building was partly of briok and ^Ip&rbly; of wood, and the fire got ao firm a '~- , jholdjjef ore the alarm was given that the fire ? ^biigii'de wiis unable -to save it. Ttie cause of ; .':tiio;:fire is unknown The premises were ?'?'? ''' insured f or £200. ? An Old Offender. — Irene Munro was again before the ooart on Tuesday on a Joharae of drunkenness. There was a further ciiarge of damaging a utensil, the property of \- iV.th'e Government, She pleaded nob guilty to ? rthe charge of drunkenness, abating that she ' had only been excited. To the second charge the accused pleaded guilty. On the two ? charges the accused was fined 30s. or 28 v, :, days' imprisonment. ; The Wagga Electorate. —There is likely to be opposition to Mr. Goruilyin the Wagga electorate at the general eleotion. It is ;'??''. understood overtures are being made to Mr. . ;J|..^.: M'.Grath, a well-known resident, to /contest the seat. 'Mr. M'Grath is a protec tionist. It is also stated Mr. Arthur Rae, ' who was formerly one of the members for the , - old, Murrain bidgee electorate, will contest either Wagga or Murrumbidgee in the labour interest. ....'. ...'.? . : The Gbnebal Elections. — The Premier announced some time ago that, the general elections would take place in June, but there appears to be an impression abroad that they ; . will come earlier, and already candidates are announcing their intentions in various parts ;' of the. colony. It appears probable that several prominent members of the present ,♦? . Assembly will give up political life, while the great majority, if not. all of the others, will -meet with opposition. Sheep Election Polling Places. — Mr. Ball sends us the following copy of a letter received by him :— *' Department of Mines and Agriculture, Stock and Brands, January 20th, 1898. Sir,— With reference to your personal inquiry, I have the honor to inform you : that Walbundrie, Henty and Culcairn were notified as additional pollnig places for \- thd sheep district of Albury in the Govern .? ment Oazetta of the 18th inst.— I have, &c;, Alex. Bruce, Chief Inspector of Stock.' ... I^ipoetant to Electors.— The officials of :. the electoral office wish those electors who ^~ave removed from one. district to another to understand that in order to exercise their vote at the next general eleotion, they, should apply for a transfer, on completion of one .rnonth's residence in the new district. In order that no disappointment may ocour,. electors should apply early, 'as the- rolls have afterWards to be revised, and nameB cannot r'f V.::'b'6iab!ded-'aflier theissue ora wrif; for a general : - elebtion.- ? '??' \ ; \' '' T./.;.; ''. ? t'\ \ : An^ldW/odonoa Building.— The noto rioiis ..biiilding in Hpvell-scree.t known as ?' v'Tne! ior^has been razed to .the ground, ' and all that how marks the scene of s/o much revtilry .is a few piles of bricks' and timber, \ wlnph have been stacked by Mr. W..T. Kir^ wan, the contractor who accomplished the .?-.-?',.. demolition of tho structure. The next move ? ' will no.dpubt be in the direction of summon ing the owner for the expense incurred in , pulling down the dangerous and disreputable . building. / v A New Fodder Plant. — In the garden of Mr. J. H. MathewB, Kiewn- street, may be \- . seen, a very flourishing plot of a South African fodder plant grown extensively by the Boers and known as '.' Mama,' The plant appears ?tq4 be. allied to the millet. It is about- 5ft. high, very luxuriant in growth, and said to be excellent feed for stock. The seed was sent from Africa by Dr. Mathews, and would appear to be well Bjn'ted to this climate. , , Farmers and others interested would do well ?to inspect the plot. . , . .. : The Quarter Sessions. — At the opening of this court yesterday Mr. G. A. Thompson, J.P., who aotad in the capaoity of deputy sheriff, tendered His Honor Judge Rogers the congratulations of the bench of magis t rates on his appointment to the District Court Bench. Mr. Fleming, on behalf of the legal profession, also congratulated His Honor. The Judge, in reply, said the con gratulations were particularly grateful as being tendered by two old persoual friends. Dr. Andrews was sworn in as a magistrate. ., Albury Hospital.— A meeting of the com ;' tnittee waR held on Monday. Mr. Tietyens occupiad the chair, the other members pre sent bHing Messrs. O. Reis, M'Lennan, Ten Brink, R. Potts, Malonpy, Affleck, Burnett, Carkeek, Chapman. The business of tho meeting was to consider the drafb report and . balance-sheet for submission to the annual , ? meeting to be held to-day. The draft report wan, read and approved on the motion of Mr. M'Lennan, seconded by Mr. Carkeek. The balance- nbeeb was also approved, and the meeting closed. A Road Near Howlong. — Mr. Ball, M.L.A., his received the .following letter :?— ' Public Works Department, Sydney, 24th January, 1898. Sir,— -With further reference to your letter of 11th September last, urging the improvement of tho northern approach to the lagoon bridge, Howlong, I have the ? honor to inform you that it is proposed to construct a deviation through fclie reserve to the junction of Sturt and West streets, and the Minister haa approved of the necessary funds for the purpose beincr provided. — I have, &c;, Robt. Hiokson. Under-Seoretnry and Commissioner for Roads.' Loss of Border District Stock in the Gippsland Fires. — A report from Benalla runs as follows:— " In consequence of the bush fires in Giposland numbers of farmers between heru and Albury, and still more of them residing across the border, who had sent stock to Gippsland for agistment, owing to the drought up there, have sustained con siderable loss, their animals having been numerously burnt to death, It is said that in one case a large flockmaster at Corowa took the precaution of securing a guarantee from a grazier near Neerim on to whose land he sent a large number of store cattle, that his stock would be herded and returned to him in safety, bar a reasonable mortality.' Serious Accident. — A serious and painful accident happened a few days since to a little boy, eight years old, eldest son; of Mr. H. Andoraon, manager of Benambra Station. Ghaffcutting, it appears, was in progress, and the child was sitting on the top of the cutter, when by some means his foot slipped between the roller and the crown wheel of the horse works. The child was at once brought into Albury, and it was at first feared that ampu tation of the foot would be neeessary. One toe had to be removed at once, the operation beingperformed by Drs. WoodsandKennedy. By latcir fepprts there is some hope of saving the foot. The patient is doing as well as could be expected, and is still under treat ment at Dr. Woods' private hospital. Electors' Rights,— Many persons are under the impression that their elector's rights expired on December 31, 1896, but this is not so, as by an Amendment Act which became law in 1896, all rights issued before or since the passing thereof, unless cancelled in the prescribed manner, stand good until the end of the year 1900. Electors who have moved to a district other than that for which their right was issued, should apply for a transfer of same after one month's residence in the new district. Application for original, substituted, or transferred rights, may be made upon the prescribed forms through the post. It is advisable that early application be made for rights, as no names can be en rolled after the issue of a writ for an election. Small Debts Court. — At this court on Tuesday, the following case was dealt with : — W. H. Peroy v. Dr. Andrews. — This was an action to recover £5 damages for an alleged trespass by defendant's cows on plaintiff's land at WatervieW. Mr. J. Wil kinson for plaintiff, Mro Fleming for defend ant. For the defence the trespass was de nied, and it was contended that if there had been any trespass plaintiff had already ob tained his remedy by impounding defendant's stock on 13th December, because it was oniy reasonable to assume that at that time plain tiff claimed all the damages to which he con sidered himself entitled. , Mr. Wilkinson said plaintiff claimed in respect of damages done by trespass extending from 12th March to 13th December. Verdiofc for 40s; damages, and 25s. 6d.' costs. ?' A Strange Ailment. —A pony belonging fro a local resident began a few weeks ago to fall off lucondition, and the owner; imagining the animal was suffering from the botfly, had a dose of oil and turpentine administered. The medicine was applied by Mr.. J. L. M'Eaohern* who noticed that the pony was .frpbhingat the mouth, and displayed other peculiar symptoms. He examined the mouth of the animal carefully, and soon found what at first Bight appeared to ba an abnormal growth on the palate. Closer investigation, However, disclosed thB presence of someforeign body adhering to the roof of the niouth, and this ultimately proved to be a. mass of vege table, fibra closely impacted together until almost of the density of a piece of wood. By We aid of a ohisel this was dislodged, and the horse is now feeding well and. rapidly puttine on condition. The mass removed was several inches in length and over half an inch in thickness. The Beechworth Mining District. — Mr. Tresize, mining inspector for the Beech worth district, will shortly retire from the Government service, and the Minister oi Mines intends having another inspector ap pointed, in his plaoe. In addition to this officer, Mr. Foster contemplates increasing the staff of inspectors by calling upon Mr. Stewart, who retired some months ago on a pension, to re-enter tha Government service and .resume his duties as mining inspector, probably in the Ballarat district, where he was for some years prior to his retirement. If this ia douo, there will ba a re-arrangement of the mining diatricfoi of the oolony, so as to roduoe their urea, with a view of creating a new district. This willrelievethe inspectors in the Ballarat, Maryborough, and Bendigo districts, who have complained that, owing to tho increased activity in mining, they are being overworked By creating a new dis trict and appointing an additional inspector the mines will be more frequently visited, and the inspection is likely to be of a more thorough character. Improved Pan.— A new pan for use in connection with' sanitary services has been patented. It ia said to be absolutely airtight, and is thus desoribed by a Dubbo cprrns pondent of the Eurrangong Chronicle: — An iron or steel 13 J x 13 $ blocked pan without joints, enamelled inside and outside with 2 liiES on either Bide, made to receive two slot belts and a lever for tightening the lid. The lid is made of sheet iron with an iron plate funning across for a strengthening pur pose. Two shot bolts are fix»d on either side which go into the lugs on the pan, and which being pulled towards one puts a pres sure on the lid so that tho slot bolts are drawn tighter together. An india rubber tube band between the lid and the pan renders the lid quite air tight. A flange inside prevents the rubber ring; from slipping. Che claims of this patent for an absolutely j iir tight property and seemly one to boot, ! jinco its bliiB enamelling eutsido and white anauielling inside impart to it a very pre sentable appearance,' together with an abso- 1 lute impossibility for the adhesion of any Eoreign matter owing to that enamelling and bbe fact- that'-tliere are no joints, have been unhesitatingly acknowledged by all who have examined it. : Entertainment at Wodonga.— Mr. Geo. Enriah, the Wandering Minstrel, gave an entertainment in the Shire Hall, Wodonga, - on Tuesday evening to a very. fair house, despite the closeness of tho . atmosphere. Halt the proceeds will be handed over to the Gippsland Fires Relief Fund, wliioh will thus benefit to the extent of £l 15s. by the en tertainment. Mr. Enrian had enlisted the aid ©f several local amateurs, including Misses Guy (2), and Messrs. J. H. S. Camp bell. T. Doyle, J. and R. Jennings, T. W. Powell, and Bert Allen, most of whom ren dered vocal or instrumental selections in the first part and sustained characters in 'Old Joe's Ghost' and 'Irish Justice' inthe'latter part of an unusually amusing programme. Considering the very few days allowed for the rehearsal, the farce was remarkably well staged. Not only was the Judge (Mr. Enrian), the Crown Prosecutor (Mr. Campbell), and the Constable (Mr. Doyle), well up in their respective characters, as might be expected from those who have taken part in amateur performances, but the subordinate parts right down to the prisoners (Masters Jatues C'al hnan and Rod. Taylor), were almost equally well sustained. The minstrel himself ren dered a number of comic songs and gave a splendid exhibition of his powers as a ven triloquist, and his comicalities and witticisms brought down the house. As the shire hall was given by the president free of charge, and Mr. Geo. Leighton generously gave the gratuitous use of the piano, the expenses were very small, amounting altogether to only 108. Gd. Fire at Bethanga.— By an outbreak of fire on Friday afternoon 150 acres of excellent grass and an unoccupied brick building on the Bethanga Park Estate were destroyed. It is suspected that the flames were started' by a spark fiom the . engine on the train from Tallangatta to Wodonga, the paddocks being reported to be on fire a short time after the train passed through, a passenger by the train being confident that there was no fire about at the time the train went: through. Our Wodonga correspondent writes : — ' Un like most outbreaks, -the origin of the fire in this instance is tolerably certain. When the train from Tallangatta to Wodonga was - on its journey shortly before 1 o'clock, every thing was apparently all right in the pad docks, and several passengers are quite certain thab at that time there was no sign of a blaze visible. Less than an hour afterwards the fire had established a strong foothold in the paddocks, and for a time it looked as if grass, fencing, and everything else for miles would tall an easy prey to the devastating element. By the determined fighting of the manager (Mr. S. J. Nicholls), who received valuable assistance from Mr. J. H. M'Koy and a number of reaidenta in the locality, besides the station hands, the flames were got under. It was then thought that everything was quite safe, but during the night a breeze' fanned the smouldering embers into activityj and assistance had again to be summoned. After a few additional hours' hard fighting, the men again proved victorious. About 150 acres of fine grass and an unoccupied brick house were consumed by the fire. The build ing, whioh has been a landmark to travellers on the Wodonga-Tallangatta road for years, was not considered valuable, the old struc ture having fallen into disrepair. There is no doubt whatever the fire was starred by a spark from the locomotive.' The Municipal Subsidy. — In our last issue sorne doubt was raised as to the right of the Premier to refuse payment of the municipal subsidy. The same question, we notice, has attracted the attention of the Municipal Association. At the last meeting of that body it was deoided on the motion ot Alderman Upward, seconded by Alderman Clayton — ' That the secretary be instructed to rind out if the Act in regard to municipal subsidy has received the assent of the Go vernor, and, if the assent has been granted, and in view of the Premier having refused to comply with the provisions of the Act, that counsel's opinion be taken as to the right of councils to the special grant, and that (he necessary steps be taken to enforce the Act.' A letter was received from the Treasury stat ing that in view of the disturbance to the revenue caused by the rejection of the Probate Duties Bill it was impossible to give any special endowment to tha municipalities at present. Alderman Upward said the promise of tho Premier to give 2s. 6d, in tho £ to councils was unconditional, and Mr. Reid said if the councils put men on to do the necessary work they would get the subsidy. They had put the men on. Alderman Clay ton Baid he thought they should inquire into the matter of the assent to the Act, take the Herald report of the deputation to the Premier, and publish the facts for the infor mation of tho public Mr. Reid not only set at defiance both Houses of Parliament, but also tho Municipal Association. Alder man Smith said if Mr. Reid could do that he -vas the Czar of New South Wales. Alder man Griffin stated that hn would not go so far as that. AWerman Smith said he only used that as a phrase. It was also remarked thai thp speaker of the Assembly had boon asked not to present the -bill for the Gover nor's assent, but he had done aoi Alderman Wheeler, .who presided,, thought it .unwise to carry the motion. He knew they would get the money. ; It has .teen.rfpund/ that the measure referred' to is on, the statute book, is numbered xlvi. (a.d. 1897), and, was- assented to December 10, 1897.' The! measure is called ' The Consolidated Revenue Fund (Municipal Grant) Act of 1897.' ' Obituary. — We regret , having : to record the. untimely death, on Friday last of the wife of a respected resident of, Wodonga, ^and daughter of an old resident of the ^Bury dis trict, in the person of Mrs. E;cWi Smith, of the Victoria Hotel, Wodonga. ' Mrs. Smith, who was youngest daughter of Mr. R..Hovenden, formerly of Mahonga, was- attacked: a short time ago by the prevailing epidemic of influenza. Before compete ly ?recovering she had an attack of congestion of the iungs, and this was followed up by a premature confine ment. The immediate cauae of death was peritonitis. Mrs. Smith had the.best medical skill available on both sides of the river, bub her system proved to weak to withstand the slnck of childbirth, and she' succumbed ou the day named. The funeral took; place in the Albury cemetery on Saturday. Much sympathy in felt for Mr. Smith,' who is lefc with three young children, 'and much sotow is expressed at the1 untimely- death of one who was much esteeimedby all whoknew her. We regret having to record the death ou 20th inat. of a well-known resident of the Border district in the' person' of Mr. G. P. H. Gehrig, of Barnawartiha. ' The deceased, who was 65 yeara of age, had beea afflicted for some months with a painful internal disease, for which he was assiduQUsly attended by Dr. Schlink, of Wodonga^ -bub 'niedical skill was of no avail, and a'few weeks since all hope of improvement was relinquished. The deceased was' a very old -resident of the dis trict, and was one of the fitst to engage in the wine industry, in which' he was very successful, having gained numerous prizes at all exhibitions. He was highly esteemed by all who knew him, and his deatbr'causes a vacancy in the social circle which' will long be felt and regretted. The funeral took place in the' Barnawartha; cemetery on Satur day afternoon, when a very large concourse of mourners assembled at: the grave side to pay their last token of -respecfc to -their de parted friend; 'That last: sacred rites of the R.C. Church were impressively administered by1 the Rev. Father; Barry,- and the. mortuary arrahgements'were carried ontunderthedirec- tion ©f Mr. J. Greenhill. Anofcheriwell-known and respected former resident' of /this district passed over to- themajority 'last week in Melbourne. The deceaseds-Mr. G.H Bisby —was for many years in- the Cdrowa district, afterwards at Nararidera'; and more recently at Mildura. His many Corowa. .friends will regret to hear of his death.' ? i Weddings.— A correspondent seiids us tha following :—' A quiefc wedding' was celebrated at Uri Park, the residence of Mr.'Wm, Robs, J.P., on the 29th December,v.bert ween Mr. Andrew Shefrardj of Hillside; Whitton (who was for many years ! overseer ''On Kooba station), and Miss !E. ;Fi ?M'DoIhald, who was for several years in charge -of '^the local public school. The Rev. John Dykes, Pres byterian minister, of Jerilderie, '? performed the ceremony. The bride Was given away by Mr, W. 'Ross, and wore a -Bilk lustre gown trimmed with chiffon and ribbon. ^The bsBt man was Mr. George M'Kinn'ey', The brides maids, Misses Margie M'Dohald and Janet Rosa, wore white showeribf- haH muslins, trimmed with valencienries lace ' and inser tion. Twin swallow brooohes were the bride groom's gifts. Wedding tea was served in the diningroom. Mr. and Mrsi Sherrard left during the afternoon, being driven as far as Kooba by Mr. Ross. Following are some of the presents : — Mr. W. Ross, cheque ; Mrs. W. Ross, Bilver teapot ; Mrs. W. JvM'Gaw, cheque ; Mr. and Mrs. R. Ross, ; silver cake dish ; Mr. and Mrs. A. O. Neill, silver coal scuttle ; Mr. and Mrs. Fraser, cheque ; Mr. and Mra. W. J. King, chest of drawers ; Mr. J. M'Kinne, cheque; Messrs. G. and Jack M'Kinney, marble clocs ; Miss Beveridgf, silver serviette rings in case ; Miss Acock, silver pickle cruet; Mr. and' Mrs. John Lander, silver cruet ; Mtss M. M'Douald, gold and pearl brooch; Misses J. Ross and F.Boyle, silver and crystal epergne ; Miss Lander, tray cloth ,-Miss M'Phail, afternoon tea clor.h ; Mr. J. McDonald, cheque ; Miss M Faclze^u. serviette rings ; Willie Ross, tea pofc ; Kuox Ross, butter cooler ; Mrs. Dykes, tray cloth and set of d'oyleys ; Mr. Dykes, bible ; Miss Bunyan, hand-painted satchet ; Mrs. O. Topp, mont mellick- tray cloth; Mr. A. G. M'Donald, cheque.' A pretty wedding was celebrated at St. Philip's Church, Church-hill, Sydney, on January 12th, the Ven. Archdeacon Langley officiating, when Mr. George Dobbyns, J.P., Mayor of Junee, was married to Miss Eliza- beth J. (Bessie), eldest daughter of the late Mr. John Walter Minto Sinclair, of Albury. The bride wore white shower-of-hail trimmed with lace and white satin ribbons, piotiiresque hat of white chiffon ribbons and lily of the valley, and carried a handsonn- bouquet, the gift of the bridegroom. The bridesmaid was Miss Amy Sinclair (sister of the bride), who wore a cream and pale green grasscloth with green foundation, richly trimmed with creant lace and ribbons, with hat to match The bridegroom was attended by Mr. John P. M'Donnell as best man, The bride's travel ling dress was a sage-green crepou, with pink brocade, silk front, streamers to match, and ecru lace. 