MR. BARTON AT BURWOOP. THE COMMONWEALTH BILL e EXPLAINED. . A GOOD RECEPTION. . ' Mr. Barton spoke in favor of the Commonwealth Bill last night in tbo School of Arts-liall at Bufwood. The chair was occupied by Alderman Gardow, Mayor of the borough, who was sun- norted by Mr. W. H. B. Piddingtou, M.P.. Mr. Miller, M.P., several of the aldermen, and'others. Mr. Barton, after Introductory remarks, refer red to the opposition to tho bill, and said it was to somo extent a' satisfaction to him to find that somo of tlioso who proclaimed their undying op position to the Commonwealth Bill had never , road tho bill. There were a number of mem bers of Parliament who, if he heard aright, had rover road the bill, and he had heard of new-s- papors which had declared undying enmity to the bill, who had not a copy or it in the office. (Laughter.) There were members of I arliament who feared that they would be of' loss account under Federation than they were before. The grounds of the opposition to . the bill wore, as diverse as the people who opposed it. and U there wore any desire to name them lie would name each of them— the ono man oue bill party. A Voice: What about Jack Want. r Mr. Barton: Privately he thought Mr. Want was a very genial fellow: but In somo of his political methods ho was a good deal of a pirate. 'Mr. Want,' he believed, was very angry with -him (Mr. Barton) for saying . the other night ho had had the decency to re sign his position as Attorney-General ami that be ought to have resigned months ago. Last year he was, if there was any difLercnce In tho amount of hostility between Mr. \\\ant and Sir Julian Salomons, tho leader of tho Op position In the Legislative Council. In 1801, and .1897 Mr. Want declared that he .was opposed to Federation, but in his letter to the Premier, pub lished that day, he OeclareiLhimsolf to he, as good a Foderationist as anyone, but- that he was op posed to the present bill. His utterances last year and In- previous years did not bear out his present professions. Mr. Barton then spoke on the features of the bill, pointing out tbat it was not, as was sometimes assc.rtod, .a copy of the American Constitution, but was meddled on that or England. He also gave an account of the way. in which the Constitution was to be brought lato operation — it would have to be sent home, and passed by the Imperial Parliament, and the Queen would have to issue a proclamation nam- iuff'.a dale on which it would come into force. The Queen would also appoint a Governor-Gene- ral, and the local Parliaments would have to make preparations for the Federal elections. Tho .first, Parliament must meet within six months after. the bill came into force. An explanation whs given of the Constitution of the Senate, and of the franchise under which it is to be elec ted." Mr. Barton claimed that it was' more de mocratic than that of any colony. The consti- tion of . the House of Representatives was also explained, and the reason why it was decided, as a concession to some of tbe smaller colo nics;. that the minimum number of members for any one colony should be five. Mr. Barton point ed out that Tasmania and West Australia were increasing in population at a faster rate than any of the other colonies. If the bill- were ! carried, as it would Do in May or June — (cheers) i — it would take about a year and a half before tho I Constitution could spring into life. It would | probably be another six months before the Fod- | oral. Fnclinment was elected. It would, there- ! fore, probably be two years before tho Consti tution came fully Jnto force, and in that time it i was possible that the two colonies named might j bc entitled, from their' population, to five mcm- | bcrs each; Somo of the opponents to the bill, Ion the ground of representation, might bo des cribed as ghost-raisers— rliVip those who scooped out a turnip, placed a lighted candle inside, and ! exhibited it as a living thing to frighten other ! people. Special ' stress was laid on the fact that ! Federation involved intercolonial frcctrade, and an account was given of the . departments of State which 1 would be taken over. The railways wero not to be taken over, but any State might , hand over Its railways to the Commonwealth oh terms to be arranged. The relative powers of the Senate and House of Representatives wero described, as well' as tlie deadlock provisions, end the fear expressed by some of . the oppon ents of tho bill that the smaller States, would combine against tho two larger ones was ad verted to, and the conviction expressed by the speaker that' such a combination would never happen. Even if it did, the combined members for Now South Wales und Victoria: at the. joint sittings of the two Houses could overcome the other colonies. The judiciary, the finances, the rivers, and other features of the. bill were dealt with iu detail. As to the Parliamentary opposi tion to tbe bill, Mr. Barton said that tho Federal question wao becoming a question, not between' two parties of the people; it was becom ing a question between the' Parliament 'and the peoplo, anil It was a right anil just tiling; that tho prorogation should have taken place last . week, because It struck out of' the hands of this trea cherous Parliament the power of still further tak ing away from tlie people tho rights which by statute had been conferred upon them. (Loud chcoring.) lie had do fear for the future of Fede ration, hut ho had grave fears for the political future: of fiomo of these members of Parliament who had assisted to raise the affirmative vote in the final referendnm in- the bill from 50,000 ta SO, 000. (Prolonged cheering.) A motion was carried to tlie effect that the Con stitution 'Bill was in the opinion of the meeting a 'just and liberal one. and wall fitted' to'-b© th® Constitution of the free people of Australia. ' It was also resolved that a branch of the asso ciation to secure tho requisite nuiiibor of votes to ensure the passing of the bill should, bo formed at Burwood, and that subscriptions be invited to carry on the campaign. 