APPLICALION FOR MAGHINERY AREA. John Young's application for a forfeited lease adjoining the Golden Bar mine, to be used as a machinery area, was granted. ~ A rush has taken place to the gully by the Orotava hill sear Kalgoorlie, where some dr zen partiis are at wjrk. The ground has been tried on several occasions the oteer side of the railway line, but it now seems ss though a patch of gold was left unnoticed on this side towards the Boulder road. Notwithstanding the embarrassed and serious state of Italian finances, and the enormous pressure of taxation, which is heavier than in any other European country, the Government proposes to spend not less than two millions sterling for a series of years on new warships. How the money is to he raised does not appear. More turns of the screw of taxation are impossible, and a foreign loan could only be effected on stringent terms. British investors will do well to exercise caution. Considerable alarm has been experienced lately by the timid residents of Cannington, near Perth, by the appearance of a conventionally attired ghost. A number of residents at last laid in wait for the apparition» who surrendered on being bailed up with a revolver. His costume consisted of a sheet with eyelet holes, and decorated with red paint and other elaborations. The party who laid fhe ghost decided not to hand him over to the police, but administered a sound thrashing with a paling, and a sore and gory ghost was then set at liberty. Counsel Henke is undergoing detention in Berlin, and being desirous of marrying his sweetheart, got permission to do so. The ceremony took place at 10 a.m. on September 20\. He was guarded by two officers in plain clothes. Ashe returned to the prison he was accompanied by his wife, who, as the signal for their long separation came, fell into convulsive sobbing, whieh developed into hysteria. She fell to the ground, and wept despairingly. The fit lasted so long that a crowd gathered rouni, which could be dispersed only by the removal of the senseless woman under cover. Then the gates of the prison were shut, and the newly-married couple were parted. After an hour's attention she had not 'come to,' and she was laken helpless in a cab to her home. In a recent issue of ths ' Daily Mail,' F. Iredale pens the following in regard to the next Australian Eleven : 'Judging from precedents, there seems a likelihood of England seeing some nsw faces in the next Australian team. It is unlikely that the coming season will bring forth any great ' star,' who wonld force himself into the team, therefore we can assume that most of last year's men will be available. So far the following players have chances, viz : H. Trott, H. Trumble, A. E. Johns, J. Worrall, C. M'Leoi, C. Hill, E. Jones, J. Darling, S. Gregory, F. Iredale, J. J. Kelly, W. Howell, M. A. Noble, A. C. K. Mackenzie, and V. Trumper, There areXone or two players whose cricket was not of the beBt last year, but who may regain their form. If so, ihey may be chosen, viz, H. Graham and T. B. M'Kibbin. 