COMPLETE STORY. JptfBLJSTIED BY SPECIAL ABKAXOEKEXT. } WALTER WOOD, Author of .".Barrack and Battlefield," "A . Captain in the Fusiliers,'' ic.,' &c.; {copyright.] 1*1 HE GEN ER AIi'S I .* coming down to 9 inspect . ua in • a | day or two—a sort 9 of misprise visit," jr* said the colonel to tho senior major. "I'm afraid we're ai bit rusty." 1 " Then he'll polish ua np," returned the senior major, smiling. : "I hope he.won't1 make a raifttuko and; polish us off," oh-! served the jaaior'sub-I altorn, " "With great affability, wishing to; make himself agreeable I all round. :| Tho senior major's, smile vanished, and he stared hard at the j nnior. It was all very well for a field officer to make a little joke with 1hn colonel, bat that was no reason why tho I mere "boots" of the battalion should venture upon one. Subalterns were creatures to bear end profit by wbat their seniors had to say, and to offer their opinions on things when they were asked tor do so, and not :bcfore. '•♦The general," continued the senior major, still with a hard look-at 'tho junior, \- • who was glancing round to see how his little joke had fallen, and who was becoming ■ rather depressed by his scrutiny, "is a man :" who will by no possibility take any nonsense from anybody." ' The major glared, in expectation of some further remark by the junior; but the ~ - subaltern had seen a scowl on a comrade's face, and had heard from tbo comrade's lips a subdued hies and what sounded very much like •: " Shut hp."* He therefore kept silence, and •; the major had to look for other prey. "They toll me he's a hard man to please," j said the colonel, "and a fiend to make a| ■" battalion work. If that is so, he'll " make things hot for some of us." "Wo might do a worse thing," said the senior major, virtuously, "than improve the shimng hour between now andtlio timo of . the general's visit. There'll probably bo \- . several - things tbat some of us onght to look up,- and for my part, I shall not spare the •• midnight oil or- the wear, and tear of my intellect.". . , The' senior major was not without an \- element' of tho prig in him, and henever \- ahowed it more than nt a time like this. -He knew that, so far as ho was coucerned, there : was not a general officer in the army who was at all likely to trip him up over technicalities; v just as ho know that the'profesrional know ledge of his brother officers was at this par ! ticular stage at a low ebb. " The general asks most unlikely questions • aboutthomost unlikely things,"said tbo senior. : major, as ho prepared to go, "and it's as • • well to bo able to answer them. Now yon, \- Rowley, for instance, if ho asked you to .repeat the names of the . cavalry and the infantry- regiments in ; their proper order, .what would you do ? " ■ The junior shuddered at the mere' possi bility of it, arid said ho did not know* "I'm- certain I couldn't tell," said tlio . adjutant, coming to tho rescue of tho fallen ouc. "Nor I. Nor I," echoed theoecupants of the ante-room. " It's as simple as the alphabet," said the major, who did know ; " nud quite necessary to be learned, iu my opinion." Then he swaggered out. • ■'" Concoited ass!" muttered tho senior subaltern, as ho watched the senior major walk to his quarters; servo him right if he fell with his head on his spurs and let a little bit of his superfluous wisdom out." ^ Without troubling to consider the possi bility of such an act he turned to Rowley and Raid, "If I were you I'd get tho army list and wreatlo with the cavalry and infantry in order of precedence." " Then you can reel them off to the sonior major, and get him one in," said the adjut ant, with a smile. " If it's any use to you I can let you have a work on the stutute law relating to the army," said apale young man. who -affected a close acquaintance with the legal military works . published by authority. "And I can loan you a catalogue of the pathological specimens at Netley," said the surgeon, "then you'll have tho geueral safo on tho question of the human organs in an abnormul condition." " As to strategy and tactics," said a sub alteru, who spent his days in drawing up schemes on paper, and his nights in dreaming . About them, and who was the worst drill in •he battalion, "I can put you up to a thing or .two that would knock tho stuffing out of any general you could name." ' All this was playfulness ana buoyancy, of Bpirifc directed agaiust. Rowley,- who was the propcrandthenaturalbuttforit. "When,there . fore, tho junior iose slowly and said that he would not do these tbingB for the Commander in-chief' 'himself, much less tho general of a district, and walked, coolly out, men stared, and said nothing until he had got half-way across the parade;. • "* r" Rowley's a brick, - after all," said the adjutant,' admiringly. * , "He'llstand-or. full by what-ho knows, hnd won't open a' book before tho general cornea,. that I?ll warrant," said' the "senior subaltern, rather enviously.' - , " And he'll come out us well #as anybody, 1*11 guarantee," said the adjutant. "There's nothing like adopting the-tactics of Bror Rabbit at a time like this, if you've the nerve fo do it. Ho lay-low, and if we could do the same and not mix our senses and shake them up so that there'll bo no chance of shaking them down again within a reasonable period, we should impress tho general a lot more than wo shall when ho comes down to see " All the same," said the senior subaltern, "Ishallgoand-rub things up a'bit. It'll be just as well for some of us." He cast a meaning glance at the remaining juniors, and they took the hint and went meekly to their quarters, where they tried hard to learn something against time. - , Three days • after this the senior major •alked into the ante-room, looking vastly important. "The general," he said, " iscpra itig down to-morrow, and he's going to put us through our paces. Tho battalion will fall in at nine a.m., and heaven only knows when it will be dismissed. So for as u inustcr goes we couldn't have a finer. There won't be :a single man absent from the parade who isn't regimentally employed ;• and that'll go a long way to set filings right with the general, even if the drill isn't quite all itahould be. I happen toknow!"added themajor, andhe tried to look very much ns if someone hud told him. ' But no one hud. He had heard in pari and assumed in part. It was a glorious morning when' the bat talion fell in and "marched to tho Long Acre. The Long Acre was a wide stretch of greens ward upon which a single battalion could do many things. It was bounded on one side by the barrack- wall, and on the side opposite to this was the front garden , wall of the vicarage. The colonel walked down the lines and in spected the men, and when he had done so he returned to the senior major and said he thought the battalion would gladden the heart of a very fury; " There's positively only one man absent," he said, "and that's that drunken beast of a Wilton. But better let him he away soaking than be here half-sober and spoiling the drill I and the'look of things." "Far better," acquiesced the major.. "I don't know.what time the old fellow's expected here," contiuued the colonel, " but I at any rate he'll find us prepared. He'll be a little astonished, when ho visits tho bar-1 racks, to learn that we've been up and doing some time." It would be well to get the battalion to j work, wouldn't it?" suggested the sen... major. "Then'we shall nave got into trim « when the general comes. Even an- hour's J performance works wonders at u time like j this, and he can't very well torn up this side | of half-past ten." • . And so the battalion went to work, and : the space of an hour it had shaken all the looseness out of itself. The meu were - on their meltie, and were prepared to meet the oyo of any general without flinching. The battalion had done its duty nobly, and thes colonel knew it. .He was rather* tit himself, and assuming that the men also w« weary he commanded them to stand easy for j a while. The battalion thereupon fell into various isy attitudes, and men's eyes wandered to all parts of the Long Acre. For one thing, there were many womenfolk about, and it was pleasant to be .able to. shoot glances ut them and ask them by signs what they thought of the battalion's exhibition- gener ally. ' Suddenly the eye of the sergeaut-major became transfixed by an object near the viearage. He was an officious man was the sergeant-major, and he no sooner saw the j object than he hurried'up to the adjutant und: said in a low voice. i " Sir, the general's watching us from the corner of tho vicarage wall." The adjutant turned, his head cautiously, and from tho tail of his eye saw the cocked hat and frock cout of the great man of the district. " Ho's a wonderful power of vision, sir," said tho sergeant-major; " he cau see an un buttoned kersey half a mile off. He's got u marvellous heye." The sergeant-major coughed. He made a slip in his speech sometimes, and always knew it. Whenever ho slipped he coughed, and persuaded himself that the error lmd been so trifling us to be unnoticed. Tho cough was to cover tho retreat of the error; und in making it the scrgeaut-mujor prided himself on being extremely artful. "A marvellous eye," repeated the sergeant major, warily guarding his words; " and he can see ovory rnau in the ranks as plainly as I can see tho feathers in his own cocked hat." "Why does he sneak round in this way?" naked the adjutant, "and spy on our actions, instead of coining iu proper style and in specting us?" The sergeant-juiljor cleared his throat. Hero was an opportunity not to be missed. Tho adjutant had never seen tho new general,: nor had auy other officer In tho battalion, j He, the sergeant-major, had seen hira ; and1 ho, the sergeant- major, was going to rub the fact in liberally. "Thegeneral," said tho sergeant-major, having cleared his throat, "isjust a trifle liodd." Ho paused, and shot a glunco at the face .of the adjutant to see if ho had uotioed the slip. But the face,of tho adjutant was' wooden and impassive, and be showed ho sign j of recognition of the wandering aspirate. He] I was a man who took his enjoyment solemnly. : "Juwt a trifle eccentric," went; pn the ser : geant-major, and having got' the words out i safely ho assumed a look of defiant triumph. "Ojic of his. greatest pleasures is to. come down unpxpccted'and give a ridgimenta toasting.1' "Oh," said the adjutant. Yes,"''"proceeded the -sergeant-major,.; nettled somewhat' by;hls superior's coolness; j " a toasting—and a , bep pardon sir,, I'm sore, I meant'a hextra good toasting." The shadow of a smile flitted across the I adjutant's visage. Ihe sergeant-major saw I it, and condemned himself 'in/heated terms, but silently. ■ * j I've known him," proceeded the ser- i geimt-major, u stand against a wall for three hours at a time, watching a- battalion drill, and he's never moved/ It's a way he has, I being by nature playful. And I've known | bun stand there still and make no sign when, half a dozen men have fainted in the ranks." •Thesergeant-major was drawing* on his imagination, but - that, he reasoned, was of small moment, since no one in the corps would bo any wiser or the worse for it. " Just as he's standing now," went on sergeant-major, reflectively, * * hare I Mm stand—many a time and oft; but rather! moresoJ" There was another ghost of a smile on the adjutant's face, but the sergeant- major didn't sec it. He was too busy with his fancy. "It's tbogcneral's way to the life," said the sergeant-major. " He's" very free in his very i attitudes—not at all military, mostnegliggev, | in fact." • - * « "Ho certainly. does not, neglige, as you I say." said, the adjutant.. ."I Tho sergeant-major looked suspicious. • He had not used any such word. "Hot to say like a sack of coal with its back • broken," added the adjutant, and he walked oft towards the colonel. "This infernal mystery beats me," said the colonel, as the adjutant approached him. " What's your opinion of it ? " " It isn't ont of keeping with the character of a general," replied the adjutant. _ "They're a privileged body," interposed the senior major; "tnev can do no wrong. How if I lolled against a wall just as-the general is lolling, I should expect the bat talion to say hard things. Hot to put too fine a point upon it I should expect tbem to "say that T"was. under the inflneuce of liquor." "I don't know enough about the general of the district to be able to express au opiuion," said the colonel, "but judging from the spectacle which that amiuble old | gentleman against the vicarage wail presents, I should say he isn't in his right mind." " The sergeant-major says he knows the general's little ways perfectly," taid the adjutant. "He used to be in the regiment of which the general was co'.onel, and says he's one of the most extraordinary men alive. According to the sergeant-major the general always does this sort of thing with a new battalion." —— • j Thc colonel began to think he might be j judging the general harshly. After all, a i nmn might just as well watch the drill frum j a quiet sunny corner u« go fussing about the » ranks, mid interfering with everything and j everybody. ; " I'il show him." said the colonel, " that; he won't catch my battalion sleeping. Just put it throngh its "show paces, Harwcod." • . j The senior major went and did as he had been ordered. It took halt.an hour to put] the battalion through its show paces, for that | particubir performance included the manual,} and firing an'd bayonet exercises; aud by the j tirao the ceremony ended the men were in nil • evil jucod. Th?y were once more ordered to | staud easy, and were glad that this was so, : for it gave theui a chance to say what they j thought—and it was not flattering—about I generals as a body, and this general as an j individual. • While the men rested, the colonel, baffled { and incensed, wondered what he should do j next. . .1 The battalion bud been put through all it j knew. It had broiled aud sweated in the sun » for an honr, and yet the general made no sigu j of advancing or retiring. He still leaned | negligently against the wall, the tip of his ■ cocked bat tilted just over his eyes—done, the battalion supposed, to keep the sun out of j them. How he kept his position no one ! knew ; for lie looked every moment, as the j sergeant-major expressed it, "as if he'd-; shutter in a 'cap to tho hearth." ' " It's the.most extraordinary attitude that: ever mortal man adopted," said the senior, major to the commanding officer. " For a ' mun iu his high position it's most unseemly." ; " "When you become tho general of a dis trict," said tho colonel, " you can adopt any attitude you like, and no one can say anything against it. That's one of the advantages of the position. I've made u mistake in this wretched business. I ought never to have laid myself out to try and please him in this way. I feel strongly disposed to dismiss the parade and make out that Inever knew he was near. It's a horrible and dis gusting fix." "He mightn't like it if you did," said the senior major. "Likobe " The colonel checked him self, and asked imploringly, "Whatare.we to do ? How are we to get uear and have a chance of hearing what the wish ot the old ghoul is f" "Why not carry out the attack forma tion," suggested tho" major, who hud briliiuut notions at times. " The very thing!" exclaimed the colonel. " Why didu't I think of it before ?" "You can makethe general tho position to bo attacked," said tho major ftheii there'll be no question about his seeing we're here. We shall get to; the very nose of hira. He can't very well pretend not to'see ns if we storm the spot where he is, and carry it by assault." "You've a wonderful imagination,'-.' said I .the colonel/, delightedly; " that idea would | never have struck me even "if I'd been on parade all day." " I'm thought to have rather a fine fancy," said the. major'-complacently/-" bat, all tho same, it's very good of you to'say what you have said." . . • " By 'Jovei and: I Tmcaut "it," said; the colonel; enthusiastically, lavish of praise now that he saw. a way out of his difficulty. "You ought to be an actor or a writing fellow, with an imagination like yours." The- colonel meant "well, but the major happened to have a rather.low opinion of the dramatic and literary professions, and scarcely appreciated his chiefs compliment. Ho would have preferred being likened to a great strategist or tactician.' * Tho battalion carried.out the attack forma tion. It was a fine performance; the men entered into;the spirit of it, and if they had been firing l- ball ammunition the/ general would have been blown into many fragments. As it was he retained his position. He was unmoved, and all that happened was that the tip of his hat tilted a little more forward and shaded his eyes better. " The cunningest old fox on earth, said the sergeant-major./ " Makes believe not to see; to be asleep*; and all the time he's watching 11s with eyes like a lynx's. I wasn't under him for years without getting to know bis little ways. Just see bow he'll come to life when we charge." . The general did come to life, hut not quite as the men expected. The last volley had been fired, bayonets were fixed, and the battalion dashed fiercely on to capture the position. The men rushed forward with a rousing cheer. The general heard it, and raised his head at hist. Then to the unutterable amazement of the battalion his cocked list tumbled to the ground and the general did the same. The cheer died away, and the battalion baited without being ordered. The colonel, with a strong foreboding of evil, rode forward, and halted a few yards away from the general. Then the mystery was explained. As the truth flashed upon him the colonel felt a strong temptation to shout with laughter, hut the eyes of the battalion were upon him, and discipline mnst be maintained. " Take the drunken beast to the guard room !" he said, and four men fell out and conveyed Private Wilton at the "Prog's March " to his place of retirement. '•'March the battalion back to the parade and dismiss it, Harwood," said the colonel, and the senior major did so. "What puzzles me is," said the colonel, as he sat in the ante-room with Harwood, con soling himself with a whisky and soda, " where didhe get the hat and coat ?" "Nothing easier," answered Harwood. He wont and borrowed them at the regi mental theatre. He was just drunk enough iQjnix things nicely up, and make a-£ses"of everybody.'*" ~' " It isn't a bad joke," said the colonel, his eyes twiukling and his lace relaxing. " By dove! How we shall laugh about it in years to come "And how the general will laugh about it to-raorrow I" said Harwood. " Wliat of the sergosuit-roajor?" asked the adjutant. t The colonel and the senior major laughed, and the colonel said, "Leave him and Wilton to settle the matter between them, then jus tice will be done all round." 