TO THE BDIT&K; KALGOORLIE MINER. Sir. — In your issue of yesterday, July 7, under the heading of ' Boulder Sanitation,'] Fimister's Block is referred to in Feveraa instances, and mention is also made of ' e baker's shop being in full operation in th midst of horse manure and a heap of decay . ing bones.' To the casual reader it would appear as being our bakery, seeing it is the only one on Fimister's Block. We have asked the Mayor of the Boulder if it refers to ours, and he says it does not. We cannot see why they should lay themselves open to make such prominent mention of Fimister's Block. If it is in such a terrible state as they represent, what is the sanitary inspector doing to allow its existence ? — We are, etc, T. H. DUNSTAN & CO. Fimister's Block, July S. A correspondent writes to an English paper : — Mysterious noises, which are said to occur nightly at Bayhall Manor House, on Lord Camden's estate at Pembury, a . small village on the outskirts of Tunbridge Wells, have caused intense excitement for miles round. The old manor, with its moss grown, roof, its broken doors and windows, its old moat, can be traced back to the reign of King Johu. For several weeks past per sons residing in the immediate neighbour hood have been startled by unearthly noises and groans, and many villagers have been heard to declare that they have seen ghostly figures walking about. Such has been the sensation caused in Tunbridga Wells that a number of well- known gentle men have visited the house and heard what they believe to be ' true spirit noises.' The investigators were armed with heavy sticks, and for upwards of an hour awaited the first sound which was to signalise the presence of ghosts. According to the story told by one of them, they were straining eye and ear, when suddedly a noise, like the dragging of some heavy body across the floor, broke the silence of the night. One or two of the explorers were paralysed with fear, but the rest were sufficiently courageous to enter the house. In the cellar below there was a succession of thuds, followed by groans, and the result was that the party beat a hasty retreat. Visits have been paid to the house by other parties, who have reported the groans as terrible. Meanwhile the vil lage is besieged daily ty visitors from all parts of the county, and several men have been posted round the ruins to prevent damage being done. Wolfe's, the only real Schnapps. Buy bottles intact? The name is on every bottle* Swiss Milk is the Best ; see that you get NESTLE'B BraEd.* 