SILAr REDFERH'S DIS- APPEARANCE. Tbj mysterious disappearance of oil Bilu tledfcrn wu a aerioua matter for Mamie. (She had been too loving a niece and too unBopbistiwtei a girl to indulge io any sordid speculation. asto when faeruncie's money was likrly to beoome bait 6iu believed that ail be left brrbiid liiuvwould be hen Mae da;, as in the ordinarycouree of nature be ought to die many yean before ahe did. Though he waa the most notorious old akin-flint in that part of the country, he waa her uncle and the only living relative, ahe bad. Bo Mamie felt it to be tier dpty to Jove him and tried bar utmost to do so, and - io a degree she stiecceded. But bb for money, and hiB money especially, it interested bar about aa much as the price of elates or steel nils anywhere on the PaciBc slope, • Indeed, it waa not until her nnole bad dtsapprared that the word 11 money " oame to hare any nal aigniBcanoe to Mamie Rrdfern. It was when ahe found herself alune io Firdale Hall, with • maid looking to her for every, thing, and Bart Fresher, the single labourer her ancle bad .kept about the plaee, wanting eleven shillings aa a iuU week's wagea lawfully due to him, that Uamie awakened. She positively bad not a shilling. Bhe nerer had bad money. Living there at the aid Ball, ahe never bad wanted any. All things that were needful for her, her uncle had provided. They tad oome in proper coarse, and Mamie bad grown up in that strong faith of childhood which disposes pf all difficult! bs of ' ways and tneaoa with the.confident affirmation " Father will pay," or " Uccle will pay." Uamie rememliered when her affirmation had taken the Ant form, but for seven yean past it had taken the last. Bhe had lived with her nnole for suns years, And now that he had gone, abe was mistress ol Firdale, and poorer than lier •laid, wbo had received a month's wsgsa throe weeks before. Her unole bad disappeared without leaving any olne as to his whereabouts. Uamie bad been spending the-day witb Lena Brlfleld at Whitethorn Lodge below the village. Fordyee, her maid, bad gone out towards tbe olne of the afternoon to make some puichaaaa. When ahe left, her master, 8il« Redfern, was walk ing up and down tbe path which led from the back of the Hall to the road, apparently absorbed Io some matter of importanoe. Bat it was so ordinary a oircumatanoe for klm to walkabout tbe Hall apd grounds with that pre-occupied air, that Fordyoe thought nothing of it, bat went oo her rnjr towards the village. That was tbe last that was sera or Silas Bed' fern alive. Every effort to discover him, living iff dead, bad hitherto failed. It was now five months eince be had disappeared. There was no «ri< dence of bis death, and there was no reason to suppose that he had made away witb himself. And what deepened the mystery surrounding bis disappearauoe was tliat no will or papers bearing upon tbe Firdalo Ball estato could be found. Every room and box and dnwer was ftansscked, but no psper of legal value waa diB' covered. Uamie kui-w that he bad bad paok- •ges of documents. He bad been in the babit of spending hours with thorn in a little room yvhich opened into his bedroom on tbe first Door. There were three largo trunks and writing desk in this room,and Uamie was under Vile impression that her uncle had kept tbe napors in the trunks. But when they came to examined they irero found to contain rob- >ish, warn-out clothing, and old bed coverings !vbicli were dropping to pieces from old age. {There was not a vestige of pa|ier or parohment |in any ol them. Not only hsd Silas Redfern disappeared, t>ut his papers bad disappeared, too. j Everyone believed that be was dead, but all )rifort> to discover his body had proved fruitless. Under the close scrutiny to which Fordyee was t-ubjeotod, the girl was seised witb an ungovernable terror The iiless of death, or murder, of Viekuown horrors filled ber witb dread. Bbe hi came hysterical, aad refused to stay another flight iu Firdsle Hall. Her fear was contagious, ^flaraio quickly caught it, and was consumed Vy a senso of indescnbablo borron. Bhe, too, llcolsred that she could notremain longer at the jHall. It seemed to bo haunted by a legion of evil spirits which pervaded its veryalmos- pbere. Bo Thomas - BelBeld, Lena Bolflrld'a at her, touk pity on her, and took Mamie her- f •elf to Whitethorn Lodge to epend a few weeks with Lena, and to see wbst Time would reveal Though a pcrfrot innocent as regards money snatlers and tbe affairs of business life, Mamie itedfern was oneof the most popular girls for miles rouud. Bhe was sixteen,as vivaoious as a spring braze, aud tbe mischievous member of the Firlate tennis club. There were, at least, three fellows or the dob o who bad designs on Mamie, but the only one who found her at all responsive was W alter Marston, the eon ef a rusticating ironmerchant. As ,soon aa Walter began r to - pay serious attention to ber, it wu W patent to everyone that be was the first and f only ravourite. Tbe other two suitors accordingly stood off like honourable men, and left Mamie to Walter. And from that time the t w village looked upon her as properly appropriated. Those wbo were intimate with Walter ."Marston congratulated him upon his good fortune in having scoured Maqiie. Those who were not intimate with him envied him and said tbat some people were " alway* in luck's • way. ° No one was more oonoerned over Bilas Red- 'fera's disappearance than Walter Manton. It caused bim many a eleepleas aigbt,and the private inquiries he instituted cost him a considerable amount of money. He saw the awkward position in which the disappearance of . Mamie's undo and the family papers had left her. He determined, therefore, that no trouble or expense he oould oommaad should be spared In the effort to clear np the mystery. Walter and I bad long been fast friends. Our tastes were dike, and as our booses were not far apart we were frequently fouad at eaoh other's abode. Besides, there was an attraction for me at The Rowtas, tbe home of the Marstons, which would bave accounted for my frequent presence there had Walter been in tbe Antipodes. He had a very engaging sister, whose name wu Alice, and by common gossip Alice Manton and -1 were to be united in holy matrimony. Be tbe truth of tbat what it mjght, . I confess having bem witb Alioe Manton in tbe conservatory at The Rowans one lovely evening in July. Bbe had taken me in to look at a Tine whiob, under ber attention, had become one of the finest in tbe district. I bad properly admired the delicate plant, and paid Alioe every permissible compliment for bringing it into each a remarkably hedthy and prolific state, when our conversation turned upon Uamie Bedfern and tbe disappearance of her uncle. ' I noticed that Alios laid down tbe light pair of shears she bad takes up, and thai ahe Suddenly stood still, looking very grave. . " What's the matter, Alice f" J.said, startled by the change wbich'had come over her. ";Glem I. So .you;know what I think about it P*' .She spoke Very deliberately., " What, Alice 1"' I Was all attention. 1 believutbat Mr. Redfernis somewhere in thathouso.^Ifb^iwdniBaeaWjyjm^hiuisell. outside, they would have found him. He'eln the bouse. I fed sure of it." • . *' Wbst makes you tbink so. Alloc F". "I'*e thought so for -a mostly new. One night last .wock I .was dreaming about Mamie and tbe Hdl. I dreamt that I aaw Mr. Bedfern I tome twice V) the window ol the llttli WMH at I 4>esouth corner. Be bepkonifl to meand then pointed with his right hand." "Pointed I How P Where >" I gasped. . " Towards the other-side;" towards tie middle of tbe house over the front'entreifce. I saw him aa plainly u I see yon. I'm sure be is somewhere in there. D:re you go in and see, Clem P" " Dare IP Aye, a hundred times. But the place hu been* ransacked very nearly'that," I said, excited by what Bhe bad told me'. 1 turned tbe matter over in my mind, and recalled every circumstance which had oome to light 'bearing upon Mr. Red Fern's movements np to tbe time of his disappearance. Tbe more 1 thought over it the more strange it seemed to me that, if dead, bis body should not have been fouud. There was no deep water anywhere within three miles of Firdale Hall. There were five pita which served u watering plaoss for oattle, aad these had all been carefully dragged. Tbe police were satisfied tbat Mr. Red fern's body was not in any of tbem. Bo tbat everything pointed to him being above ground either alive or dead; yet op to tbat time there had not been a single clue discovered aa to his whereabouts, Tbe more Ithought of it, the more reasonsblu did Aiine's supposition beoome tbat the missing man wu still, in bis own house. I determined that I would tell Walter Marston what his siBter bad said and ask him to join me thorough exploration ef Firdde Hdl. " By jove I leok at that now 1 Tbe very same thought bu been haunting my mind for a fort' night past,". Walter explained, " when I told him of Alioes suspicion. S» he fell In eagerly with' my proposal to explore' tbe Hall, and we arranged tD do so on the following morning. Firdale Hall wu a plain, substantially-built place standing in its own grounds, about 200 yards from a road which led into the main road a little to the south of Firdale village. A row of trees shielded tbe upper part of the Hall from observation,and left its only architectural feature io view from the road. This wu a pillared portieo before tbe front entrance, which served to rdieve the monotony of the plaia red brick front. Except for the singing of the birds, tbe place wu as still u tbe grave wben Walter and I walked up to tbe front door. We bad quite five mlnutsa' fumble eaoh before we could get the rusty key properly into the lock, front door bad not been opened for nearly three months. Old Un. Corkhill, who spent two dayaeaoh week in the bouandusting and attend' ing to tbe furniture, usad a small side door to enter and leave. We, however, decided tbat WB would onter by tbe front, u we thought the place would be all the sweeter to ourselves if we set the lsrge front door wide open to admit thv air. Bow still everything wu I Not as much as the seratobing of a mouse could be beard aa we stood in the first room on tbe ground floor. For a mument we remained perfectly motionless, paying a kind of involuntary deference to the plane which bad been the home of Mamie Redfern. Tbe old picturee upon the walls were too faded for their SQbjeota to be distinguishable, for Bilu Redfern wonld u soon have thought of giving his life u of spending money upon furbishing np what he regarded u useless inpumbrancee. He bad not placed them there, but many atimohehad bemoaned tbe folly of those wbo had squandered good money over doing so. We went through tbe house from ground floor to rosf. Every room we oould find wu carefully examined.and every box or article of furniture which could have contained u muob as the body of a child ww subjected to a scrutiny so thorough that we would have risked our lives Upon its completeness. There was one thing which hsd sent a chill through me the moment we reached the top of tbe Btsin leading to the first floor. I had detected a peculiar odour wbioh my mind immediately associated with the body' of Bilu Redfern. Walter did not notice it, so I put it down to fancy. Our search was fruitless. 1 proposed tbat we should go qutaide again and take another good look at the house. Walter readily assented, eo we went to the ball and then out by the front door, which we bad left open. Wistood baokon tbegrassbeyond the gravel walk to obtain a better view of tbe frontage. " Alice said that in her dream be came twice to tbat windnw, and pointed to tbe middle of tue bouse over the front entranoe,"! remarked, as we stood vainly looking for some due, That wmld mean somewhere about the stairs," Walter auwered, knitting bis brews as if tbinldpg hard. " The stain, eh I There might be something in tbat Let us go and have another look round," I said, a vague, uneasy feeling coming ver me. We went from bottom to top «f the bouse, and examined every landing, with the aamo esult u before, " Wdl, we may give it up u a bad job," said dter, as we alowly oama down on to the fint loor landing, I had just, stepped on to the landing, and urned to go along to tbe fint flight of stain. I u on the point of assenting to Walter's ret d m a mark, when my eye caught sight of something wbioh aroused my curiosity. It had never struck me before, and Walter had evidently not yet noticed tbat between tbe wall and tbe stsirs we had just come down and the nearest w^ of the room which stood next to tbe stairs on that side, there wu a short length of wall measuring about four feet and forming the aide of tbe landing. '•»» 1 It oseurred to me tbat I had never seen anything in the room on dtber aide of the stain corresponding with the abort wall, nor yet with the width of tbe atain themselves. I should bave expected to find a deep doset or a small room under tbe stain, but I oould not recall having seen a trace of either. Here; come baok I There's something I'm nut satisfied about," I said, turning back to tbe room beyond tbe stsire. I examined tbe wall olosely. It had an old paper on wbioh wu onbroken. There wu no indication of any room or reoess running under tbe stairs on tbat side. I went back along the landing into tbe room on the other aide of the stairs. It, too, was papered. I ran my hand over tbe side nearest tbe stain, but found nothiag - to excite suspicion. The paper was intaot, and the wall seemed firm enough when tapped by my knuckle. " Wh»t on earth are you after P" Walter uked. He bad looked on blsokly while I passed my hsnd over tbe paper of the wall. " See," I said. " From the far side of the atain to this wall is about seven feet. The wall runs that way about twelve feet. What's io between tbe two walls f" "Tbe stairs," he answered, simply. ' " Nonsense 1 They don't take np a .third of it. There's apace.' They don't build taelvaby-seven of aolid bricks, I want to know what's iu thero," I add, excitedly. We went backwards and forwards from one room to tbe other, but ao traca of an aperture coold we .find or Uny mirk whicb would indicate a possible opening. Here was a mystery, but .one I was determined to aolve if I had to bring in workmep to break'th'rongb tbe^wiill. ' We went up the stain and along the upper lauding, but still there was no trace perceptible of any opening .I .was more than ever «on'- vinced, though, that under, and beyond these stain layenougb apace to form a smallchamber, and I meant to get into it sumnhow. I was on the point of leaving tbe place with thefc intention of bringing back a brioklayer, when an idea occurred.to me. Going 1o<tbe top of the atain. I came dowly down back- wards, gruplng eaoh step as I came, and trying' to ra>se or dislodge it. Net a step moved. I got to the bottom and grasped tbe edge of the lowest step. I wu exasperated at the failure of my last aobeme, and gave a vindictive tog at the woodwork. To my consternation, half of ib'e flight of stain seemed to disappear, and I fell forward into a yawning cavity where an instant before the stain had been. Walter eaw me fall and heard my shout, and tried to drag me back, but* tbe momentum I had attained through the' jerk I bad givea at tbe.step oarried me away from bim Before be oould make a aeoond gnb at me I bad struck a floor, but, beyond the feding of tie sharp concussion, I was nahurt. I rose quickly to my feet and looked before me. I wu in a narrow and dimly-lighted room. Looking round I saw that the stairway was still open, and that Uie lower half of the stain wu somehow auspended upwards. "Come in; there's a good floor; we (ball find something here," I sald to Wdter. He stooped and osme in to where I stood. Tben we slowly advanoel towards the end of tbe chamber, "»..—•*-> --r — • We bad ooly made three eteps forward when we simultaneously stopped and grippi' each other. At the eod of the chamber stood a huge chest* the massive lid cf which we oould see waa raised about three inchea. . In front of the chest, kneeling by it, wu a human form, its head and shonlden being hidden by tbe heavy lid whiob had elosed down upon tbem. One glance sufficed to oonvince us tbat the mystery of Bilu Redfern's disappearance was solved. We knew that the kneeling form, trapped, u it were, by the ponderous lid of the chest before us, wu tbe mortal remains of Mamie's unde. — We advanced to the chest and raised the lid. -Then we drew back tbe distorted form, crooked like tbe letter B and rigid u steel. It fell heavily on to tbe boards with a thud whicb nearly unnerved us. Tbe chest wu one of the massive oldfubioned structures of heavy,irou bands, bolts, and solid osk, suoh u are met witb in old oountry churches u depositories of parish rolls and registers. It wu nearly bdf full of documents, and contained three smsll bsgs in which were £297 in gold. ' Everything wu clear u we looked at tbat huge box and then at tbe crooked form betore us,Tbe room wu tbe spaco under the stain and between the other two rooms.Tbe ooly entrance wu that by which we bad come. To enable it to be used, tbe lower part of tbe atain bad been made to raise upward, ' a counterpoise being attached at the upper end beyond the bar wLi:h served u a pivot for it to swing upon. It waa tbia couoterpoiie which caused tbo steps 'to remain suspended in tbe air after I had first jsrked them up. Buch light u there wu in tbe room came down from a little barred window in the baok wall of tbe bouse, whicb we afterwards foond wu hidden from outside observation by a akdeton pigeon-cote without a roof being auspended in front of it, but sufficiently far from the glass to allow the light to enter. ~ All the deeds of tbe Redfern properties were found arranged witb scrupulous oare in the chest we had discovered. Bilu Redfern bad used tbe chamber u bis secret room, and bad evidently taken tbe opportunity of Mamie and Fordyoe being away from the house to enter it for tbo purpoee of examioing eome of tbe papen or of adding mora gold to bis rtore. Tbe iid bad evidently fallen down upon him and stunned him,-and he bad flunk forward into the chest to be held by tbe orud grip of tbe lid until death first, and then we, released him. Mamie was legally entitled to everything. Neither ahe nor Fordyoe had any knowledge or suspioion of theexistenseof the secret chamber, and what we told tbem abont it mado it impossible for either of them to live again in Firdde Hall. In twelve months Walter Marston led Mamie to the altar.and then took her to tbe new house balr-a-mile below The Rowaos, where Fordyee joined ber again. - • - Firdale Hall remdoed untenanted,' and gradually sank into doeay. It is now used u s granary and for stabliog, and tbe simple folk of the district aver tbat at times a figure may be seen at the ruined window at tbe south corner, and that it is the ghost uf 