TERRIBLE BOMfBG ICCtDEUT, A SYDNEY M \ N FALLS ON A HOT STEAM-PIPE IN A BATH: HIS FJJESH ADHERED TO THE PD.'E LIKE A STEAK TO A FRYING? AN. AN AWFUL SIGHT. W hile in a, bath in Pitt-street, a Mr Jarvis had the misfortune to slip, and fall on the hot water pipes, an d before he crald be rescued he was scalded and turned in a terrible vray. The shock of the burning and the E&U; proved to be very disastrous for Mr Jarvis, and for a number of years after he was a confirmed invalid, safleriug terribly from locomotor ataxia and other forms of paralysis. A few month ago, however, reports began to be circulated in the neighborhood that air Jarvis was getting round again, and that WltfliiH its apparently malady. It was on account of these rumors that a special reporter from the Sydney Worker was despatched to get all information regarding same, and one afternoon he made his way to his house, 45 Crownlane, Ultimo. Mr Thos. Jarris was discovered nursing a two-year-old baby, and his face declared him one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still a few marks of a critical illness and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid no more. In reply to the preliminary questions he said:—" Yon want to know all about my case ? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who were stricken as I was." " How long were you suffering ?" " Well twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago next Christmas I met with an accident ; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt- street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gra- dual development of the malady, I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." " What were the symptoms ?" " Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for aU the world like as if a saw were cntting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nui&anceto; myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions." " Did you make use of the order ?" No ; I came home and went to bed, and have been in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I conld not walk across the floor ; in fact, I conld not get out of bed. I felt that it was aU over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion thtft C wras suffering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spina! chord, characterized by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy Ja ahow that medical opinion is not iiifHlliaia^ltta, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at the idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure efiected- iu the case of another boiler- inpker in England, which I read-in the Australian Workman, by Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The efiecfc was as marvellous as it was magical, I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. Ton see those crutches there ? They are perfectly new and I have never used than. They were made for me before I got Dr Williams' Pink Pills, but Iwasioo weak to use them, and now I don't want them." He is a 100 per cent better," said Mrs Jarvis. 'who had come in and taken the babv on her kneas. " The Dr Williams 5 Pink Pill! for Pale People have saved his life, and made another man of him." A friend who called in at this point said that Jarvis locked ten years younger that day. than he did a fortnight previous. 1 " I can'now," continued Jarvis, "We I' ;i't»ld<ba£b, and all the feel- ing has come bade into my legs. I ascribe aU the change and benefit to Dr Williams' Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pun now, whatever, anc^feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium atid morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about agatn has caused quite a sensation out here." Such is this remarkable history, and it confirms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this country of the astonishing care wronght by Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as .anaeuiia, pale and sal low complexion, general museu lar j*uenJaiuj»ar indigusitiuu, -iosa of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, etc. Mr J. S. T. M'Gowen, leader of the Labor Party in the N.S.W. Legislative Assembly, was seen by our reporter in connection with the remarkable case of Thomas Jarvis. Mr M'Gowen says he has known Jarvis from infancy. He also knew that he had to give up his work at Glebe Island abattoirs twelve months ago owing to the malady which he developed. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was bed-ridden, and that there was little chance of his recovery. He undestood Jarvis was refused admission to Sydney Hospital, as his case has been pronounced incurable. Mr M'Gowen was therefore, like everyone else who knew the facts, astounded at the complete recovery of Jarvis. These wonderful pills are obtainable from leading chemists, or from the Dr Williams' Medicine Co., Flinders-street, Melboure who will forward, post paid, on receipt of stamps or post order, one box for 2s 9d., or half a dozen for los 3d. See that the genuine Dr Williams' are gotten. 