m^?',\^- x&rfi;&w;\ H l&f;*^ CHAPTER XTX THEY BOTH HAVE THSTfk SSOBITft. The time came when Pinnie could moT» around the house, and he fretted not a tit tle ok to his future course. It never occurred to him, or his friends, that he would return to the school. At that institution there was little change. The Tiger never Inquired for the boy, he may possibly have known— the means of knowing such things at the com mand of this wealthy Spaniard were far s'towi '«u vutuj injB&o;&bcu; uy ^ne ciijy secret service; and it was an exceedingly curious fact— as stated by the chief of police — that Spanero had gone on to the Chamber of Commerce once, as a total stranger, and mode a small fortune. He sold ''futures' in consols. Three days after, a sailing packet came with the news that consols had drop ped to such an extent that Spanero reaped a great harvest. It was secretly understood that in some way Spanero was interested in certain foreign governmental affairs, but not tbe slightest clue could be obtained as to the nature of this interest. These weeks were not without events. The mau who kept the restaurant from wbenoe the Tiger's meals were brought, had a little private office In the rear corner. This small room was noticeable on account of its bareness, the furniture consisting of two fragmentary chairs. And that was all. The walls were not plastered, but ceiled. It hod but one window, and that was un usually high and small. If there were any place to store things in this little den it must have been in tbe wall by 'secret panel, for not even a box rested upon the floor. There was a door leading into the restaur ant, and another opening to tbe alley at the rear. These doors are trimmed with spring locks, both opening from within. The restaurant was peculiar in that it did not seem to have, nor seek, a regular custom. Very few who dropped in accidentally re peated the accident. There was a waiter and he was deaf. The cook room was a rear ruoin in the next building, connected by a swing door. This side of the square ex tended'into the disreputable district, a sort of thieves' quarters. Every city has such sections, aud usually in close proximity to tbe respectable city. In this building a part of the history we are narrating transpires. Atl o'clock in the morning, two of the most interesting characters it will ever be our misfortune to meet occupy the grimy and insecure chairs mentioned as tbe furniture of the private room. One of these was the proprietor of the restaurant. His round, lumpy head and high bare forehead were surmounted with a closely cropped covering of hair — a style not at all in vogue at that time. This man was probably forty-fl ve years of age. The face was brood and bromi, leathery, and lines rather than wrinkles crossed it, out lines of passion and sensuality. But his mouth was not thick and animal, on tbe contrary it was thin, somewhat broad, and intensely determined. If the reader has in mind a picture of Spanero, let this individ ual be the contrary in feature. He was un der bight, but stoutly built. His clothing was of dark gray stuff, old and greasy, and bis hands clumsy and repulsive. He was a powerful man and a character. A candle was flaring in the room on a chimney cornice, and cast an unhealthy and unfavorable light upon this person and his companion. Tbe latter was gaunt, tall and angular. Chest sunken, bald bead, always covered by a consumptive- looking old wreck of a cap; he was of ashen-gray countenance, large, red- streaked eyes. When he moved, bis limbs moved only. His nose was slight ly Romanized, and bis teeth were waiting for the dentist of the future. He was a spore, repulsive-looking creature, whom you would rather not meet in the night without your club and a reliable dog. And yet, when he spoke, you listened to a soft, kindly voice— a voice which you would say you had heard before; and you would ransack memory to find the owner of the original— among all the gentlemen you had met in the pa^t. On bis feet were sheep skin shoes, with wool left on the bottoms. The gaunt, thin-faced man bad a bad, graveyard cough. 'I dunna see, Stub, what ye do wi' that cough whin ye Ye oot, mon!' said the short man, whose name, so far as Boston culture oould inform us, was 'Speters.' 'What would I be doing with anything that I didn't wont?' ' Wbut wud uny mon be doon wi1 it— wha, man, yud shut it up.' 'Yes, I do 6hut it up — and with this!' said Stub, his lank face and large eyes aglow as he brought forth a small rial filled with pellets. ' Un whut mut it be (hut ?' asked BpaterB. 'That is tbe God that I worship. I am safe when tbat is with me, and in danger when it is not.' 'Un it doon't luk like opum.' 'But it comes from opium,' replied Stub, 'so they tell me, and it works mighty quick, too, for in ten minutes I feel it tiugle, and in twenty it puts iron iu my blood.' 'But, mon, it will killthoo.' 'Can't do it too soon, Speters, I would not mind that, but the ghosts while I ' live!' 'You're craoken in yor ooper story— un you bettor luve it aloon,' ? 'I believe you, Speters. I met a pair of lovers the other night, and in my mind was a dream of what took my child from me years ago— and I looked up, and sure enough there was my child what was drowned— as big as life, just as I dreamed.' 'Tbut shoos taut ye wont last much long er.' 'Your right again, for, upon my soul. I saw before me my own picture, as I was a squid banging to my mother's apron stringB in old Cambridge.' 'Yudid? And wbut did ya say to yer Belff' asked Speters, with a grin which call ed up the idea of a graveyard. 'I didn't say a word to myself. I looked at myself and myself looked at mel and upon my soul if myself didn't faint awayl' . ' 'Urr we doon't blame myself for that,' sug eested Snetors. 'Df ANOTHER MOMENT THE TWO MEN WEBB DIGUING IN A PASS AGE WAV TBE DIREO TION OP WHICH WASTOWABD TBE FOD1JD A.TION OF TEE ' SCHOOL BUILDING,' ' 'But what had I to do with it! If it was a lod, why should he tumble over!' 'Sure an' wouldn't yer dooty ldll a man at cloBB quarters!' Stub opened his thin jaws and took a pill into his mouth, and smacked his lips. 'It was a ghost, Speterg— I know them, there was no one there.' 'An' yur not afraid uv urn!' ' 'Afraid, man! Why man, what cares « man who has nothing to live for! Live for what I get! No, Speters, no, there is no fear to a man wbo dont care when he tum bles off tbe wharf.' 'Why don't you tumble yourself oftT said Spoters. 'Because I haven't killed a Spaniard yetl' replied Stub. 'Hev a caro, Stub,' said the other, with a heavy frown. 'Hev a care about the Spun yard. Our mon be a Spunyard.' 'And I knew that, too— or I wouldn't bave been here.' And so the interesting twain sat and talk ed for a quarter ot an hour Inuger. It is not hard to see that Stub has been a man of parts. Hii language has but a slight mix ture of dialect, and even at this time accent and pronunciation pointed to no inconsider able culture. The thieves vocabulary had not yet been invented. But the language of Speters was still more, of a puzzle— simply because bis dialect was strained, and evi dently a poor attempt to reach the North England type. With all the depravity evi dent in the make up of Stub, there was no question but that Speters was the most des perate villain of tho two. A peculiar knock was heard on tbe outer door, a key was thrust into the lock, and the Tiger entered. He glanced at Stub a moment, and tun ing to Speters, said: 'Is this the man!' 'The man' had bis cold, steel-gray eyes en the Tiger. It was not the glance that be hod before cast upon a supposed ghost. It hod something of strength in it. He took another pill. 'This is tlio mun,' replied Speters. 'And bos he done bis work to-night!' 'Befoor wo ahnsvrer thut, cap,' said the short, stout villain, bringing his small, ser pent eyes upon the Tiger, 'we will talk uv soointhing ulse.' 'Well, talk of what you want to, but get off from tbat brogue and do your practicing on the devil.' 'Tbat is all right, sir; but tbat Is not what I have to my,' returned the villain, changing his method of speech. 'If you bave anything you wish to say be fore this man; go ahead.' 'It is before this very man,' said Speters, Eulleuly. Spanero walked across the floor, a heavy frown resting upon bis face. 'Drive on,' bs muttered. 'All I have to say is a devil of a little. It is that we want to know the bilk in the glitter for us.' ' 'Have you not been well paid for your services!' 'Noo, we ha' noot' 'Don't you get this d d croak's nest for nothing?' said Spauero. 'Whut o' that! Hev ye not crooked the bilk o' thousands here theeselT' 'Do 1 not pay you well for running this cookshopi' 'An hev ye not yer oon spun in tbe dish I' 'Well, out with it, man,' sputtered Span ero, still walking back and forth. 'If you have anything to say, let it out.' 'And I hev this to say, captain: 'If that ere coop is busted next week, be will hev his thoord, and me will bev my thoord, and ye will hev yoor thoord— and that is all there be to it'' 'And if you dont get a fl' put note!' 'Then pard on' me won't divide it up wi' ye.' Spanero took this all very coolly. He waited a moment and then drew a silver mounted pistol from his side coat pocket one of the long-barreled, flint-lock weapons — took his handkerchief and polished the barrel as he said: 'Speters, we will have no words about this jo. You will do as I direct, and no gruinbl. 3, either. If you make me trouble I will put a bullet into your head, and if you spout I will have you hung to the bridge within an hour by a mob — do you under stand?' 'No, I don't,' returned the other. 'Do you want me to explain?' asked Span ero, bringing the pistol to bear upon Spe ters' face. During this somewhat interesting proceed ing Stub, who apparently was not acquaint ed with Spanero, sat with his chin on his breast and his eyes closed. He did not raise his lids even under the inspiration of a possible row or even murder— such is a man nerism of the criminal class. Kor did Speters blink. In a cold, icy tons be replied : 11 Spanero, if you play me foul, as you have another, you will be shaken out in an hour and your rookeries burned to the ground. Put up tbat nonsense— I am not a raid of ye.' 'This weayon, Speters, is quicker tban a knife, and I propose to stop this grumbling at ouce and for all.' 'You do?' said Speters, sharply. 'Else there will be war between us.' 'Then it will be war,' replied the thickset man carelessly, throwing one leg over the other. 'Speters is a beautiful name, isn't itt Now, you have not told this man here your otber name. He looks like a gentleman be side you, and I don't think you area fit mar for bun to associate with. Shall I introduce you to him?' 'Look out, Spaniard,' said the villain arousing himself. 'You kill me, Speters, at your leisure; and when I die a letter will be opened at po lice headquarters of this city which will set every one of these cursed new-fangled tele graphs in motion. Do you know what they will say!' asked tbe Tiger, fastening bis gray eyes on the leathery face before htm. 'No. What's it all aboot, anyhowF 'Well, it's about summoning every spy, detective and officer in this couniry to in stant duty.' 'It would!' 'And then a United States clipper cruiser - would go to Frauce to warn the continent and ISngland.' 'And what for!' 'To hang you,' said Spanero. Tbo villain raised his eyes to the Span lard's face, and they looked at each other steadily for a moment. Then Speters let fly ! a single word: 'Hell!' 'Yes, they want to find an assassin— one wbo kills princes and breaks up crown jew els— seer Like a snake uncoiling after a fright, the tense muscles of Spoters loosen and his knit brow relaxes. Then be says moodily. , 'What will they do with the principal In ! that little affair!' . I 'He will be dead. You will have killed him.' 'Spaniard, put up tbat pistol. Have your own way.' Spanero put it out of Eight and moved to tie door. 'Speters, Pinnie is still at tbe lawyer's house. I want either you or this man to cook him.' Spanero withdrew and closed the door; but immediately opened it again, thrust in his head and said: 'The notice has gone to headquarters that If Mr. North brings funds with him from Philadelphia be had better take it to his house, and keep the business office under full guard.' He then withdrew. Speters looked up and said: 'Stub, what makes your eyes so bright!' Tho fact was that Stub was sitting up at straight as a militia colonel, his eves bril i llontand Us cheeks aflame. 'It's the cough medicine!' 'Was there something about Spanero that brought out the pills!' 'Y»-,' replied Stub, 'But I don't know what it was.' 'Then you don't know this hell brat!' 'No.' 'It is well; but did you gat into the bouse?' 'Yes. I entered two of the rooms.' 'You're a oat.' 'I inspected all the lighted rooms from the outside and from tlie projecting windows. Two of the dark rooms I entered by a largo chimney, in which there had been no fires for a long time.' 'Wonderful! Did you locate the muni ment room!' 'Yes, and can get Into it without breaking a wall or a lock.' 'Give it to us easy, Stub.' 'I' faithl speak tbo truth. Iaawthekeyu token from a panel when I was iu tbe room.' 'The devil I' 'Yes,' said Stub, 'I stood in the fireplace, aud, curse my miserable soul, if I didn't have to hustle to get there, when a fine old lady entered with a candle— and all that crowd in tbe other rooms, too.' 'Scraps!' ejaculated the other man. 'Yes, Speters, and, by the ragged St. Francis, the old lady looked right at me, squarely— and she didn't know it — I didu't have my party clothos on, you see.' 'Sbe would hare sworn she looked at the devil!' 'She unlocked a little panel in the old fashioned wainscotted wall, and took out tbe keys. Tbe jim end of my knife will forcoit, and there are but two doors to the vault. It is off from an old dining-room — used hi the old Dutch days. Dut the most singular thing was what I saw in the crowd, through the windows— the young woman wbo was with my spook— the one that fainted away.' \ 'Spook!' asked Speter. 'Yes. Tbe slimins with the big eyes. Tbe other one of myself. 'Wonder if tbat spook isn't Pinnie!' | 'The chap what the boss wanted us to put under cover!' i 'That's tbe chick, Stub.' 'WeU this fellow will not go under sod again— not until I go!' 'Well, let us go hence,' said Speters, suddenly changing the subject. Without a word the two men passed out into the restaurant room. They silently weuded their way behind a liquor counter, lifted a trap door, and, in the darkness, si lently dropped to the cellar below. Without stumbling over any of tha nu merous kegs and casks, the villainous twain made their way to the corner of the .cellar, directly under the private room they had re cently left. Speters soratched one of The then recently invented lucifer matches, and lighted two bull's-eye oil lanterns. ; In another moment the two men were dig \- glng in a passageway, the direction of v, h ich was toward tbe foundations of the 'school building.' The corner of the brick work of tbat inte nor building was, perhaps, ISO foet away from the rear of the restaurant, and 'in that Interior structure, on the first door, was the vault or the treasure room of Spanoro. Upon tho outside was but a blank nail up to the fourth floor, and then a single window mark ed tbe place where the Spanish artist's private room was, adjoining his office. And here we leave the precious twain to their dark work— in which the Tiger was probably not a partner. CHAPTER XIH. ROPE LIGHTLY, AND MAY GOD 8TAT BY YOtT. One day Conrad North stepped quietly into bis mother's 'work-room,' at an unusual hour for one so full of business. 'Wbo gave you permission to come in here, sirrah I' said the parent. 'I come, demanding a surrender of this castle.' 'To whom!' 'To the invader.' 'Do you come peaceably!' she asked, pointing a cambric needle at the intruder. 'Well, mother,' he replied in a low tone, 'send your garrison away. I wish to talk to you alone.' Bo 'Milly,' the maid, capit ulated and withdrew, and then the young man began his conversation by kicking over the work-basket full of buttons and things. 'I have been thinking a great deal about Miss Lomont,' he said. 'I suppose I think too much about her. Have you any remedy for such a complaint!' 'I know of none, except to get bettor ac quainted with her and find out that sho is mortal, like the rest of us, my son.' 'But how can I properly pursue an object with which I never came in contact! Can we bring her within our circle!' 'Our circle, my son, would not receive her, not at present— though she is doubtless ?very way worthy of admission. ' 'No,' said Conrad, reflectively, 'the Rl ders, the Plumbs, the Snapdragons, the Ar temisia Ambrosiafolias etc., etc., would take pains to snub her.' ' ionrad,' said his mother slowly, 'why do j ju wish to become further acquainted with bar.' 'Well, mother, I may as well make a clean breast ofit. I am not satisfied but that I love tho girl. I want to be sensible about it; but I never can conquer this lookiug for her, longing for her, until I meet her, and find that my measures of her virtues and genius are a myth of the brain.' 'Or heart,' suggested Mrs. North. 'Or heart.' 'WeU, Conradf 'Why, then I love her, and I may as well surrender. Is it not so!' 'But, my son, if she is worthy of you, be ing apparently a poor, but beautiful waif, struggling for better things, perhaps a high er life, she will not permit you to win her; at least not under present circumstances. And if she have not that better sense-of justice to you, then sbe is not worthy.' To 'be CoHmnnm 