? STRAY NOTES. The way funerals are conducted in some ' country districts is ' sufficient i:p make, any sensible-minded person long for cremation. Just imagine a body being left uneoffined for 36 hours ?during the excessively hot weather that has lately transpired, with the tempera ture 80 or 90 degrees, in a small, ill- built, badly-ventilated house,* with a large num ber of occupants. The discomfort and ?danger, to health must be very great. It is high time commonsense stepped in, as ?many people favor cremation. False sentiment should not be allowed to retard progress in this direction. The city and .suburbs are growing in density, and bury ' ing grounds are happy resorts of all sorts -of microbes. Instead of the stalking :forth of midnight ghosts, it is the I rambling of mischievous microbes that is to be dreaded. If a few of our reform sisters would only take this matter in hand, some of our leading doctors would back them in their agitation for the establishment of a crematorium. This and better sanitation would do much for the health of the population. # * * It is hard to say where the battle between the sexes will end. The struggle for existence is getting harder every year — women and children usurping men's places everywhere in the industrial world. What happened in Middlesboro' in the bolt-making trade between 1885-86 is likely to occur anywhere and everywhere machinery is largely used. There was a strike for a rise in the price of tapping bolts boys and young men all went out. The manager, an ingenious Frenchman, engaged a number of girls, who quickly learned to attend the machinery (and, like the boys, get the tops of their fingers off occasionally), but instead of tenpence a thousand, the girls received but eight pence, and ousted the youths altogether. Whilst there is no combination amongst the workers of both sexes, such calamities as this will be of frequent occurrence. Strong, well-organized Unions are the only remedy. Nature itself rebels against the employment of women at unsuitable occupations, but the cupidity of the wealth-hoarders is so great that women's labor is forced into use. But it is a cry ing evil, against which we should all pro test — -that women should have to be breadwinners while men are forced to to remain idle. B.C. 