Slit aitb' 5)nmor. Worry is the interest we pay on our interest in life. Ambition starves, but everybody is ready to ask Success to dinner. Any fool can fall in iove. It takes a wise man to fall on his feet. Good luck will show the weak and the strong spots in a man quicker than anything else. Willie Slimson— 'l'apa, how arc matches made?' Mr. Slimson — 'You'd better ask , your mother.' \ Magistrate — 'Excuse me, madam, but are you married '!' Witness— ' Oh, your worship, this is so sudden !' ' Have you heard Stumps has been advised to go away for a change ':' ' H'm ! Is that medical or legal advice V' 'Whatever is the matter with Fido?'' 'Oh, isn't it horrid? I gave him to the laundress to wash, and she starched him.' Cadger — 'Will you give me a few coppers for a bed, sir?' Isaac Moses — 'Certainly, mine frendt. Vere ish der bed V Buyer (entering poultry shop) — 'I should like to see a nice fat goose.' Small Hoy — ' Yes, sir, mother will be down directly.' A man may guy, and a man may lie, and a man may puff and blow, but he can't get trade by sitting in the shade waiting for business to grow. Assistant— 'Wo haven't much to put in the 'Hints to Farmers' column this week.' Editor— 'Put in 'Now ia the time to sub scribe.'' ' I told her I would lay the world at her feet.' 'What did she say ?'' 'Shoeaid if I was that athletic I ought to be travelling with a show.1' At a meeting of ongins-drivers the follow ing toast was offered : — 'To our mothers — the only faithful tenders who never misplaced a switch.' 'Your son is an actor, you say, Mr. Maginnis?'1 'Faith he is.' 'And what role does he play?' 'liolls, is it? Faith, he rolls up the curtain.'' ' He pressed her to his breast and sighed, ' read the elocutionist ; and the boy iu the gallery brought down the house by yelling : — ' Which side ':' Jinks — 'Winks married a woman of intel lect, didn't he?' Blinks— 'I don't know. Why?' Jinks— '1 notice he never has any buttons on his clothes.' Many a wonun's memory is an undefinod, invertebrate organism, which she hastily throws together on great occasions for purposes of discreet foi'Ketfuluess. Cabby (politely) — 'Beg pardon, sir; please don't smoke in the keb, sir ; ladies do 20m plain o' the bacca uncommon. Better let me smoke it for you outside, sir.' ' I see Smith has gone to Klondyke.' '' Is he going to hunt for gold?' 'No; he has a better thing. He will start a pub and get all the gold tho other fellows find.' Sammy — ''Vas money der root ohf all efil, fader?' Isaac Slim — ' Yes, Sam ; so you must dry and do all de good you can in life by ged ding it away frum people.' Banks — 'I don't mind the influenza itself | so much — it's the after-effects I'm afraid of.' Rivers — 'The aftereffects is what ails me. I'm dodging the doctor for 25s.' Mrs. Stuckupp— ' Is this Mr. Slimpurse you have engaged yourself to a man of means ?' .Sensible daughter— ' Yes, mother. He means all he s^'s, and that's the husband I want.' 'Good morning, your worship,' said the cheerful prisoner. 'How do you do to-day !' 'Finely, sir,' replied the magistrate, curtly ; and the prisoner swallowed his cheerfulness. Mrs. Prudence (during acrobatic perform ance) — 'I wonder how acrobats ever learn to turn such wonderful somersaults?' Mr. Prudence — 'I imagine they take bicycle lessons.' The Butler— 'Hand hevery night at the hour of midnight the ghost happears, and groans, and wrings its hands.' Tourist — 'Ah, must have died iu the cucumber season !' Mrs. Ginger — 'How dare you talk to mo in that way ? I never saw such impudence. And you call yourself a lady's-maid, do you?' The Maid— 'I was a lad y's-inaid before lcame here, ma'am.' Guest (at country iim)— 'It does seem rather strange, landlord, but it really appears to me that the eggs were fresher in London.' Landlord — 'But that is only a prejudice, sir. It is from London we get them.' .Miss Tiptop— 'Did you enjoy yourself at the opera last evening?' Miss West-end — 'Oh, tremendously. Mr. Blathersby is the most delightful conversationalist I ever attended a musical performance with.' 'Kemember, my boy,' said the middle aged man, ' that contentment is better than riches.' 'Yes,' replied the young man, who is something of a philosopher himself, ' that is to say, it would be if there were any such liing.' Customer — 'What is tho price of this material?' Assistant— 'That is 2s. a yard, madam.' Customer— 'Oh, that iB much tpo dear.' Assistnnt— 'But it is reduced from 3s.' Customer— 'Is that so'.' I'll take ten yards.' Lady (interviewing: housemaid)— 'Why did you leave your last place ?' Housemaid — 'Because the master kissed me, mum.' Lady —And you didn't like it, eh ?' Housemaid — 'Oh, 1 didn't miud it, muni, but the mistress didn't like it!' 'You may talk as you like,' said the man who doesn't care for sport, ' but there was one good thing about the gladiatorial fights of olden times.' ' What was that ?' ''The loser never had a chance to write to the papers and explain why he lost.' Charlie— 'Will you lend me a quid. Jack? I'm awfully hard up.' Jack— ' Certainly, old man. Here you are.' Charlie — 'Thanks, awfully. I can never repay your kindness.' Jack — 'Oh, hang the kindness! Repay the quid, and I'll be quite satisfied.' . 'Now, my boy,' said the exArniner, 'if 1 had a mince-pie, and should give . two-twelfths of it to John, two-twelfths to Isaac, and two twelfths to Harry, and take half the pie my self, what would there be left? Speak out loud, eo that all caii hear.' 'The plate!' 6houted the boy. 