IPttmtture. WHIRLWIND HARVEST. By F. FRANKFORT MOORE. Author of 'I Forbid the B.'.nns ' 'The Je«.imy Brid-,' 'A (jruy Kvo or So,' 'One l'iiir Jjant'lilLT.' 'A Jmirnnli.st'a INote Hook,' ' Ihu Mate of tht- Jf-ssica 'i ''An Impudent, Comedian/' ' 1'ndt.r HiitchcH,' 'Plnliis ;a,d i'iiiii-th, ' 'They CaJJJt J.ovV' £-.?.,£-.. Jl u''li!-'-:;;l.I1li;. ??'Vi.111,!,-:;1.1-'1-11'1', '??'? tUl CllAPTKK X \ 1 1 . I Wo.MltT if V..U V.:H i;,'|.l: ,,;,,? j ; .'„ iK.,.r. ] ??e--l»;r.-lnjy dull,' wi.l AWi. ,. -.v 1 1 - ? . , ,-!„? I ill trill . ??] woild; 1 \\\ jj ?? ,,;i I,-;: t . i' jIK.- to turn vuii cut al'k'i vim i,:lVr c\;-u idic-ed a wevk ?-!' din- conii!:\ li;V.' ti 'I dtin'l think ii v'ciy likely,' s:ii,l. Clare. '1 IVcl I'O ilecf i!.v y.,ui kiiii/n-.--: in'takiir' rue in. You .sec, I -.v.-,s i,ol In-ouyU lM, to look ii'imi liuu'l: sociuiy a- ii.il i.-|.i'i,- ii/1. we /,m.(i in liiai.y jj i =i -_-. ^ on Hi... Cuiliiii.-iit. my nid^hcr an. I I, luiL i\ e nuvur niin^li-d with^e JOnglish tuh/iiy in ,ii,y j jj;i ,-,.. ' y\y . mdlbr-r seemed to shun I u-r ov.'ii cw;intr\'- ? people. We made ouiy a i;--,v i'ri.-ndr. in Ital-. and cwn lewei diuim; thv two yt-aiv ' we wi-ic in Spain, (if c.uii-e k\\\uu ^o WCiii (.-, J.'./yj,]. ^o had to be more or i,.-s Will) the i'.'ii^'is:] l h.j-f ; but 1 :- 1; ;.p,)~'j my iuiit.iiL-r had licr ov.ti v.'-a-uiis i.,i- ncvei1 bei:!i- ;iiiialf;aiuatc(l with I Jm: rcuular colony. As a rule, we saw vcvx luile sc.UL'lv; and, indeed, 1 don't furl ;i* if I Avanted lunch nmve now. 1 tliiiik 1 have became ]irefty indcjn.'ii(l(-]it of my fellow crcatui-cs. Jf 1 „,„ ,nlowtlJ to paint all day jM;d to sin?, all night I'll ask for nothing more.' 'Vou will sing for me to-night,' said Agnes, 'and to-inorrou- you can begin your pnintinj.'. 1 sujipose you had many chanr- es of suidying botli arts in ltalv.'' ' 'Xo ime piiuW have i.sul more,' replied ^ are. ' I Juiow that mv education gene rally was jwlorlod. J'm not sure of mv spcll.nig of Knulish, and as lor my sums 1 know they are deplorable. Jiut' my dear mother was afraid that one day 1' jnicLt find myself compelled to earn 'money to live, and she said that no girl over made money by spelling ajid working out sums ' 'I think she was right in that idea, lie ing a governess is not the same as making money. And so she gave you a chance of studying painting and music; but paint ing ana music do not invariably mean making money either-' ???'#? t ? '?*...'' Clare laughed. 'No one knows that better Chan I do, Miss Mow-bray,' she cried . '1'lease do not call me Miss Mowbray,' said Agnes. 'Have 1 once called. you Miss Tristram? My name is not a horrid one. /t does not set one's teeth on edge to pro nounce it. Now don't suy that there's such a difference between our ages; there really is not, you know.' '1 shall never call you. anything hut Agnes again,' said the girl. 'That s right; and perhaps in time I shall come to think myself as young as you are. The Ktory of your education interests me greatly, l'ray continue it. Did you learn painting or singing h'rst? I suppose that question is absurd; you must have found .your voice when you were a child.' 'J. i'ound myself with a kind of a voice, but no one seemed to think that it was worth consider ing. That was whv 1 spent five years studying the technique of painting. It was only one day when I thought my self, alone in a picture gallery and was singing a country song that a little grey haired man appeared from behind one of the pillars. 1 thought that he was one of the caretakers, and I did not pause vintU 1 found that he was looking at me, as I thought angrily. J then asked him if sing ing was prohibited in the gallery. I shall never forget the way he looked at me and laughed. '.Singing — ringing! he cried. 'Ah, my sweet signorina, even if singing is prohibited you could not be charged with having transgressed. Singing!' Then he shook his head. 'But it was I who sang just now,' 1 explained. 'Great god I3ac chuslyou do not flatter yourself that that sort of thing is; singing,' he cried 'C.i, no; sinking is an art — and an art in which you will excel rather Ihan in the art of paint ing, r-iing that execrable daub, in which you caricature the blessed !St. Sebastian, into the place where (he dust is thrown, and come with me. 1 shall make you a singer.' '' How amusing! And you obeyed him?'' '? I stared at the old man for a minute, thinking him the most impudent person 1 had ever met, but like a flash it came upon me that he was not a caretaker, but Signor JMarini, the great maestro. I was so over come with surprise that in an instant I had done exactly wiiat he told me. I threw away the picture on which I was working— l' really don't think it was so very bad— aud 1 went away with him. He asked me where I lived, and he ac companied me there. He amazed my poor mother with what he said about my voice, or rather about the possibilities he fancied he foresaw for my voice, and he taught me for two years for nothing-' ' Aud were his predictions regarding your voice fulfilled?' '? I am afraiSI'he fancied that ] would become much better than ] am. But at any rate lie made it possible for me to earn money by my singing. 1 hope, how ever, 1 may not have to support myseli in that way. ' I do not like facing an audi ence. I. had to do so twice in Italy, ami I found it distasteful.' ' Hut you do not inind facing mi audience of one, I hope?'' . , ' Oh 1 will sing to you ail nignt. 1 sang almost every night aboard the Anda lusian. 1 think Mr. 'Wcstwood liked me to do so. There was a bond between us— a bond of suffering. jMy dear mother had only been a month dead. 1 sang with my thoughts full of her.' ' And there is a bond between you and me also— :a bond of suffering. Vou will sins to me, my Clare. ' Affiies had her hand in her own as they went to tlie drawing-room, .ind alter a short time the girl sat down to the piano and sang song alter song for mo re than an Her singing was the sweetest that Agnes had ever 'heard. She did not sing bril liantly at first, but tenderness and sym pathy were in every note. No one could bear' her without being afhvtod by her. Jt seemed as if no one could lie critical oi her art; it is only when on» tv.'.s;.-s to tee I that one becomes critical; but Clare made it pretty plain to Agnes when iliey talked together later on that Maestro Marim had never been quite so carried away by the singing of any of his pupils as to be iinal.le to criticise it, aud Agues declared that lie must be the most unfeeling man hying. Jtefore leaving the piano the girl sans an operatic scena of the most brilliant character, and :.mazcd Agnes with the ex tent of her resources. Nie showed that her imagination was on a level with Hit of the great master who bad limit up the work to a point of sublimity that bad ruou^od the enthusiasm of Europe. Agnes paw that ( laro had at least the genius l« know wli.it the maestro meant when lie 1k-.,1 ta:'-l,t hev Im-\v to treat Hie nccna. Sho ivi^od the tiin, savins- - '?Ye-; you can always cam money by vour ringing; but you can always ji.-lncve i.iiicli moi' by iC lliere '* '° '111P il!IV(- 'vV'j toi'M remain uinimved when y.m siujj.^ -i will .-ins I' v»u every mg,n, .Tied Chi,- -Vou will ti'll me ''hen 1 la:l lo ,,,; ,,j,.,t 1 s,i out in the- l.oi.«- nt .lorn* ! j,. ai.v of mv piii^. Hiai, ll.e HM4TO j v,v= 'is the sure test of Hi^in^: il you I iiiaJ-c \oiiisoll intelligible y.;ii cm .-injr.^K , v,,u ai'. uiiinleiliniblc y.'i ate utiiI!- .no: ?,.,,.MT --1- v liu is truly izrrai will wriu- ] 11!(:,,.1V V,.r the sake of ^lcwinT what dilli- ; \--it'i-.-~ a v.r;:\:-l call ovcrcoii.e by tciichiiiK - .,i.,] i, ??.,?' ii c- be will not. be ii-f.-n-.it ,?, only ! V'bcn'he'can'n.'.i express bjmself «itb fnu- ] pliiily. J thii.k/niMc i» the nio.-l glor,..^ of alt llu- arls.'1 . Sim ,,uoied Iron, her ma-:r-r ;,-; 1 hoy wen , u,wh;ii, I,, Lh.'irbedn.onK. and then K,~-«';l I ?Did ji.u-tod. lint though Ciasc wa« asleep | within a Mv minutr^ of .lyinj: d'Wn A-iies v is ici' -?- I'ortanaie. Siic lay awake l-u- aii Imur liiinkinn her thoughts an.. Ihcn | -1).. i-.s.-i', and wi-.-pjiiii;; a iur-lw.vd dual; , ?tiviiii li.M1, f-a! down in a cliAir in I rout of : ',\,(, Ui-e. lucking iul'i its d«.-iit.!'.s. ... I '1 iMiiuut send l.ei- i'Way usain, r=.ie U.Lid. 'I cannot sond her oi.l mio the ' we'.rl'cl -!od ha? jiivon me Jier life, and I iliav,' avcr'pied tbo trust. 1 cur.mit send hci ! iiiv;i.\ . lie need m-vor le.ii-n the liuili, tin; tcrril'ile iri'.th. Oh il lie had but some pity. Il she could bin impari, s.ur.e jiily In Anotlior hour bad p/isse'l b.-'I'ore sho rose, saying once more, in a lone of do 'Nil, she shall stay. AVbetliPr it, be for irood -ir evil she s-'hal1 stay. If 1 cannot 'win him buck I shall still love her ' Niniehu'' Agnes did not feel so strongly as she had done a few days before that it was laid on her lo win hack C'aude. The fact wns that after her last conversation with Sir I'ercival she had been led to con sider by what means she should endeavor to win'liiu back to her. '\Yhat were the arts -which she should pract'ee to compass this end? She had often read of the suc cessful attempts made by young women to regain the a flection s of the men who had been cruel enough— -in some case wise enough— to forsake them. She could not, 'however, remember exactly what means they had adopted to effect their purpose. She had an idea that most of the men had been brought by force of circumstances to perceive how false-hearted the other eirl was; she had a distinct recollection Miat the other girl played a very important part in the return of the lover to bis first and only true Jove. - - ^jjjp1? After giving some consideratiolF-'-to the matter slie .came to the conclusion that she, too, could only trust to Unite to lead Claude back to her. fcJhe thought of the lines — ' . Having waited all my life, I cut well wait A little longer. She had spent her life in waiting for him to return to her, hut he had not yet re turned to 'her — the man who had gone forth losing her, and with her promise to 1-ove hi ni, liad not returned to her and her love. She would have to wait a little longer. But somehow she did not uow feel impa tient to see him once again at her feet. The terrible sense of loneliness that had fallen on her when lie had left her pre sence on the day after his arrival at the court — that appalling consciousness of de sertion—was no longer-experienced by her. She awoke from, her few hours' sleep on the morning after Clare had come to her without her previous feeling of being alone in the world. Her first thought now was that in half an hour she -would be seated at the breakfast-table opposite to that sweet girl who had been sent to her by a kind fate just at the moment when she needed her most. Uefore the half-hour had quite passed she was sitting opposite to Clare, and be fore another hour had passed she was sit ting by flie side of Glare in her phaeton, pointing out to her the various landmarks round that part of Hrackenshire as the ponies trotted along the road. Agnes felt as happy as though she had succeeded in solving the. problem of now to win back an errant lover. 'It's not a bit like the England of my fancy,' cried Clare, when the phaeton had been driven on for some miles beyond the little town of Brackcnhurst. 'Is it possible that this is the first glimpse you have had of England'/' cried Agnes. 'It is practically my first glimpse of Eng land. I. could not have been more than a year old when 1 was taken abroad.'' 'And yet I am sure that you had all an exile's longing to return to England— you learned to allude to it as home, did you not?' said Agnes. 'Oh, of course, I always thought of Eng land as home, though I managed to jive very happily wherever I found myself,' replied the girl. 'Sometimes when 1 was suddenly brought face to face wicn a party of English men and women making ;i tour of Italy my longing to be in England was easily expressed. Indeed, I may safely say that at no time did I feel very patriotic. The greater number of the people whom I met painted such a picture of England as reconciled me to live abroad.' 'You do not recognise the country from their description?' 'Why, they talked of nothing but fogs— they made me believe that from August to May there was nothing but fog hanging over the whole of the country— fog and damp^ and ram and snow. Well, we haven't driven* into a fog up to the pre sent, and I find these furs that Mrs. Adrian I advised me to buy in London almost op | pressive. The green of the meadows be side the little stream is brighter than the green of olive trees in winter. Yesterday the sky was blue, and to-day it is the same. Oh, 1 have become more Ene'ish than the English themselves; 1 feel myself ready to refer to every one who is not English as a miserable foreigner.' 'That is the proper spirit to acquire; I hope you will he able to retain it all through the winter. We do not invariably have blue skies and dry roads during No vember and December in England. ]3ut we have sU least comfortable houses with capacious fireplaces.' ''That is something. I never saw a really good lire until 1 eame to England. 1 have sat shivering in the house in which we lived .-si Mena. The Jit tit: hiazicr of char coal which was brought into the room for a few minules only ': seemed lo make us colder.' _ Agnes laughed, ami there was a con siderable pause before she said — 'And your mother. I wonder if she was quite happy living abroad all her life.' 'Only during her last illness did .she ex press a wish to sw England once more,' | said ( lure. 'Ah, ] cannot speak of it— I ; could not tell yon all she said in those i last piteous .lays. Alter she had written | that letter which I brought to yon— she , would not allow me to sec a line of it. but i sealed it and put it ii way under her piJJow : — all her thoughts seemed to return to her home. Eveiy ui'fht as 1 s,-it up with her I could hear her intmner — 'If i could onlv see it iiaiiin- it' J could only :;---? the mea dows aiid smell the English May. Ah, J (-nnn.it speak of it.' ? The trill turned her li-'ad away and a Millie sob siruirelrd in h--r throat, i '.My pncir child,' said Allies. ' You haw all j;.1.- .-viupn'hy. I can --vi:i|-a| h;se with y..u. I'm- I. too, luvo MiMVivd.' (.'HAI'TMK Will. Th- y did not e\eiui;L'V a w.wd for some tin;'1, and when lln.- silence was lu-okm il I uas bv Clai... I '.lust U-i'm-e her ill.H-r-; I ventured to j ?-Uj-':..''.isi l.i her ihal we might jio lor a in. mill or I wo lo Kngininl,' .--he said. : ' \ii.i then ? ' ; ' The !...ik that came (n hei tV-e -was one ; .if f'.-ll ? el' .'ili-obui' ieii.if. I was fright- [ eiic.l, ,-isid began :-i think lli.-.i I here were; perhaps ;:r.'Ver rciMHi.i ih.m I had ever i fancied i\ii- .?in- exile. 1 1 u-dk hev sonic j moments In recover frciii the shock that I my siiL'ur.ilion h.ul gucii her, and then she ! said, ' You iiin-l never ihiiik ol such aj thing as po^ilile. I shall never sve JMig- -, land again. ' I ' I'lini- wnnviii'. All, what it i.s laid on;1 Woiiun lo bear,' said Ague-?. ''Ami chc ' would have bn-n so happy ii it had not : heel'! for i'.,;ilil:-.-.--nes.s. If she had only' trusted the in;f- man who loved her she would have liccn happy. I Icar lli.it. .-.he r.mnot --vci- have bet-n happv with \our fat her. 7 ' ' \ ' Hie- novel1 spoke to me of him.' j Clare spukc in ;; lo-.v ione. ' '' He die'l when you were a child — so ' much. I think, was taker; for granted,' said Agnes. ' I havo always: taken it for granted,' said Clare. ' Oh, ye?; 1 remember asking about him when 1 war quite young, ana my mother told me I hat 1 had no father.' ' Then you must, assume that he is dead/' .said Agnes, ' and pray that you may never have sutlicient curiosity to lead you to seek to know morn about him.' Clare louked at her with some surpn'sc on her lace. ? 'What! You know- — '' she began. 'I know nothing,' said Agnes quickly, interrupting her. '1 have heard that he was not a good man, aud 1 know that if lie had had anything of good in his nature your mother would not have parted from 'liini. But he is dead, and we have no need to talk about him. Now let me tell you the names of all the places we can see from here.' They had driven to the summit of one of the low Bracken shire hills, and there Agnes pointed out the various landmarks. Far away to the north the great manu facturing Wffu of L'innborouch lay be neafh the great shadow of its own smoke, aud to i'he' right it-he exquisite spire of Scardiefiter Cathedral was seen, and -try the side of ,the old minster ran the River Leet. All through the valley lay the vil lages of Nessvale, witdj its Norman church, from the tower of which --the curfew- is still rung, Greenledge, with its tall Maypole, and Hohmvorbh, wibh its grey caatle and moat. Then on every hand were to be seen the splendid park lands surrounding the manor houses, the broad meadows, the brown furrowed fields of Brackenshire, with here and there a farmhouse, and down where the Lambeek flawed, a brown mill, W'i'th . its slow-moving watemvheel. Tihe quacking of ducks that swa.ni in the little stream was borne up from the valley at intervals, and mingled with t'he melan choly whittle of a curlew, and the occa sional notes of a robin sitting on a gate al tue side of 'the road. 'England— England— this is England!' cried Olare. '1 never wish to see any other land so long as I live. Ah, my poor mother! 'lhis ds what she was long ing to see before slie died.' Agnes did not speak. iShe knew that the girl saw all the incidents of the Eng lish landscape through a mist of tears. Jt was not until the phaeton was making the homeward circuit, and had just come abreast of the wall of Westwoou Court, that a word was exchanged between Agnes and Clare. All the interest of the girl was once more awakened when she learned that Claude West wood had been born in that great house which was just visible through the trees of the park and that he was now the owner of all. 'And the murder— it was done among those trees?' said Clare in a whisper. Agnes nodded. 'The wretch— the wretch. What punish ment would be too great for the monster who did that deed,' cried Clare, with something akin to passion in her voice. 'Mr. Westwood told you of it ?' said Agnes. He did not need to tell me of it,' re plied the girl, 'i had read all about it at Cairo.' 'Of course. You got the English news papers there.1' 'Very rarely ; strange to say, a copy of a newspaper containing a paragraph refer ring to the reprieve of the murderer was sent to my mother by someone in Eng land. I saw the paper by chance, it had not been sent to her because of that para graph, of course; but on account of some other piece of news.' 'Then you knew who it was that sent the paper?' 'That was the mystery. It troubled mother for some time thinking who could have sent it.' 'But she knew why it had been sent to her — she knew what was tlie particular paragraph it contained of interest to her?' 'I don't think that she was quite certain on that point; but she came to the conclu sion that it was on account of a paragraph referring to the production of an opera in London in which a friend of mine— of ours, I mean— had taken the tenor role.' 'Ah, a friend of yours? What is his name?' 'His name was Oiro Rodani; he was one of the maestro's pupils. We used to sing duets under the guidance of the maestro; it was good for both of us, he said, and so, J. suppose, it was. At any rate C'iro got his engagement, and perhaps he sent mo ther that newspaper. He certainly sent mi; the six papers that praised his singing. He didn't send those that- were not quite so complimentary: it was the maestro who sent them to me. j 'The paper may have been addressed i to you; it is not a matter of importance. j You would probably never have rocollec | Led reading tlie paragraph about' the re prieve of the man if you had not niel Mr. : Westwood a few months afterwards.' 1 'J. certainly should have forgotten all about it; but now — well, now il in dif t feivnf. And il was among those tnvs tlie terrible deed was done?' : 'Yes, it was anion^- those trees. I have [ not been near the place since it hap pened.' j 'It was horrible- -horrible! And yet they did not hang the man— they gave the wretch his life.' The girl spoke almost fiercely- -almost in the same tone as Claude Wclvvood's i had been when denouncing the man. Amies gave a little cry. '?J)o not say thai -for Cod's sake do not say that.' she said. ' Ah, if you only knew wh.il- you are saying.' ' Jf I only knew!' cried Clare, in a lone of astonishment. ' It' you only know how your indigna tion 'thill a wretched man's lil'e was spare! to him shocks me,' said Agnes. ' Dear child, surely you are on the .side of inorcv; you have not been accustomed to tho savage code of a life for a life.' ( 'lure was silent. ' It. shocks me to hc.ir anyone 'peak as CI.uhIc Wciwood does of that poor wretch.' said Ague. ' It is not possible ihat you ? Tell me, Clare, do vou think y^ur mother would have had the1 same iiioii;;ht as you had just now? Was 1 she indignant when she read that the lil'e of I h:it man Standish was s-iiaivi! ':' 'Slie cried ' Thank Cod!' as fervently as il' she li.id known tlie. wretch all her life,' ivpli.'d Clare. ' Ah, my dear mother was a bettor woman th-.n Iain. Her heart was lull of tenderness. ' And so is. yours, my child.' snnl Agnes gently. ' Vou did not. speak lrom your | heart ju --t now. Vour words were 1'iit an echo of rhose 1 have he.ud Claude West wood speak.' There was a long silence before Clare put her hand on the arm of her companion, sAviufi in a low voice- — 'I was wrong, dear Agnes. 1 spoke un- I fveliiiidy, wilhoiit thinking of all that my | words meant. 1 only thought of (he pas-ion I of paid in which Mr. Westwood had ex pressed his indignation that the man who] lii-.'iuj.'-ht so much unliappincFS into his life had been given his life. We are all sin ners.' 'Pray for him,' cried Agnes-, quickly. 'Pray for that man as Christ prayed for I His murderers. Pray that bis lil'e may not 'have been given to him in vain.' 'J will pray that Clod may pily him,' said the girl. 'We all stand in need of forgiveness, do we not?'' The remainder of the drive to The Knoll was silent, and so was Agnes, when she went to lier room and seated herself in front of the fire. She was breathing hard as slie leant forward with her head resting on her hands. She remained motionless, staring into the glowing coals until the luncheon bell rang. Then she rose hastily, saying in a whisper— 'It was too terrible! God pity her! God pity her!' Her maid entered the room and she changed her dress. While in the a.ct of going downstairs she heard the sound of Claude Westwood's voice' in the hall, lie was talking to (la re in front of tlie blazing logs of the ?hall fire, and Agnes saw that he now wore the dress of a country genUeman. When he had called at the house tlie previous day, as well, as on the day after his return to England, he had worn a black morn ing coat. She paused beneath the Etained ?fN 'tr 1\ I F' ^N ^» l *H I ft. I A t, glasa window of the litt)e lobby where 'the ,'M broad -staircases turned off at night angles 4jp to the half-dozen rshallow elteps at thi' ^ bottom— she paused, and could iioi mov( * tor same moments, for *he scene wliicJ -I! was before her eyes appeared to her lik( ' ; a glimpse of a day she remembered well-' '^ the same man wearing the same jackef t? and gaiters had stood talking in the sarat % voice to a young girl who stood by hii ' '1 side looking up to iiis face as she stooped '-? Boimew'hat over the big graite, holding he* 1 lingers over the blaze just as Glare wat t doing. £ Slie stood motionless ou the landing «? liie crimson roses of the stained glass of the window made her a splendid head- i dress, and in the panels on each side ? 3 spread branches of rosemary — rosemary for remembrance. Alas! she remembered but too well the words which had been spoken between the two people who had stood there long ago. 'It is for you — it is all for you,' Ii© had said. 'I mean to make a name that shall be in some measure worthy of youJ' Those were his words, and when she had looked up to his face and had put her hand, warm from the lire, into his hand. She had trusted him, and -now ? 'Is it a ghost?' cried Clare, laughing. '' Are you a ghost, beautiful lady, or da you see a ghost ?' She had gjone half way along the hall to the foot ot the half-dozen shallow oak steps beneath the window. '.; ' A ghost— a ghost,' said Agnes, de scending. ' Yes, 1 have seen a ghost.' : Claude advanced to the middle of the hall to meet her. She greeted hint silently. ' I saw your ponies in the distance and hurried after you, hoping that you would ask me to lunch,' said he. ' A woman's lunch,' she cried. ' You cannot surely know what pur menu is.' ' 1 will take it on trust,' said he. ' You represent company here. When 1 come to .-? you [ forget the loneliness of the court.' When speaking he had looked first at Agnes, then at Clare. He seemed to take care to prevent the possibility of Agnes'a fancying that he was addressing her indi vidually when he said, ' You represent company here.' ' And you represent company to us, for the capacity of two lone women to feel lonely is (juite as great as that of one man,' said she, smiling in her old way. ' He brings us news. Agues — good, news,' wa\\-\ Clare. ' He has got the medal of the— the society — what was lh/ name tliaj. you gave the society, Mr. AVesJ wood?' 'The (!eogrnphieal,' said he. 'The/ have treated me well, 1 must confess-. They have been compelled to take me on trust, so to speak — to accept my dis coveries without any demonstration on my part. No one knows anything of what I have .seen or what I have done in Cen tral Africa. The outline that, was cabled home represented only the recollections ol a missionary at Uganda. Jt is little better than nonsense.' 'That is the greater reason, I say, why you should lake the opportunity that ia offered to you now of letting the world know all that you have passed through,' said Clare. 'All— all— all that 1 have passed through, did you say?' he. cried. Then he laughed curiously. ''We'll, 1 don't suppose that you could tell all in an hour- I suppose they would give vou an hour?' said Ciare. 'They might even make it two hours without forcing me to repeat inysi-h',' said he. 'But all all ! (iood heavens! if I were to tell all! Luckily J (.annul; the language has not got words adequate for tlu1 expression of sonic of the things that I saw. Still -well, 1 saw «ume few thing! that might lie described.' 'Then you will go? You will give them the lecture whii- ii ymi say they have in vited you to deliver?' cried Clare. lie shook his head. 'Oh, yes, you will,' .--he said, going close to him, and speaking in a child's voice of coaxing. ''Agnes, you will join with me ij.i trying- to show tins man in what direc tion his duty lies.' * 'Ah, in what direction k:s duty' lies,' said Agnes, gently. 'What women can show a man where lies his duly if his in clination points in another, direction? Hut . I am forget ting mine. Luncheon!' She pointed to the door of the dining room, ill which the butler was standing with an iigjn-iyved expression upon his face; hmeh?on had been waiting for some time. 'Duty!' .said Airnes, when C.'.ne and Mr. Weslwood had passed through. 'Duly!' She gave a scornful lau:-;h. -tj. To be continued. ijlr 