A SYDNEY MAN PALLS ON A HOf STE AM-PIPE IN A BATH. HIS FLESH ADHERED TO THE PIPE LIKE A STEAK TO A FRJimPA'S. AN AWFUL SIGHT. While, io a bath in Pitt-street, u Mr. Jarvis had the misfortune io «lip aud fall un the hot water pipes, aad befoiehe could ba resound wa« sobliled and barn» in a terrible way. The shock of the burning and the fall proved to be very disastrous for Mr. Jarvis, and for a number of years niter be was a confirmed invalid, suffering terribly from locomotor ataxy and other fut ni« of paralysis. A few months ago, however, repents , began to be circulated in the neigh borhood, that Mr. Jarvis waa getting round again, and tbnt be had h»d a most remarkable recovery from this apparently incurable malady. It was on account of these rnmurs that a special reporter from the Sydney WORKER was despatched to get all information regarding same, and one afternoon be made his way to his house, 45. Crown- lane, Jltimo. Mr. Them. Jarvis was discovered nursing a two-yeir-old baby, and his fane de clared him one of the happiest tuen in Sydney. He was up and about, and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still a few marks of a critical illne.se and a period of pain, it was very cleat th it he was an invalid no more. lu reply to the prelirninery queu tions he said :-" You want lo know all about my ouse? Well, I am ^lud of au opportuuity to tull you. Th« facts may be of value to (hose who arc stricken as I was " " How long were you suffering?" " Well, twelve months ago I crot RC bad that I had to leave off work, and 1 have done nothing Bince then. Aboul five years ago ne xt Christmas 1 met with an accident; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-strnet, Sydney. Since the accident ( have, beeu iii failing health, arid uftor four yea« s of gradual development of thc malady, 1 was fowd to givo up my billet at the Glebe Island." " What were the symptoms ?" Simply indescribable. The nnine were something terrible. They were just about as mach as I could bear, They were f«r all the world like a« il a eaw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no cont roi over my bowel« or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyoue else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor Bleep. On thc 23rd March hint I saw ti well-known loctor, and he told me thal my case was utterly hopelHss, However, be gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions." "Did you make use of the order?" .' No ; I came home and went to bed, and have beeu protty well iu bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk ncross tho floor ; in fact, I could not get out of bod. 1 fuit then that il was all over with me, aud only a ques tion of days when 1 would give up the ghost, My ductor was attending rue, and did all no could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease tho agony I was in. I was under him forh'vo or six week«. He came to tbe conclusion that I was buffering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of th» spinal chord, charac terized by peculiar disturbances of ¡¿ail, und difficulty iu co-urditiatiug voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for ten yean, and that I might never gut tho use of mr legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with euergy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning mau will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement des cribing the cure affected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the Australian WORK MAN, by Dr. William»* Pink Pills for Pile feople. I read in the advertise ment of a case which seemed to lit my own. I deicrmined to give the pills a trial any w«y, and sont for a bo*. Th« effect watt as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to <<at and sleep as though uutiiing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I bad for many a day. It WUB incredible. I immediately hit the ned and was able to move about. You aee those crutches fliers ? They are perfectly new, and I have ucver used them. They were made for me before I pot Dr. Williams* Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I dou't want them.'" " He i-t 100 per c-eut. bettor," said M rs. Jarvis, who bad ¿orne in and taken the baby on her knees. " Ibo Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another mau of him." A friend who called in at this point enid that Jarvis looked ten years younger rout aay than he did a fort night previous. " 1 can now," continued Jarvis, "have a cold beth, and all the feeliug has come back into my legs. I es cribo all the chango and benefit to Dr. ' Willama' Pink Pil|x. Thoy have saved my life. I am tu no pain now whatever, and feel like a new nun. Ou the mantlflpiece there is a box of opinm and morphia pille which the doctor gave nve to deaden the excru ciating pain. Hut they can stay where they aro, for I uo longer need thom. Ev«rybody who knows .ne has been amazed in th? change In me. They cnn hardly believe »heir eyes. My being a boot again has caused quit« a sensation out here." Such is thia remarkable history, and it confirms what is said tn al! the chief newspapers nf this country of the «s'oöishing aurea wrought by Or. Williams' Pink Pilla for Pain People. Thpy cure locomotor ataxy, nnrtial paralyse, and spins! diwsse. a'ao tb? many disorders »euch arise from an impoverished «tate of the1>loo<], «uoh sa nnsemt-t, paie and sallow corn plosion, general muscular weakness indigestion, Wa of appntim, eooitness of breath, pains in the hank, nervous headache, nt.-. Mr. J. S. T. M'Gnweo. loader of the Lubonr Party of IV .S.W. legislative Assembly, waa seen by our reporter in connection with th« remarkable ease of Thomas Jarvis. Mr, M'Goweu says he has known Jarvis from infancy. Ile also knuw that ho bad to givo up his work at Glebe Island abattoirs twelve months ago ow¡a¿ to !a| malady which he developed. He afterwards heard thai Jarvis waa bed ridden, and that there was little ob an ce of his recovery. He under stood that Jarvis was refused admis sion to Sydney Hospital, as his ciao bad been pronounced incurable. Mr. M'Gowen was, therefore, like anyone «IBU who knew thc facts, astounded at the complete rénover/ ot Jarvis. These wonderful pills are ob ainahle from leading chemist*, or from tho Dr. "William.-)' Modiciue Co., Queen's Place, Sydney, who will forward (ptst paid) on receipt of «tamps or post order, one box for 2<< 9.1., or half-dozen for 15s 3d. Sc>e that tbe genuine Dr. Williams' arc gotten. 