A SEA TRAGEDY., A MURDEROUS COOK. A despatch from Newport News, Va.,. 5th November. is as follows: The U.S.S. Lancaster dropped anchor' in Hampton Roads this morning from Bahia, Brazil. In military confinement on.the warship are five men of the-crew. 0of the schooner Oliver Pecker, whose; captain;.J. W. Whitman. of Rockland;' ,Me., and' first mate. Wm.. Saunders, of - Sandy Cove. N.S.. were murdered'at se?s' ' in August last: In the ship's brig close-' ly: confined is Jos. Anderson, the schoo ner's'cook, who is the self-confessed per petrator of the murders, and who after wnrd'set fire to the- vessel. The Olive Pecker sailed from Boston 27th June with a cargo of'lumber for Bahia. and the story of this tragedy of the sea is told best in the words of the murderer. who to-night gave to the Associated Press the following version of hisa crime: "I was put aboard the Olive Pecker. a. two-masted schooner from Boston to Ba Ila" .and had to serve the captain as his servant. I had good reason to believe that the captain did not take to me, and' I was always in fear of my life.whenever he got into his mad fits. ' He had a dog which was always coming into the cools house and annoying me. On the daye of our little difficulty the animal, came. inside and:I threw a boiler of hot water' on him. Well.. he howled, and the next thing I knew the captain was coming for me. I went'to his cabin and he com menced cursing me, telling me that this sort of thing had to stop. I did not say anything to him, and he ordered me into his cabin to make up his bed. This was in the, morning. "I made up his bed, and he ordered me out with a volley or oaths. I saw he was, in mean humor and determined to arrm. myself against him. I knew the cap tain had some pistols in his cabin and I went.back to get one of them. Just as' -soon as I entered the captain fired .a beer bottle at me, and seeing' that I dodged it he picked up a pistol from the table and sent a ball in my direction. I had got my hand on a weapon which was lying on the corner of his table, and. of course, I opened fire on the rascal. My; first bullet took effect in his forehead, anrid the second one went into his hreast,. killing him almost instantly, I then went upon deck called to the mate, who, was in the fore rigging. "He shouted down to me, asting what I wanted. I told him.to come down, that the captain wanted him in the cab in. He. started down, and when he'. reached the deck I went for him. Het was an old fellow, with whiskers, and I 'felt like smashing him with my fist. He looked at nie as if to inquire my author ity to order him about, and L levelled "the weapon at 'his old' hcwhiskered. head. saying at the same time : "Now, die like the dog you are.' With that I pulled the trigger, .and the mate' dropped to thi deck, rolling to the port side of the ship. "I then went downinto tile cabin, thinking I would be able to take the ship myself. I saw that the captain was a ghost and I came upon deck again. The mate was groaning and I felt it my, duty to. put him out of his misery. One more shot did the act. I secured the captain's other pistol, and after giving. the mate a. second bullet I started to ward the crew, who were aft, with a pistol in each hand and gave them to understand that I was to be master of the Olive Peeker and that the first man who undertook to disobey my orders would have to suffer the consequences. They carried out my commands without a murmur, "I first ordered them to throw the mate's body' overboard, and then wo went down into the cabin and brought up the captain's corpse, d!sposing of it in like manner. Next I ordered the men to get out the oil and saturate the whole vessel, fore and aft. in such a manner that she would burn up like -. They did that, and then wae got our belongings andtlprepared to take to the · boats after setting fire to the old ship. 1 Mly chum and I went down in one of the boats while the other four men took to another. They pulled off in a different [ direction from us and we never saw them again until we met in prison in Bahia. They must have peached on us, for nio sooner had we lauded from the .. ship we had taken than the officers \- placed us under arrest and sent us to r Bahia. "The'Pecker was one month out from 2 Boston, and was within, two days of. \- Bahia when all this happened. She was a two-masted'schooner, and started out r with a crew of eight." e This statement was sent ashore byanir S'ofllcer'otmarine. The officer stated that when the men were thrown into prison s at Bahia, the United States Consul at.' a that port communicated, with the Navy: e department at Washington- concerning the arrest of the murderer and his ac compllces, and received instructions to r place them aboard the cruiser Lancaster,. which at the time was several hundred= t miles south of Bahia, and which would' be ordered to that port as soon asDpos sitile. The seamen remained in-.the old . prison at Bahia for four weeks.before the arrival of the Lanicastir.. - 'When the.: men were sent aboard-the cruiser-they, were found to be so fllthy'and poorly eiad: that it was necessary to give them bathlis and new wearing apparel. The cook was ordered in irons and the remainder' of the unfortunate crew were placed in military confinement. . Tht live sallors are under the impression that they are being held as witnesses against, the' I cook and will be expected to testify that hlie murdered the captain and mate. It is more than probable, however, that they will not only be used as witnesses against the murdclerer, but will be held and convicted on the charge of firing a? e lIll on the high seas. The other five Inen of tlh Olive Pecker-'- crew are William IHra:burg., Andrew F. March, 31aniltl 'earriaet. John Lend, and I,. Earstad. .\ ATr.!ih HSuicily.--"IIave you the in cviro:ici of tt musnee to-lay 7?" asked thI c,:l itr of the attic poI t. "NO, but S Differing Tast!es.--"If tlhee, he any thing in thle worll I hatr." .said the priud plutocrat, "it is ,Iteiing lcttrconlzed.' "There's notlhing I likte better," said his r acquainta:nce, whllo keDs the corner gro tcery. -.-; IJi 