TOLL) BY A LIGHTHOUSE ASSISTANT. 44 My man, do you want a burth?'saidhe- 44 Aye. eye, oupjen,'- «aid I. 'I want 000 badly. I'm half-starved and half-frozen.' He made no answer, but just a sign to follow bim, and he stalked away and I pegged after bim. He kept close along tbe shore as we | walked, and for a while hesaid nothing. At , Ust, however, he turned and pointed seaward, j 44 You see that V said he. I He iodieated a lighthouse on a lonely reek. | 44 I'm tbe keeper,' said he. 'Iwant yoa to i cook my meals and keep my bachelor's ball fo* j me. . ' Now aod then I shall want you to row in I Indijuy provisions. Tbe work won't be hard, a think tiie pay will suit yoa. Do you know whj I chose you ? ' \- 4'ICo, eappen,' saidtf. ' Because 1 saw that hope was at an end witb you, 'be aud. 44 It's only a mao who bad come .to tbat who could live with me io a lighthouse.' 14 1 was on a desert island once,' said I. 'After that I sban t be afraid of a lighthouse.' I'd been in a lighthouse before ; it was no new thing to me bnt after I'd been therea few hours I wondered what my master hired me for. It was like being peorioned off ; there was nothing tedo. But, mark ye, when it came night, aod lhe wind began to moan aboat (die lighthouw, aod the lamps were lit and all outside was black as pitch, and all the sound we heard was the swash, awash, swash of tbe waves, my master mixed come grog and called me to sit along with him. That looked sociable, but I can't nay be did. He sat glowering over bis glass for a while, and opening his month as if to speak, and 1 shotting it again. Then said he : 44 What's your name ?' 44 Ben Dare,' said I . 14 Would you mind calling yourself Brace?' be asked. * 44 I've no reason to be ashamed of my name,' laid I. 44 Look here,' said h*, 'I am a gentleman born and bred. I never came to earning my bread before. I'm ashamed ef it. ThiKiswhat 1 mean. If any strangers come out here io i-mk foe William Brace, why, yon can «ay you atr the man. You claim to be ligbthouse-krepcr. Itv easy. I don't suppose much compaiiv will mil, but I choose not to see tbem, if tbey do. Thai'* what 1 hired you for.' 'Ob,' said I. 'You see, 'said be, 44 1 got thin place through a ricb man who had influence. Those t»Lo * -rc it to me never aaw me If I din -ome day.niiv, bare you are io tbe place. If I ^o i-tf, a«d i may, here you are still until then. I'll piv you well, aod yoa know your du'ir*.*' 44 Well, it's shamming.'' paid I, 41 but. ftft-r all, what does one cane what mv name is, and what shall I call von ?' ' Call me nothing,' said be. 14 Pall me P-ap. tain, as you did when I met you, but n*v--r speak of me to anyone.' tientlemaa or no, he wasn't laxy He -ii-lift care bow he worked. Tbe lamps wur m hi i^lit aa jewels. There wasn't a ppeck of dirt in i.e. whole tower But let en^- boot dole in^-h hn away be went and bid himself, ai-d m^c ..nl with a white, scared face and a sh^kin.' h--ii-l. At nigbt be was afraid to go up to the lamp* alone, and he'd look over bis abould^r and torn wbite aa we stood together At last be took a ntw turn. He stood staring for awhile. Then he spoke to me in a low voice : 14 Brace, do you believe in ghosts ?' 44 1 havn't considered the question,' I answered. 44 Well,' said he, softlier than before, ** look into that corner,' and ha poiuied. I looked. »? Don't you see anything J7' be a-kt-d. ' Ko,' said I ; ' oo, Cappeu.'' 44 Ah,' be muttered, 'very well, very well. I'm glad you don't.' But that wasn't nothing to what happened ,tbe very next nigbt. We skpt in two bm-kn nigh each other, aad naturally when he «oke upwrthayelll woke, too. He was shrieking and shaking and wringing his hands. 'The woman! the woman!' belaid. 'Shu stood ber just now, all fed with blood. Jt drip ped down the wbite ruffle*. It dripped mi Iw bands. Stop her! stop h«r 1 Sbe has gone to call them. Stop her fitop her !' 'Wbtiredid she go?'' I asked. He stared at me with bis wide open eyes, all the whrtasbowiog, below aud above. 'She couldn't have been here,' said he. 44 ll ' Lord love you— a nightmare.' paid I. So we went asleep again. But 1 Ixurd (if the woman so often after tbat that { gicw u«- -1 to her. The Cappen, as 1 called him, got u- ' r worse and worse every day. I wanted t«- ashore asd fetch the doctor, but be would i.ut hear of it He raved if 1 tried t»- Wave luni. At last tb*re came a hot, hot nitrl.t i-- June. It was burning hot all day, and a d- a«l ca'm at night. About dark the Cappen wi nt to sleep, and I went aod sat where I could we the water and tbe lights ashore. It was so clcar that I could hear the sailors in a Spanish ship moore l not far away singing iu their fi-reign hi-g-j. An l I was sort of quiet and dreamy like, when something happened tbat waked me mighty wide and sudden. Something wee ►ton. ling on tbe steps below me, something came toward »ue. It was a little slender figure, with loi-ghiir all ubout'its shoulders. I couldn't unci's fncn. 1 don't think I really saw it plainly at «*ll But it went past me softly while I looked, and I knew tt was a woman iu a white rufB d gn«n, and that she bad gone to the ro.»fn w).-ns my master lay. 1 shook too bard ft-r a mon cut 'o move ; but as soon as 1 could 1 started up to go lo bim. Just then a voice cried ?. 'Lighthouse, ahoy I aiihwrred, 'Aye, »ye, and ht- jipc-l a bit. Duty first of all things witb a fiiIih. A Iwnt lay at the foot of the sU-p*. and four men jumped out of it. 'We want William Bracp, ket}xr of this lighthouse,' said one, a big man in n tiucu over. ' I'm one that answers to tbe nan.c.' save I. He swung a lantern over my head ' Search tbe place, roy men,' said ho. There was no use saying anything, hut I did try to atop tbem. 44 I've got a sick friend aloft,' say* I. ' Uoo't disturb him. I'm afr»id the wonsan will sheer him anybow, he's so low.' 'What woman ?' s»id he. 44 Tbe one that came aboird witb you, M',' said I. 'No woman came with as,' he snarled. II Stand aside, lien, do yourduty.' Tbey went upstairs. I followed. I raw th*m walk into tbe Cappen's room. I heard tbem cry out and stand still. \\\ hen I got to the door they stood io a row lookiug down on the bed. 1 looked, too. Man nor wo'i'.in couldn't frighten tbe Cappen more. He was 1 dead. ' 'Wbat bad be done ?' I asked the offircr , 'Killed bis wife,' said be, 'that's all. No , doabt sbe deserved it; bat it's not allowed by law when they do.' ' God help him, 'said I, 