The Eucla Mail. Micky who had just been successful in getting a mail contract, in order to show his gratification to a mild and tolerant public, burst into song, sought the muses, or what you will. So well pleased was he with the effusion that came from his brain—which at that time seemed to be full of whirling wheels, horses, mail bags, <fcc—that he left it at the local hotel for the benefit of those thirsty souls who are in quest of the quenchable. And here it is, just as it came from Mick's pen. Peace, peace, oh, Gordon ! Fame shall still be thine. Across the wild and western plains Of the great Australian Bight, . Where the midday sun shines fiercely down » And the wind howls dull at nighty Where roaming dingo seeks his prey And curlews dismal wail, There I must go, though hot winds blow, And carry the Eucla mail. As far as the naked eye can see There's naught but open plain Devoid of grass, and saltbush, too, Just for the want of rain ; The water tanks are empty, And the rockholef, 111 go bail. You earn your stuff,quite hard enough When you carry the Eacla mail. I jog aloDg the whole day long, A black boy for a mate, And keep to time—if I'm behind A fine will bo my fate. Two horses good, as raw as wood, Along the track they sail; We are the boys, the real McCoys, To carry the Eucla mail. Of passengers true you get but few On this track so wild and rough, But parcels by post, by Riley's ghost, Of them you get enough. Deadheads* you see, you take them free, The loss of their fare bewail. You choose a life of care and strife When you carry the Eucla mail. When you arrive at Eucla You are met by all the push— Operators, kangarooers, And sandalwooders rush, All anxious for their letters, And with delight they hail The rattletrap, where the drivers •* nap," On top of the Eucla mail. *Post and telegraph officials. Now Jim, his predecessor, who often moistens an everlastingly dry thorax at the above establishment}, heard the poetical effusion, of his successor, ren dered by one of the thirsty individuals who congregate there. To give vent to his feelings he also sought the fickle muse, a task that he found a "durned sight harder than driving through the Bight sand.1' And Jim, who had strewn the road with few equine car cases, bids fair to rival Kipling, as the following will show :— Our pote wen 'e gits on the way Will fine hits not so gay Ter drive the Euclar mail On seven BoB a dayk At Oolona Chester wi l ave ter£$aip, And hat Nanwoora e'll leave 1 V:/ Rocket and the Bay. Just here the muses deserted liijoif and he has promised at some future period to complete his song. -WlLLAHftAH. 