The Federal campaign Is proceeding vigorously nil over the colony. The cause of Union is gaining everywhere. For a brief period In gome of the suburbs there was considerable opposi tion shown to the Commonwealth BUI— un opjxisition mainly bused upon mis apprehensions, carefully fostered by tncu who are autl-fedcral at heart, and would !x? found lu antagonism to any project of union. Lot it bo noted that we do not say tills of all tho opiwtienLs. Wo have sufficient reason for saying it of Homo of them. Why Is tho opposi tion now losing ground every day? Be cause the electors of 'victoria are rapidly obtaining a more InUinatb knowledge of what the Bill contains, as distinct from, and very widely different from, what some men are saying It corn- tains, The sound common sense of the people will do the rest. 'Mcauwhlle it Is pleasant to note 'that there ure pro minent public men courageous enough to abandon wrong positions in order to Lake up right ones. . Mr O'Sullivan, a Sydney M.L.A., told a meeting at Bugendore on Sntunlny Slight tlint "lu view of tiie ominous signs of wur nnd whittling down of the financial 'diffi culty) he intended to waive Ids objec tions to the Commonwealth Bill aud vole for It." We Ixdleve Unit there are tUousitnds of men on both sides of the Murray who will follow this patriotic example. "lu the stampede a little girl wns knocked down and trampled upon, though happily she was not seriously hurt." This Is an extract from the re|M»rt of the sensational occurrence at the Opera House on Suturduy night, where a pickpocket sought to cover bis own escape by raising un alarm of "Fire" in the midst of the great audi ence. This Is n law-abiding com munity, aud' It is usual to seek redress for all sorts of wrougs through the medium of the public courts. Yet, we think, even the best rule may have ex ceptions. If the father or the big brother of llmt little girl, who ' wiis Uuocked dowu aud trampled upon by the i>crons inusqueradlng lu the garb of melt who rushed for the doors when the alarm was given, coolly . utid deliberately books un engagement with the miscreant who raised the alarm, we shall have no word of reproach to utter. No, not even If lie Utkc a select party of friends to help him, and such potent nuxUhifles as a bucket of tar and n bag of feathers. We believe thnt the proceeding might he deemed illegal. It may happen that the father or the big brother is prepared to risk that. If so, should they give "The Herald" notice, we'll gladly send a re|s>rlcr and a photographer. That will bo au assu rance that the lesson taught the being who wilfully imperilled hundreds of lives in order to snve his owu miser able skin, is, pour eucountger les autres, faithfully, picturesquely described. Ami Parliament will be spared the trouble of passing a special Act for the suppres sion of paulc-iuougers. Poor little tailoress! Slit? hud given herself a week's holiday, apparently, nnd Hit? i usual sovereign was not forth coming. To no Ulud acquaintance, it would npiH'ur, could she apply hi her hour of need, when, the delightful days of freedom from toll being over, she. bad to "face the music" ul home. SIh'h wages were not, and naturally the pre sumably poor parents who bad count ed upou them, who )»crehi)uce liml care fully reckoned that liecausc of them the rout was ussured, were sadly disap pointed. At eighteen- the Australian girl Is not usually deficient In Imagina tion. Our little tulloresff, self-euiauci- , pated for n whole week from the smell of "slop," and now hard put to It to < accoutit. for the absence of the cus tomary .-overelgn, promptly raised up out of her own cutiselousucss a Iiatri:irch:il robber in a slouch bat, who grablxfl her by the throat in the Flag staff Gardens, and unuexed tho missing coin that never was. Poor girl! Sim is not the only raiser of current ghosts. There are a couple of learned men. blinded by excess of light, busy just now marshalling a fine procession' of spectres wherewith to frigbtthesouls of those who would vote "Aye" on the fird of June. Tlieni we blaine more, anil pity less than we do the poor yet all too Imaginative young lady who did so sadly want, and no doubt thoroughly enjoyed, ibat happy week off. In summing up to the Criminal Court Jury on Friday, lu the case ot the young chemist, Christopher. Cliargcd with the manslaughter of a medical practitioner, Mr Justice Hood referred to the difficulty of deciding the degree of carelessnesa on the part of u defen dant thnt would Justify his being ad judged guilty of a crime, Usunlly, his Honor pointed out, it Is left to the Jury to decide: and oue of the advantages of having Juries Is that they relieve u judge of the Immense and peculiar re sponsibility of determining questions of this kind. But Mr Justice Hood took the opportunity, in the discharge of his share of duty in the case, to Indicate what he considered gross and culpable carelessness to incaii. ' Ills Honor's words will, no doubt, be taken as an Instruction by persons of a lower judl- clul standing than himself, such as coroners and magistrates, who are sometimes confronted by a difficulty in drawing the line lx>tweeu Innocent and culpable carelessness. Ills Honor re marked oil this head:— A mere mistake on the part of accused would not Justify you In making n criminal of him. The most skilful, the most careful man in the world may make a mistake. And. gentlemen, it Is not fair to Judge of a man's mistake after the event— it Is not fair .to say when we see the evil that has followed a mistake. "Oh, I would not have done thntj" What you have to do is to look at the facts as they take place. Put yourselves In - the prisoner's place and then ask yourselves : Did he act rashly, did he net recklessly and with gross carelessness? Was the mistake com mitted by his failing to give that at tention to business which a man In his position ought to give? The advice of the learned judge : "Put yourself in the prisoner's place, and ask . . . Was the mistake committed by ills faltlng.to give Hint attention to bus- ness which a man In his itosHJon ought to glv»?V Is characteristically practical, aud Just the sort of counsel which tin ordinary Criminal Court Jury would be likely to follow. As, we think, the ver dict proved. 