THE STORY TELLER: IN A TIGHT PLACE. Some twenty years ago an old prospector died at the hotel in which I was staying in Tuacon, Arizona. The day after the funeral I was handed a small packet which . he had bequeathed to me as an acknow ledgment of a slight service I had rendered him during his illness. He had very little ? to leave, poor old fellow, and I began to open the packet with some curiosity as to found a piece of rock speckled with small green crystals, and wrapped in a sheet of paper on which something had been ?written so badly that I could make noth ing of it, except that it gave some direc tions about a man named George Gannon. I was still puzzling myself over it when my friend John Harlow came into the loom. John was a tall, broad-shouldered fallow, with a large, fair beard, and fear less, kindly blue eyes. 'When I handed the letter to him and said that I thought it referred to someone named George Cannon, ho looked over it for a minute and then burst into a roar of laughter. ' Why, Jem,' he said, slapping me on the shoulder, ' this is a description of a gorge in the main canon of the Colorado.' Then when T gave him the piece of rock and explained how it came into my posses sion, he continued, 'That's Iime3tone, and — by Jove ! — emeralds !' We both became excited over this dis covery, and although we knew that the description of the gorge might . possibly have no reference to the opecimen, we de cided to 'visit the place at once and tho roughly 'prospect' the c uitry. The following day we started oa our expadition, and after a search extending over four weeks we found a gorge which resembled that de scribed by the old prospector. To mo it Beemed unlikely that the specimen had baen found in such a place. The narrow strip of land sloped down to the river in front of us was covered with waterworn boulders, great sandstone bluffs shutout the view in. other directions, and masses of fallen rock rendered the gorge Impassable. John, however, found a small piece of limestone, and although if. carried no emeralds it was the right kind of forma tion, and as it must have boon washed down the canon we decided to renew our search farther up the river. To accom plish this we had to retrace our steps into a rising country until we were at a sufficient elevation to cross a plateau which lay in a bend of the canon, and then advance along i the top of a stupendous precipice thou sands of feet in height. (Some parts of the canon are over 5000ft. deep.) When we at last found a place where we could again descend we had to lead our horses for two days down slanting ledges and rocky slope? without daring to look into the awful depths below. A bitter disap pointment awaited us. When we reached a large grass-grown flat at the bottom we discovered that both up and down the canon the river washed the perpendicular walls on either side. I was so much dis couraged that I proposed we should make our way back to Tuseon, but John was determined to presevere. 'We haven't half tried yet,' he said. ' If there had been no difficulty about find ing where the emeralds came from they would have been hunted up long ago.' ' I- have it !' he exclaimed, after a moment's thought. ' There's some timber growing at the upper end of the fiat. Let ns make a stout raft of logs, trust to luck, and float down the stream. That's the way to find both the limestone and a place to get at it.' I did not reply, and was still hesitating aB to whether I ought to consent to so wild a scheme when a great uprooted tree stranded on the point where we were standing. My eyes rostod on two groat branches, which had grown so closely together that at 20ft. from thoir junction with the trunk they were only a few feet apart. I felt here was a means of making our journey without the danger attending an ordinary raft of having it torn to pieces against some obstacle in the stream. A similar thought had crossed my part ner's mind, for he anticipated what I was about to say, by pointing1 out how easily we could convert the joined log's into a sort of huge catamaran, or doubled-keeJed boat. We set to work at onco to carry out our purposes, and by night we had chopped through the trunk just below where it joined the two great branches; trimmed the short pieco wo had loft to hold them together in such a way that it would form a bow or cutwater; and constructed on the double log a rough deck or platform, to which we had fastened loops of ropo in order that we could slip our limbs through them to avoid being thrown off into the water when concussion with rocks or drift ing trees became inevitable. The next morning we carried our pro visions on board, secured them firmly, and with long poles we had cut for such pur poses, pushed off into the stream. Our craft was a success, for, although the bow dipped a little when the current ran ran swifdy, the platform remain perfectly dry. The scenery, through which we passed was awful in its grandeur. In some places the cliffs rose to a height that the summits appeared to lean forward, and a narrow blue strip of sky was all that CDuld be seen above them ; in other places the rocky places broke into ten thousand pinnacles, the highest of which glistened in the sun, like silver beacons to euide the drifting cloudy. Twice w« struck ridden rocks with sufficient fjro to prove the necessity of always keeping a tight hold. About an hour after we started our speed had become so great and the shocks our raft received so violent that we were very much alarmed. ' Listen ; what does that mean ?' said John Harlow, as a heavy roaring1 broke upon our oars, and then as we swept round a bend in the river, he shouted : ' Hold on for your life, we are coming to a waterfall !' I slipped my arms and legs through some of the loops. Then I raised mv head, and although I could not see anything of the fall, I formed some idea of the rate at which we were travelling, for several large rocks appeared in the river, ahead of us and no sooner were they in sight than we passed them like a flash. Presently our craft struck something, swung round, and in an instant with the water roaring and boiling round us, went broadside on, against a partly submerged rock. I was half stupefied by the shock, and made no attempt to move, although my sido of the platform was slowly sinking io the flood. The rock which impeded us stood only a few inches above the water, auu ijduii b sme oi me rait naa tiiiea over ii. My brave old partner now did a daring deed. After twisting his hands into one of the loops he threw himself over the side of the raft, placed his shoulder against it, and with his feet resting on the rock, he pushed until wo b?.gan to sheer off, and then sprang back into hia place. During the next few minutes I thought that nothing could save us from destruc tion. We crashed against the side of the cliff, rebounded, whirled round and round, struck rock after rock with the force of a battering ram, then rushed straight forward at racehorse speed. A cry of terror escaped me as the stern of our craft was lifted in the air. Half blinded by spray, down we plunged into the foaming mass below. When the waters closed over me and the daylight was gone, a giant seemed trying to tear me from the raft. I believed my time had come; but just as I thought that I could no longer hold my breath, our brave little craft lifted her bow above the foam, and the danger was past. ' Why the fall can't be more than eight ieet mgu, i snouted as I looked back. ' Eight feet or eighty it nearly did for me/' replied John Hariow,holding on with one hand and ringing the water from his beard with the other. I've had the longest teetotal drink I ever had in my life, and I don't think much of it.' John used to say these sort of things with a ridiculous solemnity that make them really funny. But wo now entered a part of the canon whe ra oven his cheerful spirit became depressed. Peaks, cliffs, and rocks, were stained vermilion ; the same colour was reflected on to everything ; and onco when I withdrew from the rivor a dripping pole with which I had been steer ing, I instinctively wiped my hands j for the clefts and caves appeared like horrible wounds, the water dripping from them like nutnan blood. A few minutes more and we were out of the blinding glarn of the awful plac. Then we came to a- long stretch of the kind of formation for which wo were looking ; and all at onco John Harlow pointed to an opening or flit of semi-circular shape and shouted : ' There's our landing place.' Then ho plied hia pole ao vigorously that our craft come close enough to tho land for him to k-ap ashoru. We made fast to a rock with a strong rope, and our boat swing ing out of the current lay along the bank. After lauding sorm provisions, our rifles, and a fow ofchor things, we lookod round ns. No sunlight could penetrate the dismal place, for high above our heads, a great mass of rook covered it in, and reached so far over the river itself that we were unable to see the top of tho opposite precipice. Huge fungi — white, yellow, brown, and resl — clung along the base of the surround ing cliffs!, while u grey woolly-looking BUb stance of the same family depended like drapery from the jutting oragp, and waved abnut with ev^ry breath of air. As we dried ourselves a*' a fire of drift wood, a sudden gust of wind swept through tho place. Then in the silence that en sued, tho rippling of the river sounded un naturally sharp an 1 clear. Soon we notiood that the gloom round us was be coming intensified ; and at last we could see little of the river — twenty yards away —except fleoKB of foam that hurried past, and white lines where tho water surged against the rocks. Suddenly a vivid lightning flash darted along the face of the opposite cliff. In tho glare the grey and ghostly drapery which hung round the cavernous place where we stood appeared S3 gruesome that I shrank to my partner's sidf-. Almost at the same moment I crouched with fear as an awful thunderclap reverberated along the canon ; the echoes threw back lho sound from wall to wall, and mighty crashes and awful rumbUnga seemed to shake the earth. Tho dazz'ing lightning fl«hes followed each other so* rapidly, that I was able to see John Harlow approach the river bank and make our raft moro secure with a second rope. The necessity ior this pre caution soon became obvious. A wave several feet high came rushing flown the stream, followed by a large number of br^Ken trees which, as they sped past, lifted their naked branches in tho air, like the twisted limbs of huge monsters drown ing in th^ fl -od. Imp- rceptibly it had b'.come lighter ; the utorm had passed and soju died away in distant mutterings. Still ia that caveroou-? place there was not sufficient daylight remaining, to enable us to commence ouc search for emeralds, and, as the ground was damp, we began to look f -r some cave in wbich to pass the night. I had taken one side of the flat and John Hariotv the other, and I was standing somesvhat despondent; at my want of suc cess when my partner cilled to me and pointed to a narrow cleft in the wall. ' See there,' he said ; ' that is the en tranca to a cave so vast that when I waB inside it and first shouted to you fully a minute must have passed before the echoes died away. The fbor slopes upwards, so we are sure to find a dry spot to sleep on, and Jem, old man, if there are emeralds round here there's the place to fLid them.' After a short consultation we decided to bring all our things ashore, and for this purpose we approached the bank of the river. All at once John Hirlow clutched my arm. 'Great heavens!' he cried, point ing to a mass of branches which were being carried rapidly down the stream. 'There goes our raft; some floating trees have become entangled with it, and torn it loose.' My heart stood still. What an awful fate awaited us imprisoned in that loath some place. Our small supply of pro visions would soon be exhausted, and then. . . Despairingly I stooi and g Z3d at the great rock overhead, and tho towering walls that thufc us from the world. Onco I tried to speak, but the words stuck in my throat. Presently John Harlow put his arm through mine, and said : 'It strikes me we've been and gone and done it.' I was already somewhat hysterical, and such a remark at such a time sounded so ridiculous that I laughed till the tears ran down my cheeks. ' That's right ; cheer up, old man,' lie said heartily. u Aud now as it will 6oon be dark you take the things up to the cave, while I collect some driftwood for our fire.' By the time I hud carried my lost load into thu cave, ray partner had laid in a suf ficent supply of fuel to last us through tho night. As soon as we had eaten our supper wo made our fire blaze, and examined our immediate surroundings. There was not much to see. The side at which we hod entered stood out boldly in the ruddy glow, but the rnof and further portion of the sloping floor were lost in darknesB. ' Well,' said John, stretching himself comfortably on the sand, which covered the floor. ' things might have been worse, and you won't make them any hotter by sitting there as solernu as a man at his own funeral. Tomorrow we'll try exploring the cave, and if the ground keeps on rising it may bring us to an outlet oi some kind, f we find that won't work, we'll see if we can't catch a passing log, trim it up with an axe, and ride on it down the stream.' Although our chances of esoape were small, I could not; help b( ing cheered by Harlow's hopeful way of .viewing our situa tion. At last, tired out by our day 'a exertions, we lay down on tho sand and slept. Tbe next morning we had our breakfast in the open air, and then prepared to ex plore the cave. Ooe thing that we had not 'yet decided to our satisfaction was how we were to obtain sufficient light for our purpose. Of our supply of candles six had fortunately' been brought ashore ; but as we would each have to cirry one, these would not ba enough, especially if we had to encounter draughts of air. However, a happy thought occurred to me. Wo had a small can of lard. I melted the greas?, soaked it in pieces of dry wood about 18 inches long, and in this way made eight fairly good torches. With these stuck in our bolts, our small stock of provisions on our backs, and our freshly- ' filled water-bottles slung over our shoulders, we commenced our journey. As we went on, the floor became steeper and steeper, until at last we had to climb, and John'd idea of a possible outlet began to saem reasonable. - ? For about half an hour our exertions kept us silent, but all at once John Harlow, who was in the lead, gave a cry of warning, and we stoppsd. Wo were standing on the elge of whit appeared to bs a great ex panse of mud or water. Oa touching it with my foot, however, it proved to be sand, covered by a ihin crust wbich gay'- way under the slightest pressure. . My partner hesitated about advancing any furih;*r into this unknown country. Alas ! It was I who suggested we should cmtinue on our way. I pointed out, thub ? even though we had no laud-marks to guide us, an I our compass might bo in fluenced by dep)sits of mineral*, still we should leava such a plain track on the perr foctly smooth sand that we could easily return if we wished, without any danger of getting lost. I had no difficulty in bring ing Juhn to my way of thinking, for he was a more adventurous man than I, but did not like to take I he whole responsi bility on hi3 own shoulders. Oa we went for an hour and more, and low reefa of partly decomposed rock begau to make thoir appearance, liko a succession of dark waves rolling towards us. Suddenly John Harlow dropped on his knees so unPXr pectedly that I shot over his head, extin guishing both his torch and my own. At ? tho same moment there was a terrific crash . — a crash so terrible that the earth shook at the concussion ; the air displaced by tba fall of some huge mass of rook rushed past and the whispering echoes becamo less aud less, then died away. ' What has happened,' I cried ' We've come to the emeralds/' snouted my partner, still on his knees, nearly put ting out his freshly-lighted torch as he waved it wildly above his head. ' What do you mean ? Have you gone mad ? Did you not hear that awful crash ?' 1 exclaimed, shrinking back from him. 'Crash? Well, let ifc crash — Jem, my boy, see here — look,' and with trembling hands he scooped up some sand and held it towards me. ' Emeralds ! Emeralds,' he shouted, hoarse with excitement. ' The ground's alive with them ! We're million C41J -^tJ . I could see little green specks shinin' amongst the sand, and had I not previously received a great fright 1 should probably have been as much excited as my partner. Instead of this I felt angry. ' Millionaires, are we ?' I said, pushing away his hands. 'Yes, millionaires, uud with all our wealth we could not purchase a cruat of breal !' - ? . My words brought John to his sensps, and after a short sileccn, ho said in his usual manner : — - 'You are right, Jem. Still, f would rather bo aomowhure else with my pockets full of emeralds than iu here with a crust of bread as big as a church.' Then while trying to scratch one of tho groen crystals with his knife, he ooir-inu'id :— ?' They are emeralds right enough, and m )re of them than I have over soon together in the richost mines in tho world.' We now pickod up handfuls of the sind, blew awuy tho finer particloo, put the stones in our pockets, and contiuued to do so for some time. How long I would have re mained thus employed it is hard to tell ; fur as I i'olt my store increasing I became more and more excited, until my partner impationtly pulled mo to my twt, and, de spito my angry protests, f u'rly dragged mo away. My oxcitoinout soon tubtji led, yet s wo plodded ou the thought of wealth. and happiness in the future made me almost forget the dangers and difficulties of the present. * In half an hour or so, the air became much warmer, and the sand gave place to locks, but the thick dust with which they were coated still retained our tracks. And now we had to stop and discuss a matter on which pur lives might depend. We had lighted our last torch. The candles! how ever, being still untouched, wa determined to use half of them before, giving up all ' .1 hope of an exit, for we thought that if we used but one at a time on our return jour ney, they would carry us' back to the en trance of the cave. We were encouraged to pursue this seemingly reckless coarse by a circumstance which John considered favor able ; and this was that the warm air must have an outlet somewhere, or the tempera ture would have been the same throughout the draftless country we had left behind. So without wasting any more time, we again proceeded on our way. Shortly a great change took place in our surroundings. The ground became rougher as we advanced, and we were obliged to ' climb heights and depths of which, in the intense darkuess, we could form no definite conception.- Yet, judging by the time it took us to descend some of these crevices, a false step meant death. And now, to add to our danger, the air became damp and the rocks slippery. At last we reached comparatively level ground, but dense mists enveloped us so closely that we were con Btantly stumbling over protruding rocks. Then it gradually became clearer, and the moisture overhead was drifting along in clouds. ' Ha ! ' cried my partner, ' there mast be a draught of air to carry the mists alone like that ; somehow I feel tb.at our troubles are almost at an end.' \- Scarcely had the words left his lips than his feet slipped from under him,andhe rollf d aown an incline rowarast— on, troa ! tne awfal sight comes again before my eyes ! —towards a dark, oily, turbid substance, through which bubbles of gas forced tbeir way, accompanied by little jets of steam. 'With a shriek that frcz^ my blood, he dis appeared. And then something rose, smeared with slime, scalded flash hung in ribbons down its face, two skeleton hands were raised as though in prayer. Silently and slowly the ghastly thing sank from my sight, and I — I ? Halfrfrenzied with horr-r, I cried aloud : ' John Harldw, come back, come back !' A hundred echoes in seeming mockery replied : 'Uome back! Come back r I was about to fly, but for a moment stood transfixed by fear. The black, oily liquid rolled about. Spluttering and his sing, the steam escaped in noisome jets ; huge bubbles danced quivering from place to place, as though instinct with life; and shapeless things seemed crawling, and writhing amid the heavy mass.. Then, with a gurgling roar, from out that hideous lake, a great column of mud shot up, its summit hidden in the misty darkness over head. I knew that a scalding shower must soon descend, and, with John Harlow's shriek still ringing in my ears, I ran in terror from the place, ran until I caught my foot against a rook, myjoroh went out, and I came heavily to the ground. As with shaking hands I fumbled for . my matchbox, the darkness seemed peopled with ghastly forms — every way I looked John Harlow's apparition appeared rising from the ground. Onoe more I had a light. Then— on — on!' Delirious with sorrow and fear, I rushed with outstretched arms in pursuit of the retreating mists, and between my gasping sobs I called madly after them to stop and wait for me. At last my overwrought brain seemed numb. I burnt my hand with my expiring torch before I lit a candle to take its place ; felt tired, yob unable to ptop and rest ; passed through heat and stilling sul phurous fumos, yet though wnak and gasp ing, still I staggered on. Suddenly the mists were gone. Looking upwards 1 saw them rising as thoagh impelled by some mysterious power. Grey pillars, formoi by the moisture dripping from above, stood round me. I thought that they were ghosts, yet I was sane enough to be conscious thai my brain was giving away, and shuddered at a shriek of laughter whioh, whilst I knew it to be'iny own, sounded like that of .. some demon rejoicing at my misery. When I -lit my last candle, the memory that it was my last brought mo to my senses. The terror of being left in the dark in that fearful place had cleared my brain. I iound m)self at the edge of a chasm, with sloping sides, and a cry of thanksgiving burst from my lips when I fei[t a cool gust of air blowing from its depths. Hoping to find some outlet below, I commenced the steep descent. The sur face of the rock being decomposed and the hollows filled with sand, I irequently lost, my footing and slid for some distance be fore I was able to stop. At last I found a place where I could sit down and rest. No sooner had I ceased to break the silence by my tread than I heard beneath me the rush of water. ' My retreat is cut off,' I cried, despair ingly, and sprang to my feet. While I leaned forwardsand tried to pene trate the darknpss, the rock on which I stood gave way under me, and I lell with suffi cient force to dash my candle from my hand. I rolled over twice, and then was stopped by a second rock in time to hear the first splash into the water below. It was uselasB to think of finding the candle, for I had jerked it far out into the chasm ; but I still had some wax matches, and I came to the desperate resolution that I would still con tinue my descent, and if water barred my way, to plunge into it anddrown rather than prolong my sufferings. Yet, when I lit a piece of paper and held it blazing above my head, I instinctively threw myself backwards to savo myself from the fate I had just contemplated. The place whero I stood was crumbling under me ; small particles of rock were stream ing down the side of the chasm in all direc tions ; and the smooth, unbroken siope below me, which was now of coarse sand, had become disturbed, and was commenc ing to move djwnwards. Splashes and a low hissing sound as the sand slid into the water told me the destination of this ava lanchp. In another moment 1 had to drop the blazing paper from my hand : my sup port gave way under me, and I was amidst the moving tide. I struggled desperately as I sank deeper and deepar in the treacherous staff. Then, effort to escape, my feet struck something hard, and for a time I was safe on a jatting point of rock. While T lay there gasping I saw something which instilled fresh courage into mo. To my left, some distance below, I saw daylight. Then a groan escaped me — the light had gone ! Yet I could not believe that I had been mistaken; and suddenly, to my relief, I saw the same thing again, and knew that there was an outlet. What caused it to vanish and then reappear I could not understand. A con tinual splashing below warned me to be careful. Before moving it was necessary that I should see something of my sur roundings. I had no more paper to light, but I still had plenty of matches. I stuck half a dozen of hem upright in the handle of my pocket knife, lit them, and looked round me. I was on an island amidst the moving said. Twenty feet below me, a great rock, which in shape resembled the steep roof of some huge building, projected from the slope of the moving sand and divided it into two streams; the one to the right pouring into some underground lake or river, the one on the left making its way towards the opening. I felt hopeful when I noticed that the solid formation was a^nady beginning to show itself through the d- creasing debris, and I had commenced to think that in time 1 might be able to climb down to the opening in safety, when a new daoger threatened me. Masses of loose reck above me, which had been partly supported by the sand, had begun to fall, and several boulders came ploughing down the slope. My position was a terrible one ; at any moment I might be crushed to death; the very place whero I was standing might give wayand hurl me' on to the rock below; or a great boulder b 02k up the opening and seal my fate. By this time I had used up nearly all my matches ; to be left without the means of making a light would be mad ness, and I quickly made up my mind what to do. X allowed I he matches that were alight to burn themselves out ; then looked towards the outlet. It was uncovered, and the daylight shining through it rnide a track along the sand. The top of this streak was about fifteen feot to my left, and gathering myself together, I sprang towards it. But my feet struck a piece of rock nnd I plunged head first into tho sand beyond. For a minute I struggled to extract myself, but the limit to my en durance had been reached, and I became uncouscious. When my senses returned, I lay for many minutes trying to think where I was. On either side was a great cliff, above the moon shone calmly as she floated through the fleecy, clouds. Thinking that I had awakened from a horrible dream, I wearily raised my head, and looked round me. I was laying at the base of a huge cone shaped heap of decomposed rock, its apex resting against the cliff, and terminating io. sone black, ragged object, which I could not quite make out at first. Soon, however, a peculiar hissing noise struck my ear, and, as I gazed upwards, the black object showed itself to be a kind of irregular archway, through which a grey torrent of small particles poured down the cone, and I knew that it must be the exit from the scene of my sufferings. For days I wan dered in a network of interesting gorges with perpendicular sides. Once with my revolver I killed a squirrel, and so badly did I need food that I ate it raw. Another time I used my ragged shirt as a net, and caught some minnows in a pool. I have dim memories of Indians giving me food ; and once, I think, they fl9d before me, as though I were some dangerous animal. Then one day I found myself being care fully tended by rough but kindly hands — some prospectors had found me. Years have passed since then, and though I have twice been very poor, the wealth buried in that dreadful place has never tempted me to revisit the scene of my awful experience. 