AN ANGEL OF INNOCENCE. CHAPTER XXXIX. The young man who had been ad- <*> dressed as Racer,' by the brawny, dissipated-looking, ugly old hag, and who had really saved Eve's life, was yet examining with eager interest-tho features of that face which ho had in voluntarily pronounced to bo lautho's, when the old woman returned, at tended by Bet Blazo, Boss-oyo, and ? Daffy's alixor.' Tho woman who boro the appella tive Blazo, which was probably a nick name, liko Rufus, bestowod on account of tho startiing redness of her hair, was young, perhaps not moro than twenty years of ago. Drink and de pravity had aged hor, and sho looked at least thirty. Sho was thin and angular ; her complextion was liko that of a boiled fowl, cooked in dirty, greasy water. She was very much freckled ; and her light, exceedingly blue eyes were disfigurod by a most decisive squint. One oyc, indeed, seemed defiant of all control; it roamed rapidly about its limited socket, and seemed to take an especial delight in secroting itself in one or other of its corners. Sho had a shrill voice, and, to a fastidious connoisseur, would not have appeared au attractive person. Boss-eyo was simply an unmitigated ruffian, of that class of which fewpor- Bons think without horror. Ho was squat-built, bow-logged ; ho looked as if he possessed great etronglh and bruto courage. In reality ho pos sessed noithor. Ho would not have hesitated to aid, in the company of two or three others, to attack a man, especially in the dark ; ho would not have scrupled to strike a man from behind with a bludgeon, a life-preserver, or a poker, or to stab him in tho back with a shoemaker's knife for want of a better ; ..but to face a mnn on equal terms he regarded as a pieco of foolhardiness, of which he had too much self-love, to say nothing about common souse, to bo guilty. His couutouanco, if seen advancing in a rather lonely thoroughfare, would have sufficed to make a discreet man button up his pockets with celerity, and hold his watch with a tight grip. The pupils of his eyes were painfully large, and his vision in consequenco was defective. It was from a peculiarity ho had of missiug the ob ject at which ho aimed with his hnuds which procured for him tho sobriquet of- Boss-eye. ' Daffy's alixer' was—we are not prepared to say that it still retains it —one of tho cant terms for neat gin. In low public-houses the barmen readily knew what to servo when re quested to furnish ' 'arf a kevarteu o' Daffy's alixer;' and as it was supposed to have the property of restoring ani mation when life was in a flickering condition, no doubt it was. regarded ao nn olir.r. WI., lb ?Uit Daffy with being tho inventor or original compounder, wecannotunder tako to say. We never heard of Daffy iv connection with any other spirit uous mixture; in fact, we humbly con ? fess wo know nothing about Daffy at all. However, the landlady, who bore a bottle half filled with tho trans parent liquid in her grimed fist, had the strongest faith in its efficacy. She had drank it in largo quantities for years, as tho horrible crimson hue of her blotched face denoted ; and while she believed that it would do every one good who took it regularly, and ' very' frequently, as a tonic, sho was convinced that it would not hurt a ' babby.' ' 'Ear, come out o' the cart, Racer !' he cried, placing her hand upon the arm of tho young man she had pre viously addressed by that ; epithet ' Let mc give her a toothful o' Daffy. She'll soon wako up a'ter that.' But he thrust her back, and that not in a ceremonious manner. ' Leave her alone,' he said in a low, firm tone. ' Sho will recover without tho nid of that stuff. , ' Stuff !' echoed the old woman ; ' it's stuff that you'd liko to a , got, when you were playin' bo-peep behind the gridiron, aforo you were lagged. , \- 'No matter, , rejoinod Racer,-firmly ; ' I say leave her alone. , ? ? You say !' ropeated the damsel with the fiery locks. ' Come, I like that. "Who are you ?' The young man looked for a moment steadily and sternly at her,, but did not vouchsafe a reply.. ~-? ;??;,? ' Stand out o' the way,'; Racer,; an , none o' your ro,t,' cried-the gMiuy. ojd landlady. ' The gal's timraersom'e an' frighted. She's nevor been in such a crib as this afore, an' she's half crazy ; a drop o' Mixir will do her a' world o' good.' ' 1 shall not stand out of the way, iior shall you give her any of that fiery filth, , he exclaimed with determina ation, as he again thrust the old hag unceremoniously back. *'A_ bucket of boiling oil poured down your case hardened throat would not hurt you — perhaps it would do you good ; but a teaspoonful of that raw spirit would poison thatyouug and gentle lady.' 'Walker! , observed Boss-eye, em phatically. : 'Gammon! P'ison her! ha! ha!' remarked Miss Blaze, laughting de risively. . ' Well, lam blessed!' ejaculated ?the landlady, with unaffected amazo lnent. ' You've been lappin' suthin' this mornin' as is got into your 'ed, Racer. Now, look 'ere ; I ain't a ?goin' to stand any more o' your chaff. You hook it, an' leave that 'ero gal to mc. , ' That ie just what I am not going to ? do,' returned Racer, contracting his brows. ' It is tlio very advico 1 am about to givo to you. , Ho poiuted to tho door as he con cluded. ' : ' The bioko's off hie pimple, , cried tho landlndy, with a vacant luugh. ' My senses were never cloaror than they are at this moment,' returned Racor, quickly, yot calmly ; nor did 1 ever fool more determined on any point than I do now on this—that you shall nil leave this room immediately.' The landlady turned round to her companions, and stretched out hot , hands in an appealing form, for she knew enough of Racer to see that he was in earnest. ' P'raps the ken ain't mine, , she cried huskily, ' p'rhaps the gal wasn't giv'n to mo to take care on ; p'raps I'm in a slashin' fuddle,an , adreamin"! 'Ear! some on you, gi' mo a scrap on the conk, or a pinch under my ving. Leave the room amodjetly! not if_ this blessed babby knows it!" ' S'ep mo bob, Racer, you are a lashin' over the traces, an' no 'par tik'ler error,' elegantly observed Miss Blazo, regardtug Racer with amazed and questioning eyes —at least, with the ono which was not playfully dis posed. ' Whatever is your little game ?' ' Been a lushin', o' coorso,' observed Boss-eye, with promptitude, speaking dogmatically and oppressively. A. long-drawn, yet low, plaintive moan proceeded from Eve's lips at this moment. All but Racor listened to it with "a scarcely-suppressed shudder. Presently the landlady, with some excitement, cried— ' She's a dyin' ; an' if she turns her toes up 'ero, I lose a swag. I will give her a mouthful o' my caudJe. Out o' the cart, Racer.' As she spoke, sho pushed tho young man violently from tho position ho had taken up, and ran up to the bed side, with the iutoutiou of pouring somo of tho gin out of tho bottle down Eve's throat; but beforo sho could accomplish her object, the bottle of contention was wrouehed out of hor hand, and flung through the open win dow. It soared through the air liko a rockot, and fell into the back yard of a distant neighbour, at whoso foot it descended with a crash and spiit into a thousand fragments. Tho fragrance that instantly as ceuded to his noelrils told him the nature of the precious liquid which— from his point of view—had been thus recklessly wasted ; and he knelt down to tho dirty ground, in order, if he could not sup up a littlo of tho ' spilt milk,' that he might inhale with entrancemout tho perfume that yot hung around tho broken pieces of the green glass ' vase'— You may broak, you may shatter tho vaeo if you will. But tho scent of tho roses will hang round it still. At tho same time Racer seized tho landlady about the waist, and hurled her back towards the door, with a force which prevented her recovering her perpendicular, and she fell with violence to tho ground. In a poromptory tone ho ordered Miss Ulazn .irid 'Ross-eve to quit-the apartment, and he warned tho??? ot tho consequences of refusing to obey him. Miss Blaze, with shrill volubility, set him at defiance, and assisted the landlady to rise, in the expectation that, when she had recovered her breath, she would renew the attack ; and Boss-eve looked anxiously about the apartment for something to servo for a bludgeon, that ho might take Racer unawares, and fell him, by a tromenduous blow, senseless to the ground. ' But Racer was in no degree moved by tho gasps and groaus of tho land lady, the ' Billingsgate' of Bet Blnze, or the palpably ferocious intentions of Boss-eye. He saw from a sidelong glance, that Eve had partly risen trom her couch, and was gazing with amazed terror at the party who wore contend ing for the privilege of making her acquaintance. Ho was nnxious to spare her a scene which, though she might not under stand it, would not fail to horrify her; and under tho impulso of an excite ment, which he had hitherto success fully suppressed, ho dragged up tho landlady from tho iloor with such force that she staggered and oscillated to and fro so rapidly she would have fallen again but for the interposition of Miss Blaze, who' caught her round the waist and steadied her. 'Let him have it, mother,' observed the latter spluttering her advice through her uneven teeth. ' Let him have it old 'un ! I'll back you. Como on, Boas-oye ! We ought to be enough for that shavin , . Go in, Boss-eye, and give him one !' Racer, however, placed his hand upon tho- shoulder of the landlady, and, contracting it until sho squealed; Baid, - in a low fierce tone — 'Mother Carbuncle, woman, you know mc. You know that I keep my word; and, by the heaven that made mc, if you do notdescondto your slum below, I'll fling you down to it.' 'And mo au' all, I suppoee, Mr Topsawyer ?' intervened Miss Blaze. 'And you, too,' ho rejoined, quickly: ' I'd like to sco you do it, my nabs,' she cried putting her arms akimbo. ' I'm not to be floor'd by a bit o' red rag. Chuck mc down stairs! Come on?! Chuck mc down statrs ! I'll have one round with you, if I do get the wust of it. Now, then, Boss-eye, sparkle up, my pippin !' Tho'pippin' made tho attempt to sparklo up. Ho took a step nearer to Racer, and putting on a ferocious ex pression, he aaid— ' Thie 'ere won't do, my swell. What ha' you got to do with the gal ? Who axed you to interfere atween her an' mother ? You stop it while your crab- shell is in repair, or I'll paint your mug ' -- . Racor seized him suddenly by the neckcloth, with n strength which ap peared to bo almoHt superhuman. ' What right I have to interfere betwoon Mother- Carbuncle and that young lady,' he exclaimed, forcing hie words between hie grating teeth, 'is my own affair. At all ovonte, it is nimo of youra. Now, mark mc, Boss-oyo, if you do not go quietly down the stairs without nil instant's hesitation, I'll fling you out of the window.' ' You will ?' growled Boss-eye, in effectually trying to remove Eacer'e hands. ,' I will ?' muttered itucer, in a tone of determination. At the same moment he commenced to drag the ruflian towards the win dow. , ?? .-"if ; , '' So superior was his' strength to that of the besotted scoundrel in his hands 'that the wiudow was gained without Boss-oyo having the power to prevent it. As the cool air blew on to his face, a cry of terror buret feom his lips. Instinctively Miss Blaze and Mother Carbuncle ran Up, caught hold of him, and coannenced to drag him back towards the door. The old woman at tho same time called out — ' ' Turn him up, Racar —turn him up ! Ho don't mean no harm. He'll pad it if you'll let go on him.' But Racer: wpuld. not releaso his hold ; ho seemed bent on carrying hie threat of casting the ruffian to the basement from the parapet iuto execution. " . ' ?Tho old woman, seriously alarmed, as she found that Racer's strougth was certainly equal, if not superior, to their united forces, promised lustily to quit the apartmont, and to take her ' pals' with hor, if ho would inform her why ho wished to be loft alone with her new charge. A pnrloy was at longth agreed to, and for the moment tho struggle ceased, although Kacor refused to re lease Boas-eye. ' ' I will not listen to a word until Boss-eye betakes himself to tho slum below!' ho exclaimed with determi nation ; when tho gentleman with the diluted orbs expostulated with him on account of feeling, as ho said, as if ho ' was bom, scragged.' ' All right,' responded Boss-eye, with a kind of ' chirk, , as Racer con cluded. 'My name's Walker. I ou'y come in 'cos irother piped to mc. Bless yer 'art, I don't want to stay, I don't.' ' Then off with you, , rejoined Racer, and gave him a lurch towards the door. Boas-eye shook himself, gave a side long glance of deadly malignity at Eacor, and, champing his parched tongue and lips together, he lumbered out ot the room. Bacer ? listoned 'to his retreat ing footstops until he was sure that the eounds ceased only because ho had entered au under ground .iparttneut. Then ho returned to Mother Carbuncle, from whose un gainly person ho had not for one moment removed his eyes, and said, in the same determined, peremptory tcuo which ho had before employed when epeak ing to her— —- ' Tim only exnlanation T shall condescoiul 10 give to you, Mother Carbunclo, is that I am desirous of speaking with this young lady alone. First, however, I am anxious to pro cure for hor something to eat and something that sho can eat. She is faint, becanse she is famished.' ' I put her a lovely breakfast there on the tablo, an' she ain't touched a blessed bit on it,' interposed the old harridan. Eacer waved his hand. He glanced at the orange and drab bread and butter on the tea furniture, and bia lip curled scornfully. ' And could not touch a bit of it; if sho were at the last gasp from starva tion, , he said, bitterly. ' She has been accustomed to Eomethihg very dif foront; and somethtng very different she must and shall have. , ' Ha! ha! laughed Miss Blaze. ' I'll be blowed if you ain't fallen spooney !' Eacer . ' . ? I forgot you were here.' He seized her wrist, and gave it a twist, which made her shriek, and led her towards the door. ' May I trouble you ??' he said, as she made a screaming resistance. ' The devil's in the boy!' cried Mother, .Carbuncle, as she ran up to Misa Blaze; and putting her arm round her waist, she assisted.to hurry , her to the door. 'Go on down, But, my chuck," she added hurriedly, ' the boy will have his way. -Go on down to the snuggery, pet. I'll be with you directly myself. G-o on, Bet. I'll stand half a pint o' the caudle ?when I come down.' ~ Miss Blaze, because she found resist ance useless, permitted herself to be coaxed, ceased to struggle, quited the room, and descended to tho den nt the basement, styled ' the snuggery,' to hanker for tho gin promised, to con fer with Boss-eye, and to concoct with him some scheme by which they could revenge themselves on Eacer, and also upon poor, Eve, because she had been the proximate cause of the treatment they had ex perienced at the hands of their strange companion. As soon as Miss Blaze was out of hearing, Eacer returned to Mother Carbuncle ; aud, gripping her wrist with the force and tenacity of a vice, he pointed to Eve, who was seated on j the bedside, with hor face buried in her hands, and said, authoritatively— ' Mrs Barclny, how did that young lady fall iuto this den ?' ' She was brought to mc by a hold swell as I've kmown for years, , was tbe gurgling reply. ' His name ?' . _ - .' He's my landlord !' ' His name ?' ' He's a out an' out swell; a lord or a nobleman, blest if I know which.' ,'. Ilia name ?' ' Took my son when a babby, an' made'a , tip-topnbb on. him. , . . ' His name, womiu ?' i , ' He's a goin' to bring my boy omo to bod mvi an , '' ' '' * ' His nnine, you wretched old fool ?' porsisted Eacer, passionately. ' AVhat is his namo ?' ' Don't know it, , sho replied, trem bling. 'If I did, I daren't blow it. llo'd cut my throat if I wus to. , ' Why did he bring her to you ?' ho inquired, after a moment's considera tion. ' As a lodger, , sho answered gut turally; a lodger, Racer —a lodger, my pink.' * As a lodger only ?' ho interro gated sternly. 'Tell mc all! You know what I will do if you iinprisou. your tonguo with your.: teeth, Mrs Barclay.' ? \ 'Well, chorrib, to got her livin , , too,' sho returned in acar.ioying tone. ' Wo inuet all live, you know, Racer; an' if we ain't got ,the brads in the long stockin , , we must earn 'era ; an , , , she added, lowering her voice, ' tho gnl'a got to earn hern." Sho glanced round her, while reduc ing her voice to a whisper,' her eyelids trembled, and her lip* quivered as if eho fancied that a terrific phantom was at her elbow, pouring awful threats into her ear. Racer's brows lowered till they nearly obscured his. eyes. Tho old woman, with n cold, thrill, heard hie teeth grate together. Shje, opened her oyos wide,; aud. inflated her nostrils, when he said,- in a'"slow deliberate tono — , ' But ho placed in your hands a sum of money for her. support until she could obtain etnpldymont at needle work, or souio task of that kind ?' ' Not a far-don, , returned tha hag, with vehemence; ' not a blessed far den ; not even the ghost of a mag. Says ho to mo, says ho, * If you find she hain't any money about her, you must make her look about an* earn" some. She's got talons, , .he says, ' an' she can soon pi:k up a good bit o' money,' says he ; ' but don't lot her out of your eight a minnit," says ho, ' or you'll lose your rent, an' all she may owe you besides. Mind, I dou't intend to pay you" a scurrick ou her ' account.'' Tho woman paused and gulped, much as if she had an excoriated throat. ?'?' What more ?* exclaimed Racer, in the same authoritative* determined tone. .-..'.'.Nothiii* more, Racer, my chuck, , sho answered, fawniugly. 'When he'd said that, he stepped it; and the next 1 Boo'd of the gal she was just agoic , to write 'omo to her frien'e, by jumpiu' off the porapperot there. , 'And this is all you can tell mc? , ho demanded, looking lixodly at hor. 4 Don't attempt to deceive mo, Mrs Barclay.' ? Every blessed word,' she answered with emphasis. ' An' it's the truth, chickabiddy ; just as..if I'd tell it if I was astaudin', at eight o'clock in the inorniu' belore the jug, with tho sheriff's foglo round mv squeeze, an' my onrs was bein' stuffed with cotton.' Wo must hero explain to tho reader Unversed ill the lnugunge uuod Ity tl.o predatory tribes of London, that Mistress Burclay intended to say, in good English, that sho was as truthful at that moment as if she had been standing beneath tho drop before Newgate, with a hempen halter round her neclc, listening to tl>e exhortations of the Reverend Mr Cotton, who was at that time the chaplain at Newgate. Racer released her wrist, upon which he had left a dull, rod mark, aud sho rubbed it tenderly, uttering a whining ' Oof, oof, oof !' as she did so. She was about to quit tho room, but he stopped her. He took a pocket-book from his coat, tore from it a blank leaf, and wrote something upon it in pencil. He folded up the paper, and putting it, with some money, into the hands of the old harridan, he said— ' Attend to that, and bring tho articles as quickly as you can. Away with you!' . Mother Carbuncle needed no second . command : but without even glancing at Eve, she hurried from the squalid chamber. Racer followed her to the door, and closing it, drew a email bolt into its socket, and then turned to Eve. The slight sound which he made by that simple act causod Eve to remove her hands, and gazo at him, then at the still open window, and once more upon him. Ho had romoyed his hat and he stood motionless, still close to the door. Eve saw that ho was yet young, fair-eoinploxioned, lithely and grace fully formed, and possessed all the at tributes of a far higher class of tho human race than those by whom ho had been surrounded', notwithstanding that bia garments,, iv style and fashion, were such as are gener ally worn by tho lower class of criminals. His hnir was cut very close to his scalp, and his face was wan, thin — nay pinched; his eyes were sunken, and the form of his frontal bone was sharply and distinctly defined, though ? it was as white as snow, and as polished as ivory. His largo blue eyes, seeming larger from the haggard expression of his features, were fringed with large dark eyelashes, and were turned upon her with a goutlo, reassuring expression, which at onco removed from her all apprehension of him. The eye is a remarkable indicator of a mental purpose. It \vill_ betray a secret intention, if every facial muscle be rigidly composed. The dissembler who can perfectly control its move ments and it 3 expression need scarcely fear botrayal by tho involun tary, movement of nny other feature, not even excepting tho mouth. Eve was encouraged by the look she saw turned upon her to speak to one who had not only roecucd her from death, but liad boldly stood between her and contact with persons, whose appearanco alone filled hor with ab horrence. Sho impulsively arose from her seat, and approached him ; but she tottered, for she felt dizzy and con fused, ami was scarcely able to pre vent hersolf from falling at every step. Ho immediately seized a chair, and presented it to her. ' Bo seated, pray !' ho exslaitned, in a very different tone to that ho hud used to Mother Carbuncle and her as sociates. ' I can see that you are very much exhausted. , 'I am, , she replied, faintly, as sho: sank ou the chair to which he bad as-j sisted her. He remained silent, ne if ho wished' her to speak, to make some appeal to him. Presently with quivering lips she faltered— 'It was you who. intervened be tween mc aud the dreadful people, who havo just quitted us. It was' you who stood between mc and death. You believe that you havo acted as a friend to mo ; but I—l—do not.' 'No?' he ejaculated, interro gatively ; and then added in a eofter tono, ' Why not?' Sho clasped her baude together, and exclaimed, with a burst of emo tion— - - ?*:,., ' Because I wish so earnesly to diH.'. Ho remained silent, so that" 1 " her tears might have their way. Then, bending his head towards her he eaid in a low tone — 'Is it becauso you have suffered deeply that you wish to die?' ' It is,' she returned, almost in audibly. Ho passed his thin white hand over his forehead, and his cheat heaved twice or thrice. - -.>.;? ? ' Pardon mc, , he observed in an un steady voice, after a short pause, ' you can have tasted but a very small portion of misery. Unless I err greatly you are fresh from a luxurious, home, nflluencc, enjoyment—all that could lend an imaginary charm to life. Is it not so ?* . She bowed her head; she was almost too weak to reply. 'You are appalled by tho change between the home you have left, and this wretched sink of dirt and degro dation, , he continued ; 'you are dis mayed and afflicted at tho leap from affluence to penury, which you have been compelled to take ; and you would have sacrificed your life becauso you had not the courago to face tho ordeal.' ' I am appalled at tho change,' she responded, faintly. ' I am bewildered, horror-stricken—l know not how to express the emotions my present posi tion has created. Yet, were that all, I have the courage to face it, to en dure much there may be to follow, and riso superior in all such trials. It is not that change that has made life a burden to me.' Ho gazed steadfastly at her for more than a minute, and persued.her features with earnest penetration. _ At last he broke the silence. "'?/' ' You havo hail juur ono entrancing, ecstatic dream of love, I fear,'' ho observed, with much feeling ; v 'you havo been rudely awakened from it, and you fear that it has been dissi pated for over. Iβ it so ?' She remained silent. ' You have had to bear a bitter trial, I admit,' he rejoined; and added quickly, ' But y"ou would have .placed yourself beyond the power of triumph ing over it by an act of sinful mad ness. You would have cut yoursolf off from all hope ' 'There is no hope loft!' she. inter posed, abruptly, though feebly. 'Who shall say that?' he asked, almost sternly. ; >- t ??' ' ' Death !' sho answered, with, an im pressiveness that made him start. He turned a ghastly hue; clammy drops of perspiration stood thickly upon his forehead. He removed them with his handkerchief as he paced tho room. Presently he returned to her. 'Death does, indeed, stifle hope, , he muttered, speaking apparently with as painful an effort as it had cost Eve; but are you suro that death has stepped between you and hope ?' ' I am—almost sure,' she murmured. ' But are you sure ?' he pressed. Sho shook her head ' I cauuot be sure,' sho said in a whisper; yet it is to mc tho same as if I had seen the dreadful death of which I have only heard.' 4 Heard !' ho ropeated, with almosta scornful laugh. ' How much have I heard, verified upon oath, which has not possessed eve:i a scintilla of truth iv it? I bid you hope, and to cling to hope as a drowning mnu clings to any waif that comes in his way. Hope, mark mc, will befrieiuliyou at if. you will but havo faith in the end which is to come.' This conversation, which might well appear unusual, considering tho source from whence it originated, did not seem so to her. The man called Eacer was evidoutly ono of superior stamp, and spoko a langunge which, together with its tone, was familiar to her ears. He hud acted with —appar- ently, at least—friendly intentions towards, and it was much, in her terrible condition, to moot with one who professed to be—aud no doubt was —well disposed towards her. As sho believed that ho had acted to her in good faith, so she had not hesitated to reply to the questions he had put to her. She was, howover, startled, when he said, abruptly— ' Was it Sir Merle Adamant brought you hither?' Sho regarded him with unaffected surprise ; but eho answered, without hesitation— . . ' It was. Do you know him ?' aho interrogated, in her turn. ' ? ' I do,' he replied, in a tone of vin dictive bitterness which no pen could doscribo. ...After he said, ' Aro you' desirous ? of returning to his paternal guardianship tf^'-V.'_V.-L ' No !' she returned, quickly. Again thoro was a short pause. He broke it by asking, abruptly— ' Have you a sister ?' . ? ' I have !' eho returned, again eye ing him with astonishment. ' What is her name ?' lie interro gated. 'She is called the Duchess of Old caatle. , ' But her Christian naino ?' he in quirod, huskily. 'laiithe! , replied Eve, remarking, with silent wonder, the strong, and even convulsive, emotion which shook hia frame. ' You—you do not —you cannot in- i tend to infer that that lanthe is ! married to tho aged Duke of Qld castlo?" ho murmured, w:th a petri fied stare. ' She is called the Duchess' of Old castle,' returned Eve, pained by the f*ha?tly whiteness which overspread hia features. ' must bo some hideous mistake !' he gasped. ' She could not marry him—unless the forced story of—tell mc, I entreat you, what you know of this mockery of a marriage— was it contracted recently ?' 'I think so, , replied Eve, feebly; >yot Ido not know. I have heard her ,spoken of by Sir Merle as the Duchess -pi Oldcastln—of that I am euro. , ' God help mc !' ho cried, clasping his hands together. '? Ho sank into a chair, bowed hie face down low, and groaned bitterly. Eve marvelled greatly at his behaviour. What could ho know of her sister lanthe ? His garb Ecemed to stamp him as one who could never havo known her, spoken to her, or even seen her, save from a distance. Why should he bo so affected becauao her sister had married a" duke, even though thero ivas a great disparity between their ages ? Paint and exhausted as sho was—. so feeble, indeed, as to be scarcely able to concentrate her mind on any ?one object—sho was yet startled and amazed by his questions and his behaviour. At this juncture, however, there came a sharp knock at the door, and ho instantly sprang to his feet. In a moment his manner became calm and composed. He bent over her, and whispered— ' Not a word of what has passed between us, as 3'ou hope to pscape from this polluted e'en. Trust in mc. I will .befriend and savo you. , He moved quickly to the door, and unbolted it. Ho then admitted Mother Barclay, who was carrying a tray, upon which was placed some cold fowl, bread, and other such articles of food. Clean and delicate enough they were to have tempted the most fastidious appetite. He made the old hag place the trity upon the chair, and then .he motioned to her to quit the room. Sho obeyed him without a wor I, rather, indeed, as if she was glad to make her escape. . .. . „ "When she was gone, he turned to 12ve. and said, solemnly— ' Your life was not given you to -take at your will. It is the common lot of humanity to suffer—its duty to bear it. Be silent, and hope. Sleep in peace, assured that for to-night, at least, you will be in safety. In the ' morning I will confer with you again, and then suggest a course for the future. * As he concluded, he bent to her with the air of a gentleman, glided from the room, and she heard him lock the door without, remove the key, and descend the stairs. . ? ?-~? (To be continued.) 