A GHOST STORY. It was some years ago (says an English writer), while I was stopping at the hotel in Lawton, a little village in one of the Western States of America, that the following inci- dent . occurred:— One everiing, after finishing my supper, X started' for my room, which was on the se cond floor, and, as I passed the reading- room, my attention was attracted by the ex cited tones of some one within, who seemed to. be relating a story. Just then a man opened the door, and I caught the words, "The. ghost then made a leap." My curiosity Was excited, and, pushing open the ' door, I entered. In the centre of the floor stood a young fellow, with white hair' and long, lanky- legs, who was telling, with great earnestness, of how lie passed a cave, -about 'a milo from the village, called the "Ghost's Cave" by the Inhabitants of Law ton, ' who firmly bellbved that a spirit had taken- up its abode itt'the gloomy cavern. "The ghost made: a leap," the fellow was saying- as I entered,, .-"and gave an awful .kind ;of yelping screain, and then riln baclc . Into . the cave howling and moaning fear fully. I was so scared that I just picked up and run— run all the way to the village here. Tell ypu, nothing could get me to go back . there again!" Of course, lie was the hero of the occasion, and as the crowd pressed around him I turn ed to a man sitting near me to make some inquiries. It boomed . that the. young follow, whose name was Waters, had been over to see an uncle, who lived two miles away, and being delayed, in getting off ho was overtaken by. darkness Tyhlle yet some distance from tile village, - . ... ... ,,lMi His path_ led by the ghost's cave, and al though lie had half a notion to go around by another road, he at last "braoed up," as the man expressed it, and moved on. As he wared tlio cave he saw the ghost sitting in the entrance, its two eyes glaring down at - him in ci frightful manner. Waters was al- most dead with fright, but ho managed to pick upja stone and fling it at the white ob- Ject. Whether he hit it or not ho could not tell, but, at rtny ratd, the object gave an "aw ful scream," and disappeared. "7 reckon you don't want to go back there ag- In to-night," said one of the men, with a i ' I„'?onA., rPll6(1 the young man decidedly. "And I'll venture to say," ho ' ndded, "that there Isn't a man in this room Hint's bravo enough to visit tho cave to night. No one said anything for a moment, when' the silence was broken by a little black-eyed fellow in tho corner, who spoke. In a low. ' quiet voieo: "I am not afraid to go back to the cave, hfi'l I'll not only visit it, but will explore.lt, . and find out what this ghost, as you call it,1 is before I return." Everyone looked at tho man in astonish- , ment, as he rose from his seat and left the room; and as the door closed behind him- he wns commerited on without mercy. The next morning I met the landlord, > in . /the hall, and asked him about the man who hod gone to visit the ghost's cave— if he had discovered anything. ' : "Yes," said the landlord, as he led the way into the dining-room; '"tnls man went out to the cave — seems ho knew pretty near - whoro it was — and sat dowri on n, log to. rest niul look about n bit. Directly the ghost tamo out, and, seating itself near the en trance to t.lio cave, began to howl. The man . —whose name, by the way, is Samuel Flem-' ing— raised .his gun at this moment arid fired. The„ white thing uttered an awful yell, and jumped straight up in the air at least - ten foot, but, when it fell, it lay motionless on . the ground Fleming then went up and ex amined the ghost, and what do you think it . was 7 It was nothing more than a white wolf — a coyote — which had its den in the cave," , ' 