l)TORie?> the golden trap. BV CHARLES D. LESLIE. Copyright. « was striking as Mr. Herbert Inntoaelied his house m Blooms- mmw' lie was fumbling in his pocket trSChkey when a sudden resolve made hindn 'it was the sudden puff of wind led lis face as he stood, hearing flint fragrance from the flowers m the 3 h "„ „ the centre of the square, per- f Ike recollection that he had taken no taP . itaTdav. or merely the idle whim :f;ri lc11an With no one but himself to "w but a reluctance to enter the house "Tto to bed came upon him, and he de rided to take a long walk through the empty Son streets in whichever direction Ins fcfl.TsSn ""'s May, and the subtle touch „f spring had not evaporated from the 1e 7C in spite of the miles of bricks and he it had passed to reach filoomsbury. The soft intangible air played round him caresinglv, inviting him to remain out of doors- W'th a final E,anCe -at ,USe standing wrapped in solemn silence and re- I cnectabilitv, he turned westwards. I Ue ,valkcd swiftly, with the firm tread I a strong man, his feet echoing on the empty pavement, for he chose the less fre- ouentcd roads, by this time almost deserted. It is impossible at any hour to find London jtreets entirely so, and as yet there was plenty of traffic 011 the main streets, a little of which strayed into his path as he went knight eab passed him, drawn by a wretched horse. Two drunken men were inside, singing in maudlin voices; the driver, half drunk also, thrashed the wretched horse too weak to move beyond a shuffling trot, the whole forming a cynical commen tary 011 the city which sends missionaries to every part of the globe. Here and there lie met a belated reveller returning from thea tre or music hall; the face of a woman, handsome once, but showing haggard under her paint, Hashed on his under a lamp post; further 011 a wretched tramp sat crouching on a door step trying to snatch a few I minutes' sleep before the next policeman I moved him on. Above all twinkled the stars, I looking down with serene disdain. Such 3 things were, sncli things would be, for the I world alters little. I Mr. Pattison heeded nothing of what he I raw. He lmd been to a dull dinner party, 1 then to his club, which had been equally I dull. He felt irritable anil restless, and de- 1 voted himself to walking off this feeling. I He was a big. good-looking man of about I 30, with a sensitive lip belied by his air of I calm British stolidity; well off, materially, j lie would perhaps have been happier it i obliged to work, but he had no occupation | or profession. Of course he had a hobby, all I idle men have, it is tlio only thing which I prevents them dying of boredom. He was I the happy possessor of one of the finest col lections of china in England. His house was fall of china cups and plates, they lined the walls, they filled innumerable cabinets bought to hold them, they were the one trouble of Miss Marian Heath, a relation of his mother's, who kept house for liim, and whose placid existence was only marred by the fear that a clumsy servant might break tome precious specimen of china ware. It was a curious coincidence that while his feet were bearing him on to an adven ture destined to alter liis whole existence his mind was dwelling on the prosaicness of modern life in general, and liis own in. par ticular. lie was feeling bored and unuble to make up his mind as to his future plans. Presently it occurred to him that he had been walking now for sometime. Heslacken- ed his pace, and looking round wondered where he was. His geographical knowledge of north-west London was limited. The Edg- jtBre-roacl was a long way behind him. AV hat Jay past it and north of Paddington and llayswatcr? lie was now standing in a wide street and facing a row of houses fronted by the usual tiny garden ; behind him were garden walls, night hiding what lay behind. A lane ran I 1 . . . V1 Lie road close by, leading apparont- I iv to .the exits of the gardens, 'there was a I certain amount of light from the lamp post 1 opposite, and his eyes fell on something ly- I jng on the ground at the. entrance to the I lane> something glittering. — I . HO'Mooped and picked it up; it was a I cro'ig"; , . y Leld it in his. hand half I amused at find. It was one of life'q little 1 A''les,i that he, well off, should find the R '"'e there were so many thousands i 2S.1 1 . 5m. Hie discovery would have I £?,"' "J1 infinite piece of good hick. I „ii , " , ln8 'le looked oh the ground 8 : Lr!'lnf: , was a purely mechanical in- 8 ?Si ml everybody does on finding any- I ',u ',ane wnB dimly lighted by two | or 'three gas lamps at rare intervals. There 1 SJ? cn?i'sh light for him to see another 1 lane11 a >'al'ds further down the 1 J'A'IV. X,P Hie second sovereign, he now 1 'rsLa J ,an(l Hlon a fourth and fifth. 1 tl!I> i. W'IS ? Hack of them extending down 1 1>,h! .e.PlPCl ed at equal distances apart. I im i',Si" fo.11('«l the golden path, picking I hlc j! 'i C0ln> 'lm excitement growing with S fm,! i At about the eighteenth be l, "tleja « garden door, open, the first he sovi>.Sl ?n c'Hicr side of the lane. A rounPi v on t),e threshold. Looking vinilm, S? w ?Pl'site him the open French 1 e n, of,a '«» voom. It was brilliantly nfiinlv',.a"! 1 p9rtl0ns of the interior were sivno from where lie Btood, but no signs of any person within. he -i',l 0 11 Lv, 1'9 us c d to the highest pitell, vest thiCf?'- Si collecting his golden bar- hroiwhl h- 1 sovereign in tiic garden he ami- ii'1!1,? to the open window, and within hgure of a woman standing look'nUt??1' S'A' and Motionless, and as he 1 heautv i/ turned to admiration of her a white sill-0 ,i8aw 1 3'oung girl dressed in the hii»i 1 ,er nvms and neck bare, of lame .w.ii0"'o'.er' encirelcd by n string and sficl n?. /' ,e vas medium height, McH lArfor1lc'1',I,.er facc was pale.lmt 1 cd win, , A ""d beautiful, and crown- j She semlrr\th ,f re<1 brmvn hair ' ther world in .,lmvc stopped out of ano- olmoat s!mnS . Hierc was something weird, most suDcrnatural. in the sieht. A few seconds ago he had stood in a dingy street a row of dingy houses frowning upon him' and now he saw a lovely vision which did ?n l£P?Car belong to Hie world at all but to be an apparition from Fairyland. «lmtl con Lined, he placed one foot vvitlnn the room, and then after a pause entered with a half-formed inten tion of explaining his presence by showing the money. His eyes were on the beautiful silent figure, the words of his query already on his hps, when he stumbled over a cord stretched above the floor and fell forward scattering the coins. As he fell a man who unseen by liim had been standing .behind the window curtains sprang upon lum. An old man with white hair and a grey beard, wearing gold rim med spectacles, but his long, thin fingers gripped the younger man's throat with a strength belied by his white hairs, and ere 1 attison could pluck them off, a sponge was held to lus nose, wet with some sickly smell ing liquid which at once steeped his senses in darkness and oblivion. He woke to consciousness again to find himself 111 a small room lighted hy two lamps fixed against the wall. It was bare of furniture, but this was of no consequence for he was lying on a soft rug, bound by cords to a bamboo pole, its ends fixed to uprights from the floor. He could see a dark patch on the ceiling which. he guessed was a skylight, and the walls were bare of win- dows. Between the two lamps, their light falling upon him, sat the man who lmd so unceremoniously seized and .bound liim. He did not look a vulgar robber ; . tlio fore head was broad, and, the. nose prominent, tlie eyes which gleamed behind the gold rimmed spectacles denoted intelligence, and his whole air gave the appearance of a learned man, a scientist of some kind. Seeing Pattison's eyes open, he addressed him in a clear, bland voice. "How are you feeling now?" The unlucky prisoner, bound and help less, unknowing .what this man meant to"do with him, full of rage at the way he had been captured, was goaded almost to mad ness by the conventional inquiry. He writhed and struggled to get free till the cords cutting him painfully lie desisted, and fixing eyes full of hate on his interrogator, gasped: "If: I were only loose I'd show you how I feel. The old man surveyed his . struggles through his spectacles with absolute immo bility, then replied to" his prisoner's words: "The wise man accepts the inevitable. You appear, I perceive, to have, quite re covered. Kindly inform me, if you please, who you are." The other's calm exasperated Pattison. 'Who are you is more to the point," he answered, "and why. haye you kidnapped me in this fashion?" - "All in good time, my dear sir, you will learn very shortly. First, you must answer me a few questions. Tell me your name, address and occupation." ' ' "Herbert Pattison. I live ill Bloomsbury. Occupation, I have none."-' "\ou are, in fact, a private gentleman, doubtless fairly well off?/'"- f "Yes." t ,i .. "Are you married?" "No. But what is the object, df-.all .these questions. I suppose you- wlllifotjfcqj iTie to ransom myself?" — "You will learn directly. Then you have 110 wife; but perhaps you are going to bo married?" "No, I am not," cried Pattison. "lam not going to be married, and I am not going to answer any more questions." "Softly, softly, Mr. Pattison; your last speecli is only half true. You need answer no more questions, but you are going to be married." . "What do you mean ?" "You say you are a bachelor, and have no intention of getting married. That is a pity, Mr. Pattison; every man should marry. I must insist 011 your doing so. You will marry my ward, Miss Grace Vincent, whom yon saw an hour ago downstairs." The old man spoke in the same clear and unemotional tones which he had used throughout the conversation. Pattison stai'cd at liim in alarm. Was the man mad? "But why?" he asked helplessly. . "A legitimate query, Mr. Pattison. I will now explain my conduct. My name is Med- calf, and I hold the title of professor from the University of Berlin, where I studied. My mother was a German, and I was en tirely educated in German).' My whole life lias been devoted to a study of the Aryan race and the connection between tin," the modern Teutons, and the Hindus. I have lived in this house in London for many years pursuing my investigations, but now they will enter upon a new phase. It is my intention to return to India, where I spent many years of my middle life. "For the last 14 years, that is to say since the age of 5, when her father died, Grace Vincent has lived with me. Her -father, though- a younger mail than myself, has been, I may say, my only friend. Ou his dentil bed he died a widower and without known relations. I promised to take charge of Grace, to educate her and; keep her as long as I lived, or till she married. "I have brought her up on. .a system of my own, not approving of governesses for girls, and liavo been her only, instructor since she was 12. I own I made amis- take. It being one of niy theories that both man and woman should be taught to help' on themselves, and do without the socicty and friendship of other people, I brought her up on . this principle, and she has no friends whatever. I now perceive that this gives lier no chance of getting married. "Desiring now to go to India and travel thero from place to place, . Grace will bo very much in my way. I intend to leave her in England, but owing to the words of my promise cannot leave her except to the care of a husband, and as we are quite without friends I have been obliged to re sort to extreme measures to obtain one." "You are not going," gasped Pattison, "to marry me to your ward, without my leave. In fact, you can't. I decline absolutely." "Then, Mr. Pattison, I shall keep you here till you consent." "I am afraid," sneered Herbert, in that case, Professor, you will have to delay your journey to India." . . "I think not." calmly returned the Pro-, fessor, "vou will get nothing to eat till you promise." , , . , "You would starve mo to death?.' cried Pattison, in horror. "I would have no compunction. I look upon you merely as a means to an -enn. As a scientific 111:111, the phrase 'sacredncss of human life' lias 110 meaning to me. I value your life at slightly, more than a dog s. ' A cold sweat of horror damped the prisoner's brow. "Surely, you are joking, lie stammered. "It is cruel to both of us, each to marry an utter stranger. Can you not see the unreasonableness of it? "Frankly. I cannot, Mr. Pattison. The marriage of convenience is co- existent with marriage itself. Marriage by capture is also familiar to all students of lustpry. Hie rape of 'tiie Sabines is a case in DOint, and 1 can also refer you to the Bible. I am merely inverting the process and capturing a hus band instead of a wife. Grace is not un worthy to be the wife of any man. I have brought her up myself, anil can speak with absolute knowledge. Her reputation is with out a flaw. Her beauty is, I believe, unde niable, her clinracter submissive; what more do you want?" This list of the virtues of the wife lie was thus commanded to take maddened Patti son. "I don't want her," he shouted, "she may be, nay, I will grant she is all you say. I liave no intention of marrying till I fall in love. "Then for your own sake and convenience, Mr. Pattison, lose no time in falling in love. Till I have your word to mm-— my ward you will remain exactly where you are, and to hasten your decision go without food." The professor as I10 spoke, and with a final steady glance at his prisoner, left the room. Hour after hour slowly passed, the lamps burnt dim, the dark patch indicating the skylight overhead grew light, day slowly dawning. For the hundredth time Herbert revolved in his mind what chance of escape had lie, what hope of being traced when found to he missing? There seemed to he none, his bonds cut lum sorely whenever he moved. He was absolutely powerless. Not one of his friends had the smallest idea ''of where be was, in fact lie did not know himself. He could hear no sound cither within or without the house,- but it now struck him .that his voice remained at liberty, shouts might briiig succor; -Full of 'this idea, he waited until lie thought it must be well into the morning, for lie began' to feel faint from Jiunger, then commenced to sliout "Help. Jielp," . with the full force of his powerful lungs. There was no response, he shouted till he was tired, and then cursing his imnoteiice lay m a sullen stupor. Presently the door opened, the Professor reappeared with tlie girl he had seen the .-previous night. Her face was very pale, as though she had slept badly; she was now clothed in a close fitting dress of dark green which set off admirably Jier pale features and rich colored hair. She bore in her hand a glass of milk. Good morning, Mr. Pattison," said the Professor, in the irritating bland tone of tlie previous night. "You must have been shout ing very loudly for I could hear you at breakfast. I fear you will be thirsty nfter so much exertion, so have'permitted Grace to bring you a glass of milk." The girl approached-' silentlv, her eves downcast, and held the. glass to his lips. Her bert drank greedily for- his throat was hot and dry. "For your own comfort;" the Professor went on, "I should advise you not to sliout, for no one can hear you, and you will only- feel hoarse. I will leave you how .to make the acquaintance of your future wife." He went out and shut the <lobr. .Pattison, refreshed by the milk lie had swallowed, determined to make a strong appeal to tlie girlv "Mi?s Vincent," ho began, "is your guar dian serious in liis extraordinary wish to 'marry you, his ward, to me, a man of whom be knows absolutely nothing;, and. can vou contemplate marrying an utter stranger like myself?" The girl raised her cycs,a faint colpr-camc in to her pale cheeks. "Indeed, I don't want to -marry you or anybody. But, what can I say?' I must do what I am told." She spoke with absolute sincej-ity, and Pattison groaned to himself as lie recognised that lie could expect no active help from this quarter. The Professor's remarks as to "submissiveness" recurred to his mind, and lie realised how. annoying this virtue — so rare among present day revolting daughtei-s — was at tlie present moment. "Then you think lie is serioiisf" "Yes, I fear sol When he makes up his mind nothing can alter him. I have tried." "Then your guardian has now taken it in to his head to marry you,, and put the money ou tlie road outside to attract somebody into the house. He must be mad. Was last night the first time lie .tried tlie cxperi- menli" ' .- "No, tlie third. I bad to stand in tlie room when anyone entered the "garden so that they could sec mo when they approach ed the window. The first night a nnul came, an awful man— and I think drunk. The Professor rent me'out of the room; and I don't know what happened; the man left soon. Next night 110 one saw the money so he picked it up before daybreak. Last night you came." The girl told the extraordinary tale sim ply. Pattison listened with, mingled despair and rage. If tlie Professor was mad, . there was certainly method in. liis madness, and the plan had proved partly successful. An eligible bachelor had , been captured, but Pattison liad a strong fund of obstinacy in liis composition, , and swore at the moment that he would die before he yielded. "He threatens to keep me here without food till I promise to many you. "I know," tlie girl answered dolefully. "But won't you aid. me to get away? At least, you could bring me food secretly. "I will-try and bring you some food, she answered. '"Only I am afraid the professor will forbid me." ! - Had Pattison any pity to waste, lie would have expended some on the girl. She stood the picture of misery and shame, seemingly anxious to aid him,. but -utterly in fear'of the old -man who had brought her up. The silence was broken by the return of tlie Professor, who dismissed tlie; girl with a motion of his hand. Then.: he turned to liis prisoner. , "Well?" he queried. ' "One may like partridge, ' but not when thrown in one's face. Your ward is no doubt charming, but I refuse to be coerced into a marriage against my free will. "There is nothing like starvation to cure obstinaey. It answers with horses, and 1 expect will nnswer with you very shortly. Think it over." ' ; ,. .. _. The prisoner now left nlone didi; There was nothing else to do. His position was perilous in the extreme.- Tie was utterly in tlie power of the Professor, as much so as a fourteenth century captive in tlie castle of an enemy. He pictured Miss Heath s alarm when she found that morning lie lind not returned. Would Bhe communicate with the police to-day or wait till to-morrow? It mattered little, for there was no help from that quarter; the police could not get the smallest clue. London had swallowed lnm. After a time hunger banished all specula tion as to escape. He began to wonder how- far the awful Professor would go m the threat to starve him into submission. ; lucre was a dreadful ring of sincere conviction 111 his words when ho said he valued human life at very little above a dog s. As afternoon waned he became so iaint from lack of food that he lapsed into a semi-unconscious state, half weakness, halt hIccd. He was dreaming, and saw vaguely the vision of a beautiful face close to lus, luilf familiar, and be was wondering when ' and where he had seen it before, when tlie delightful, yet prosaic smell of hot soup under his nose woke liim to full conscious ness and the presence of Grace, who was bending over. him with a spoon and basin. She fed him in silence; the pity and sor row in her soft grey eyes half irritated liim, he knew not why. Then, revived by the soup, lie asked the time, lie seemed to have been lying there for days, though the fight above him told liim it was not yet even ing. "It ia nearly 7 o'clock. It will soon bo dark. The Professor has gone for liis walk. He forbade me to bring you anything; but I couldn't bear to think of you lying here any longer, so I stole the soup out of the kitchen." How far would the girl's pity lead her? He determined to see. "Does anyone live in this house besides you two? Any servants?" "No: Mrs. Higgins comes every, day, and does the house, work, but she goes home every evening." "Would slie hear me if I were to shout?" "Not from tlie kitchen, and she never comes above the first floor." "Won't you," pleaded Herbert, "tell her that I am here, so that " "No, no," she cried, piteously, "don't ask me. Please don't ask me. I dare not. He told me not to tell. He made me promise, and' I cannot break my word. I've disobey ed as it is in bringing the soup. Oh, what can I do? Wliat a miserable girl I am!" She broke into a storm of tears and sob bed as though her heart .would break. . It Would be not only cruel but. useless to press her further. . >. "At any rate," he said, with a smile, "I see you have a kind heart, and you won't let me die of starvation, let the Professor com mand what he will. The girl's sobs ceased, and she answered firmly — "I won't. I'll bring you some more food to- night, when he's gone to bed. I had bet ter go now." Herbert was still meditating if it would be possible later to get the girl to release him when the Professor appeared again, and said: "Well, Mr. Pattison, will you accept re lease on my terms?" "I will not," replied the prisoner, all his hatred against the old man reviving in his presence. "It is curious," remarked the latter, sur veying him dispassionately like a_ beetle under a microscope, "but I notice in' spite of your big frame and heavy build you are of a nervous and emotional temperament. I should say your disposition is easy going and weak, but you have now a fit of obstinaey which makes you harder to- deal with. You. are a blend of weakness and strength, and paradoxically it makes you stronger.' Con- liueinent does not suit you; you will worry yourself into an illness. Good night, and a- wiser decision to-morrow." The Professor's diagnosis was correct. Herbert was usually of a weak and easy going nature, and when a weak man in a fit of obstinacy makes up his mind on a certain point lie is the hardest of all men to alter. There was something so humil iating, so ridiculous, in yielding, and taking a bride., by the Professor's coercion that Herbert felt that death itself were prefer able. Moreover, lie was sustained by the promise of Grace to bring him food later, and the faint hope of prevailing on her to set him free.' The room grew dark. Evidently he was not going to be allowed any light this night; the darkness got on his nerves later and he be gan to tremble. Time crawled and brought 110 relief. He began to think Grace wouldnot keep her promise when the welcome gleam of light , under the door heralded the ap proach of someone. It wns Grace, not dressed in the magni ficent dress which had so dazzled- him the previous night, hut in a plain soige and bearing a tray- loaded with various dishes and jugs. Herbert rallied at the sight, and begged her to untie his wrists so that he could sit up and feed himself. "I give you my word.of honor I will pot touch the other cords," he said, "and vou can tie me up again' when I-h'ave finished." The girl hesitated, but consented. Her bert's wrists were bojind together, and then to the bamboo pole in such a way that' liis fingers could not touch; the' knot. She un tied it, and the prisoner was able to sit up, loosen his wrists, and eat and drink. Com parison being everything, lie felt for the mo- ment 'quite happy in this temporary relaxa tion 'of his bondage. .Grace insisted (lb bis swallowing some' port wine and .raw egg; then ho ate of -some meat and drank .some beef tea. The'cliange from darkness, .hun ger and solitude to the light, the food -and the companionship was so violent , that bis mental depression changed , to exuberant gaiety. The girl's spirits rose with liis. .For d few minutes 'they chatted with jests and sup pressed laughter, like schoolboy and school girl raiding the pantry and enjoying a mid night feast.. Herbert gathered by a few questions presently put that the Professor, though eccentric, was not unkind to the girl. He had certainly no affection for her, and exacted an implicit obedience to his wishes. She was well read and intelligent, though absolutely ignorant of the world. Having established a friendly feeling be tween- them, Herbert ventured to begfor li- beity, pointing out that by law tlie Profes sor had no such power, over lior' as she imagiucd; 'but this the girl could not under stand. The law was unknown, to her, Tier fear ot her guardian very real, and when the prisoner pleaded for liberty, though loth to refuse, she dared not comply. ' Whether he would have won her over to brave her guardian's wrath will remain un known, for in- the midst of Herbert's argu ments the Professor broke in upon them with a caudle and stick. Pattison uttered a bitter oath, for he was almost as powerless as if liis hands were tied, and Grace' giving a cry of horror shrank away in a corner. "Put up your hands, and let ine retie them," said the Professor quietly. "My. stick is loaded with lead; one tap will knock you senseless." Pattison submitted in sullen silence, and was hound as before. Then the Professor coldly told Grace to go to her room, and fol lowed her out. Herbert was left alone to bemoan his fate. There was nothing sur prising in tlie girl's meek submission. She had been educated as though living in the Middle Ages instead of tlie nineteenth cen tury; but witli a little more time lie would have convinced lier. Now lie feared lie would see- lier no more. This fear was justified, for when the long night bad passed, and also some slow hours of daylight, the prisoner, wearied almost to breaking point, lieard the Professor's step, and summoned all liis resolution to brave his foe. . "Your further imprisonment, lie said, "if vou are still obprate, will not be lightened by the society or material assistance of Grace. I have locked her in her room, and sent tlie only domestic I employ away for two days." "Do you intend to starve lier, too," snarled Pattison. "No," said the Professor steadily, "but as I can no longer trust her she will be safer there out of the way." "You devil," cried Herbert. "You re morseless devil, but vou haven't beaten mo yet. I defy you still. My God, if I could only get at you!" But the other did not give him even the luxury of a reply and retired. The second day of the prisoner's captivity, ran its course. Strange to say he slept for some hours during the day, then woke to frightful pain and suffering. Every nerve and fibre of his being was on the rack now. Hunger, thirst and pain tormented liim; he could have prayed for death or_ madness to ease his sufferings, but his brain was clear, and lie felt that endurance could go no further. He must yield. As lie realised that the bland Professor liad won and liis two days' torture had been of no avail, a sudden paroxysm toolc posses sion of Herbert. He flung himself to and fro heedless of the pain it caused. It was a wild frenzy, the last struggle, in which the remnant of liis strength and passion were devoted, the pole swayed, there was a singing in his ears, darkness blinded his vision, the cords seemed cutting through him. Then above his head as he lay writhing sounded a crack of broken wood, and he rolled over on bis back. Not knowing what had happened, he lay still a moment, then turning his head saw that the upright block was broken from the floor anil the bead of the bamboo free. Pusliing his hands un he was aide with some difficulty to slip them over the top. His fingers now at liberty, he untied his legs and ankle9 and stood up a free man. He staggered with mingled excitement and weakness, walls, floor and ceiling seemed to dance round . him, lie leaned against tlie nearest wall and nnssed his band over his face, and looking again saw a welcome sight. It was the tray of food Grace had brought the previous night and which the Professor had not taken away. Eagerly he drank some spirits and felt al most himself again, and even more welcome than food or drink was a dinner knife with which he now severed the coi'd which bound his wrists. Next he. liad the curiosity to see how he had got free. The bamboo to -which lie had been- "so-long" bound -'fitted into two stout short poles about 6 inches thick which came through the floor. Examination now showed. a flaw in the centre of the broken piece, 'which had extended, till tlie _ sound wood liad given way in tlie fury of his final struggle." The- stick lmd snapped and the bamboo had been released from its resting place.- : __ "My worthy Professor, murmured Her- . bcrt, "you did not allow enough for contin gencies. I have a strong temptation to break your head before I go." He ate and drank and then prepared to leave. The door was unlocked, he passed through, and stood in a small passage. And now a mystery was revealed which had hitherto puzzled liim. How, he had won dered, had the Professor got him upstairs when insensible, but a lift which stood be fore' him now explained. Glancing through the landing window, he saw he was a good way from the ground. ..' : hollowing the stairs downward, he came to the story below. Passing along a passage a sound caught his ear' from behind one of the. closed doors. He paused and listened. It was the. sound of a girl sobbing and uttering broken words of prayer — the voice of Grace. In the sudden excitement of liberty, not yet five minutes old, lie had forgotten lier, but now lie remembered, and his heart smote him that lie had been going away without a-'word of farewell. He re membered all she had done for him, in fact it was chiefly owing to her that he was now. at liberty, lie must let her know at once; He knocked at the door and whispered, "Miss Vincent." The. sobs ceased and her voice cried with a little :gasp, "Who ia there?" "I— Pattison. I have got free," lie an swered. Then seeing the key in the lock he remembered tliatr she had been locked in : he turned the key and entered, Grace had been kneeling by her bedside, she now con fronted him witli a look of mingled astonish ment and joy. Her hair was tumbled, her lips parted in surprise? Is it really you?" she gasped timidly. : Pattison laughed at her astonishment, as in a few words bo told her how he had gained liis liberty. As lie spoke lier teara -vanished, her eyes glowed, and the palo cheeks became rosy. "I am so glad," she said softly! "I waa praying for you. God must have heard me." "You have been very good to me, Grace, he answered unconsciously, pronouncing her Christian name. "But — ' — " He broke off, conscious of a new feeling towards lier. If lie went away what would be her fate? Hitherto the longing to escape had wholly occupied him, but it now struck him that lie gone, the undaunted Professor might again set the golden' trap. What way was there of stopping him? His brain at that moment was not very clear, and ho could think of none without publishing hia ridiculous captivity to the world. "0 "Now as his eyes rested on Grace be felt how impossible to leave her under present circumstances. His sentiments were quite changed. It was one thing to' be blandly ordered to, take a wife as a doctor might order a dose of medicine, but nnother to leave the poor girl, ivlio had done so much to aid him, to tlie futo of having to many . the next man captured as lie had been. But bow to save her? There was but one wayjby marrying herhimself, and this step he found not wholly unpleasing. In fact he realised that he was in love with the girl who liad been the innocent cause of all Ilia ' suffering. Nor was - this to be wondered nt. She liad (lone much to aid him, and dared for the first time in lier life to disobey lier guardian. Short as had been tlieir acquaint ance her disposition in all its simplicity and tenderness liad been laid bare before him. And chief of all reasons in a man's eyes, lier beauty drew him. She stood there in a simple (Ires!, and untidy hair, but nothing could disguise lier loveliness. As he stood looking at her, his eyes must have expressed his admiration, for hers fell, and her color deepened. "Do you think," he said at last, "the Pro fessor will go 011 with this mad scheme?" "I— don't know; but go now, before ho comes back." | "Grace," he cried, not heeding her words, I "my darling. 1 can't leave you to such a. fate. You snail not be married to any stran- C\Vith a shv, eager look slie raised lier eyes and made a half step forward towards lum as though welcoming his succor. He caught her in his arm and kissed Iter. "Grace, do you love me?" "I don't know,"' she whispered softly. "You see I have not met anyone like you before." . , ,, "Yes, but — you me kiss you. 1 011 don t mind? . . , „ „ . "Well, nobody ever kissed me before, she said with an admirable blush. "If anybody else ever does, 1 11 murder him. Darling, I want the monopoly of your kisses, your society, yourself. . Grace, now I'm free I know I love you. . Will you be my wife, and remember if you don t- you'll havo to marry " "No, I wouldn't," she whispered. I d never have married anybody else, after 1 d met you." . But Herbert received the information that he had sacriiiced himself in vain with noble fortitude. , „ . And Grace s world had ehanged all in an instant. It seemed almost too good to be true. After the shame and hourly growing humiliation of being forced on nu unwilling husband to be wooed by this man now that he was free and at liberty to walk out of the house. Her happiness was too deep for words. But there was no time for love making. The Professor was out for a walk and would soon return. Herbert decided that it would be best for him to go home and get some sleep and return on the morrow to see his old foe and tell him that he had won after all. Grace declared she had not the courage to tell him herself, and begged Herbert to leave her locked in her room and to go away at once, and this he finally did, and bidding her a tender farewell, relocked the door ana went downstairs. He glanced at himself in a mirror in the hall above which he found hanging his own liat which had fallen oif when the Professor kidnapped him. He put it on, and turning up the coliar of his light overcoat, concealed the fact that he was iu veiy crumpled even ing dress. Opening the front door he was about to Sait the house when a man met him on the irtvslmlrl Af. flip fire#-. <rrlimncA Iip it was the Professor returning, but a second look showed it was a policeman. "Good nfternoon, sir," Eaid the latter. "Are you n friend of Professor Medealf's" Herbert, not inclined at that moment to enter into an explanation of his acquaint ance with the Professor, mendaciously an swered in the affirmative. "I'm sorry to have to acquaint you, sir, that the Professor has met with an acci dent." "Oh, indeed," said Herbert, blankly. "Come in and tell me about it: don't be afraid of frightening rae," he added, drily. "I can bear it." The man gave a glance of some astonish ment and said: "As you may be aware, sir, the Professor goes for a walk every afternoon. He's a well-known character about here, and has been run over several times owing to his stopping all of a sudden as he walks. I hear he's a literary gent., and does it when ideas oome to him. Well, 'alf an hour ago he was crossing Olliver-road just by Winson's, when he pulls up suddenly. There was a brewer's van coming along at a good pace, and it was on him before the driver could pull up. I was the nearest constable, my relief was just due, tliat't why I can come here now. I picks him up, unconscious only, I thought he was. But the doctor examines him and says that he was dead, an 'orse 'oof 'aving struck him on the temple." But if the Professor's ghost is able to revisit the world, he must smile to see how well, when alive, he carried out his promise to his dead friend, for Herbert and Grace were married as soon as the archbishop's fiecial licence permitted, and what is more, attison has freely forgiven him his arbi trary methods of securing a husband, for Grace and be, in spite of their odd pre- nuptial acquaintanceship, find their married life run smoothly and happily. 