BIG GAME HUNTING IN AFRICA. AN ADELAIDE SPORTSMAN IN SOMALILAND. The following are extracts from a letter receivcd from a well-known Adelaide sportsman, who has just finished a shoot ing trip in Somaliland:— In this country there is any amount of game if you like to work for it. Our bag consisted of three elephants, six lions, five lionesses, two live cubs — which I don't know what to do with— cheetah, leopard, ostrich, greater and lesser koodoo, oryx, hartebeast and six sorts of gazelle. I got most of the luck, as I bagged eight of the lions and caught the cubs, besides setting two elephants, which was the limit for one gun. The shikari here is an awful fraud. He knows nothing about the habits of game unless he is a Midgan, a low- caste fellow who lives by hunting with bows and poisoned arrows. His only good point is that he has wonderful sight, and can see beasts in the jungle. He gets tremen dously excited when he notices anything, and he always wants you to shoot. Even it it is a small head or a doe he says ''Shoot,'' just as if it is a lion or an elephant, though the animal's head may be away from you. I get rather sick of my shikaris, and just let them carry mv rifle and did shikari myself, and found I was more successfull for it. We had exciting times with elephants and lions. The usual dodge with lions was to get as near as possible, even within ten yards, and shoot the beast through the head. I was nearly caught one day by a lioness who had cubs. C --- had gone out after koodoos, and I was waiting on the chance of kubber, when a camelman happened to see the tracks of a lioness and two cubs going to a hill close by. 1 gathered the men for a beat, and promised 20 rupees to the one who should spot the lioness in a cave. (The hill was granite, and had a lot of holes like those in the rocks at Port Elliot.) Presently one of the men whistled, and I went to the place he was standing over. It was a nasty spot, formed by a big rock fallen down from the top of the hill and propped up by another rock with some bushes round it. The camelman told me that he had seen the lioness and two cubs at the entrance, and that they had gone in. I was not in any hurry to follow, but tried to look in from every side. The cave sloped upwards where it was dark, and there was an opening at another side. I peeped round the corner, and at last I thought I could safely look by going be hind a big stone inside the cave. When I got behind it I saw the hind part of the lioness lying at the top of the cave, her head and the rest of her body being be hind another stone. I considered a bit, and came out and tried everything to bolt her, but nothing answered; so in I went again. This time she had shifted round, and her tail was the other way, her head out of sight facing towards the big en trance. Well, I thought, if I fire at her pelvis it would disable her, or she would charge out of the cave at the beaters, who were shouting and talking on the rock overhead, So I fired and ducked behind the big stone. She did not utter a sound, but I thought I heard her drag her hind- quarters. 1 peeped over the rock and could not see anything, as she had gone higher up in the cave. I feltt a bit lonesome and cam.e out for a breather. The head man in the meantime had come up the hill, and I told him I had wounded her. He said, ''Will I send Somali into cave?'' I said ''No." Then the fun began. I went in, and he insisted on coming with a spear and a hunt ing knife. We got behind the big stone, and I told him to stop there. I crept a little to the right, and between two stones I could see the lower part of the chest of the lioness. She was above me, as the hill sloped upwards. I had to leave the big stone about five yards. I got as low as I could and fired at her chest. There was a terrible roar, and I bolted for my big stone. The Somali had come alongside of me as I was going to fire, and was in the way of my retreat. He covered his retreat by holding out the spear in one hand and the hunting knife in the other, and as I went for the big stone I got the knife in my lower jaw near the ear. The blood spouted all over my face and neck, and I thought he had fetched my carotid. I had time to anathematize him as he bolted out of the cave, and I after him, hanging on to my jaw, and the lioness after me. As I came out I turned to the left quickly, hoping the lioness would catch the Somali. I slipped on some aloe and fell down about 20 feet, picked myself up, and stood behind a rock. Here I found my carotid was not cut, so I climbed up, and found the lioness dead at the mouth of the cave. Luckily my first shot broke both of her hind legs at the hip, and she could only drag her self, or I would have been caught for a certainty. I then looked for the cubs, and found them higher up in the cave. A cameman took a spear up and knocked the eye out of one— the lion of course. The two little beggars are playing under my bed now — they are about as big as collie dogs, but much more solid. They don't like white people, and always snarl a them. I had another day in a cave. We had seen six lions on the same hill, and had shot two, and nothing could be found of the others. There were a lot of tumbled rocks near the top of the hill, and I left the shikaris on these rocks arguing whether a lion I had just tipped with a bullet and C --- had killed was his or mine. I climbed down to look at a cave which I thought C --- and his shikaris had been in, and looking round a rock I saw two lionesses and a big cub with their heads up listening to the shikaris overhead. I gammoned that I did not see them, and lighted out. I called up to C --- and told him I had found three, and told him to look out for a bolt. I had seen the lions through a small hole, and there were two large openings on the other side of the cave. I let fly at the nearest head, and it dropped. I waited till the smoke cleared, and gave the left to the other head and it dropped. The cub bolted, but C --- 's chance was spoiled by the beaters yelling and turning it back. We found a splendid lion two days after on the same hill. I could have shot him once, but I thought C --- would get a shot at him. He was walking across a flat rock sixty yards off, and looked a boomer. However, he got away from one hill, and we tracked him for lour hours, and ended by finding him asleep under some thick bushes, where C --- burst his skull for him at about ten yards off. He was a real beauty, with a thick mane, for a wonder. That week—the week before Christmas— we bagged six lions and lionesses and caught two cubs. Our best day with lions was good fun. We had moved very close to the Abys sinian frontier, and I meant to poach their I lions, as the Abysanians had sent me a letter to say that I was not to come near their borders. We had heard lions roar ing there, so off we went with a small camp. Thc first day we saw tracks, and where the lions had killed a hartebeest, but we lost the tracks on stony ground. For several days we looked everywhere without results. At last we saw vultures flying round, and went over and found a hartebeest's remains, with the tracks of two lions. We followed these tracks for some miles, when we noticed that two other tracks joined them, the whole four going towards a large wooded hill. They seemed to have changed their minds, and made for the open country, where soli tary thorn-trees were dotted here and there. As we, were following the tracks we saw a lion get up from under a thorn-tree, and he down in the shade again. Shortly after another rose and did the same. We loaded our rifles and went up quietly to them. Thc grass was about 3 ft. high, and as I got near there seemed to be heaps of lions lying in the shade. It was C --- 's shot first, so he picked his lion and I went round to one side where I could get a fair shot at another. Bang! went his rifle, and I just saw the lion had not moved when I let fly at mine, which put up its head at his shot. Down it went and I let fly at the nearest lion that was going off. Down it came too. I saw another lion bounding off at about 120 yards, and I loaded one barrel as quickly as I could and snapped at him, and down he fell also. I thought it very fine sport—three lions in three shots —and I was talking to C --- , who was about 30 yards off by the tree, and saying that the sport did not last long when sud denly I saw a native who had come up by me bolt, and the shikari yelled out. ''He is coming.'' I had not loaded. I looked around and saw lion No. 4 coming at me with great bounds and grunting horribly. His mane at every bound stood up in the air, and he looked horribly comical. I was feeling for my cartridges in my pocket when No. 3, who was a lioness, seemed to jump out of the grass about 30 yards off, and lead the charge on me. I thought it very unfair at the time, but I never counted on C --- . I had just got loaded when there was a scattered volley from his party at the tree. My shikari was amongst them, and the big lion stopped and fell. C --- having got his rifle off at last. The lioness was not to be denied, and I broke her back about 15 yards off. The shikaris had shot the .303 off without orders, and had not touched a hair. I felt very much re lieved when we had the lions all stiff. I had broken No. 4's hock with my first shot, and the lioness I had hit in the stern, the bullet— a hollow front with a small hole— had not raked her as a solid one wonld have done, but stopped in the stomach after breaking the hind leg high up. The three lions had manes, and the lioness was very thick set and muscular. We had ten miles to go to camp, and did not go there till after dark. Our men were very uneasy about the Abyssinians, and, as our water ran out after another week, we shifted back. We never saw any more lion tracks, but there were thousands of hartebeest, gazelle, oryx, and other animals. We did not shoot any, as shooting hartebeest is like shooting cows. We covered miles of coun try looking for lions, and the news came that there were two near the big creek: so we went back to find the report only a ruse to fetch us from the Abyssinian border. The Somali are in a terrible funk over the Abyssinians, and I think think if an Abyssinian had turned up they would have al bolted. The sport I liked best was hunting ele phants. We were very lucky, as they generally stop in the reserve; but it hap- pened to rain and fill up some of the waterholes, and the elephants went out there. We got news that they were water ing, so we moved camp. The first day I went by myself, as C --- was not well. I started off at 5 a.m. — there was hoar frost on the ground— and made for the country where the elephants had been seen feed ing the day before. The Somali shikaris know absolutely nothing about elephants or hunting them, and of course wanted to go down wind. However, after using all the bad language I had command of in Hindostanee and English, I made them go well down wind before we struck up for the thick jungle. It was lucky that I did, for we had hardly got into it, and I had sent one man up a tree to look round, when we heard an elephant trumpet not quarter of a mile away. The shikaris wanted to go straight for the trumpeter, which was to one side of us and which would have given the elephants our wind. I took charge then, and took a round, and came up, and could hear the elephant breaking trees down. I got nearer, and saw a mob of them not 100 yards off. There were two calves about the size of a hippo. close to me. The scrub was com posed of thorn trees about fifteen feet high, hard to see through, and impossible to run through. The shikaris the whole time were whisper ing, ''Shoot! shoot!''— their only idea of a shikari's duty. I got closer, and saw the biggest elephant of the mob. He was stern on, and the shikari was at my elbow, and kept saying, ''Shoot! shoot!'' After gently reminding him that his advice was not wanted, I waited till the elephant slewed round and showed me his ribs, and I gave him a 10-bore steel-cored bullet behind the shoulder. He whipped round in a fury, trumpeting like anything, tear ing down a tree, and kicking up no end of a slime. The other elephants stampeded a short way and then came back to one side of me. I was looking out for another bull, when I saw him coming through the bushes at me. He had his trunk up, and there was bloody froth at the end of it. I reckoned it time to quit, and ran down wind, so as to get a shot at his shoulder again. Mr. Elephant ploughed on, and then stood trying the wind with his trunk. I got up fairly close, and gave him a right and left in the ribs, and ditto with the other rifle. This did not seem to affect him at all. It was like shooting at a hay stack, and apparently made just as much impression on him. He walked on for a few yards, and then stood under a small tree, and laid down and died. The other elephants in the meantime were loafing round, and I ran out to get a shot at another; but I could no shoot at a bull, as a big cow and calf were in the way as they retreated. After chasing them till I was blown I gave it up. The elephant I shot was pretty large, but his tusks were small. The elephants in this country have very poor tusks, as the feed for them is not too plentiful. Several blank days fol- lowed this. We usually started at 5a.m., and did not get back till 7 p.m., travelling the whole time. A few days afterwards two men and C --- and self went out further. At last we came on fresh elephant tracks. They were another herd, and we saw some natives who had seen them that morning. We cantered after their tracks, and pre sently heard a trumpet. Off we got, and stalked them. They were larger elephants than in the other mob. I acted shikari, and got up close to them, and was look ing out for the biggest for C --- when he could not resist his shikari's appeal of ''Shoot! shoot!'' and let fly at one, hit ting it too far back. I pulled at his ele phant with my left barrel, but the rifle would not go off. I had already loosed my right at one, and hit it high up as it was rushing through the bushes. We tracked the elephants, and found that our other Somali had galloped after them and frightened them away. We found some blood tracks, but these the beautiful shikaris lost; and, the other Somali hav ing cleared out, we went back to camp. The next time we got on to these ele phants I had a shot at the biggest. I hit hit him behind the shoulder with my right, which turned him round, and I gave him the left on the other side. He eventually gave up the ghost on C— shooting him in front of the left ear. On our return six weeks after we heard that C --- 's elephant had been found and the tusks taken; so I told the headman to get them. He threatened to loot the village nearest to the dead elephant, and the tusks were brought in next day. All the elephants had cleared back to the reserve; so we did not get another. Four were all we were allowed to kill. 