THE OLD HOUSE. By W. B. BEATTIE PROEM. GLOOM, cold and damp were in possession of the old house ; but the four acres of land in which it stood were alive with warmth and colour. There were tangles of neglected rose-bushes, waving gems of white and yellow flowers in the late autumn breeze, with here and there a glowing, crimson blossom dancing on its bush, set away from the others right regally ; about a grey cemented basin, in which there was a little mud only, white and yellow snap stood half in the faint shadow of a skeleton room, where long-dead grape vines still hung, and by the great drain that cut through the grounds from corner to corner pale leaved quince-trees fluttered. With all the garden's sunshine (the shimmering diamonds of the water running briskly through the drain, the pure sparkle of the roses, the glitter of green leaves, the undulating brilliance of the lush grasses), yet it and the melancholy house were one.' As I step under the wooden-pillared verandah, and tread the rotten floor of the hall, strange shadows that chill me fly before, and the groan of the hall-door's shutting behind on rusty hinges sets my heart beating as a sudden cry in the night does. I hasten to open the door again, and look out on the glittering garden with a feeling of relief. What lies hidden in that long room on my left — that low, dull-tinted room in which the sunlight, creeping through the narrow window set high up in the wall, becomes shadow, and from which those dark inner rooms, with their inefficient windows, open like tombs ? ^sn&The; dirty semi-circular window over the hall door, in its wooden-rayed frame, is full of sinister suggestion. Why does not the light come in generously through the open door, and drive out those horrible shadows ? A curse seems to darken the whole interior ; an old-time horror hangs over the place, as though time were powerless to destroy the terrible spell that had been wrought within. Heaven ! my blood is ice ! A touch like a dead hand, marble — cold and heavy — is laid upon my shoulder. Hence ! quit this place of sin unexpiated, of . awful penance — I breathe the fresh air, the roses dance and shine around me ; the place has grown hilarious. The colour terrifies me. The garden vibrates with maddening passion. The scent of the daphne makes me gasp ; lays rough hold of my throat ; turns me sick. The garden has become one loud, wicked laugh, that, to my distraught senses, rises to a hideous scream. I press my fingers to my ears, and, rushing to the gate, fumbling with the latch, flee through into the every-day world. The gate slams with a snarl and the short, hoarse laugh of a baffled demon. I hug the commonplace landscape to my breast ; drink in the silvery afternoon sunlight ; revel in the simple sweep of paddock to the clear pool, whither the cows are wandering, laugh aloud as a little black and white bird chirps a note on the fence near by, and wags its disproportionate tail. I am a child in the sheltering arms of its mother after a fright. Some time after I met the old gardener, who lived in a hut on the estate, and whom (after giving him the order for flowers on that day, when the legend over the gate, ' Cut flowers to be had here,' had tempted me in) I had quite forgotten in my sudden access of terror. He was crossing the paddock near the old house, and, though he would have passed me with a suspicious glance and shrug of his heavily-stooped and lurching shoulders, that made him suggest a crab walking on its side legs, I stopped him, and, tendering a sweetening shilling, got, slowly, from his unwilling lips and dull, unimaginative mind, the story of the old house, the narration of which so thickened my blood and turned my scalp to goose-flesh, that I looked up in alarm and wonder, hearing the harsh, nerveless tone of the narrator, and asked, 'Do you believe in ghosts?' But he answered with the same dry monotonous voice, and cold-set features, ' If I saw a ghost I'd give it the knife.' I gasped at this stolid materialist. ' You look Scotch,' I said, controlling the thrill that threatened in my voice. ' North of Ireland,' he answered : 'Father and mother Scotch.' I was silent, marvelling at the vagaries of the law of heredity. Here is the story he told me. I do not expect you to believe it. Let us call it 'Margaret Weymuth's Mother.' In some curious manner the atmosphere of that old house has filled me with a transient second-sight. I feel that I have known the scenes lam about to describe and, too, the persons. As I passed by the daphne bush as I entered that day — I remember now most clearly — the scent of the flower filled my brain with the picture of a woman, pale, brown- haired, and delicate (the spirit of the flower) in her. grey eyes a look that seems indescribable. It was not of defiance, contempt, horror, nor yet of despair ; but a combination of all ; the look of a strong mind that, deeming its dethronement inevitable, hurls back on creation the forced, mean gift of life. Shall I ever forget that look : it was a protest against the way that we in our blindness call ' God's way ;' against the useless bringing of human souls to ..suffer and to die, degraded, in the biting chains of the flesh like felons — Felons ! Good God ! — felons without the knowledge of their felony. Oh, we are wrong ! Felons ! We know not God — He is as yet inconceivable. In the meantime, let us work for our taskmaster and hurry the bloody expiation. Let us talk no more of God until we have learnt what manner of man we serve. We eat his bread and kiss his feet ; for what? For that mean thing we call a soul. Out ! we are only with soul ; it is yet unborn ! — What do I write ? It is those awful eyes that speak. I sit and tremble almost bereft to think of them. 