The Light That Cast no Shadow. Ctniiotrs stories are told aboat the powers possessed by certain natives of India, who five tip Among the Himalaya mountains. These old'men, it is said, have devoted scores of years to the study of natural lavs jt&d.; forces, which the rest of the world knows nothing aboat. Lately a German professor visited the "adepts," as these tueer Hindus are called, for the pnrpose of adiag oat the secret of their remarkable performances. They treated him rather scarvily, bat ^interested him all the B»me. Obe'dajr the professor wanted to examine" some ancient - Sanskrit maaascripts. An adeplweot withhim to a cave wherein the books were kept. The place was dark as: the bottom .of a Well. - " I can't see to read, here," said the: visitor. "Then we wil! have some light," was the reply, and immediately (the professor says) a soft, pearly light brightened theoave. He coald not tell whence it came, bnt he noticed that it had one strange quality-it cast not the slightest shadow. ~ This a story hard to believe, yet its troth is affirmed by a man of vast learning and and high character, and you who now read it have noTetflbb for- doubt except that all the lights you have seen have cast shadows. Belief-, or nubefief 'commonly rnns parallel with one's oWn irperience. Dr. Johnson sniffed at the account of the Lisbon earth* qnafo/:yet oreiited the tale of the Cock Lane ghost. A man who has been ill for years, and failed to find a core, is sceptical when friends tell him of a medicine which they believe will make him well. What else bat doubt could result from his experience? Take an example: . " Io-the spring of 188S," writes onr cor respondent, " I fell into a low, weak and languid state. I felt low-spirited and oat »f sorts. At first my stomach was deranged, my appetite poor, and after eating I. had pain and weight at the chest. I was much troubled with wind, and frequently spat np -a soar-fluid, also bitter bile. Later on I suffered from nervoasness and great depres sion, of spirits. I kept up with my work, bnt bad always a .sense of discomfort. -Off and on I continued in this way for two years, nothing that I took relieving me. At last I heard of Mother Seigel's Syrap, and procured a supply. After I had taken only a few doses 1 found relief; my. food digested and gradually all ne,rvoasnefes left me. Ak, though I had no reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine, never having used it or seen it used, I now gladly admit "its'Value, and its power over disease. Since my recovery, for which I. thank Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup, I have been in the best of health and spirits. In the interests of suffering humanity I deem it a duty to sendyon this testimony. (Signed) D. Grif fiths, tailor and outfitter, 151, Hockley Hill, Birmingham, June 8tb, 1893." . Theire is a deal of difference between Mr., Griffith's candid letter, and the story aboat ' the light that cast no shadow. The latter may be true enough, but it cannot be verified without more trouble than it is worth. Oa the other hand we hare a trustworthy witness, who will answer letters of inquiry, and can be found at his address. Finally, there is nothing mystic or magical abgatJ&pMver; Seigel's .Curative Synip. It acts on the theory that most ailments are bnt symptoms, forms, or phases .of that universal disease-indigestion or dyspepsia ; it cnres that, and throws the light of health and happiness oyer hearths and homes where illness and pain had cast such dark and terrifying shadows. AndthaVis why people twlieve all that is told of its success by eager witnesses. ; 