LUCKY BOB BDOTLE. There never bad been such a time for poor folk, at least so eaid the inhabitants of Greut Ditcbley, and titeat Dltchley should know, I think, considering it hud been a village ever since Hampshire had been a county. Why, here was March, and Fropt still lording it over the waters, and showering bis white fleece upon the land ; here was flour at such a figure that the seven years' youngster could carry, and easily, as much as could be afforded by tbe whole family for a week's consumption. And yet in epite of hard frost, and hard times the male folk of Ditchley still met in solemn conclave at the Cherry Apple, not that the landlord oi that hostel gave trust, not he, but he liberally kept the big fire burning in the common room, and there the poorest of bis guests dozed from morn till iiiL'ht, with the table for a mattress and their armB for bolsters, and when not asleep amused themselves by playing shoveba'penny, or the more brain-racking and ennobling game of coddam. We, of course, do not wish our readers to enppoee that the whole of the village played for beer at the Cherry Apple, ae one person at all events might take exception to such a bold assertion. Johnny Hootle, the barber, dentiat, apothecary, and sometimes schoolmaster, though the last person whom it would be supposed was not a regular frequenter of the inn, in fact, only vieited the house at mid-day. and that was when he went with hie little brown mug to get his half pint of ale to wash down hie hot dinner of oread, cheese, and raw onions. Poor Johnny Bootle was a widower with one little boy—a village urchin, who was alwaye getting into trouble, and always as a rule getting out of it with eclat, his very rascalities turning in tbe end to hie advantage. Notably upon one occasion when be abstracted a suit from the tailor's threeroomed house at Ditchley, a suit with mortar-board hat included, and that belonged to a farmer's youngster just home from a college. Master Bob Bootle. arraying himaell in the stolen apparel, cpolly walked into the village church the following Sunday, received a new shilling from a purblind old lady, who mistook him for the parson's eon, and actually secured a bran new book of common prayer from the verger, who was so struck with the little fellow's supposed piety in attending church all alone, that, meeting him at the door, be put him into the pew belonging to the Squire'e family, who, at the time being away in London, were not, of course, present in the holy precinte of Ditchley Church. Replacing his borrowed plumes the next day, no one ever heard of Master Bob's escapade for weeks after, and then its relation wes a stable joke at tbe Chisrry Apple. It was the last day of March, the frost as hard and obstinate as ever, and Ditchley as sleepy-lookine, and ancient andaforlorn as usual, when within the common rocm of tbe Cherry Apple there was a very unusual commotion. Joe Rudkin, the pig-driver, was there, Stiles, the hedger and ditcber, Buflkins, the village carpenter, and Joe Spoopen dyke, the smith ; all were seated round tbe table in earnest conversation, shoveha'penny and coddam for the time being was forgotten, a topic of exciting interest was being conversed upon that caused everything else to be eraeed the from memory of tbe little coterie. Johnny Bootle had got the brokers in, The hard winter had put the finishing etroko to a series of misfortunes that had followed his wife'e death three years before, and without a farthing in tbe world the poor w dower had come to ruin at last. " And BO artet bein', father and Bon, more'n a hundred yeare in that house, Johnny end young Bob are to be turned out after all, are they ?" eaid the pig driver who, though a solid-headed, was a kindheartod man. " It'll be main hard lines ; poor Jnhnny 1 I be main sorry for 'un,"said BuSkine, the carpenter. This opinion being expressed by the others. By tacit consent they all left the inn, and making their way to the residence of Johnny Bootle, were in time to see the last article of furniture taken from the house. Beer, and a few halfpence collected among hie poor fellow villagers was afterwards brought to poor Johnny Bootle by honest Joe Rudkin, who waa then glad to hurry away from the aad and chilling scene. All gone at last I furniture brokers, condoling neighbours, and all. And in the waning evening light the poor widower and his youthful son eat alone upon a bench lent them by the carpenter Buflkins. " It s come at last. Bob, and it ain't as if 1 waa a man used to thie kind o' thing. Lord I our people was always well oil. Bob. Vour great grandfather, who was a sailor, made a fortune I've heard. And then his father, he was a butler and kept an inn twice the size of the Cherry Apple, whilst my poor old dad, your grandfather, made a pile of money abroad." " And what did he do with it, father! " eaid Master Bob, ruefully. " What did be do with it ? why lost it, Bob." "How; had lie got a hole in his pocket ?" raid Bob, this time with a grin. " Well. I don't know about that, Bob. He had a hole in bis 'upper storey,' I think, tu go and plank down all hia fortune upon the gaming table and the turf as he did." " Ah. yes ; I've heard all about it from poor mother. And now, what are we going to do, dad ; walk to London t I fancy that's the only thing to be done. You can get a job there. There's ae much shaving, I've been told, in London during one day, as we've had in ditchley for the past five bun dred years. My only game here is callaway, a living Bcarecrow banging the clap pers to frighten the birds ; and I oan't get a job at that now because I'm froze out." " I'm afraid we shall have to go to Lon don, Bob, though it will be dreadful to me to leave this cottage where I was born," «aid tbe poor, forlorn widower as he drew his band across life eyes that, in spite of hit eon's jovial spirits under their misfortune, were growing euBpiciously moist. "-Well, dad, you know the old saying, 'What can't be cured must be endured.' After a storm a aalm. Who knows 1 something msy turn up. You've educated me, father, given me all the knowledge you ever had, and up in Lundon we shall be apireciated, perhaps. Aod now as they Jlaven't pulled down the old summer- house built by my grandfather I'll lug away some of it, and we'll have a big fire and a supper to-night if we fast to morrow," said the lad, with an attempt at a laugh. " The old arbour that haa stood many a winter's storm. Well, as we have no fuel. Bob, as you suggest-, we may as well pull a portion of it down. The frost to-night ia intense. How the wind howls I it's beginning to snow, too, Bob. What a night 1 and our poor little home bare and bleak 1" "And eome poor creatures to-night wuuld be elBd of the sbelterof its four walls, dad." " I stand reproved. Bob. But you ate young—you are young, boy, while for me— age robs me of all nerve and courage." " Care killed a cat, dad. When things are at the worst, they may mend, ' Dark is tbe hour before the dawn.' They call me luckv Bob. I may earn a lot of money, as much as grandfather ever had, npin London, who knows 1" said tbe lighthearted boy, aa followed by his unfortunate, broken spirited parent he made his way out into the garden- at the back of tbe cottage. There at the bottom of the large piece of ground, between two apple trees stood a summer-house, thst, built of oak and beech bad remained for many years, braving alike the storms and tempests of summer and winter, its sides and roof still intact, and looking in the thick dirving enow quite comfortable that wild night. "Better have the old seat up, dad. Perhaps we might get tbe landlord of the Gharry TIM to boy th» arbour after »Ut it's just what he wants for his gapJon," ex» olaimed Bob, who now, pulling might and main at the seat at the baok of the euuin crhouse caused not only tbe top part to give way but its supports also, the consequence being that he was thrown flat on his baok, a loud cry frnm his father causing liim, however, to quickly start up to bis foet again. " It's all right, dad, I'm not hurl. But what are you staring at ? Not grandfather's ghost, ie it! " " No, Bob ; but look I see what you've done ! " Following with his eyes the direction nf his father's shaking fingers. Bob now perceived that in rending away the seat he had caused an upheaval of a purtiun of the flooring, a duik, open cavity now yawning at their feet. "Wbata jolly great hole, dad." said Bub, who. stooping down and glancing into the black abynx. lauglied aloud. Presently upon groping with his hands down the cavity, exclaiming : "It's not much of a hole, after all, father. Why I can almost feel the bottom of it, and, by Jove 1 it'x brioked all rouud like a vault. What the deuce can it be ? But wait a minute, I'll tun in and bring out the lantern. I should like to find out what it really ia." Absent only for a few minutes, upon returning with a light, Bob found his father kneeling by the hole, hiR face white as the falling snow, and bis eyes rolling and Sashing with excitement, as he exclaimed in a husky voice : " There'e a small box down there, Bob. It—it most have been there for yeare." " Hurrah, dad 1 and was put there by grandfather," cried the boy, who, now throwing himself upon the ground and making a strange sound—an odd mixture of Uughing and crying—presently, with a face almost as white aa his parent's, dragged up frnm tbe hole a email wooden box—a box fastened with a padlock, and clamped with iron. To break the decayed woodwork with a spade was the work of a moment. Wildly the father and son now gazed at the sight before them. The little box split open, a shower of gold coine had rolled out forming a perfect mound. There lay the coins, tarnished and flashing eullenly is the lantern's light, as though sulky at being disturbed from their lung repose in their dark hiding-place. The lather and son recovering from their surprise, in half an hour the treasure had been conveyed into the house, the hole being filled up and the seat in the arbour replaced. Scarce had this been accomplished when answering a loud knock at the door, the kind-hearted Joe Rudkin appeared upon the threshold laden with blankets and chests sent by his good dame. Informed of what had taken pliice the pig-driver shouted uproariously, exclaiming : " Lucky Bob ! dang it, here's a go 1 111 go round and borrow the miller's oob, and I'll wager I'll find those coves with the van Tbey bean't been away from Cherry Tree morn a hour." Joe Rudkin did come up with the van, and before twelve that night the goods had been brought back again, all Ditchley alive with the news. The next day, from a handful of the guineas, Johnny Bootle had paid the landlord of the Cherry Tree a sum, in return for which beer, egp and' bacon, with spirits ad lib. bad to be provided for every resident in Ditchley, tbe feast being eaten in the big room of the inn, where the guosts grew boarse in hurraying Johnny Bootle and his son, lucky Bob. 