^7^ T\ ? : ?I'-i.'-J Sermon. ^FOR THE CHRISTMAS ORDINATION, ST. PAUL'S ? CATHEDRAL, MELBOURNE, 1897. (By Rev. W. Stacey Chapman, D.D.) 'And He said unto me, 'Son of Man, can these bones live?' And I answered and said, 'O Lord, Thou knowest.' Again He said unto me, ' Prophesy over these bones, and say unto them, O ye dry bones, hear the word of the Lord 1' '— Ezekied xxxvii. 3, 4. One of the marks of the greatness of the prophet Ezekiel is in the fact that of himself personally he has told us almost nothing. We believe that he was a priest, that he was carried captive to Babylon while still a boy, and that he died comparatively young. Wliat we knoic is that he had a house by the river Chebar, that he afterwards passed through what is perhaps the most terrible and desolating of all sorrows, and that he was the sublimest of prophets. He was certainly raised up of God to be the instructor and comforter of His people, now bowed down under chastisements which had brought repentance. His office as comforter and instructor of the Church is illustrated in the highest degree by the prophecy of which our text forms a part. Jerusalem was now in ruins, and had been so for some years past. Ezekiel had seen it in its glory. As a nation Israel had been destroyed. But at length, after many weary years of exile and captivity, a true repentance had begun to do its work. The repentance, however, was accompanied by a profound despondency, and the despondency approached despair. In their own graphic speech they said: ' Our bones are dried ; our hope is lost ; we are clean cut off.' Then came the hand of the Lord upon Ezekiel, and all of merely personal con sciousness was lost in the enfolding presence and power of the Spirit of God. He finds himself in a wide outspreading valley, which has clearly at some time long ago been the scene of a great and sanguinary battle. No one has cared for the decent burial of the dead. But the vultures have done their part, and foxes and wolves have fought over the remnants of the slain. The torrid sun has not been wanting. The joints of armed men, once knit together as with bands of steel, are now unsinewed, and can be torn asunder without effort— bare, bleached, scattered, mixed : the ghastly spoils of glorious war. The prophet is made to go round about and among these dismembered skeletons, so as to get the full sense and impression of their horrible number and condition, and behold, ' they were very many, and very dry.' And at once — but with complete naturalness as it seems — there breaks on him the question, 'Son of Man, can these bones live?'. And he answers, ' 0 Lord God, Thou knowest.' What was precisely the prophet's mind in thus answering we can hardly tell, though it would be interesting to know, and might perhaps be also instructive. He may have meant simply, a confession of unqualified ignorance. He may have meant to convey a doubt. I would prefer, however, to take the words as implying belief that even those dry bones could be clothed and filled with life if God so pleased, though whether He would so please was known only to God Himself. The prophet was nest bidden to prophesy over the bones, and there then took place the marvel thus described : ' There was a noise' — or, better, a voice — ' and behold a shaking, and the bones came together, bone to his bone. The sinews and the flesh came upon them.' Again Ezekiel is bidden to prophesy — ' Thus saith the Lord God, Come from the four winds, 0 breath, and breathe upon these slain that they may live.' He prophesied as bidden, and the breath came into them, and they lived, and stood upon their feet, an exceeding great army. Such was the vision of dry bones. Your recollection of the then religious and political condition of the Jewish people, makes superfluous any attempt to show how well adapted was the vision to encourage and help them. Nothing could have been further from life than the dried and scattered bones beheld by Ezekiel. Yet by the power of God they were brought together, adjusted to each other, and filled with life. In like manner with God's Jewish Church and nation ; they were scattered, banished, despoiled, and apparently with no possible chance of restoration ; but they were to be restored. The sun of a complete emancipation was to dawn, and the black clouds of captivity for ever rolled away ; so were they to live in hope. Despair would give place to patience and courage when it was seen what God was doing, and how the dismembered units into which Church and nation had been torn by misery and rebellion, unfaithfulness and unbelief, should be succeeded by the integration of part with part, and restored organic unity be fulfilled in an organic life of serviceableness and power. No less than this could be looked for from the ' exceeding great army' beheld by the prophet. 'Behold, O my people, I will open your graves' — your graves of banishment and despair — ' and cause you to come up out of your graves, and bring you into the land of Israel . . . and I shall put my Spirit in you, and ye shall live . . . and ye shall know that I the Lord have spoken it and performed it, saith the Lord.' What possible further intention or prediction this prophecy contains, I think, need not concern us this morning. We cannot be mistaken, however, in thinking it contains various suggestions applicable to the very solemn function immediately before us. Some of our young brothers are to be ordained deacons, others are to be 'made priests, and they will all of them receive authority to preach. Now, it is no one. .thing.. of any. kind which will determine your future position in the Church, my brothers — whether preaching, or spirituality, or organising power, or devotion to your people, or devotion to your personal advancement. But that which will mainly determine your usefulness, as distinguished from your position, whether to individual souls greatly in need of assistance, or to the Church as an organised whole, appealing to its leaders for guidance and defence, will be your preaching. Never mind that there exists in ? certain sections of both clergy and laity a disposition to undervalue preaching. ' People don't go to church to hear sermons,' we are told, ' but to say their prayers.' Do you think that as matter of fact such persons are dis tinguished above others for the greater frequency with which they say their prayers, or for any other kind of superior devotion at the throne of grace ? I much doubt it. But of this I am sure : that when the Church of England ceases to be a teachinc and nreachinu Chnmh — n, Church having the gift of 'prophesying' in the true Scriptural sense of it— she will at once lose her place and her present legitimate claim to it. In a large army you need men and material for every description of warfare. In the Church you need men, and training, and endowment of every description, that more successfully you may make war in God's name against vice, against unbelief, against ignorance ; and one of the most efficacious of those weapons of your warfare is undoubtedly preaching. For myself I know nothing that is more worthless than the talk about the comparative unimportance of preaching. For any of us, my brothers, to depreciate preaching or 'prophesying' would be the confession of superficial thought, and of a tendency towards sloth. _ You will remember, however, that it is a work calling — and not simply calling for, but urgently demanding strenuous and persistent study. He who eschews reading and thinking will not long go on preaching. His discourses, always presuming them to be his own, will go down and down in quality till at length they become mere evangelical small-talk — intolerable to men, useless to the Church, discreditable to himself. But preaching or prophesying, though of such confessed importance, is sometimes extremely difficult. The paucity of ideas may generally be avoided by reading and reflection ; but to get always the ideas and themes that are best adapted to the needs and sniritual condition of your congregation, that is difficult indeed. You will sometimes have to deal with a perfectly self-satisfied narrowness that will be incredible until you have made acquaintance with it. You will occasionally war ?ivith all your might against prejudice, and bigotry, and arrogance, only to find they are invincible. Above all, you will try to preach your way through the spiritual indifference that does not know it is indifferent ; through the spiritual deadness which, without a single misgiving, imagines itself simply a genteeler form of religious life. And when you have done this unsuccessfully again and again, and have felt the humiliation of it, you will remember this morning and the great prophet Ezekiel, and that nothing is impossible with God, while without the breath of God the dry bones will never live. But meanwhile, what a terrible discouragement falls on you? 'Who hath believed our report ? And to whom has the arm of the Lord been revealed ?' It was a greater than any of us whose despondency thus found voice. ' Surely I ? have laboured in vain, and spent my strength for nought and in vain.' Why that was the prophetic antici pation of the heartbreak of your Lord when He saw with what deliberateness and even hatred His ministry was refused. Is it not enough for the disciple to be as His Lord ? 'Yea, and you will take care to be like Him in another respect— the unfailing assurance that, no matter whether men will hear or will forbear, no matter for your popularity or the want of it, no matter for seeming success or seeming failure, your judgment is with your Lord, your work and its recognition with your God. Again, do you notice how it appears never to have occurred to Ezekiel to make the smallest demur of any kind whatever to the commands he received? No doubt we may attribute that circumstance, if we choose, to the fact of the normal operation of the prophet's own conscious ness being for the time suspended. But I certainly should not like to take that fact as indicating that under some circumstances, or under any circumstances, there could be justifiable hesitation about obeying a Divine command: ' Prophesy upon these bones.' When that word is spoken we have nothing to do with likelihood or unlikeli hood in respect of result, but only with likelihood or unlikelihood as to the manner and method of our obedience. And that ought to be a help to all of us when we are tempted to relax our endeavours because of discouragement. We are to ' Preach the Word.' ' Go stand and speak in the Temple to the people all the words of this life.' We are to trust actively, lovingly, unreservedly in Him who called and endowed and used Ezekiel, and who will in like manner use us who have been called to the ministry of His Church, provided we will let Him. And, above all, let us not trust in our learning or eloquence or cleverness for success 121 preaching. Invaluable as subordinate to the power of the Holy Ghost working in and through you, they are worthless without it, for in every rebpect they mislead. That _ brilliant sorites, with its attractive paradoxical first term in your introduction and the last in a peroration, which gathers up all that has preceded in ever-accumulating force and harmony of effect, may be creditable to your intellectual powers tod beneficial as an exercise, but is of little enough use for the edification of believers, or for the saving conversion of souls. It is something different from that you require for the pulpit. The feats of the intellectual gymnast may be something to admire, but it is the disciplined strength of God's soldier we want for the work of the Church. So let us be strong to labour, and strong to wait, and persevering in prayer. The soil can never be too well tilled, but we must remember only God can give the increase. Live, then, as near to your Lord as ever you can get, and the Lord stand by you and save you, and when your work-day ends there will be light ? for your eventide, and the eternal reward of His own ' Welcome and well done 1' 