WHO IS "OCRIPPLES?' ds ant There has been.a good deal of con- tha jecture as to who "Cripples" may be, nut and in consequence he has forwarded us tite the subjoined verses which he dedicates mel to Cr. Firmin, and states the words are au set to one of Bert Turnley's ftvourite ant airs. Down with the '!Jews- barp": 'He-may be in the church perhaps taking Ore round the plate, var Wiih a fsce as solemn as a deacon, w, What .matter who he is, -he'll deeide you councillors' fate. aa Treat him gently.; do no lose your beacon' i Perhaps it is the doctor, who always is so Bil kind, aes Just when hIoeis colleeting all theheans. . tiv !Perhape it is a ghost, in the old "Gaseutte" jmu maey find, Or so'u one ealso that's ti 'bebhinlthe' a" scenes kit -nt maybe Charlie Smyth, or, perhaps, its li :.Mfr WVitt. l tWhile stRintouli always blames another Hi mon. . St 'Say, Johin.ite simply nsoless,the secret we 4 S haved hit, t 'Own up, Jaik, anddeny it if you can. r Some saylita 3lr.Frat or, perhaps, its Mr. Lamb. SIBob fIedley keeps himself so very closie, EAnd sayshe won't drink stout, only coffee with hisiham. ' While'Powell snd Sun declare the lark's jocose.a r Jauk Boyle is always busy and says he hasn't time, wi t But throws the blame on McIntosh above. i IThese gents they are tricky; ;just sendthem ot I4 no a line, a Thaj'll takotbo haitlike any little dove, . e Aitken says its Hasiz, but Charlie gius and. 'it a looks-next door. ea y 'We turned and saw the Manager. Aherin; 'lo \- Our genlal friend: looked quite aghast, and ye fteels awful sore. : r. While Miller at the publooka like a churn. *01 d Bome says its Bill Tdlloebh, the owner of the a1 g mart. S If not, the-son next dcor, who ents "yer" Pb A hair.b SWhile others say itslMiller, the gentleman of al W art. tl Who klicks thekiddles foetbill In the air. ,e Others belilseits George Watson, who al- at Smost broke his leg. ' ll. Most people in the know say Johnny all. ig Holloway grins andsmiles as he's shaving off ' WhileaoH l e, next door, is pleased to get ie a call. ti to ti i1 Next we come to Morris, who smiles from in ear to ear, ro Anl, laughbingly, tells you ho's been to'eea. a s McDonald and Hone, the bakers, say'he is a re While leine and Rowell say they have thekey. I' ii- Next-come the State School teachers, Bull- : , van aend 81sttery 'Are unlous fo'r to keopit in the dark, r 1, They say it is no fun to be though that it is r P we, iGreaves is alsointlt.e swim for any lark. h Robotham and Date throwtho blame upon c od O'Connor, I j Wholn turn puts it on to little Dick. in While Gorman looks severe, and says upon nq hishonor ' . It is eniugh to mdke did ."1ripplee" sick. nit Perhaps it is Bert Turnley, that's over in the es- West, r D- Or some one lilins up the .Middle Creek. le If it Is a syndicate George says he'll look the I ere chest iat Andkeep them there for their internal lit cheek. r. Porbaps is Ikey Haywar who's always on n 1 the flute. ithe' Old Charlie Collins grins and goes to ids sleep. oid May he the two fcDonalds; gentlemen, of come salute. Ilay Atrocious man, we must defend our sheep. o Pl'crhaps its Pennycuick or, perhaps, its old in. fat Wicks thie Or sanucy Williams, chopping on the block. Itn- He may be near the gorge and up to some of ed. his tricks.. In fact, it may be Quigey; what a shock, Hie may be in the council chamber taking tlh friendly notes, by Probably find him underneath the floor, sere Two retiring councillors are anxious for his lch votes. ary- Four others ay they'll sick him out the door, 