THE WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 3, 18'J8. ' For the cause that lacks assistance, For the wrong that needs resistance, For the future in the distance. And the sood that we can do. Unclaimed Wires— Mr Armanasco, J. Baldwin. Hugo Bilterbraudt. Through pressure on our space to-day wo ere ngaiu compelled to bold over — Leader, '' liita's ' column, and other im portant matter. Sir Wraggo wires us the following fqre c;ist-^-C!oudy to rain, but temporarily im proving. Strong -S. to Si.li. winds iu squalls. li:uher roujjb sea around the coast of Tasmania generally. The Manager of Railways has arranged tliat a crossing will be constructed over the railway lines from Fowell-street to tliti goods shed, as soon us the Town Bojrd have completed the construction of Foweil-strect. Archdeacon Whitiugton (Church of EuiUnd) inny bo expected on the West CoaKt i;i a lew days, for the purpose of taking temporary charge of the church at Queenstown. Daring the Archdeacon's absence from Newtown his duties will bo discharged by the Uev J. J. lirydgos, whe left Zeeban tor that purpose on Monday. The West Tasinauian Football Associa tioj) aro makin;j every preparation fur tho match between the Quoeustown and Zee ban Clubs to be played on Saturday on the Association Ground. A picket fence is boiug erected on an angle skirting the front of the dro-sinjj-rooin so as to pre vent the public from encroaching on the playing snane. Refreshments will lie pro vided. Mr E. Lyuch, of the Pulaca Hotel, Zeeban, secured the ri^ht to the booth, which was submitted by public auction yesterday at Messrs Brumby and Co.'s ir art : ihe |-I i :e received was Si'2 Us. The man who made Germany has made his exit frosn a world in which, till 1N.I0, bo filled such a large place that the history of bis life till then was practically (he history of tbo country he served. As Napoleon was to France Bismarck was to Germany — Napoleon slashed out nn em pire with his sword, Bismarck built one with schemes — with the difference thit the latter's wirk was not of the meteoric :tnd boomerang nature of that of the Corsica); adventurer. Jt is a pity tho Priiico livei to becono a political ghost, a wounded lion whose roar awakened no dread. However, he did his work well — ic will live and stand the test of ajes— .?stid his memory will ever be enshrined iu the he irta of his countrymen. Gladstone and liiemarck gone — who will be the next .' Mr F. Dack, Genera.! Manager of Kail ways, is making an offer to the Town Uo.ir.l which is worth the serious consid eration of tint body. Mr Back in tends inakiug a portion of Bhiel street (which facus the Hail way Station) into sites for wood mid coal and timber yards to be leased on tender. If the Town Ijoard construct the street. Mr Back offers to supply a 1,000 yards of metal free, to iln the work, and will run a SftCinrailway siding through the blocks. These timber yHrds will have the street on one side and tlie 2!t gauge tramway on the other lie sides the broad ?auee line running through their centre. iShiel streot runs from Main street to Fowell Btreet, and when this Arrangement is carried out every facility will be pruvidod the public for olt lining timber and coal supplies which are brought by rail. ? Mr F.Laugworthy has a furnished house to let ; also two nuts at the Kiug End. Advertiser has two furnished rooms to let, also vacancies for two ladies or married couple. Mr J. C. Harris will sell at his m.irt on Thursday household furniture and effects as per advertisement. The monthly assembly, conducted by Miases Tomes and Keon, will be held to night in the A.M.A. Hall. Dancing willl commence at 8 o'clock. ThsWesieyan Band of Hope will meet in the Montagu Hall to-night, when a pro gramme of songs, recitations, and dialogues will be presented. The members of tbe Zsehan Military Band are requested to meet tbis after noon at 2.30 at Farner's Hotel to march to the Charity Football Match. Messrs Gourlay and Son. ironmongers, etc.. have a large assortment of banging and stand lamps, also all kinds of stoves, which are being offered at low prices for cash. The Tasmanian Government Bail way Department will despatch a special train from Zeehan on Sunday, 7th inst., to Sfraiisn, leaving JSeeban station at 9 a.m., and Str.ihan, on the return journey, at C p.m. Fares, 4s tirat, 2s Ci second. Messrs Calder and Hull, sharebrokers and insurance agents, of Zeeban and Queonstown, have removed into tfaeir new premises (those lately occupied by the National Bunk) at Queenstown. They have several building sites for sale, and are agents for the A.M -P. Life Assurance Society, Liverpool and London ana Globe Fire insurance Co.. Manchester Fire In surance Co.. and the Alliance Marine Insurance Co. of London. 