BP1W&; Almost every station in the colotry reported rain this morning, i ' Mr. Jaa, Andrews, one of the pioneers of the Towerong district, died on Saturday. ? The miners at Wyalong have decided to give the strikers at Adelong financial support. Gaptain J. M. Banks has gone to Port Macquarie to endeavor to float the North Coast steamer Ma cleay. The amount of stamp duty paid last week in re- ' spect of probate and letters of administration was £3924 3s. 'The September sittings of the District Court commenced this morning, his Honor Judge Mur ray presiding. The electric tram from Ocean-street to Rose Bay is expected' to start running about the middle of the present month. The first water commenced. to flow into the new Centennial Park Reservoir at seven minutes to 11 o'clock this morning. The R.M.S. Himalaya, which arrived at Adelaide on Saturday, reported that two cases of beri beri had been landed at Aden. The new assistant manager of the Broken Hill Proprietary Mine, Mr. J. D. Delpratt, is a passen ger by the R.M.S. Himalaya. The steamer Cintra, which arrived yesterday from Queensland ports, brought seven boxes gold, consigned to various banks. ? . . The North Coast steamer Wyrailah took the ground at Ballina on Saturday. . It is hoped that she will be floated off uninjured. ? New South Wales stockowners are recommended by the Queensland Minister for Agriculture to inoculate their cattle against tick. Our Forster correspondent wires: Owing to the prolonged north-east: winds and tli^re being; no Bteamer in the trade, supplies are running eh.crt. Our Corowa correspandent wires: Miss Heaneesy, of Tocumwal, won the first prize, a pair of ponies, in the R.C. Presbytery art union, drawn oo Friday last. Two stewards of H.M.S. Wallaroo had a narrow escape from drowning near Albany, W.A. They were in a dingey, which capsized in a eouth- west gale. Mr. and Mrs. F. Lassetter, Mr. and Mrs. Stef fani, Miss Florence Schmidt, are passengers book ed by the Armand Behic, leaving to-day for Mar seilles. It is reported that the South Kembla Coal Com pany will shortly open up their recently acquired seam, situated between Mount Kembla and Mount Keira. T&e; Invereil Quarter Sessions opened this morn ing, before Judge Coffey. Pour cases are down for trial, which will occupy the whole day. ? There are only two civil cases. The P. and O. Company's H.M.S. Himalaya, from Lorfdon, is due at Melbourne, en route to Syd ney, tc-day. Her mails to date August 5 will reach Sydney to-morrow. . The Hon. J. A. Hague, Minister for Public In etrueticu and Industry, is announced to address a meeting of Ms constituents in the Glebe Town Hall at 8 o'clock this evening. .... It has been agreed that the certificate of a Govern ment officer showing that fruit has bean fumigated at the part of shipment shall tie accepted in Queens land, N.S.W., and Victoria. Arthur Stray committed iiaiicide at Carlton, a Melbourne suburb, on Saturday by jumping from a thirdTstorey window at his lodgings, smashing fcifi skull on the pavement. Mr. Hogue states that 'it is the earnest desire of the Ministry to be able to bring about such amend ments' in ttie Constitution Bill as will enable it to became law in a short time.' Robert Prestige, a young ' man residing at his brother's farm near Hillston, committed suicide on Saturday afternoon by hanging himself in his hut. No reason for the suicide is known. The skeleton found buried in a tree near Bal tcn, in the Goulburn district, has proved to be that of an aboriginal, amongst whom tree burial is said to have been a common practice. Mr. W. W. Walsh, the well-known Sydney share broker, who recently took a trip to London with his wife and family, is expected to return to Sydney by the incoming English steamer. Mr. T. S. Marshall, storekeeper at Port Ger mein (S.A.), was found bleeding from a revolver wound on Friday, and died on Saturday evening. How he received the wound is unknown. A man named William Lee was assaulted and robbed by footpads in Melbourne on Saturday night. He received shocking injuries to the head, and it is feared that his skull is fractured. White, the W.A. overlanding cyclist, arrived in Adelaide on Saturday evening. M'Donald, who is cycling from Port Darwin, reached Barrow's Creek on Sunday, having done 831 miles in 13 days. . The new reservoir at Centennial Park, which is to be filled during the next few days, will hold 18,000,000 gallons, equal to about one day's con sumption for the metropolis in summer time. A child of 12 months named Haydon was burn ed to death at Port Melbourne on Saturday even ing through its clothes catching fire. Mrs. Haydon was also badly burned in extinguishing the flames. It is reported that Varley, one of the Trial Bay escapees, was seen outside South Grafton on Fri day, and stole a ride on the Graf'ton-Glen Innes coach to Dalmorton, where lie escaped into the bush. Disappointment is expressed at Singleton at the comparative failure of the recent shipment of oranges to London. The. growers consider that the deterioration was due to too large a quantity being taken together. There is a labor difficulty at the Black Horse Cy'anida Works, Ballarat (V.), owing- to the men's -wages being reduced from 6s 6d to -3s per day. The local branch of the Miners' Association is dealing with the dispute. Mr. W. Dymock, the reform candidate for Mac quarie Ward, will address a meeting of the rate payers at the Protestant Hall to-night. Proceed ings will commence at 8 o'clock, and Mr. Ed mund Barton, Q.C., will preside. The Horseshoe Railway Station, near Kalgoorlie (W,A.), was entered by burglars early on Satur day morning, and the safe, containing £37, ab stracted. The remains o£ the safe, which were re moved in a cart, were afterwards found, hacked open. A telegram from Pamtmla in the 'Evening News' of August 31 stated that Mr. Gardner's death was due to a fit of 'laughing,' causing him to break a blood-vessel. It should have been a fit of 'coughing,' The error occurred in telegraphic transmission. The directors of the tJnanderra Butter Company have accepted a tender for the erection of a re frigerating plant at their factory. The work will be completed by the middle of October, when the factory will be enabled to put through over a ton of butter daily, if required. Miss Isabel Sinclair-Fordyce, daughter of the Rev. John Fordyce, of Woollahra, and sister of Dr. Fordyce, of Leichhardt, died on Saturday from peritonitis. The remains pt the deceased were in terred yesterday at Waverley Cemetery, the ser vice at the grave being conducted by the Rev. W. L. Pattison. . The 'ghost' is Still walking at Bendigo (V.). He is reported to have brutally struck in the face a young woman who pluckily. threw a stone at him. The Bendigo (V.) police have so far been unable to solve the mystery attaching to the remains re cently found at Sandy Creek, which showed 'inden- tation by shots. ? Father M'N&mara; announced yesterday that the inability of the people to pay even the interest on the debt upon the land and church at Sutherland had been represented to the Cardinal, and be had paid off the amount, £600. The bondsmen were now free, and all the Cardinal asked them was to pay £20 a year towards the fund set apart for keep ing in repair the home lor aged priests, situated at.Ryde. : '? . . . The three principal charitable institutions of Ballarat (V.)'h.ave received a windfall through the death of an elderly mifeer nameii Harvey, who re cently died from an incurable complaint. The po lice, on taking charge of the man, discovered de posit receipts for over £900. Harvey left £300 to each institution, and £50 each' to the 'doctor and' policeman who took ?charge of him, and -his cot tage to a rieighboringTvoman;who;wais kind to him. .Mr. C. A. Lee, the new Minister for Justice, who is Sfc&ting; re-election, addressed a large meeting at the School of Arts,. Tenterfield, on ^-Friday evening, and bad an enthusiastic reception; ,, He made a strongly federal speech,. and saioLhe mould not have taken office had he not believed in the Premier's sincerity on the subject. He also referred to the necessity of Queensland coming. into the federation. Mr. Lea was « -accorded a unanimous vote of con fidence. ~' - - ... TattersaU's Dembnstratic:- Hi,. 3rd Oct., 25,000 - at 5. Care Geo. Adams, Hobart.-^yi , . . ^ 