HOOLEY AGAIN. A story of Mr Hooley is told by a oorres Soodent of the new paper * M. A. P.* He escribes how some years ago he met Mr Hooley at a dinner :-There was (ho writes) another guest at this dinner-a brilliant creature-who has seen all sides of human life ; has been journalist, politician, finan- cier ; a grim lighter ; an incomparable raconteur, and of stories drawn from every phase of human lifo, from every region of the world. I don't know what devil put it into our heads, but tho conversation turned on men that had been broken, and the name turned up of one who was known at one epoch to everybody in London, especially to everybody who wont up to the Oity. There is no need to mention the name now ; everybody will recognise it from the story. The much-travelled reoonteur was in his best vein, had told story after story- thrill- ing, tragical, comic ; and, when this name was mentioned, naturally he netted upon it, and told tho story of life and death-for it was a story of lifo and death-with all the abundant resources of his picturesque lan- guage, his gedture, his mimetic power. The Btory lent itself to such treatment. For its hero had tho reputation of immendo wealth, livod in a «rand stroot, entertained royally, wa» a magnato among promoters, kept horbos-in faot, ran the whole gamut of the rioh, luxurious ago and country m whioh wo live. And than ho took to orime -secret, undiscovered, never revealed, even to this hour. Tho day of reckoning oame. He went to his place in tho oountry ; and then oame, from the lips of the raconteur, hii description of tho last hour of the doomed man. Ho mot death, said tho teller of tho story, wiih tho same audaoious front he had always turned to the world. ' He first,' said tho raconteur, ' fired a shot at a tree to pee if tho revolver wore in good order, and then he fired a shot into hid own brain. He was a game man.' Suddenly there came over the dinner-table a ghastly silenoe, a thrill as of the ghost of the dead passing ; it lasted but for a few moments, but it soomed to mo a very, very long time. Mr Hooley was the first to speak, and spoko like the brave, healthy oroaturo I tako him to be. He took a fork, traced a littlo bit of a farm in bis native country. ' If I'm o vor broken,' he said, * I won't blow out my brains ; I'll tro down to that littlo farm with my wifo and children, and I'll turn farmer,' It was bravely spoken, and now that the dread hour has nomo, I trust that it will be as bravely aoted. I know nothing about Mr Hooley'a flaanoial methods, but I oannot bring myself to joiu -¡31_* the ignoble crowd that hunted him, toadied him, ruined him in his hour of triumph, and that now trample on his prostrate body. 