FEMINTER; ,. ? -:r: 13T THE AURORA LAND OF THE OUiTH. JAMES CROZIER, B.&, 4theor of " The Dame of Margaerets," ett CHAPTER IX.-(Coooienux,.) A -tin re are oecwecn tour anu rive nun dred free woman and some fifty slaves. The free and the bond have kept the same pro portional numbers for time immemorial The only distinguishing mark of the slaves is the short cut hair, which is always covered with something like a coif. The slaves are admitted into the chief hall three times each day." " I hope," Smythe said, " the lovely patrician lady has changed her character since the time of Juvenal. There is half a bull in that, but you will understand what I mean." ' it::' i' ! " As there are only fift slaves each of them becomesoof considerable value, and therefore is treated welt. But let us move. Hillo I here are some of the short-haired domestics." fr Three or four women entered the room and saluted the gentlemen. Of necessity Watson was the interpreter. He learned from them that the presence of the strangers was requested at the morning meal, after which wasto be held a meeting of all the ladies to disouss important business, and to this meeting the gentlemen were invited. i. The meeting was held in an apartment ofil the refectory furnished in a similarly luxur ious manner as the other chambers of that marvellous edifice. Some of the ladies re dined on couches. These formed an outer circle and were for the most part young. The others had chairs like the curale chairs of the Roman senators, and on a sort of raised platform Reyna Lucia was seated having a tiara gem-decked on her haughty head. She motioned the gentlemen to vacant seats near herself, and then she rose to address the assembly. The tame English translation of her speech gives only a very partial idea of the fervid eloquence and the glowing thought which inspired it. " Mothers and sisters,--hat women have been slaves, aye, slaves most degraded, has been a fact too well known to all here.. We have been shaking our chains in vain.' In vain have we appealed to high heaven itself -in vain have we appealed to the higher instincts of man himself. But hitherto neither Heaven nor man has lent an ear to our prayers or entreaties. It was not always so. At one time women were held in honour as the mainstay of the ship of state. You know I have been taught by one who knows all things, and with her I have read the books of the old days when the mother reared the child to be an honour to his country and the delight of his parents. Perhaps women hadto some extent them selves to blame for the change. Their sphere ofinfluenceandaction is definite enough. They have the home to look after ; the man has to fight the stern fight with pennrious nature. If the woman steps beyond her legitimate sphere she invites a contest in which she must be worsted. We are ex amples. But the penalty we have paid for the sins of others has been too severe. We have been used as goods and chattels are used and only appreciated for our absolute utility. Our masters claim each year a tri bute of our best. We are not considered in the transaction any more than are the beasts of the sea and land whose flesh we eat and of whose soft fur we make our raiment. How long have heart and soul revolted against the tyranny ! How long has the anguish of this serfdom found voice in the groans echoed through these walls! But the first blow has been struck ; the first stroke on our fetters has shattered the chains for ever. Never more shall we endure this treatment. The day of redemption has arrived, or the day of des traction is at hand. You saw how the trireme of Fabius was in a few minutes at the mercy of the wonderful ship which now lies in our harbour. Some of you heard the fierce threats Fabius uttered-threats of vengeance on us as well as on the strangers, threats of a more strict seclusion and sterner punisment. How are we to meet these threats, mothers and sistors! One and only one way is left us-to trust ourselves to the men who have proved that they can defend women as well as respect them." The hum of approval spread over the whole assembly, but Watson and Murray, who followed the oration pretty well, eyed each other with some doubt-Smythe had caught but little of the drift of the discourse It was hardly what they anticipated. To become the champions of oppressed woman hood was all very well in the abstract, but they were very much of the opinion that the women had brought the evils on themselves. Elsewhere they had seen how venomously aggresvsie women can become with their rights and wrongs, their " woman suffrage," their unwarranted interference with manly pursuits and pleasures, and consequently they had some sympathy with the root and branch policy of the Trausmarians. But they had gone too far to draw back now. Fabius and his fellows were not the men to forgive interference with their prescriptive rights. If they retained anything of the oldi Roman spirit the Englishmen were sure the tight would be a stiff one, end how it might. Watson could not pretend to speak the language--indeed he found some difficulty in speaking Latin, which was to him a book language-and so he conversed with Lucia instead, and asoured her that what they coult do would be done to protect the in habitants of Feminter. ie madule strict en quiries as to the number of men in Trans. mare, and found that there were about one thousand able-bodied soldiers, ls-ides a hundred slaves, and that they had some thirty triremes, such as the Aurora had already encountered,. Lucia conveyed the assurance of Watson to the other ladies, and then the assembly broke up. What surprised our friends above all things was that not a sn~gle voice was raised to defend or excuse thle 'ransnlarians. And yet the grievances of the women were to a large extent sentimental. They were well and carefully looked after. Every luxury was placed at their disposal. One had only to calculate the immense labour that had been expended on the wonderful nlava edifice to judge how much care was bestowed on their well-being. But women never c ill be political economists or ardent disciplles of the doctrines of Malthus. Sentiment is everything with them, logdic nothing. The women crowded round our heros, sxamining them just as a mob of dichesses and coultesses in Londlon or lar?is crowd round a visitor from some paradiie in the Pacific. This attention to modest oulllog men of the nineteenth century-there are a few left-was most oppressive. Anyone wnto has ever got on his feet to address a lrge audience can tell the strange effect the sea af eyes before him has on hIs nerves; and if those eyes were all large, ebon black, an:d mntensely bright, lighting up features of beauty only varying in degree, the exc:te ment of the said nerves would not he lessened. "By Jove," Smytho said, "this is an em aarrassment of riches. Shall we appeal to a Reyna to rescue us from mesmeric col pee h " Ah! here are some friends of ours," said Plurray, and the two ladies who had becu ;he first to board the Aurora male their way ;hrough the crowd and took the gentlemen by the arm to lead themaway. lihe Vnus, ehoec name was really Claudia, laughed as lourray andil Smythe looked round for Wat son. Watson was safe enough ; Lucia was ay his tide. " We must get on board at once and see foyd," said Watson, waho hand halted near ;he narrow door. "I wonder what became of our dingey men." " They are safe enough, you may bet," aid Smythe. "They must have hbul a anrsting time of it if they fared anything ike us. : They were accompanied to the little pier ,y the three ladies, all enveloped in the rich iables which were evidently regarded as the aroper wear in the cold of the open air. I3he dingey was waiting for ithem, and is a few minutes they weree on board the Aurora, with something of the sensation of :eturning home after a long absence. Boyd cnet them as they stepped on the deck and hlook hands with the three men as if he had uever expected to see them again. " Upon my honour," said he ' I never felt so uneasy in all my life, or spent a more miseerble time of it. Your two men came back after they saw you into that block iff?ir and they gave Euch a rum account of all the proceedings that I would have given the Aurora herself to be at your side." "At any rate here we are safe and sound," said Watson. "We must have a council of aar at once, and so we shall adjourn to the :uddy to hold it." CHAPTER X. . Watson gave Boyd a rapid acconnt of their One tlousandl tons of American plates for shiIo have ibeen delivered at tie shiplhuilding e yals on tlhe Clyde, l adveeasr hich `o ae uneoaity to a wonderful degre. .? " gen,~sasid he, " nothing bt women t WhatiPpraK f"i49aho8i4t, "Yeu,.e n, tlthingnIut women; but t avcry eo fm :lqueen ,By Jove,"'lid ~mythe, "'`>s eld asu.-aen ask Qaeen Victoria for.tie KObinoo;rM'one of them'for x k isS.n . r "Perhap youwould findfind them only women after all," said Murray. " You can't :?ily push nature out with a fork, Ask W'atson." Watson actually blushed. "You fellows forget," he said, "that we nave other things to think about than the :harms of womendom. Listen, Boyd. We may expect in three days at the most a visit from some twenty vessels like that we peppered so vigorously. I tell you the men have never had occasion to cultivate war, And therefore the science was neglected, but they have made such progress in the natural sciences that I am afraid they have reserve powers which will give us trouble. Just fancy the resources of men who could put together such an edifice as that, who have made the air light-carrying, who have utilised the hidden fires of the earth to pro mote vegetable and animal growth, who have made electricity and magnetism agents in the home life for every day purposes. It is marvellous-so marvellous that our boasted scientific knowledge is only the alphabet to it. If they had had to devote their knowledge to war our little Aurora would not have had a ghost of ashow in the encounter." "Looking at it from that point of view there is something to be considered," said Boyd. "If there was nothing to be con sidered but the warlike capability of the triremo I should not trouble my head, but as yon state it there is n'doubt. Now what I should suggest is that we mount one of the heavy guns on that point. We can easily haul it up. It will give us some pro. tectuon if we find ourselves forced to fall hack and defend the entrance. The en trance is narrow, thank heaven! and our torpedoes will be useful. What a happy thought it was to bring them." " We may thank you for the .thought,' said Murray, . "Yes. But I ha4 quite another idea in my head. I thought we might try the effects of one of them on an iceberg. Ivy George! it would have brought some of those big fellows down with a rare burley. llnrley-burley." " Don't maltreat Shakespeare, you I'hilis. Line," said Murray. "Bother Shakespeare just now. Another thing we must do is to keep our dlynamos always at work, or at least as often as possible. For this reason I shall up sail to morrow morning fora criuise. I noticedthe iun dipped right ienehth the hIorizon yester lay, so we shall lie able Ebofi'to make out a tecent day and night. I wonderif this sea or any part of it is open during-the long ionter. It would never do for us to be :aught napping, and a good look- oat must x, kept. I should say some of the women vould not objc-t to tlhat duty.. At any rate ve must be pretty constantly on the move. If we havre plenty of room to mnanceuvre I vouldn't fear a thousand of craft like your :riremes." " Your Gatlings and Maxims are in work. og order, I suppose !" "That the vicious beggars are. The men orward think there is something in the aind, and they have been overhauling all lie arns and ammunition. Gad ! they are ike the war horse and sniff the battle from tfar." "Do you think they will stand by us ?' "Like true blue Britons They;are all agog about the shore. Your dingey men nade a highly-Spiced report, and the W-hole :rew is in a state of long drawn expectation." "Should we speak to them and let them 'now how things stand ? They hive a right :o know, for we have got thein'into this :orner, and, by orve, they are in the same aox as ourselves." " It might be as well. At any rate a few words can do no harm. Ill call old Tom, the boatswain, and sound him." Tom came in shortly after and made his usual salute to the gentlemen at the table. This was not an elaborate altair, as it con sisted of plucking an imaginary forelock with the dexter finger and thumb. Tom was a character in his way. Ile Was a typical sailor, one of that class we rarely see now-a days. Steam has ruined the old profession. There is no romance in a tea kettle or in an iron pot on the boil. "Well, skipper," growled Tom, for his voice was as the subdued roar of a coming storm, "what do you want with me!" "Perhaps, shipper," said Smythe, point ing to the table, "Toi would like to splice the main brace before barneying." "Right you are, Mr Smith," said Tom, as lie poured out a joram from a decanter, " a nip in weather like this never comes anmirs." "And in what weather does it, Tom !' Smythe asked with a. gleam of fun in his eye. "Don't know, sir. Never found it bilge in my life." "Listen, Tom," said Boyd. " Yotm weather eye is open, and you know as well as we do that we are in a corner.' "As nasty a hole as any one would want. Right you are, skipper." " We want to known from you if the men will stick to us if it comes to doiinright fightin--not a scrimmage, but tooth and nail, ding-dong battle." 'Tom turned the quid from one cheek tc the other with the greatest deliberation ir the world and said "Wioull cats sup milk?" lie winked gravely at the shipper and made to the door amid general laughter, the naptain calling cut to lim to send the men aft. In a few minutes some thirty young fello s in the perfection of :ge and strength were mlstred ont the main ideck witfh the two mates, Messrs Abel and Welch, at their lhead. There was a jaunty look about most of them tabt showed they were perfectly wellaware what was tie character of the community to which they were such nmar neighbours. Thlie men were dressed in a uniform very similar to that of tie v oyal Navy in ipattern, but of course thie material was Inuch warmer and more substantial. The unifornn. lhowver, displayed all tihe strength and aglity of as fine a ship's crew as ever sailed the sea. Boyd spoke to the men in a quoiet, conver sational maiier. "Boys," ti said, "we lhaven't seen the end of the scrinnmmage with that craft yet, It seems there are plenty more of tlhe -ame oort where it came from, and we are in for a yood rough andl tumble light." SIlurrah," shouted an enthusoiaot. S" Ifurroah he it," said ?oyml; "but si e tmay .et some nasty jals ourrelves. W"ill )ou iurrahl' for them ." " Well, they mayn't be quite so pileasant, :ut we hiope we can take as well as ,ive. li aou want to knowe it, skipper, we'll toil you et once we'li fight. W'e have ecrn "vell ;reanted on board this craft, andi sailor men inoew diot that means." "'liere is another thing I want to say," said IBoyd. " You know what sort of :onmpany we have upyonder. \Vhat I want you to do is to treat thtose ladies withl respect. Youes were selected as men of charac. ter and respectability, and I want you to retain your reputation to the end." " You are right there, skipper," said the pokesrman, a fine strapping youlng fellow of the "gumsucker peruasion, and flore lthan sio feet high. "You are righlt tilere. skipper. Well be on our good behaviour, but of course if there are good things roul,; the foc'sie should i avle a lsareas caell as the cnddy." There wuas a general laugh at this, in w-fiich the "cuddy "joined. Watson, however, interposed andl said- "All we want, men, is this: that you act with these women as if they were respectable womeu in Melbourne or Sydney, protected by British laws. In fact they,arv and will be protected by British law, but I shoiili like to see them even more effectively protected by British chirvalry." "That's thie sort, Mr Watson," cried some of the men. "Leave it to us and you will make no mistake."' The skipper then asked a minute of their attention. " We are so completely isolated that the relations of oflicers and men are teune modified, and so I shall take you into my confidence as to what 1 mean to do. First of all Mr Abel will take a boat's crew and I sound carefully up to the pier. If there ii water enough for us tolie alongside our work will be nmuch easier, for I wanctO get a gur to that point. The first part o onur fightinm must be in the open sea, where we'll hae room to turn, but we donot know what mIa) occur, and we must be ready for every accident. Above all the entrance must bs defended to the last. Now, boays, you have everything in a nutshell, and just remembet that you are fighting, not only for your on lives, but for the finest and loveliest womer in the wchole world. Mr Abel, will yourtake the hoat antl try the depth of the watet "Aye, aye, sir." Anl as Mr Abel win, l all the rest on Fifty thlouand rounds of- IeeMfetfon l 'artriurges have been stolen from Houuislowv arracks, London, sotssd, in a state of sippijiisedetefitemerd the boat soon shot out from Aurora's quartec in her mission. ::fhe water was found to be of enormouso depth all over the little harbour. In fact it .ar evident that the bay was the deep crater of in extinct volcano. The men on boarde were in the meantime as, busy as bees repairing and shifting and polishing. The gentlemen aft themselves examined the Irmoory which they had laid in fortheir own ,rivate use, and that important duty was almost finished when the "randy" the men oing when hearing the anchor was heard 'Whiskey for my Johnny." The Aurora was warped to the pier cithout much trouble. There was a crowd ef women at the pier-head, but they regarded ,he proceedings with calm interest. The gun, .n old-fashioned twelve-pounder, was swung tp to the pier, and afteran hour'shard work ' it was got into position on the promontory. Everytling was done with a will, and no one could object to the natural vanity of the men, who did their very hest before the fair and interesting spectators. 0 The whole proceedings were watched with the greatest curiosity by the women. Thecy knew absolutely nothing of the rca, n for all the exertion, ilbut thy did not interfere or in any way interrupt the work. They simply looked on. By-and-by Luca udiClaudia, and L.c?lc joined the group of spectators, and the attraction proved too great for our friendls, who at once approached. They had not Co r considered the reason for the respect paid tc these ladies by their companions, but it was evident and sincere. Watson asked the ladies to o io ith him to thle one-gun battery, saving hle wouldl .lain to tllem wlhat had leece dolneC Ald with many significant grins from the tars and a few smiles from the ladies Nil remained, the half-dozen young peple hairet off in the most natural way imlaginablle and strolled along by the shlors of tile nlknllo sea and over the lava boullers of forlol tte" time. Murray, or rather lHorace, was rihtll. You can't drive nature out with a fork. 'lhe whole thing looked as natural there as it would at a garden party in St. John's \\\'oo1 0 or at an ".At Hlonle" in Sooth 00Yarr1: of Toorak. Perhaps we shall hear ih:reaftel wlhat tlhey talked about. Just now it wouk1 he unfair to intenrrupt. CIIHAPTER XI. " Would my friends wish to see for thefml' selves " Reyna Luciaci asked, and he hd the way through pleasant croves of myrtle .ne1 cedar which, interlacing their twlit;cl branchls, did not shade tie fertile Ilo;ml but formed a lluminous tracery agallet til lofty biackground- of tthe rhof. 1I he 'sis pregnant with its own lighlt sunllhsil spoi n all directions, ald thee were 1r no sha:de1 east even by the routnd bles of the stat-l) trees. Andi yet the trees had l ot tle s i ltxuriance of growth as in their nat:ural so0 and climate; art coulli do mluch, let not everything. .Tllhey had perlhaps a, ,llrnii other qualities and characterites ill their new ihabitat, but they had loSt that appear noce of superabundaent stre.llth and ctoIery. which are attributes of naturIe un1et1ra1iei. and indeed to 0some extent rnindelll (u11 friends of the miniaturi growth in ihcicle the Chinese take such pleasure, dwarlieg the giants of the forest into pign:itlS. To the Englishlmenl every thing was straolg with -an unusual strangenerss. They conld have lnderltood the vagaries of 'lhibetan Lamasary. or the ra10on d1etr1 of a ruin in the pathless forest of Central Africa, but here they had no prior expll,?ulence oil which to base a theory and theyl could only look on and wosnder, both of wlich they did to their heart's coritent. "' Here," said Lucia, halting before a huge archway, "here is thie entrance to the caverns from which our ancestors dug out the material witshwhich they built Feminter, and tht:.' are many0 strange stories told of these gloomy catacombs. Our ancestors had a wonderful veneration for ohl fome." "oAnd do not their fair descendants share .a the veneration ." Watson asked. " Even ae whose anccstors were painted savages w11he1n ome was the proud mistress of tice world, even we have a sort of reflected glory in her glory, and hlow much more you--" "Of counre we do," Lucia answered. "Glory in a race or even in a family is always an incentive to great things, butI-" "I vote," Smythe interrupted, " that we explore these old caverns." "It is for that reason," Luc;a answered, that I have brought yoll here. Illdeed,' sllo added, smiling at \\\'Watson with her glorious eyes, "it was Canide who sulrgested it to me to bring you hither; for w cat r:esonn.I lo not know. bift Canide never acts without 1reason." " Oh then," said Watson, "we must go at ance." "Stayl," said Lucia "these catacombs cre different from what swe have up here. It is all darkness there-thick darkness-so thick that it hbecomes allost palpallp. Canide alonb knows all their intriacies and crindings but I have been-iana little a- Jnly a little way indeed-and I think I can guide you. The horror of heing lost in those awful realms of blackness is dreadful to pause upon, and yet there is atradition that when the old siate of afllairs was broken scores of women were driveti do-wi and left to perish." SI remember being lost for a wlile in ilhe Romnan cataecolmbs," ,aid:, Mlurry,oi" rid eon't want to "renew the experienec in Fenminter, I assure you." "You need not fear being lost,"..L.cia said. "Canide knorws eerytlhmg. And now let each take one of these little lamps. Press the little knob firmlycrhen you want more light." . , , , Site drew from her roe three lam s shaped lilc .thcosffound, in ietrscan tonhls which the spade of tile. peasant lhas lnwittillfl vi latcd, but the jet of flamse swoich rase clear and brilliant from the little spont was suloplicd by no oil.' It rose pure and steady a ow ilnches alove tilhe orifice like'an emanation from somet litin; splirit conlined 1ithin the narrow limits of tihe Innm. These she halled to Watson, who supplied his Iriends. \- 'To ne roTi.toerl 2 : 