WESTRALIA. Kalgoorlie, September 21. We read in the Good Book—those of us who ever read it—that in days of yore the cities of the plain ' were, on account of their wickedness, destroyed by fire, and Lot's wife, who turned round to see the conflagration, was changed into a pillar of salt. The cities of these fields are also the cities of the .plains, and they are about as wicked, though not in " the same wayas were Sodom and Gomorrah, and it seems they are likely to be similarly effaced. Coolgardie has several bare and blackened patches in its main streets, where thriving businesses flourished a ' a couple of years ago. The forked tongue of the firefiend has licked bare places off the face of Kalgoorlie. And on Sunday night, when the good were repenting of their sins in the churches, and the unregenerated playing mild games in the schools—we cannot play up to big figures in" these days—the fiend got his forked tongue out again, and licked a section of Boulder city out of existence, just like a boy licks a caricature of the schoolmaster off his slate when he notices the stern " guide, philosopher, and friend of youth approaching with lightning in his eye, and two feet six of cane in his hand. The fire started at 9 o'clock in the Australia bar. By 10 there was no fire, also' no hotel, and nothing of various establishments on the block. No insurance worth speaking of. It is cheaper to take the chances and build a new house than pay the awful charges of the insurance companies ; which, however, when it is remembered that most of the houses are of hessian aud iron lined with linoleum and pine, are not so very excessive. When a fire starts here it may be stopped within a few minutes, but it is not likely to be beaten until there is nothing left upon which the flames can feed. There are some of the toughest citizens in Australia on these fields, and if a man dies suddenly here of heart disease or any similar affection, the police usually ignore the medical certificate, and have a careful examination made of the remains, with a view , to satisfying themselves that his demise was not accelerated by a knock on the head. At Kalgoorlie there are thieves so expert that good citizens take the glasses out of their spectacles when they go shopping on Saturday night, for fear they will be stolen. And it is related of one man who had two new teeth mounted in gold, inserted when he was last East, carries them in his pocket when he is not eating, for the same reason. And not without reason, as is here . shown. One of the burnt-out citizens had time only to save his till. He rushed into the flames, grabbed his money-box, and got out just before the roof came in. He stuffed the necessary evil in his pocket, and when the fire had finished, lay down in the first likely place he could find in which to coil—his bed being burned —and went to sleep. When he got up, his savings were gone. He had been seen to put the parcel in his pocket, and tracked carefully until the opportunity presented itself for it to change ownership. Earlier in the day a Coolgardie man had been picked up on the railway line with his head smashed and pieces of his skull mixed with his brain, which was showing. Knocked down by a train, you will naturally say. Not so ! The man had been knoeked down with a club, or a hammer, and robbed. Then, fearing they had killed him, his assailant dropped him on to the line, and left him on the rails. Here he was discovered by the wife of an engine-driver and rescued, but his dying depositions, after the operation of trephining had been successfully performed, were taken. This is a strange country. One night, a year or two ago, a man was found dead within a few yards of a main thoroughfare in one of the towns. Heart disease, of course ! But there are a few who could tell a story of a card party and a disagreement, and a half-intoxicated man leaving a room with a good deal of money on him. Another of the party left a few moments later. Two went forth and one returned. The other died of heart disease. There was no money found on the body. Two years ago a man lost a valuable watch in a few minutes interval in a leading hotel. Last week he met a well known sport. They adjourned to have a drink, and in the course of conversation the w.k.s. took out his clock to take note of time. " My watch," remarked the citizen, acting on information received. "Eh! What? I " "AH right. Hand it over. I saw yesterday. You've had a bit of a row, haven't you ? What about a little bottle at yours. Fair thing, eh?" And so it was. Yet these men would not hesitate to fight if their honesty were so much as breathed upon with a bad breath. There are many men on the fields who are dead square, and pure white from the ground up, whose clean souls will go straight to where they belong in the future. There are hundreds of "white men," thousands who are fair everyday human cattle, not thoroughbreds perhaps, but good enough company; and there are some of the d dest, meanest, lowest, and most blackguardly scum of the Eastern byways and backstreets who ever breathed God's air outside gaol. We are a mixed community. The women are as much mixed as the men, and there are women in "society" here, who would scarcely be tolerated in the upper circles in England—where I am credibly informed there is more that is off color, from a missionary point of view, than can be seen in a night's " jig" in the slums of a great city. A society ball on the fields is an event on which much might be written which would not be read in a christian house. Of course, you will understand there is society and society here as elsewhere, but there is no such society as that of the West Australian goldfields anywhere else in Australia. The women are reisourceful. When was the sex otherwise ? The men—Well, who would .keep a cow when he can get condensed milk? Some of these days I will post to. you my diary of events and circumstances connected therewith. It would provide you with interesting reading, and furnish food tor thought. Also, I will write up much whereof I know, after I have decided not to return to this fair land of unfilled promise, which runs more irregularly to the acre than the east does to the square mile. A very devout pillar of one of the churches has an equally devout wife in Coolgardie. He has another and former relative of the same value in another colony, and when I knew him in South Africa six years or so ago, we had a serious disagreement when I ventured to remark on his offering to introduce me to his wife that I had met the lady. He introduced us later. She was a neat little woman of two or three and twenty. The other was a tall well- preserved lady of another decade. » . Do you believe in luck ? There are many people in this country who do not. Yet, 122 applications were made for 12 timber lots thrown open for selection in the Bridgetown district. Each of these lots contains seven square miles of timber, which is rented at £20 per square mile per year, and the erection of a saw mill ensures the renewal of the lease till the forest is as bare as a bald man's head. You will note there were 12 lots and 122 applications. A ballot was taken, and Mr. Doherty, M.P., of Connor & Doherty, who applied for nine lots drew nine winning numbers, which secured for him 40,320 acres, and, with concessions granted him later, now occupies the position of leaseholder of one of the largest and most valuable timber areas in Australia. The odds were 10 to 1 against his getting one lot, and any price to a passion fruit-seed against his getting a treble. But he draws the lot, the whole nine, and he will die a millionaire, if he does not die before he makes his money, just as sure as Charles Cameron Kingston is more than 18 inches high, and over seven years of age. Luck ? Great Caesar's ghost. I would sooner have his luck than a signed and sealed license to rob banks. I wonder what he fancies for the two Cups. Apropos of the Piesse-George trouble : There was no fight. George wanted to make a scene, but Mr. Piesse, having a proper regard for his position, and a fitting consideration for his chief, was not a party to anything of the kind, and left the precincts of the halls of dazzling legislative light. Mr. George was wrathy riled. He gave a loose rein to the passion into which he had worked himself, and my gossip in Perth tells mc fairly foamed at the mouth as he spluttered out his opinion of his fancied traducer. Some alleged incidents of the scene were published, but this has not been. Hearing there was trouble brewing, Sir John went into the refreshment-room, where he was at once approached by Mr. Gorge, who bellowed " Look here ! I've been insulted by that blanky colleague of yours, the " " Sirr-r," thundered Sir John in much the tone ol voice* that McAdoo uses when he suggests to " Brother Michael to hand him down that robe " Then he made a few remarks, which appeared to fill the bill and stick out all round the margin. Did you know that Sir John Forrest is essentially a good man? Of course every one knows his life is absolutely clean, but he is a man of deep-seated religious convictions, and lives right up to them ; and, whenyou come to think of his experiences, it is not to be wondered at that it is so. In his pre-politican days, when he explored the country, he had ample opportunity to satisfy himself of the truth or otherwise of many things about which the majority of men living less risky lives are neither careful or troubled. Through all his writings on his exploratory work is breathed a strong convincing religious fervor, which lacks even the suspicion of the caut of the time-server, or the oily smoothness of the man who follows religion because it pays. From what I can gather of the interview in the refreshment-room, he straightened all the creases out of Mr. George in a few seconds, and left him feeling smaller and limper, and generally meaner and more pitiful than he had felt since last his respected father persuaded him with a saddle-strap that the way even of the juvenile transgressor is hard. One of the papers says he talked fight to the Premier. I do not believe this—George is neither a bully nor a fool. From Kalgoorlie, September 28th: Politics have given us a good deal of cause to be anxious during the week. Not altogether local politics, though the shelving of the Goldmines Bill, and the passing finally of the last act in connection with the water scheme have been important movements. The water scheme was bound to go through, since the work has been commenced and the contracts for the pipes completed, so only general interest was taken in the debate. But with the mining legislation it is different. We find ourselves at almost the end of the session in just the same position we were at the beginning. The much talked of amendment of the Mining Act is still much—if not more—talked of. And we are waiting to see what to- morrow will bring forth. To-morrow the Minister will set out the proposed amendments to make the Act of 1895 suitable to present necessities, and will also introduce the Mining on Private Property Bill, which is to settle the dual titles difficulty. If this'could be disposed of, and a final and satisfactory decision as to what is alluvial arrived at, we would be in a fair way of living' in peace together for at least a season. And the lamb of capital and the lion of labor would probably lie in harmony together—each on the outside of the other. For the past month or so Coolgardie Miner has been reprinting the Economist man's letters about the fields. They are generally of the slating variety, and some interest in the work has been taken. Mr. Morgans, M.P., in Parliament described him as a young man who meant well, but lacked that intimacy with anything which is necessary to render one competent to criticise. A young man ? That settles it! With this datum point, we can draw his likeness. Of course, he is of the Johnnie species, with an eyeglass, and an indecent habit of rolling his " r's" when speakiug, * which compels him to say strange things. It may be that he is slightly idiotic, with a good knowledge of phonography; and if you want a champion blanky fool of a descriptive writer, pick out the man who knows nothing about journalism, except the mechanical work of writing shorthand. He writes by sound, but there is rarely anything sound or sensible in his writing. Newspaper men have told me this, and I would always believe a newspaper man if I knew he was telling the truth. Morgans, who is credited by the English papers every week with having refused a seat in. the Cabinet, and with intending to resign— neither'having the slightest foundation—said he met the young man, and talked with him, and probably gave him some good and valuable information—for he is- one of ; the best and most reliable authorities in Australia on- mining—instead of which the Johnnie wrote the most awful slush which ever appeared, and some stuff which, in my inexperience, I regard a wilful and malicious libel. " I gave him all the information in my power," feaid Mr. Morgans. " Did you give him a cheque," queried an hon. member, and the answer being a decided negative, the hon. member gave vent to an eloquent grunt, and sat back with the air of a man who has solved the problem of how the chicken got into the shell. Meuzies paper just upends itself to respond to Douglas Macrae's criticisms of that centre, and the editor, dipping his pen in vinegar, writes down that all the critics who visit the fields come drunk, and stay drunk, and go away, and dream things which they write up when they are not employed knocking imagined frogs out of their boots, or trying to undo boa constrictors from about their emu-like necks. And this reminds me that a society correspondent, who edits the ball column of a contemporary, got his head jabbed into a rubbish box the other night for referring to the emu-like neck of a butcher's wife. The butcher waited on him, and asked what the several kinds of the gory (tophet was meant. It was explained that her gracefulness was indicated. " An emu has a long and graceful neck " commented the critic. '' Yes, so has a blanky horsestritch," replied the man of flesh, and he ran the critic out into the yard, and jabbed his head into the dirt box. " That'll teach you to keep my wife's name out of your carnation paper," he observed as he concluded the correction. " And you can keep my blanky name out too." And the apology of the writer was a genuine one, for keeping the butcher's name out meant the loss of three-inch standing advertisement. That is the place to hit an editor. Never mind asking for an apology. Write withdrawing your advertisement, and the apology will come like water from a milkman's can. Any man who threatens to withdraw his advertisement, if he doesn't actually do it, becomes more kinds of a valuable citizen in five minutes in the paper than he thought he was in all the days of his life. Macrae's criticisms of the fields were generally fair. He wrote well of the Boulder shows, but did not go into hysterics over them, and very much in the vein of Mr. Rutter Clarke, of your city, who recently visited the fields, and wrote his opinions in the very handy and valuable circular his firm sends out. He gave the reasons why the comparatively neglected smaller fields and Coolgardie, the mother field of all, should continue to improve and were bound to again command marked attention. Kalgoorlie is brisk and busy pretty well all the time, as is natural in view of the large sums which go into circulation in wages. But Coolgardie is the town, and will be a town when its golden days are done—which is not yet. The two most persecuted classes in Melb. at present are cyclists and street flower-sellers. 