^^^^^^^^^^'** ' ? PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT &. IFifjffera/d 7ttoftoyy ATlftor ?* 'An Exdlent Knare,' 'The LK. »nd Adventure, of P.g WoUngten,' 'How Cm* He Dead,' ' K Justified Sinner,' ' On Wheel, ef Fir*,' ?:'?; ..XhtMostGorgtouiLadrBloMington,' to., &c.; COPYRIGHT. ? js. , . ? CHAPTER VIII.— ( Continued.) 1 Did she anticipate news of his tlcath?' Rigel asked, striving to steadj ; ?.his voice that was surging with sup j pressed excitement. , y ? ' No, no ; only that, some trouble, : Borne accident, had happened ; then, 'poor child, she became delirious. 2^To Tronaer; in a lew monxns more sue ?Vfould have been his wife. He was fisperatclv fond of her, aud she of m. Eh'?1 :' ' Is she delirious still — I mean, is she fitter?1 Higcl asked, with some ?xidhxiety. Pegged mo not before she became quite ^delirious, and he gave her a sleeping {draught. ' I 'So that she is now uuconscious ?' & ' She was sleeping when I left.' ' That's a mercy,' Itigel muttered. t^ ' Yes ; for the doctor says some hours y of sound sleep may ward off the brain ., fever that threatens her. Eh ?' jfe ' Let us hope she will escape that.' Ip 'I always hope for the best and strive ' .'to be cheerful,' replied the major, ; pathetically. ' If only Philip had lived a few months longer. But I have never .Vbeen a lucky man, never. If you only VUriew, dear boy, I have had troubles I ^Sitter troubles, though T show a brave ? i. heart.' And he wiped away a few ?, wears that had dimmed his bright blue B Wcs .( ' 'As for myself,' remarked Kigel, ? _ gently, ' I had no idea I should miss Philip so much.' i ' ~We never know how much we care t ^r people until they have left us. Aud ? A can hardly realise* that he is not with 1C :'*;5ull. I fancy I ought to hear the ijuad of his footsteps coming from the iar study, the ring of his cheery voice s Weldoming me. A ml it seems hitter to \- think ' how readily he might have UuT1 f ?-?WTwrl t.hi« -iwii1/»nf T-Iuil 1... o/.rw. ar .^/ V tne other way, he w-AViVJ-'iow aC ^^^§;.-'SB.sL^-tiiPn aught to have s ?? ffifn how dangerous the Devil's Head ! ,.on a dark and frosty night, l'oor t ..Slip.' » ?:.,1v When I first saw the place T was ; j^tifuck by its sombre appearance, though I °t little thought at the time how soon it j'?ve6uld bo connected with a tragedy,' i4 y'VJS'ot the first of its kind that has ! ' ilipened thr-re oitlior,1 Major Claypolo rji^'etl. ' Three years si go ;i young ? riaiajncrd missod his footing late at i$j»nt, and was found with his neek proken at the foot of the precipice uext Fuorniug:.' /.' 'I hadn't hoard that.' / ' You must haw (he pathway fenced,' ptte major 'suggested. ' ' I shall stop all traffic across the head Is.- ml in future,' answered Kigul. / ' And t£6\v, dear boy, 1 must get back / to Oriana.* / '-SshallSe anxious to hear how she J is. .1 trust thure will be no fever; no cause tor anxiety. (?? 'I 'will tell her of your kind in juries. They will cheer her, and 1 shall come and see you soon again. Perhaps 1 csin be of 'some help to you duxing this trying time,' s;iid the major. as hp moved away with a pathetic absence of his usual brisk air. Two days later an inquest was held to inquire into the circumstances of .Sir Philip's death. Evidence of identifica tion being taken, Mark Fraser, an jmder gardener, was the first witness examined. 'Whilst on the way to the ^castle grounds, and at about seven in the morning, he had discovered Sir t Philip's body lying faro downwards at the foot of' the Devil's Head. The deceased was quite cold. 'Witness had run to the castle, the nearest residence, where lie gave the alarm, and obtained assistance in removing the bodv. ^ Doctor l-'inskung, who had been sent .for, then described the body as being :in a perfectly healthy condition. Death .had resulted from a wound two inches -ieep on the left temple through com ing in contact with a sharp stone. In His opinion life had been extinct several ^.purswheu the body was discovered. On being cross-examined, the doctor -\ecltired that such a wound as the temple showed was sufficient to cause instil ut death. The force with which a hody falling from a height of several hundred feet would strike a sharp im .?pedir:g stone would satisfactorily ?-??count for so severe a wound. There Wtrte no signs or marks of strain or ?nok'.-ice on the body, except scratches mi me xace and jianus, wnicn had ocen {?rod need by briars aud bushes. There v.-as no indication of violence haviug S-een used, or that the deceased had ioaie to his death by any other means than by accident. ,. , Jtigel next gave evidence as to the last- time when he had seen his cousin \idive. They had met in a corridor the Owning of Sir Philip's death, and r vfcehimged a few words before each ^?Hcnt to his own room. They had not MfuarreUed at any time, nor had a dis ??grefinent ever arisen between them. ? Ugel had dined alone that eveuing, ad at about ten o'clock had gone to .-.is bedroom. Next morning he had _tieen wakened from sleep to hear of his ? jusiu's death. The clear and willing I, iner in which he gave his evidence, I ' - '- filing and grave comportment, 0 . -«!.;- impressed the coroner and ifajor Claypole was next called, and siated that the deceased had dined at Coetmor Cottage on the evening of his dt-ath. They were alone on this occa sion, as Miss Claypole was ill. Sir Philip had seemed in his usual health he had shown no depression, but, on the contrary, had spoken cheerfully of future plans. He had left the cottage about eleven o'clock. Witness had not, again seen Sir Philip alive. When he dined at Coetmor Cottage it had been his custom on fine nighta to walk home ; the way he usually took being across the Devil's Head, ds that was the most direct and shortest. Witness considered that on frosty nights the path across the headland was decidedly dangerous. He did not know if this opinion was shared by the deceased. Witness had made a remark to Sir Philip about the darkness of the night, but the latter had replied that he knew every inch of the ground and that the moon would rise before twelve. In reply to a juryman the major said his daughter had been engaged to marry Sir Philip. The engagement had not been broken off; on the contrary the date of her marriage would have been fixed the evening the baronet dined with him had she been well enough to see her fiance. Ko misunderstanding or estrangement had ever arisen between witness and.the deceased. Glyndwyr had last seen his master alive as he stepped into the brougham that drove him to Coetmor Cottage. Sir Philip had been a considerate master, and never wished his servants to wait up for him. Ou returning late it had been his custom to enter by the portal in tlie western tower, or wuicn nc nan a latchkey. Witness had gone to bod before eleven, and oh his way had heard Mr. ltigel playing the fiddle in his room. It was witness who had woke Mr. Kigel next morniug to tell him of the tragedy. In answer to the foreman, Glyndwyr said he had never heard angry or un pleasant words pass between* Sir Philip and his cousin ; to his knowledge they had never quarrelled, hut had alwajv, appeared good friends. Sergeaii'o-7iowls, ^??-^^Vtffft-uoseUr^lihrmVu^fotnfnfjr man, stated that the body had been removed to the castle when he had seen it, a course that should not have been taken until the police had inspected the spot where it was found. He and his follow officers had immediately examined the place wl«(;re the deceased had met his ilcuth. The brushwood growing on the side ot the precipice showed the track taken by the body in its descent. At the bottom of the precipice he had found a sharp stone covered with blood, which he produced, whose point, the doctor subsequently affirmed, corresponded to the indcuturc m the left temple of the deceased. Sergeant Howes furthcrmoH* stated that the summit of the precipice showed no signs of where the deceased had slipped. As rain had begun to fall before the. examination took place, aud the frosty groiiud had thawed, it was impossible to lind traces of a struggle, if such hud taken place, in his opinion Sir Philip hud slipped on a Mnootli stone that lay embedded in the ground near the edge of the precipice, aiul_rose an inch above the earth, and in that way lost his footing. The hist witness called was George Koulsham, a gamekeeper, a browu I'aced, slightly- built young man with a iotik of strength in his dark eyes. For ?reueratioiis his neonle hail been fanniT.s on tin: Trega/.kes estate, until evil times falling on them they were no Innpei able to rent their lami, when this, the last, of theii line, had, iti pre ference to seeking his fortune abroad, taken service as a gamekeeper, that he might remaiu with his parents, whose support he became. George Foulshaiiv. stated'; that on the night Sir Philip met his death he (wit ness) was in the park. Whilst lie was sheltered by some trees about six hun dred yards from the Devil's Head, which then lay between him and the castle, he had heard a sharp and sudden cry that at first he had thought was a woman's voice. He waited to hear if it would be repeated, but no second cr}r was given. He then con cluded the sound had come from some frightened bird. He knew that birds built on the side of the precipice. Asked what he now believed, he hesi tated, then answered that the cry was so brief and sudden he could not say, hut he supposed it was a bird disturbed by Sir Philip's fall. He had gone forward towards the Devil's Head, but had heard nothing more during the night. He had men tioned having heard the sound to another gamekeeper before he was aware of Sir Philip's death. Questions and examina tions failing to gain anything more from him, it merely remained for the coroner to sum up. This he did briefly and clearly, pointing out the absence of all evidence to prove that the deceased had come by his death through the instru mentality of another or others, or by_ any means save that of accident ; and in agreement with this view the jury with out hesitation, returned a verdict of accidental death. And so it happened that within a week from the day on which Sir Philip Tregazkes had hoped to have the date of his marriage fixed, his mortal remains were laid with the ashes of his ancestors in the dark vaults of Cymner Abbey. Late in the night of the day on which this event took place, Rigel sat alone in_ the library. He had occupied the same chair since dinner time, neither attempting to read nor to write, indeed scarcely stirring, his mind occupied by one dominant thought that shut out all others. -v- - - . . _, -. The chilliness of the room, in which the fire had long died out, at last i oused him, when he rose and walked backwards and forwards, striving to rid himself of the idea that gripped him. By degrees the library seemed to become a prison from which he sought to escape, forget-, ting that it was his own thoughts from which he strove to break away. In the hope of temporarily ridding himself of his burden, he left the room, and following a long narrow -'passage, came to a little hall. Here he put on his coat and cap, and passing through the pbrtal of the western tower' came upon a broad plateau that flanked this side of the castle and led to the shrubr bery, covering a steep descent to the valley. The night was cold ; a pale, hazy sky, lighted by a late moon, hung over oh opal-tinted world—a world of profound silence and of perfect peace. Now aiid then a breeze stirred the dead leaves lying thick around his feet. In the near distance were the terraces, whose white statues peered like ghosts through the gloom ; below stretched the trees, withered and black aad stirred by every breath, like guilty souls tflat trembled with strange fears. Lighting a cigar, he moved slowly through this solitary melancholy scene, always haunted by his thoughts'. A movement to the right brought hini in front of two poplar trees, straight and black, streaking the face of the low lying moon. Instantly they recalled a certain memorable night, when he had waited in a garden near Florence whose black cypress trees had barred the yellow nioon. There was Warihth then in the air, and joy in his veins ; a languorous, delicious odour of orange and lemon groves, and sweet-scented herbs secreting themselves in the under wood, had stolen on and exalted his senses. Why not leave this place, with its oppressive associations, and return to the south, where life might be enjoyed to the full ? he asked himself. He looked up at the castle, with its darkened windows, its massive towers, its vast size exaggerated in the gloom, its shadow stretching around and beyond him. The y-lace held him in its darkness. As hn looked, the dock struck midnight, ana a shudder. passed through him, for tlis. boll of the clock was the same that had tolled the passing knell for his uncle and his cousin, and its slow tones seemed funereal. He moved hurriedly away, when a sound as of following footsteps fell lipon his ear. j He turned, but saw nothing save a withered leaf blown by the wind, tlioh walked on once more, only to hear the same sound repeated. Again he paused and listened, breathlessly, some seiise j of terror creeping over and cowering j him. As he did, the steps sounded ? more distinctly ; the branches ,of *}«? ,'? shrubbery in 'front were parted and a ' man's figure appeared, hesitated, and I then advanced to where Sir Rigel stood i in breathless surprise. Before lie came quite close, Kigel recognised George Koulsham, the gamekeeper, who had given evidence at the inquiry. Kigel stared at him in silence. roulshain touched his fur cap, and looking fixedly at his master's face,' that in the moonlight seemed white and im movable as marble, said, 1 Heg pardon, Sir Kigel.' ' 1 Ah, Foulsham, you are looking after j the poachers. Have the rascals been j troublesome of late?' ltigel said, i striving to conceal the dismay he felt at : the undesired appearance of this witness ? at the inquest. '? j 1 It's not that, Sir Kigel,' the game- j keeper replied, a little awkwardly, as he fixe t his eyes upoa his master's face. 'i\o?' ' I have hern waiting for a chance of : speaking to you for some days ; and j when in the shubbexy 1 heard someone J moving about I thought it was likely to be you, so I came up. Hope you'll excuse mo, Sir Rigel.1 . \- The bewilderment and suspense Kigel had felt at first sight of the man deepened at his words. ' You want to spunk to me ? ' he remarked, by way of saying something, whilst he strove to control himself. ' If Vim iili'ase. Sir l{i«r-»l ' rmVIIprl Foulsham, in a grave voice. ' What is it? ' ltigel jerked out as he j came closer to him. - j The gamekeeper hesitated in his answer, whilst his embarrassment in creased. - ' Tell nie— tell me,' - said Rigel, eagerly. :: ? f ^Foulsham looked over his shoulder towards the shrubberies and around him, where the black shadows of the castle walls fell upon the terraces, before replying. ' If you please, Sir Kigel, I would rather talk to you where there's no chance of what I say being overheard.' f TO BK 00STINUKD.1 DH— 7 