Short Story. The Spawn of Fortune. (Concluded.) TJie stranger had started 1o his fool, lite eyes grrewt and full of lire. 'his hands clluehed above (bis head. Whirl iug round and lacing Arthur Brackcubtidge he demanded : ' Wli.v would you kill yourself ?' ' 1 have lost nvy forluue, ond ? ' ' WJimt is that ? You talk of cowards! I thought you valiau't, you thought vounself «- ! Bali ! why waste good ])o\vder and ball. You fear to live be cause, pentanoe, your circumstances may uot lie quite so pleasant as for merly. Soi-aid coward.' ' It's not altogether a matter of money,' faltered the youug num. The stranger kept .bis eyes fixed upon him. ' There's a warrant — ' ' Then you are a criminal ?' ' No, 1 am not' ' Wliy the warrant ?' ' My jwrtaer Qias landed us both Id fraudulent bankruptcy ? ' B ?' Are you Innocent?' ' Absolutely.' ' And you fear ?' ' Well, there Is as much ehnnie as fear ? ' ' You are vain .as well as a cow.inl.' 'To be the principal in a criminal trial is no pleasant experience ; at least. i-o 1 goflher from the newspapers.' The heavy man sat down again aud trazod at Brackeubridge eouteinplu wusly. ' Young iuiau, wlhai a craven you .'would bare me 'believe you. Your (cowardice 5s so great thnt you are will ing to staui» yourself guilty by tself ?jnurdcr rather than face your ueeuteers and ooufounQ them. -)u my soul I tnu yourself, il should 'have thought you would-hsive implored some one to ?coine 'with yon while you took Hie leap In the dark. Why were you Riven younh, tstn- ngVli. 'health, good strong arms and isuiind Iheart If tliey were uol intended tfti overcome obstacles V Tliiuk ! would ?jt not 'be greater far 'tu step out before ihe world aud say.'Here aui 1, au tioucst :m.in ; where are my accusers V rather Shan to 1 on the floor-of a railway car riage wim a wreath of powder- smoke for a crown ?' ' Yes; but you see, my dear sir, to-day :lhere has Imfii a focussing of all that is iimrortuua'te for me. My whole fortune 'in gone ; the fact ii'liai it has been lost ^causes Qie police to ' want' me, aud the 'fact that the police ? want' me has lost uue — well ? ' ' Out witti rt ! Lost, you what V' Arthur Brackcnl-rldge did not intend iro say unore, but the stranger's euni 'inandlug gaze and taiperairi've question Seft him powerless to resist. At every' station (be prayed that some one would -uter the compartment, tout the Uudei ground is a contrary (Hue. No one dis-' Turbed tJuem. ' What else itave you lost?' demanded The 'heavy man ?' ' Well, to ' out with If as you a«k— the girl to whom II am .-ugaged— or ;-was.' The etranger throw back liis head sand burst Into a flwd of laughter Wherelu itUiere wfls uo ghost of a 'trace wf ?mirth, nrackenbrjilgi' felt indignant sit tihe sarcastic levity of his new found eoiii'batjint. lint said nothing. 'Glri,': -I'lie heavy niau shouted. *' Fine girl, liiideni, i1i:w will break her promise because you've lost a pound. She gave you lier word and now tells ?v«n to your face 'Ihait ^he svUl not Ueep 'it.' ' .Slie has not. I tell you she— ehe ? ' 'But you have just, tfbis minute said 'she lold you to go about your busi ness ? ' ' I said nothing of tine sort.' 'Then how know you that you have lost lier V Brackeutn-idge was silent. ' Let us be honest oue to the other. Answer one : Hotv knew you ?' 'Her guardian, her .aunt, told one.' 'Aly young frieud, take the advice of one who 'has seen, experienced, learned. Have no dealings with a woman through a woman— never. Give me that pocket' . . ? The revolver was weakly passed over. ' Now we are coming to Earl's Courl Sratiou. Get out ; be a man ; walk up to libe first policeman you meet— or, bet ter still, hail a hansom, aud tell cabby to drive to -tbe nearest police (Station. Say to the inspector, ' I hear there 'is a warrant out ror me. I have uoine to g'ive myself up, if you want me.* ' ' By George ! -I don't like to do it, you know— I swear 1 don't ; but I sup pose your advice is good. I must say I do not fancy passing through the ma chinery of Justice— the stinking police cells and uiayflie the stinking Old Bailey and the stinking Holloway as well. Don'tJSte ttie i«dea, I say.' 'Nonsense'.' I liave 'Oittle doubt that youil-.flnd the plank bed in fhe cells more entertaining at least t'liau the stone slab of fhe morgue/' ''Don't speak of it, sir— not another word. I 'hadn'l .thought of that, 'poll my soul— I hadn't. You make my flesh creep.' The stranger grinned for the first time. Arthur Brackenbridge reached for Ms hat, and reluctantly left fhe carriage. lie stood for a moment, his back to the compartment and .bis ihand still- on thedooB. Turning, he said :. ' Yes, you're right 111 do -It ; I'M give myself up and see what becomes of me. My name is iBtackertbridge ; you will, without a doubt, see it appear urieu uuuugn uii me uenaijujiei-a uuiiug the next wonrh or so. But, whatever becomes of me, you, sir, huve saved my life. Whether you liave done me a good turn or an cvM one has yel to be seen ; but to-nlgJrt, at least, I am j^ratoful, very grateful. That slab keeps recur ring to. my mind, you know, and— well, goou-bye, any friend,. and God bless you, sir^ God (bless you !' .The two' juen clas])ed .hands, gazing Juito one' anotlier's face eai'nestly and long. The train started with Ha usual wracking Jerk. . . ' Tne heavy tiftn eat huddled in the corner, Ms brows contracted, arms fold od, ,and his eyes fix-ed on his dancing foot/ The train aTrived atnufl departed from : West ' iSenslngtoh Station. He slipped 'bis hand Into his breast pocket, 2nd islojtfy drew forHi'kthc revolver. The muzzle smelt blood ; it looked blood. Without one glance at t)he weapon, but 'handling it as a usurer Dandles a gold ornaiment, be muttered : ?-?.'.? : ''Taken oiio ' Mfe, saved one ? life. f Surely the one should toatence Oie other. / Bui lie eays 'No, not one life, but two Ku , .sou liave taken— two ! two! your vlc ©'**£?? fitats «ud your own.' I believe he Is as WS' #Sut ln mi' cftee ** l was ln J-l6' flnd the balance Is against me, against one— hopelessly ngtaiusl me ; agaiiiNl me now and for all eternity. He said to jdc, ' (rod 1)let» you, sir !' 1 think thai is of good omen. He 'is flic lust I Khali meet ou tlU'is earth, aud 'he suld 'CJod bless you, «ir !' ' . ViTMi his thumb Oie ?drew back the liuTiwnorof the weapon unill It 'clicked' twice. '?1 may as well etfd my flight by in stauluucously putting myself out of reach of my pursuers ; and It is better that 1 do it wlthnhe youug man's woivls ringing tn my ears. He was flylug lo his; death; 1 from .mine. He found life; I Uud ? ' At Hauiimcrsmlth Station the travel lers by Hie train gathered round flic poiuparlluient, to stand tilp-toe and peer luto K while tihe guards were lifting Hie corj)se up from Ms sorrowful --nl- lup.se ; ami next morning's pa|iei-s con tained Hie news of fUe suicide of the Gray's Inn amnvlerer and die arrest of Arthur Braekeubridge.— ' The Lud cate.' 