COMPLETE STORY. [PUBLISHED BT BPECLLL AJlkA^aKHENT.] THE TYPEWRITER,! PERCY WHITE. [corypJonT.'l \- CHAPTER !. career insurance clerk, j when, death uncle, he sue- | cceded to' modest' fortune and a pleasant villa.- residence in the Lavender inroad, Brixton. Haying thus become his on master,' he ei listed in •' the I great!. army of search of a pnblfshcr. ." A' small man with a-bold forehead, and a weak beard, Mr. JBudd wore, by preference, a kill white bat of a peculiar make; because,it identified him with an air of distinction. . Otherwise he bore no marks of professional • rccentricity, save that he believed in his own genius, which is the badge o: all Mr. Bndd's literary tribe. ' s . • • But iu course of time the unpublished author grew, weary of the monotonous labour of producing manuscript, and sought un amanuensis. ( bunco and proximity sent him Miss Clara . Bell, thau whom it were difficult to imagibc a .more charming typewriter or a more sympathetic assistant. Till the .age of forty Pelir Budd" had decided that he .was intended for u studious and cultured bachelor. He would have! ' chosen the muse of fiction as his bride, had the Greeks .invented this inucli-needcd literary deity. In this deficiency Mr. Budd, following the usual unconscious" process, fell, . uilmly and. reasonably enough it must be admitted, in love with his typewriter, and the hours, from ten to one, which sho spent'iive times a week in his study, became the must agreeable of his life. •But a certain-sky reticence kept Mr. Budd silent, arid had it not been for a s.mcwhut humiliating misunderstanding the retiring . author might never iiave declared on aifcotion for 'which perhaps he found consolation in .the sentimental nature of his romantic productions. ; Yor some time Mr." Budd and Miss Clara Bell continued happy in theiy literary pursuits. " But the world,7' as Meplilsto pheles says in the Lyceum version, " is so censorious," and the ' tongue of scandal touched them. It commenced thus. The novel had reached a critical point. Miss . Bell was seated before the machine which gave permanence to the romancer's fancies; whilst her employer, in, the throes . of dictation, marched restlessly up and down his sttady seeking the felicitous phrase. Heedless of all risks,' he dictated, in a voice full of emotion. 'Ronald entered the :: garden. It was the thrilling moment when . the nightingale woos the evening star, .arid .themusk rose breathes out its soul on the . fragrant gloom.'" The typewriter sighed at the picture. "'He stood,' continued the n velist, ♦beneath the shadow of the cedar tree, and listened. The world seemed plunged in ineffable peace. The hoofs of his pursuers had faded far into the distance.' " "You. did not say they were riding," observed the typewriter; timidly. I thought* I might .leave that'to the . imagination.' . Tho pursuers are obviously Roundhead cavalry. Hence the'fading hoofs.' Of course hoofs don't fade, but then the exigencies of poetical prose, in such u case, invite the.use of tho metaphor." ."Undoubtedly," said tho typewriter, " and the picture it conveys is full of charm." Mr. Felix Budd complacently resumed. "'Then as Ronald listened'—niter Ronald' to ' he,' please, if the hero's namo occur in the paragraph—*a graceful figure .robbed in white stole, liko a warm- blooded ghost, across the fragrant garden. Tho nightingale sang sweetly to his mate, the orb : of love palpitated in tho tender sky, and his' ~or 'Ronald's,' as thocaso may be—'heart ' swung like a pcndulons emotion balanced in a dauntless breast.' " "'My love !" she criod, seeing his war worn figure beneath the shadow of the funereal tree. "Sylvia, my beloved!" ho exclaimed. "Aud how do wo measure kisses ?"1" " I have no idea," said tho typewriter, blushing. " You understand," Mr. Budd explained. „ "' How do we measure-kisses ?' follows •beloved.'" "Oh,-1 beg your pardon." . • Click, click, click went the machine. '"-How do we measure kisses?' All right,. 1'vq got that." • But here tho author paused for n reply. " ' It isn't by time,' " he continued. " ' Is uot V " inquired his uumuueusis. ,, "Of conrae,.' Nor by number ; but by J passion's tumultuous arithmetic—passion's j tumultuous arithmetic *" I "'Tumultuous arithmetic' only once?" sho asked. •• • "Yes. But* it's**a strong phrase, 60 I inadvertently dwelt;opon it." ' (i Naturally,'f"saidvMiss /Bell;5 "What adthor^ronld not ?" . : " ' * .' * And so wrapt'in .each, other's crmf,' resumed the author,' ' they stood" for a' bliss fuV.tranced moment uuder the murmuring hemlock-^I mean cypress—whilst the v.*est 1 wind, with odorous wine, sighed in the fore* i most boughs. Lovo permeated the atmos phero iikc a gas. Entranced they stood, I exchanging kisses balmier than April buds, | and Ronald heard the lips ho loved murmur ing words wild and sweet.'" " Wild and sweet," clicked tho machine, as it caught tbe'climax. " How beautiful and new,'' added the typewriter. - " ' i ."The phrase occurred: to me whilst dressing," explained Mr. Budd, modestly. " 'But an envious and malignant-eye had dogged-—'" - "Wouldn't ' followed' : bo. better?" interposed Miss Bell. . "No, Xprefer 'dogged,' it's more sugges tive and ominous. - '.His steps, and swift as the brindled lightning a tail dark figure stood before the lovers, who started apart. Before Ronald could lay his ■ hand ou his sword the dagger descended— ; But the typewriter could hear no more. "It's too terrible!" she exclaimed, "do stop." .• And Mr. Felix Budd, in doubt how to continue, obeyed, with the light of successful achievement in his eye. •• •• • • • • • ."Was it that awful, avenging friar?" she a°ked. 'f'-V.- V.. •• "Yes." - * "Poor Ronald! docs he die ?"* -" No, the wound need not be mortal." "In that case," she-said, "I'm. ready to go on." - But the novelist was not •. ? • "1 think wo might break off..there," he said. "The-moou is leaving me. • Besides, it is ten . minutes to one. You look perturbed,.Miss Bell. Let us go- round the garden. : The air will calm us both." And so they walked side by side round the garden, .picking flowers, heedless of the neighbours' envious eyes. 