THE LIGHT THAT CAST NO SHADOW. Curious atorien are told about the powers possessed by certain natives of India, who live up among the Himalaya mountains. These old men, it is said, have devoted scores of years to the study of natural laws and forces, which the rest of the world knows nothing about. Lately a German professor visited tlie "adepts,'.' as these queer Hindus are called, for the purpose of finding out the secret of their remarkable performances. They treated him rather scurvily, but interested him all the seme. One day the nrofeasor wanted to examine some ancieot Sanskrit manuscripts. An adept went with him to a cave wherein the books were kept. The place was dark as the bottom of a well. "I cant see to read, here," said the visitor. " Then we will have some iight," was the reply, and immediately (the professor says) a soft, pearly light brightened the cave. Ho could not tell whence it came, but he noticed that it had one strange quality — it cast not the slightest shadow. This_ a siory hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learn ing and high character, and you who now read it have no reason for doubt except that all the lights you have seen have cast shadows. Belief or unbelief commonly runs parallel with one's own experience. Dr. Johnson sniffed at the account of the Lisbon earthquake, yet credited the tale of the Cock Lane ghost A man who has been ill for years and failed to find a cure, in Qf,onH„ai ipton friends tell him of a medicine which they believe will make him well. What else but doubt could result from his experience? Take an example : — "Iu the spring of 1888," writes our correspondent, ' i fell into a low,' weak, and languid state. I felt low-spirited and out of sorts. At first my stomach was deranged, my appetite poor, and after eating I had pain and weight at the ehesi. I was much troubled with wind, and frequently spat up a sour fluid, also bitter bile. Later on I suffered from nervous ness and great depression of spirits. I kept up with my work, but had always a sense of discomfort. Off and on I continued in this way for two years, nothing that I took relieving me. At last I heard of Mother Seigel's Syrup, and procured a supply. After I had taken only a few doses I found relief ; my food digested, and gradually all nervousness left me. Although I had no reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine, never having used it or seen it used, I now gladly sdmit its value, and its power over disease. Since my recovery, for which I thank Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup, I have been in tho best of health' aud spirits. In the interests of suffering humanity 1 deem it a duty to send you' this testimony. (Signed) D. Griffiths, tailor and outfitter, 151, Hockley Hill, Birmingham, June 8tli, 1893." Tliere is a deal of difference between Mr. Griffith's candid letter aud the story about the light that cast no shadow. The latter may be true enough, but it cannot be verified without more trouble than it is worth. On the other hand we have a trustworthy witness, who will answer letters of iuquiry, and can be found at his address. Finally, there is nothing mystic or magical about Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. It acts on the theory that most ailments are but symptoms, forms, or phases of that universal disease — indiges tion and dyspepsia ; it cures that, "and throws the light of health and happiness over hearths and homes where illness and pain had cast such dark and terrifying shadows. Aud that iB why people believe all that is told of its success by eager witnesses. , , Oxley Shire Council. — The usual nieeting.of the above couucil was held on 'Tuesday, 28th inst. a full report appears in another column. The Modern - Book-lover. — The generous feeling that tlie reading of many books inspires in some minds was well illustrated; oil Wednesday night at the Yackandandah Public Library meeting, when a fairly well to do lady subscriber, who had been supplied with lier modest half yearly account of 5s., petitioned the committee to make a rebate of one month on the score that she had made but little use of tlie library during the time specified. The cool audacity of the re quest nearly startled the' committeemen out of their wits. . They suggested at. length all sorts of clever expedients for evading the ' necessity of making any reply, for fear of giving offence, but seeing there was no possible way of dodging the position with any show of decency, they instructed their secretary to acquaint tlie fair applicant that financial stress pre vented them complying with her request. Meanwhile an enquiry was instituted, when it was found that the subscriber had been credited with the loan of 14 books for the half-year, and that she was then in possession of 4. Thereupon a press man undertook to pay the fraction to put au end to the discussion, but his offer was courteously, and firmly declined. By the bye, what would Ruskin or Carlyle have said to a letter of this kind ? Serious. Road Accident. — On Satur-. day as Mr. J. Hicks, of tlie Advance Australia Hotel, Rutherglen, and Mr. W. J. Bailey, of Beechworth, were driving out to the Prentice Freehold iu Mr. Hicks' buggy, one of the wheels came off, and Mr. Hicks was precipitated on to the road. The horse became frightened and bolted, and Mr. Bailey was also thrown out, but pluckily stuck' to tlie reins and was dragged for some distance. Mr. Hicks escaped with a shaking, but Mr. Bailey had his elbow dislocated and badly bruised. After Mr. Bailey released his hold of tho reins the horse galloped into a fence and wrecked the buggy. Dr. Harris was sent for, and although at the time of his arrival the injured limb was greatly swollen, he succeeded in plac ing it in position and greatly eased the pain of the sufferer. Sunstroke at Yackandandah. — The intensely hot weather of the past week has been particularly trying at Yackan dandah, where many people continue more or less seriously indisposed in conse quence of it. The most serious case re ported is that of Mrs. Alty, of the Royal Hotel, who had the misfortune to he struck down by a stroke of heat apoplexy on Wednesday afternoon. Mrs. Alty, who sustained a similar attack last year at this season, happened to step outside the hotel without protecting her head, when she suddenly lost her strength, and fell powerless to the ground. Help was soon to hand, aud the unfortunate lady was carried into the house, and Dr. Mueller sent for. Though very badly affected the patient was quite conscious, and under the care of her physician is, according to latest reports, gradually recovering from the shock. Great care should be exercised by elderly and infirm people to avoid peedless exposure to the present exhaust ing heat of the sun's rays. 