ALONE AMONG THIEVES; (Att Rights Rgsbrvbd ) ' OR, THE PERILS OF A NIGHT. Y sl)0'8 'or jfy traveller ure N more iuterest- I inir or worthy j of beinp visited tlmo the New To those seek- ' ' injj health it affords an invigorating atmosphere, und to the lover of tho picturesque, tho finest scenery tliut cun be imugined. There is a huppy admixture of wild woodlund, lieatiin and wildernesses (where there is no truce | of mao) with Iriqhty cultivated and beauti- 'ful patches, forming the most delightful contraeta that can well be imagined. | It is many years ago now einco I was in the locality, utid the' adventures I there encountored I do not suppose I shull ever forget. I was young, thoughtless and wil ful, with a very fuir income und my profes sion, that of nn artist, followed more fur pleasure than profit, After wiinderirig about Hampshire for a fortnight or more, I loft Ringwoud with u determination to ponotrute into tlie wild districts. X wns seized witli a spirit of unrest nnd oould not bear to remain long in one place. X could not efface from my .memory one huppy morning on the sands ut Bournemouth, uud my meeting with u young gir), who, a book in hand, had, in answer to my query, " If X lind not seen her soma weeks previous, in London ? " with a Blight emilo, murmured, " Yes." Site was a pretty girl, with a wealth of dark brown hair,- that in the sunshine (for her hat lay ut her feet on the sands) shone with threads of gold. X had noticed with surprise that her bright blue eyes were ensb nervoutly ' uround, nnd -aa she in trembling accents bade trie le.tve, X had of course moved away ; but thougir wandering day after day to the sands, in hopes of again meet ing witli my divinity, X aaw her no more, ' nnd was now end, morose, and woebegone, travelling the country alona, for n London ucquuiiitunco who had been spending a few days witli me bud returned to town. Roving heedlessly on through tlio wildest woods tbut came in my way, 1 hud entered u glade or ravine, wlion tho distant rumb ling of thunder warned ine I ImC a storm was at hand. Tlio morning had been beautiful, and tho afternoon, although occasionally ovorcast, lind remained fine, but the woods now be coming very dark and u few raindrops nut- I tcring on the loaves caused me lo hurry on, 'My position now was not a pleasant one. ii wus in tho nridst of & dense forest, with out any guide, quite unncquuinted witli tire roud, and unaware if tlioro wus uny placo of shelter within mites of me. For some min utes after a second pea) of thunder had died uway there wus a perfect calm ; it was one of those pauses in u tempest which precede tiro grander conflict. Bub suddenly the silence that reigned nronnd me was broken ' by tlio barking of a dog. Cheered by tho wolconre sound I sped on with renewed vigour, and just ns the storm burst 'forth in full fury, I saw, in a hollow about a hun dred yards from ine, n solitary habitation i just peeping out from tiro foliage. X presently reached this, hut not before 1 was drenched to the skin, und finding the door on tiro latch X unhesitatingly pushed it open und found my»elf in n tolornbly largo unci romurkubiy clean apartment. Tire dog whose barking had uttractod my notice I discovered wus one of tiro inmates, far no euoner had X lifted tho lutclr than X heard a snappish bark, uccompunied by u voice, Drying, " Down Boler ! down sir," In tlie cliimnov corner beside a waning wood fire, X now beheld a bowed nnd crip- iplcrl old woman who sat slinking witli ipalsy, und who soomod to have been dozing or sleeping until my entrunco disturbed lior. " Who ure you ? Wliut do you want ? " she queried churlishly, " X am a stranger," I roplied. " Have lose my way in tho forest and am prepared, if you will permit mo, topuvforany little accommodation I mav receive." " Well, you may stop, thougli as a rule wo don't cure for visitors j this is not an Inn ! " mumbled the old crone, but despite lior surly and ungracious recoption, I pre ferred to remain under eliaiter than brave tlio etorm tlmt was roaiing and raging with out. 1 had hardly sank into aceub bofore, with an exclamation of bewildered surprise, I Blurted up again as my girl ot Mio sands ut liournemoutli, having descended flight of (lairs that led up lo a room overhead,, now glided into tlie apartment ; her hiueyes, distended wide, star d upon me wit), as much terror rlepicl ted upon her features m though I wero a ghost, " Until Kainsforlh ! This is a delightful surprise ! Bolieva ino, iiowcver, I had nu conception wlion seeking eliolter from the tempest, that I should behold you liore." With' a frown, und liar fingers to hor lius, the young girl, stepping forwurd and plac ing lior bund upon my arm, wub about to spook,' when tho door wub thrust violently open, a man appearing upon the threshold. Tlie stranger (tuning back as he caught sight of me, then addressed the' trembling girl, who, in answor to his enquiries, ex claimed : " Tills iB u gentleman wiio was caught in the storm," then, turning to me, udded, " Thisf is my brother." " They've met before, Dnti. Tho young spark recognised Ruth aa sho came down stairs. I'm not blind or deaf, though I'm old ! " said tho eurly old orone. "Is this so?- Do you know my sister, sir ? " said the man, in u ruthor, conciliating tone than otherwise, upon noting wliioh 1 ut onoo hastened to explain how 1 lind met Rnlli, first at Drury Lane Theatre, nnd than ugain a few weeks before on tlie sands nt Bournemouth. " Well, the world is large, but we do come across ono another strangely lit times, and ae you ure liore, my young friend, here you hucl host stop until tho murrow. There's nob another house ivitlHh throe \- miles, uud you'd novor. find your, way through the forest on a lino night, leave alone, duri|ig-. such storm tlml 's raging now. Ruth, go to., your chamber ; and you, young .'limit, draw nearer tho fire, and make youreelt at homo." The mini here, wiiii a smile,' ' bunded . me a' chair, and his sister having paused by tlie elaii'8, ho eturtod for wurd and;' rather to my 'surprise, and I must,- add disgust,: unceremoniously thrust . ber out of tbo upartmeut. Ji'ho brother woe In toll, powerfully-built man witli a dogged j but not unhandsome uouiitenuuco ; his agi J might havo bean about thirty, but in spite of the strong likenose to his pretty sister, for whom I had concoived eucli a penchant, thorn was something about him I didn't like. After a time he drew beside me up to tlie fire, and, a bottle of old French brandy boing producod, lie procoedod to mix some punch, which he offered to me, and of whioli I gladly partook. ' As I was fatigued with my day's exer tions, nfter having indulged in three or four glasefuls of punch, und u pipe, I inti mated my desire to retire, and my host, lighting u candle himself, led tho wuy to a small but comfortable room upstairs. TIiub, to my intense chagrin, I .saw no more of tho pretty Ruth, for whom tny passion was now intensified. Sitting up and listening to the howling storm, the shrieking of the wind through tlie brunolies of the trees, and every hotv and again a crashing peal of thunder, sleep far me was out of the quostion, and, as I sat there alone, I presently became nervous and uneasy, and wisiied myself, 1 knew not why, safe in thu apartment of a com modious and pooplcd < hostel instead of that tiny chutnber m the lone tonemen t, that I hud been informed by its iuhiibifiint was u good tliree - miles' from anyiother house. Repeatedly I asked myself -what whs the cause that led to the alarm expressed in tlio features of Ruth, and why had the'mun, licr brother so deierminntcly put her out of tlie room without allowing a wqyd to puss between ue. Thinking of ull'this, I miisb have been sitting up un hour or more when X was suddenly startled, ae X suw.the dour of a cupboard in tlie corner of the roam gradually gliding open as though presead outwards by someone within. The storm now quite ovor, a broud ray of moonlight throw a pale, silvery glate into tho upurtmont, aud as I, with a shud der, gazed at tho slowly opening door, to my horror the figure of a man appeared, gliding, as it ware, fruin the cupboard, but in reality tlie body bent suddenly forwurd, coming, in u moment, with u dull dab upon the floor. Face downwards tliore it lay without sign of life. By no ineune u coivurd, I yet felt vary like shrieking like any woman as j gazed in frenzied horror ut tlie motionless figure before ine ; tlion, recovering from tny startled surprise and tarror, X strode for wards, and bending down, witli a nervous push drove the body over on its side. As I had suspected there wes no lifo in tliut inanimate form, Tho moon glistening upon the livid features revealed all the iiorror of u death by strangulation ; the blue lips, the face blue): und empurpled, tlie tnnguo (liulf lolling out) bitten through, und tlio pro truding oyobulls witli their glassy, vacant orbs distended, gave a hideous, grotesque aspeot to tlie corpse, and, spollhound with horror, I had not hcurd the gentle opening of tlie door or a softfootfall behind mo, only startled to tlie consciousness tlmt I was no' longer ulono as n tiny hand was plucod upon arm. "My God I what led you to open that cupboard ? " gaspod my visitor, the pretty Ruth, iier own face now livid us tliut of the corpse. " I did not open tho liidiiig-phico of the dead. The door I fancy guve wuy us tlio body of tlmt poor murdered victim pressed against it I " I exolaimed, as 1 now, with a shudder draw back from tlie girl whom I hud so strangely dioovered wus associated with assassins, Evidonbly noting my action of sudden aversion, llio poor giri, tier oyes swimming in teurs, oxcluimed : " I understand, Mr. Morrison, you hold in horror now the girl whom you suppose to be tho sister of a murderer,, bub George Rainsforbli, though a reprobate, is no assassin. That poor creature there was a comrade who, locked up in u prison coll, committed suicide in preference to standing a chunoe of penal servitude. Tho corpeo wus brought here yesterday to be removed to London to- morrow for Christian burial, by an old widowed mother. X feared ynur discovery by some accident of tlie unburiad dead. You now know all. Como, it is a fine night, and I myself will conduct you safe through tlio forest." "Bub surely your brother——," I ex claimed. " Is away following up that pursuit— the crime against the laws — which lius led tlio unhupy man ae our feet to an early and suicide's grave. ICnow at ouce that my brother is a thiof. and poacher, lie pur posed, 'when he returned home with his vilo associates, to rob you. He locked mo in my room, but I am here to guido you honce." , Leaving the ghastly corpeo upon tho flour, Ruth' now, beokoning mo forth, mado her way, from the oliambor of death, uud, not being slow to follow, in another ten minutes X was out of tlio house, Not wll bout danger did we muku'our wuy through tlie fnrest. more tlmn once narrowly escaping the guug of pouchers that were prowling througn the woods ; und, indeed, hud it not been for my bravo conductress, I fear I should not liuvo got oil scuthless upon that night of peril, lb was early dawn when we reached u little village, and here, knocking up tlie host of a pretty rural roadside mt, I was able to procure a good breukfast, of which I stood much in need, the . horrors. of, the preceding night not having quite robbed me of a good appetite. At my earnest solicitation Ruth accom panied me lo Southampton, hnd-lliero dur ing the following day we were joined by her brother, who, thenceforth, "giving up Iiis evil ways und associates, a few months after our first meeting emigrated by my assis tance . to Now South Walos, joining out tlioro nn old friend of my- lute, father's, with whom he got on very /well, killing plenty of gamo on iiis own uc'ooiiht. ' Ruth did not leave England, but -changed hor name from Ruinsfurtli to Morrison. 