Notes and Comments. fBv C.S.I Anyone who hns studiod tho caroor of W. J. Lyuo is not likoly to bo surpriaod at his throw ing hiinsolf into tho arms of tho uuti-fodoral crowd. Of courso, Lyno'.s houost opposition to tho Constitution Bill should not bo quostionod, but whon tho circumstanced of tho caso aro takon into consideration, hia action goes to confirm tho ido.t ongondorod bv his nttitudo as a Protectionist. thut tho cardinal principle of his political creed is to bo ' again tho Govornmont' and that ho is an opportunist. Lyno has for somo timo lod tho Protectionists vory much as a, wheolbarrow loads a blind man — and tho simile applies to tho party as woll a to tho leador. It is not at all surpriHiug to find such a loader and such si party ranging thomsolvoa on tho sido of consorvatism and con tralisation and ospuuaing tho causo of tho tory traders and middlomou against thab of tho domoncratic producors whom thoy misrepresent. Thoso alleged Protectionists profess to bo afraid l,o trust tho smallor states with equal representa tion iu tho Sonato whilo Now South Wales and Victoria havo nn overwhelming majority in tho Lowor Houso, which has tho groator powor. Hut they aro willing to take tho risk ol sacrificing Protection, which would bo assured by Fodora tion. Our army has boon in camp rocontly. Tho site chooson for tho oncainpment this yoar was at Eookwood, known principally as to tho groat comotory of tho metropolis. Tho locale appoars to havo met with somo disapproval. As tho S. M. Herald sagoly remarks, association of ideas goes for a good deal, and the planting of tho ou campmont at Rookwood seomod to suggeet that tho army should bo buried. If those two rodoubtablo warriors, Major Jawbone Neild and Colonial Grocor Lassottor, were buriod, tho test of tho army may be allowed to remain above ground for a little whilo longer. As everybody knows, cometones are the abode of ghosts, and ono of these supernatural inhabit ants of Rookwood disorganised the artnv and nearly broke up tho encampment. A eentry who was stationed on outpost duty at night saw a ghost, He did not stop to ask the password or to ascertain if the apparation may not be a Russian spy or a Hindoo roost robber in disguise. He simply dropped his rifle -and broke even time in a sprint to the centre of the camp, whore he told the story of the ghostly invasion. The incident suggests a parody on some lines in ?' pinafore.' Oh ! ho himself has said it — And its greatly to his credit — That twas from an apparation that he ran, If it had been a Rooshan Or a Frenchman or a Prooshan — But the foe that did confront him Was ono that will might hunt him Twas from a ghost, a ghostly foe ho ran. 