HER ESCAPADES, ADVENTURES, AND BITTER SORROWS. By "WILLIAM BLACK. Author of "A Daughter of Heth," "A Princess of Tbule," "Madcap Violet," "In Far Lochabei^" "White Heather," "Stand Fast, Craig-Royston," "Highland Cousins," &c.;, &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the Author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XIH.—Playing ivith Fire. From the top of the Castle Hill at Invernish it is possible for one to discern—far away in the south, beyond the most distant undula tions of the ever-receding landscape—it is pos sible for one to discern the square towers and little corner turrets of_ Westminster Abbey. But then there are conditions; to behold that incorporeal vision one must have the pulsating blood of four-and-twenty and the imagination of a poet, and a brain all afire with wild schemes and dreams. Any ordinary mortal— not being a newly- emancipated draper's clerk, with vehement ambitions and wistful eyes— would on this particular morning have noticed nothing out of the common, except, perhaps, that the wide-stretching country looked un usually fresh and cheerful after the heavy rain of the night. For already, at this early hour, the skies had entirely cleared; the azure dome was without a speck of cloud; the trees were basking in the welcome warmth; and the blue river raced down between its vividly green banks, washing high along the grass because of the swollen current. But those twin towers, spectral and pale, that rose above the dim horizon—silvery-grey they were, and ethereal, and ghost-like—appearing far away behind the wooded uplands, and far away behind the films of ultramarine that spoke of the mountains ranged about Glen Urquhart and Balmacaan ; well, who but one of all the inhabitants of Invernish could summon up those phantasmal structures? And what lay between Archie Gilchrist and the famous shrine that seemed to stand at the very world's end ? Why, at the best and happiest, nothing less than tho des perate struggle of a lifetime, with all the chances of breakdown, and failure, and bitter renunciation. But then, if there were success? If one could add one's name to the proud roll of England's writers ? Other prizes might go to other men, and welcome; love, wealth, power, even the self-gratification of philanthropy—he coveted none of these; but to sleep through the cen turies with the mighty dead, surely that were no ignoble rest, and in the meantime no ignoble aim, though one's existence were burnt up by the flame of it. The foolish lad !—some one ought to have told him to go back to his galli pots—or at least to his gnm-pot and his pair of scissors, and his snipping of paragraphs. But these early morning rambles, when he seemed as it were to have all the universe to himself, were strange and solitary things; and .perhaps his head had been a little bit turned by his recent promotion ; and after a night of persis tent rain sometimes the air is • astonishingly pnre, so that quite impossibly distant objects may come within the sphere of one's sight. Westminster Abbey—for a recently-liberated draper's clerk? The madness of the desire was pathetic in its way. And this young man, with all his passionate hopes and bewildering aspirations, was very much alone. And the divine mystery and wonder of love —was that also to be renounced—to be cut out of the perfervid imaginings of a youth of four and-twenty ? Yes, that also. The imaginings of a youth of four-and-twenty are rapid and eager; he had already constructed for himself the tragedy of his life—in his outlook how could there be anght else'than tragedy? The 'belle dame sans merci' had smiled upon him to_his undoing; and she wa3 free to work her will with him; and he would not complain. He indulged in no illusions. He was not likely to go the poor old woman living up at Dingwall and say to her—' Mother, my'worldly wealth consists of thirty shillings a week and a cartload of' idle chimeras; never theless Miss Macdonald of Kinvaig has con sented to marry me; and don't yon think yon should be proud of such a daughter?' On the >other hand, when Miss . Macdonald, of Kinvaig, having amused herself for a while with this young newspaper man,, should send him to the rightabout, would, he howl and yage^ndtcallior.-revenge? No (rat-all. Thsro was no traceof that arch-ingrate, Claude Mel notte, in the nature of the Invernish youth. Why, he had already foreshadowed what was to happen to him and her in these hopeless cir cumstances; and the foreshadowing had naturally taken the shape of a bit of verse, for four-and-twenty likes to talk to itself in that way. He had even been at the trouble of dotting the final e's, so that when his pathetic piece should hereafter come to be published, the unihstructed might be guided into giving the proper pauses t to the familiar 1'rench line: LA BELLE DAME SANS MERCI. Through sunlight, rain, and shine, and snow, And ever so many a year ago, What was it that she did to me, La belli.1 dame sans merci? No harm I did to her: a kiss Or now or then were not amiss; But to stab deep—ah, that was she— La belle dame sans merci ? And she goes singing on her way: God send her may a happy day! 1'or heart-strings broken she must not-aee, La belle dame sans merci. All this was a very pretty fancy and could have done no harm to anyone concerned if it had Btopped with the writing of verses; but here, on Invernish Castle Hill, the hero of this undeveloped tragedy was engaged in asking himself at what hour that afternoon ib would be proper for him to call on the two ladies at Glengarya House, and lie was wondering whether he could_ induce Miss Macdonald to co-operate with him in a certain small literary project. He did not stay to reflect that there is such a, thing as playing with fire. Ib was about half-past 4 on this same day that Wild Eelin—who was not at all a " belle dame sans mercino, nor anything like that; Archie Gilchrist would have gob nearer' the mark if lie had recalled the Shepherd's rhyme about "My love she's but a lassie yet"— She's neither proud nor saucy yet, She's neither plump nor gaucy yet; But just a jinkin, lionnie, blinkiu, t Hilty skilly lassie yet. —well, Miss Eelin, finding herself alono in tbe house—for her mother had gone to pay a call, and most of the maids had been allowed a half-holiday so that they might attend certain Highland sports that were taking place in the neighborhood — Miss Eelin considering that she had worked long enough at the stitching of a blue-grey blouse that she was economically making for herself, thought she would get out of doors and have a little exercise. Just round the corner from her bower of honeysuckle and roses, and in the midst of a grove of tall beeches, there was hung a swing, and when she had comfortably seated herself she forthwith proceeded to kick herself into the air. Bub she was a skilful performer; it was no ordinary feat she was bent on, and terrestrial aid was soon dispensed, with as altogether too igno minious. What she had set her mind on was to touch with her toes a certain projecting branch of a lime tree opposite her; and this she aimed at by means of the well-known trick —that is> to say, on the backward rise she pulled herself up by the armB so that she was hardly seated at all, then when the chair came down"again she shot out her legs horizontally, with a final upward spring as if she would fling herself to the zenith. , "Ah, hut'I will!" she was saying with clenched teeth, as each time she went with a whizzing rush through the air, and ever and ever she was gaining a few inches, so that her up-thrown toes were getting nearer and nearer to the coveted branch. "Ah, but I will! Yes, if I break my back! I'll show Lily Neile what swinging is ! She has never been within three yards of that branch. Ah, you beast, I nearly had you that time—well, now, this time—this time " And again she went cleaving through the air, throwing herself up and out, as though she would pitch herself feet first into the Moray Eirth or on to the top of the North Pole. " You brute, I was within an inch of you that time ! But Pll do it—yes, I will— yes, I will!—If I break my back ! HI show Inly Neile what swinging is——" And then she laughed to herself, in trium phant exultation; for at last one foot just managed to touch the outermost twig; and she knew that Lily Neile might be challenged and defied a hundred times over; for that twig Lily Neile never would touch, no, not if she fractured her spine in the frantic en deavor. And still the young acrobat con tinued this hurtling of herself through the air, for the mere rush and exhilaration and im petus of the thing; and her garments were flying anyhow; and long ago her blue Tam o' Shanter had gone by the board, and her hair was * tossing free; and she cared for nothing in life at all save the stiff backward poise, and then the terrific downward plunge, and the breathless swoop upwards again to the green leaves and the sailing heavens. And sometimes she touched the twig, and some times she did not; she hardly cared; she knew that Lily Neile was defeated out and away for ever and ever ; and with no aim or object to distract her she could now abandon herself to this wild animal delight of poising herself and then hurling herself down and up again to the skies. 1 Which was all very well, but or a sudden black horror seized her; fordown there by the corner of tho house appeared a creature—a man creature—with a tall hat and a frock coat and kid gloves, and apparently he had been piloted on to the scene by the great big freckled, red-haired, blundering-headed Morag. How Eelin Macdonald managed to retain her position oh this little piece of timber it is im possible to say. If in her fright she had fallen she would; doubtless have broken her neck. As it was the worst that happened to her was that she nearly tore the soles off her shoes on the gravel in stopping herself, and then with such dignity as was left her, which was not very much,': and with blushing and confusion and nevertheless a kind of half-concealed giggling in the eyes, as of a schoolgirl caught, she went forward to receive her visitor. "What she thought of the blundering-headed Morag cannot be recorded in print. But her visitor was quite as confused as her self ; for although he had consulted a manual of etiquette as to the proper hour and the proper costume for an afternoon call,, that authoritative guide had not told him how to behave onffinding himself confronted by a y oung damsel shooting herself through the air like a meteor entaDgled in petticoats. And although she was very sauve, and gentle, and courteous, he could see that her eye3 were still occultly laughing; and ho wanted to explain that he had asked for her mamma, and that he had been brought^ round into the garden through no wish or intention of his own, but simply by his following the fatuity of the Highland maidservant; and he wished to apologise for his intrusion, and he did not know how to apologise, the predicament being so awkward; and the_ next thing was that he found himself seated in a garden chair in front of a little iron table and Miss Eelin Mac donald (still with her eyes self-conscious and darkly amused) was seated opposite to him, and she had sent the fatuous Morag for some tea, and she was listening gravely to the literary project upon which, to save himself from unendurable agony, he had at once entered. f And yet "he" was cunning. He begau by saying that he had observed again and again in the " White Cockade" papers the remarkable skill with which she could introduce an inci dent and make it effective; and he knew that he himself was helpless in that line; but perhaps with her kind direction—or co-opera tion, rather—the idea he had thought of might be carried out. "Ye3, and what iB it, Mr. Gilchrist ?' said she most sweetly; but all the same she was thinking back and_ inwardly praying and hoping that" her skirts had been conducting themselves in a decorous manner during her meteoric performances. " Yes, that's just it—I don't know where to start!'' said he; but in truth his main con cern at this moment was the tall, hat he wore. Why had not the manual of etiquette told him what to do with a hat in a garden ? It would seem absurd to take it off and put it on the grass; and yet, on the other hand, how could he sit covered in the presence of Miss Macdonald of Kinvaig ? "Yes, that's just it," he continued. " I cannot construct. I don't know where to begin and where to end. But I'm sure you could, Miss Macdonald; you would understand how to get the thing into shape ; that I am sure of." The literafy project did not seem to form itself somehow. Her eyes were such inexpres sibly beautiful things to look at; they were so deep and clear, and of such a wonderful dark sea-blue; and the black eyelashes gave them an indescribable pathos and an intensity of inte rest, and a kind of strange invitingsympathv; it was no marvel that a young man's thoughts became somewhat confused. Nevertheless, he had to make a plunge. "You take a doctor," said lie. "Yes?" said she—and those eyes of hers were so distracting that he knew if he failed to win encouragement from them the Devil's Kirn would that- (very night see an end to his sorrows. ; " Yes, you take a doctor," he went ore. But just at this moment she happened to put the tips of her fingers on the table; and the sight of them fascinated and dazzled him; for when had any mortal man beheld a hand so small and plump and white, with such exquisite filbert-shaped nails ? Tjhe daintiness of them —and of the little fringe^of lace at the edge of the blue-white cuff. " You take a doctor—in a large provincial town," he said, with a desperate resolution; "and he has a, very considerable practice; and all at once he; is accused of a felony, and un justly convicted and sentenced to penal servi tude " > " Oh, yesIf; said she—and she was following him now; she had begun to forgot about her flying skirts. I "Not only that, but when the doctor comes out his friends will not believe in his inno cence ; one and all they cut him; his patients decline his visits; in fact, society is at war with him. Very well. In his indignation and rage he resolves on revenge. "While he was in prison he made the acquaintance of a gang of burglars; and when they come out he goes and joins them. And then-you- see, Miss Mac donald " ""Yee3—ye&J;" ^ Just heavens, if only her eyes would leavo him alone for a moment! His intellect was clear enough—if only she would leave him alone 1 And the literary scheme was simple, too—but for this bewilderment that sent all his senses wool-gathering. "And then a most astonishing series of burglaries begins in this provincial town. Someone seems to know the habits of life of each family—the dinner- hour—when the outer door is unlocked—how certain landings can be reached when the servants aro engaged—the whereabouts of the principal bedrooms " "Oh, I understand—I understand!" she cried. "The doctor! Capital!_ Excellent!" " Yes," said he, very much relieved, "but— but where would you begin the story ? And what would the end be "Ob, never mind the end at present." said she, gaily. "Let's have the mysterious be ginning—the unaccountable burglaries. And there must be a young woman in it somewhere, you know." "I had no thought.of. that," he answered her, dubiously.. "Oh, but that is absolutely necessary," she contended. "A crime without a young woman in it isn't half a crime. Why, she must be the doctor's fiancee! . Then her mother's house is to be broken into. Remorse seizes him. He knows she has angina pectoris, or housemaid's knee, or something that will suddenly kill her. He—oh, what does he do —oh, Mr. Gilchrist, what does he do!—it must be something wild and splendid.— heroic, you know—he preoipitates himself into —into—something; yes, he precipitates him self—into something; and then he dies—with out a word of reproach; and she—what does she do, Mr. Gilchrist ?—oh, at the very last moment she discovers he has been falsely accused—and unjustly condemned—and of course he mustn't die for just another minute, until she tells him." She was far more nimble-witted than he; or ! perhaps it was the unconscious beguiling of her eyes that perplexed him into silence and listening; at all events on she went with her quick, disconnected, half-mirthful sugestions ; besides which, she was pouring but tea for him, and offering him • bread and butter, and strawberries, and the like. Poor lad,- he was overwhelmed with shame. To think that Miss Macdonald should wait upon him —when gladly he would have crawled upon the ground to serve her as a slave. But then the fool of a manual had not told him whether it was his place to pour out the tea; and again her merry suggestions demanded respectful heed ; and ever and always "the stound, the deadly wound, cam frae her een sae bonnie blue." And then the mother of this young lady ap peared upon the scene, concealing her surprise with an admirable serenity and kindliness ot manner; and she was most interested (for what interested her daughter interested her) in the literary co-partnership; and she happened to indicate that if these two together could get a £5-note from some magazine editor for their tale about the doctor-burglar she would be pleased to receive the same for her convalescent cottage at Nairn. And Archie Gilchrist, to himself, swore a sacred oath that if any exer tion on his part would procure-the money it certainly should be forthcoming. And then, somehow, his intoxicating and unnerving visit drew to a close; and both of these ladies were so gracious as to say they would be pleased to see him again to discuss the further aspects of this literary venture. The poor youth !—he did not know with what fire he was playing, or how easily "just a jinkin, bonnie, blinkin, liilty skilty lassie" might, without any inten tion on her part, become the deadly "belle dame sans merci." 