THE SPECTRE OF B USSEL TON [For CLOSE'S WEEKLY.] . On a lonely part of the Busselton-Karridale road, and nestling under the shadow of Cape Naturaliste is a farm kept by an old couple. I had occasion to pass this place one night, and in doing so the partially obscured rays of the moon revealed the figure of a man about six feet in height leaning over the garden fence, and pbinting with his right hand seawards. ' I bade him good night, but received no reply. The fleeting moonbeams cast weird figures on the white road, and had the district possessed an antiquated ghost it was just the kind of night to resurrect it. But I was positive that the silent figure I had just passed was no apparition, but it was a sufficiently strange figure to conjure all kinds of fancies in one s brain. Picture a square built, six foot man, perfectly bald and with clear cut features, such a might have belonged to the veritable Greek God, and dressed in a costume fashionable enough in England over fifty years ago, standing in the garden of a Westralian farm at 12 o'clock on a moonlight night and pointing grimly at the expanse of sea stretching out before him, and confess that you would rather (rough reader)—we know the gentle reader would simply give a scream and faint—that you would rather hurry on your journey than insist upon a reply to your well meaning " good night." A few nights after this encounter, and while sitting over a log fire chatting with an old resident of the district, I alluded to the matter, and expressed surprise that a man of such commanding presence should bury himself in such a lonely part of the country. "Oh, you mean George W. Nelson," said my friend. " Well, it is rather strange that he should end a stirring career here." After moralising for some time on the up* and downs of this world, he continued : " Nelson, or G. W. Nelson, as we always call him, played for 30 years or more a very important part in the lives of a good many men, leading them into scenes of the most adventurous kind. It is impossible for us to obtain the whole of his history, for he has never Bpoken of it; but we have pieced it together in our own way, and we find that at some time or another he and his followers visited nearly every corner of the habitable globe. " We discovered that they were in New Zealand during the Maori war. He, as their leader, was among the first to reach Hobson's Bay after gold broke out in Australia. Later, he was running the blockade at Mobile during the American war, and more recently the adventures of him- self and band among the islands and natives of the South Seas are of such a nature that even the whopperB of Rougemont pale before them. " Poor old Nelson," went on my informant, in a somewhat retrospective strain, and repressing, 'as I thought, an inclination to snuffle, " poor old fallow. He met his Waterloo not far from the house where you saw him." " It is surmised that the Kimberley rush made G.W. turn towards Western Australia. Anyhow, we know for certain, that one terrible night about that time, as the batteries of heaven were firing quick-repeatiDg hundred ton guns, Nelson's party was trying to reach Busselton; now the poor felllows struggled no one can tell. Despite their efforts, however, they were swept away to the south of the town. The night was too dark for them to fully realize their danger, and it was only when their craft was dashed broadside againBt the rugged face of Cape Naturaliste that they became aware of tne hopelessness of their situation. The people of the district ruBhed to the coast in the hope of saving life, but nothing was washed ashore but G.W. He was wet, cold, and stiff, and they carried him to the farmhouse in the hope of resuscitating him. Next morning, he was well enough to go iuto the garden, and as far as I know he has not once left it. There he stands pointing to the ocean, waiting and watching as it were forjthe sea to give up his dead followcrp." On my return home to the hotel at Busselton, I took the first opportunity to enlarge upon the stately bearing and noble qualities of G. W. Wilson; the other people at the table Bmiled quizzically at first, then broadly, and presently the room rang againand again with their loud guffaws. Then the humiliating fact dawned upon me that Nelson, over whom I was pathetically enthusing, was, after all, only thefigure head of a wrecked ship. 8 J.A.K. 