THE SENORITA'S SOSES? I GLO.VING south- | ern sunbiithed the drov.sy old garden in flood of molt en gold. The orange and ' fig trees l.ung tl eir lusciou3 fruit within, tempting distance, while up to the S; noiila's bedroom win-low climbed in a li t of yellow splendour the. supci b gold ef Ophir rose tree, famous along the entire ccn-.-t. Never was there such another ro: e tree 1 ?? The Seuorit* was straight and dull and slender. Though the giey .was bigiuuing do creep in her dusky hair, and the lell-'ali wri. kbs were seaming her foieheal, yet she- was.a. handsome woman, with tbo samu Ai da'usiau features, the soft, speaking eyes, the clc-r ili.e skin, her beautiful mother had brought Troio Spain years ago. Every afternoon when the Si-uorita _ had finished her household duties, buloie she art down to the dainty drawn work which was a partofher daily occupation, and from wt ich she derived a modest income, it was her cnslom lo enter the drawing-room, and after ad justing the blinds so that the sunlight would touch her -protrait gently, to stand before it intently re garding her own lost youth. ' Madro di Dios 1' was the murmured ex clamation, ' but it was loDg time ago— long —lime — ago.' There was also a vase of golden rose* on a little stand - before the poi trait. , '\Vh- u t- i-. - Senerita's gaze left the picture it fell upon Mu flowers. With a gentle sigh she would psi - sively touch the petals with caressing -finger-, then silently.and like a ghost slowly glide fioni the room. Y( ara before, when the Senorita was young; a beauty and a belle of the little sett'ement. up at the Ptesidio there was a gallant young lieur tenant who fell desperately in love- with the charming Spaniard. Their courtship amid tin my i tie and orange groves, under t e warm moonlight of the Southern region, in the shel tt red nooks along the white beaoh was ideal. \- Once, when the . lieutenant retm ee I from Santa Buibara, whithi r he had been stnt twr UQporlant military business, he brought to hia sweetheart a tiny rose bush, which he plant* ?) betore her dour. : ' *' Yguacia,' be whispered, as he caught hi r slim hands iu his and beat his bold, blue eyes upon her blushing face, ' my lave for you will be perennial, like this bush, and sweet as its blossoms.' But alas for the pledges of passion ' The lieutenant was one to love and ride away. En tile roses had bloomed -the third year, he had deptrted, departed with fervent vows and promises of a speedy return. : But the long burning- summers, the slow dreary winters, .drifted by and he never came. The tiny bus'u grew to be a lord iy tree. She beaid of 1 im uow and then— the' famou- Indian fighter, then the major, the colonel, at last the great General, whose - name was honoured throughout the land. Then came tl o news of-his marriage to a celebrated belle ami heiress. -. The rose tree was growing and blooming, but hope was dead iu the heart of the Bmoiita ! Year after year she lived her simple Hit's life in the old adobe cottage of her ancestors. One by duo her friends passedaway. To the Senoiilu wi-je It ft only her rose garden and memory. ? H was a great day for the sleepy little Spanish town when the railway came ; greater, when tlr rich syndicate built the magnificent hotel Then came the electric cars, rushing and clang ing before the Senorita's rose garden. v .'.One evening the Senorita sat under the Gel . of Ophir rose tree. In her hands she held a cluster of her favourites. As she inhaled tin ii fragrance her thoughts were as ever, busy with the past. The garden gate clicked and swung open.: Two people advanced slowly and uncertainly through the gathering dusk; a man ird a weman, young, fashiouably-dresied, with a* unmistakable air of good breeding. Thu man, stepping forward and courteously lifting nis hat, said, ' Have I the honour of addressing Senorita Ygnacia Bonaventura r He stopped abruptly as a sharp cry fell from the Senorita's lips. ' Santa Maria 1' she breathed, rather than spoke, ' wLo it ees ?' ' I am sorry to have stalled you so.' replied the visitor giutly : ' we were told at the hotel thai you were quite willing strtngets should see tLis beautiful tree pr we would not have ii - traded; \ I beg your pardon,' aud he turned as if to go. V'-:. ; Stay, Senor,' she cried, ' do not go. I will sLow you the roses with happiness— si But. your face it ees which gave me so moocko start. Jesu Christo ! bat you are. like some one— — ' '1 tl,ink yoH knew my father,' said the strong- r; 'he was stationed here at the I'reiipio, years ago, and I have often heard Ltiiiskeak of this charming old town.' ~ ' Your fathaire here ?' ' Yes, my father, General Saunders ; Lieu tenant Saundeis when he. was here.' There was a profound silence. The straight, slim figuie seemed turned to stone. Tom Saun ders it It as if he were coufrou ted by some vague' uukaown tiagedy. His young wife., too, was experiencing a sensation as if she were looking on at a mysterious phase of hmnan emotion. She turned fcer sweet faca, fuH of tender tympathT, towards the Senorita. Tho Senorita' spoke first : ' Si canor.' she said iu a low, grave voice, ' 1 dFd know your falhnire long — time — ago. He look Iiko yon — ah, I 'ope he ees well— si ?' ?' Did you not kuow P But of course you would not have beard ' — said Saundero sadly, ' my father is deadliptHe died a month ago.' ' He ees dead ? ' repeated the Senorita mechanically. ' Yes,' said Saunders, ' and before he died, he charged me with a sacred commission. He kcew that . I was coming here on my wedding jwurttey. He called me to him one day and siid : ' When you get there 1 want you to seek Senorita Ygnaoia Bonaventura. Tell her for me -that now I am Bearing death, I see with clrar vision, and that I regret the pant. Tell L tr that as I lie here rackedjwith pain, I long, oh! I long for the coolness anfllquiet of her rose-gardeu. and that in the long watches of each restless night I smell again the perfume from the golden roses I planned bofore her door.' There was a sound of sobbing, as Saunders finished his pathetic message. It came from hisj wife, who was profoundly affected by the situa tion. But the Senorita did not weep. Herl white face was tense in its agony, bat not a tear-; glistened in her sombre eyes. She held out her hand to the son of her old love. He took it iu both bis and pressed it gently. ' She hac suffered for my father's sake,' was the thought that flashed through his mind. As launders and his wife wero leaving, their ; rms filled with branches and clusters of tho cf the Gold of Ophir roses, the Senorita held pen tho gate for them. 'When Sauuders passed ! er, she laid iu his hand the king of all that year's blossoms, a great royal golden rose. 'Pc? the lieutenant's grave,' she simply said. 't Saunders bowed, too much moved to speak. Aud air later tho ashes of that perfect Hum; vans roTCrently otrenn overs fitavoia Greenwood. Honrs after their depailure, the Senoii'a entered tho little diawing-room. Her face wae win and laggard and old. She lifted her fliobcring cardie high before the portrait Rnd gazed steadfastly apon the beautiful youi g face I hat smiled down at her. ' Madre di Dies ! ' she breathed, ' but it was a long— time— a-go.' j Thu uext morning tin y. tried in vara to waken 1 the Srnorita. Sbo lay still and cold on ber bed, drawn close to the open c^bc men t. Through tbe window, the great gay guides rosrs climbed and lc.c-ked into the poor little chamber. And one, bolder than the rest, had laid its yellow head clo.'e to the dead heart of the Senorita, 