?Papers for the People, MORE TRUTH ABOUT THE CHURCH. It is said that the Church ignores oui Saviour and depreciates the work of the Redemption, and robs the Atonement of its all sufficient value. The accusation is' utterly false, unjust and calumnious. The Catholic Church teaches that Christ is the . Incarnate Son of God, that he is the Re-, deemer and Saviour and teacher of mankind, tnat tie is very «jrou aim very man, navmg one divine personality, that He is our only Mediator of Redemption, that there is no salvation in any other name under Heaven given to men whereby they can be saved. She teaches that one drop of the blood of Christ would have been sufficient to redeem ten thousand guilty worlds, and that in shedding His blood for us He purchased us with a great price, that that blood shed on Calvary ascended up through allrthe ages to the very gates of Paradise in its redeem ing power, and that in principle and potency it washed away the guilt of all the ages, that no child of Adam ever entdred Heaven or ever can enter Heaven save through the merits of the atonement of Christ. All her prayers are offered up in the name of Christ Jesus, and her children bow the head in loving reverence and adoration at the sound of that name, thus carrying out in spirit the words of St. Paul, that in the name of Jesus every knee shall bend of those that are in Heaven and on earth, and under the earth, and that every tongue should con fess that the Lord Jesus is the glory of the Father ; and they believe the same Apostle that neither death nor life nor angels nor principalities nor powers nor things present tnor things to come nor might nor height nor depth nor any other creature shall separate us from the love of God which is in Christ Jesus our Lord. (Romans viii. 38, 39.) In Defence of Cubist's Divinity. She at all times defended the Diving of Christ against unbelievers. For three hun dred years she defended the Divinity of Christ against the Arians. She assembled councils and condemned their destructive heresy. She endured the anger of kings and emperors in defence of this fundamental doctrine of Christian faith, and her bishops, priests and children, suffered persecution, exile and death to uphold it. And yet wo are confidently and impudently, but most falsely told that the Church ignores Christ and His Redemption. Millions of her children, bishops, priests, monks and nuns have consecrated themselves to lives of voluntary poverty, chastity and obedienoe in imitation of Christ their Redeemer, and for His dear sake have given up the world and its pleasures, allurements and seductions to consecrate ?themselves to the service of the poor, the ignorant, the sick, the suffering and afflicted. The Catholic Church opposed to Christ ! Why if it were not for her it is most doubtful if faith in Christ- would exist in any corner of the earth to- day. The Blessed Virgin. ?? ? The Catholic Church 4b acoused of adoring the Blessed Virgin and of giving her divine, honor and , of placing her before and above her Redeemer in the work of man's redemption and salvation. We honor the Blessed Virgin, because she is the Mother of Christ bur God and Redeemer, because as such she is the most perfect orea ture that ever issued from the hands of God. But the honor we pay to her is not the supreme honor due to God, but the inferior and infinitely different honor which is due to a creature even the most perfeot. We call her blessed because she herself, inspired by the Holy Ghost, prophesied that all generations should call her blessed. God honored her by ohoosing her for His mother, and the Arohangel honored her when he hailed and greeted/ her with being 1*.fulll of grace,' and aB having God with her in an, especial manner. And surely it is but right -and. proper to honor her whom God Himself so muoh. honored. Besides, in honoring her we bub honor the gifts and. graoes whioh. God so abundantly bestowed upon her,' and which crowned her with honor and glory. Wo also pay ah ? inferior honor to the. saints because they are the friends of God, and thus, in accordance with the injunction of the Psalmist, praiso God in His saints. As th.o moon shines by the reflected light of the sun, -tout does riot dim his glory, nor rob him of the effulgence of his rays, so the Blessed1 Virgin and the Saints shine by the reflected light of God's beauties and per factions, that is by His graces and His gifts. ?Bub instead of diminishing ? the . honor and ..the glory whioh are essentially His, they' bub serve to^inoreaso and intensify it. Of God we ask mercy and pardon, but we only ask saints to pray for us, Is there any harm in this ? Wag if wrong for St. Paul to ask the prayers of his disciples, and if not, how can it be wrong for us to.ask the prayers of the saints reigning with God in glory ? It is on this principle of invocation and intercession that we act in daily life. Witness persons wanting Government ap pointments asking the influence of respected friends of the Government. It is of her the inspired writer spoke wlien ho exclaimed: 'Who is she that eometh forth like the morning rising, fair as the moon, bright as the sun, terrible like an army in battle array.' , (Canticles, vi. 9.) St. John in the Apocalyse (xii., c. 1) de scribes' her .as 'clothed with the sun, and the moon under her feot, and her head a crown of 12 stars.' Ev.en Protestant poets, inspired by faith as well as poetic genius, paid her the highest tributes of reverence and honor. Thus Wordsworth sings : Woman whose virgin bosom was uncros By the least shade of thought to sin allied Woman above all women glorified, Our tainted nature's solitary boast, l ?Purer than foam on central ocean tost. Fairer than eastern skies at daybreak strewn With fancied roses ; than the unblemished moon Before her wane begins on heaven's blue coast ? i - Thy image falls to earth, yet some I ween The suppliant knees might bend As to a visible p6wer in which doth blend All that was mixed and reconciled in thee ; Of mother's love with maiden purity, Of high with low, celestial with terrene. Even Shelley thus writes of her, 'The Virgin Mother' : Shrape of Heaven ! too gentle to bo human, Veiling beneath that radiant form of woman All that is insupportable in thee Of light and love and immortality ! Sweeb Benediction in the Eternal Curse ! Veiled glory of this lamplees' universe ! Thou Moon beyond the clouds ! Thou living Form : . Among the dead! Thou Star above the storm, Thou Wonder, and thou Beauty, and thou Terror ! ' ? ? Thou Harmony- of Nature's art! Thou Mirror . In whom, as in the splendor of the sun, All shapes look glorious whioh thou gazest on. See where she stands ! a mortal shape endued With love, and life, and light, and purity, And motion which may change but cannot die ; An image of some bright eternity. A Roumanian naturalist has been studying the marriage custom of the1 octopus. In his ' love affairs, it would ? appear, the octopus is l- childlike and bland j' he behaves, more over, ' with a certain delicacy towards his companion.' We will suppose an octopus smitten by some fair female. He takes up his position at a considerable distance from hia lady-love, and stretches out the third arm on the right, scientifically the hectoco tylized arm. . With'its extremity hovcaregses the object of his affections. The female does not attempt to move. (We are supposing the woer to be fair-favoured and well- to-do withal.) After remaining in a passive con dition for an hour or more, the ootopus withdraws his arm from the extensive waist of his lady-love and places it in the same position as his other arms. But woe betide the unfortunate damsel if she reject' the ad vances of her many-limbed suitor. In the event of her proving refractory, the male, ejects thiok olouds of ink and stiffens out a few of his arms, raising them with a warning mobioh. This, according to Mr. Raoovitea, is generally enough to bring the female to a proper, state of mind. At an early stage, in our journey in Franz Josef Land (says a writer in the ', Geographical Journal') our difficulties began. The pony ^broko loose the' Beoond night out, and, unfortunately, gorged her self with dried, vegetables. These, together with dog bisouits and a few pounds of oats saved from the previous sledging, were her usual fodder, owing to the lack of legitimate horse food, which had quite run out more' than 12 months before. As I expected, the surfeit of dried vegetables brought on a serious illness to remedy which Armitage and I clubbed together the small supply of pills whioh we had with us. He produced, I think, two varieties of pills, and I had 'a number of podophyllin ; so wo made up a dose of 22 in all, whioh I administered to our invalid pony, mixed up .in some frozen fat from our frying-pan. This, I am glad to say, had tho desired offeot of at all events partly restoring her to health. 