HUMAN SACRIFICES. Mr. J. H. Swainson has communicated a de scrip! ion of visits which he has paid to Benin and to the Africau chief Niuiu'm town. At one time Benin City was the centre of the slave trade, tlio Portuguese slavers beinir the imr ohasiTO. The Portuguese 'bnrracoons,' or pits, were, still lo be seen at. Benin. Mr. Swainsou was the third white man who had up to tin: limn (if his lir.st risit been seen in He.nin. Tin; num ber of the King's bodyguard is allojn-ther about 200— all naked, and each with a brass ring 1 on one of his ankles. The King recuivi d Mr. Kwiiir.son in a very friendly way, and also his presents of Mile and cloth with enual readiness. The King' promised to do all he could for trade, Ijut he would not remove the ' Ju .In,' or famtienl enibargo, from tho copal ami thi; i;un-. The King told Sir. Swainson he was going In hold nnv. of his human .sicniices. and asked him if he would like to ste it. This Mr. Swainson drclmed, and he hurried out of the town, fear ing l.ho safety of his own head. The sights that weri! witiu-Bssp.dby the TOiiglishmcn were of the most revolting description. On one tree which had been trained for such purposes, a woman had bpen crucified. This was because there had. been too much sun Tor the crop, and tn propitiate the King's '?.hiJu' the woman was tied up, with hands and legs outstretched, on the tree. Tin; third time Jlr. Swainson visited this sepulchral city was in 1892 with Consul Captain fiullway. Dr. Hanley, and Jlr. Ilutton, .i:id was to try and get the King to sign' a treaty. The King kepi his visitors wait ing two hours for the ' palaver.' This was to show hi.s Iioyal d'guity. When he'app ned hi; was dressed in a suit of coral, only his eyes, nose, finger-tips, and tors being visible, and so rigid was tbe garment that the King coulri neither stir nor do anything for himself. An immense umbrella Has held over him, and fan beaier.i had nil tlieir work cut out to keep their sable ruler eool and the Hies off. Eventually till! trnatv was MP'np.rt. jinrl thp.n thn TCimr in vited the white men to seo him ?' kill his father.' This, it was explained, did not mean tho actual murder of the former King, as he bad been dead many years, but it wan the aniiivers.vy of his death, and every year it was supposed that the worthy parent's spirit rose from the ground, and ' to lay the ghost,' 18 men were killed. Captain Gallway not only declined the invitation, but told tho King, through the inter preter., that such horrible sacrifices would not bo permitted in future. Whether the interpreter conveyed the full meaning of the words to the King could not be known, but the King laughed, and the matter ended. The 18 men were killed after tbe Commissioner had left. Tho mode of sacrifices was most shocking. Arope was tied round the neck of the victim, the other end being fastened to tho bough of h tree, which was bent by the weight. The head of the victim was then cut off with a sword or large knife, and the bough of the tree flew back, hurliug the head into the air.and allowing tbe body'to fall to the earth. ...-;' 