CHAPTER 11. A few weeks after my return to London I was invited to spend an evening with some friends at Ba3Ewater, and, starting from the city with a full two hours to spare, I decided to make the journey afoot. I' 11ring was farther from my thoughts than my Briuhton experience, when, crossing a busy thoroughfare in tue West End. I was seized with a sensation of fright and sick ness, 'and the lace -1 'remembered so well flashed suddenly upon'my sight. I stood dazed and bewildered; then, as I regained any self-control, the miracle ex plained itself. Crossing the road; I hatd stepped on to the pavement exactly opposite a photographer's shop, and there, occupying a central position under an electric lamp in the window, was a life-sized presentment of the bead and shoulders of the man who had haunted me these many weeks past. I recognised him instantly ; every charac teristic of that face had been minutely im pressed upon my memory, and was here as minutely reproduced. The exactness of it staggered me with instant conviction, and seemed to render the everyday theories with which I had accounted for the apparition absolutely untenable. Without cons :ious volition-almost, as it some unseen influence outside myself had led me there-I found - I had entered the shop, and was fronting an urbane assistant across the counter. itising to the emergency, I proffered a few compliments, on the picture exhibited, and he became communicative. The portrait was an enlargement on an improved prin ciple of their own device. Yes, it was un doubtedly an excellent likeness. No, they knew practically nothing of the sitter ; it was the first time the gentleman had ever been to them, and he had been uncommonly pleased with the result. "1I should think so," said I, " it is per fect." " The gentleman is a friend of yours, air ? ' I replied that he was, and inquired whether they had a. copy of the smaller portrait which they could ,el1 to me. tie was at first dubious, but, yielding to flattery and delicate persuasion, referred to a number on the back of the enlargement, and fetched from a nest of shallow drawers a small pactet, which proved to contain the original negative and two unmounted print,. I selected one of those, and, whilst he was wrapping it up for me, turned the packet over and read with pretended indifference the name and address inscribed on it. Within 20 minutia of quitting the shop I had made my way to that address. " Mr Cyril Roaney, sir ?" said tue elderly female who answered my knock " He don t live here now." " Where can I find him-do you know ?" ' I don't, sir." She went on to intimate that he had left her suddenly, and without notice; that, indeed, between her and nme, he was wanted on a criminal charge, but neither the police nor anybody else could discover a trace of him. I asked where I might find any of his relatives. "He ain't got none. But," she said, con fidentially, '-he was engaged to a young lady, name Arran, as lives with her mother close b3 here. They couldn't tell you no more than 1 have, though." Nevertheless, I went on to Mrs Arran's. F he was at home, and alone in the small front parlor into which I was conducted. [ opened the interview by producing the photograph and inquiring- whether she: re cognised it. I saw that she did. " You are acquainted with Mr Rodney ?" " l was," she frigidly corrected me. "Can't you tell me what has become of him ?" ",I cannot." Foreseeing that if I was to elicit any in formation from her I must my-elf play the first card in the game of confidences, I told her frankly by what mysterious train of cir cumstances I had been drawn upon the trail of the missing man. the heard me with increasing amazement, and when I had concluded, " I cannot understand," she faltered. " It seems impossible that -" "But it is not impossible," I interrupted emphatically. " I have never seen Mr Rodney, and till to-day never even heard his name. Yet, in the way I have ex plained, I am perfectly familiar with his appearance. What I have told you is simple,,unexaggerated fact, and I want you to help me to get at some explanation of it. I have no object beyond that, I give you my word. I have never believed In such things as ghosts, but-" She was satisfied of my sincerity, and as keenly~interested in the mystery that baffled me as I was myself. " I do not even know that Mr Bodney is dead," sbc began. "1T he truth is, we had known him many yea's, and he tram engaged to my daughter." I bowed, anti she continued : " It is true, as that woman told you, he was charged with forgery and embezzle ment; but, for my part, I could never be lieve him guilty, nor could Marie, even though he himself confessed to lt." Coming to det -its, she explained that some two months previously Rodney had gone away for a week's holiday. " He went to Brighton," she said. "lie arranied to come back by an early train on Sunday morning, and dine with us that day. He never came. A friend of his-they were botk in the same office-Mr Darcy, called on the Mdonday evening and saw me nrlvatrly. He tad received an extraordinary letter from Cyril-the police have it now, but I made a copy before they took it." She went out of the room anti returntd with her copy. " Dear flarcy," It ran, " 1 leave this place to-niwht, and]I hope to be out of England to-morrow. Everybody will know why in a day or two. 1 have played the fool at the office- got into money difficulties and helped myself. Felt sure I should be able to put things straight before I was round out, but find I can't possibly do it. They are bound to discover everything in a day or two, and I daren't face it. Good-bye, pid man. Don't expect to see any more of We. Eneak it to Marie. It's awful to think of never seeing I her again. Ask her to forgive me, though I don't deserve it. (Good-bye.wwkver yours, OCyil hodney. " This was pcsted from Brighton ?"* " On that sunday night-yes. Thi re was the Brighton postmark on the envelope " Further, a comparison of dateu showed that the Saturday night on which that letter was written and the Saturday night on which the apparition had first appeared to me are identical. " And what was the forgery ?" "Well, it seems he obtained access to the cheque book and tore our two forms at the end of it. lie filled in one for £ 00 and one for £150, and forged his firm's signature to both. There are some 60 clerks in the office, and at the bank they could not remember who had cashed them. The y olice believe he had a confederate. . . . He must have done it, I suppose; there seems no doubt of it. And yet I can't think it or him." If this was all, the one clue I had stumbled upon had led me deeper into the mystery, but no nearer to any solution of it. Mrs Arran called her daughter, and, de. laying my departure, I was repeating my incredible narrative to her when the servant announced a visitor. "Mr. Darcy I" ejaculated Mrs Ai ran. " I am so glad he has come. I should like him to see you. He was po fond of poor Cyril. and has been so very kind to us since-" Mr Darcy came in with a brisk, buoyant step and a graceful inclination of his neat figure. He was a tall, good looking man, with curled hair, a military mduitache and a mincing, dandified manner. Passing me without notice, be shook hands with Mrs Arran, and more fervently with her daughter. " This is fortunate. You are rather earlier than we expected, Mr Darcy," said the mother ; adding, as she directed his attention to me : `" This gentleman has called to-" He wheeled round with the politest of smiles, but the moment his glance rested on me a spasm of ghastly terror struck across his features. He put his hand out blindly and caught hold upon the table as if to save himself from falling. Every vestige of color faded from his lips, and a deaf and deathlike expression frome horribly on his face. I stared at him aghast, too astounded fur the moment either to speak or move. " Mr Darcy ! W'at is it ?" cried Mrs Arran. "What is the matter?" He turned his white face toward her as a blind man turns toward a sound. Eis whole form was shaking as with an ague, and swaying into sudden collapse, he dropped to the around and lay senseless. We were thrown into such confusion that. I cannot clearly recall what immediately followed. I believe a doctor was sent for. I know we laid him on the couch and ap. plied some sort of restoratives, and before the doctor arrived-after a lapse of some 10 minutes, maybe--the rigidity of his muscles relaxed. He sighed once or twice, and opened his eyes. Seeing me, he started again, and shud. c ered. So far as I knew we were strangers to each other ; yet he seemed to shrink in sear of me. Presently, putting a strong control upon himself, he said, in htrained, hoarse whispers : " So! You have me. Well-thank heaven it is over." We thought he was delirious. I did, at all events. " I knew you would find me," he-went on, an awful excitement struggling up through his weakness. "if you had been much longer I should have given myself up. You know how it all happened ?" He looked up at me, and the abruptness of his query fairly took my breath away. On the impulse of the moment, thinking it better to humor him, I gave him the reply he evidently expected. " Yes," be groaned. " You know I did it. It's all up a ita me. But I was driven to it -I was mad. I'd got into a terrible diffl. culty, and thought if he was to suddenly disappear they would naturally, blame him instead of me, and then,' lowering his voice, 't. thought that some day she might forget him-" lie paused, fumbling absently in his waistcoat pocket, and went on with a touch of recklessness. "I1 knew his haunts at Brghton. We had often been there rogeth~er. I went .down *that Saturday afternoon, end he was delighted to see me. I told him I was seedy, and had simply come on a Saturday to Moniday trip. "I proposed to walk to Eottingdean We didn't hurry ourselves -had supper there, and it 'was after 10 when we started to walk back. We passed your cottage-be noticed the light in the window. We left the road, and walked on the grass by the cliff edge and stopped, and stood trying to make out a ligh at some distance over the sea. 'He looked round casually-it was pitch dark-nc lights anywhere but the one across the water and the one in your window-and scare me by saying with a laugh, ' What an idmal place for a muider, Itarcy! & good shriek would just about reach that cottage and give them ftse' "His words frightened me, and at the sane time brough all the devil in me up. permost. I had a loaded stick with me. ii e was looking away from me at your cottage, and one blow struck him down-I caught his arm as he fell, and sent him sheer over tire Mide of the cliff." We sat dumb with horror and incredulity. "*1 don't think he made any sound," he went on hastily ; " yet over and over since th".n i've dreamt about it and done it again, and each time he has shrieked-I can't get it out tf my ears-and you have heard him, and come from that accursed cottage, and chased me and had me down, struggling like a wild bet-t-until I woke reeking with perspiration, and f and I had been dieam ing. Still, if I could see your face so clearly you could see mine; and I always knew it was more than a dream-I always knew you were looking for me, and would hunt me down-especially since one night, when I couldn't sleep, he came and leaned over me, and you with him, and he pointed anti seemed to say to you, ' This is the man I'" " But his letter ?" gasped Mrs Arran. "A forgery-easier than the other two I put off on him. I took the letter down ready addressed to myself, and posted it at Brighton." While he was speaking he carried some thing from his pocket to his lips, and I was conscious of a thin, sickly odor tainting the air. " There ! I was prepared for you-you see." He tossed a small, empty vial from hire with an ironical chuckle. " lend for the police as soon as you like; I shall have gone before they come."-Globe Democrat. 