BSma/J'Sira B3 fVSK!K. Towong races approaching. Night «:1 general entry: Tuesday, 1st Mr Dakin’s handicaps for the throe principal o vents iiavc given entire satiB faction. Meeting ra leasing question at Corryong on Saturday next at ‘2 p.m. “Toucan only expect to get half of wlmt you ask for, so you might as well ask for a lot.”—Sir Coghill at land meet ing on last Saturday. The foundation stone of the new Church of England building at Tailungatta will be laid on Tuesday, 8lh March, at 8 p.m., by the Yon. Archdeacon Langley. Tho dust-filled, fly and mosquito-bitten eyes of Albury aro being washed with toars. Word lias been received there that tho federal delegates will not have time to visit the would-be federal city. Poor Albury 1 The Albury Borough Council is making tho town—beg pardon, city—look impor tant by prosecuting cyclists for riding on the footpaths. Several, including a num ber of ladies, fined for' this offence last Thus tho Albury Banner to a corres pondent who sent in somo doggerel:— “ V.S.—Tho lines are not without merit, but you should observe tho rules. For example, iu the ‘ Kcquicm ’ there is a syllable too much in the first and third lines of the laBt verse. Again, even poets must obsorvo tho ordinary grammatical concords. ‘ Patience gentlo mentors teaches ’ is obviously wrong.’’ After that lucid and able (sic '■) lesson on poetry making. there should be another name added to the list of Australian poc-ts ! The Banner is going it. In a recent issue it gave an anxious correspondent an exhaustive (?) lesson on astronomical science. “ Stars shine in the heavens. . . . . They are a long distance from the earth." How very interesting and instructive. Efforts are being mods to resuscitate the Wodonga Biflo Club, which was allowed to “ yield up the ghost- ” a couple of years ago. The protracted litigation between Mr C. M. Wilkinson and tho Albury “ Daily Mews’’ has at Inst come to an end, tho plaintiff having notified the defendants’ solicitor that he had abandoned his action for £1000 damages against the journal in question. Mr Kuskin, tho great writer, draws £•100 a month in literary royalties, and yet no book of his has ever been trans lated in a foroign language. . Lord William Neville pleaded guilty to fraud in connection with tho money lending case, and was sentenced to five years’ penal servitude. Once every week a most sensational cable is received concerning the threatened war and then there is a pause, or particu lars pointing to peace. Meanwhile England and llussia aro making elaborate preparations for carnage. The gold yield of Australia up to date is 8S,788,189 nzs., valued at £3-13,775,-101. Add to this tho yields of silver, tin, copper and other metals' and the figures will amaze the maligners of this continent. Writing of a man who had been found dead at Berrigan, a “ Banner ’’ corres pondent wisely concludes :—“ It ia sur mised that the man, finding himself ill, laid down and died." How very un- j natural 1 ! The mystery attending tho death of Joseph M‘ Donald, who was found dead in a hut near Ararat last week, with a gun shot wound on the top of liis head, is be lieved to have boon solved by the suicide of a farmer, known to have been an enemy of tbo murdered man. “ Professor Baldwin ” (otherwise Wat- | ton Powell), who, it will be remembered, stumped Victoria a few years ago with a clairvoyant show, has been sent to gaol for 15 months by the Bristol court for procuring young girls for immoral pur poses. A sailor named George Williams, who found himself poor in health and in need of medical attendance, drove a Btono through one of tho plate-glass windows of the Equitable buildings, Collins-stroet, in order to be arrested and get medically treated in the gaol hospital. Ho got what ho wanted. John Newberv, an out-of-einploymcnt sailor, hung himsolf with his braces at South Melbourne on Friday. The old Scotch name for braces—“gallaces”— has an nppropiinto sound on occasions. reter Peterson, a Wcrribee laborer, aged 60, was roasted to death in his but on Friday. Ilut took fire, and in trying to save his property ho was overcomo by smoke. The powerful Spnnish war-ship Maine was blown up in tho Havana harbor last i week. The vessel's powder magazine ex- j ploded, and tbo ship sank in (lames. Over 200 of tho crew were killed or drowned. j A French steamer Fln-elmt struck on a rock off the Island of Tencriffe on Fri day and went to pieces. There was a dense fog at the timo and 87 persons were drowned. Tho trial of M. Zola is still continuing and causing a great sensation in Paris, the Minister of War and persons in high authority having grave charges levelled at them. French society seems to he pretty rotten ! A' female medical imposter named Louisa Callaghan was sentenced to six months' imprisonment at Sydney last week. Another instance of women inter fering with men's prerogatives 1 During the stormy weather last week the coal ship Atacama sprung a leak off Port Jackson heads. Tho crew took to boats. Four were picked up by the tug Leveret, and thirteen were drowned. Bessie Itobson. a Trentham young Indy, suicided last week by throwing herself in front of a railway train, by which she was torn to pieces. Another unfortunate tired of life. The Sydney tighl-ropo walker, Holmes, who recently attempted to murder his wife, was sentenced to death on Friday. Justice Kodgers said the woman was a wanton, who had blighted Holmes’ life. Judge and jury recommend a reprieve, A secret treaty is reported to have boen concluded botween Kussia and China. The Bear is trying to get the Pigtail under his paw with a vengeance. President Kruger, tbo Transvaal king, has dismissed tho chief justice, because tbo latter would not accept Kruger’s inter pretation of the law ot the land on certain matters. Messrs Tounghusband and Co.’s sale on Saturday next. The total capital now in tho jurisdiction of the Independent Order- of Oddfellows is £107,680 12s 8d, the increase during the past year being £1955 -Is 8d. A hoard of nearly 100 sovereigns lias been found in the ruins of one of tbo lints in tho Yarra Valley recently destroyed by a bush fire. Dairymen, don’t forget the lecture by Mr Potts in the Corryong Hall this (Thursday) afternoon at 3 o'clock. 