THE BOUNTY BOGEY RESUR. RECTED. Another anti-federal bogey has gone the way of all ghosts. This is the ' bounty' bogey, which only two or three days ago was announced as the most fearsnnie of them all, and is already tossed into the limb of forgotten. things. Anew'con- SDiracv.'' . we were told, had been un earthed ; between the 3rd and the '30th of June Victoria and South Australia were arranging te grant perpetual bounties on a lavish scale ; bounties on Victorian coal, on South Australian wheat, and on everything else that might ask for a bounty ; and all these were to be paid for by the Commonwealth, and chiefly therefore by New South Wales. The thing was almost too absurd to treat seriously ; but it waB blazoned forth by the Sydney Daily Telegraph in all the majesty of type and labelled in tho lead ing columns as a ' conspiracy,' so it had to be answered. And the answer has come, hob only from N.S.W., but from the other colonies as well. Mr. Kingston has declared that, so far aB South Aus tralia is .concerned, there is not the slightest intention of breaking faith with the Convention by imposing new boun ties j and Sir George Turner, from Vic toria, is equally emphatic thab he intends to do no more than he openly announced his intention of doing in the Convention — that is, complete certain pending nego tiations for bounties to tho winfl industry. Moreover, be states unhesitatingly that under the Constitution those bounties will be ab tho expense of Victoria alone — a proposition which no reader of the Constitution, unless he were a bigoted anti-federalist, could doubt for a moment. And now thab this bogey has collapsed, whab a preposterous and unreal thing ib appears to have been ! Obviously, it would have been utter folly for either of tho neighboring colonies to take unfair advantage of the month's grace allowed them, because any such breach of faith would have opened tho eyes of this colony to the dishonesty of the partners elect, and she would have drawn back while I yet there was time. Obviously, too, the interpretation attempted to be put on the Bill, to saddle the Commonwealth with ?a purely provincial liability, was too fantastic to be conceivable. But the absurdity was na obstacle to the anti federalists ; here was a chance to knock a hole in tho Bill, and so they rushed blindly on to destruction. This process has now been repeated so often .that they ought to be getting more cautious ; bub tbeir zeal outruns their ^discretion, and there will probably be still more of those hastily dressed-up bogeys to demol:sh, 