LILIAN TREMAYNE'S SECRET. CHAPTER LIII. KILLED BY THE HAND OF LOVE! By BERTHA M. CLAY Authoress of "An Ideal Love," &c.;) •The silence throughout tho great home of Moclfora ni oppressive. Thoseryants walked upon tiptoe? across-the polished oaken floors and spoke in whispors. The day had been looked forward to as one of quiet rejoicing, for tho story of the duke's marriage 'hid tasked oat; but instead of merry-making thore was trouble—trouble, sudden and unexpected. IFws Tromayne's father had suffered an other spell of frenzied infinity on his daughter's wedding morn. He had at tacked one of ws, lord duke's guests—he had attacked Dr. Klein, his medical man and nearly ohbked him to death. He had beaten him insensible with bis violin. The doctor was terribly disfigured, and the madmin was doad. He lay dead on his bod, and the duke was inconsolable— the duke, was nearly mad himself, with grief, with horror, with disappointment. He had forbidden the servants, on pain of instant-dismissal, to mention one word of the tragedy in.Misi Tremayne's hear ing. And-'when- they wore holding whispers of all this trouble the news came that the duke's secretary had bean shot that the duke's secretary was dying at the village hotel. :/■ Two or three of the men-servants remombored seeing Kir Vincent leave the home. Hejarted from the duke on friendly terms, and went out into the night to be shot by some prowling thief. So disaster-follows disaster, and the duke was now cowering over the fire in the breakfast-room, his face drawn and hastgard,' hu'Tsyes wild—despair in his very attitude. 1'" " ■ Near to him on a couch/propped up with pillows, his face in bandages, was Dr Klein. He would insist upon leaving his bedroom,-for- danger seemed to lurk in every corner. " I do not attempt to disguise anything from yon, Klein," the duke was saying. "Of course I shot Vincent, and have made a bungle of it. I hear, that he has refused to make any statement, but if be j does finally accuse me, I most deny it. He has no* proof that I assaulted him. and myservanta saw him part from me. It makes me mad to think that we have j both bungled, but I am determined that this marriage shall go on. I will fight to j thelait" " I cannot help you further," Klein groaned. •■" lam a ruined man. I shall not be able to present myself to the world for weeks. Look at me 1 My face is beaten into an unrecognisable man." "Ourao it all," was the brutal re joinder. "Perhaps your disguise may be of service to you; your friend Oavalli won't be able to recognise yon now 1" Their conversation was interrupted by the butler. "A person to see yon, your grace," ho said. - * ",Wbat! at this hour in the morning J" The duke had paled to the. lips. "Who is it t What does he want J I can see no one." " He brings a message from Mr Vincent yourgrace." "Hal" " Otherwise I would not have admitted him.** --.-■• " Very, good, TompVini. Bring the message to me. ' "■"' ' "Hesays that it must be,given into your Ksnds! jdone,;.your>jpf*ce,'' the butler <xmiinnecL'u '->"•- •' " Where is the person ?" " I^i the west library, your grace." " I wflTaee' Wm," and he waved the butler.away. '" The;?.3uke was thoughtful for a few minuCet.. .The messenger was probably a detective. "Well,' if he were, charged and arrested it would be an easy matter to treat tha aftair contemptuously, and get bail,... ' " Do not bo gone long." Dr Klein said. " And give, .mo a drop of brandy. My nerves are so unsteady by fright and pain that I cannot keep a limb still." ThiCnTte walked to the library in the west wing with a firm step. He pushed open 4ie door, and started back with an oath when-he saw a dark form riso to meet him—a form that was essentially foreign. "AniQmb'£'CayalH!" he muttered, under his breath. :.'"'&>, this man ii to alight—tootsmaU. So Mr Vincsnt pro duceaius.trump card !" " What n • your business 1" he de manded, aliiud, and vainly endeavouring to recall til* Italian's fuca to mind. It was ftmiElr, abd yet he could not remember to whom if belonged; but the man kept poraiaU?tly in tho shade of the curtains, mettitfjfpimttg Vincent's lettor on to the tablsnis*.which tho duko was sUndioz. Bo see'tnea' to bo afraid to trust hia voice to speak, and his breistheaved painfully. Tho duke porusod tho note, an expres sion'■fcT'reliaf and sarpriso passing over his faco. , v "Youknow the contents cf this, sir," he asked haughtily. Ttt) Italian inclined his li<wd "It isjjiimpla nonsense," wont on tho duke* **iPooeVincent's mind is wander ing. 5 He calls you a friend of mine, whili I do net even know your name— i havojnever before sot my ey6s npoa you." "j ainfa friend of Theresa Cavalli," the Italian replied. " Ba! And pray what buiineu is thit of none fS his grace demanded, contempt uously. ' " I had almost forgotten such a creature evor had existed. Tha interview is at an end,-sir." "Ko, it is not at an end yet, my lord duk£. L.hav£. come to know why yon desaVted'Thoreto Caralli—your lawful | wife) I har?et)oen a long while tracking you^ an 4 now that we are face to face, 1 wfll;lratfr*3 truth." "'.And *ko and what may you be f" was' the sneering question. "Some broken- hearted lover who dreams of revenge 1 I had expected to meet her brother —pray, sir, who an you 3" "I repeat that I have come to.prove your guilt or your, innocence—or ■ " The man who had called himself Antonio Cavalli buried his face for a moment in the folds of his cloak. Ho was too overcome to speak further. Suddenly ho stepped into the light, tossed aside his hat—snatched away the beard and moustache from hia face, revealing to the duke'i astonished gaze the beautifol (•atom of a woman. ..., _. „__> " Frederick 1" she whispered, " Fied ariek—my; lover—my husband 1 Your r.'ioreso has cone to you. Your Thereae has found you at last 1 Never once have 1 believed the false tales that have been told to mo. I know that you are truo— my grand lover—l know that you are true." She fell upon her knoos before him, her great dack eyes Jail ot passion and pain. " i said that T would kill you if your lovo wore doad,'1 ahe went on; ". but oh 1 Frederick, I lovo you still—l love you stilL . They thought that I was doad. When I heard that you were lost to me— I was impelled by the evil eye of the Englishman who told me tbo awful story —1 was impelled to seek relief in tbo cold riror. But. I was not to die; the sweet waters restored my reason, and I struggled for my life. I was picked up, bat was near to doath for many, many months. But I have lived for my darling, and I have come, I hare eomo 1" Sho was cry in? now, and cliuging to his knees in a frenzy of love and doubt. ," Oh, my Frederick, speak to mo, tako mo in your arms. I am your wife. I will never leave you again. 1 lovo you, my darling—t love you. I have no revenge, it is cold and dead. I have nothing but love, love, love !" Frederick Vansitart, Duko of Medford, bad been in many pesuliar and uncom fortablo positions during bis varied career, but never before had ha felt so bewildered and helpless. Bo had nothing but rage and contempt for tho poor creature before him whose lifo he bad ruined. : " I heard that this was your wedding day," Thereso said. " I heard that this was your wedding-day, my Frederick, but jrou did not know that 1 lived, and I have come back to you, and to your love. I;-alone, urn yonr lawful wifo—your wife in the sight of God and man.'' " Begone, woman !" he said, at last, a fearful oath upon his lips. " Would you ruin me 1 Gj back to lUly. If yon want money—" " Money f' she said, scornfully. " I spurn yonr money. I want your love— I want that which is mine by right I will not go. My place is by your side." She had sprung to her feet, and wu regarding him with flashing eyes. "I will take off these dreadful clothes, and yon must provide mo with dresses suitable for a lady. Find some apart ments for me here. I will not go. Frederick, I will not go." One moment his hand grasped the revolver that was still in his breast pocket, and the light of murder shone in his eyes ; then he turned swiftly toward her, a smile upon his false, cruel face. "Carissimia Mia 1" be whispered, and she leaped into his arms with a glad cry. She sobbed on his shoulder and caressed him with a tenderness that was pitiful to see. VMy Frederick loves me still!" she sighed. "All that was told to me was false, and I shall stay with.him always ; I shall never go away from him again." The duko did not quite relish this declaration, and had quite resolved to put her away from him forever. He was simply consumed with rags. The tangle was getting beyond him. He had never anticipated the ghost of such a complica tion aa now stared him in the face. He pressed his hot lips to the girl's brow, tho lipj that wero breathing hatred for her; and she clung still tighter to his breast. What was he to do ? What was ho to say % How could he dispose of the loving fool? lie pushed her gently away, but she held firmly to him, murmuring— "Kiss me again, my Frederick! I will not leave you. Kiss me again 1" She had her hand over the trigger of the revolver in his breast-pocket, and tightening her hold as he tried to dis ongago himself. Oh! how innocently this fond creature pressed the tonguo of fatal stoel—a smile on her lips the while —a happy light in her beautiful eyes! She shrieked also when a sharp roport broke the stillness, and the duke staggered to a chair, his hand against his breast, his eyes starting from his head. The muzzlo of the pistol was turned inward, and he was shot through the heart. He died without a groan—killed by the hand of lovol This was the duke's wedding-day—he was,wedded to—Death I CHAPTER LIV. THE RISCI.VG OF THE BEUB. Vincent did not employ many words in the story he had to tell the young earl and his two friends. : " I don't want to whitewash myself," he said. " I was false and ungrateful to a gcod master for the sake of money; I wanted money. I was ready to sell my soul for money, but Heaven know* that wu my greatest crime. I never dreamed that my new master was capable of mur der until I mot with tho Italian—a man named Cavalli—who has gone to him this day for justice Ho married Csvalli's sister years ago, then employed a doctor to kill her—to pot her out of the way." 'And Miss Tremayne is still safo I'1 demanded the earl, feverishly. " She wu safe last night" " And why did sho go to the scoun drel's house at all V "He got her father there, then pre tended ho was dying, and Miss Tremayne fell into the trap. His idea is to force her into marriage, and he has arranged for tho ceremony to take place to-day. Listen, my lord; it cannot take place. Caralli will kill him, most assuredly. Cavalti has been tracking him for years. " Then when the duke thought that I knew too much, and wu of no further use to him, he followed me lut night; ho shot mo in the back, took away what money be had given me, beat me with his fists, and I am dying." "There is hope yet," said Dr. All bright" '• If you say so, sir, I have hope," re plied Vincent. " One question," interrupted the doc tor. "How do you come to know me? Why did you telegraph to me J'' "I knew you as Miss Tremayne's friend. I wanted you to come and help har. It was I who found out the retreat of tho earl, my young muter; it nil who discovered that Sirs Temple was Miss Tremayne, aud I got into your house by pretending that 1 had a sister who wished to consult you." " I remember the circumstance," the doctor said. "My friend, you have not tho color of a dead man. From tho nature of your wound, the ballet appears to have entered the pleura! cavity and caused a number of internal hemorrhages. Keep perfectly still until I am able to see you again." Vincent looked hopeful, and a wistful ligut came into his eyes. " You will forgive me, my young master?'1 ho asked. "I played with you when you were a baby, and I have often resolved since I began the bmineu of professional spy, to tell you all.'1 " Vincent, there is one thing that speaks in your favor; you have not spoken one evil word of my mother, the countess. I know everything from her own lips. I forgive you freely." The earl pleased his hand as lie spoke, and the man see mod overcome by grati tude and shame. Ho turned his face away, nnd cried weakly. Sir Georgo Granville summoned the policeman, who wu vainij endeavoring to learn what was going on iniide the room. " We arc going to Mediord Hall," he said, " and you had better come with us. Tbo m.?n who ahot Vincent is there, and you may to wanted. Go downstairs and order a vehicle. Wo don't want a carious crowd at our heels.'1 The ollicer hesitated a moment. His superior officer had told him not to desert his post. " If you delay, wo shall dispense with your services," eaid Sir Georgo. " There ii nothing hero fur you to do ; the man has made his statement to us.1' The policeman saluted in semi-military fashion, and quickly departed. He fan cied that Sir George's tones had a sig nificant ring in them. An arrest was to be mado after all. "Of course, wo must have Medford arrested," the baronet decided, "and thac forthwith. By this means, all his schemes will fall to the ground. We will charge him with murder, or attempted murder, with abduction, and various other counts, which will look very for midable when arrayed in the vague re dundancy of approved legal phrase ology." " Yon will norer arrest him, t;entle mon," broke in tho voice of Vincent. "Ho is dead; I am sure of it. Tho Italian left here a little after daybreak ; ho left here to kill the man who betrayed his sister. Tho new* may come at any moment." .'•-■* _*?'■' In fifteen minutes the policeman re turned, and announced that a four wheolor was at tho door, and tho party wasted no time in starting for the hall. Vincent's belief, and positive assertion of more tragic events, filled thorn with grave apprehension. So anxious was the earl concerning Marian Tremayne that ho could not longer trnit himself to speak. Uis heart was full of mingled fury and dread. As they stepped into the closed car riage, another vehicle stopped at the door, and a voice demanded how the injured man fared. , " I have lett orders that no one is to be admitted to his room," spoke up Dr. Allbright "lam a physician, sir." " Then he U belter. lam the clergy man of this parish, and am glad that ha is not in urgent need of my services. as I have a pressing, engagement at Medford Hall." "And so have we," spoke/up the doctor, quickly. '' And oar business may be identical." The clergyman smiled pleasantly. "You ara friends of his graoe," he said, " and I sea that he has invited yon to his -redding. lam to officiate. I suppose yon are going to the hall now J" " Yes. . I am really glad to have met yon. Oblige by letting your coachman lead the way." " With pleasure." Tho vehicles rolled away, tho occupants of one full of pleasurable importance, the occupants of the other stern and grim, the weight of a great oppression upon them. " Even if the rascally duke's plans aro favorable to himself thus far, we are at least in timo to foil him," Atbol said, with some satisfaction. "I am puzzled how the clergyman and his curate have fallen into the trap. I am sore that the vicar would countenance nothing of a doubtful nature." Sir George Granville eagerly scruti nised the face of the lodge-keeper, as he opened tho gates. The man did not hesi tate to admit them, seeing that they accompanied tho vicar, and there was no shadow upon his features; he evidently believed that all was well with tho duke, and smiled in a knowing sort of way, _ "Good-morning, Adams," the vicar said. " I hope that tho trouble that has befallen the secretary has not upset his grace." "I hope not, sir, and I ain't suro that my lord knows about it yet. The butler did say there was no nood to worry him on his wedding-day." " The case is not so bad as was at first reported," the vicar replied. "The duke's London physician, who is behind, has just left the wounded man." Tho lodge keeper touched his cap to the carriage and grinned. " It isn't a very bright morning for a wedding, and a wedding of our great duke, too," Adams went on, " but we've planned a little surprise, sir, me and the butler, and Williams, sir, and I may as well toll you about it, as his grace may blame you." " Blame mo ?" " Yes, sir. You see, sir, Williams, the professional bell-ringer from Birmingham, is down here visiting his sister, and he got talking mbiiit your peal of bells, sir, and didn't think they could be of any account in this little parish. So the butler lots up and says they are the prettiest in the country, and promised Williams he would eet yon to let him chime them, sir. Well, he showed them to Williams, and we nlanned a surprise, and his grace will have the grandest wedding peala in the world, for nobody can beat Williams 1" At first the clergyman and his curate, who was with him, were annoyed and angry, for my lord had expressly forbid den any bell-riagiog, and his displeasure would bo great It wu two miles to the church, and they were only just in time for the ceremony. To go bask and turn Williams out of the belfry would occupy an hour. There was no help for it, and after all, there would not be much harm done. "This may cost you your place," ho said, severely. "His grace particularly requested that there should be no demon strations until his return home next •priug." The lodgo-keeper looked a little crest fallen. He admitted that the servants wero aware of the quiet nature of the wedding, but the peals that Williams would ring would more than compensate fvr tho liberties they had taken. At that moment tho wintry air was startled by a fantastical prelude wafted Uo-a the church tower that stood upon the hill behind the village of Medford. " That's Williams 1" exclaimed the lodge-keeper. "That's him, air, but what's he riugjng 1" "The man is playing ■ joke apeev asy" the vicar ejaculated, angrily. .. . " More like he's drunk, air. He told us that he cdul4 always ring battar whist he'd had a dfop." * .:'; V The vicar atiaped oat M *B? earriaje, in' great pereletitl, and was joined "by Dr. AUbright and Bir George thsjDTill?,.fcr the air wu now flooded wfcfcaaaaaW.il sounds. Serer had tiw Mb <rf/sVaMar* Church rollicked in thia ridiculous tajihsi before. ■".'- ; "I will instantly discharge the Mffet for giving up the keys without coaaatfaf: nte." the clergymtt fernd. uOm*U men, we had better utomJ to thaawaav and it it to be hoped that hii grwsv?M> not sear the road jing? Awau—?bt sent on horseback to f?t a atop to It" ;< Bat the sounds of jeevaa'ity eaaUealf chanced to ? requiem, afci taw ffear aai kaTcmtuwareshock* wan ?*?■?• declared that a dirga waa a*or*'?|avo priate than • tang of mifth. ' ■■■"■~-/^:„ "This William, whoatarfca nay be, is gifted with a propbetie aotaV* a*?U. - •'Yen surpnae mm, air. The'aaa* moat be drunk, aa* tola Urwa4 tho outrage committed upon the data's •ejretary. Let m m> to the fcaaa* •* oaee. Hit gem ?W be |towiaf a*pa tiaat" • Th? camajai won* -atari* forward, leaving fcVe fuijii aaaaar fcswtfm bapp7taasa 01?i84,a?4 the MM was* teoaiht to tkair eate tfca baaatif a) mi iaiywsahs hyam, - Ha OaaMtfc to Mgt. Sal Barta," lkimti apon On Wh wtt ■Paw? aotaaansjr A shudder na through Athol's very soul What ni the meaning of thai* awful aoundi 1 Did thoy presage good or evil 1 Wore the bells under the control of lome avenging npirit ? Sir George Granville and Dr. AUbright were strongly affcctod, too, but the stolid faco of the policeman never relaxed one iota. To him the bell* were riaginff—that iv all. He merely remarked that " They wern't ao lively like as they was some times I" And now succeeded that thrilling ode to death, which is in itself deathless : " Vital spark of heavenly flame, Quit, oh, quit this mortal frame! Trembling, hoping, lingering, flying. Oh. the pain, the bliss of dying! Coaae, fond Nature, cease thy strife, And let mo languish into life ! Following this was a brief ailonca; thon came the solemn and awe-inspiring sound of the parsing bell, its monotonous dirge striking a chill into every heart. As the two vehicles ncared tho house, half a dozes servants camo forward, among whom was the butler, and tho vicar at oncu addressed him angrily. " Has his grace remarked upon tho bell ringing 1" ho demanded. " The man you have arranged with to ring them is evi dently intoxicated, and some one had better bo sent to stop him." "I think it must be by the duke's orders," the butler replied. " I thought that you had given Williams the order to ring tho passing bell." ' What nonsense are you talking ? Is not this tho duku'a wedding day 1 Here arc several guests, and the bride must bo waiting." " That may bo, air ; but' Sir Tremayno died this morning, and I haven't seen my master sinco eight o'clock. Hois engaged in tho library, in tho west wing, with a foreign-looking gentleman. 1 buliovo that he wants no alterations in tho wedding arrangements, as everybody has strict orders not to mention the death of the old gentleman in Miss Tremayno's hear ing." " Tho lady is well J" the Earl of Lytto demanded, tremulously, for he was now standing at the side of the clergyman. " Yes, sir; I believe so, sir." " Thank Heavon I thank Heaven !" cried the young man, much to the astonishment of the near and the butler. " Come, Granvillo ; come, doctor. There is no need for farther waste of time. Officer, you stand in the hall ready to obey us, if your services arc needed." The clergyman and his curate were simply dumbfounded, and looked appeal ingly at our friends, while the butler put on an air of dignity. " Gentlemen, I cannot admit you until I know your business, and 1 don t think that we've got any use for a policeman hero." "I haven't a card," At hoi replied, "but go direct to his grace and inform him that Lord Lytto and some friends desire to see him immediately." The butler was satisfied, and the party followed him into a reception-room. "Gentlemen," Athol,continued to the vicar and his .curate, " there will be no wedding to- day. Miss Tremayne has been decoyed here against her will by a scoundrol, and that scoundrel ia the Duke of iledford. If you choose, you can stay to sea the villain unmasked—the villain who last night attempted to marker his own servant. Just then thero was a loud yell of horror from one of the servants and the pyipg bell said * "Toll, toll, toll!" (To it Conti*u4d). 