IJLATEST TELEGRAPHIC | COFFS HARBOUR, MONDAY. A very satisfactory parcel of gold, the result of last mouth's crushing at The Beacon gold mine, arrived here yesterday, and was shipped to Sydney per steamer Excelsior. The Beacon manager reports that every- thing is in a flourishing condition. SYDNEY, MONDAY. The football match between Queensland and New South Wales resulted in a draw. One thousand boxes of butter, weighing 25 tons, were sent away by the Oratava, which sailed on Saturday for London. The Island steamer Moresby, which arrived on Saturday, brought news of'the massacre of the captain and four of the native crew of the trader Sea Ghost at the Solomon Group. The victims fought des- perately for their lives, but were soon over- come, being horribly hacked about. The captain's body was thrown overboard, and the remains of the others taken to a village for a cannibalistic feast. The vessel was then. run ashore, looted, and destroyed. The German warship Falk will shortly proceed on a punitive expedition against the murderers. , , Singleton pastoralists suggest that the fairest way to distribute the imported Government stock would be by auction sale. A miser named Harvey, who recently died at Ballarat, left £000 to local institutions, including £3CQ to the hospital, to which he had been refused admission. The,Board of Health has decided to give rewards to Inspectors securing convictions under the Deceased Meat Act. The Intercolonial Tick Oonference adopted the following resolutions: 1. The line to. be from' where the present quarantine line strikes Prairie to some convenient point oh the coast-below Gladstone. 2. From Prairie by a line running southward along the main range until it meets the M'Pherson range on the boundary of N.S. Wales. 3. Along the western railway line from Toowoomba to' Oharlieville, thence by Babbit fence to the western boundary of the colony. A number of convenient crossing places are to be proclaimed along this line, no cattle to be allowed to cross until they have been sub- jected to crush inspection. 4. A line from a point on the main range near. Duganden, at the head of Spring Oreek, to a point oh the coast south of Cleveland. 6. That no travelling cattle from eastward be allowed to cross the railway line between Wallan': garra and Maryvale. A quarantine line to be established along the Rabbit proof fence to Ohlnchella,'on the western railway line, and thence to a point near Auburn, on the main dividing range. 6. When these pro posais are carried out, the existing line along the 148th meridian to be abolished. The Daily[ Telegraphsays if the Opposi- tion refrain from opposing Ministers, it is their own, affair ; but the Government ¡B not under the slightest obligation to assist the Opposition in securing Mr. Barton's entry into the Assembly. - SYDNEY, MONDAY NIGHT. Strauss Bros. tender ' has been accepted for caretaker's quarters afc Court- house, Grafton ; and ' Walsh and ' Kenny's for road contract,' Grafton via Glen Innes to Inverell. V It is anticipated : the uncertainty with regard to " Mr. ' Barton's seat will be dispelled , at an early date. Mr. Lee, the new Minister for Justice, who is seeking ' re-election, ' addressed a a large meeting " atiTenterfieldi'and had an enthusiastic reception. . He made à strong-Federal speech, and said ho would not have taken-office had he not believed in the Premier's sincerity on the subject. He also. referred to the necessity for Queensland coming into Federation. He was accorded a ' unanimous 'vote of confidence. Wragge's forecast is further genial rains under the disturbance "Lanoo," of which ample notice was given last week ; strong squalls from : between N.W. and S.W.; with rising seas : ere 'long south from Sydney; shipping'note tendency to electric disturb- ance; finer weather from the west follows in two days. ?' .? ? ?:? ?' ' , Voluntary sequestration : Ernest ' Conroy, Broadwater, contractor. William Cole has been remanded to Auck- land under a provisional warrant charging him with the theft of £2£3. . The estate of the late Benjamin Richards, of Richmond, was sworn at £62,8C0. The Marine Board reserved its decision in regard to the recent collision between the steamers Narrabeen and Kate. The body of a middle-aged man, ; believed to be that of James "Smith, was. found floating in a lagoon at Manly to-day. There were traces of blood about the nose and mouth. ? . Several push outrages were perpetrated in the suburbs on Saturday night, all the victims being seriously injured. , Several arreBts were affected. 