(PUBLISHED DAILY.) \------------ JUST TAXATION — ECONOMICAL GOVERNMENT— PERFECT FREEDOM OF TRADE. THURSDAY, APRIL 14, 1898. The federal campaign is being pushed ahead vigorously in all the colonies, and gradually the lines upon which those who are for or against the bill are proceed- ing are becoming more sharply de- fined. But whilst the federalists are fairly well agreed, the objections raised, by the provincialists are wide as the poles asunder. The opponents of the bill comprise a varied, if not a numerous, section. Thus we have the protectionists in some of the col- nies afraid because Federation will break down the barriers between the colonies. On the other side the free- traders of New South Wales are in arms because it will, to some extent, mean a reversal of the free-trade policy of that colony. They even go so far as to term Mr. G. H. Reid a renegade, because he is prepared to sacrifice his policy for Federation. In this they are jumping at conclusions, for it does not follow, nor is it likely, tha.t the federal tariff will be pro- tectionist to the degree they would have us believe. It is generally ad- mitted that a tariff which would yield six millions would be sufficient, but that does not necessitate high duties. Of course a protective tariff could be arranged so prohibitive as not to yield even the sum required; but, on the other hand, what is known as a re- venue tariff can be framed, calculated to produce the' highest possible amount from comparatively fetv arti- cles. Mr. Fenton, the. Victorian Statisti- cian, has calcultated that by retaining the mean of existing duties on less than a dozen ai-tieles, more than'three fourths of the revenue required could be obtained. Freetraders in New South Wales admit that by judicious duties on a fow articles, a large re- venue can be 'gleaned, and trium, phantly point to Great Britain as a case in point. If Mr. Fenton is cor- rect, to raise 'the balance of the Cus- toms revenue would not require heavy duties on any article outside those he mentioned. One of the most formidable oppo- nents of the bill has turned up in Mr. Nash, commercial editor of the Syd- ney "Daily Telegraph," who has pub- lished' a series of articles bristling with figures to show that the financial part of the bill is all wrong. Mr. Nash has a financial scheme of his own which is not in the bill, and this may account for 'his adverse criticism of any other. Moreover, he is a great believer in Mr, Cogahlan, and his arith metical calculations, which have been prdved to be erroneous, inasmuch as they'are based on the revenue received. fi'om a number of different tariffs, or rather from the imports under those tariffs; 'vlereas, the imports under a uniform tariff will be very dif ferent. If either Mr. Coghlan' or Mr. Nash want an illustration 'of the dif ference which alterations 'in duties make on imports, they have only to turn to the enormous increase in goods exported from Victoria to, the parent colony during the past.two years. Any, calculation based on Viotorian. ex . ports 'to 'Neav South Wales in 1895, would be all at.sea in 1897; and in like manner, Mfr. 'oghlan's and Mir. Nash's figures are likely to be disproved by actual experience under a federal tariff. We 'have further evidence of the one-sided methods of the Sydney commercial editor in his statements regarding the contradictory nature of some of the sections of the bill. For instance, ha quotes the section declar ing that 'trade between the colonies shall'be absolutely free, and then, side by side, gives a synopsis of the sec tion providing for ear-markling goods passing from one, colony to another during the five years after the ian .position of a federal tariff. This is a cited as 'an inconsistency-but is it so? Is it not provided thatt trade shall be "absolutely free," and the provision • referred to'.is due simply to Noew South Walets being a free-trade port. The \- section is tentative, it will become in operative, like. th8 Westralian proviso, in a few years, after which absolute 6 freedom of trade between the colonies will exist. This style of argument is 6 designed only to catch the unthinldng, 6and is unworthy of the author, as is \- also the taunt to Mr. Reid of deserting . his 'free-trade principles, since it is Swell-knownv that Federation could not \- take place under free-trade, as thIe fis cal necessities of the colonies make it at present impossible. We have referred to this particular critic in order to show the weakness of the anti-federalists, aula the shifts to which they are put to, bolster up a had cause. At one time it is the mass referendum that must be introduced, and at another it is something else; but on the whole it is "any stick is good enough to beat a dog with." On the subject of deadlocks, Mr. Wise has shown that under the bill the two larger colonies, by voting together, could secure a bare three-fifths ma- jority, and his position has been as sailed by an avaancehe of "ifs" and "ands." We are told that if the smaller colonies voted "en bloc," and if the larger one's did not, the latter would be beaten, Which is self-anp parent; and .ill various ways infinite trouble has been, taken to show that there is no inflexible clause in the bill to make New.South Wales master :of the situation. Every "if" utilised by the fearful Sydneyites could be used with equal force by faint-hearted Tas- manians. If our representatives proved false to their colony, or those of South Australia turned traitors to theirs, the state safeguards in the Constitution would be so many willow wands. But we do not anticipate this. The dele- gates Tasmania will send will be rea- sonable men, if possible, statesmen, and above all, Australians, and they will not willingly create friction. It is to be presumed the representatives of the other colonies will be en- dowed with the same broad com- mon-sense as those they sent to the Convention, and that the extreme ma- chinery of the Constitution will seldom be put into operation. If a question, unfortunately, does arise where the small states are organically opposed to the larger, and no compromise can be made, the side which is weaker must go to the wall; but it would be contrary to the practical governing ability of the race for this to occur. The more the objections put forward against the bill are considered, the more flimsy and speculative do they prove. The bogey-monger has found an opportunity, and is anxious to take advantage of it, and a plentiful crop of constitutional spooks, financial ghosts, and judicial will-o'-the-wisps is the result. The wreck of the Antarctic expedi tionary vessel Belgian is an. event that will excite a feeling of regret, and arouse considerable sympathy with Commander De-Gerlache and his col leagues. The promoters of the ex pedilition had a. very uphill task in getting- together sufficient funds. They had to resort to sundry ways of iraising the wind, and it was only after numerous appeals to sym pathisers,' and repeated applications to the Belgian Government for assis tdnce that the monrey was got to gether to buy the steamer. 'Then the cost of fitting her. up for her special mission had to be met, and the project \- was once or tnwice on the point of fall ing. through, but the enthusiasm and energy of the promoters at last.over i came all. difficulties,. and the Belgica set sail on her voyage only to have to return- to port a, few days after through an accident to her machinery. The. members of the expedition took great. pride in their vessel, and so far as their means would allow, fitted her in every possible way for her adven- turous voyage. The mishap which has so suddenly put an end to the project, will, therefore, be a severe blow to them, and also a loss to the scientific world, for it was expected that the voyage of the Belgica would have ad- ded considerably to the stock of in- formation regarding the frozen south. There were those who at the time doubted the suitability of the vessel for the work, and who, contended that she was not strong enough to stand the buffeting she .would receive, and doubtless these folk will regard her loss as evidence of their, superior wis- dom. The disaster will not, how- ever, put an end, even for a short time, to Antarctic exploration, for the expedi- tion financed by Sir George Newnes, the proprietor of "Tit Bits,"' and other periodicals, will shortly start under the leadership of Mr. C. E. Borohgre vinck, whose adventures on a South Sea whaler, which started from Mel bourne a couple of years back, broughti him into prominence. Let us hope that the enterprising Swede will be more fortunate than his Belgic friends, and that he will wring from Antarctic regions some of the secrets which they have.so long kept concealed under their icy mantle. News received from the Yukon gold- fields is to the effect that there is an enormous rush to the frozen gold fields of the north. Every steamer to Dye or other points of departure for the field is crowvded with passengers, many of wnhom will never see the Eldorado to which they are bound, for the perils o.f the passage over the frozen passes of Alaslka are enough to deter any but those of the strongest nerve and endurance. Yet we hear of scores of woman attempting the passage, and the published experience of one of them who was packed like a bale of goods into the car of an aerial Stram, and hauled up and down the famous Chilcoot pass, serves to show that nerve is not confined to the sterner sex. A late American periodi- cal publishes two graphic accounts of trips to the Yukon by river, and over the passes from Dyea or Stiekeen, and neither of them is of an inviting chracter. The presence of gold on the tributaries of the great Alaskan river has been known for years, but it is only within the last twelve months that the extraordinary rich finds have been made. The auriferous area for- merly worked was in United States territory, but the discoveries on Bonunza and Eldorado Crelcs mre on the Canadian side of the border, and the writer makes no secret of tlhe rich ness of the finds. The doings chroni- cled on the Yukon are but a repetition of the old digging days in Victoria. Established fields, where the average miner can knock out from 20 to 200 dollars a day, are deserted in a night at the news of some richer find. Townships and mining camps spring up like mushrooms, and disappear as rapidly, and, although ice, snow, and frost are the normal conditions, they are readily braved in pursuit of the golden idol. The prices paid for pro- visions would make a Tasmanian storekeeper's mouth water, and the precautions taken to, prevent men starting on the trail without a good supply are wise, for, with the excep- tion of the few months when the Yukon is navigable, the means of transit are limited. The Canadian Go- vernment is making strenuous exer- tions to improve transit facilities, and two lines of railway are already pro- jected. Human energy incited by dreams of profuse wealth will ere long conquer the obstacles en route, but it will not alter the climatic conditions, which are of the severest type. The accounts received show that the auri- ferous area is large, and that a great deal of the gold has been carried to where it is found by glacial action. The source from whence the precious metal came has yet to be discovered, but the prospects of a permanent and remunerative field are very promising. The men or women, however, who make a fortune at Klondyke thoroughly deserve their good fortune. 