CYCLING CIRCLES. (BYWHKELB.) Don't forget the eocial on the 2ud August, TicketB, Is each. The road race last Saturday resulted in a win for 4he limit man, Neal, Moore second, Cox third. . . . I see that A. J. Body has been trying to de tract from Bobby Walne's splendid performance by stating that he haB always been paced in his handicap*, and the New Zealander takes all sorts ot credit to himself for pulling Walne through. Budy- is like a good many more, he can't take.a licking. It is a well-known Eeccet (that's a. bit Irish, eh?) that he wouldn't go whacks with Wulne last Austral and his jealous, grabbing disposition made him one of the most unpopular men in Victoria. To-read the "skite" indulged in by Body anyone would think that Walne won most of his money, last year as a handicap rider, but as a matter of fact nearly all his wins were in scratch events. But it just shows the difference between the two men. Some of my readers no doubt were present at Kellow's Austral, and they will remember how Walne paced Kellow in the Austral and tbe M.B.C Plate (Do you remember that, first half- mile. Jack ?). Walne (iike the true sport he is) never once alluded to his own gallant work, but let Kellow reap all the-glory. ' It iB a pity that Body couldn't be a little more like Walne in this respect, but, as the saying is, " You can't make a silk purse out of a sow's ear." Messrs. Harley and Inglis took up the arduous (and,, often dangerous) duties of Leagae handicappers for Northern Tasmania on the 1st inst. I haven't drunk their health yet, but will most likely receive an invitation from both of them early next week. Speaking ofS invitations, Caesar's ghost! Didn't I have a terrible time last Thursday ? I was just getting ready for my.afternoon nap, when (the office boy brought me a big blue envelope, bnt at first I wasn't " taking any," thinking it waB a summons either for "scorching" or for riding (like Joe) without a lamp. But the boy sec my fears at rest by telling me it wns an invitation to a limejuice spread given by the editor on tbe occasion of hatching the new paper. I tell you, lads, I made myself look real spruce, and stuck some bicycle oil in my hair, and I rather flatter myself I created an impression ; and before long I was taking wine with the editor, the devil, and other distinguished members of the staff. I have a hazy recollection of the officer whoae duty it is to see me safely home, saying : " It's all right, sir, no need to open the door with your watch key, it is open "; and I said: " Mush 'bliged, constable (bic), mush 'bliged (hie); I'll do as muah for you some day (hie). What's this I hear about Bunker Baily having joined the Benedicts ? A buttle of wine and a piece of cake for Wor Bee and me, pleaBe Harry, You can't give tbe Chicago people much of a start. . It seems they used to have a lot of trouble (like they do in Melbourne) with the decision given by the judges, and sometimes the judges get a terrible dong. At last it occurred to tbe committee of the Cook County Cycling Association, the leading club of Chicago, that it wouldn't be a bad idea to appoint a tady judge, and ultimately Miss Edna Bean was appointed to the position, with the moat gratifying results, as ' Teddy " Bean (as she is communly called) has given every satisfaction, always citchine tbe first tyre across the line, and sticking to her decision as only a weman can. When I wrote the word " Teddy" it brought to my mind a story I heard a couple of days ago about a little party given by ODE "Teddy." It seems that certain young ladies gave a party, which proved so successful that the young men who had been invited—our Ted was one of them—decided to give a return party. No sooner was this decided on than Ted took upon himself to issue the tickets to the young Iadie9 with BIS compliments, coolly ignoring the other chaps. So, when the settling came, the young men ignored Edward, and left him to pay for the spread. And now - Ted ia devoting himself more zealously than ever to his religious duties, and prays hard that some of those depraved youths will bring their goods and chattels to his shop to be repaired, so that he may get even with them ere he takes to himself wings and flies away, to be forever at rest Selah 1 We were talking about Melbourne the other day, and Joe gave us a few of hii experiences in the great "smell" city. Joe thinks the Melbourneites are too sharp for anything. He was riding along behind a St Kiltla tram one afternoon at a real good bar, when all of a sudden the tram stopped and Joe went flying over the back rail on tothe platform where he landed head firat* and so escaped injury. Before he had got on to bis feet the conductor grabbed him and demanded lull fare for the whole distance. Next please I : It is wonderfnl how the weather affects the sale of sundries. A few hoars of eolid rain for instance makes the streets of Launceaton like a glue pot, and for a few days there is a rare boom in mudguards, and the article which combines usefulness with detachability gets the preference. The Atastral Cycle Agency have just opened another shipment of tbe famous Hallshone guards, which are about the best I have seen. I see that Walne won the Flying Handicap at Charters Towers on Saturday, Frank Beauchamp getting second. 'The Three Miles Championship of Queensland was appropriated by Ernie Payne, Frank Beauchamp again running second ; all on Swifts. The 25 Miles Amateur Road Championship of Victoria was won by Shrimpton; he also rides a Swift' A foreign firm are sending circulars broadcast, offering a variety of gas pipe bicycles at about £7, but I think the lesson taught to purchasers of the type of bicycle has had the dtaire.l effect Moral—Buy a good machine and save repairs. The Kailway road race from South Bridgewater to Hobart on Saturday was a thorough success. The twenty starters were sent away by Mr Tazewell, and, after travelling over a rough road, finished in good time. The winner, J. M'Cormiek, SJjmm., finiElied strongly in 37 min. The next to arrive was J. E. Hughes, 6}min„ who covered the course in the fastest time, viz., SGmin. Tho other-placed men wore E. Birch, 9min, lime S9£min ; E. T. Emmetl, 7imin,, time 38min. lOaeCB; P. Heathorn, min., time 56min. 13secs; J. Fletcher, 8&min.;, time, 40min. 66secs. The prize for the fastest unplaced time was secured by A. Ley, scr., 37 min. The winner rode a machine built in Hobart. The prizes were presented in the evening, when ovi r fifty persons were present at an enjoyable social held at Heatliorn's Hotel. It was decided at that function to form a Railway Cycle Club, to be registered under the League of Tasmanian "Wheelmen. The following officers were elected:—Patron, Hon. A. T. Pillinger, M.H.A ; president, Mr F. Back; vice-preBidents, Messrs. J. M. M'Cormiek, W. H. Lovett, W. E. Deeble, A. Weedon, L. Dowling, 0. C. Nairn, J. J. M'Donald, J. Abey, S. R. Fisher, J. Todd, A. J. Winterson, J. Colvin, A. O. Green, S. Mann, W. Home, C. H. Harrison, J. R. Robertson, E. Parkes; captain, Mr J. E. Hughes ; vice-captain, Mr R. W. Spong; lion, treasurer, Mr G. Whit ting ton; committee, Messrs. P. Heathorii, N. Dodds, H Gibson; lion, .secretary, Mr E. T. Bmm^tt. 