REGULATED OR UNREGU- LATED GAMBLING? Can gambling be abolished ? Can the leopard change bis spots? Gambling has bad to be endured since before any re- ligious denomination now existent was known, and probably it will have to bo endured wbon many of those now exis tent are numbered with the Qsirises, Molochs, Jupiters, Jovos and Odins of the past. When a river is too strong to be weired back and impounded engineers con trol and regulate its flow. As it is mani festly impossible that any laws can bo made for the suppression of gambling, common-sense, analogy and experience suggest that -the regulating principle should be applied. Gambling when unaa sociated with drink or other form, of de bauchery is not necessarily so destructive to soul and body as some of its excited and short-sighted opponents would have people believe. When the gambling mania seizes on a person be will sometimes steal another person's money in order to gratify !iis passion, or with the hope of redeeming losses. But frequent as are the acts of embez zlement, forgery and broach of trust that uro traceable to the passion forgambling,the prosecution and fining of n few totalisator owners are not going to mgkc much differ ence. What is bred in the bone will come out in the flesh, and the evidence is very .strong that a great dash of gambling was bred in the bone of Young Australia. He inherited a good deal of it, and whatever he has done in other directions he deve loped this portion of his inheritance to perfection. And he will go on inheriting it. We doubt if a civil war in which a hundred thousand Australians would be slain and another hundred thousand sent homo sick and disabled would put a full [ stop to the Melbourne Cup. What then . is the use of preaching that gambling should not bo recognised? Gambling I is officially recognised in Victoria. It is I only folly or the wilful blinding of one's I eyes to facts to assort the contrary. The j V.11.0. and tbo Melbourne betting "blubs ( have a standing in Victoria, in-Parliameht { and in the courts of law, stronger by far than many more useful, reputable and de sirable institutions. For a whole week or fortnight every November the powers of rftato in Victoria, from the Governor and Parliament down to the messenger, boys in the Government offices, arc exerted to bring big crowds together at Flemington. This \- is chiefly for the benefit of the droves of so-called registered bookmakers. The lookmakor. and his club are a mighty in stitution in this land. Ho is sometimes over Parliament as when he gets the Upper House to throw out a bill for the legalisation of the totalisator; ho is over the “ unbiassed '* police magistrate's bench as when on the eve of a Melbourne Cup week a friendly prosecution against him is conveniently adjourned for four weeks— that is, till well after the settling day; there is also reason to bolevo that he is behind the Police Department in tbo re peated and persistent and inconsistent I raids and prosecutions of the totalisator men and the totalisator customers, and there is likewise strong reason to surmise that the very Supreme Court in a recent astonishing decision was not unfriendly to this powerful potentate-of the “ loud "suit and the strident voice when the said court >avo its solemn ruling that the proved fact of a bookmaker meeting a person in the street and making a bet in the street was_ not a proof that the said bookmaker was in the said street for tbe purpose of betting! Cos say that gambling and gamblers—turf gamblers—do not enjoy a legal status in Victoria is perfectly absurd. They enjoy such a line status that they ought to be made to pay for it, A pawnbroker has to take out a license, and in their way pawn brokers are most useful and necessary mem bers of society. So are auctioneers, but they have to pay a heavy annual fee. Hotel-keepers have to pay heavy license fees and other fines for permission to do their business; hawkers have to be licensed, and in numbers of other trades, and professions certificates have to be Ob tained and license fees to be paid. But the bookmaker, happy man, is exempt. He can fleece the public without paying.fee or license for the privilege. His worst enemy is the totalisator man. But the; bookmaker besides hib powerful friends whom we glanced at above is so singularly, lucky that be finds friends and coadjutors in the most unlikely of places. He docs not get divine assistance—but he is assisr ted by a go(s many divines. His hands > are upheld and strengthened by the divines of several of the churches against his enemy, the, tote man, If- the divines in question could do anything to abolish; both bookmaker pnd' tote man and the race-course spielers of every description wo would gladly' help them. ' But one" might as weir try'to change the color of, the sky or clothe the, eternal hills in piico and vermilion- tinted grass as to .suppress' and eradicate the gambling instipot -in humanity. The make those who live .by gambling 'pay | something fair being supported, unpro ductive idleness. there-" “fore-bo licensed ahd.a,gopd stiff.:, •age of the through Sv ;be deducted for othormsefiil purposes: licensed,tKo license '£eoißltoi>o : Aevo^ , same fund or funds j'and rigorously; - cute* as sly grog are prosecuted, all professionals' who bet without a license. The : few innocent minded dergymen in Melbourne who pull the strings there and send out instructions ! (o every largo ft ad small congvogafion of * heirs ' round the fcounlry for Hie usual , potations to be signed and sent in against tbe Totolisator Bill, must bo told onoo and for all that though their sentiments and l booms,at© admirable and praise worthy, has beep too long unregulated. It should pay for its owu a litfclp dyer Jo|*6thor pur-: 'poses. "As'for preveiitin& gambling ib. is impossible. We would have to Appoint: one policeman to wat ch every fwo men in the country, and then the chances are that; the policeman and each of the two men! he was set on to watch .would liove their; •“ little bit n with each other for the next! l)erby and Cup. . Strathfieldsaye Shiro Council, and Go-! varnmont Accounts will bo found on our first page this morning. Fourth Page.—Tbo following additional; reading matter will bo found on ■ our fourth, page this morningMining ‘Nows and Notes,; Alining Meetings, Eaglohawk and; Sporting In- 1 tolligonco. - To-day's Events.—Eaglohawk Police Court,i 10 n.m.; holf-ycorly meeting Sandhurst Trustees! Co,, 11,30 a,m.; Revision Court, Town Hall, 2' pan.; City Council, 3 pan.; mooting sub-corn initloo Children’s Ward Movement, Town Hall,! 1 p.m.; moating Minora and Englnodrivors'; Committee,,Town Hall, Eaglohawk, 6,30 p.m.;! Philosophical Society’s .Lecture, Town -Hall, 8! p.m.; Dispensary Board, 8 ' p.m.; Long Gully •Vandcrcrs’ Club Assembly,8 p.m. Mining meet*! mgs.—Shenandoah Co. (Potrio), 10.45 a m.; Carden Gully (Craig), 11.5 a.m.; North John ion’o (Hemnimg), 11.30 a.m.; New St. Mungo ■ (North), 11,30 a.m.: North Shamrock (Petrie). i2.15 pan.; Eureka Extended (North), 12.15 p.m.; Princess Dagmar (Hemming), 12,45 p.m, Carlisle (Craig), 3.16 p.m.; New Chum Coc -olldatod (Norlh), 4 p.m.; -Now Argus (David son), 7.30 p.m. “Tub Mutineer;.a romance of Pitcairn Island,” by Louis Becko" and Walter Jeffery is. !)io latest of Angus and Robertson’s pablica tons. As with anything to which. Mr. Bocke’s \- nmo is attached, tho work is well done. Tho ,tory is told in a most readable style, and is as ixcitingas tho most satiated devourer 'ould desire. Parliament. — Tho discussion, broad or .arrow gauge railways, in hilly and sparsely wpulatcd country, was closed in tho Assembly i.ist evening by tho passing of tho proposed narrow gauge.lino to Gembrook. The Attornoy teneral then moved fclio second’ reading of the’ Vngos Attachment Bill. Coses have occurred where workmen’s wages, wore garnisheed week iftor week by creditors and heavy costs each .imo added by lawyers, so the men's families voro reduced to starvation. In order to remedy his tho bill provides that wages up to £2 por vcok shall bo exempt from, the garnishee, auy urplus over that amount to bo dealt with as .osv. Hon. members generally approved of the '>iil, and it was read a second time and passed' through committee. Tho House at 11 p.m. idjourncd till Tuesday. Cabled Condolences.—Tho Actihg-Govcr ior, Sir John Madden, has sent a cable to tho' •Secretary of State for tho Colonies, condoling >n behalf of Victoria, with tho Prince of Wales ni his tumbling down stairs . and , hurting his I. nee, • , The Totalisatou,—At a mooting of tho Warrnambool Racing Club' a resolution _ in ;Vvvor of tho totnlisalor was carried unanim ously. Reference was made to the fact that petitions from churches, opposing tho bill, voro being presented to Parliament, and it was looided to proparo a petition for tlio general public to sign, asking the Legislature to sanc ,iou tho introduation of tho.machino, and fur ihor to request otlior clubs to, move similarly '.a tlio matter. 1 and Board. —A Land Board was LeW by Mr. M. Mneoboy, Land Officer, yester dor. An application by.Louoy. Ah Wong for 3 acres at Norring, under section 99, ! for garden ’ purposes, . was recommended subject to the consent!*of tho Mines dopwrt uunt and an approved survey. Joseph Coyne applied for 2a. lr. 24p., Muntly, tor a -residence area, and Sarah Gdyho for 20 acres, Sandhurst. Both applications were re commended" provided there were no obj ic l.'cns by tho Mining department. City CouAt.—Messrs. W. Webb and J. W. Paul presided yesterday. James Red foi.m and Henry James were charged with tho larceny of a revolver, a pipe, and a quantity of provisions, tho property of Mr. William O’Lougldan, of TarnaguUo. Tho accused were arrested at Strathfieldifayo, the previous evening. Inspector Murphy asked for a remand for a week for tlie purpose of procuring the attonjdonco of tlio prosecutor, the remand being granted. Ap inobnklo was cautioned and dischargedi Measles. Reeder Bros, sued W. G. Storey for £4 10s, ixl., an order’being made for the amount, with 15a. 6d. costs. Dealers’ Troubles.— A couple of “mari ners” ventilated their troubles in the - City l o’ice Court yesterday, Thomas Turvay summoning Natlian Bear r for having used insulting words in a public place, •on the 14th inst., also for illegally detaining n number of bottles,, valued at 2s. 2d. Mr. Robert appeared for the complainant, and Mr. Kirby for the defence. Turvey de posed that on the date named he tooifc a quantity of bones and bottles to Bear’s msrme store, in Bridge street. After tlio bines had. been weighed •• and tlie bottles counted by Mrs. Bear, Mr., Bear appeared on the scene, and siiid to a man named Ahoanddr Thompson, who wns with Tur vey, “That will make us square, as yeti'owe, me 4s,” Turvey- denied that tlte goods be ]r>j.ped to Thompson, and forcibly look away the' bones again. Turvey asserted that defendant called him a rogue, a vaga bond, and a gaol bird.' Turvoy’s evidence; was corroborated by Alexander-Thompson. For the defence it. was denied that" the in sulting -words, were used, mid assorted that' the goods were-sold by Thompson, Turvey having notliing to do with .the transaction. The cases wore dismissed; each party to pay their own costs. • Btrathfieldsavb Council's' Officers.— At a mooting of the Straihfioldsayo Council yesterday afternoon, the following report, signed by Cr. Samuels (president), . Craiko, and Lowndes, was read:—“Having been ap pointed by yon to inquire and report to you on tho duties • of your, officers and .whether ft' ro-adjustinont of tho olfioos of clerk of works and secretary would effect, greater efficiency in tbo management of theshiro, now sub mit the following report:—1.- Tho com bi nod duties of tho olork' -pf works, secre tary, , rate collector ; and valuer are too onerous for your present officer, oven- 'with an assistant secretary. 2. .In order to most efficiently carry put .the duties of those offices enumerated above, tho work should bo divided between n competent engineer and. a, secrotaty, but ns this division and tlio appointment of an' engineer would entail a: much larger expendi ture in salaries than tbo roven.no would justify', wp recommend- that the present .secretary and clerk of words bo relieved of . all secretarial duties, and that his sor viccsbercUuncdas clerk of works and valuer., 3. "That.tbe present as sistant secretary bo appointed secretary and .rate collector, and that bo perform such other, duties os aro required in tho Local Govornmont- Aot except those specially allotted to tbo clerk of works and valuer, and that such •steps be taken, without further delay, as willlcgaliso tlio appointment. 4,Tl>atthc.f3.a}ary of . tho clerk of works : and valuer ’SliaU I>o'/~£100 - -por; annum, and tho secretary and ratocollecjor ; £100 per annum. ' 5. That in .the pvorit of ono or both of' tlio officers . affected by the altera-, tions and changes recommended herein failing to agree to the suggested changes or refusing to accept tho appointments under tho condi tions as set forth, then werceommendThb ap pointment of a competent engineer- at* snob »• salary asyou may deem ’adequate 'and , neces sary." . *Qii tho ' motion 1 of Cr; Samuels it-,was decided to icayo’Uhc'' repbii hfy pb’.'.tho'tablo. untiltho n^tmpo.ti^'p((tb'6'.bpujBciI^’ > ; / Destruction ; Pf! tlie ypsto.al.ay • Cr,/ , Samuels (president) brought under the .notice of tho counelhtbo fact that-a large.number of ■ saplingswero-being .,on ; ;thp rpadsJn; tbbshire, and suegostejthat steps'. bo:takon fo diminish fcho-ovil... (Cr. Graiko ; “ Then hang all tho woodcartpra.” I*anghter)- : ;Ho -thought they might induce tbo poliqp- to'takb aotioni There was a'standing reward of £2 for the' conviction', of any persph’fpr. editing saplings; Cr. Yonng : should incrcasc.thp,re>vard te:' £5 or £10 ”; Cr. Abbott' tbought;jLbo^ '■ ycvyartl; was largo pnmigb,,’ Tlio nidu might bp, only, finod 2fl 6d, and' tho, council .would Ihoq.bpvput toconsidorabld expense. Cr. Abbptt.-said'the trees on tbc rcsorvo at Pup Tree Iliil wero cut by lamplight. In tho night tiiiio the lights could bo,scon -moving amongst-tho trees. He moved thatjtho attentioh of tbd sypormtondont of policif an'd Grown bo:callcd;to' ! th.o Thpiprcsidput seeondod'tbo motion. 1 andifc waScarried.- a - /The “Saored NuqgET."—Unfortunately (Isays a! KdlgPdrlio, telegram) no poufirmation has bedh rcdoived;of thp.dpws of tlio;Bc;iKationaI • Qnd'pf dn diluvial gol3 sliic/aK Kanowiid. iho atoiy, is-not/creditod atKaigddrho _ ago tho* tall isolated troo of 'Gnd Tree Lull and; wbiph gave that,ominonep ite,name, was out* idown/by Ho was very •heavily Qnpd jin tiio'pf heej£Ourt,.aud wo bohovo; 5thafc iGb ghost ■ bostovor Stratixfioldsayo Gouncil planted 1 - andthor treo Uic .tep. of Uio jull a land mark... Un forthnnlcly thc arboricdltux'al artist.- >that blue: gum—a trce which ourv thrives m-a low, moist situation. The natural result followed; as to ; tiiopoafc of tlio Bendigo ratepayers it. followcd on tho city heights in hundreds of- instances.: The tree has-grown to'a fairly good hoight; and MOW it IB dying from waul Of' moistutcl'And: 1 manure. Tho matter was brought boforctho StratlidoldsayoCounoUyestorday.by'UioroV' lowing: loiter from boon in formed by M A J, Q, tree pianMon\Opo of replacing dho; treo -tliafc; gayo. jo t4io jj{jui' itB ; distinctive-n'anuvis in.a a matter for great Boniptbiiig may bo, d6no > to;-iiaxo . -If., not to replace : lt while thoseason allow* of ouch being-. done.” . Cr- Abbott moved Unit tbo . clerk ’ of works!. Interview - the,, street trco.puratQrof Bendigowith a’ yiow oC planting a'Bnllabio4te«o,; Ho Baidllio’.trjWf woa now dying wite and blue ganl.and wasnot In-, digonous to itesurrouridings. Anyironbark or; a box treo woold:gro\y-who.i’o a-bruagbm bbuliiL not live. < Hp)(d*Q 3<taK tnto • bo planted bn tHb silo of thd ongiiiahQim #rijp,' which, although near -tho apex oj^ ! tho lijill; seemed to go fa goodsupply ptmoiatnre.; ,Thc motion Was cnrHcdr • > rjf » /; [ [l i/ ; Dogs or Foxes, or At tUb-mceting of tho Stralhfloldaayc Council yesterday .letters wore read from Mr. H. A. 'Hancock and Jos. Ward, overseer of Foilnolougb ;EBtato,';Axo. Crook, complainings that tboirshocp'irad-boon worried nna klltod for months-past by’.wbndoiV ing dogs, and asking that tbo eouncil enforco the provisions bf-tho Dbg’TnxAct > Or. Gralko ‘ said of/the • vrtndorfngi dojp bad beensomething tecciblo during :fifO past six months,:and.ha was of opinion Uiat tbo Apt should ho enforced right away;'; When ’ the .sheep wore worried 7 hr tho plac(?; dnring; tho night,- it was' time that somotlung woa dono, Tho dpgs thot cause the troublo- did. not belong to the..locality v They, follpfwed the; wood carte from Bendigo. The hoßtJtbing jo do was to dcstroy thorn. Ho moved that'. the., attention^of Uio clerk tho matter, and tliat ho bo instructed to tako raoro stringent- measures to put, down thodogs, Ho, would like to keep sheep—ho had V’good pad-' do.ek-but it was.ho’ nao attompting-it, becanse two losses wouW more tlmn-eountbrdmlapco g-iiy profit ..that could bo mpdo. , Cr. -Lowndes, 9econdod t})o niotidri.'Ho‘WaB cortein tiiat local. dogs wore not causing t|io trouble, Unfc dogs that - followed wood carte out. Tho 1 president (Cr. Samuels) said limy inul power to destroy the dogs in accordance with the provisions of tho Act, Mr; Code (dog inBpeotor)aaid- that tlio dogs that killed tho sheop canio from-BendigO: with wood cartel's and sportsmen. -He hod suf fered by the loss of sheep; and Mr, laiiarus luid' lost fully 100 sheep only rocently.'VHo: would on force the Act, although it was notnny way pleasant Ho could not destroy.a dogif -it was with its owner, bufc, if they wont bn their property... Cr. Somer ville said no blame' could bo attached - to ■, the' inspector. He had .been iostrucledhotto en force tho Act too .strictly, ns tho.dogs would keep down the rabbits. Ho boliovc.d the foxes, worried the sheep ns much ’ as thtf dbga,-' Cr. Burns considered. that for every sheep killed; by the dogs the foxes destroyed fully 50 .lambs. Tho motion was carried. Our Railway Visitors.—The .Victorian Railways Mutual Benefit Society Intend holding their monster annual picnic this year- in Bon-, digo. Tho picnic comes off , in'the'month of October. ' Burglaries at Minks.-— During the lost few. days a couple of mines have been visited by nocturnal visitors, who, howcvor v havo been but ill repaid for.tboir trouble; A-nigbfc or two ngo tho office attho-South Belle Vue mine, Golden, Square, wns broken 6pon : and 10s stolon from a drawer. Tho office' was thoroughly ransacked, tho burglars evidently expectingJto .drop'on tho wages bag or some such collection oj!. coined metals and negotiable paper.. Qn Wednesday ovening’tho office of the Johnson’s Reef’Ex-; tended mine, California Gully, was entered by burglars, mid tho whole place turned topay turvoy in the search for valuables, A rumor that thcro word some-rich specjmenS.in the office was no doubt the cause' of tho visit.. Luckily tho rumor was without .foundations, the speci mens having-been taken to the- battery. An entrance was effected in both instances by breaking n pane of. glass and unfastening tbo window; .. . ■ ..■•••- • Militia Athletic Club.—An athletic tournoment to decide the championship of tho olub was, hold at tiic Orderly Room last oven-?. ing. Tho tournament afforded proof ,of what can be achieved in athletic exercises oven with comparatively short training. Tho! perform ances of thcr members were highly oroditahlo, and worthy of any gymimsium in the. colon)’. There wore ten events to bo competed for m order to gain, championship honors, namely : Tho rope exorcise, scaling platform,''horizontal ladder, Vertical-ladder, horizontal bars, parallel bars, vaulting horse, Romhn rings,'ground tum bling and-club swinging; The prizes wore thochampionsbip of'the olub for tbo year, and a gold nuuliil valued at £2 2s for the competitor gaining the highest points, silver medals tor tho second and third places,, money prizes fpr - the jfouVlb, fifth and sixth places, in addition to money prizes - ; for tho first two men in every event.’ The possible number of points was',4o The succesaful competitors wore:—-First, and. championship,.VALauco : Gorporal. MeEio - (28 points) ; Buglo#_ W. Horschol . second ; Sergeant Soutlihy, was'third; Patinson fouvtii, I?nvatc Stein fifth and .Private .Brown Sixth. MeEio when, the ro sulb-wns ann’ounceu was heartily'congratulated, upon his well deserved. victory. -,;Tho.. judges were Captain Thompson and Dalby, Lieutenant Pbndlebui7 and Messrs. B. Rodgers and Guy Hill, and their decisions, throughout, notwith standing many of the results wore exceedingly , close,owing to.tho keenness of tho competition, gave the utmost satisfaction. A most profitable and pleasurable evening was spent by all pre sent Miners’ Association.—Tbo fortnightly meeting of the committee wns bold last evening, , the vicc-prosidont, Mr. J. Correspondence.—From J.' Praod,., secretary A.M.A. of Victorio, acknowledging tl)p receipt of resolutions carried at the committee’s last mooting in rofereneb to the ventilation ques tion, the appointment .of nn additional, mines ' inspector for the district, and the accident at the Comet mine, and staling that under instruc tions from the executive committee ho had for warded them on to the Minister of -Mines From same, stating that lie had received a- reply from the Secretary for Mines .and Water .Supply to tbo effect that! tlio flrst matter wns being dealt with;. .that .the' second matter was under consideration, and that inspector of mines’ reports could, only, he :mado public when produced us evidence in n court of law. ■ Received.— secre tary (Mr. P. Phillips) rcported .that during the; fortnight 19 hiembors had been declarcd.on, and 14 off the funds. The expenditure £93!5s lOd, included £B9los accident pay. Received secretary reported that tho AVateon’s Fund com mittee met on Tuesday ovohing, when '£7oTos (sick pay) and £7 donations were passed for .payment. Two members had "been put on the funds. A donation of £2Qhad boon received from lhACity Council. Rocbived, and a vote of thanks passed .to the council for its handsome donation. The ordinary shillinglevy for tho Wnteon Fund was made'payable, on! , Saturday week. In oqmpiianco with a rosolur tion . carried at - the last hiccUng Aho , secretary submitted a list showing that ft voiy largo-num ber of the mines (43)— including pL-..the, largest ones—were withoutistewardk; ; Tbo list ■ was gone through, Taiid tiie committco! 'decided to try. and arrange- fqr. lhe. .appbintniont of stewards. Tho secretary stated that .at some ot, the mines ho had tried; but could n'ob got, any,, of tho men to act ns stewards. . ' ' . r ; Half a Million.—Pi-oi>erly valued.at- over half a million of money was left/by the late Mr. John Lang Currio, a . wbll-known pastbralist ; Ho died at his town fesidqnbo, .‘‘EUdoh,iGrcy street, St Eilda, on-March 11' last, Antk-was; a : very old colonist ; the time of hismmval in'Vietoria,in 1841 to the date of lijs demiso; lie; was closely identified with squatting.;ahd land owning. Ho was the owner of several -large ; ni-oportios in the Western district, as wcll ns in. Now South, Wales and ';QnccnBlftnd;t' TlisTira . monso estate is divided -between -his; sons;and daaphtora-nndotiiorrralaUvcs.wiih jlho .excepr tion of somo small;benofaclion's for ian Churc^purpoMs;';; , MATRiJfONiAti—On WedndsdayA' Wiy'prctty" and interpsting^^iharriago^wos cplbbrated lil Stt .Maty:? Church, Ejin^ar6'd'!@rdt-Tiio‘ contract^. ing partios, w'ora Mr. J.bhn Haneock Brcen, of . \- Lake Nornrig, - and> ■ Miss EvavrMeColp'ugh;! youngest'daugiitor ; '6f,'tbo.-idato-' Mr. P,\' McColouch, ot Jiangarab Flat. ',The ohiircb,; ; which imd hc'orf lady friends of the bridc,;j.ncluding,..a(^weddihg : belt, with the., Jnitialsr of : tho hade- jagd. brides; erboni, wds ‘crowded.: .The ' semcoA'waaieon dpeted by tho daugliter of tho lalo-Mr. GeorgeH. Hbbsoni presided , at tho qrgan .most effieiontiy.. Her rcnditio'h ,/ bC J th6v ; ‘ < Jtibilaht 'Marab''* oh - the en trance of Ilia-wedding of Mohdclssobhfff' “ Weddihg:Marcli ”, at*the attehtiph, Tlio bndpf wife dispy by^ihor : '.Otf lcaying'tho. tiid Mw, - fatten,ded Aijt Urn, Rev. rE/H. Scoit, Ay.lVd<Un;:fbMei€onB terms:.proposed and from* dii intiraato knowledge extending, 'pvpr ,,Tlie. happy- couplpiloftj f6r>Mplhoiicno by -tho -3.20 ‘ [t^ainv. tat:lho r .i^iBdhoS v 6fAMlfe'?i : McG and ’ ohi. ;Tup;hndbsteaidsAY^.thA;Mis's ; McGbl^ ofv'bho htidbfe^ *EUh|(ai'.' dnd\ltpitA ‘Md(%ldngh; v th.o fbndb.TJjO :dbpaiitra6hti--Mel ibourne;-Mr.AA. 'i‘ Tho'brido’sfe'oatdmb;wMiAhand l dfwhitoBilk',AnotoM^ith,:^albhojo :booh;woni Trio'ridB: : ',? ; white .dr^SM'tirii^'e^ baskete;:woi?o cbuplo^received a;largd/humbbi:.o^ Probatei t^o?^wills; oftho lato PatrickJ. Dee him; *'£l34s;. ahd f : ftoijng lnquiry yesterday after noon ; i,iito thfi of; Robert Williams; To y'barsj Afro/. dead:at b^’w^r’; 4b«>c<VWatUil.;t^he,'.‘life pfovtonk ‘ cwy. u ' 8or : geatj fc :Ki|) fijtlie a »iil M* - domrCStbl tt: .Ala rt MidTf b'f .Tho ;hiewciHv.bv*don^ dcalliwaap^.rSght-luhg,; Ayer rdict ia.aeqordaheo • AviUi tho ■medical. .oyidoneo was,returned. -, :, » ■"••/.; ; •>. , , v State Schools.— Tho Board of Land and Works yesterday accepted r tho following ten ders Now roof, repairs, lininting, old., State .kcbbolNo. 299; Harcourt,P. Thomson and Son, '£4B ; robaire, painting, etb., Stated school No. A, N. Collier, £l6lOB ; ropoire, No...33l7^JC<c>lghftrdfo; £6ol7s 6d, ;;" '■; : : ' ' ~ ■ The , Great Britain A(K)i dent.— Tho ; yohhg-mUn, Alfred Bowden, who was injured; by afallof earth in UioGrqat Bcitnhi mine last; Saturday morhing,jiadif tho hospiUl; \ His back is./broken, ‘ and tlio case is looked upon as >Ho >Ho im, however, doingas well ns can-: bo expobtod. Bate last night it was reported ; Bmt.lio.wasa little bolter.. : \< ■ ■■ i Rowan street Primitive Methodist, Churou.— On Wodnesday night a musical and olocutionary?ontortaiinnont arranged for by Mrs :T. Hall,.ana presided over,. )by , ; lno : :Koy. J.. T. Kearns,.came'off most: successfully. Tho fol lowing programme was admirably —- Pianoforte ?solo, ' Miss Kearns; quartette, Messrs. Blekorton,Warrcn.MelroHo and Stevens ;■ recitation; Mr.,Apted; song, Miss Nicholson; fthto solo,.Mr. Trengovo; song, Mr. BieKorton; rcoltntion, Mr, Pu?coo; song -Mr. Andrew; /violin solo, Mr, Rosa; song, Mrs. T. Hall;; .At ; thjsStogb in tho proceedings, Mr. Follows gave Some amusing illustrations of his power as a. voptnloquist,..which elicited warm approval. Tito second part of tho' prograufrno tlibn corii-. ;monpcdTr.B°UK toy Mias JjansOll; recitation, Mr. -Orbig;song, Master.'J, Hughes ;duet, Mrs. T.. Holland Mr. A,mtrew; recitation, Mr, Pascoe, With thoexeeptioA of two prithreo. items, Mips Kearns jhlayed ' tlie neepmpai i imenta. Despite! the rain,'\ho attoftdanco was good; tho proceeds at sixpence admission being £4.25, Myra Kemble’s Comedy Company,— Miss Kemble’s dramatic Company, .will commence a season of six nights, at the Royal Princess . Theatre oh Monday hoxL. Oh, tho first two evenings 'the famous farcical comedy,.,Dr, Bill," will bo Btngcd. wbiohis.so Well known for dts, jnirth-prbduomg and comical situations. On Wednesday and Tliursday tho attraction will bo "TTip-AlhainbraGirl,” a farcical comedy bow to most Bondigojfiians, while oh. the. following two nights“ Tho Lights of London” wilt bo played^ ; Bbndioo Philosophical Society.—'This Avenihg Mr. A. T. Woodward' wdll deliver a, lecture in the town hall entitled, “ Human Form and. .Human' 'Deformity.” Though not tho lecture' announced in tho... sylla bus it should bo equally inslruetivo, and judging by .a synopsis of it sonio useful prac ! tical hmts plight to bo obtainable. Tho musical lirogrammp includes items by Miss Hanson-, vnarhbt And: Miss Short and Messrs. Andrews, McFarlaho, Stephens, Wbitulock ahd_ Coope., As usual admission will bo free, everybody being cordially invited. , Obituary,— Tho friends of Mrs..lS.' J. Krohk bf.Ncalo street, will rfigrbt to hear of the death of her only dftuglitcr'(fJcllolta). Sho was only 17 years of ago, and contracted fever tli.rqo weeks ago, and died on Tuesday morning. The funeral, which was largely attended, took place oh Wednesday afternoon to the Bendigo Ccrac tory, and tho "Von. Archdcacoo MiieCiillagh olllelated at tho grave. Mr. T. Sayor was tlio under taker. . 