Citerarp CDiKDat. From Cole's Book Arcade comes Mrs. C. N, Williamson's " A Woman in Grey." It is a creepy combination of circs, with now and then a nerve-tingling thrill. Rising fat and bulky with the inevitable murders it is mordaciously melodramatic in parts. "A Woman in Grey" scarcely touches the level of the " Barnstoniers," but is of the kind that sell well— which will probably please the authoress in the main. A ghost and a tiger lend artistic verisimilitude to a sensational plot. H. B. Marriott Watson, the New Zealander, lias put together a vol. of his earlier tales to be published as " The Heart of Miranda." Pierre Loti, the famous French novelist, is at present in Spain on a visit of sympathy to the Queen Regent, whose personal acquaintance he enjoys. S. R. Crockett is also in the land of toreadors and grandees, on a walking tour. Williams of The Windsor Magazine has vacated the editorial chair in [favor of Arthur Hutchison, an Oxford man, formerly on the staff of The Illustrated London News. Readers of Mrs. Coulson Vernahan's medical novel, "Trewinnot of Guy's," will be interested to learn that Trewinnot is largely intended for the late Arthur Dacre, who with his wife (Amy Roselle), suicided a couple of years back in Sydney. Dacre was for some time a medical student at Guy's, London. Rumoured that Guy Boothby, with his wife and miniature Guy, will visit us sometime in 1899, Stanley Waterloo, Opie Reid, Stephen Crane, Colonel Savage, and A. C. Gunter (of " Barnes of New York" fame), are amongst the American authors who have caught the spirit of the war god and volunteered for service in Cuba. Conan Doyle is breaking out into verse with a volume called " ^"•lgs of Action " to be published shortly. Richard Harding Davis's " The King's Jackal " will be published by Heinemann. George Meredith's " Nature Poems" have been book-formed, and will reach Australia in a few weeks. Mrs. Hnmphry Ward's new novel, " Helbeck of Bannisdale," was published in London on June 10. A slab from " The Year Book of Australia," the productions of the Australian Press during 1897, were not remarkable either for quantity or quality. The publishing trade had, no doubt, felt the full force of the prevalent depression. There were many publications of more or less practical value, but there was no new development of original genius in poetry or prose. Still, there are quite enough to show that Australian literature maintains a steady progress in all directions. Books for the week include—" Phillippi, the Guardsman," by T. R. Threlfall; " The Western Avernus" (new ed.), by Morley Roberts; " Wanderers," by Sidney Pickering; " Mrs. Bouverie," by F. C. Phillips; " A Fountain Sealed" (new ed.), Sir Walter Besant; Du Maurier's " Social Pictorial Satire ; " " A Philosopher's Romance," by John Berwick; "The Juggler," by C. G. Craddock; "Where Three Creeds Meet," by J. C. Oman; " The Concert Director," by N. K. Blissett; " Her Ladyship's Elephant," by D. D. Wells; and S. R. Crockett's " Standard Bearer." That inclement wag, MR. CLEMENT WRAGGE, the clever Q. Weather Prophet. THE CRITIC offers no apology for printing the photo, of that clever Queensland meteorological genius, Clement Wragge. His splendid forecasts have found him a continent of admirers and followers. Some time ago THE CRITIC published a view of Sir Charles Todd, who is Mr. Wrange's rival, arid this paper now feels it has done its duty to the respective weather camps. Concerning "The Nigger of the ' Narcissus'" —Joseph Conrad's sea-saturated fo'k'sle yarn— THE CRITIC, be it remembered, rose from its perusal with a Sunday-school air of benign satisfaction, and recommended it to its readers when contemporary book- slaughterers howled at it with fine scorn. It is satisfactory to note A. T. Quiller-Couch (" Q" of fiction fame) writing to the Pall Mall Magazine thus :— il Had I to award a prize among the novels of the season, it should go to Conrad's " Nigger of the ' Narcissus.'" . .He squeezes emotion and color out of it to the last drop. . . Ha is ferociously vivid; he knows the life he is writing about, and flings his knowledge at the reader in the truculent fashion we are all growing accustomed to. But he knows the inside of his seamen, too; he is no mere counter of buttons. And by consequence the crew of the * Narcissus' are the most plausibly life-like set of rascals that ever sailed through the pages of fiction." This paper always entertained the idea that Pearson's Weekly Mag. was run by a smart crowd, and that idea is strengthened by the appearance of Pearson's Colonial Library, which turns out vols at Is. 6d. and 2s. 6d. quite equal in appearance and contents to other pub- lishers' stuff at 2s. 6d. and 3s. 6d. R. H. Sherard's "The Iron,Cross" makes its appearance in Pearson's series, and a rattling good yarn it is. Sherard, the versatile, has revelled in his narrative — a hidden treasure in an obscure French village. As a " special" correspondent this scribbler has particularly bright facilities for probing things at first hand, and he makes the most of his opportunities. No apology is needed for the recrudescence of W. Clark Russell's tale of mystery and excitement titled, " Is He the Man." Published originally twenty years ago its freshness loses nothing in the count of time. As a spinner of sea yarns Clark Russell is facile princeps; this one, however, details, with embellishments, the story of an unhappy marriage. The author prefaces it by saying "the reader will not of course accept it as Clark Russell's, but as the composition of a jolly young waterman of that name who flourished twenty years ago at Ramsgate, where he wrote this and other stories which a later Clark Russell is extremely pleased to know are entirely forgotten." And he naively concludes, "I will not say that this book is good ; but—it may be read." THE CRITIC presents his photo, herewith. Publications include—"John Holdsworth, Chief Mate," "Wreck of the Grosvenor," "The Lady Maud," "A Sailor's Sweetheart," "The Frozen Pirate"' "An Ocean Tragedy," "My Shipmate Louise," " The Emigrant Ship," "The Convict Ship,"' "What Cheer," "List ye Landsmen," &c.;, &c.;, and "The Book of Authors." Douglas Sladen — one-time Professor of History in Sydney University—editor of " Anthologies of Australian Verse," " Who's Who," and the Lord knows what beside, has published a novel, " The Admiral ; a Romance of Nelson in the Year of the Nile." Joseph Hocking's new novel, "The Scarlet Woman," is announced. The author has been scouring Jesuit monastries in Ireland for the motif of the story. 