ITEMS Of INTEREST. A farmer on the Tweed River was fined £15, or fourteen days, for the care-<*> less use of fire on his property. The amount of the fine is a warning. The alternative 'nim'sliineiit is a puzzler ! A recent police-prosecution of a cyclist, for ridiug without v light on Princess Bridge, Melbourne, was pro ductive of foiiio humor. Tho police man swore that, when ho felt tho Jainp, it "? 8 q u i te co ' u — nat * not oeeu lipbted. The evidence proved that the rider bftd no lamp nt all ! # "What a funny constituency Bathurst if, to be sure ! Suttor wns first beaten by Cortis, and nt the neit election tho tables wero turned ; then Pnul bent Suttor, and at the following election Suttor beat Pnul ; then Smith beat Suttor, and in July last Suttor bent Smith. The electors arecluttons lor n change. A now nlloy has been discovered ivhich is saiil to bo a wonderful sub ilituto for gold. I.t consists of 94 parUof copper to six pnrts of antimony Tho copper is melted, nnd the an timony is mlcled, together with a littlo iniigin-siuui and earbonnto of liuio to increase tlio density. Tho product can be drawn, wrought, nnd joWered liko the precious nutul, to which it bears a striking resomblanee when polished. The cost of manu facture is about ls a pouud. # m Thero passed through Gundagai last week, n shearer, carrying his swng, looking lor work, and in very straitened circuniHlrances. Ihirty jears fl(*o this young man's father, now tod and almost forgotten, was one of the ivcsltliieHt fcquattcrs in N.S.W., o-vnedaud raced several horses, nnd jlVajs drove his wifo and family to the races in an imparled English drag, drawn by four beautiful-looking anil upleudidly-broil bay horses. The turn out ivns valued nt 1000 guineas at tho time. But drought, drink, and dissi pation soon settled this wealthy squatter, and ho died penuils?S somo 18 vear? ago. ?? ?? ? Cup-drrnmers, and peoplo who nro influinced by superstitious circum stances, tared very bndly in connec tion with tho last Melbourno Cnp. Hero ia one case : A well-known sport nt Tenteriield, who likes to havo his "bit ou" in tho Cup, hit upon a novel idea for gettiiiu a tip. .During tlio first week of October ho put a setting of tliirteou cgij-s undor a hen, having previously written upon each tlio uinno of a favourito horse for tin Cup. On the 2-lth till tho eggs were hatched, except tho ono marked "Merloolas," which contained a dend chicken. "Thero," said tho genial Bport, "Merloolas is a dead bird. I ' will back him," uud so ho did and lost his " bit." * ?? Joaquin Miller, ' the poet of the Sierras,' who recently returned to his home nt California from-Klondyke, is preparing for hi 3 death. Ho has built his tomb ou his ranches in the Pruitvillo-Hills. It is also a crem atory, md is so arranged that after the incineratou tho ashes of the poet will bo blown nil over the JFruitvillo Hills. Tho tomb stands at the back of a little hill near his home, and covers a space of exactly 100 superficial feet. It is built of 620 huge boulders cemented together by skilled hands and woudrously durable. A few feet from the tomb is a brown boulder weighing over a ton. On its smooth f?co is painted the words 'To tho Unknown,' nnd the poet declares that no wants to ho forgotten, as his poems will be. * * The world has now two historical pictures in its gallery. Tho German Emperor nt tho tomb of King David and .Napoleon before. Sphinx of Egypt. Mark Twain also visited the tomb of Adam, and made appropriate reflec tions. The Emperor is said to bo the first Christian who fins been allowed to visit tho tomb of David since 1100, co, perhaps, now thac the ice has been broken, it will become tho fn?.iiou to make a pilgrimage to this spot nud "?u a . feW bit? oE stouo amJ writo Bill Smith" nud " Arriet 'Awl-ins" about the placo. The cable does not env whether the Kaiser wroto bin name up or not, probably not—the fUiser is a gentleman ; but if the Ucknoy tourists flock to David's totnbaud make up tho arrear of years since 1100, David's ghost will llee in horror. #*# A new mode of identification ! On Saturday last nt tho Murrurundi Dis trict Court a man was charged with burglary, and evidence from a woman disclosed that she recognised l?m by his breath. A constable also deposed that ho had been walking with accused on tho night previous to tlio date of offence, and tho man's "tenth was so strong that ho had to lot linn have all the footpath to him self, as ho really could not endure the malodorous perfume. Tho woman taid accused's breath remained on the promises for a considerable timo after its hasty departure. Tho prisoner commenced an address to the ' 12 good rneu and true' but the words -somehow trembled ou his lips and his mutter mgs .v cre indistinct, until at last out ot sheer desperation tho words came, and he B i rUL . k ILo j OO -.. rail a h "low, and exclaimed to tho jury—' So "L'lp mo God, I' m innocent.' Then 10 3 1U, 8? summed up and putting tho i-wts uloii X with tho breath a convic tion, was rooordod, and tho man was sentenced to throo yeara iv gaoj. 