BROADWATER. I Nov. 16. — Tho Bachelor's Ball came off on Friday, 11th iiiBtant, at M'l'hee's hull, and was u very enjoyable affair, but I am very much puzzled to know why the young Solons who formed the committee decreed that no married people should be invited. If Mrs. Grundy wore rampant in Broadwater, this extraordinary idea of theirs would simply have meant 'no dance.' Fortunately for these sapient youths, the fair sex iu this neighbour hood unuonscioiifly take a pattern from their American sisters, und go to these affairs ' on t heir own.' Tho music was supplied by Messrs. Gosling and Nicolia, aud it goes without say ing thut it was all that could be desired. There wero about, 30 couples present, which; considering the heat of the weather, was quite as many as could dance with comfort. During the evening Miss Mary M'Kinnon danced u hornpipe in a way that would lead one to be lieve that she must have been burn on the deep blue sea, und taught dancing by an old salt. Mr. Win. Vallis also danced the horn pipe. There was only one song sung, ' Whis per and 1 shall heur,' by Miss Edith M'Fud den, and it was a gem. I believe it is cus tomary in describing a ball to mention a belle, but I absolutely decline to make any invidious distinctions till I can come across anything so Btartlingly beautiful anil original as that which struck a brother scribe of mine, who in giving an account of a bull once wrote : ' Tlie btlle of the ball was undoubtedly Miss Blank, who wus dressed in Whipped cream, edi/ed with ermhed nlraicberrien aud ornamented with champai/ne.' Messrs. J. M'lntyre, junr., and W. M'Leoil acted as M's.C., und fulfilled tlieir duties most satisfactorily, while the supper supplied by Mr. W. W. Crocker was quite up to his usual excellent standard. The' following is a list of the young ladies preseiit,'' and u description of their dresses : — - Miss M'FiuMeu— ? Crctiui suthi, and red poppies. Miss Eleuuor M'Faddcn— Cream sntin, andfentlicr trimmings. Miss Bella M'Pbee— Lavender wliite silk', and cliiffon trimmings. Miss Vidler— Wliite silk, and cliiiTou trimmings. Miss Carbury — Wliito sntin bodice, silk gauze nnd cliitfon trimmings, white silk skirt ornamented with pink flowerB. Miss P. Anderson— Pale blue muslin with black vel vet trimmings. Miss Hansen— Sea green satin, pearl nnd lace trim mings. Miss Boxell— Wliite silk blouse, cream serge skirt trimmed with forget-me- nots. Miss Ward— Silk greuudine, pink trimmings. Miss Bucliunuu — Navy blue dress trimmed with green silk. Miss M'Pheo— Lavender and white silk trimmed with chiffon. Miss L. Malotie — Wliite cashmere, and laco. Miss Cook— Cream lustre, with lace aud buttercups. Miss M'Kinnon— Blue cashmcre, aud cream trim mings. Miss M'lntyre— Pink zephyr, nnd cream silk. Miss Wilson— Heliotrope silk, trimmed with white. Miss Edith M'Faddeu— Pale blue muslin, trimmed with spungled net. Miss Hynn— White muslin, and cream silk trimmings. Miss Reardon— Grey nnd pink. , Miss Mary M'Kiuuon— Green nun's veiling, pink trimmings. Miss Burns— White musliu, aud pink trimmings. Miss Hurley — Black silk, and green trimmings. # * * # # * As accident happened at the mill on Friday last, when an employee named J as. M'Connell slipped into some boiling juice, and had one of his legs badly scalded from ankle to knee. He was immediately attended to by the Am bulance Corps, and the wound .dressid with picric acid, which quickly relieved him of all pain. He is now iu the Company's hospital, and progressing very favorably towards re covery. The virtues of picric acid as a dress ing for scalds anil bums cannot be too widely kuown, and as it can be purchased at any chemist's shop, and is not at all expensive, no household should be without it. Tho secretary of tbe Sugar Co.'s hospital has been kind enough to inform me that the easiest way to prepare this remedy, without bothering about measurements, is to mix as much picric acid in methylated spirit as it will dissolve, and then add 6 or 7 pints of water. Saturate clean white rags or lint in the mixture, and apply to the wound. »???«* Much regret is expressed by all who knew him oil this river at Mr. Fred Shepherd hav ing left- the s.s. Tomki, and there is a good ?deal of . dtscu88ioii; of an.-: uncomplimentary. nature regarding the Company's action which it is alleged caused him to retire from the service. There are few in the Co.'s service so well known, and whose civility and attention have been so much appreciated by the people of this river as those of Mr. Shepherd, and it is not only here that his absence from the Tomki is deplored. I was up the river to Lismore last week, and at nearly every town I was asked if I could explain liis absence from the Tomki. The appreciation of his services was unanimous. In fact he has been on the Tomki so long, aud his good qualities as steward are as well known and amireciated bv us all. that the Tomki without Fred Shepherd will seem like Hamlet without the ghost, or Pickwick without the immortal Sam Weller. * ? » * ? * A foreigner, known as ' Jack the Ripper,' jumped off the Government wharf hereto-day, whether with the intention of committing suicide, or of merely creating a diversion, 1 can't say, but as he's been 'mouching' about Broadwater for some time doing nothing, I think it highly probablo that he was suffer ing from ennui. However, he was quickly hauled out und taken charge of by the police. 