Obriatiaa Endeavour Convention ait " Petersburg., (communicated.) The Christian Endeavdureris within the. limits of. the Northern District Unipni . , look forward to tbe annual Cqnveutiqn with increasing expeotauoyi Each year the meetiags grow in interest, conse- quently the sucoess of the Petersburg Con vention was anticipated. A local com mittee - attended to accommodation for' visitors, provision and meeting plaoes and did the work well. The programme com-, mittee, mainly, composed of members of the O.E. at Jamestown, were responsible for the details connected with the meet ings each hour from 10 a.m. on Monday, June 2Qtb., till the farewell prayer meet ing on. Wednesday morning. Tbe exedii- tive invited the President of the .&&» . - Union, (Mr. J. H. Sinclair,) to actend tho Convention as a delegate, and he arriye4| by . .the Broken Hill train on Saturday; niglib accompanied by Mr. Love. " Mr. 'Sinolair preached in the Baptist chuvch on r; Sunday morning, and in 1 he. Town Ha jl to a crowded congregation at night. > On Monday every train brought Kndea- vonj'ers 'to the Convention. Mr-. G. A, Giles led the first meeting at 10 a.m., aiid gave an address on "Gratitude." Mr. Woods cmiducted the holihess ' ' meeting which followed when papers-were read by Miss Tonkin, (Gladstone;) '-anX . Re.y WV'Gray. An adjournment Was made for dinner in the Wesley an Church at 12 o'clock. The executive met at the - Wesleyan parsonage at 1 p.nk and tratis- acted a good deal of formal business. Meanwhile Mr. Jones led a devotional meeting in the Baptist Church, When! All day meetings were held.. The general: meeting began at 2.30 p.m. With the Fre-f sldent in the chair. The reportf of the iSklfireteiqiand Treasurer were adopted, and a discuSsifin ensiied on the divisiqn of tbe district : ; It Wqs fl&ved; to recommend ttkt;jthe Societies, tbat propose to form a separate union defer the matter for ail- ' other year, and. thpy have deeidedto do' this. The President delivered' a. brief and practical address, after Which the.folloWk ing officers Were elected- :Frafident-i-- Rev. E. Bungey ; vice-President7— Mr;. j:A.- C; Ctitt ; Treasurer— Mr. G; A£ Gileie j--" - 'Secretaries— Revs. W. Gray and H. A Hughes ; Auditors— Messrs H. Chapman and j. M. Badger; The sufil of - 3 WCA - Set aside to pay travelling expendes of M 'J ; President should he Teqnire. if in vufiting/ Societies during the year, and 40a was voted to, the, r funds of the" Union . At AjkfiL Budge; took chitgg 06 the- - meetihig,; and1.' two fine ; addresses- pven;!::by the new President oh' ''The purpose vand possibilities, of "P-- Soeid a:iMK:E.H. .. .'deavdu rem' - need- of a quiet; hottr."7' ' An aoqnjiinmitas.made for tea at 5;30and tha general meeting .resumed at 6.30: to finish the rest "of ; the, i business. 0ieiv : pfiblic meeting began in the bMhak :7 p'.iin; : find. was'ied hy the - fiew president, -i(R«x» E, Bungeyj) : who tendered, a' welcome to: .ji visitors. After the roll-call and collection Mr. J. H. tSinclair delivered a stirring chatge to Endea vomers.: This meeting, a . < fine one, closed with the communion tor- vice. . The meetings on Tuesday/ batu withj a prayer meeting at 7- a.m. ledby Mr?!E?J. Kentish, who gave an excellent, address; / A profitable, hour waaiiepeiie. 'discussing Mr." A. C.' Cattis sUggestivh' - paper qn ''How to- start and bow to con-s duct a junior Society. " Mr. J. Bowering led the Missionary hour," when a paper- on " Claims of Home Mission'' was read! by Rev. J. -Murray and another (by Rev O. F. Smith) ; on foreign Mission" waa . , read by Iteir. ; Mr. Harris. The Goodi Citizenship meeting, whichjbegan at 2 p.m. was a fine one. .. The >Rev. W v. W k finch lmade a good leader, and Mr Saudair took Rev. W. G .Clarke's place; (the last-named gentleman being unable to attend,). and gave a helpful ..address on "How to aid temperance-" Mr. C. Schubert spoke on the Endqavourerb relation tf> pohfcics,' Rev. H. E. Hughes gave an admirable. ad dress on " Gambling,' and the Re.. JV Tiller contributed some very practical and disquieting observations on Sabbath de secration. At the meeting which followed the 'Rev. H. Trewren presided, and the- Rev. J. C; Hill read a paper on " How to secure a revival in the church which waa suggestive- timely and much appreciated ,: The evangshstic meeting in the ball wasf : preceded by an open air servi CofiiiltidtCcV : by:-Mr. Giles. , Mr. ; J. tL" Sinckur took " ' . charge of the.meeting in the hall and gave" . a powerful address on the/wbrda : Ye 'dh always resist the Holy Ghost" (Aefa £61,) , The Convention closed wich a farewell prayer meeting on W ednesday mqrning ied by the president in tlm absence of Mwi A. OrCatt. Rie geneva) opihito Was thai 1 ' the Convention was. q derided snecesa: Societies were represented from. tiie e "' treiues of tbe district, via, Qlidstone, Laura, Booleroo,Pekina, Orroroo, Paw8on and Terowie. ' <./ : 