THE NOVELIST. A STEEPLEJACK'S STORY. It happened at one of the big, busy towns away north, years ago. Years ! But let me just close my eyes—and I am up, swinging between heaven and earth again ; I can see those black dots moving between the houses far below, the smoke curling everywhere, the river twisting like a silver snake, and above me the sun in that blue sky—that I thought I was staring at for quite the last time. Katie, too, who had at last chosen between Jim Carroll and me, and had put my ring on her finger only that week before—it spelled good-bye to her, too! How a man's thoughts dance and travel when his life hangs in the balance. Why, the length and breadth of the whole tragedy passed before me in those few minutes. That night—that night in our rooms at Manchester, when Boy Jim had walked in late and come behind me—that was the real beginning. " Yes, it's me—and I've seen her !" The very voice told me that he had nerved himself to some unsuspected struggle. " I don't brag—but what if I tell you I've halved the chances there ? For I have !" "Well, I could have laughed right out but for the little stab of fear and sur- prise. Boy Jim. Well, it was years since he had left his bad home and come to work and live with me ; but, some- how, he still seemed the boy, with his white, womanish face, wavy brown hair and far-fetched ideas. He had shot past me in height, but there was so much of the big brother in my feeling that I still made a point of climbing a shaft or steeple ahead of him to make sure, and always made him fix a ladder where I would hang myself by a mere rope noose. " The little milliner !"—that was what he had called her; jokingly at first, then seriously enough. Night after night we had met her, tripping along home as if the world was made and polished for her ; and certainly her way of looking and speaking, when it came to that, was something to make any ordinary man's heart beat faster. Yet, up to now, it had never struck me properly that my case might be Boy Jim's. And for him to come in and say that—just as I sat building up a proposal of marriage and a cosy little home in my smoke rings. No, I hardly knew whether to laugh or flash out with a sneer. It seemed so preposterous. Boy Jim ! " Oh !" I said at last. " That's news. Leave that till to-morrow." " No, we will settle it now," and I spun round to hold my breath. Boy Jim's eyes shone in the whitest face ; till that moment I must have been dreaming on in the blindest way. There we stood, staring at eacli other—the tragedy widening visibly between. "There," he ran on, with a sort of sob. "It's come to this ; I'm a man as much as you, Teddy, and I don't want it to come to a quarrel. I've asked her plain to-night which of us it was to be, and she couldn't, or wouldn't, answer it. That means, one is working against the other and making a flirt of the girl— and one must stand out. Yes, there's no other way. I might trick you, but I won't. You and I, Teddy—there, I'll take your word as you'll take mine. . . It's down. Call to that quick, and if you win there's your road clear this minute." That was it. Boy Jim stood with one shaking hand over a coin. Fairly realise all that he meant, or all that had been at work in his mind, I could not have done. I did half put out my hand, but he dashed it back, with that same whisper, '' Call ! You must—you shall !" And perhaps it was the first time I had seen the man leap up like that Boy Jim, or perhaps there was a sort of fascination in the covered coin. I don't know—only that I suddenly said, " Then—head!" Slowly his hand slid—" head " it was. Whether I meant it or not, I had won ; and something in Boy Jim's face made me turn away at once. He never spoke ; but the time he stood there, looking at that coin, and the way he at last groped for the door, kept me in a wakeful quiver half through that night. Once or twice, thinking I heard him saying, " Katie ! Katie !" over and over to him- self, I started up to talk the matter out ; but that something had come between us. Next morning he had left the house at daylight. I went to work alone, and it had struck twelve before he came in— that haggard and aged, I was on my feet before I knew it, with a " Jim, stop this !" " Don't you, Teddy !" he gasped out. "It's me against myself. I—I've not won yet. For heaven's sake, leave me alone—that's all!" And I did. I began to understand, then, how far it had gone. For those next three or four days an instinct of real fear made me avoid him altogether. Such a fire must soon exhaust itself, I thought. Not until the fourth evening did the unnerving notion come to me that Boy Jim might be one of those who will break before they will bend. Just after dark it was, when, as I stood at the usual corner waiting for Katie to come past, I thought I saw a white face peering from a doorway along the street, Katie came that way! I had taken a few sharp strides before I knew it ; and there, hanging back like a hunted thief, stood Boy Jim. " You !" I said, with as much fear as passion. "It has come to this, has it? Now I shall know—now she shall know !" " Teddy ! " Not that whisper, but the slow, convulsive way he put his hands, brought great lumps swelling in my throat. Something might have happened, then, to change the whole affair, but of a sudden he jumped past me, and was gone. Breathless. I watched—saw him make a swerve down a side street ; there was our little milliner coming along as if a sweetheart was quite the last thing she expected to meet there. I know I took my resolution on the spot. She should choose that night. Boy Jim's face was haunting my dreams; if she hesitated this time to give a definite answer—why, yes, I would stand off and let him have his chance . . . That was not to be—perhaps, indeed, she half understood. Whether or no, when I said the words at parting, expecting her laugh to trill out, she turned away— I saw her lips begin to quiver. No man go slow but he knows that sign ! The ring was left on Katie's finger when I turned about for home that night, and I was whispering incredulously to myself —"Poor Jim! Poor Boy Jim!" In a whirl as I was, I know I walked the streets for hours, and that it was nearer two o'clock than one when I mounted the stairs, meaning to tell him all at once, and so, if possible, end the misery. There was a post card waiting in the sittingroom. I rushed up with it to the bed-room. A little coincidence had happened—a curious one, considering that only that night I had made sure of Katie, and sent in my bill for the job we had been working at six weeks. "Jim! are you awake? Here's another steeple job, thirty miles away, over that gale. The vane and spire tip carried off. I'm to go at once, or send a man. What do you say to making a holiday of it ? The change will do you good in both ways, Jim." No answer. Stubborn as that ? Well, we would have it out now, once and for all. I lit the candle. . . . The bed there bad not been disturbed. Something in the queer silence told me that Boy Jim was gone—and gone for good. At what time was it, on that smiling, never-forgotten afternoon? Why, two o'clock, of course ! Yes; three days before I had said good-bye for a while to Katie, and left Manchester, still in that queer whirl. But that, was only been use in my heart I had said the same to Boy Jim for ever. It seemed that I had won her at the cost of the boy's future; that lump had come into my throat every time I walked into our quiet sitting-room. I was hard at work now on the steeple job to try and forget what had been. Quite a week it would occupy. A lot of the stone work had been dis- placed, and that had necessitated a slow driving in of stanchions upon which to build the plank platform round the spire top. I should be back in Manchester in three or four days for certain, I had said in a scribble to Katie that dinner hour. I little knew, as I slipped the letter into a pillar box ! Yes ; 2 o'clock had just struck when I got back to the church—or the cathedral, as they called it there. There was always the knot of people standing to gape as I took the giddy climb—by the skin of my teeth, it seemed to them ; but this time I was surprised to find quite a crowd holding its breath and straining its eyes there. Looking up, what should I see but a creeping figure more than three parts up the tapering stone work ! " The—the fool !" I gasped. " Who is it? What is he at?" " A madman got loose, they say," someone whispered. " He must be ; no sane man could keep his footing like that. Why, he stood here staring up for a long time, talking away to himself ; and the next thing we saw was him going up hand over hand." "No, it's a bet, and he'll do it!" another struck in. " Ha, there goes his hat ! He's looking down — heaven's ! he'll let go ! . . . N-no, he's up ! Phew, that almost caused my heart to stand still !" I knew I held my own breath till the figure caught hold of the knotted rope I had fastened round the steeple top, swung itself on to the little plank parapet, and disappeared. Two minutes later I was out at the trap-door in the organ loft, and going up the iron ladder hung from the belfry tower. From there to the scaffolding, full 60 feet, there were only iron rings for the hands and six inch pegs for the feet—safe enough in a sense, while yet a slip might mean sudden death. I slipped up smart. I knew the crowd was watching and wondering down there, and it was a morsel of unexpected excitement that would at least spell an advertisement. Half way up, I even thought I heard a cheer. And not once, queerly enough, until I reached the last peg and caught at the rope noose, did it come into my mind that there might be an element of danger in the excitement. I only thought of getting to the platform to see who the daring fool might be—per- haps I even had an idea that he meant to steal the tools I had left up there. Anyhow, I did think to try the rope before letting go. Quite firm. " Halloa, there !" I sang out, and started to pull myself up. Simul- taneously—shall I ever forget the sen- sation ?—the rope seemed to give. I had been almost touching the planks—they suddenly shot up—I had dropped as though a trap-door had given way beneath me. My teeth clicked with the shock, and everything went blood-red for the moment. I closed my eyes to shut out what seemed death itself. Only for an instant. A scream from just above had answered me—an ecstatic scream that must ring through my dreams for many a year yet to come. "Hold tight! Hold tight! It's all right ! I won't let go !" That was it. I stared wildly up. Through the blinding, unnatural mist between me and that lovely blue sky, I saw that I had only dropped 5ft. or, 6ft., and I saw—Boy Jim's face laughing and nodding over the edge of the wookwork, his wavy hair fluttering in the breeze. Paralysed? Near it! I could only stare up with a sort of sick, incredulous fascination. It was not so much the awful fact that he was pulling at the other end of the rope, as the revelation of his being up there, and that he could laugh as I swung and clung desperately over that deadly blank. Attempt to climb up I could not for the moment. It seemed that I had only to move a muscle, and I should go down with a rush—perhaps dragging him over. Yes ; even as it was, the distance between us was increasing by inches. " Middling close, that, mate !" He laughed right out. "You just let me cut the splicing and unwind a turn when you pulled, and all but had me over. I was going to give poor Teddy such a scare ! But you can't come up here, you know. I'm waiting for Teddy Driscoll —he's on this job. . . . Don't pull so, you're heavy !" Oh, the nameless horror of it—to feel that the insane fellow might at any moment let the other end go, and launch me into eternity like that ! For even in such a moment the voice, the look, in Boy Jim's wide brown eyes, and the way he stood tugging on the very brink, had told me that much of the truth—mad !— Boy Jim ! and I— " Jim, boy, don't—don't !" I strained my throat, but it was only a husky gurgle. " You know your old mate— Teddy !" " What !" he said sneeringly. He seemed to be taking a turn of the rope about his chest and fastening it. " You're no Teddy, and I'm no fool. Why, he's got a colour like tan, the man I mean ; you're as white as a ghost. Down you go ; we shan't want listeners. He's going to marry her! It's all settled—did you know that ? And I'm to be there. I forgot all about till last night, when I was watching the house. . . . Ah! Teddy's artful; he's hang- ing this job out, like the rest ! But he's been a brother to me. I love that man, I tell yoo! . . . Aren't you going? Yow won't? Then I'll—" He was shaking the rope and pointing one of my own chisels for a throw. And still the rope strained and slipped, and the woodwork might give way at any moment. " Jim, don't. It's me—Teddy ! It's me !" was all I could gasp. As I hung, I was too far out to think of catching at the nearest ring in the stonework ; the position of the rope had altered quite. . . . I gripped my teeth, and collected my wits by a great effort. The only way was to get up to that platform, aud trust to chance for the rest. My hands were aching already with the strain—in a minute I might not be able to do it. Perhaps those below had divined that something was wrong; but help at this height, if not out of the question, must come too late. And life—heavens ! life had never seemed so dear and sweet ! "Here, Jim, boy!" I shouted it hoarsely of a sudden. " I've got some- thing here for you—it's from Katie! You'll be surprised ; pull that end hard —hard ; I'm coming up !" and, holding my breath, I had hoisted myself two knots higher before he realised. Then— " You're a liar ! " He screamed it down childishly, and stamped his foot till the planking quivered. " I'm wait- ing for Teddy ; I know your game ! You will? Then . . . Stop, stop! I know—we'll have a see-saw till he comes ! Ha, ha ! a swing at the top of the steeple ! Keep back ! Ready ? I'll leave one turn of the rope round the spire, and pull against you ! one, two, three—I'm over ! " " Jim ! Jim ! " I shrieked, the sweat bursting from every pore of me. Too late. He had done it—had run back- wards and swung himself over the other side of the bit of scaffolding. Every hair on my head seemed to stand up like a red-hot wire. Why, the jerk had pulled me up to within a mere foot of the planks. Forgetting him quite, I had all but cluched at the edge with both hands in my frenzy of fear ; and then—then my superior weight and the effort together senb me down again. There we hung, almost evenly balanced for the moment—and let any man con- ceive of a more awful position, if he can. I was heavier than Boy Jim—I was slipping down inch by inch ; in another second the rope might slide with a rush and send us both toppling down to—what? A momentary blank, I suppose, accounted for my inaction. When I opened my eyes, and fully realised, the fear had given way to a deadly lethargy. The rope shook slightly still. Boy Jim —I could not see him—was kicking and shouting in a mad glee on the other side. If I got up and reached that planking he must go down. . . . For the first time I looked below—not straightly, but sideways. I think I was saying a vague good-bye to Katie and the world — so that enticing picture below burned itself into my memory. There was the stretch of endless roofs, the curling smoke, the moving dots, the twisting river; afterwards I even recol- lected the faint strains from a band of music being wafted up like a sound from dreamland. Only one turn round the spire ... I was heavier than Boy Jim, . . . The lethargy passed. It must all have happened in a few minutes. I stared up at the blue sky again. Why, what was I doing ? Hanging there, waiting for death. A sort of mad desperation came over me ; I only saw that the planking was further above me than ever, and had a wild determination to reach it at any cost. Boy Jim's life, mine, or both. Climb, I somehow could not ; I freed one aching leg, struck out, and started swinging to and fro. To and fro ! now I had a good impetus, and could almost touch with my feet the stay that, secured to stanchions, upheld that corner of the platform. One more wild swing, another, while the rope slipped lower and lower—and now, incredible as it seemed, I had flung both feet about the stay, and was safe. Safe ! . . . But, thank heaven, in that moment of reaction I had just suffi- cient sense left to realise that Boy Jim's life was now in my hands. If I let go the rope . . . No, I strained hard at it, as I clung, gathering strength and nerve for the final effort. The crucial danger gave me unnatural coolness. Just the pause; then I bound coil after coil about the stay, knotted it, took two wrenching turns about my arm, and next, never knowing how I did it for Boy Jim, hoisted myself slowly up and over the edge of the planking. Look over, I dared not ; I knew Boy Jim had gone down by yards. Round the spire there was still one turn. Setting my feet against it, I made the effort of my lifetime—tugged and heaved until Boy Jim, kicking and shouting, was level again. One superhuman pull, and he was sprawling across the planks, the noose still under his armpits. What then? There was the brief struggle, that made the frail planking shake beneath us, and then I had him helpless —I think I had struck him on the head —and had tied him with the rope to the woodwork until he could move neither hand nor foot. Five minutes later—to this moment I cannot tell how I bore up long enough to make the now terrible descent—I had reached the dear ground once again, and the crowd was surging about me. I had just strength enough to point up, and gasp, " Save him—save Jim ! " Then carne the great reaction, and the blank that lasted for days. Yes, days. When I sat up, after the short, fierce spell of fever, I was lying in an hospital—and Boy Jim lay in the next bed to mine. They had lowered him from the steeple top, and brought him here, raving. But what was the grandest thing of all to realise was the fact that, when I went to see him a fortnight later, the doctors were saying that he had passed a crisis, and that very possibly his reason would be restored with his health. Two more weeks—weeks of terrible suspense—and then I knew that the possibility had merged into a fact. Boy Jim sat up in his bed, and asked me, wondering, how we had come to leave Manchester, and what had happened. And later—six months later ? Why, I was standing before the altar at a certain church. Katie stood on my left, and, on my right—Boy Jim.—Tit Bits." 