DiYS OF DANGER. [copyright.] Thrilling Narratives of the Bushranging : a Times. Keenan's Ghost, BY CAPTAIN LACIE. ? # ? IN FIVE PARTS. ? *** ? PERIOD, 1846. ? »+♦ ? «'.. ? PARTI. IN May, 1846, a surveying party em ployed by the Van Diemau's Land ' Government in the north-west part of the island met with a Btrange experience in the neighbourhood of Mount Valen tine, a huge peak adjacent to the world famriiiia'ltfniint. RiRnhnff. which boasts the .... 'richest tin mine in the universe. The party were under the guidance of an ex v p'erienced leader named Evan Edwards. 'As the name implieB,-Ed wards was Welsh to the backbone and spinal marrow, though his college training in London :? had smoothed away the roughness of. his accent, which in his youth wasj-ugeejd as ??'--?']?;. ?hisiiative'hills. .The praotioal lift' he Mgfii led did hot, however3 mollify the deeply 'ff- *;:. rooted vein of superstition which ran through his nature, and he was prone to sec signs nnd portents where really no cause to introduce the supernatural was apparent. ,- He had four men with him, named .John Weston, Edward Jones, Michael Keen an, and Joseph Walsh. They were ? ' hardy young fellows who loved the rough life which their occupation entailed, and managed to judiciously combine buaineBB with pleasure. The wild crags and dark glens which hfld been familiar to Evan Edwards in his youth paled into nothing neBS before the stern majesty of nature in the looalitieB. which the party were endeavouring to explore. They were in the great hollow formed by Mount Valentine, Bidel's Bluff, and Cradle Mountain, with the great ranges running like- spires to connect them. From the firBt mount right to the southern ocean at Arthur Bay, a distance of fifty miles, a vast range extended to the west with long spurs jutting out at intervals to the mirth and approaching Bbbs Straits. Noil h and south of the main range rivers of more or less magnitude ran. The most important were Arthur, Hellyer, -Emu, Cane, Detention, Black Duck, and Montague rivers. To the south of Mount Valentine a perfect network of ranges bewildeied the observer. Cradle Moun tain foi med a magnificent background to the wild scene as it rose with its vener able crown of snow. In the Waratah iUngHs other rivers, such as the Pieman, Donaldson, Coldstream, and Huskison, took their source, so that the whole of the north-west corner of the island was splendidly watered. The rugged hills and towering cliffs which everywhere met the eye, intercepted with narrow and profound glens, to say nothing of the t dense vegetation, made, however, settle ment rather a difficult matter. It was a region for the miner rather than for the farmer. The first shock wliioli came upon the men was in a deep ravine near the southern base of Mount Valentine. Every step had literally to be fought '' with the axe. It was rare, indeed, that an open space was found over which the chain. ;ould be ran. The track had to be made with hard and unremitting labour' and in doing. this the men had at Junes narrow escapes from the .r^nMlfB which irtfmteAjbfrdistiivC; The dense under — ' 'T' i BTOVsJRroforeepine plantB which entwined wjrui the shrubB. and. trees often necessi tated a week's work to cover a quarter of a mile of country. The rough axemen saw nothing in the locality but the sylvan barriers, yet a botaniBt or a geologist — and indeed to a lesser ex tent the zoologist — would have revelled in the profusion of animated and inanimate nature which was scattered around. It was little wonder that the members of the survey party considered they were the first white men who had ever pene trated the region. In days gone by, before the 'black battue' took place, the aboriginal might have roamed at large, though probably not in numbers, as they would prefer the more open and equally fertile central districts. On the morning of the 3rd May, 1840, Keenan was leading man in cutting the narrow track through a deep and pecu liarly wild glen which ran at the southern liaaa nf f.hp mnlint Vhfi hnllri viflA itl places almost shut out (he light of day, but that dreaded horizontal creeper did not prove such an obstacle to progress as the ordinary upright scrub, as the chnin could be carried along underneath the former, though it was really surveying in twilight. Keenan had just reached a more than usually obstinate spot near the foot of a gigantic tree which towered far above its fellows, and waB silently blaspheming the luxuriance of nature, when a sheet of bark was exposed by the last vicious tug he gave at Borne severed undergrowth. . It is certainly not an unusual circum stance to meet with sheets of bark in a locality where it abounds, but this particular sheet of stringy-bark had a peculiar fascination for the trackmaker. ... ' Resting the axe on the ground, he loaned on the handle and contemplated it for some seconds with a puzzled look on his face. 'The reason for this was aoon obvious. The broad piece was about seven feet long and two feet six inches broad, and it was cut at both ends as by an axe or hatchet. \- The chops on it were quite plain, though judging by its appearance, the bark had lain at the spot for two or three years. In places it had been torn away as though by wild animals, and there was '. ' something bo uncanny about the whole thing that the Irishman did not care to : . ? touch it until be had the company of one ' of his mates. He was about to call out for Weston, whom he knew was close behind, when 1 on turning he saw the leader himself \- coining up. I. - What's the matter, Mike ?' he asked ?:? .? as he noticed the perturbed look on the p.;';. face of the man, :' ' ? ' I don't-knq w, sir. There's something ;';? ' .. here I can't .quite make .out. It looks as -' '~ . if some white men had been here afore f-}.' us. Look at that piece of bark. It's £??, :. - been cut with an axe,' Baid Keenan^ IfyV; Evan Edwards took a quick glance at ij^ ?? ?' tne object indicated, and then burst into gp-v a loud laugh. K- - 'Did it never occur to you, Mike, that W0.{-- the blacktellows are able to use toma p/v ' ? hawks and axes, and that most of them |pi,\ '.' .carry thoBe useful articles? Don't you §p£' ? see the blacks have done this ?' j§£ ? 'Well, I never thought about that afore. Of course I see it now,' answered Keenan, joining in the laugh. ' I'll move it, at any rate, and see if ould Nick himself be hid under it. Perhaps we may find a gold mine about.' As he spoke he lifted the axe and tried to shove the heavy sheet of bark off the npot on which it lay, but it did not yield so easily to his efforts. ' Don't catch it like that, Mike. There may be a few snakes under it,' cried Edwards, (ib Keenan dropped the axe and was about to lift it with his handB. Having a healthy fear of being taken unaware by one of the reptiles which the Irishman abhorred, he stopped, and lifting a stick, the chief of the survey party gave him a hand to remove the sheet of stringy-bark. It yielded, so to speak, reluctantly, as though it were human and like a person in the witness-box feared to give up an important secret. At last it. broke suddenly away and Bird down about a foot on the steep incline where, it was lying. Both men Bprung back as if indeed half a dozen hissing serpents were about to spring at them, for there was a mystery revealed by the act. A silent grinning skull, unspeakably grim iiud portentous in such a place, looked up— or, at least to the men, appeared to gaze at them from the eyeless sockets. The skull — so much of it as was uucovered — seemed perfect enough, but only a por tion of the skeleton was hb yet laid bare. For nearly a minute both men looked at each other alternately with a glance at the skeleton, but neither spoke, and as they were thus mute, - JoneB and Weston made their advent on the strange scene and quickly saw what had fascinated their comrades. ' It is the skeleton of an aboriginal, I suppose,1 remarked Jones. ' No, it's nothing of the sort, so far as I can Bee. We must take off the bark altogether and make a thorough examin ation. Aboriginals don't wear boots and white men's clothes ; and can't you see a boot- toe sticking out at the end there? Lift off the bark bo that we may get a proper view,' answered EdwardB. Now that the first shock of the dis covery was over and there were four men present, the instructions of the chief were quickly carried out, and the ghastly relics laid bare. There were merely the bones, and with one or two exceptions they were all present, a somewhat re markable fact when it is considered that numerous wombats were in the locality, and being omnivorous, they are of course not particular what kind of food they eat. A pair of well-worn boots still encased the feet-boneB, or rather contained them, for most of the bones had become dis united. A rough skin cap, presumably an oppossum skin, was beside the skull, and sundry fragments of clothing showed that in all human probability the relics were those of a white man. Poking about the debris with a stick, Edwards struck something hard, which gave forth a metallic sound, and .it was quickly uncovered. It proved to be a small tin case about five inches long, four inches wide, with an aperture not snore than one inch across. It had the lid and all complete, and did not seem to be much the worst; for wear. ' What on earth can be in this ?' spoke 1 he leader as he picked it up gingerly and looked upon the article with ardent curiosity, a feeling which was quite shared by Ilia companions. Edwards shook the box, but it did not give forth any sound which might indi cate its contents, and from its lightness he concluded that if.it was not empty it only contained papers, and he expressed that view to those around him. ' Only papers, ' replied Wieaton. J They may prove most imnottiuifcJlIvWfiftl'stfl^ soAiuon of the mystery, for such it mustr be. I suppose the body is only thai of some poor devil of a convict who ran away in the terrible 'days of Macquarie Harbour and perished here,' he added. 'Then he must have lived a long lime after his escape. The Macquarie station has been closed tor a quarter ot a cen tury, and this skeleton has not lain here for more than three years- I should judge,' returned Jones. ' Well, he might have lived for years and years in the bush. There is nothing impossible about it, I suppose,' replied Weston. 'His boots and clothing would not have lasted long in this district, anyhow. If he had pillaged any of the settlers the authorities would have heard about it, and all the country-side would have been on the qui vive. Oh, no ; the Macquarie theory won't do, Jack. We must have something better,' answered Jones. ' I am of your opinion also, Ted. This body could not have lain here more than three or four years. The bark was com paratively good, and the remains are fairly well preserved. In such a moist district time soon tells on 'anything perishable,' added Edwards, who was busy with his knife trying to take off the well-fitting lid of the box which had been partly rusted. ' It was with no little trouble that the top of the mysterious tin-box was re moved, and eager expectation rested on the faces of the men as they peered forward to see what it contained. On the top was a layer of wool quite dry, and this led to the conclusion that the con tents were valuable. With some anxiety Edwards removed this and saw that the box was filled with the. same material, but out of it peeped a email piece of silvered edging. Turning the box up,' the leader was enabled to get hold of this, and he pulled forth— .not a valuable deed or document — but simply a photo graph on glaBB. It was a simple daguerreotype, but the likeness was clear and well preserved. It waa that of a man apparently about forty years of age, but with remarkable face and head. The latter was almost completely bald, whilst the face had an expression that once seen could not easily be forgotten. It was sinister in the ex treme, and the forbidding countenance was heightened by a scar which rau in a diagonal direction right across the fore head. A small semi-circle of beard ran from under each ear round the chin — or rather underneath it — whilst the rest of the face was clean-shaven. There was no name or anything to indicate whose likeness it was, save the photograph itself. . That could hot be mistaken by anyone who' knew the original. ' Poor devil,' said Edwards, glancing down at the hideous outline of bones. * He haB left enough to identify the body by at all events. You see, Weston, he could not have been an outlaw, or at least a convict, and carry an article like that about. . The authorities would take good care of that, you may depend. Have any of you an idea of the original ?' he conoluded as he passed the photo, round. One after another of the men examined it, but they all emphatically answered the question in the negative. Walsh was at the camp doing cook's duty, and when he saw it later on he was of the same opinion as the rest. , ' . - ' If I once saw a man like that I should not forget him in a hurry. That scar would be enough to identify him. No, it is a perfect stranger to me,' he added, handing back the photo. None of the men had the least doubt that the photo. waB that of the body beside which it waB found. That (seemed too apparent to need argument. The careful way in which the photo, had been kept went far to confirm the supposition. It was highly improbable that one man would so cherish the memory of another as to go to cuch trouble in keeping his likeness, and so the survey party came to -)he conclusion which any other five intelligent men would arrive at. After a further exhaustive search, and nothing more being found, the next question was what to do with the re mains? It was easily answered. They must be buried. ' We couldn't have a better landmark than tli ib monster here if the police ever require the bones,' said the chief, glancing up tit the gigantic Btringy-bark tree which uprose beside them. ' There, isn't a bigger fellow tor ten miles around, and as it ia right on our trenchant-peg to the north, we can easily find it again. We'll dig a grave just off the track there and put the bones to rest. Get your spades, lads, and let us make a start.' - Weston went back and returned with a pick and a couple of spades, and dig ging operations began. ' I'll peel off a couple of sheets of bark. We can put one under and the other above the bones ao as to keep them together if they are ever wanted,' said Edwards. He went round the huge tree to get a suitable part to strip, when he came upon the identical spot where the large sheet found on top of the skeleton was taken from, and calling hia comrades, they examined it. The whole of the party were good bushmen, and they soon ar rived at the conclusion that not more than three years had elapsed since (lie tree waa denuded of part of its covering. That at leaBt was something proved, though as Weston said, the body might have lain at the spot for months or even years before the bark was thrown over it. * This man may have been dead for years when Rome wandering blacks dropped across it and so placed the bark. If white men had done it we would probably have heard of the dis covery, but you may depend that Euro peans had nothing to do with the affair. In the first place they would have found the tin-box, and secondly they would have buried the corpse somehow. If t he bones are those of a while man, as I fully believe them to be, then thoy have never before he seen by a white person. A stray black has put the bark there,' WoBton argued. His comrades did not think it worth while to dispute the assertion, though they did not at all believe the theory. Yet in a manner they were almost forced to the same conclusion, for if a white man had so kindly endeavoured to give sepulture to the corpse, why was the matter never reported to the authorities.3 There were two answers to this. Either the good Samaritan had himself subse quently perished in the trackless wilds, or he was interested in not giving bucIi information. The latter, of course, insinuated that murder had been com mitted, though if that were the case it was difficult to understand why con sideration should be shown to the corpse, when only viojence was offered it in life. In a settled district a murderer has reasons for trying to hide the visible evidences of his guilt, but not so in that far distant jungle of the north-west aB it was 1 in 1846; ..The first theorywas'~the' more probable. There had been a party of two or more explorers, and death had CrvHAtaken them for their hardihood in ventumigTte'co'-^nch a deBolate region without a proper base 5iit)1'Sa£aUonB_6uch as n government survey party maTri^ tained. It was very likely, indeed, that the expedition, if such it was, had not been properly- equipped, aB the fact that no report of two or more men having dis appeared had ever reached the authori ties so far as Edwards or his men were aware. That would indicate a poor and badly arranged party, for if they had not friends or relatives on the island who would be interested in their fate, they must be indeed friendless. These and a score of other thoughts floated through the minds of the men as they arranged the bones for burial. At the suggestion of Jones, the boots and every fragment of clothing which could be found were secured in order that they might assist, if need be, to identification. The skull was nleo carefully examined to ascertain if there were any signs of violenoe, bat it was perfectly sound and intact. When all was completed, one of the Bheets of bark cut off by Edwards was laid in the bottom of the grave, and piece by piece the bones were arranged in as perfect shape as poRBible. It waB a gruesome task, especially under the cir cumstances and amidst such surround ings, but the men were not unused to rough and weird scenes, and in half an hour all that remained to show that anything unusual had occurred at the spot waB a small mound of freshly-turned earth at the foot of the giant tree. ' Well, ladB, ive can do no more. Let us make a mark on this tree, giving the date on which the bonep were found, and who by. It is not impossible that death may overtake the whole of us in this region before we have - a chance to give information of our find, and then usefnl news might be lost to the authorities,' spoke the leader. ' God forbid that we should have to go under in such a place as this. I don't suppose it matters much to a man where he dies— when he is dead— but while alive I shall do my beet to keep so, especially until I gat back to civilisation. This ian't even a fit place for a bandicoot to die in,' returned JoneB with a laugh. In the meantime Keenan, who was a fine axeman, had blaized a portion of the tree, and began cutting the day and date, and underneath the name of Evan Edwards and his party. It was done in the usual survey style, and that accom plished, the work of track-cutting waa resumed. The Irishman was somewhat afraid of the dead, though no living man could frighten him, and many a time during the day he cast glanoes towards the forest giant where the unknown lay in his eternal sleep at its base. To Be Continued, 