...-=IGKEB FATUIl. [By A BAfL. I Amongat the natural phenomena which, so far, has not been satisfactorily explained by scientists, and even at this day of aidvanoed knowledge remains an unsolved mystery, is the strange lambent flame which hovers over churchyards, marshes, and unneIrin?i o c ;scientifolally known as igni?fitusiafti'd spolarl'termed Will o'the Wisp, Jack o0 Tnthorn, and other fanciful names. This strange fire, if that can be called a fire which does notburn-varies very much in appearance. Sometimes it presents'the aspect of a ball of fire dancing and rolling about over the marsh in playful glee, now and again, perhaps when striking against a shrub.or'other obstrnction, scattering a shbowe'f smaller balls, wlhich'intheir turn would dance and play about, not neces sarily, however, in the wake of the parent ball, which continues its w'ayward career, now shining with a fiery red light, now changing into a yellow or amber, then fading into an undefined greenish tint, to burst out again into a purple blaze, the erratic illumination at length, perhaps, after gambolling about in quite frolicsome mood, ascending high.up in the air until it is lost to view. And semetimes the mock flame presents a more weird and ghostly appearance. The belated wayfarer, who is traversing a low lying churchyard at "the witching hour of midnight" sees, a short distance from him, a spectral presence hovering about the tombs, which his terrified imagination immediately regards as a disembodied spirit,- a veritable ghost. ' The, phantom apparition faiiitly shhin~s with a quivering sort of lambent flame, sometimes slpwly receding, sometimes advancing, the fright edied'erves of the terror-struck wayfarer ex erating the harmless illumined column into a menacing ghoul escaped from the piace of punishment, and seeking in vain for the mortal remains of its former flesby habitation, and, resenting his instrusion, momentarily intending to seize and carry him off to some terrible inferno. With palpitating heart he flees away, stumbling over tombs, until perhaps at length in the darkness he plunges headlong irto an open grave, and is discovered the next morning by the grave-diggers in a pitable plight, and then gradually re covering from the horror of his abject terror. And all this because he is so utterly simple and witless as to believe that there are such things as "ghosts"; and to imagine that it would be permitted that lost souls should be allowed a respite from the place of punishment in order to frighten a few silly girls or intellectuolly weak men! For we may be quite certain that souls in Paradise, even if they had the power, wou'd not wish to do so, and would prefer the glories of the third heaven to masquerading in a sheet in an obscure village churchyard at dead sf night. It is, however, unquestioned that s r cerers from the very earliest ages have had the occult (and Divinely forbidden) power, by means of what is now called hypnotism, of mRaking, even a ndmber of persons con giegated together, believe that they can see objects which have no real existence, and can even in some cases cJmpel persuns to Le!iere that-they have seen a " ghcst." Some of the marvellous tricks of Indian jugglers appear to be produced by this agency, as the detective camers, which cannot be hypnotised, incontestably prorrs that the extraordinary events which we believe we have seen with our very eyes did not take place, but were only an hal lucination produced by the wizrd's hyp notic power. SSometimes, -in the gloaming, the ipnis fatuos playing about at the edge of a morass is a strikingly attractive spectacle, but woe be to him who attempts ts pursue one of the dancing fairies, for it will psob. ably lead him in'o the morass, in which he may sink deeper and deeper down, the more he struggles the quicker his living entombment! And just so is it with the silly youth who, in the punsuit of sc- clled pleasuree, finds himself sinking deper and deeper into the miry morass of emin, whence the only possible means of rescue is by laying hold of the hand of Him who has atoned for those sines. If he refuse or neg iect to do this the horrible pit must shut her mouth upon him fr ever ! 