CHAPTER IX When the shock of her numbing terror had passed, Rachel's first impulse was to call for help. She checked that, however; her father had striven to con- ceal his illness so carefully, he had re- fused all medical aid, that she deter- mined none should be summoned now, save as a last resource. Fortunately, he had fallen upon the bed, so that it was comparatively easy for her, unaided as she was, to place him in a more com- fortable position, after which she bathed his forehead with the water that was at hand, and forced some drops of brandy between his clenched teeth. Her efforts were rewarded. Pre- sently his eyes opened, and though at first they wandered wildly round the room, she saw there was recognition in their depths when they rested upon her face. "Rachel, you here?" he whispered, and it was evident he had forgotten what had immediately preceded his un- consciousness. "That is well—I can rest for a little time; but Eric MacEl- don, where is he?" "'With Ellaline, I think," Rachel re- turned gently."'Will you try to rest, father, and I will sit by your side. It is still quite early, the dinner bell has not rung, and even when it does I will send a message to Ellie, telling her I am going to stay with, you." No words could tell the effort it cost her to speak in her usual bright, clear tones, but she saw that at all costs he must be allowed to recover somewhat from his recent seizure before she at- tempted again to discover what his secret was. He thanked her with a brief smile, and having drunk a little of the brandy she held to his lips, laid his head wearily upon the pillow, while Rachel drew a rug closely over him, and seating herself in the recess of the window, tried in vain to think. Her thoughts were in a chaos— each effort to disentangle them but made confusion more confounded. She seemed to be groping in a dense mist, where no light could be found. "The, giant ruby—the priceless jewel —it was too great a bribe? What man would not have risked his soul for such a prize as that?" "Faint and low. the words fel' from the sleeper's lips, and Rachel started in her seat; every nerve strained to listen, in a dull fascination of horror. For an instant, there was silence, then, the moanng voice began again, but the words were broken and disjointed, some but half uttered, so that it was impos- sible for even her quick ear to gain any meaning from them. The sleep had evidently changed into something of delirium, and in its dream some great horror was lived through again, for Sir Cuthbert moved restlessly upon the pil- low, throwing, at last, his arms above his head with a piteous, imploring ges- ture, as though searching for something to which, in his weakness, he might cling. Rachel put out her own hand, and the wandering fingers grasped it convul- sively. With a start she saw'it was his bandaged hand, which had gripped hers, though his grasp had lost nothing of its vigor, and even while the half- formed doubt rose in her mind, Sir Cuth- bert moved rapidly, jerking his hand away so that the wrappings became dis- placed, and fell in a little heap to the floor.. His hand was still stretched out to her, and the last dull evening light streaming through the window rested on it, bringing it into full relief amid the gloom around. She could see it quite clearly, and as she looked upon it her very heart seemed to stand still, for there was no wound upon it White and unbroken the skin showed clearly, and as she watched it, the leaden horror at her heart seemed slowly to stir into life, evolving from its depths a hide- ous phantom form, a form so terrible that she longed to thrust it from her, and yet had no power. With the speed of lightning her mind flew back to that bright day of a month before, though half her lifetime seemed to have passed since then. A pistol had been fired in that very room, and the dark stain of blood upon the floor had proved that someone had certainly been wounded. Her father had shown his bandaged hand as a proof that he had been hurt, and no- one had thought to disbelieve him, though now she understood his strange refusal to see the doctor. For some purpose of his own he had pretended to be wounded, that he might account for the blood on the floor, and what could his purpose be if it were not that a dark crime had then been done, and he had striven to screen the author of it? Then, too, she remembered the medicine and lotions, the lint and bandages which had been brought each morning to his room— were they but part of the same grim masquerade, or was there some deeper mystery yet before her, whose outskirts she had not yet reached? She fell upon her knees by the bed, trying to pray, though i he horror held her dumb, and then, as though in an- swer to her prayer, the muttered words began again with some faint attempt at coherence in their tones: "He loved Ellaline, and was our friend once. Merciful Heaven! I have wronged him enough. I could not let him die there. Oh, why did he bring that cursed ruby here? It tempted Eric, and I had no power to save him. Besides, it was too late. I only entered the room as he fell by the hearth, shot by the pistol he had drawn to defend himself. Dead—dead there is mur- der on his soul, and he opened the secret passage to make of it a grave." Once more the voice sank to mur- mured incoherence, but Rachel, kneel- ing by her father's side, felt that she had already learnt the truth, and in her madness wished that she had been stricken deaf and blind or mad ere her first prayer had been answered and she had listened to those words. For suddenly the whole dark story seemed to have been revealed to her. She knew that when Oswald had left Ellaline in the entrance porch he must have gone towards the stone bridge as the servants had said, but instead of crossing it, by some means he had been recalled to the house. Evidently ne had entered by the very window against which she was now kneeling. The path to this was so secluded, and the whole wing so remote from the rest of the house, that it was no wonder no one had seen his approach. Here in this room his life had been attempted for the sake of the giant ruby in his possession, and all her senses grew dizzy and dim as she remembered that sharp report which had awakened the echoes of the house, and the.dark stain which after- wards she had seen upon the hearth. Here in this room where she was kneeling Oswald Grant had been foully, treacherously murdered—murdered, she could not doubt, by the man who was her sister's accepted lover, while the father she had adored had been at the least an accessory after the act. Nothing was wanting in the ghastly tale to make its proof more certain still. She had always known that an underground passage existed beneath the Abbey, though where it led had long since been forgotten. No doubt, the entrance to it was in this old room, and her father who had so long occu- pied it exclusively, naturally knew the secret. The hidden way had been open- ed, the murdered man flung down into its untrodden depths, and it was from the heart of his unhallowed grave that the echo of his voice had reached her as she knelt in the wood. He had call- ed upon her for vengeance, and she had taken the vow, yet now she recoiled from the thought in additional dismay; not even for Oswald Grant's dear sake could she denounce her father to the law, and give him up to justice. All she had, ever heard of the secret passage thrilled through her brain again. It had been last used in the time of that poor Lady Myrtle, whose ghost was said to haunt the Friar's Dingle. She had striven to escape by it to join her lover, but being discover- ed by her relentless father, he had im- prisoned her in the lonely watch-tower, where she had languished for many weary years until death released her. Still it was said her skeleton hand might be seen at night, grasping the rusting bars of what was once her pri- son window, and often her shadow form seemed to flit among the darkness of the little wood, wringing its hands and calling faintly to the handsome lover who had vowed to set her free. She could not think, she could not pray; the horror of it all held her dumb, when suddenly she heard - the echo of a man's step approaching down the corridor. It could only be Eric— the footman's step sounded so differ- ently owing to his velvet-soled shoes, and Rachel, hardly knowing what she did, sprang to her feet eager to fly. She felt a very passion of hatred surging in her heart for this handsome, smiling man, who had won all hearts with the debonair grace which had hidden so black a heart. (To be continued.) 