Three Cornish Stories. i. ' There edn' no sich thing as ghosts,' said Mrs. Tonkin ; ' but we do be' old the sperrits of the dead just when the breath do leave the body, before they are gone total and complete, but when they no be gone they don't never come back ; they can't, or else they don't want to.' ' Sperrits of the living,' added Mrs Tre- witohen, 'is different. Ef you see the sperrit of a live man weu the days do lengthen, the man will live long ; but ef you seen et when the days do shorten, he will die soon. 'Twas August month when Vaylor Dick saw his wife's sperrit, and she died on Miobaelmas day . Dick oorue into our house one night to touch a pipe with the maister. ' Et was a bad night, with wind and flaw. The lamp was lit, bat the blind was up, and Diok was setting by the window. Sadden he see his wife's face, as white as a wall, and ehinen wet with the rain, glazen (staring) in upon him. He got np and went, out, tninken she'd come to oall 'en baok for some- then; but there wadn' nobody there. Diok was in a brave fright, you may be sure. 'A runued home as hard as 'a could, and there 'a ded find his wife sprinklen linen ; and when be asked her, she Baid she hadn't stirred abroad that night Then et oome to him how 'twas August month, and the days a-shortenen, and his heart sank in him. But 'a dedn' tell he what he'd seen, for fear she'd go mazed with the fright of et ; 'a just keeped queeat and waited, poor man, and hoped aud feared for six weeks ; and then the fever oome, and Dick's wife was the first et took. ' Ess, sure, so 'a was, poor soul,' exclaimed Mrs Polsue.' I d' mind et well ; et was the year mother died, dear beauty,!' ' D'ye mind what oome to our poor dead Kate's husband tue night mother died ?' asked Mrs Tonkin. 'Ens, sure; 'at was a queer thing,' said MrsPolBue Jeff ry, you're the one to tell chat.' Mr Trembath stopped paoing the room, and begau as follows : — ii. , Et was about this time of year, and the boats were up to Plymouth after the herring. There was the time when 1 had a boat myself, the Vashti et was called, and Jack Semmons, who married our sister Kate, was in it with me. We had a spell of bad weather — very dirty weather 'twas that winter — and the boat was kept in harbour night after night. Us used to sleep aboard mostly ; but onoe et happened, I don't mind . how, that we were all ashore for the night — all but Jack, who stayed aboard to mind the boat. In che morning, when we oome aboard, we found Jaok looken brae'm wisht. ' Lads,' says he, ' souiethen queer come to me last night. I woke up in the middle of my sleep, thinken somethen moved on my faoe. 1 lay there all of a sweat in the dark ; there wadn' nothen astir, but I felt as et the cabin was full of somethen. Then I did hear a sound, like as ef someone was rubben hands softly together to rub the eauld out. Et wadpen here nor there ; et Beemed all over the oabin at once ; and et turned my sweat to a shever. I ooulden move, though I tried; I lay there and. glazed and strained my eyes to see, tell I felt the dark press down on them like a blaok cloth. And then lads,' says Jack, ' I felt a hand pass over my face- such a small, soft hand. Thinks I, I'd know that hand ; tber's only one hand as soft and small as that ; et's dear m&wther; Jenny's hand, sure enough. After a bit I put up my hand to touch to 'nt. Et dedn'c move away, but it was gone — melted, like, atween my hand and my faoe ; and my hand touched my own flesh. Now, lads,' said Jaok, ' what do ye think of et ? What do that hand mean P' ' Et is a token,' said I, ' a token of some- then, and I don't like to think what.' And sure enough', that day a letter come from home telleu us mawther had died in the night. 'Eh, et was a wisht thing, sure,' said Mrs. Polsue. ' But to my mind the strang est token of all that ever happened in our family was tho one that oome to father with the lily.' And this is the story as she told it. hi. When mawther died, she was buried in our family grave up to the simmetery ; and father planted a lily over her. 'A taeled et and watered et, but do what he would, et woulden flower nor flourish. Every Sunday for most a year he put on his black coat and went up there and tended et, but et wadden no manner of use. But at last, one Sunday he oome home, and says to me, 'Jane, I do believe mawther's lily have made a start at last. Simmen to me et looks like budden,' says he. Father was brae'm glad over et, fdr he had set his heart on maken that lily grow. Next Sunday he went again. When he oome baok he was in a fine state. ' Et is out !' he says, et is in blowth — the biggest, whitest lily ever you behold — a beauty aud no mistake. £ am maia glad, that I am. But Jane,' sayH he, 'I well tell ye a queer thing. I was standen looken at et, and thin ken upon j our mawther, and I see the stalk bend over, aad that lily did nod to me— ef I do live et did. Jane,' says he, ' et did look to me like a token from your mawther, same as ef she was spaken to me.' ' Hauld your tongue !' sayB I, ' et was the wind.' ' There was no wind blawen to-da>,' says he. ' Then you were dreamen,' says I. , ' Et may be so,' says father. But he was took dangerous next day, and died pfore next Sunday come round. — Ghxbi.es Lbe. 