"THE MYSTERY OF MELANIE." PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. 3B&3T "''ST'S.CS'fcODB? Pow©3?s . tftuthorof "A Secret of the Past," "A Perilous Venture," &c.;( &c;« COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER XV.— (Continued,) . "Promise that you will be there, Melanle. . X will wait all the afternoon, for you If you iDnly tell me that you will' come." Her eyes were again fixed on his as ho Bpoke. The look of terror in them for a moment softened Into an expression, of ten derness — of love. "Be It so, then, Alan," she said, her voice chopping to a whisper. "I trust you utterly. I can never, never again meet such as you! iYts; I will be there. Then we can talk free ly — you and I — to ourselves." ' A ' long, quivering Bigh followed these Words, and again she lay back, with closed jeyes. against the cushions. ' And . by this time they had emerged upon the highroad leading direct to the Chase, and to the village half a mile beyond. . The afternoon tea at the Chase was rather B. disappointing affair, notwithstanding the praiseworthy efforts of Mrs. Lawless and Miss Katherine to keep up a lively cross-fire Of conversation. The visit to the Moated Grange, with its tragic ending, had cast a gloom over every body's spirits, and even the bright, cheerful, olcl drawing-room, with its oriel, windows, locking out over a rolling park, Btudded with great -elms and oaks, failed to restore the element of liveliness to Harold Dering's guests. "I am sure I hope things will look up a little when we get to Telgncroft," Mrs. Law- les at last said to. Miss Katherine in an "aside." This is dreadfully depressing." At the same moment Ethel Penton was ex pressing some of her pent-up .feelings to her sister. "It is really intolerable that that odious girl should put us all into this state!!' Ethel said, with a very wrathful glance at Me lanle. Hilda only sighed in answer. Her sweet face was pale, and her eyes wore a. look of disappointment. The day had been colour less and wearisome to her, and she already .wished that it was at an end. At six o'clock the landau from Telgncroft arrived at the ChaBe, and Harold's brougham .tyas also drawn up at the door. "Thank heaven!" Mrs. Lawless said fer vently, as she deposited her ample person amid the luxurious cushions of the brough- ,am. "I thought I should have choked everv minute during the ordeal of that dreadful tea!" , "Surely the worst Is over," was Miss Katherine's consoling answer. "Telgncroft is always a cheerful house. And a good dinner :1s an excellent antidote for those Who have supped full of horrors. You'll see!" Miss Katherine's hopeful prophecy was, in part, at least, fulfilled. The Urightly-llt dining-room at Teigncroft, the glorious fire, With a blazing log crowning its ruddy pile, the savoury odours of the viands, the flash of sliver and cut-glass, the array of flowers, and the pretty costumes of the girls, all ccmbined to counteract the gloomy influen ces of the visit to the Moated Grange; and as the night wore on everybody seemed to be In fairly good form once more. Melanie again wore the rich dark- blue vel vet costume, with Its heavy cream lace at the throat and wrists, the scarlet girdle and slippers, the glittering jewels on her firgers, and Alice's chain and pendant about her neck. Alan Graham's eyes followed every move ment of hers all through that night, just as though he were feasting on the loveliness o" pome favourite picture. ' All too soon for him the night came to lan end, and the carriage from the Hall rolled round to the front door. "You won't forget to-morrow afternoon?" he whispered, as he assisted Melanle into th< vehicle and helped her to arrange the rugs. "Never fear. I shall be there as early Jin I can." "I will wait until night, if necessary," ho whispered back, and then made his adteux to the others. , "Alan, my boy," George Fenton said to his friend, half an hour later, as the two leunged In the smoking-room. "I fear you are treading on dangerous ground. Don't you think you had better draw the line — new?" ; Alan Graham suddenly tossed his cigar Into the grate, and Impulsively caught one of George's hands in his. 1 "Look here, George: I can trust you— And I must tell somebody!" he cried, his fuce and eyes aglow. "I'm going to meet .that, girl to-morrow afternoon, and I will ..' opkfher to he my wife. If she refuses me, 1 si) fill never know a happy day again!" CHAPTER XVI.— JUDITH DARE IS ! STARTLED. ' , Melanle was strangely silent as they drove pack to the Hall. When they arrived she went up slowly to her own room and cast herself into the big armchair in which she had so often sat dur ing the past eventful week. ' "Yes — yes, nothing can shake me now." was the. thought that filled her heart. "My plans are formed. It Is too late to shrink! Come what may, I will tell him so clearly— to-mor- rinv." There was a light knock at the door, and Alice entered. "Melanle, won't you take some supper be fore you go to bed?" ' "No, Alice, nothing; but I am so glad you have come!" Melanle said, rising and ap proaching her friend. "I want to say a word to you, darling. I want to ask you to forgive jne." "To forgive you, Melanle?" Alice faltered, end a sudden colour rose to her cheeks. "For .what?" "For any trouble— any pain or bitterness I may have caused you, Alice," was Melanie's low-spoken reply; and now she had wreathed her arms about Alice's waist, and her face sank upon the other's shoulder. "Alice. I would not willingly pain you for all the wide world. Whatever you may here after think of me— however you may blame and detest me— of one thing', at least, you may always be assured. It Is this. I never voluntarily injured you" by word or act. I Ipyed you from the moment our eyes first met: and for the extraordinary manner In which we have been situated towards each pther— you and I — since my coming here Fate, and Fate only, is responsible. It has been none of my doing! In coming here, I came simply and solely \to see you once again— to bid you farewell 'before you should pass out of my life for ever, and into the keeping of another. No sinister motives of any kind sug gested my unexpected, visit. But you look puzzled, and even frightened. Alice." she bibke oft, with a long, quivering sigh, "I shall not weary you with any further words to-night. One thing only I will ask you. Do you believe that- 1 have spoken sincerely and genuinely to you now? Do you give me cre dit for this, at least?" She. lifted her head, and gazed steadfastly, pleadingly, into Alice's eyes. It was the first time, since their acquaintance had be gun, , that Alice had seen her look like this. Alice hardly knew what to say; and Mela nle was at once aware of her hesitation. "You will not answer! You distrust me utterly— and I have brought this upon my own head!" Melanle cried, (bursting into French. "What is left to me In life, Alice, if you lose 'faith in my friendship!" "You are excited, -Melanle — your nerves are unstrung," Alice said hurriedly. "You should not have visited that unlucky house. The shock has been too much for you." "Ah, it was a shock! But, still, still it has opened my eyes to my true position, and' filled me with' the desire to atone somewhat for my acts. Alice, I cannot explain things further to-night. Since you refuse to be convinced of my sincerity, I can only wait until you know all— and then, at least, you may be more merciful. I will speak fully, perhaps to-morrow— or, if my courage fail me, I mayi write1 the confession instead. Yes; I think that would be easier for me. I will write everything to you from London; for I 'leave here to-morrow, If possible. I can re- . main no longer lii. this p!:e." "Leave here to-morrow, Melanle?" Alice echoed. "Surely, there Is no necessity for that." -- / Yet there was a faint tone of relief in her voice, and Melanie's sensitive ear perceived it. . ' "I must go, Alice. I dare not linger! I have never before been subjected to such a trial — and only that I can trust fully in the affection and sincerity of a true friend and champion,. I should be desperate indeed! I shall ask his advice to-morrow, and -f/Ill act as he says. Qh, how my head aches!" she broke off suddenly, with a little moan and shiver. "Good night, Alice, leave me now!" . . ' Impulsively Alice stooped and kissed her, and Melanle: clung to her for a moment, but spoke no further wor.d. Then Alice was gone, closing. the door softly behind her. Next morning Melanie was suffering from a nervous headache, and breakfasted In her own room; nor did she come downstairs un til luncheon was over, and even then she looked anything but well. "My. dear,- you should not have got up at all, I fear," kind Miss Katherine said. "And if you take my advice, you will go to bed again; for you are as pale as a ghost this moment." "I think I shall venture out of doors, for a little walk, in the afternoon," Melanle said; "ana, lii.inij meantime, x win icluiu w room and lie down. I do feel ill, Miss Des mond." , This conversation took place In the Oak Room, and at the same moment. Alice and Harold were In the conservatory below. Ha rold had lunched at the Hall, and waB now urging Alice to take a stroll with him through the park. But the girl firmly re fused "I cannot go to-day," she said, coldly. 'I am engaged otherwise, and I really must ask you to excuse me, Harold, for the re mainder of the afternoon." The colour leaped to Harold's dark face. He was silent for a moment, as If cheeking the hot and bitter words that rose to his suppose, then, I may accept that as my dismissal for the rest of the day? he said, with a ring of uncontrollable anger in hlg voice. "Oh, I do not mean anything of the kind," Alice returned. "I simply wish to tell you that I have an engagement for the after noon; but of course, you can remain, if you wish. Miss Garaye will be down presently, I daresay, and she can entertain you, sure- ly." "Let her entertain Alan Graham, If she feels inclined to," Harold retorted passion ately. "I do not wish to Intrude on his pre rogative, I assure you." And with these bitter words on her lips he turned and swung out of the room, ana a moment later Alice saw him cross the ter race and disappear amid the trees of the avenue. That sharp arrqw of humiliated pride again quivered In the girl s heart; but she compresed her lips and forced her spirit to rise above this weakness. "I shall say nothing — I shall conceal my true feelings until she Is gone," Alice decid ed "Then he shall know my full mind— ere I break through this humiliating bond for eVAbout two hours later Alice left the house and strolled across the park in the direction of the wood. It was a dull, threatening af ternoon, with a wailing wind amid the trees and o .vrack of tattered clouds fleeing across the livid skies. Alice drew her cloak closer about her slender shoulders, as she entered the wood. She felt chilled— both in mind and body. Her own prospects seemed to her just now to he as gloomy and cheerless as this dismal day, and her heart — so hopeful and happy until Melanie's arrival at the Hall- was now the prey to distrust, bitterness and a vague, formless foreboding. She was on her way to Judith's Dare's cot tage—according to her promise to Davy, the crippled boy— but she could not bring fcerself to take the dear.fi familiar path, leading to Mona's Bower, and the rustic bridge. That scene would henceforth awaken within her memories that were best forgotten, or at least suffered to lie undisturbed beneath the withered leaves of dead hopes in her heart. She therefore selected another path,' that carried her to the highest part of the wood, far above the head of the winding gorge, spanned by the fustic bridge. ' She walked on slowly, listening vaguely to the dirge of the rising storm and the melancholy rustle of the falling leaves. To the heart charged with the bitterness of regretful memory, no other sound on earth Is so full of sadness as that wistful rustle of the autumn wind In the leaves — that sob and shudder, rising and falling, coming and go ing, and touching the strings of pain within us with every fitful fluctuation. The fleeing clouds had by this time formed into livid masses and were trooping more slowly across the sky. The afternoon was darkening, and already this woodland path was filled with growing shadows. Alice had reached a high bend of the path, ' just ere it falls again; and glancing' down through a long vista, her eyes fell suddenly on a man s figure, who, standing on a lower path, seemed to be peering eagerly between the trees at some object still farther below. nn thtm2Jne«t Allc? recognised this figure wli w Se k' foreign-looking man whom she seen on the old road to the ; Grange on- the previous afternoon. He was KyJTatchine ,somethlnC or somebody with an all-encrrnsflinn- j „ / lowing the direction of his eyes, Alice vaguelv f, far below' the wild gorge® the tii %Ur" S8S&.-S1SS &SS; ci 'oo ooukl not be thoroughly assured of this m?6,. ? seen Melan!e but for a few moments that day, and the French girl had hinted at her appointment with Alan. at i,oTih,?.«TineiX?ected.,&llmpse; f the scone she had wished to avoid filled Alice's heart with a new bitterness, and after that momentary glance she hurriedly averted her eyes and pursued her way to Judith Dare s cottage. At last she arrived, and there at the open door sat little Davy, his large eyes erazlntr from his pale face, evidently i in the look-out for his expected visitor. Instantly the sadness faded from his face -as Alice a»- Poored and a smile was there Instead. Welcome, welcome,' Miss Alice." Davv said, and at the same moment Judith Dare appeared from the kitchen, T„'m7if..brA0,Vsht £?ck the key of the Grange. Judith. Alice said, as she patted Davy's thin cheek with that gentle, caressing touch of hers— -the sure sign-manual of a kind, sym pathetic heart. . . "Oh,, deerie, deerle. why did 'ee go to that wisht house! Judith croaked, as she led th-» way fo. the cottage kitchen, where. a handful of blazing sticks burned on the hearth. . -Aj'ce helped Davy back to his usual corner by the fire. Then she seated herself close to him, and Judith crouched on the hearth. . 'You shouldn't ha' ventured there. Miss Alice! It's an unlooky place. No good comes o' goin' Inside that door!" "Well. I shan't go again, I think, In a hurry, Judith," Alice answered. "It is an unlucky place. I do believe; and I don't wonder at peo- pie shunning It. We wouldn't, have gone at all only that there was a stranger— Mr. Gra ham— with us, who wished to " see the Grange."' ."Well, 'well, Miss Alice, 'tis a long time since I had a chance of a word with 'ee," Judith said, after a pause, "and when I was down In the village, the other day, all the talk was about yourself and Mr. Harold Der- lrig, and your marriage that is to be. And my heart was proud to hear it, Miss Alice; for the Derings were ever a noble family, and always visited at the Hall, and Mr. Harold Is a fine, handsome young gentle man, child, and you couldn't' find one to suit you better In all the country round." ' r' . Alice was thankful that the growing sha- j flows, and the dying firelight mercifully com bined to hide her face just now from; ' old Judith's keen scrutiny. These well-inten tioned words were Inexpressibly painful to the girl, and. she made no' reply. "Surely, 'tis true, Miss Alice? 'Tlsn't only village clack?" Judith asked, with evident concern in her voice. Thus urged Alice felt compelled to an swer. ' "Don't ask me any such questions, Judith, dear, until I come again,", she said,, sup pressing a sigh. "Then I will tell you every thing. And now I want to know all about yourself and Davy. Do , you require any thing— bedclothes, flour, potatoes— anything like that? One thing you certainly seem' to be short of, Judith," and she glanced. at the hearth, ' "I must see that coals are sent to' you to-morrow." ' "Well, Miss Alice, we did burn .--the last a few days ago; and that reminds me. I'll have to go an' gather some firewood before evenin' falls. I'd ha' gone during the day, but Davy wasn't well and'he felt lonesome, somehow, an' I didn't like to leave him. An' If you'll only stay with him now, Miss Alice, until I come back, it'll be a charity. I won't be long." "Very well, Judith," said Alice at once. "I promise to cheer him up, If I can, until you return." " So Judith took her rope and knife and set out for her bundle of firewood, and Alice and Davy had the cottage all to themselves. The shadows were deepening rapidly, and hv this time the storm was pealing through the wood and whistling eerily between the crevices of the door and window- frame. Alice stirred up the sticks Into a blaze and Davy smiled gratefully as he crouched near er to the genial warmth. Alice was, mean while, relating one of the Arabian Night's wondrous tales, and Davy was listening, spell-bound, to the recital. But the story came to an end at last; and still Judith had not returned. "It Is growing very late" Alice said, draw ing out her tiny watch and stooping closer to the flame, to examine the dial. "Why, it is nearly six o'clock! Aunt Katherine will wonder at my absence." She lapsed Into silence, listening abstract edly to the wild clamour of the storm. What was keeping Judith? It was unfair of her to linger like this. "Davy, do you think you would feel lonely If " the girl was just beginning, when the cottage door was suddenly opened, and Judith Dare tottered into the room. "Miss Alice, Miss Alice, shut the door be hind me — for the love of God!" she gasped, In a broken whisper; then she staggered feebly forward and sank down, moaning and shivering, on the floor. (TO BR CONTINUED.) 