[?] 1 LITE STORY. BOOK II THE MASKED VENUS. A WAIF OF THE WORLD GHAPTEB X, After the ball -— On the ' aphro dite.'— Josef turned adrift.— Homeward bodnd. — Gordon's commission, — At Campoformio. — Orton'b dilemma. ' This woman has a history. This American haunted the Rae de Jena, and boa followed Stahrenatein to his death. There is surelv money in this for me. This woman is a prize ! I will ran back to Nice. The ' story of Camp'formin' is Trorth a high price ! I will hoid it back ,uatil I get my pay ; bat I will not fall into the hands of the cruel Russian, or this bright-eyed devil who carries only death and rain in her train. Four days later, Joseph discreetly made bis inquiries at tho Hotel Ohouvain. ' Mr. Alfred Braton' was still too ill to see any one but his friend and oeeond, Orton, was keenly observant of Josef, who told him that Odessa was the destination of tbe Russian lover and his blood-bought Sultana. ' I will hold tbe Campoformio busi ness to the last, — for money,— for a great price ! Besides, if I am theie, I con run over. into Austria in four hours! The new Lord of Stahrenatein may give me a home! I will at least be safe. Money, money I must have. Why do they all hound the beautiful stranger down?' Orton was'puzzled by the cool assur ' ance of the menial companion of Max Stahrenstein's varied adventures./ Spy, tool, and instrumentjof evil, Josef was the depository of the secrets of tbe glittering soeiul esclandres of . the dead votary ©f Pleasure. 'I will tell yon the teat at Campoformio!' said tbe valet. ' This fellow knows more than he adeaits. He can put me on the right traek, if he wishes. It will take solid gold to loosen his lips. But I will find her yet throo&h; him. I will not worry poor Brayton until he is well. It may be after all that Jenks and Gordon are the Tight men. The three are all chasing this 'modest, queenly' Irene Hope,— this nysterious 1 Mees' Isabel,'— this flaunt ing masked VenuB, — I wonder how many more 'alias' names she has already figured trader? Where was she nurtured? 7 What early adventure turned her loose, at once wanton and vampire ? I am cer tainlp safe!' the worldly-wise ' Hawk ehaw' chuckled. 'Ibaveacboiceofthree employers ; and a stylish European trip is not disagreeable ! But why does not Lieutenant Gordon come over here him self ? I suppose his soldierly pride will mot let him leave his regiment while it is ad active service.' ' Josef !' said Orton, (who was never tiager, hi; professional coolness restrain ing hioa), ' you must now go down to Villefranche and stay at my hotel. Remain there, subject to my orders ! I will go over to Oampoformio with you as soon as my wounded friend goes home to America. He does not care to be pointed out every hour as the slayer of Baroa Adolf !' ' I am at your service !' Josef re marked. ' An be sure to pick up all the gossip yon can about this affair- You can run ap to Monte Carlo ; but keep away from 38'ice.' Orton .was satisfied with the outlook. ' By Jove ! I have it now ! I will let Brayton give me his definite orders ! When I have loyally executed them, I am free to deal later with Jenks, or the Lieutenant ! I am also operating en my own account. I believe there is aome great estate mixed up in this mys tery. A reckless woman, usually, is allowed to go to the dogs in her own fashion, but everybody seems to want the Masked Venus.' Three weeks later, Beaverly Seaton entered, at Nice, the express train for Paris. ' Go along a few stations with me Orton !' said he ; 'I want to lose this town from sight as soon as I can. STow, let us close up our business first. I wish you to take a run over to the Italian ports, and then go over to the Brenner route to Fiirstenfeld. I feel that I can trust you to do what is right.' The wounded man leaned baok in the compartment and gazed inquir 'ingly at Orton. ' It tires me to talk,' he resumed. ' What are your sugges tions ?' 'I only wish to know how far you wiBh ine to go in expense : — and your limita tions as to time!' Orton answered. ' Moreover, to whom do 'I report? I am at yonr service,' ' Send your letters to me, care of In spector Walling, General Police Head quarters, New York City. Use three months (it yon need tbe time,) and stop at five thousands dollars' ex pense. If you close up to the work sooner, come home at once. Leave a full report for me with the Inspector at New York. I may go away for . a time. I wish to forget !' and Seaton indicated the receding city of Nice, by a tied. 'Get every detail of the lifn led by the womanat Schloss Stahrenstein's. You need not pursue her farther. It is too late,— too late.' Beverly Seaton dropped his head in his hands, and seemed to dream. ' I'll write you from Paris to the hotel Ohan vain, — and after I reach America, I will send my letters to the American Ex change Paris ; — write them your chang . ing adresses !' The silence was awkward. Orton was already provided with money, and a few necessary notes as to his. duties. The train whistled loudly, — a station was near. ' Goodbye, old fellow said the duellist. ' You stood by me like a man. I will never forgive you.' 1 -As Orton wrung Septon's bond not] jumped from the train, he felt in his I heart that his generous employer was j glad to part with him ; for the ghost of , Adolf Stahrenatein might be called up by the presence of thu man who stood be side bis slayer on the nnforgotten nightof the Bal Masque. Phineas Orton walked tho Promenade des Anglais thoughtfully tbe day after his return, smokiDg his evening cigar, and watching ' The white and ghostiv flight of schooners out to sea.' — 'A roving commission, with full power, and liberal terms ! My only trouble is, where to begin !' bo meditated ~ thus. CastiDg a glance at the bright stars, swinging op in a saphire east, he mur mured : ' She is over there. ByJove, I would like to unravel t hat mystery. I would like to catch her. But I have nothing to hold her on.' And it sud denly flashed over bim tbat 'Mr. Alfred Brayton' had carried away all the proofs j and evidence ; for the disgrunted Jenks had written him how sternly ' Brayton' bad withheld all the token of 'Mees Isabel's' complicity, and also Irene Hope's supposed guilt. 'By Heavens ! I wonder ! I swear I cannot tell. Is this man friend or foe, to tbejmasked Venus ?' And the tiger like look on Brayton's face, as he leaped on Stahrenatein, came back to his memory. 'He struck him without a word, and called out this is my qnarel.' He bad only f een tbe card then. He knew tbe name, but not the face. What can he be ? A modern MenelauB (chas ing a very rnscrupulous Helen,)— a dis oppointed lover, — an old protector, — or a relative ? No ! He can be no rela tive ; he would have known more from the first. Did Gordon betray, and then abip away, his 'light o'love' ? 'I will drift awhile! I am now. alone. Everyone knows me here. If I am watched, they wili surely approach me, sooner or later. Josef I will call up here at once. I' will operate on his cupidity. . A little money now, — a little more by-and-by, — and much promised, which Josef will not get. I supposed he robbed the luggage of the brothers ; trust him for that. I will show myself freely around the haunts of this gay town. — No one will harm me. As for the finale, Vogue la galere! it will be all the same in fifty years. Just the Bame whether the Masked Venus live a crow ned ro&iere;, or died a wealthy Measalina, with a store of jewels and a fund of in. teresting reminisceneB. Your chaste nun, and your. painted Ninion de l'Enclos, alike sleep quietly, whether in the com mon fosse, or under a huge stone besprink led with egregious lies, chiselled in crum bling marble !' Phineas Orton was a bit of a home spun philosopher. 'Ah ! Very good !' he murmured, as the polite Chef de Bureau handed him a telegram, on entering his hostelry. ' Pinkertnn ! I suppose ! Some new job !' Orton mused. The telegram, from the American Exchange aa Paris, read :— ' Important documents from America mailed yon, registered to-day. Report their receipt. Instructions cabled nslor their immediate delivery. Answer im mediately.' ( To Be Continued.') 