A SEA TRAGEDY. 'A MURDEROUS COOK" A despatch from Newport Xev,:-. i/l Eth November, is as follows:— The TJ.S.S. Lancaster dropped in Hampton Roads this morning tron, Babia, Brazil. In military confint!r.:nt on the warship are five men of tlu rr-i of the schooner Oliver Peekęr. -.- y captain, J. W. Whitman, of HodUar.ć Me., and first mate, Wm. Saundo.-;. nr Sandy Cove, N.S., were murdered at ih August last. In tlie ship's brig do:.-. ly confined Is Jos. Anderson. 11 ner's cook, who is the self-confesst-i: perpetrator of the murders, and who afterward set Pre to the vessel. The Oiitt Pecker sailed from Boston 2Tth Juiir wilh a cargo of lumber for Baliia. ana the story of this tragedy of the s»a is told best in the words of the murderer, who to-night gave to the Associated Press the following version of his crime: "1 was put aboard the Olive Peck-r. a two-masted schooner from Boston to Eahia, and had to serve the captain as he servant. I had good reason to believthat the captain did not take to mt. an-j I- 'vas always in fear of my iife whenever he sot into his mad fits. He hal a dor which veas always coming into th:- cooic house iind annoying me. On the day of our title difficulty the animal casinside ana I threw a boiler of hot watvr on him. Veil, he howled, and tlie ntii thing X knevt the captain was cominifor me. I went his cabin and he commenced cursing me, telling me that sort of thing Ład to stop. I did not sar anything to hińj. and he ordered into his cabin to tnafc, up bis bed. This was in the morning. \ "I made up his bet_ ana he ordered ir." out with a volley or mhs. I saw be vras in mean humor and determined to arm myself against him. 1'iaiew the captain had some pistols in fr^ cabin and I went back to get one of the* jUEt soon as I entered the capfit^ fj re; j beer bottle at me. and seeingvt[lat I dodged it lie picked up a pistol frwi fe table and sent a ^iill in my direction 1 had got my hand on a weapon wTi t was lying oil the corner of his table, ai^ of course, I opened fire on the rascal. 11, first bullet took effect in his format and the second one went into his lirc-ap. killing him almost instantly. I went upon deck called to the mat-, rt; was in the fore rigging. "He shouted down to me, asking .l -;: I wanted. I told him to come dm. that the captain wanted him in tt in. He started down, and ul ... > reached the deck I went for tin:, t was an old fellow, with irhitli ry. • felt like smashing him with ir.y "isi. VI - looked at me as if to inquire my ity to order him about, and I 1-V'.!W the weapon at bis old bewliirt.r-i head, saying at the same time : die like the dog you are.' With I pulled the trigger, and the in:: dropped to the deck, rolling to tli r -r: side of the ship. "I then went down into tin- c:':-r, thinking I would be able to tai:-' tl? ship myself. I saw that the tai.:i: was a ghost and I came upon <jeek aga : " The mate was groaning and I felt i: K duty to put him out of his misery. 0ii= more shot did the act. I secured tis captain's other pistol, and after g-'rfc: the mate a second bullet I startedtoward the crew, who were aft. uit'r. J pistol in each hand and gave tbiir. t' understand that I was to lie master c.' the Olive Pecker and that th? first rr.:r. who undertook to disobey mv lrden would have to suffer the consequent They carried out mv commands w:tl «: a murmur. "I first ordered them te t!:W.v mate's body overboard, an<! iln\ "' went down into the cabin and i>r ;:--'• up the captain's corpse, dlspiisinir '"i in like manner. Next I orders 1 . men to get out the oil satiirai-.-:fcwhole vessel, fore and aft. in racls manner that she would burn up . They did that, and then we ?ot •"' belongings and prepared to take :o ifc boats after setting fire to the old tV.if My chum and I went down in en- 0: '.i' boats while the other four me:i took t' another. They pulled off in a differrs direction from us and we never them again until we met in i>ri='sn is Bahia. They must have peaeiu d or te for no sooner had wo landed frrai ;t! ship we had taken than the placed us under arrest and sa.t"- 0 | Balila. _ I "The Pecker was one mouth out Boston, and was within two days " -Bahia when all this happened. \- ^ a two-masted schooner, and starredonwith a crew of eight." I This statement was sent ashore1-y ® officer of marine. The officer stated j when the men -were thrown into I at Bahia, the- United Slates W-f® | that port communicated v.-ith rl.v department- at "Washington coii^n®.' the arrest of the murderer aiid i'- complices, and received instruct: place them aboard the cruiser ; which at-the time was several imnoff miles south of Bahia- ami wnHi _ be ordered to that port as soen as slble. The seamen remained in 'hesjprison at Bahia for four week* the arrival of the Lancaster. Win "men were sent aboard the cruist were found to be so filthy and P oy "' 1: Mt!u, that it was necessary to give them M and new .wearing apparel. T h *' was ordered in irons and the s of the unfortunate crew were l ,Iace ?s military confinement. The fixv r are under the impression that tl:o ^ being held as witnesses asaina cook and will be expected lo test:*! he murdered the captain and n™'' , Is more than probable, however, •they will not only be used as "'•"^j against the murderer, but wdl 1 iana convicted on the charge nr. ji Ship on the high seas. The 0:1^ A men 'J ot the' Olive Peckcr s • William Horsburg. Andrew t- ' J Manuel Bavriat. John Leni • 'JB^WłiŁ./ . He Do you think ii wrong f"^ir " to iiss'a gtrl he-is not engage* ' • ^ i thinK tt would be wrong t^ I to all the girls he ki- \- • 