A SISTER'S TREACHERY. was the day of tho midsummer pionio at Ells ville. lb was a perfect day ; no ono had been disappointed ! the girls were Tirp1.1,v hlin mpri gallant, and the hampers wore known to Contain the triumphs of the village house wives'culinary slcill. Maude Borrien anil her you ng sister Irnm wore indisputably the most beautiful' girls presonb, Maud 'a affianced, Leigh Raymond, thought, with reason. Ho was a happy man on this fair day, for Maude had : consented to set an early dato for their marriage, and lw was i deeply .in love. Maudo'B face was radiant, her dark oyea sparkling, with health and the joy of living, her gay spirits sotting the keynoto of the occasion. Pretty Irma w.ih more quiet. She was, scarcely present on the footing of a young lady, for she was barely 1C, and small and shy for her age. But there was tlio promise of a superb womanhood before Irma ; her hair was a burnished mass of gold threads ; hor great lustrous eyes, full of unfathomable shadows, spoko of a deep, emotional nature ; her cheeks were lilto faint pink rose leaves, and tho: exquisite lips seemed to tremble with their own richness of colour. She, too was especially happy, for Leigh had given her a spray from tho bunch of (lowers Maudo wore at her breast. She loveil her winter dearly, but did nob know why she felt so blissfully content when Leigh was noar. She only know that ho would bo tho dearest brothor in tho world and that no other man could equal him. No bitterness was mingled with her sweot, unconscious dreams of him, and the world glowed brightly before her. The long, happy day wherein tho loves had danced and played among the villago lads and lasses to tho great fluttering of simple hearts, was drawing to a close. The carriages wero ranged in line, groups wore calling lo each other, and baskets and bundles were put in their places. Heavy clouds loomod up in tho West, and tho breeze had changed to a chill, ominouB wind. I " Has anyone seen Irma latoly T in quired Maude, looking anxiously around.' "And Mr. Raymond—whoro in ho?" asltod someone. "I think they liavo cone up tilo hill," said Ella Waite. "Mr. Kaymond'wanted io show us tho cave and natural gateway unions tho rocks. Irrau urtjed ino to (jo, but it seemod too lotifj and hard a climb, and I declinod. Thuy said thoy would bo buck soon—lonp; heforo it was time to no homo." " How unfortunato," said Maude. "Tho clouds are rolling up fast, and now wo must wait for them. I'leaso 1^0 up that way somebody, and call as loudly us you can." Two youn^ men immediately started for tho hills, and their lusty voices wero soon heard in rin(;ini; shouts. No answer came, and impatiently the party waited, whila the aky jjrow dark and the wind swept violently through tho trees. At length some of the older men declared tho women and children must .«tart for home, and if somebody would volunteer to look for tho missini; ones a a carriage could ho loft for thoir use. Tho two younj; men before-mentioned voluii: tcered to mako the search, and tho train of carriages started homeward at a rapid, pace. Ovor tlio Berrien lioinosteud :a cloud of anxiety brootled. The storm burst furiously before tlio picnickers wore fairly sheltered, und u dark, rainy nighb sottled down. Miuido wundercd from room to room, her oyes houvy, tlio muecles of-her, fuco working nervously. Mrs. Borrien sal near tho wood (ire builb for hbr benefit, weeping softly, while tho father pacod from window to window, stopping to gaze from ouch with anxious looks and knitted brows.' Ten, clevon, twelve o'clock came, and still tho delinquents hud nob returned. TMr;: Berrien summoned his man. and together: they drovo away in tho darkness and rain to, aid in tlio search. Tho storm had; quioted down to ndulf, steady rain, bub tlio' clouds wore still heavy and low, making tlio night as dark as a night can be. In tho gray' morning tho searchors re turned, wet through, weary and aorrowfui, No trace, except a handkerchief of Irma's picked up.in tho cavo, could be found of the absent ones. Maudo urousod herself to find frosh men who would talco up the search', or her father and tho others could do nothing more until refreshed and rested. Sho accomplished her purpose, and scvoral more weary hours drugged along. Sho had nob slept or rested one momont, and still wandered despairingly, from room to room. At two o'clock in tho ufternoon a carriago camo swiftly up the driveway. Rlaude flow to tho steps and meb her sistor ns alio sprang out, fresh, radiant, and smiling, us though sho had just roturned from u plcusuro drivo. With white, sot features Maudo grasped her wrist, and turned hor fa o so that she could look stoadily into hor eyes. ' VVhoro havo you been ? " she almost hissoil; " Why, Maudo ! How strangely you look at mo ! You uro not angry 1 I'll tell you all uboub it. Such an udvonturo as wo have had 1 I know you muse liuvo been terribly anxious.but you seo I am all right now." • ■ Leigil camo up thp steps looking weary and troubled. Without giving him uny spcoial greoting Maudo led tho way into the sitting room. Irma kissed her mother and fatlior ; tho lattor was lookii><r afc lior very seriously. " Sconis to mo you're all wonderfully solemn over my return in safety. I thought you would bo delighted. We got lost, Maude, don't you think ! (Joining out of the cuvo wo somehow wandered in tho wrong direction, and you ought to have seen Leigh's face when ho realised that ho didn't actually know which way to go ! Wo saw that a storm was coming up, and oh I how furiously lie did tear through tho Blirubbery, dragging me after him ! He was nlniost angry with mo, because I could net wallc faster. Bui, it seems wo wore going down on tho wrong sido of tho hill, and getting deeper and deeper into tho woods. Wo hurried and panted, but readied no familiar placo, and at last tho rain camo, Wo woro wet through, and oh ! so tired ! I'oor Leigh was miserable to think that ho had brought tne into such a scrape, lie said. But at last wo struck an old overgrown rend n.[w' follnwn.l it'hinlring ''■ WnnlH us out somewhere-; und wlion it was so dark Wo couldn't aeo our luinda before our facos we stumbled upon an old house. We found J our way in. Leigh had mutches in his case and lie broko up a box and a chair and soon hud a fire in the big fireplace of what had been a sitting-room. I hardly know how he managed it, but lie collected wood and kopt a blazing fire all night, and wo pot dry and warm. For the rain kept falling, and ib was eo pitchy dark that it was no use to go out again. As soon as ovor it was daylight Leigh wont to find some inhabited spot, and returned in two houra with a carriage. We wont to a farmhouse, where the woman had a good warm breakfast ready for us, and mado me lie down and rest for hulf-an hour while she pressed out my rumpled gown. Then her son drove us home in the carriage, and hero wo are, safe and sound, and awfully glad to get homo." Before Loigh could udd a word of ex planation, Maude said — " Irma stay here and comfort poor mamma, who is very nervous ovor this. Please come into tho library, father—and you, Leigh." When the threo si,nod opposito each other in tho (Jim room, Maude, looking at them with deep, tragic eyes, said— " Loigh, you must marry lrmn—not mo. Our dream is over for ever." " What do you mean, Maudo ? Have you gono mad. child '! " " Father, toll him 1 You know it must bo so. I haven't strength to arguo tho mattor, but no Berrien can boar disgrace. You havo kept Irma away from her homo all night lone—alone—oh, it is terriblo ! " Maude covered her face with her handH, and her Mender form swayed to and fro as though sho would fall. Leigh caught her in bin arms. " Maude, Maude ! I swear that Irma is " " Don't swear to anything I" Maude ex claimed passionately,freoing herself from hit) embraco. " Tho world will not listen to ! your vows—no 0110 asks to hear the wholo story. It is onough— there is nothing more to bo said. You must marry Irma on the day you wero to havo married mo." Leigh looked at her as whito as a sheet, his hands tightly grasping the chair before him, as if to steady himself. " Suppose I refuse ? " " You aro an honourable man. You will not refuse. You and I never can marry in any case." " Do you regard this sacrifice as necessary, Mr. Berrien ? " . Tho father looked grave, and terribly worn and troubled. : " lb is an awful affair, Raymond. I do nob see any other way oub of it. Our whole world knows) iiy this time what has hup poned. I cannot bear that sorrow and disgrace should fall on my little Irma. Marry her, and for_God's sake bo kind to her." " And you, Muude ? How can you com mand me to do this thing? Do you nob love mo, then ? " " Love you ? Oh, Leigh, you can never know how dearly I have loved y.ou 1 " she cried, with wild eyer. " Bub you aro mine no longer. You are Irma's. I muab boar it—1 will 1 Good-bye, Leigh. I cannot talk no more now." Leigh gazed at hor passionately, sorrow fully, reproachfully. He clasped her in his arms and'presF'ed a long Idea upon her lips ; then ho turned and went out of the room. : ' " Go, father, and leave mo alone.. I can not havo a word said," Maude gasped ; and with a look of tho. deepest pity ho left her. An hour afterwards her mothor found her bhoro, lying upon tho floor cold and sense-; lcss. Sho was carried to her room and fondly nursed until sleep visited her weary eyelids. A deep Riumber camo at last, from which sho, did not wako until noon of tho next day. .Never did a raau moro gravoly propose to a woman than did Leigh when,a week lntor, he took Irma's hand in his own and 1 uslced her if she thought she could bo happy with him. ' " But you are to bo Maude's husband ; ,whv do you ask me that JbIio said in.tur pr'iso. " Maude does not want mo. Will you bo my wifo ? " " Is it possible you love mo ?" : " You are a dear, sweet little girl, and I liavo a deep affection for you." " But it will break Muude'a heart. We must not hurt hor." ' " " Maude will not marry mo. Tell me, Irma, what your own heart says." Irmu's beautiful faeo'Uushed und paled, and her great dark eyes grow mysterious und full of emotional lights. 1 " I hiwo loved you from the first timo I saw you, but I thought it was only as a sister. I will do anything you wish." Ho kissed her then and said no moro. The next morning ho went away, not to return until the duy of the wedding. Maudo did not leave her room for several days. When sho did alio was so changed, so wan, that Irma was frightoncd. She tried to carosa hor, as in tho old days, but Maudo would not permit it. "I liavo been ill, but I shall bo well anon. Now, 1 niii very nervous. Don't annoy me." So Irma wept alone. Wlion she knew that slio, nob Maudo, was to marry Loigh, she tried aguiti to gain the old confidence and sympathy of her sister. " Are you grieving because of Leigh, dear Maude'.' If so, though it breaks my lieiyt, 1 will give him up. I do not under stand why ho loves mo instead of you, or why you huvo changed to him, I love him dearer than my own life, but 1 will not coino betweon you." " Hush, child ! Nover talk to me of thin again. You mo to marry Loigh Raymond, and that is nil there is to bo said." lima shrank beforo tho sob, stern face so unfamiliar to her, anil said 110 more. Slio mado a swcot, dangerously beauti ful brido. Hor faco, in its burnished frame glowed with tho radianco of soma othor world, and her graceful form seemed in stinct with lovo and happiness. Leigh mar velled ;is lie kissed the tender tremblinglips at her beauty, and wondered that, ho had realised it so littlo heretofore. Ho did not roaliso that it was tho awakening of hor woman's soul which had so added to hor lovolinoss. Maudo witnessed the marriage, looking, in her white robes, with her snowy face, like tho ghost of some forgotten bride of long ago. Bub no word escaped hor. Sho even congratulated tho wedded pair, clasped their hands and kissed them with lips th.it were as marble. Then they saw hor no move. Sho was not. to bo found when thoy set. out on a brief wedding journey, and whon thoy returned sho had gone away " to visit rolativos." Tt. uottled that Irma »•>.(! her hasbiHsd should live with her paronts forsomo years, at least. Irnyi was too young, thoy said, to leave them for a house o£ her own, and sho had so lont* been their put and din-ling tliab they could not spare her. Loigh was easily induced to comply with their wishes ; ho cared so little now what hi3 future might bo that he was ready to acquiesce in any plan to which Maude did not object. It wassoveral months beforo Maude came home. Irma, more beautiful than over in her new happinoss —for sho had missed ■' nothing in Leigh's tender, protecting alloc- | Lion—was so eager to meet her that all day long sho llitted about like n humming-bird, unable to be (|uiet a moment. The cold, pale, olegant woman who stepped from the carriago seemed scarcely the sister she had onco loved ; but sho lavished upon her all the caresses she would permit. Maude met Leigh with a cool smile and a frank hand shako ; not a glanco or a word meant for him alone did ho receive. He was not as calm and self-possessed as she, and before the evening was over left the little group abruptly, and did not return before they separated for the night. The days went on. Irma, loving her husband and sister with all her passionate nature, grieved that they were not as warm friends as sho could wish. She noticed I heir strange avoidance of each other, their chilly silenco when thrown together, and believed they must have quarrelled. To each she made her plea for mutual forbear ance and kindness. Maudo turned upon her that stern, seb look she had begun to fear, and bade her be quiet. "If you value your own happiness, Irma, let us be as we are. 1 warn you. Never mention our bearing toward each other again." Leigh grew very pale, and a frown con tracted his brow. " Irma, you do not know what.you are saying. Am I not kind to you? Why trouble about my conduct to others." " But I want you to love Maude. Surely she deserves it, and 1 think she is not happy. Sometimes I have a vague feeling that I havo wronged her, and yet I know not how. She said she would not marry you,' and you said the same, and surely if you had not loved me best you would not havo married me. But be kind to her, Leigh, for my sake." "Oh, Irma, you torture mo I Be satisfied with me as 1 am." "Satisfied V 1 um more than satisfied. I tremble and .wonder at my own great happi neBS in being blessed with I ho love of such ii man. Ah, if you knew how deeply I lovo you, Leigh ! You are a part of my very life, and to lose you would be to lose my lifo ; yob, if it were for your happiness to give you up, I would eacrifico my love and my life together. All thore is of me is yours, dear Leigh. Your joy is mine.1' ' Leigh looked deep into the wondrous, passion-lit eyes with a touch of tragic mys tory in their depths and inwardly groaned. To hove won the lovo of such a nature, to deserve and prize it so little ! How sad and perplexing was the whole web of life ! What would be the end ? Irma and her busband were in the habit of riding every fine morning to some spot 'of interest. Maude had joined them a few times but gavo up the*rides presently, and now they never oxpected her to accompany them. But one morning after the horses were ordered, lrma did nob feel well enough to rido, and insisted with pretty petulance that Maude should take her place. .Maude ab last consoni'-"d. looltinu pale and cold," but \ory beautiful, in her dark blue habit. She appeared to unusual advantage'when on horseback. \- it was the arat or many, such rides ; tor Irma continued: to be delicato nnd indis posed to vigorous exercise. : Maude was beginning to lose much of her haughty com posure.. Her checks would flush and pale without apparent cause, and from.a sort of cold, tolerant bearing towards Irma', she became alternately tender, solicitous," or irritable. Leigh grew moody and impatient grieving Irma one moment to overwhelm her the next with cnrcssos ; and the young wife could not determine whether tho two she loved so well were bettor friends than thoy had been, or if she had improved matters by throwing them so much togothor. The winter passed, spring was advanced, and soft, summery days were beginning to appear. Irmd was still, not strong, but very, happy. - Her trusting naturo made its own: happiness when those she loved were neir she saw nothing to trouble her as long as all was well with them. That Maude and Leigh often rode' together now without; asking her if she felt inclined to accompany them pleased rather than disturbed her ; and that bright, lato May morning when she watched them ride away, waving hand kerchiefs and kisses towards her, she was as full of the joy of lifo and love as ever, and smilingly rested on her couch when they were out of sight until slumber closed tho beautiful eyes. But tho hours passed and they did nob return. Not until the day seemed to melt into night's clouds did Irma and her parents fool really alarmed by their pro longed absonce. Something must have happened to keep them away thus, and anxiety was at its height when a messenger on horseback from a distant town dashed up to the door. Mo had a letter to deliver to Mis. Irma Raymond. She pressed it to her lips and heart when she saw it was diroeted in her husband's hand. In her own room, alone, sho read tho words en closed, which wero written by Maude. " Irma, curse us and forgot us. We have tried lo endure and do right, but tho old love, born before your own, is too strong, too overpowering. Irma, t sacrificed my heart, almost my life, in giving up Leigh to you, to save you from even a suspicion of disgrace. I meant to bo honourable. Bub tho burden I Look up was greater than I could bear. Honour, truth, your love— seem as nothing compared with a life apart from my otico betiothed, To live as 1 have lived, cooing him bound to another, would bo madness. Remember, Irma, lie was mine first. You nro young, you will out grow this sorrow and lovo someone who is all your own. It was this, or death. You will never hear from us again. Henco forth wo are dead to all who have over known us, " Maudo." Thrice Irma's cyos travelled ovor the hurriedly writton pitgo before she could realise tho full meaning of the words. Then, with tho lottor clasped in both hands, and moaning pitifully, she sank to tho floor—not mercifully unconscious, but unablo to move. They found her tlioro, and sorrowfully carried her to hod. Heart broken her fafchor and mother hung ovor hor, doing whatever love and skill oould suggest for tho sufferer. But it was of 10 avail. " Why did ho marry me, mother 1 Why did ho marry mo, loving Maudo was hor sole cry. Sho was gently told tho story. She poemed too much shocked at the truth to speak, and lay for days with her face to tiio wall, noticing no ono. At last, one evening, sho turned toward tho light glowing through a western window, and smiling onco more joyfully, said— " Tlioy can bo happy now, mothor. It will bo all right now, for I shall not be in their way." And in a few moments sweeb Irma was dead. 