CYCLING GOSSIP. (By YELLOW FELLOW.) And so it has come to pass that the League of Western Australian Wheelmen has not one solitaiy rider who is capable of starting off the scratch mark in a handicap race. Well! well! many people believed that such was the case all along, but no one expected that the League handicappers (Messrs. Scott <t Wright) were going to publicly declare that fact. In fact, too, even the bitterest opponents of the League will admit that no such declaration of the weakness of the League riders should iever have been made public. It can do no good and it is quite possible that it will do the colony a deal of harm, so far as cycling matters are concerned. In the circumstances the L.W.A W. deserve sympathy. Messrs. Scott and Wright may think that they have done something veiy clever in consequence of their action being unique, but as their work speaks for itself, the public can form a very fair estimate of the amount of sagacity which those gentlemen possess in the matter of handicapping in cycling events. Now, on Friday next at the Eight Hours' Sports there will be no half-mile handicap, no one mile handicap, and no two-mile handicap, and this no' withstanding that a half-mile, a one-mile, and a two-mile handicap are advertised for that day. Not bad ! As to the matter of the handicaps for the Eight Hours' Day. Sports, let us look at them. The virtual scratch men are—in the half-mile handicap, Bunning, Healy and Clairs on 15 yds.; in the one-mile handicap, Bunning and Healey on 25 yds ; and in the twomile handicap,- Healey on" 40 yds. The ghost of some dead and gone rider figures round about the actual scratch mark, which "has been in consequence held sacred. Of course, the dodge in the system of handicapping is apparent. The League handicappers were afraid to let their men start off of marks that would have brought them on an equality with the Fremantle men, as thereby the times registered might show 7 out to the disadvantage of the League. The League men needed to have concessions made them, or so the handicappers indicated, and they accordingly were given concessions The whole thing is a deliberate insult to the League riders^ and if an expression of opinion. were obtained from those riders it would be found that .they do . not thank the handicappers for the reflection which has been cast upon them. If the Union handicappers had'resorted to such questionable tactics we should have heard a" storm of indignant remarks hurled against them aitd they would certainly deserve it for perpetrating such freaks. If the tone of cycling is to be kept up in Western Australia, then fair and square open work will have to be insisted upon. , ' • * * . The recommendation wbich was, on the motion of Mr. C. J. Levien, ordered to be sent from the annual meeting of the W-A.C.U. last; Monday night to the Union Council with respect to riders qualifying in heats being compelled to start in finals, is certainly worthy of notice, and Mr. Levien for bringing it forward is entitled to a deal of credit. What the Union Council has been recommended to do is to bring in. a racing rule to the effect that any rider w ho qualifies in the heat of any race, shall, unless he is rendered incapable, be compelled to start in tlie final •of that race,- and in case he neglected to comply with the rule, that he should be disqualified for the rem tinder of the meeting in-which he was then taking part. Some "riders object to the proposed rule, but those riders should .bear in mind that tlie p iblic-pay them to ride, and the pub'.ic should Ise pro tected against such" occurences !as : took, place on the Oval at the recent Spring Fete .meeting, when out of six -riders who qualified for the half-mile handle tp only three started in the flual. In their own mterestsracing men should welcome the proposed rule, for it will tend to increase the interest of the public in the races, aud if the public patronise the sport in a liberal manner there is every chance of the prizes becoming more substantial, a matter whi;h should meet with the approval of the racing men \- ". * , * * Messrs. A. Shaw, T. Parker, aud J. H. Kelly have been appointed to represent the Port Cycling and Touring Club on the new council of the W. A. Cyclists' Union. The Port Cycling and Touring Club decided out of courtesy to the Metropolitan Cycling Club to postpone until next Saturday afternoon its attempt upon the Duulop Tire Company's 100 miles relay ride. The first man for the Ports will be sent away from the vicinitv of the Swan Hotel, North Fremantle, at 1 o'clock in the afternoon. The League of Queensland Wheelmen made its second attempt on the Duulop 100 mile relay road record on Satuiday, the 17th ultimo. The time registered was 4 hours 55 mil. 31 sec., or 4 min. better than on the prtvioi.s occasion. According to our exchanges of the 5tb instant, the Banxnalanders had on that date the best time in the competition. ( The latest news from England shows that the Cuca Cup was run on September 3rd, as a 20 miles scratch race for professionals. The winner received £20, besides being the holder of the cup, and the championship of the Crystal Palace for 1898. The second prize was £10; the third, £6 14s; and the fourth, £3 6s. Besides this, lap prises of 2s fid each were paid to the leaders at the end of each lap from the first to the 59th. * * 9s Members of the W.A. Cyclist Union are reminded that the nominations for the one-mile handicap and the two-miles handicap, to be run in connection with the United Fire Brigades' Demonstration on the Fremantle Oval on Wednesday, November 9, will close at 10 o'clock to- night at the variousCvcle Agencies in Fremantle and North Fremantle. * $ Says an Exchange : " The cyclist Antoine de Goedrich has arrived in Paris from Athens, havingaccouiplisbed the distance, about 2,300 miles, in 19 days 6k hours. He met with no serious mishap on the way, but had a narrow escape on the Balkans, where he lost control of his machine on a steep descent. He will cross to England in a few days, and return to Greece, via Belgium and Mor i via." A. McDonald's time (28 days 15 hours) for the 2080 miles from Port Darwin to Adelaide is not in it with de Goedrieh's time, but aiding across Australia and riding across Europe are two vastly different" performances. 