[?] THE PHANTOM STOCKMAN BY GUY EOOTHBT. f i-k ii. H That afternoon, in spite of our j,t_ t " " Honorable left us to retum to \u rr abode. He bad had enough anil to A Warradoona, he said, and as |le f A , / proved himself a very good plucky „ 'f did not exert ourselves very muck t " him change liis mind. t" L j "I never thought he'd prove to ber-i coward," said J im, as we watched the t- disappear behind tlie river timber he's a man extra about the place A 9 '1 those wretched cattle are coming night, we shall want all the hanihve') raise to look after them on tlie jilain : -.."Do you think they will be t. night?" A v "It's more than likely. They 0 -n i have been in this morning, and j can't halt in the scrub they'll be dnnt force of circumstances into eanqiirg 0r .. plain. In that case it will be a p-ujd ! sixpence that our friend the StocknmT 1 give us some trouble, lie geuerallj p au uj/pcdiauLC miiru tiicics u, mou through." "If he does we must tackle him an! I cide once and for all the question of t_ well, of his spirituality, shall I saj' I,; can find a couple of revolvers, I BuppvO , "Half a dozen if need he. and rb. v more, cartridges to fit them." - i We then walked back to the home . gether. It was tea time, and as soonu ? had made ourselves tidy we satdoanu " Half way through the meal there wn heavy step in the verandah, and nntmi'i later, ltutford, Jim's one rem nim: ; man, entered the room. "So you've turned up at last," said <» N? as he became aware of the other's idaio 3=$ "W here are the cattle?" fc-.v "Camped on the plain," wastleirjA "Bad luck to 'em. ' It was as much it - c could, do to get the two black boj»t 3 main with them. Are you coming dou "We'll be down in half an lour c Jim. "This gentleman and im elf r camp witli you to-night and gne ; hand. Nov.- pc'off and get your ic lie disappeared without another vol "But if you two are going to helu r kV cattle what is to become ot me?" i ted I Bpicer. "i cannot be left hereaoie . "Hint's perfectly true," said Jim , never thought of it. Confound tl at n_ : able coward Chudtield. I'll tell tout. I'll do. Minnie. I'll send Ruttord t;; take care of vou. He won't bo surn to evening's comfort, and it is most ingiea, that we should go down, you see, una i - IStoelunan should turn up to-night, L_ does, we hope to bring matters to a era Faithful to our promise, as soon an -,: meal was over, we saddled onr horse tj. - rode down towards the camp lire C-! V v could see burning brightly on tl t plan i low. . ( -. By the time 'we reached it the ara,.. ance of the night had changed, cloiim: covered the sky, and a soft dnzzle n ing. ltutford had taken the tattle don tlie river, and when- they had drunk Ufe, fill, had tailed them slowly on to a. where the two black boys were w r them. It was not a cheerful night, wind had risen, and was inoaiiu (. r- the slieoak trees like a million lo t A more lonesome spot I never u»jini-. that plain. . . jjic- As we approached the fire Button snappishly— . , to "1 suppose you think it s funny to u..-, round a camp, whispering and inoaniq,! order to frighten a man out of lusM" v, "Who has been hanging about t-- x ;v whispering and moaning?" a 1 cd I "Why, you duffer, wc-'vc only just COM Jrf from the homestead. You must bee:,., drunk or dreaming." . : "Dreaming be hanged," he said, ly w you that there's been someone '.nontoto. old round this 'ere camp etrc: dusk!" ji;;- "Aloaning like your grandmother, I?..: -i r T.: i,n„ AnJtnifr. ojHL'er, ut2>ciuuiii& iruiii ins suuuic ' his horse up to a tree near by. 1 -j; to go up to the house aud camp there- to ; Spiccr is all nlone, and 1 think she naf ; frightened. We'll look after tlie c t When he had gone we stretched our-- beside the lire on the blankets we >« a there, and fell to yarning. ; ' 1 can see the whole scene now. Owiq1 .. the heavy clouds mentioned above, d 15 , as dark as the inside of your hat, with U > gleam of light in tlie whole length - , breadth of tlie sky. ltutford had stirrc-1 : . the lire before he left us, and the in- were roaring upwards, when suddenly C » came a long peculiar moan from the s»- /; behind us that brought us up into i posture liko one man. We looked n -t-:, direction whence it seemed to cont.Vg,- saw there, standing in the full light el trf lire, a tall thin man of about utl yen' , age. He had white hair and a lonf .p .- beard. He was dressed, even to his ; boots, in some white material, aiid e-.a ,, ricd a stock whip in liis hand. 11a, fu1'. ;. as pale as death and infinitely sad, seemed to be looking from one to the to of us as if he did not know wlmb I- t dress. ... s; We were both struck dumb with (is-0-?. , ment, until Spicer, raising himselt o» elbow, shouted — . i.:l ' "Hullo, my man! Where do ye- "L Then Hie figure faded away in ness as quietly as it had come, and jo f, just imagine how we stared. -u ;; "Well! This beats all the other B tntions into a cocked hat, erj. s : and seizing a burning stick, aud - follow with another, he dashed "i t scrub in the direction wo suppo- - stranger to have taken. . For upwards of 20 minutes j7?,. „yi high and low, in every possible Inn within 50 yards of the ramp, hut .. success. Not a single trace j 0 ,, r riouB visitor could we discover. returned to the fire aud lay do\m WP anlj a . Spieer's watch was from try r- -' it was almost 8 then he rcsoh ed .j j snatch an hour's sleep before ,'5 , necessary for him to get im > c tjlfllilFmore. He soon gave, up tlie attempt, ;«nCgh we did not see any more of the qJIrct just then, I can assure you we were being easy in our mmds. The "Sfe lind suddenly become very restless, Sfrom their lowing and snorting we iffi tell that they were uneasy. While we fSc l the same peculiar moaning noise iSnn fiom the scrub away to our left. It 2£ndcd for all the world like -the cry ing of £ wo rn 111 in dreadful trouble, but though — fLSeeicd repeatedly into the night and C S away from the fire in that direc- tUW could discover nothing to account o'clock Spicer went on watcli, and -bltbl ck boys came into camp, reporting as very restless. _ _ . rgW gome time after he had gone 7gmn\ blankets, looking up at the sky. a® Itill covered the heavens, and it \j-5„l q if a wet night were pending. .Age time about 10 o'clock Spicer called to ?S> oin him, as something was radically yrarifife i th the mob; so saddling my horse, jS&Vwent; the clouds parted, and for a mtnmcnt the moon slionc brilliantly forth. J® a curious sight that I then beheld. Mrarcaltle — there were about 500 of them— iSE all up, moving to and fro and bellowing Sphnuousfy. What made us the more un- Hi I the fact that now and again the SMhuW in command would separate himself th» mob and Bnilf the wind, after Igtfcli he' would let out a bellow that fairly 'Si- the earth. Whenever lie sees the & d> that a cattle man knows that it pfcus him to stand by and keep his eyes iifngtipUwfth Spicer, I asked him what k&Uiought; was the matter, but for some Sunt he did not answer, 'llien lie said ' '-fcecv' mysteriously— w vou meet him as vou came out. VWeet whom?" I asked. £ h our friend „tie Phantom block- Slie devil! And has he turned up ® itftei looking cautiously round, Jim his horse up alongside mine and said £3ie s been hovering round these cattle for tffrp t half-hour, They can see him, and tktH that's making them so confoundedly You take my word for it, we BfcfcU h ve serious trouble directly 1 #Coniound it all," I said. "That will jrigjn double watches all night, and in this too." Mkt en n't be helped. But you had better tsgtlie boys to be ready in case tbey are jjSSted again." . t "Book look! Here he comes again!" ''tit looked in the direction be indicated, MMf, tiue enough, out of the thick mist Hcl, 1 ow hid the trees along the river Mfik and iuto the half moonlight where we ilftoid, iode the Phantom whom we had seen j©d hours before by our camp fire. But t||re was a difference now; this time lie Cvm mounted on his white, horse,. and Sefemeil to be like us on watcli. At first 1 v-fasSbicd my brain was creating a phantom Mreiiie out of the whirling mist; but the = rKSBCrting and terror of the cattle, as they b&gn; t aware of his presence, soon con- .-iMdgflged me of his reality. sEittle by little the fellow edged HWid the scrub, and then dis- ejmeaied into the fog again, to c yJneSppeai- a minute or two later 011 our left. ' Then lie began to come slowly towards us. Tj&m; tell you the situation was uncanny Bltfel to creep the flesh of a mummy, ffifi sitting loosely in his saddle with hisjstod wliip balanced on his hip; indeed, toAlion how details impress themselves on efefs mind, I can remember that he liad qOMUof his sleeves rolled up and that he fiiglitd his reius slung over his left arm. ?wv$asjffhcn he was within eight or ten paces TOgjvhere we stood my horse, whicli had J$gn u itching him as if turned to stone, Bfflgpenl gave a snort, and, wheeling sharp figraid bolted across the plain as if the devil were behind him. Before I had gone 50 JSSds 1 heard Spicer come thundering after jnfeund we must have had a good two miles gaHoi before we could pull the terrified l)js|ts up. Then we heard the cattle rush- UHfn inile or so oil our right. ,3 1 new they'd go," wailed Spicer; tite re well nigli mad with fright. How, v Wftt the deuce is to be done?" ry and head them, I suppose." vaffifOme on then for all you're worth. . It's Mjg or nothing with us now." 'i3&c; aCt down tlie angle of the plain as VfiSwas our horses could lay their legs to WJfgiouud. It was a near thing, for, hard Wljjjre went, we were only just in time to ESgyent the leaders from plunging into the 1 If you know anything of overland- ijg on 11 understand tlie work we had. As I don't believe we could have Jaanagcil it at all if it had not been for tlie WJ i eo is, or, as I might perhaps say, BPiriUi il aid we received. f Jhilc Spicer took the river side I worked kuand, along the bottom of the cliff, and aB Wtfttuo black boys lind bolted for the liome- ®gjd long before the cattle .broke, we liad OTfoi.e between us to, bring up the tail. 05 .heaven only knows how, the vpautoin Stockman came to our assistance, grift a more perfect drover could scarcely r TSe "ecn, found. He wheeled his cattle agd brought up liis stragglers, boxed 'em bended 'era off, like the oldest hand, fifv o i ever clever a bushman he may have na plainly liis own personality XBM effected the greatest good, for directly tMfn ob saw him they turned tail andstam- -jB|sed ",lck on to the plain like beasts pos- Vjj&t; 1 1 t, however, nve got them rounded riEstogcthei', and then Spicer rode over to "®4ffirc I stood, imd said — tram b an eye to 'em, will you, while I to the camp? I want to get somc- "I "t time to protest, for next minute 3S8£'-lt' ?one> and I was left alone with that . 'lai!SelV w'lonl I could still see dodg- JjaBK -bout ur the mist. When he got bach rKlaKCfp'i".""!11 UP alongside of me and said — ,i!s.t>e''1.I?S a' little too monotonous Wiy thinking." a,re yoH Koing to do?" I gasped, > SliMtanets ttonug in my head like a pair tlie effect of ..this on him," ho nns- "-sWrlvIi i.'"1 spoke he pulled a revolver n «lrl don't care if it sends , 11, across the river." ."S p\'V!',ln' omcnt on his constant round, Ss!w toi„ V ?1,nc .."'to view again. On r snnlt ' 1'",". .cattle were sniffing llt&iv; 1-n 'i1!1' P,ain'y showing that i® a e chll wild witlv terror. This be- »w iE d us completely, for we both WBlinarv ni0i)i would never treat an "?UV8V \Vi i an Jj'd stockman in that Sc'er cr B within 20 pacea o£ us ;'»i!ti?too,P. by iin80- ru put ' OTe''pnt l tb<2 r''0r l'lc fisuuc instantly TlZae iri«ht enough now for us lus face. And, though, as I've said ' before, I'm not a coward as a general rule, . t-ell you that it made mo feel fairly sick, so white and creepy looking was it. Xhen he held up his hand as if in protest and started towards, us. This didn't suit Spicer, however, for lie yelled— tmi Qr ky the living God I swear I'll fire. Stand oil!" figure continued to come towards us. Then Crack! Crack! Oracle! went the revolver, and next moment there was a frightful scream and the sound of galloping hoofs. 1 saw no more, for as Jim iired, my horse reared and fell back, crushing me beneath him. j.1 rURpofe roust have been stunned by the fall, for when I recovered my senses bpicer was leaning over me. "Is he gone'f" 1 asked as soon as I could speak. "Yes! Gone like mad across the plain and the cattle with him. I must either have missed him, or the bullet must have passed clean through him." .As there was now no further reason why we should remain where we were, we re turned to the homestead and told our tale. Then when it was light enough we had our breakfast and mounted our horses and went out into the scrub to look for the cattle we liad lost. By the time dusk fell we had collected 350 out of the 500 head Rut- ford had brought on to tlie Plain. Tlie poor beasts were quite knocked up, and as it was useless thinking of pushing them on .m that condition, we were consequently compelled to eamp them for one more night on that awful plain. But to our delight wc saw no more of the Phantom Stockman. Rex morning while we wore at breakfast, Billy, the black boy, who had been out after tlie horses, came dashing up to the homestead, almost beside himself with ex citement. "Me been find him," lie cried. "Me been find him, nil same fellow what been make debbil debbil longa here." "What do you mean?" asked Spieer, put ting down his cup of tea. "Where have you found the man ?" "Me been find liim longa billabong. My word he most like dead, mine think it." Spicer made a sign to me, and without another word we jumped up and ran in the direction of the stockyard. Mounting our horses, we followed our guide through tlie scrub for a distance of perhaps a mile and a half, until we came to a small billabong or backwater of the main river. Away at the further end we could see a curious white heap, and towards it we gal loped, making our horses put their best feet foremost, you may be sure. On reaching it we found a man lying huddled up upon the ground beneath a low growing tree. He was dressed in a com plete suit of white flannel, his boots were painted the same color, and even his liat was fixed up to match, white. Still looped over his ears was a long grey beard and moustache of false hair. Spieer dismounted, and knelt beside him. After feeling his heart he plucked the beard away, and almost shouted liis astonishmeut aloud. "Good heavens," he cried, "do you recog nise this man?" I stooped and looked. I don't know whe ther you will believe it, but the Pimntom Stockman, the person who had performed such prodigic-s two nights before, was none other tluin our friend Chudfiekl, the young English owner of Yarkn Station, across the river, tlie man who had appeared to be so frightened by the ghost, and who had made it his boast that lie knew nothing at all about bush work. For some moments we stood and stared at biin in stupefied, amazement. I was the first to speak. "Is he dead, do you think?" I asked. "Quite," said Spicer. "Look at this mark under his chin. Galoping through the scrub in the dark the other night to get away from us, he must have been caught by that hough up there, and have been dashed from liis saddle. Heath must have been al most instantaneous." Round liis waist was a long thin cord which ran away some twenty yards or so into the Bush. Wo followed it up, and dis covered a large piece of raw hide tied to the end of it. Spicer examined the latter carefully. "The beast that owned this skin was only killed two days ago," he said. "Now I know, why our cattle were so restless. They smelt the blood, and, as you are aware, that, in variably terrifies them. Cunning beggar, lie pretended to know nothing,, and yet lie knew enough for this." "Yes," I said, "but what about the other night when tlie Phantom appeared, at the. garden fence, and this man was silling in the verandah with us." "Why, lie probably wanted- to. disarm sus-. picioit,'aml so sent his overseer, who must be in the secret, to play the part." "But what was his object in frightening 5 "Can't you guess? Well, just let me find out where our friend's stockvard is situated in the ranges up yonder, and I think I'll bo able to tell vou. I lemember now that when I came' here liis cattle were all over Warradoonn, and that he used the place hist as if it were his own, to say nothing of having his choice of all the unbranded and other 'cattle that former tenants had left "'heaving the body where we had found it, to he picked up on our homeward journey, wc crossed the river and plunged into the scrub beyond. . , . , An hour later we discovered, cunningly hidden in a lonely gully, a big stockyard in which our lost cattle were still penned up. There was no one in sight, and nothing to prove how the animals had got there, hut a clearer case of duffing could scarcely have been found. Moreover, there were branding irons in the shed adjoining, and they were those of Yarka Station. "I think we know quite enough now," said Spicer solemnly, as we mounted our horses to return. "Enough to lay the ghost of the Stock man of Wnrradoona at any rate," 1 re plied. Three hours later we were at home once more, and Chudfield's body was lying in a hut, waiting for the police from Yarra- nanya, who would hold tlie inquest. A black hoy had meanwhile been sent across to Yarka station to inform the manager of the catastrophe. Our lunch that day was a mixture of hap piness and sadness. Happiness because the mysteiy of the phantom stockman had been cleared up for good and all, and' sadness be cause of the pain that was inseparable from the discovery of a friend's duplicity. When tlie meal was at an end we passed into the verandah. After a little conversa tion there Spicer disappeared, to return in a few moments with a pick-axe and a basket of tools. . , "What are you going to do? I inquired, as he set them down in the passage, and took off his coat. "I want, if possible, to discover how those screams were worked," he replied. "It I looks like being a long job; so if you will t y?U n asslBtanco in ripping up these "Cards I shall be very grateful." Of course I'll help," I said, and there upon set to work. But though we labored for the best part ot the afternoon, the result was disappoint ing in the extreme. Nothing but dry earth an,d wood shavings confronted us. I hat being so, we'll take down the posts that support the walls on either side," said dim, and as he spoke he attacked that upon which the lamp was fixed. "If we can't niid anything there we'll continue to pull the house to pieces until we do." But we were spared that trouble. On loosening the post in question we made an important discovery. It was hollow from end to end, and in the cavity reposc-d a lea den pipe, about ail inch in diameter. We consulted together for a moment, and then took the pick axe into my bedroom, and ripped up a plank in the floor. By this means we were able to see tlie pipe crossed the room and passed under the fur ther wall. Outside we picked it up once more, and traced it past tlie well, the kit chen and the stockyard into the scrub where it entered an enormous blasted gum tree standing fifty yards or so from the house. "I «ee the whole thing as clear as day light, cried Spicer joyfully, as he mounted the tree and prepared to lower himself into the hollow. "I believe we've solved the mystery of the shrieks at night, and now tlie whole thing is as simple as A B C. Go hack to the house and listen." , I did as lie wished, and when I had been in the passage about a minute, was re warded by hearing a scream re-echo through the house, followed by a mufHed cry, "O save me! Save me!" As the sound died away Mrs. Spicer came running into the house from the kitchen witli a scared face. A moment later we were joined by her husband. "Hid you hear that scream, Jim?" she in quired anxiously. "I thought you said wo 8)iould not be worried by it again?" He put liis arm round her waist, and drew her towards him. "Nor shall we, little woman," he said. "That scream was to let us know that the Phantom is laid at last, and that after to day this place is going to be as sweet and homely as any a man could wish to live in. That poor beggar in tlie lint there tried to keep it empty ns long as he could for his own purposes, hut I heat him in" the end. Now I've got it for a quarter its value, and whatever else he may have done we must not forget that we owe that, at least, to our old enemy the Phantom Stockman of Wnr radoona." — Nobel's Hamburg Hynamito Company. 