A Welcome Sign. The recent Anglican Synod held in Sydney will, we trust, become memor able as a turning point in the history of that great Church. It is to be regretted that the daily press gave to the public so feeble and inadequate a report of its proceedings, and particularly of the magnificent debate which was of special interest to all the Protestant Churches. The Eev. Mervyn Archdall, who represents that large section of Anglican ministers and laymen who are still loyal to the glorious Protestant traditions . of their Church, is entitled to the sympathy and gratitude of the whole Church of God for his fearless and able indictment of those who eat the bread of Protes tantism, while, as emissaries of Eoman ism, they endeavour to undermine and destroy the Protestant faith. Mr. Archdall is well-known as an earnest evangelical minister of Christ, and as a stalwart champion of the Protes tant faith, but he never spoke with greatest power or wielded a greater in fluence for good than he did at the recent Synod. With piles of documen tary evidence at hand, with the cordial sympathy of a majority of the Synod, and with a soul burning with righteous indignation, he most ably re-asserted the doctrines of the Eeformation as the doctrines of the Anglican Church, and denounced the faithlessness of prelates and clergy who had striven and are still striving to transform Anglicanism into a bastard Eomanism. As might have been expected, Mr. Archdall's resolution, which was in tended to re-assert the illegality of innovationsjlin doctrine and practice which had not the sanction of the Church in its corporate capacity, aroused a storm of wrath and opposition from those who nam a nndnr its finndmn nation. And had the Synod been pre sided over by some prelates we know, it is doubtful whether Mr. Archdall would have been allowed to say the plain wholesome truth. Fortunately for this diocese, however, the Sydnod was presided over by Archbishop Smith, who never lacks common sense, and who is above trumpery appeals to sacerdotal dignity ; and when, on the authority of the Archbishop, Mr. Archdall was justified in his attempt to defend what he believed to be the truth, some of the Eitualistic clergy and laifcy metaphorically put their fingers in their ears and ran, as if they expected the floor of the Chapter House to open and swallow up the Synod. That, however, did not happen, and some attempt, though it must be confessed a very feeble one, was made by the Eitualists to meet the facts and arguments so ably presented by Mr. Archdall and those who stood with him. In reply Mr. Archdall was overwhelming, and completed the work so well begun in his opening address. The vote in favor of his resolution was carried by a large majority and was received with great rejoicing. Now it is not too much to say that the Anglican Church in New South Wales, and possibly throughout the whole of Australia will be affected by the passing of Mr. Archdall's resolutions. The diocese of Sydney is the premier diocese, and the seat of the Archbishop, and o.-ntr mnxramDnf in rlofnnr-a nf 'Pvr»_ vi. uuv a. ^ testant principles of Anglicanism in itiated in Sydney is likely to spread and bring about much good. Some of . the provincial bishops are not sound Pro testants, and they have introduced clergy who are in sympathy ^ with their own views, and the result is that in some localities there is but little differ ence between Anglicanism and Eoman ism. The Grand Church of the Eefor mation is being made into a mere out house of the Vatican. But the move ment that has been initiated in the Sydney diocese will, we trust, lead to a general attack on the Eomanising tactics of the Eitualistic clergy. It is, we believe, a welcome sign that the Anglican flock, though sadly ravaged and torn by some false and dishonest shepherds, is soon to see better times ; and this sign is welcomed by every Protestant Church in the land, and by none more than our own. While we never fail to raise up a banner against the false teaching and sacerdotal prac tices of High Anglicanism we are, in common with other Christian Churches, in closest spiritual sympathy with the godly, evangelical clergy and laity who are incessantly labouring to save the people, and to maintain the Protestant character of the Church of the Eeforma tion. Possibly some day there will be a great drawing together of all evan gelical Churches, with some kind of Christian federation ; but even if that should never come, the true and noble r men who are doing God's work in the Anglican Church may always count upon the heartiest sympathy and co operation of the sister Churches, both in the work of evangelising the people and in repelling the assaults of ' the common enemy of Protestant Christi anity. Most of our readers have The Geelong heard of the Geelong Con Convention. vention, and several have been there and ' still would go.' The Convention has a character of its own, and never relies upon the publication of names to draw an audience. We learn from the Spec tator that the meetings this year were largely attended, perhaps more largely than ever before. At the evening meet ings the hall was densely packed, and hundreds were unable to enter the build ing. ' Numerous testimonies were given as to the great spiritual uplifting received during the Convention. Many declared that they had entered into the fulness of religious life, and had beeu baptised with the Holy Ghost.' The subject of the Conference this year was ' True Witness Bearing,' and amongst others who took a prominent part were Father Watsford, Eevs. D. O'Donnell, S. C. Kent, A. W. Webb, and S. Knight. Several of these are to take part in the Convention in Tork-street next week, and will no doubt come amongst us in the fulness of the blessing of the gospel of peace There has been very St. John gratifying activity during Ambulance, the last few months in the laudable work carried on by the St. John Ambulance Associa tion. Most of the suburbs have had a course of ?' first aid ' lectures, and a large number of persons of both sexes haiye qualified for the certificate of competency issued by the Association, The instruction given is most valuable, and the utility of this work is beyond question ; hence we are pi art to be able to RDeak wnrds nf unqualified commendation, and to express the hope that active steps will be taken in every suburb to spread still further the advantages of this course of helpful instruction. We deeply regret to learn A Word of of the great bereavement, Sympathy, under exceptionally pain ful circumstances, that has fallen upon our old friend, Mr. John Coates, M.I.C.E., of. Montreal, Canada, and formerly of Melbourne. His only son, George Eeed Coates, a mining engineer of great promise, was recently accidentally shot during a prospecting tour in North West Ontario. Mr. Coates was at one time a prominent member of our Church in Loudon. On his arrival in Melbourne he identified himself with our Church work there, and always when in Sydney placed him self at the service of our Church. We offer our deepest sympathy to Mr. and Mrs. Coates iu the great sorrow that has 'come upon them. The Methodist Recorder thus speaks of the young man so suddenly removed : — ' Mr. George E. Coates was three years at the Leys under the late Dr. Moulton, and was a young man of great promise, having highly cultivated literary tastes. He was an intense admirer of Mr. Matthew Arnold, of whom he wrote a sketch for a Toronto paper. He was a young man of singularly fine disposition — was a splendid baritone singer, and a great favourite. He will be greatly regretted and missed.' 