LXTEE&TUB3K.; Books and their Makers. From the publisher, Mr. James Horsburgh, of Dunedin, comes a volume of verse entitled Poems of the Heart,' by Dagald Ferguson, author oi u Job and other sacred poems,' ' Bush life,' &e.; Mr, Ferguson is the Hogg of New Zealand, and, like the Ettrick shepherd, has wooed the If use while tending: his flocks on the Obago bills His verse is familiar to the readers ofthelooal journals, by whom it is much appre ciated, and he haB already published another volume of poems and an autobiographical novel entitled ' Bush Life.' The chief poem ia the present volume is entitled ' Castle Gay,' and conveys the poet's theories of contentment in life. A farmer, struggling on from year to year to clear his farm and leave a competence, is unex pectedly bequeathed £20,000. His wife wishes to launch out and buy a run, but the husband merely pnts up a better house, which he calls Castle Gay, improves his farm, and there dwells without ostentation with his family growing up around him. Mr. Ferguson has a facility for narrative ▼erse, but hi6 best work is not to be found in it. The homely short pieces, and especially the Scotch pieces— such as ' The Haidie,' quo ted below — are the best in the book. The work has been well turned out by the publisher in the matter of printing and general get-up, but the process blocks of the illustrations are inferior — probably due to ihe fact that there is not yet an illustrated journal in Dunedin, and, consequently, process work lacks development there. Here is ' The Plaidie,' which famishes a good example of the shepherd poet's more homely style, in spite of the weakness of such a line as the last : — THE PLAIDIE. Awa' wi* your new-fangled fashions untidy, Your Inverness capes I'd no value a straw, Gi'e me for my am pairt a guii Scottish plaidie, } For comfort and neatness the pride o' them a*. ' Hoo weel a man feels when the Winter sets cauldlr. An' the winds froe the hills whistle frosty an' raw, ,i Tu its waizn faulds aroon' him, he hauds his course Dauldly, Though black be the tempest, and wild, wild it should blaw. It minds o'the clansmen wi' claymores drawn gleaming. When in battle they meant to gi'e foemen a fa', .While wildly th' onset th' bagpipes were screaming, They flung, ere they started, their plaidies awa'. 'When a chief wad appear in his gran' Hielan' costume, Wi' sporran an' buckles, a' shining fu' braw , Hooe'ei rioh his dress is, or hoo much it cost him. If he hasna' his plaid on, he's no' dressed ava'. 0 it's a richt gracefu' costume, if tartan or plaid'n, An' your great-coats and cape-coats it clean dings them a' ; An' ne'er in my dress do I tak' eican pride in, 1 Aa when roun' my shoulthers my plaidie I ca\ ?What cloak could yon find to compare wi' a plaidie. When the dews o' the ere begin saftly to fa'. An' ye stroll ia the lane wi' your lassie beside ye, ' v An' the faulds o' your plaidie o'erreaching ye twa ! jEum) sweet is the scene on a calm Simmer's e'ening, Fr&e;_the lips ye lo'e best to hear loving words fa*. f7hile rbond your dear lassie wi' nae thocht o' sinning, .. The faulds o* your plaidie mair closely you draw i lEoo usefu' it comes to the kind Bhgghppg^aftdie- — v ? When he finds ajfeejaniiirie^alf deid in the snawT' - fcs he tak| sJi-up giStly and faulds't in his plaidie, yViui&uie; puir f rich ted ewie cornea bleating awa' { It's a heartsome companion in Simmer and Winter, When we gang to the kirk, or awa' in the snaw ; And it's weel worth a sang to be sent to the printer, Wi' its lang hinging tashes baith usefu' and braw. ' Literary London, its Lights and Comedies,' by W. P. Ryan, is a book We are likely to hear a good deal of if we do not see much of, for Miss Marie Corelli has commenced proceedings in re gard to it, and the publisher, Mr. Leonard Smithers, has apologised and undertaken not to sell any more copies till the passages objected to are eliminated. OneEnglish critic vouches for the book being ' a perfect seedbed of libel actions if the persons attacked cared to invoke the law.' Mr. Ryan, however, haB repudiated the retraction of his publisher, and expressed his determination to continue the publication of au unemasculated edi tion himself, hence the likelihood of our hearing more. Yet the copy we have before us shows the book to be highly entertaining, generally shrewd, and often decidedly clever. Mr. Ryan is a 30 year-old Tipperary man, of whom much is ex pected. He is literary editor of the ' Sun,' and xeBponsiblo for its notes on ' Men and Things,' and he has already published two novels — ' Star light Through the Thatch ' and ' The Heart of Tipperary.' In his ' Literary London ' he con ceived the idea of constructing an encyclopaedia of ' The Great Young Men ' of contemporary lite rature, drawing the materials from the published ' interviews ' and ' social ' pars regarding them, and seasoning it with his own commentary on their works. The effect is often ludicrous, but must ke very galling to some of the authors who have let their vanity and the importunity of the copy hunting- Jeamesoutran their discretion. ' Neverwas there an age,' saysMr. Ryan,*' in which literature was so communicative ; whether at the eupper table, in the smoking-room, the surgery, the bathroom, or the backyard.' Thus we hear just what various authors eat and rrhat diet, method of bathing, clothing, &c.;, they consider most likely to produce a great author, as evidenced in their own habits. Messrs. Lawrence and Bullen'e ' Encyclopedia of Sport ' has now reached Part XIV., of which the greater part is devoted to ' Racing.' In the section on jockeys one remark Is not encouraging to amateur jocks. The only amateur jockey thought worthy of mention is the late ' Abing don ' Baird, and this is what is said of him : — ' In spite of wasting and severe privation, he could only take part in welter races. By constant practice life acquired considerable skill, and at last held his own with fair success against professional opponents of the second class.' Rather severe on the amateur, that. The writer of the article, ' Rapier ' (Mr. A. E. T. Watson), is evidently strongly prejudiced against the starting machine, and Australians will be amused to read this regarding it : — Good staits are by no means assured by the employment of the contrivance. Some horseB never take to it kindly, others become very clever at it, and when it is used there must always be a grave risk of accidents ; for the horses advance to the barrier in a compact line, aud if a vicious, irritable, or ' calfish ' animal kicks out, as some always will, broken limbs are an exceedingly probable result. If there is no machine in front of the field, a jockey whose horse becomes troublesome can ride it on in advance, or swing it to light or left ; the field are not all wedged together. The opinion of the very great majority of those professionally engaged in the sport is most strongly op posed to the starting machine. Mr. Watson is an undoubted authority on English racing, but it is evident that a vipit to Fleming ton or Randwick would teach him a great deal in improved management of race meetings, of which ho has at present no idea. What promises to be a useful series of hand books on electricity is being issued by Whittaker and Co., of London, under the title of the ' Electro- Meohauicat Series,' and the first volume, ' Industrial Electricity ' (pub lished at 2s 6d), is to hand from the publishers. It is translated and adapted from the French of Henry de Grafligny by A. G-. Elliott, B.Sc. As the editor puts it, these hand books ' explain in very clear and non-mechanical language the various applications of electricity.' Iu the original French many thousands of the series have been sold. The first volume touches on nearly all branches, but the next three will be specialised thus : — ' Gas and Petroleum Motors,' ' Distribution of Electricity,' and ' Electro chemistry.' That most eccentrio of black and white, men and most noted example of the ' decadent ' in lineal art, the iate Aubrey Beardsley, is the subject of a kindly memorial article by his friend, Max Beer bohm; ia the May ' Idler.' 'The interest is en hanced by the publication of a large number of drawings, either fiew or little known, which well JAlnstrate the mixture of genius, eccentricity, and grotesquerie which made the artist famous. Beardsley, it seems, was a victim to pulmonary consumption, and was always expected to die young. He was ' more like a ghost than a living man.' The knowledge of this, coupled with the remarkable precocity of his neurotic genius — and eccentric as were the results there was no doubt genius there — caused him to work with feverish activity, so that he crowded a great deal of achievement into a very short life. In spite of this his affectation was to appear a man of leisure, living [among his books, and so no visitor ever saw him at work, or saw any of his rough sketches, or even as much as his materials. It seems that Beardsley re velled iu the ridicule which his ' Yellow Book ' drawings drew from the reviewers, and he played on them a nasty trick. The criticB said he could not draw. In the third number of the short-lived ' Yellow Book ' there appeared two charming drawings by previously unknown artiste. One was a large head of Mantegna, by ' Philip Broughton,' another a pastel-study of a French woman, by ' Albert Foschter.' They were much admired, and the young artists were commended by the critics, one of whom advised Beardsley ' to study and profit by the sound and scholarly draughtsmanship of which Mr. Philip Broughton furnishes another example in his familiar man ner.' Both drawings were by Beardsley. Beards ley was a devoted 6on and, brother, and dwelt al ways with his mother and sister, in whose pre sence he died at Mentone. In his later methods he was gradually departing from the horrible, and his figures more human. One of the best was his illustrations to the ' Savoy ' of these lines of Catullus, which he thus translated and which now read prophetically : — By ways retootc and distant waters sped,. Brother, to thy s.id grave-side am I come, That I may give the last gifts to the dead, And vainly parley with thine ashes dumb : Since she who now bestows and now denies Hath ta'en thee, hapless brother, from mine eyes. But lo 1 these gifts, the heirlooms of past years, Are made sad things to grace thy coffin-sheil, Take tiiem, all drenched with a brother's tears. And, brother, for all time, hail and farewell 1 Max Beerbohm says that ' On the eve of Lis de parture (from England for the Continent, where he died) he was received by Father Sebastian into the Catholic Church.' Other interesting articles in the ' Idler ' (which comes from Messrs. Gordon and Gotch) deal with the British volunteer system and the latest pictures and accounts of the Klondyke re gion. A movement is on foot in Victoria to erect a simple cross over the grave of the poet William Gay, and probably also to have a portrait of him painted and bung in the Bendigo Art Gallery. The Bendigo Philosophical Society, of which the poet was founder and first president, has the mat ter in hand, and admirers of Gay's admirable son nets may 6end contributions to the Bendigo ' Ad vertiser.' Mr. George Griffith is a writer who is emulat ing Rider Haggard in the field of sensational ro mance. In ' The Virgin of the Sun,' published in Bell's Colonial Library, and forwarded through George Robertson and Co., Mr. Griffith has writ ten a readable and highly interesting romance of Pizarro's wonderful conquest of Peru, and of the Incas. For the work he has made a special study of the literature of the period, and there is plenty of local colour and probably a good deal that is historical, or that passes as history, in the story. It is full 6f stirring incident and adventure. Pi zarro's conquest of the Incas with his handful of adventurers opposed to their millions was, in spite of his superior guns and weapons and the treachery which was in those days a part of the art of war, a marvellous feat, and the riches, glories, and civilisation of the vanished Inca must always remain one of the most extraordinary, and so far inexplicable, facts in the world's history. Reviews of Professor Morris's book, ' Austral English,' in England have raised the larrikin controversy there, and Mr. R. S. Sundry has writ ten thus to ' Literature ' : — ' It is a curious fact that the very word ' larrechin ' exists, though it j may be only in patois. When Robert VI. suc ceeded hiB brother in the countship of Boulogne, a.d. 1278, he defined and enlarged the powers of I the mayor and sheriffs (echevins) by giving them authority to ' connoistre, enquerre, manyer et jugier touB murdres, tous arsins, tous raps, tous larrechins, tous homicides, &c.;' Hard c's and h's are characteristic of Bpj'lngnese. A ' vache ' is a 4 vack '_ and ? ' cliat ' is a ' kat ' in local patois Still ; so that, observing this peculiarity, ' larre chin,' pronounced Anglice, gives the exact sound of the Austral word. That it applies here not to the person but to the act — being an archaic form of 4 larcin ' — is a criticism which I hasten to an ticipate. I do not venture even to suggest trans mutation of meaning, nor to ask where it could have been hiding during the centuries.' What is the origin of ' larrikin ' seems to promise equal mystery with the identity of the ' man in the iron mask,' or the letters of ' Junius,' and this in spite of the generally accepted story of the Victo rian Irish policeman. 