West Australian Items. (From our own Correspondent.) 1 Pertlv_7tfli May. Next Saturday he Cremorne com pany open at Cool gaT die, and, after ' playing a short sqason lhcrb,,4our. the 'oilier gold-fields. Haying- recovered from their Illness, Miss Lucy Fraserona j Johnny Coleman appeared iastvSatur- j day. During his brief stay ov?r here i Mr. Harry Riekards ha.s been suffering ! from a severe <old. Next Thursday ( Coleman takes a benefit, previous io ! his leaving for Sydney. He Is certain J to receive a fair "dir." „ . /The , Maggie Moore Company '.arrived here i last week, aud will open hi " Struck i Oil." at the Tuwu Hull next Tuesday, j Extensive alterations have been made | as regards the stage and'; seating ( accontiuod.Tfiou. During rite perfor- j mance of " Struck Oil " Maggie j Moore wiJ! siug "The Suir Spaugled i Banner." . . The elevor young Tds- | mauuiu actor. Max "Maxwell, has al- j ready established himself a-lirin faro- i rite over here. . . . The Westralians , I are uDxiuusi.v waiting Harry .Roberts j iu "the part of John Stole!.. . . . George Jones nud Ettie Williams icu- I dered themselves a benefit in 4 be Royal i Ja-r Saturday. Even the magic words, j " Under Governor Soxto's patronage/ j did uot manage to make it a success. L . . Mr. Charles Raymond has been | engaged by Miss Moore ito assist Percy | Ward in his managerial duties. Tim i right man in the right place. ... . . j A local paper lias taken upon irself the I task of dispelling a rumor that May j Lewis -is Will Stevens' wife'. . . , | Frank Clark and Charlie Cogill nro i running a. variety show down at Ftv- i mantle. They report splendid business, I and reckon that the ghost will walk I every week. Charlie is treating the | Fremautlciies to " lleury Did/' which , 'has caught on. Everyone in virat i town is whistling 13ie muc. Miss AJicft ; St. .Tuliii is "included in 'the r.jmpntjy. | Also Miss Elsie Bin, formerly of Mel- jKDtinic, The Bovis Brother.-?. Dick j Sheppard. and several others go to make up a srrong bill. 