MILDRED. Br Mes. MABY J. HOLMES. CHAPTER 5- — CosrvsrzD.) f T««, fw core pka-wd Uaa so »» r&e.; Let ber ease, tees," wra ri a reply, »od, "curry - tzg to rrii-i, MOd red told rer wait to wanted. , ' Oh, I cib'!, I raroj't - ioi f flitn drew bid. « I lia't sued to riuk Wire ! I don't knew whit to do. Yot iUt, Miily, tevri s ce«z, gccd girl' iT3_. r > — 'T mrtioto XJ , x ««y ») — - — B" ' — Oliver, rv4 neglected birn Jot !=,' (=d, eteiag T niin i bowed no rigct of yielding, (be ted ner by tbe ira, isd Isri rrer into Lewrenoe'i chamber. Sit there,' tee raid, pitting her in i chvir by tie bed- oie, ' md, when he wikea, give Ha this.' jri - rj to tometein is 1 cop, whits the dc»— er hid prepared. ' Oh, it'e so dire, and hit fuse » white,' tobbed LiHic, wfcSe Haired, feeHnz itrosgiy tncSrad to box ber eare, bade her case core rit KQ1, iai tees harried iwiy. Ibere't grit for yes,' mustered the J sdge, who, in the next roots, had owerbeara the whole. There's i girl worth having. Why, Td gire ruore for MiDy'i little finger tfem for thii gata pertei'i whole hedy. Afraid of the dark— little fcol ! How can be coo round ber le he dost Bat IR pat i Sea in his tax. HI tell him that is MBdred Howeii'i boe, whea the thought be to dead, I aw who it wm the 1 erred. I ia sot blind,' srd the Jndge paced ap end down the room, while Miidrey kept'oo ber w»y, »nd ecoa reached the gibleo' A pretty tune of d»v to get fcere,' grorf/ Hrpty ; . 'liter the wont is o rsz, and be; to bed- Td are the: city sprig foe Oliver, Oaaaaatwr, peaa go got > white Mildred, wound be, eras .read her hot teen oTppzx/ Jarfbg'oHTer''53 sra 4X63 < Ikoew«c»ast><reteenK>' b-'i why did tot risk your UIor ii= 3 7. 7 < Qj-eoother, will tot go down 7 Oiirer said nattering soastfaisgihOTt 'being gted toei rid of cosh SMtishness,' old Hepty hobbled yd downstairs. Wbsa rare host she wis gone, Osjver pls-osd i ' bend os each side of the fine beading ot er bin, isd aid : ' Don't think nse. Mildred ; I don't deserve it, for ray firai wicked thosght us to let hire drown, bet, when I recaessbered bow math yoc loTed him, 1 aid fn are bin for MfQy, er«s thoaga I die. It is fir better thit the poor cripple ehocH be drowned this the kisdscme Liwreose. Do tot lore me more for aricg hiss, MiHy Y 'Yet, ret,' mswered Mildred ; 'ind so does liliic, or she win when I sell her ; for, tot know, yoa aTed sirs for ber, not for tse.' ' Mildred, aid Olirer, Uricg his eUrsray hind npos ber bib, ' Wbeo Lnwresoe Tbomtc-s wu ricking in the rirer, whose Bias do TOT think he ailed ;' ' filtis's T md, by the din light cf the csndle bcrrnicg ot the stand, CHirer aw the qaiTerisg cf ber lip. ' Ko, aiding, not LSiis ; bat " MiHy, dear UiHjr." That =u whit be aid ; led there wir i wotM of fore ia the way be raid is Mildred" ( eyes were bright as dtiswads, bst OHtst! were dim with tears, and he cot Id not see bow they sparkled and Sashed, while a smile of joy broke orer the face. He only knew that both Mildred's hinds were laid apos his forbad as if she wooii dcobly bless bin for the words whiea be hid spoken. There was rilenoe a coon set, and then Mildred's face came so near to his that he felt ber breath, and MOd red whispered, timidly : ' Are yea certain, (Hirer, that yea hard aright 1 Wasn't it Lilian ! Tell me again jttst what be raid.' ' MDly, dear Willy,' and Oliver's rcise was foil of yearning tenderness, as if the words welled np from the Tery depths of his own hari. ?he looked so bright, so beantifnl, sitting there beside him, that he weald willingly hare given his life, cenld he have pot his arms arcond ber and told her bow he loTed her. Dot it most net be, and, with a mighty effort, which filled the bice Tries on his forehead and forced cat the drops of perrpirasioo, he eonqaered the desire, bat not cntil be closed his eye to tact cat her glowing batty. ' Yea are tired.' she arid. ' I am waring yea oot,' and, arranging his pillows more comfortably, she made a move to go. He let ber think be was tired, for he wocld rather the shock! lare him, and, with a wbisprred ' good -by, dar Olirer,' she glided from the room. CHAPTER XL « LAW- RES CI DECTTTZD AiTJ CTDZCtr. id). Per a time after Mildred left him, Lawrence slept oo qnietly, and Lilian gradually felt her fears sob- siding, psarifcniariy as Rachel brcoght in a lamp and placed it a poo the man tie. Still, she was Terr nervces, and she rat Jobbing behind her handker chief nnril Lawrence ebowrd signs of waking ; then, remembering what MOd red had raid of some thing in a cap, she held it to his Bps, bidding him drink, bat be won Id not, and setting it down, she went back to her crying, thinking it mean in Mildred to leareber there so long, when she wasn't a bit accestoened to sick folks. Scddenly she felt a hand laid upon her own, and, starting ap, she raw Lawrence Thornton locking ' at her. Instantly all her fortitude gare way, and, laying ber face on the pillow beside hirf, she jobbed : ' Ob, Lawrence, Lawrence ! Tm so glad yoa ain't dead, and haTe waked cp at last, for it's dreadfnl sitting here alone.' Drawing her near to him, the yoang man said : ' Poor child, hare yon been here long 7 Yea, ever since the doctor left,' she answered. Mildred is with Clafcs. I don't believe she'd care a bit if yoc thonld die.' ' Mildred — Mildred, ' Lawrence repeated, as if trying to recall something in the past ' Then it was yoa who were with me in all that dreadfnl agony, when my life came back again I I fancied it to Mildred.' Lilian had not the cocrage to andeosive him, for there was ao nristaking the feeling which prompted him to smooth her golden carls and call ber Fairy.' Still she mast ear something, and to she raid ' I held the cap to yonr lips a Httie while ago.' ' I know yoa did,' he answered. ' Yoa are a dear girl, Lilian. Now tell me all atoat it, and who raTed my life.' Waked ap in the very nick of time,' mattered the Jndge, who all the while h»d been in the next room, and who hid been awake last long ecccgh to hear all that had passed between Lawrence and Lilian. ' Yes, sir, jart in the nick of time, and now well hear what soft-pate has to ray,' and moving nearer to the oexft be zssasosa wane f Ttvr toH Lawrence iow Oliver had takes him from the river and laid H= aider a tree, where be was frond by two d tbe viHagect, who fcrccgbi sin Thee,' said she, 'tier sect foe the docsce, whs aid all cf crori tbxsgt, s=t3 tcc came to life aid wect to sleep.' ' tnr. MSired wasm't here at all,' said Lawreooe, sadly- ' Why did she stay whh Oarer 1 What aEsHmf He had -the nose bleed, I beSeve, answered T nt,-. 'Yoa know he's weak, and getting yoc cat of the water made Km rice, I ptppose. Miiored -kt« cf Oliver than cf yoa, I gsesa.' ' The deans ebe does,' mattered tie Ltfe, ami be was abott going In to charge LsHaa wirh ber dapSrity, when MQdred herself appeared, ana be re sained his seat to bear what next world cccar. I am scrry I had to Leave yea,' the raid, going ap to lawrtsase, ' hat poor Oliver heeded the care of some coe beads c-ld Hepey, and I dare ray yoc have frond a competent can in L3daa-" ' Tea, Palrr has been Terr kind,' sa3 L'.vresx, taking the yitnz girl's hand, «I '«= sadly off witboat her. Eii wh« 7 Madrid did not then k ao<i>!SW a shock OTirer had reodved, andy"?' was very weak, btt wotld hoped, be better scot.' 'I shall go down5 =« aarinz my Iwremce'i next remark, while Mildred aike'® tririsi qneatiOT cc-nrereinz himself. , thtnder doo't she tell Km all aboat it T „_yf the Jndge, beginning to grow impatient 7v<ty don't the tell him bow ehe worked like an ji, whCe t'other one sat on the door and stive'lad f Then tf he heard Mildred ray thai ehe most go ted tee wHca cf the negroes weald ray with ?-;-> that night be cot tinned hie mn tiering : 'Mildred's a feed — Tnsmtoa'i a fool — and thai LSian's a cr.atn- cate fed ; "cat TD fix "em ; and striding into the roxn, jnrt as Mildred was leaving it, he said, ' Gipsy, come bark. Ton needn't go after a nigger. IH stay with Lawrence myself.' It wis ia rain that both Lawrence and Mildred re-roastrated against in The Jndge was in earnest. ' Unless, indeed, tot want to watch," and he tamed to Lilian : ' Yea ire snch a capital csra? — not a bit afraid of the dark, nor sick fo-'b. tot know," and he t'ctrtied her mder the chin while she began to stammer cat z 'Oh, I carn't I I cam-'t It's tto hard — tto hard." ' Of COTrse, it's too hard," said Lawrenre, a.maxed at the Jndge's precostratn. ' Lilian is tco delicate for than she ccgit to be in bed this monerr, t.tor chQa. She's teen sadly tireid coday," and he koked pitying'. v at Lfliar, who, feeling that in acme way wholly unknown to herself she had been ) terribly aggrieved, begsa to cry, and left the room. ! ' Look cot that there don't stmetiiag catch ycc in the hall,' the Jo ire cailei after her, shrtgrtng his shoo Hers and thinking that not many boon weald els pise ere be pretty thoreaghly tmdeoeired Lawresre Thornton- Rot in this be began to fancy he might be <Hs- appointed, for scot after Mildred left them. La went fell away to sleep, resting »v criet 2y that the Jndge woild no: awake him, hat ra: listening to hts Lead breathings ont3 be himsel; grew drowsy. Bo: Lawrence distcrbed him. and after a few short nods, he straightened np, exclaiming, ' the oot- foendedest snnrer I ever heard- I can bear him with est deaf ear. Jnst Usten, will tot f and be frowned wrathfolly at the curtained bed, where lay the ttneonsrioas cbiect of his OTgirarions. ' It's of no need he said a: last, as be heard the dock strike one. ' No cse to he sitting here. Nothing short of aa esrthqnake cot Id wake him, and sleep wni do him more good thin thai slash in the nop. I ain't going to si: cp all night either. " I cam't 1 I earn": ! h'f too hard — ico hard T Little feci f and langhtng to himself as be mimicked T .nta-i h» stalked into the adjoining chamber, and when at scoriae Mildred care in she fa and the medicines a3 ontocihed, and rite .Jndge faLriy catdoing Lawrence in the qnaotity and anility of his snores ! Bat rise -Jndge wis right in erne concl nrion — sleep aid Lvwrecre more good than medicine conld hare done, and be woke a: last greatly refreshed. Smiling pleasantly cpon Mildred, when he itrnri sitting by him, he asked her to open the snntters. so be cva'd inhsle the morning air and see the sen shht-e on the eastern fciRs. ' My visit has bad a sad commenaemect," he -.aid, ana she complied with his recsest and w ent back to his side ; ' and lest it shoall grow w orse, I shall return home in a day or s->. Do tot think 1 ntvi will be ready to accompany mel" instantly toe tears came to Mllare-. s eyes, rat Lawrence thong'nt they were indncei by a dread of losing Lilian, and he hastened to say, ' She need not go, of coarse, snless she chooses." ' Bat tot —why need yea gof asked Mildred. ' I was anticipating so mnth pleasnre from year visit, and that first night tot came I was so rede and fcoiish. Yoa crest think me a strange girl, Mr. Thornton.' Whether He thought her strange or not, be thought her very beanrifol, sitting there before him in her white morning wrapper, with her cheeks fresh as rosea and her brown air parted smoothly back from her open brow. 'It was wrong in Lilian bo betray yc.tr confi dence," he replied ; bat she aid it thcaght'esslT, so-i his apologised for it, I presame ; she promised nse she weati Mildred did not tell him that she hadn't, and he eontinaeo, ' Is is very naroral that a girl like yoa should have horis of admirers, and nolle as natural that tot shoald giTe to s we of tfctn the preierenre. I only hope he is worthy of tot, MilSy.' Mildred felt that she cua'd not restrain her tears ranch longer, and she was glad w hen Lilian at last came in, thus affording her a good excise for steal- ing away. She did not hear what passed between the two. bat when Lilian came down to breakfast she raid, Lawrence had suggested their going home.' and as nothing scald please h er more, they woa'rl start the next day if he were able. Til bet he won't go before be gets a piece of my mind," thought the Ja-dge, as he watched for a favorable oppvrtonitr, bat Lilian was always in the way, and when long after dinner be went to Lawrence's room, be fonad he had gone down to risii Oliver, who was stiff ousts ed to his bed and seemed to be atteriy exhaa.it ed. Lawrence had not expected to see him so pale ana tick, and at first be cot id onlv press bis Karri « in silence. 'It was t«t kind in yoa. dobs,' he raid at last, to rave my life at the risk of yccr owe," Yoa are mistaken," returned Oliver, ' it was for Mildred 1 risked my life far more than for too. 'For Mildred, Clebt — for MPdred T and all over Lawrence Thorn ton s handsome fate there broke a look of perplexity and delight, for Oliver's words implied a something to believe which wonli bs happiness indeed. 'I can't tell yoa now." said Oliver. T am too faint and weak. Come to me before yon go and I will explain ; bat first, Lawrence Thornton, answer me truly, as yoa hope for heaven, do tot love MBdred HoweUf « Lore Mildred Howell— love Mildred Howell f Lawrence repeated, is am axemen t. Yea, Cisia, as I hope for heaven, I Lore ber better than my fffe, hoi she isn't for roe, the Loves somebody else, and be hsrried dawn the stairs, never dreaming thai the cchtr was Knie-t, fee had it been she worid not have deserted hint the pre-riom day, when be was so near to death. ' Nc, Oliver is deceived," be raid, and he walked slowly back to Beechwcod, thinking bow bright roe fatnre world , Itok to him maid "be hat poesest tweet Mildred HowtlTs love. ' I never receive any heip, from t aaxcisritady raid aicad. ' She Ess like a Height npec my fantltiel- while MBdred has the rotet charming way of robbing np one's ideas. Mildred is sj- IeodH,' and his font tonxsed the lower step c-f the bank pi ana ins: as the Jnige's Ttese chimed is : ' I am Had yea roipk so. That's what Tve been trying to ret at this whole day, so sit down here, Thorn tto, and well hare a conSdssttal chat. T&e; girls ire off riding, and there's no coe to dierorb na lAwrenae nook the offered seat, and the Jndge ecetssasds. I dia's know how to comm-ense it, seeing there's no head nor taS, and I shall make as awfnl tangle, I preaame, bat whir I Want to say is this : Yca've get the wool polled over year eyes rt ad. I ais't hSnd, nor deaf either, if erne of my ears is shot cp tight as a drom. I beard ber soft soaping yoa last, nigct, saakin-g tot think nobody cH anything tat her. It's 'iliac I mean," he ccatio red, as be raV- the mystified exprsssito ot Lawrenoe's fare. ' New, honest, didn't she make tot beSeve that she did abort the whole ; that is, did what women world n rurally do in sr-ca a case 7 Lawrence bad receiv ed some sxsh impresaoo, and as be bad no reasca for ihir-krog LeHaa weeii pcrpoeely destetre him, be roosed ap at esse to ber delate. ' Everybody was kind, I presume," be raid, ' btt I most ay that for a little, nervous creature as she is, LQian troei nociy, stand ing feirieasly by ante the worst was over, and thero whea ail the res: were gone, who was it rat watreinz me bet Lilian I ' LQian 1 the derii 1 There, I have swore, ana I ! red she better for it.' raid the Jad-ge, growing red in the face, and kicking over cms of Mnirei"s : hot.Ee plants with his heavy Loon ' Ibocnton, tot ; are a fool.'- 'Very ffkefy," answered Lawreooe, 'bat I am . certainly willing to "re enSzhtenei, and as yoa sees , capable of doing it, pray eoatinae. ' Never grantei a request more wiLingiy in my : life,' retnroed the J td ge . ' Tncrotco, yoa certainly j i haTe some sense, or your father never weald have j married my daughter. j Lawrence staid u-ot seil well what that had to do ; with bis having sense, but he was too anxious to i interrupt the Jo-dge, who contituei : ' Yon see, ! when Clubs crawied bask to his door and noli b'w j you were dead, and when Herey ameamed far help j like a panther — is she is, Mildred was Ess to ; bsar ir, aai ibe Lrinz Ibe hilit -whale ; I went wbssring after, with LEiaa following Eke a i snaiL I wis standing by when dure told Miily i tot were dead, and then, Thornton, then there was \ a look ca her fane wedsh made my very toes angle — old as I am. Somehow the giri has got aa idea | that yea think Lilian a little angel, and, tarring to her, she said, " Lilian, Lawrence is dead. Let \ tts go to him together. He is mine now as mum: a/" yours," bat, bat do tot think, boy, that she wect 7 j ' Yes — ye; ; I dee's know. Go ot, gasped Laf renoe, whose fare was white as ashes. I Wefi, sir, she didn't, fcat shrank back is the! comer, and snivelled cat, "I cvrn't, I caret. I'm \ afraid of dead folks. Td rather tray here." 1 1 snpptse 1 raid seme ravage things before I started \ after MOiv, who was filing Gver the .fields, just as tot hate seen year hat fiyin a strong March wind. | When I got to the tree 1 found her with her arms around year neck, and. as hard a wretch as I to, J I shed tears to see again cc her tare that look — as j if ber heart were broken. When we retched home ; with you, we found Lilian ciying in her room, sod " she never so rottna as lifted her finger, while Hilly snood bravely by : and once, Thornton, she pat her hps to years and blew ber breath into your loan, until ber cheeks stuck cat like two globe I think thai did the business, for you soon showed signs of life, ami then Mildred cried on: for joy, while frit a- , who heard her, fancied yea were dead and winted somebody to stay with ber, because she was afraid e£ ghosts. Jus: as though you wouldn't have enough to do seeing what kind of a place tot'u got into, without appearing to her 1 Whea the danger was all over, and yen were asleep, Mildred, c-i coarse, wasted to go to Clohs, so she asked Lilian to suy with tot, but she bud to bring her in by force, for Lilian said she was afraid of the dirk. I was in the next room and beard the whole perform usee. 1 heard too, too, make a fool of year self, ween you woke ap, and Lilian gave tou her version of. the story. Of course, I was consider ably riled op, for Mild res is the very apple of ay eye. Lawrence, do tot love Lilian Veale 7 - Scarcely aa hear before, Oliver bad said to Law rence, ' Da tot love Mildred Howell 7 and now the Jndge asked, Do tot lote Lilian VrfUe 7 To the first Lawrence bad answered, ' Yea.' He could answer the same to the last, for he Ota love LQiin, though not as he loved Mildred, and so be raid yes, asking, in a faltering Toice : ' What am I expected to infer from all I have heard 7 'Infer 7 repeated the Jndge. ' Good thunder, you arn't to infer anything Yon are to take it for gospel truth. Mildred noes love somebody, as that blabbing Lilian said she did, and the two first letters of his name sreLT.I Bat, what the mis chief—boy ; are you ferry to know that the queeu of all the girls that ever were born — or ever will be— is in love with yon 7 he asked, as Lawrence sprang to his feet, and walked rapidly np and down ! she kag piazza- « Sorry 7— no ; fcat glad— so glad ! Ana may I taik with ber to-night 7 answered Lawrence, for getting his father s wrath — which was sure to fall on him, forgetting Lilian, forgetting everything, rave the fact that Mildred Howell loved him. 'Sit down here, boy, returned the Jndge. 'I have more to say before I answer that ouestioa- Yot have teen a gnarled, crabbed old oak, havens you, with a green, beanrifol rice creeping over ami aroand it, putting out a broad leaf here, forth a tendril there, aad covering cp the deformity beneath, until people ray of that tree, " It's cot so ugly after all T Rat, tear the rice away, «nd the oak is uglier than ever. Well, that soar, crabbed tree is me ; and that beautiful vine, bearing the broad leaves ami the laxcrioos frait, is Mildred, who has crept around and orer, and into my verv bang, and! there is not a throb of my heart which does cot bear with it a thought of her. She's all the old mac has to lore. The other Mildred is dead long years ago, while Rirhard— Heaves only knows where ray "coy is," and, leaning on his gold-headed cane, the Judge see-ned to be wandering away back into the past, while Liwrence, who thought the .-ucnparisc-n between the oak and the vibe very toe —very appropriate, and all that, bat couldn't, for the life of hi«. see what it had to do with his spetk- itsg to Mildred that night, ventured again is ay : ' And may I tell MBdred of tny love— may I cot 7 : Them the Judge roused up ami answered, ' Only ' "cc csuuiritn that yea bete stay with m-e. The tree \ withers when tee rise is tern away, oi L tie, ; should die if I kua-w Mffiy had left me forever- ? Man alive, you care"; begin to guess bow I krte tee j rixen, ate hew tee some: cf her vcoee makes tee s little, laughing ripp'es break aS e ver my old heart. ; There romes the zipsy xv," and the Stu'e, laugh- : ing ripp'es. as he called teem- broke all ever his -> face, as he saw Mildred gal If -ping tovsrds the ; deer, the starry eyes sotting arthly out from ; beneath her riding hat, and her lips wreathed, with ; smiles as she kiesei her hand to tee Judge. ! E£ cC'xrnrrxD.j _ . 