Our Contents. OUR LETTERPRESS. The contents of this number are suffi- ciently varied to appeal to all tastes. Among the fiction three prize stories iu the WES- TERN MAIL Christmas story competition are prominent, being given the place of honour on the opening pages, after the seasonable greeting to our readers at the very start. Well on towards a hundred stories were sent in. They were noticeably ahead of the contributions received last year. The judges awarded tl e prizes thus: "Connolly'6- Bonanza Bush," by George Hope, first prize (¿£6). "The Prodigal," by N. V. PhUpott, second prize (¿63). "The Capture of Jimmy," by Julian Mitchell, third prize (£1). "The Mystery of a Man's Spirit," by James H. Odell, and "The Martyrdom of Mariton," by Marcus Clarke, junior, were very highly commended. ;Boom in this isBue could only be found for the prize stories. Others will be published in our ordinary weekly issue. In this issue there are several other tales by Aus- tralian authors, notably "The Ghost bf Brigalow Bend " (page 25), by " Wanderer," a norn de plume that will be recognised by many ; " Hearts and Spades " (page 29), by Jeannette St. Clair, another familiar name; and " Skeleton Gully " (page 55), by Arthur Watts. "AChristmasEveConspiracy" (page 13), by Lilian Quiller Couch ; ,; A Matter of Minions" (page 33), by William- Le'Queux; and "The Ghost's Touch"' (page 51)» by Fergus Hume, will also attract attention. The children have not been forgotten, and have a whole section to themselves (pages 36 to 40), containing a special letter from " Aunt Mary," the prize stories in their competition, " Exit Bogie," by Mrs. Bateson, and a pageful of games. But solider matter also appears. The article on "The Progress of Western Australia from 1835 to 1898 " (page 17) shows ali through the hand of an expert, and gives information as to the. develop- ment of the colony that is uBually left to Bluebopks. "A Story of South Perth Mill" (page 31) is equally effective, although in a different strain. The-chief industries of the colony are dealt with in more detail in subsequent pages. No fewer than 27 pages (57 to 83) are given to a detailed account of the gold- mining in- dustry on each field, witb a less copious reference to the subordinate mining of coal, copper, tin, and diamonds. At page »85 there is an account of the timber in- dustry, followed by an interesting article on "The Botany of Australia," by Dr. Morrison, botanist of the Department of Agriculture. All the industries relating *¿ to fthe utilisation of the soil come on for 'consideration on page 93, while 95 and . some others are devoted to sporting. The ?historical aspect touched on in " The Pro- gress bf Western Australia" and "A Story of : South, Perth Mill "becomes more pro- minent in " Australia's First Englishman " (pages 41 to: M), where the story of Dampier's voyages to this continent is given in his own words and even in the spelling of his times. Even a sermon is ; not omitted, " The Old-fashioned Virtue of Kindness," by " Ian Maclaren," appearing on page 49. MOIR'S CHAMBERS, CORNER OF. ST. GEORGE'S TERRACE AND BARRACK STREET. One of the finest buildings in Perth. ORR ILLUSTRATIONS. While the letterpress is so comprehensive, the illustrations are scarcely less so. Winning photographs in the WESTEEK - MAIL Christmas photographic competition are given, ns well as many others sent in. The prizetakers were : Single view, taken in Western Australia (£3), Mr. E. T. Hamersley. Study of Beauty (£2), Messrs. Shaw Brothers. Second prize. Study of Beauty (10s.), Mr. Adair. Best Study of Animal Life (£1), Messrs. Shaw Brothers. Best series of photographs illustrative of life in Western Australia (£5), Mr. C. Walker and Mr. W. Short divide. On page ll are photographs of the Governor, his deputy, and the Ministry of the colony, while on subsequent pages come the mayor and 1897-8 councillors of Photo by Messrs. Greenham and Evans, Barrack-street. VIEW ON THE NORWOOD ESTATE. Perth and views of the city (pages 17 to 23), Fremantle council and views (pages 25 to 27), photographic studies by Messrs. Greenham and Evans (page 23), maps and old wood-cuts of Dampier's voyages, mining diagrams, tables and photographs of life on the fields and the municipalities there, a page of leading sharebrokers (page 72), and another of leading commercial men of the colony (page 101), while a whole page is given to the Perth Park and its committee. 