SPYING EXTKAOKDINARY. The cable announces that Lieutenant de MoniJ morency has been presented with the Victoria medal for having entered Omdurman in the guise of an Arab hawker and having discovered the plans of the Dervishes, despite Lord Kitchener's warning that i-e -carried his life in Me hands. It is worthy cf remark that iaentenant de Montmorency (who has also re ceived the Victoria Cross for gallantry in the Lancer' charge at Omdurraan) would have carried his life in His hand even had he entered the lines of a civilised enemy disguised. According to all- the laws of war he would have been hanged as a spy. The nearest parallel in the history of British warfare to Montmorency's clever disguise is the story of Kavanagh, who in 1857 volun teered to get out of Lucknow and communicate with the relieving force under Sir Colin Camp bell. That story is thus told by Lord Roberta: 'On November 9 Sir Colin Campbell joined our colutnD. The next morning we were surprised to hear that a European irom the Lucknow garrison had arrived in camp. Octram, being anxious that the officer in command of the relieving torce should not follow the same route as previously taken by himself and jaavelock, ana wishing to communicate his view* more at length than was possible in a note conveyed as usual by a spy, K&T;&n;&gh;, a clerk in an office in liucknow, ptuckily volunteered to carry a letter. It was an offer which appealed to the heart of the * Bayard of the JSaeL' *e Outram tosTbeexi ^pproprUtelr wUed, aadjuatench an erxand as he himself, had lie 'been in a less responsible position, would have delighted to undertake. --utram tho roughly understood the risk of the enterprise, and placed it clearly before i*e brave volunteer, who nothing daunted, expressed his readiness to start at once, and his confidence in* being able to reach the British linea. 'pisguijaed as a native, and'acco^ipaniedby axaanfif Oddh upon whose courage and loyalty lie-was convinced lie could rely, Kavanagh left the Residency alter dam on the 8tb, pad. «ot safely across sh* tirer. He and ids guide remained in the suburbs (held by the rebels}, mudog freely with the people, until the (tneti migftt be expMtod to W pretty well empty, when they re-crossed the river and got rifely through the city. They were accosted more than ?ne'e upen their way, bnt were saved by the readiness of the native, who, it had been arranged, should answer all qnestions, though Karanagh, having been born and bred in the country, could speak the language fluently. On the morning of the 10th they made themselves known to a pTquet of the Pnnjaub Cavalry. Sir Colin Campbell, in his attack, strictly adhered to the plan' brought by Kavanagh.' William Black, the somewhat discursive novel ist, is cabled to have died at the not very ad vanced age of 57. William Black may be said to have been one of the earlier writers of the Kail yard school. His works took well at first, and he always had a large circle of admirers, which he still retains. - There can be no denying that he . was a picturesque writer, with a great love of the sea and coast scenery. His Highland charac ters became wearying after a . wnile, and his girls -were all too wonderfully good and beautiful for real life. 'In Silk Attire,' 'A Daughter of Heth/' and a 'Prin- cess of Thule' have received perhaps more favor than any other of his works, but he was too apt to duplicate his characters. Having made a hit with ?? The Strange Adventures of a Phaeton,' he needs must write 'The istrange Adventures of a Bousfiboat,' with the sa-ne round of charac ters, the satne incidents, or much the same, and. the same dialogue. This was his fault all through. After reading one of Black's you knew pretty well the contents of all of them. lou knew for certain there would be a very objectionable old Highland servant who weuld call himself ' 6be ' and have a lofty scorn for the Sonthron. Then there would be a gallant joung soldier of an old bat poor family, always built on the same pattern, and mostly uninterest ing ; and all these hare been introduced since by such writers as Ian MacLaren, &c.; In fact if Black did not originally start the flood of Scotch stories on ns, he helped it greatly with bis many additions to its tide. Black, however, could be vigorous and realistic at time, bnt his strength lay more in describing scenery than character. He never invaded the 'problem 'or psychological school, and his works in con sequence were clean and healthy. If his characters 'had no past,' at an j rate he could take the same consolation to ills grave with him. He never wrote anything like the stuff which more modern writers— mostly women — write about what is called the sex study. ? j ? So after all the Hereward came to Maroubra Beach to stay. What an eventful seven or eight months the old ship had — an old ship at least in years, but, in many respects, sounder and better than some of her younger contemporaries. At . about 4 o'clock on Saturday afternoon, as she once again felt the tcucn of her old life and com menced to ride the waves, she probably would not have been sold for many thousands of pounds. At the same hour the following morning she was hardly worth as many pence. There is something' sad in seeing a fine vessel, or rather the material of a fine vessel, so completely lost, and all must sympathise with and respect the energy that sought. to irescne her from tne fate that at last overwhelms her. Beyond the fact of the almost providential good luck of the ship and her crew in striking on the sandy part of the beach at Maroubra Bay in the midst of the Etorm and darkness of that terrible night in May last there is very little material for the romancist of the future to work upon when trying to weave some tale about the disaster. For many a day to come she will pro bably present a sad and lonely figure on the bay mentioned, and will help to intensity its natural desolation. But the ghosts of no drowned sailors will trouble those who visit the place at night, and the local remembrancer will always be want ing in the finest material for sensational narra tire. The gentleman who was tried at Castlemaine, Victoria, on Friday last, for killing his mother in-law with a washing board, got off fairly well with a sentence of two years' imprisonment. He evidently showed a want of judgment. The poor old lady was 76 years, and if he had waited lor a little longer she wosld die on her own account, and so spare him all the trouble. The judge in inflicting what he considered was a light sentence on the accused was influenced in doing so cot by the fact that the victim was the man's mother in-law (as some people might think), but because the prisoner's temper was influenced by drink when he committed the crime. Sons-in-law who are contemplating any little operations of a similar sort should, therefore, take care to get pretty well full before they commence the work. The details to hand of the wreck of the Lon donian are full of painful interest, as reminding one of the similar wreck of the Dandenong on our own coast, in 1876. Tnere, too, a rescue ship was standing by, being unable to /complete her work, and saw the steamer's lights oisappear in the middle of the night, with forty souls left on board of her. We have had many bad wrecks of late, but, as in the case of the Londoniac, there is a melancholy satisfaction in reflecting that no such scene of cowardly terror arose as in the case of the Sourgo, ne. The fiedamore appears to have gone through her share of risk in standin?-by for two daye in the wild sea that is described as raging at the time. To those left on the sinking ship the night, until the last plunge, muse have been prolonged horror, and to those on the Bedamore it must have been a trying time to watch and watch tor the lights until the sudden disappearance of them told that all was over. It is just in the same manner that the Dandenong met her fate off Jervis Bay. If the genial Mr. O'Eegan, M.H.E., had not fallen in with an old friend at his hotel in Wellington on Friday night last and spent the evening as many men like to do under such circumstances, he and a number of his acquaint ances might have been beautifully cremated a few hours later on. How many worthy citizens returning home in the small hours have sought to soothe their irate spouses and account for their dilatoriness by the excuse, somewhat incoherently spoken, that 'they had met an old friend.' The plea is an ancient one, and has been the subject of much derision, but it has one supreme advantage in that it explains everything in connection with the' subject in hand, and needs no elaboration. The whole scene is re-constituted, -as-tbe French would say, for the benefit of the angry better-half, and she is spared the trouble of an extended investigation. After all, there may sometimes be some good m this tribute to friendship, even though it has to be paid' at the nearest hotel. In connection with the disastrous fire at the Eoyal Oak Hotel, Wellington, onFiiday night an incident occurred that might help to rehabilitate the old plea, and give it home little more respectability. It is said that when the fire broke out, several of the hoarders, in cluding Mr. O'Began, M.H.B., had not retired, as they would have done if Mr. O' Began 'had not met witk an old friend.' It seems evident -that when Mr. O' Regan met with his old friend he knew bow to treat him, and it turned out very fortunate for that gentleman and the other boarders who manifested such an interest in the renewal of the ancient friendship. They not only escaped the consequences of the fire them selves,, but they were able to giye timely warning to some of those wiser ones 'who b^ad retired earlier. So that after all this meeting with, an old friend is not always an unmitigated evil. 