yPiterary floted, i»te. Anthony Hope is putting tho finishing touches to ' Tho King's Mirror,' a novel with a royal young rascal as hero, which will begin in one of the January Magazines. Some further adventures of the heroes of 'Slaves of the Lamp' are being prepared by Mr. Rudyard Kipling. This story originally appeared in Oosmojpolis, and in the continua tion Mr. Kipling deals with life at one of our public schools. Tho story of Robin Hood, told by Mr. Barry Pain in a series of twelve episodes, with pictures by Mr. Forrestier should make a delightful Christmas book. Messrs. Har per and Brothers have it in preparation, and it may be expected within six weeks. Some historical sketches of the times of James I. and Charles I., which wero made by Thomas Carlyle for a projected history of these two kings, havo been put together under the editorship of Mr. Alexander Carlyle, of Edinburgh, and will be published in volumo form by Messrs. Chapman and Hall. It has come at last!' The Neiv Penny Maga zine- is the title of a new weekly periodical of ?which the first number has appeared in Lon don. The announcement comes from Messrs. . Cassell and Co., whose aim will be to provido a greater amount of reading matter and illus trations than has been hitherto given for a penny in any magazine. Messrs. Methiion and Co. are publishing a a volume of sermons preached chiefly before tho University of Oxford, entitled ' Doctrine and Development,' by Mr.Hastings Rashdall, jPellow of Hertford College, Oxford. They are an attempt to translate into the languago of modern thought some of the leading ideas ?of Christian theology and ethics. Rudyard Kipling's new book, ' The Day's 'Work,' consists of about 360 pages, and includes ' The Bridge Builders,' ' A Walking Delegate,' ' The Ship That Found Herself,' ' The Tomb of his Ancestors,' '''The Devil and the Deep Sea,' 'William rthe Conqueror,' ' .007,' ' The Maltese Cat, 'a 'Bread Upon the Waters,' 'An Error in tho Fourth Dimension,' ' My Sunday at Home,' and ' The Brushwood Boy.' The fifth and sixth volumes of MacaulayjS Complete Works in the ' Silver Library' ?(Longmans, Green & Co) contain the fifth and sixth volumes of the History of England in what the publishers describe distinctively as ?the ' Albany Edition.' It is well printed in large type, and is altogether a most desirable 'library edition. Each volumo has an etching ?as frontispiece, that to Yolume Y. being a ?portrait of Lord Godolphin, and that to 'Volume YI. of William . Bentinck, Earl of ?Portland. .Recent events in China lend interest to a ?hook on the Celestial Empire by Mr. Alexis ?Krausse, .giving a concise history of the country from the earliest times to tho present day, which Messrs. Chapman and Hall are to issue shortly, accompanied by maps and illustrations. The author will deal with the .recent troubles with Russia, England, France, ?and. Japan ; the political interests and foreign relations of China; its Government and taxa tion, its commercial resources and wealth, the .?so-called British sphere and records, as well ras its present situation and future possibilities. Here is a delightful story (told by 'M. A. iP.') apropos of a book that Mr. Pislier Unwin is just bringing out, ' When I was in Prison,' i by Mr. F. Brocklehurst. The writer, a well ? known Manchester man, went to prison as a protest against somo local park regulation. ' The rule about literature in gaols is that only '/books of moral helpfuluess shall be given to the prisoners. Mr. Brocklehurst asked for . Shakespeare. ' Can't let you have Shake speare,' said the governor. ' Well, why's ?that?' was the protest. 'An author who wrote ' Don Juan' cannot bo a moral writer !' .?was. the governor's cold vordict. Mr. Brockle ihurBt had to bo content with ' Euclid,' whose moral instruction is not very evident. Two books on tho recent operations in the Soudan are announced for early publication. The -first is entitled 1 Winning the Waterway : Kitchener's Soudan Campaign,' and the author 'is Mr. Lionel James, who was Router's special ? correspondent. Mr. Heinneman will be! the ^publisher. The other work, called ' The Egyptian Soudan ; Its loss and recovery,' has been written by Lieutenant Henry S. L. Alford, of the Royal Scots Fusiliers, and Lieutenant W. D. Sword, of the North Stafford Regiment. It will include a sketch of the history of thp Soudan, a personal narrative of the Dongola expedition, 1890, and a full .account of the Nile expedition, 1897-8. Messrs. McMillan and Co. will issue the latter ?volume, which- will have maps, portraits, and . other pictures. .Mr.. Lang's Introductions to tho Edition of ?the Waverley Novels Nimmo is bringing out. .whet the appetite for the stories of his hero inovelist. Among other tilings he gives us ?extracts from contemporary notices of tho novels as they appeared. Thus, of Ivanhoe, my. grandmother's review, Tho British,' said the romance '-consists v-oiy mainly of descrip -tions of forests and tournaments, of men, of 'big' bones and portentous looks, of chivalrous ?parade and equipage, of hyperbolical feats, aind a few sceneB of license and disorder, with .a good sprinkling of amorous, luxurious, and ^canting monks, all represented after the old manner, with an awkward .episode of a rich aoerchant.Jew and 'his paragon of a daughter, not voi'.y probably .or congruously Mended with the story, or much corresponding with 'the state of society.' Mr. Lang, it goes with out saying, laughs derisively at such blas phemous irreverences. It, is fair to say that Jio is ready to admit that The Monastery was -certainly among the poorest of Scott's inven tions. Tho White Lady of Avenel is a very ?unconvincing ghost, and of tho eupliuist, Sir Pierce Shafton, there is' far too much. Iu The Abbot Scott recovered much of the ground lost in T)ie Monastery, but is still not alto gether happy in the environment of the story. Mr. Lang sympathises with Sir Walter's an tipathy to the iconoclastic followers of Knox. Ho reminds us, too, that iu this novel Scott has overcomo his usual difficulty in drawing young lovers. Catherine Seyton is a good second to Diana Yernon. Tho publishers give excellent value in this well-illustratod ' Largo Typo .Border Edition' of Scotfc. 