CLOTHING THE CONSTABLES. If more than at any other time a police- man’s life is not a happy one it is the life of a policeman under the Victorian Govern- ment in midsummer. The uniform in which the Government sets him up for summer use is eminently calculated to suddenly re- move him from his beat with heat apo- plexy, or lay him up in an hospital for a few months with ailments born of the ex- cessive heat and the astonishing unsuit- ability of his clothing for the climate. If constables so clad do manage to struggle through into cooler weather, it is at the cost of much unnecessary discomfort, both of mind and body. Their bodies swathed in hot, thick, blue-black cloth are soon surcharged with heat. People of a humorous turn may well call them “cop- pers,” for these hot close jackets act the part of a copper to them and they nearly every day at this time of the year get a good boiling. They probably enjoy the opera- tion like lobsters in process of preparation for table. It is highly necessary that the police should be strictly temperate, ready at any moment for duty, but how a man dressed as they are can refrain from break- ing the regulations by trying quickly re- curring experiments to reduce the tempera- ture within and without of him can only be explained by some teetotaller who un- der the same circumstances as the police constable has gone through four hours of an afternoon sun on the warm side of a Melbourne, Bendigo or Ballarat street. That the police in general have kept such good health throughout the recent month or two of most trying weather is far more creditable to themselves and the increas- ing sobriety that obtains amongst them than it is to the man- milliner of the de- partment who selects their summer cos- tumes for them. The police, however, we should observe, do not follow the fashions. Their summer tunics are their winter tunics. The rabbit and the oppossum lighten the weight of their coats on the approach of summer. Not so, however, the policeman. His coat is of the same weight, color and texture winter or sum- mer. This goes to prove that in its millinery branch the Police Department has less sense than a rabbit. It is absurd and it is also unpleasant and unhealthful to clothe men as the Victorian police are clothed while on duty throughout the summer months. Their health and effec- tiveness as constables, as well as their aesthetic appearance as they do the regula- tion patrol, would all be improved if there were a differentiation between their summer and winter costuming. Any lighter color would be an improvement on the present one, and as for suitable materials there are a score of better and more seasonable cloths and colors that could be chosen. If the present uniform had been chosen be- cause its heat absorbing qualities a more effective selection could not have been made. But as summer clothing should be of non-absorbent colors, and as the least absorbent of the sun’s rays the summer uniform of the Victorian police should be as nearly white as possible. A cheap and ideal uniform for the summer would be a cricketers costume, a military tailor, of course, being employed to give it an official and distinguishing cut. The police have at times a good deal of rough and tumble work to do. They could much better perform what they have to do if so attired than now when the action of their limbs are impeded by stiff tight-fitting cloth, and when their nervous strength is reduced by their daily and nightly eight hours’ vapor bath. Shirt sleeves would be a great improvement on the present style, but we suppose it would be regarded as mutiny if the suggestion were made at head-quarters that the men should be permitted to go about their work in their shirt sleeves. But in weather like this the Supreme Court judges discard their wigs. (They take good care that their courts are not sitting at this time of year by which most excellent plan their wigs are not in use.) As the Supreme Court judge so neatly and dexterously gets rid of his useless, obsolete and annoying coiffure, why may not the poor policeman put his tunic and its appurtenants away in cam- phor till the balmy breezes of Autumn again blow along his beat ? After this summer’s experience, the police of the colony ought to call upon the man- milliner of the department and see if he cannot arrange a more seasonable attire for them. The Police Department owes it to its men that they should not be compelled to appear on the street without a speck of cheerful and refreshing white about them. Ill-natured persons seeing them as at pre- sent might be inclined to think that it is not a departmental matter at all, but that they are hopelessly in arrear with their washer-women. In order to guard against the possibility of such mistaken judgments the matter should be attended to forth- with. Fourth Page. —The following additional reading matter will be found on our fourth page this morning:—Mining News and Notes, Country News, Friendly Society Meeting, Bendigo Miners’ Association and Melbourne Letter. To-day’s Events.— Warden’s Court, 2 p.m. ; meeting mayor’s room, Town Hall, re obtaining assistance for burnt-out settlers in Gippsland, 4.30 p.m.; School of Mines Council, 8 p.m. Mining meetings.—-Hercules and Energetic (North), 3.15 p.m.; Phoenix Red, White and Blue Tri- bute (Blackham), 5.15 p.m. The Weather.—The readings at Mr. J. B. Edwards’, on Saturday, were:—Thermometer— 9 a.m., 70° ; 12 noon, 83°; 3 p.m., 88° ; 6 p.m., 78° ; maximum, 89 ; minimum, 58°. Barometer.—9 a.m., 29.26 ; 12 noon, 29.8 ; 3 28.94; 6 p.m., 28.94. Gold, Amalgam and Dividends.—The gold return on Saturday amounted to about 3000oz. The following were the principal re- turns:—New Chum Railway (week), 655oz ; Victoria Quartz (week), 244oz; Lansell’s Comet, 204oz; New Red White and Blue, 191oz ; Lansell’s 180, 148oz ; Great Southern (week), 128oz; New Argus (week), 127½oz; New Moon (week), 106oz, Amalgam—Garden Gully, 50oz ; Collmann and Tacchi, 40oz; Hustler’s and Redan, 43½oz; Ironbark, 25oz; Victoria Consols, 20oz. Dividends—Victoria Quartz, 1s, £1600 ; New Argus, 6d, £750; New Moon, 6d, £600 ; total, £2950. The Epsom Vineyards.—Notwithstanding the extreme heat the vineyards in that district are keeping up wonderfully well. There is every prospect of a very fair crop this year. The Champion Muscat appears to have suffered much more than the other varieties from the weather, most of the other kinds being in a flourishing condition. City Police Court.— Messrs. M. Rundell and J. Illingworth adjudicated on Saturday. John Jones was charged with stealing a tin of herrings, valued at sixpence, from Messrs. Brady and Gray’s grocery, Pall Mall. The goods were exposed for sale at the entrance of the shop and the man was seen by Mr. Gray to take the tin of herrings, put it under his coat and walk away. Mr. Gray followed him and gave him in charge of Constable Killury. The evi- dence showed that he was the worse for liquor at the time and that he had over £2 in his pos- session. He told the bench that he came from Elmore on Monday last and had since been drink- ing about the town. He could not have known what he was doing at the time. He was fined 10s, in default three days’ imprisonment. The fine was paid. Constable Burke charged three little boys named Andrew Scott Percy Campbell, Owen Heath and Charles Hardy with behaving in an indecent manner in a public place, namely, bathing in the dam in the Upper Reserve. Thje youngsters were discharged, their mothers, who were in court, promising to make a contribu- tion to the poor box. Enginedrivers’ Association.—The weekly meeting was held on Saturday evening at the Trades’ Hall, Mr. S. Ryan presided, and there was a fair attendance. Two members were elected. The remarks of Mr. Debney at the meeting of the Mining Board on Tuesday, re- lative to the employment at winches of second class drivers were referred to by Mr. Pattinson, who agreed that it was only right that such a practice should be put a stop to. He did not think it right that a second- class driver should be granted a permit to drive when the Mines Act would not allow it. Mr. Lewis (act- ing secretary), remarked that permits were only granted in out of the way places. Mr. Pattinson thought some action should be taken in the matter. He moved that the attention of the executive of the A.ED.A. be called to the fact that a driver was working with a second class certificate. The chairman considered that such action would be unnecessary. Now that the matter had been mentioned at the Mining Board the matter would no doubt be considered, and the officers of the branch could keep their eyes open for any further breaches of the Act. Sandhurst Goldfields Common.—The fortnightly meeting of the managers was held on Saturday at the Town Hall Hotel. Present —Messrs. Buck (chairman), Delbridge and Wills (secretary). The herdsman attended and paid in £2 10s, money collected during the past month. The rabbit inspector wrote, ordering the destruction of rabbits on the common. It was agreed to comply with the request if the inspector points out the portion of the common from which the rabbits needed clearing. A communication was read from the Lands Officer, stating that the petition to abolish the common would be dealt with at a sitting of the board on Thursday, 20th inst. It was under- stood that this would be the final attendance, as the petitioners had not proved their conten- tions, and the managers had been put to a good deal of trouble. It was decided that one of the managers attend the Land Board. An account for £1 5s was passed for payment. Alleged Misconduct of a Police Con- stable.—For some days past a rumor has been current in certain quarters that one of the city constables had been very seriously compromising himself of late, and that matters had reached a climax and been reported to the authorities. It appears that the constable to whom we refer had been in the habit of frequently visiting the Chinamen’s quarters in Bridge street. On Mon- day last he went to the Chinese restaurant kept by Kum Gin, and it is asserted by the Chinese that he annexed a roast fowl. This naturally aroused the indignation of the Chinamen, who immediately put their heads together and re- solved that they would have no more of it and that they would report it to the proper authori- ties, which it is asserted they promptly did. Not only did they report the matter to the authorities, but they also gave particulars re- specting the affair to one of our reporters, who made inquiries to ascertain the truth of the statements. Intimidating a Solicitor.— It was rumored throughout the city on Saturday that a person whose name was pretty freely mentioned during a case heard in the police-court last week has announced his intention of entering an action against the solicitor engaged for the defence claiming damages for defamation of character. £1000 is spoken of as the amount. Fortunately for the solicitor, however, whatever he chooses to say in court, whether it is right or wrong, is privileged so far as the law is concerned. A Strange Delusion.—On Saturday morn- ing a middle-aged man gave himself up to the police, stating that he was being pursued by the detectives. He had he said committed a very serious offence, and wished to give him- self into custody without causing any further trouble. It was at once seen that the poor fel- low, who appeared quite harmless, was suffer- ing from delusion, and upon his being examined medical evidence to that effect was forthcoming. He was remanded to the gaol hospital for medical treatment and observation. Another Ghost.— A short time ago the residents of California Gully were annoyed by a nocturnal visitor, who, made up as a “ghost,” frightened helpless women and children. Another “ghost” appears to have been dis- covered, this time near the Hustler’s Reef dam, but so far the residents in that locality have not had much cause for alarm, the “ghost” keeping at a respectable distance. It has in fact been suggested that the figure is the ghost of a bather, who, fearing discovery, and being sub- sequently brought up at the Police Court, chooses the night time for his refreshing bath. There are more improbable theories. A Bendigo Mine and English Investors. —The offer of £68,000 for the Great Southern Garden Gully mine was considered by the directors on Saturday. It was declined with thanks. The offer was £68,000 cash, equal to £2 per share, 68,000 shares in a new company of 200,000 shares, and £20,000 to be placed to the credit of the new company. There was to be a local board of directors and a board and office in London, the expenses of the latter not to exceed £500 a year. The offer, as might have been expected, was not considered good enough. It was not within 25 or 30 per cent. of their other English offer of £130,000 cash down, which was refused for the same mine a few weeks ago. Crops and Farming. —A correspondent writes from Pannoomilloo:—I am glad to report some very satisfactory yields. The plain land is exceptionally good, averaging four bags of wheat per acre, and the timber land from three and a half to four bags. Owing to the low price of oats, the greater part have been cut for hay ; the balance is yielding from six to 10 bags per acre. We have several good farmers around here, who work their land in a systematic manner. It would well repay some of our up-country wheat growers to pay a visit to Mr. George Turvey’s and Mr. John Ander- son’s homesteads. They would find every im- plement required on a farm, and a place for everything and everything in its place. All the wheat is sown in with a drill, and 1cwt of bone- dust to the acre. They also use a horse hoe in the beginning of Spring, which goes between the drill rows and cuts up all weeds and moulds the soil around the growing crop, which is very profitable in a wet or dry season. There is nothing so annoying to a man driving from one farm to another as a badly swung gate. Good gates and well swung are the order of these farmers. Their wheat averages 6 bags and their oats 10 bags per acre. Mr. Geo. Harrison, who is also a good farmer, had the splendid re- turn of 1600 bags of wheat from 350 acres. Relief for the Burnt out Gippsland Settlers.— Acting on the principle of the old proverb that “He who gives quickly gives twice,” the mayor and mayoress of Bendigo (Mr. and Mrs. A. Harkness) have, by advertisement in another column, invited the citizens to meet them at the Town Hall this afternoon to dis- cuss and adopt what may be considered the best means for assisting those who have been rendered homeless by the disastrous fire in Gippsland. Ladies are invited to meet the mayoress at 3.30, and gentlemen to attend at 4.30. The mayor is of opinion that not a moment should be lost in initiating the movement as immediate help to the luckless burnt out settlers is urgently needed, and assistance at the present time will be doubly valuable to them. The disaster to the enterprising settlers in Gippsland has called forth heartfelt sympathy through- out the colony, but what is wanted now is that practical sympathy, for which Bendi- gonians have ever been conspicuous. That the appeal of the mayor and mayoress will be heartily and generously responded to there can be but little doubt, and that Bendigonians will, as of old, be again found in the front in aiding their follow colonists in distress is certain. It is, we believe, the intention of the mayoress in calling the ladies together prior to the meeting at 4.30 to organise a movement for forwarding clothing and other necessaries to the unfortu- nate settlers at once, and probably this pro- posal will be carried out. It is to be hoped that the movement will be heartily supported by the citizens, and a fund be raised worthy of the citizens of “Golden City.” The English Engineers’ Strike.—A special meeting of the Enginedrivers’ Associa- tion was held at the Trades’ Hall on Saturday evening to deal with a request from the Trades’ and Labor Council for assistance in aid of the engineers now on strike in England. Mr. S. Ryan (vice-presidents) presided. He remarked that the matter had been brought up at a meet- ing of the Bendigo Trades’ and Labor Council about a month ago, when it was decided to request a donation from every trade organisation that had not already ren- dered assistance to the strike fund. The Eaglehawk branch had already voted a sum towards the fund and the members of the Trades’ Council had levied on themselves to the extent of 1s per week while their own secre- tary (Mr. Coates) had donated a guinea. He hoped that the object would meet with the full sympathy of the enginedrivers. He believed that the Labor Council intended organising meetings to arouse sympathy with the move- ment. He considered that they should do all in their power to make the eight- hours’ principle universal. He had known what it was to work a shift of 12 hours, and no doubt others in the room had had the same experience. A member inquired as to whether they could vote a sum from the funds, o whether they would have to strike a special levy. Mr. Lewis said that at the time of the maritime strike they voted a sum from the funds, and made it up by levies. Mr. West- phalen moved that a levy of 6d per week be struck on all members of the branch in aid of the English Engineer strike fund, such money to be paid through the Trades and Labor Councbil. Mr. Lewis (acting secretary), said the laws gave them the power to enforce pay- ment of the levy. They should vote a sum of money from the No. 2 account to assist them temporarily, and then write to the A.E.D.A., requesting them to strike a levy. The executive had power to strike a levy for any reasonable purpose, and he considered that the present purpose for expending the money was reason- able. It was suggested that the levy should be made a shilling, but the chairman pointed out that whilst a number might object to pay a shil- ling levy, the whole of the members might be willing to pay the lower rate. While ad- mitting that sixpence per week was little enough, he thought they would have a difficulty in getting in the money at a shilling per mem- ber. The motion was seconded by Mr. J. Pattinson, and carried unanimously. It was decided to send £5 at once from the No. 2 account, the amount to be refunded to that account when the levies are collected. The meeting then closed. Visit of Mr. Zeb. Lane—A Denial.—Mr. Zebina Lane, of West Australia, well known for his connection with the Broken Hill and Great Boulder (W.A.) mines, is at present on a visit to Bendigo. In an interview yesterday he emphatically denied that the object of his visit is to secure miners at reduced wages for the Great Boulder or other Westralian mines. The engaging of men is left solely in the hands of the managers of the different mines. They would, however, be wanting some experienced miners in a short time to work rock drills. Mr. Lane further states that the object of his visit is to inspect machinery at the Bendigo mines and make arrange- ments for the supply of plants for West Australia. He more particularly requires heavy winding plants, compound engines, air com- pressors and rock drills. A large amount of work will be given to local engineers if the plans and prices Mr. Lane is being supplied with are satisfactory. Rosewarne v. Confidence Company.—We understand that the preliminaries are almost settled for an appeal to the Full Court in this case. It will be remembered that in February last Mr. Rosewarne was nearly killed by the hook sustaining the cage breaking. He was laid aside for many months, and will never be able to again follow his employment. He in- stituted an action against the company for £1000, and it was heard at the last Assize sit- tings of the Supreme Court in Bendigo. A verdict was given for the company. Alleged Larceny.— A young man named Alfred Innes was arrested on Saturday, charged with the larceny as a bailee of a horse, buggy and harness, the property of William John Crowder, of Castlemaine. It is alleged that the offence was committed in Castlemaine on October 21, 1897. A warrant for the arrest of a man, name unknown, and giving a description of the offender, was furnished to the Bendigo police a few days ago and placed in Detective Macpherson’s hands to execute. Innes answers the description given in the warrant. Schoolboys’ Mischief.—Yesterday after- noon a boy brought to Senior-constable Cant- well, of Golden Square, a cadet rifle which he said he had found in a culvert near the London Hotel. Knowing that the rifle was one of the kind used by the cadets, the officer visited the Golden Square State school and found that six of the rifles had been stolen. The small stock of ammunition kept at the school was scattered about the floor, the forms were shifted in all directions and the place was in an incredible state of disorder. Senior-constable Cantwell at once set about finding the depredators and after searching during the whole of the after- noon he, in company with Constable Walsh, arrested a small boy named Hector Tuart, who had one of the rifles in his possession. The robbery is supposed to have been committed by three or four boys. One of them gained en- trance by breaking a pane of glass in one of the windows and then opening a door from the in- side let the others in. The police have re- covered two of the rifles. They expect to make some further arrests either to- day or to-mor- row. From Bendigo to Eaglehawk.— The half- yearly meeting of the Miners’ Association was held at Eaglehawk on Saturday evening for the first time since the inauguration of the associa- tion, close upon 20 years ago. The change must have been a wise one. It was noticeable that the attendance was far larger than at any of the semi-annual meetings held in Bendigo for years past. The Eaglehawk members turned out well, but there were very few Bendigo miners present. The Kangaroo Flat Cab Service.—Resi- dents of Kangaroo Flat are bitter in their complaints against what they call the “al- leged” cab service between Kangaroo Flat and Bendigo. At certain times of the day a cab cannot be found for perhaps an hour, and then the driver will tell the unfortunate person who has been kept waiting—whether male or female, it makes no difference—that he cannot leave for 15 minutes unless he can pick up another passenger or two. The cabs—most of them we should say—are clumsily built and more fitted for carrying produce from a farm into market, than to carry passengers from the Kangaroo Flat suburb to Bendigo. The horses, too, in many cases are old, worn-out and slow, and as a rule it is an infliction rather than a pleasure to ride behind one of them more than a mile. The sooner the joint regulations are drafted and enforced, the better will the Kangaroo Flat re- sidents like it. The Late Mr. Wm. Gardner. —The funeral of the late Mr. Wm. Gardner took place yester- day afternoon, the place of interment being the Bendigo Cemetery. The remains were followed to the grave by a large circle of friends, who testified to the esteem in which the deceased was held. The deceased’s four sons were chief mourners. There were many beautiful floral tributes placed on the coffin by sympathising friends. Amongst those present were Messrs. J. H. McColl and D. C. Sterry, Ms.L.A., and Mr. W. D. C. Donovan. The Rev. A. S. C. James read the burial service, and the mortuary arrangements were carried out by Mr. W. H. Oakley. City Poor Box.— Sergeant Kilfedder desires to acknowledge with thanks the receipt of 10s 6d towards the funds of the city poor box from Mr. D. Mathieson. At the Lockup.—A man named Michael Kennedy was arrested on Saturday evening by Constable J. Kelly, charged with behaving in an insulting manner. A woman named Cecilia Shute was locked up by Constable Britt on a charge of vagrancy. Mr. H. Fegan’s drawing and painting classes resume work on Wednesday at the School of Art, McKenzie street. A Good Day’s Threshing.— Mr. G. J. Brasier’s “Bendigo machine” averaged 30 bags of wheat per hour on Mr. John Anderson’s farm at Pannoomilloo. To-day, at the Bendigo Arcade auction rooms, Messrs. G. H. Hobson and Co. will sell a special consignment of nickel mounted bed- steads and side boards. This morning at 11 o’clock Mr. J. H. Cur- now will sell on account of whom it may con- cern, all the furniture and effects lately used by Professor Baron at the premises, McCrae street, near Mechanics’ Institute. 