THE CARDINAL AT THE CATHE DRAL- THIRD LENTEN SERMON* THE MIRACLES OF OUR SAVIOUR, 'On 'Sunday last; in St. Mary*n Cathedral, the Car. -dfcaal- Archbishop delivered the third of his series of /'.Lenten sermons. Father Phelan was the celebrant of the Mass, 'aw£ the choir music, under Mr, J, A-, ? Delany, was Palestrina's. His Eminence, having read the Gospel oH: the Day, said-: We have been considering on. these Sundays ? ?of Eent the miracles of Our Biased Lord. I pro pose to you so-aay me wonuerrai miracle ox the feeding of the vast multitude on the shore of the Sea o£ Galilee. We find the ? miracle is Recorded by all of the four: Evangelists I . will read for you the shovt ?description, as given in St. Mark, chapter vi.y, vel'.ses: '34 to. 44. This miracle presents manv singular fea ttureRXor consideration. We are first; Of all struck 'fey £he vast multitude. St. Mark tells us that ' they that did eat were five thousand men,' and St. Matthew says 'the number of them that did eat was five thousand men, besides women; and chil dren.1' This s;reat multitude had followed Our Saviour ??Sol- three days. Some were strangers who liad come to the feet of Our Lord for the first time. They had heard of the Divine Prophet, and they ? -eacae to hear truths from His sacred lips. Others iliad heard of the marvellous miracles of Our Lord, and they came, bringing with them the sick, that they might be healed. The third class forming the multitude were those who assisted at Our .Lord's teachings in their synagogues. As the Evangelist tells us, 'He taught them in their synagogues; so that they wondered and said : How . «&tfie; this man by this wisdom and miracles ?' Tnese men and women came to be ' perfected in ifaith and to receive heavenly graces at His. Divine nanas. lnere were thus three classes oi people who followed Our Saviour 'into a' desert place apart.' Our Lord took compassion on them and healed their sick. And, as the Gospel tells us, ' He began to teach them many things.' As the shades «£ evening gathered around the multitude grew faint. The disciples came to Our Lord saying, ?'This a desert place, and the hour is now past; send them away, that going into the next villages and towns, they may buy themselves meat to eat.' Then came the Divine answer of love and compassion, ' Give you them to eat.' Our Lord would not send them away hungry. The disciples said, ' Let us go and buy bread for two hundred pence, and we will give them to eat.' Our Lord knew, and the Apostles knew, that this sum was not sufficient to provide even a little bread for each one. Our Saviour then asked the disciples ?what provisions they had brought with them. The 1 whole of the tiny store was only five loaves and two fishes. Our Lord commanded the Apostles that they should make the people sit down in companies on the grass. ' And they sat down in ranks, by hundreds and fifties. And when He had taken the five loaves, and the two fishes, looking up to Heaven, He blessed and broke the loaves, and gave to His disciples to set before them; and the two ' fishes He divided among them all. And they did eat, and had their fill. And they took up the leavings, twelve full baskets of fragments, and of the fishes. And they that did eat were 5000 men.' Here we are told that when all had their, fill, when all were satiated, there remained twelve large bas kets of food. That is to say, the Apostles having . given their own little store to the people, there remained for each Apostle a full basket. The great lesson Our Saviour teaches in this miracle is that the Bread ,'of Life comes from God ; the heavenly bread ; the true bread that cometh down from Heaven and giveth life to the world. The followers of Our Saviour had followed Him to learn lessons of heavenly wisdom. Hitherto they had fed on the ? husks of swine, but were not satiated. There was the craving for the food of the soul, the bread of spiritual life. And only the heavenly bread can satiate the soul of man. It is for this the heart longs. Our Saviour is to the spiritual world, as the sun to the material world. As the sun by its rays ? spreads blessings of ? light and joy and fruitfulness, so Our Divine Lord is the source whence comes all the blessings of peace and joy and spiritual fruit fulness. If the light of the sun is shut out, the world is left in darkness and desolation. So in the spiritual life, without the sun of God's love and mercy all is sbrro w and sadness and misery. In the Gospel- narrative (St. Matthew, xv. chapter) we read that the multitudes brought with them ' the dumb, the blind, the lame, the maimed, and many others, and they cast them down at His feet and He healed them.' . These afflicted ones came to Our Saviour, they gathered around Him to show to Him their wounds and their infirmities. This is a lesson that we must present ourselves, showing the wounds Satan has inflicted, the infirmities brought on us by our own sinfulness. As Our Lord healed the lame and the blind, so in His Divine mercy will He heal .us. He is the Good Samaritan! If we fall stricken by the wayside, and turn to Him for help, He is the Good Samaritan ; He pours into our wounds the healing balm of heavenly compassion: When .St. Peter asked Our Saviour, 'Lord, how often shall my brother offend against me, and I for give him? till seven times?' Our Saviour answered, ' I say not to thee, till seven times ; but till seventy times seven times.' Here we have the' Divine word that the sinner may seek and find: for- \ giveness not seven times, but seventy times seven. Wehaveaeen that the multitude on whose behalf i Our Divine Saviour performed the miracle of the ; loaves and fishes was composed of various classes. ' But there is one class we would do well to consider i in a special, way. There were many who had. i learnt lessons of wisdom from Our Lord, and who- i came there to be perfected. . Thanks bs to God. ! that now, as in the days when the Redeemer walked. ! the earth, so many faithful souls have recourse to.: the crowning blessings of bounty and love at the/ Divine source of all grace and truthi Some there are will say that in coming to the feet of Out-' Saviour we lay aside the- guidance of reason which.; Nature gives us.' These unbeliever's and scoffers..' tell us that it is useless to come to the feet of 'Our Lord. It is part' of their false teaching to make it, appear that faith in Our Lord and in His love and , mercy is lrra^ofta^ g0 $ar frOni being irrational* there is nothing more rational , nothing more conformable tb reason itself. Reason is not op posed to faithk Take the electric current running through the wires, carrying messages, so to speak, feorn one end of the earth to the other. We do not 'see 'the Current, but reason teaches us in this matter, &nd; we are guided by the dictates of science. Many of us have not seen New York or any of the other great cities of the 'United States. But we know that these States and these cities exist. It is most rational to believe that they do so exist. Our reaoOij. does hot make us doubt. We are satisfied to take the word of those who have traVelred and who have seen, those cities. -4n'd whan we come in spirit and in faith to the feet of Our Saviour, our reason tells us that He is Divine ; that His Mission is a Divine one ; that it bears the seal of infallible truth. It would he irrational if we did not so believe. In the coming on earth of Our Redeemer, and in the SaCred Holo caust of Calvary, the inspired prophecies of the Old Law were verified, and the promises of Almighty 'God were fulfilled. The love o£ Our Lord is moire than human love; His mercy is more than human mercy. In the fulfilment of His .Mission on earth we have the seal of Heaven and the stamp of the infinite love of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. On the cross Our Lord in His Divine humanity dies the Redeemer of the world. As the Lord God Omnipotent He comes forth from the 16mb, and ascends gloriously to Heaven. _ The Mission on earth of Our Lord was Divine. Century upon century has rolled by, but so far from time having dimmed the glory of that Mission, it has been perpetuated with ever-increasing splen dour from age to age. On Holy Church Our Lord, the Divine Founder, set the seal of Heaven. Giving St. Peter his commission, Our Lord said, ' Thou art Peter s and upon this rock I will build My church, and the gates of Hell shall not prevail against it' (St. Matthew, chap, xvi., 18 verse). We see the triumph of the early martyrs, and we hear the voice from Heaven telling up that Our Saviour is True God and true man. In every suc ceeding triumph this same voice from Heaven is heard. One other feature of this miracle merits our consideration. Our Lord, in His Own power and with His Own hands, could have provided food in olMinflonno fnv tha mnltiHiiJo. T?llf. ?o.'fl'ai'P t.nlfl in Holy Writ He blessed the loaves and fishes, 'and gave to His disciples to set before them' (St. Mark). In St. Matthew it is written, ' He took the five loaves and the two fishes, and looking up to Heaven, He blessed, and broke, and gave the loaves to Hie disciples, and the disciples to the multi tude.' In this we have a figure of Holy Church. Our Lord ordained that by His Apostles and their successors shall the Bread of Life be distributed. Our Lord could Himself have imparted the loaves and fishes to chosen souls. But, as the Gospel tells us, He ministered to the multitude through His dis ciples, through the Apostles. So to the end of time He appointed His Apostles and their successors to teach the faithful, and to impart the riches of His love and mercy. Our Lord commanded the Apostles to go and teach all nations, giving His Divine Word that the powers of Hell should never overcome His Church. Again, Our Lord ordained that the Spirit of Truth would come to abide for ever with His Church. Again, Our Lord says that HisChurch is the pillar and the ground of Truth. Heaven and earth shall pass away sooner than that the Apostolate of the Church should fail. Need I say that in speaking of Heavenly food that the special food of Our S aviour's love is our blessed inheritance in the Sacrament of the Altar ? It was precisely after the performance of the great miracle we have been con sidering to-day that Our Saviour foreshadowed the greater mystery of His love. In the sixth chapter of St. John we read : ' Labour not for the meat which perisheth, but for that which endureth unto life everlasting, which the Son of Man will give you ? Amen, Amen, 1 say to you, Moses gave you not bread from Heaven, but My Father giveth you the true bread of Heaven. For the bread of God is that which cometh down from Heaven and giveth life to the world. They said, therefore, unto him: Lord give us always this bread. And Jesus said to them*. I am thegBread of Life; he that cometh to Me shall not hunger ; and he that believeth in Me shall not thirst ? If any man eat of this bread, he shall live for ever ; and the bread that I will give is my flesh for the life of the world.' Soon after the multitude gathered around Our Lord and would make Him their King. ' And the multitudes that went before and that folio wed cried, saying : Hosanna to the son of David: Blessed is He that comefch in the name of the Lord; Hosanna in the highest.' In thin spirit we should cry out to-day. We should enthrone Our Saviour as the King of Mercy. Our Lord desires the love and homage of each faithful heart. Our Lord desires each faithful soul to be associated with Him in the splendours of His Heavenly Kingdom. Our Saviour's Own Divine Word is pledged that we shall be one day associated with Him in the glories of His Eternal Majesty. A blessing I wish you, dear brethren, in the name of Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Amen. 