Whitsunday Services. St. John's Cathedral. Tlio festival of Whitsunday was observed by special services' at St. Job u's' Cathedral yesterday. ' Tho day openod with tho early oolebrationsof whioh. one was in Obinese, und attended by a Chinese congregation. At 10.30 thore followed full choral matins und Holy Communion mis sung to Berthold Tonrs sot- ting in F, tho bright character of this nrasio lent itself to effective rendering by the boys'- voioos. Tho Bishop of Brisbane was the celebrant. In tho aftornoon thoro was a speoial Whitsunday service for tho "children, which was largely attended by tho Sunday' sokool and others. At oven- song, tho cathedral was taxed beyond its 'utmost accommodation. . At this servico tho musio selected included a very grnooful com position of Maofarren's to the words of one of tho ordination hymns, "O, Holy Ghost," while thbeantiolos wero sung to Gudsby's bril liant arrangement in tho key of O. Through- out tlio services the choir acquitted them selves with great oredit in the porformiince of tho. music, whioh required considerable attention. The sermons at both morning and evening service were preaahed by the Right Rev. Bishop-condjutor Dr. Stretch, und wore marked by tlio proaoher's accustomed vigour and eloquence. His appeal on behalf of the home missions in.the evening was convincing and irresistible. The offertories, which wero very large throughout tho day, wore given to the Oliuroh Sooioty, the diooesan agonoy for advancing mission work . within the diocese, wkoro no provision for spiritual work is othorwiso made. i Trinity, Valley. .. Rev. Canon Eva, .of Maryborough, con- duotcd the morning and evening services at Trinity Church, Fbrtitudo Valley, yesterday, tho Rov. J. Spoonor performing similar duties in the canon's parish. Holy communion: was celebrated, both at S and 11 a.m. The sor- mons wore appropriate to Whitsuntide. At the children's soryioo, held in the afternoon, Canon Eva delivered a suitnblo address. ' Many of the ladies of our royal family ore devoted to sick nursing, and the Duchess 'of Fife even goes so far as to say . that, were she not. the daughter of the Prince of Wules, she should oertainly haye become a lady dootor, - 