THE GHOST OF ROCKY HILL. In the quaint old town of Rockwood, in the neighbourhood of Rocky Hill, stood an ancient farmhouse. An observing traveller might have asked if, indeed, there was anything else in the town but ancient farm houses, and this par ticular dwelling differed but littlein appearance from its neighbours. The prominent feature of this noted spot was not its antiquity, but its ghost. "Thoe ghost of Rocky Hill " was no short lived delusion, but as charmingly defiant of investigation as the most inveterate lover of ghost lore could have wished. In fact, the old house, build before the invasion of the British, would scarce have inspired a passing thought but for the occasional manifestation of its time-honoured spectre. For years it had struck terror to the hearts of the superstitious and excited the curiosity of non-believers. It was a peaceable spoctacle,and seldom varied the order of its visitation, consequently the house could boast of a long liat of tenants, some of whom had heled to establish its notoriety quite as much as the wraith itself. There were rumours that the house had once been a rendezvous for the British in the troublous days of '76, and that murder had been committed within its walls. Later, it had been tenanted by a second Bluebeard, whose three wives had succeeded each otherin suffering from his brutality and finally become insane, ond terrifying the neighbours till even the ghost -ank into oblivion. But Bluebeard eventually went the way of all the earth,and the old house was occupied from time to time by the credu lous. who fled in terror from its unaccountable poises, and the incredulous, who resolutely Ignored what they could not explain, and stoutly refused to believe in the supernatural. The most sceptical, however, when pressed for an opinion, were obliged to admit that there was something queer about the place. To a few facts rumour had added many reports, intil it was impossible to ascertain which were false and which were true. Doors were said to open and shut without the aid of hands. Heavy sodies were rolled from one room to another. lBarrels bumped their way down the stairs. finware rattled, as if falling to the floor. The ,clauking of massive chains occasionally echoed through the house. The print of a bloody ]sand appeared upon the wall. Doleful moan ings were sometimes heard. Strange to say, people seldom agreed in locating the noises. ne would positively declare that they came from the cellar, while another with equal assur ance asserted that they came from the garret. fl'us things had gone on from year to year, till at last superstition, time, and decay had done their work, and the house stood empty. About that time, Silas Pain's wife resolved to replenish the family purse by taking summer boearders. Silas was a worthy farmer who jived in the heart of the wood, about two miles from the haunted house ; the very last place one would have thought that a rich man would have ch)sen as a summer resort for his daugh ters ; but one hot day in June, Dora and Cora Hayes, twin daughters of a Boston merchant, parrived, bag and baggage, at the Pain farm, asud were welcomed by the worthy couple who lived there with much good-natured bustle, and many injunctions to make themselves etnirely at home. The girls were delighted with their new Equarters, and indulged it, all sorts of rhap asodies over the rambling old house. " You know," said Dora, after one of those pursts of ecstasy, " papa sent us out here so that we could run wild this summer, and this is p darling place in which to hide away from mociety !" Aunt Sally pinched her rosy cheek, and told ier to run wild to her heart's content. And run wild she certainly did. One day the girls were strolling through the woods, when they suddenly came to an open highway. " I wonder where this road leads to ?" Cora remarked, as she peered down the dusty cart path. " I don't remember seeing that place be fore," pointing towards a dilapidated house. " Nor I," answered Dora. " Let's go and ascertain what it looks like." " It's empty, as sure as you live," answered Cura, a moment later, its she peeped cautiously through a broken window light. Just then a shadow fell across the path,and this girls looked p?p to see the sunI disappear in a big, black saloud. " Oh, dear I It's going to rain, and n?eroy knows how far we are from home ! What shall we do, Dora P" Her sister closely scanned the heavens before she replied : " It isn't going to be much. Let's try to open this window-i'm just wild to see the inside of this old coop. The rain will be a good excuse for house-breaking," she added, with a merry laugh. By the time they had succeeded in forcing an entrance the rain was falling in large drops. The girls paused a moment to watch it patter against the panes, and then began to explore the empty rooms. They had hardly reached the second floor, however, when a heavy clap of thunder caused them to return to the window, where they stood and gazed anxiously out at the pouring rain. The black cloud was fast in creasing, and the wind blew furiously. " Oh, dear !" exclaimed Cors, thoroughly frightened. '" Just hear that awful thunder I I wish we had gone home instead of comning here." " Don't be a goose, Cora I We should have been dreuched through. We must make the best of the situation. The rain will soon hold up." But the moments dragged along and the storm did nut abate; on the contrary, it in creased until it seemed as if the incessant crash of thunder would rend the'very earth. Dumb with terror thegirls crouched in a dark corner of the room and hid their faces in their hands to shut out the glare of the lightning. Suddenly they sprang to their feet,exclaiming ,.?, ... ±·· L _ L 0,0, SMrom. some part of the house had come a prashiug sound, as if heavy chains rattled together.. For a moment the girls stared at one another in bliank horror. Like a flush it dawned upon their minds that this was the haunted hoase of which they had often heard Aunt Sally speck. " Come !" whispered 'Dora, dragging her shivering sister towards the window ; " this is awful I We must go at once." As she spoke the whole artillery of the heavens seemed to burst directly overhead ; a terrific crash from some region below followed, and the old house quivered in every timber. With a wild scream the girls threw up the sash and leaped fromn the window. Half an hour later they staggered into the Pain kitoben, limp and exhausted. " You poor dears I" exclaimed Aunt Sally, as abe gazed at their blanched faces. " The storm has frightened you out of your senses; wherever have you been all this time P But -there-don't stop to talk until you hare hanuged your clothes and drunk some hot ginger tea." \- When the girls had recovered from their fright they rehearsed their adventure to'Aunt Sally, who listened eagerly. When the story Was ended she draw a long breath, and re marked that there was something mighty curi ous about that house, and she hoped the old thing was shook clean off its foundation, though she didn't suppose anythizng short of fire would settle that ghost; anyhow. But the haunted house still loomed on the brow of the hill the next morning, when Silas Pain drove around to inspect the place, upon which its absent owner had requested him to have an eye. " I cuess them gals was mure scared than hurt," mutered the farmer, as he drew rein in front of the structure, and scanned it criti cally. "' Bleat if I don't believe the old trap'll stand till the cud o' time I It'll take more'n that storm to start them timbers. I don't see but it looks 'bout the same as it has ever since I can remember ; blest if it don't !" He went to take a look at the rear ot the building. " Can't see nothing missing, 'thout it's a few panes o' glass," he muttered as he walked along. Then, suddenly coming to a halt, he thrust his hands into his pockets and stared at the north end of the house. There it stood, firm and erect, on empty air. The underpinning had caved in the entire length of one aide I As he began to comprehend the situation, he leaned against a tree, and scratched his head thoughtfully. Here was a revelation. It had never been known in his dlay that there was a cellar under the north end of the house, but now such a cellar was revealed. " If that don't beat all nater !" exclaimed Silas, falling on his knees and peering into the opening. " I'm sartin none o' the tenants knowed about this place, 'thout maybe old Bluebeard did I don't wonder the old thing is ha'nted I Here's traps enough to fit out a regiment. Guess I'll burrow into this hole and see what I can find. Shouldn't wonder if this was the ghost's headquarters I" When the farmer had lowered himself into the cellar he cast his eyes about him and muttered " Blest if I don't believe this hole dates from the days o' them tarnal redcoats !" Further investigation seemed to prove that supposition was right. The cellar had doubt less been the resort of a band of British spies, who at one time during the war were known to have been in hiding in that vicinity. The en closure, which was twenty feet wide and twenty feet long, was separated from the main cellar by a partition wall of stone, built on a line with the base of the chimney. A large fireplace had been coustructed in the mammoth flue directly under the kitchen. Here was the secret of the strange noises which for half a century had disturbed the peace of the tenants. The slightest sound from below was conducted by this flue to the room above. The floor of this apartment was a ledge of rock, which also served as a sounding board for what ever chanced to fall upon it. In one corner a pile of rotten casks, that might have contained English ale in the days of Washington, were packed against the wall ; some of them had rolled from the pile and scattered their contents. tin cups, plates and other military rubbish, on the floor, where they had rushed away. Several broken bayonets, a rust-eaten sword, and three old muskets were found in another part of the room. Near these, three massive cable chains, such as might have done service on an English man-of-war, were hanging from iron spikes in the floor joist overhead ; on the ledge beneath lay a number of these chains, where they had fallen, as one by one the spikes rusted off beneath their weight. Wheu the farmer caught sight of them he thrust his hands deeper into his pockets. " Yes, yes," he muttered; " so you're the ghost, are ye ? Well, 1 colkerlate yer won't scare the daylights out o' no more folks, though 1 reckon the fools ain't all dead yet. I allus knowed it was some kind o' nateral consequence, but this ghost distemper is su'thing like the cholera-the only way to stop it from spreading is to quarantine every simpleton that shows any symptoms of the disease." llavig relieved his mind, he kicked a chain spitefully out of his way and continued his ex •'lorations. There was a quantity of mouldy lulbish, all bearing the style of ancient days. Indeed, the only connecting link between the past and the present in this lust-u-aten medley was the unmistakable evidence that armies of rats had, from time to time, inhabited the den. A ladder led to a trap-door in the floor above ; but at some remote period a second floor had been laid over the trap, hiding it from view, and blocking up the only entrance to the room below. The news of Silas Pain's discovery spread rapidly through the town, and before night more than a hundred people had visited the haunted house. And so, after years of devoted alleginuce, the lovers of the supernatural in Rockwood were compelled to acknowledge that the ghost of Rocky Ilill, like our beloved Tell, was only a myth. The last of that dear legion of grandfather's ghost stories had become a fable. But when a few months later a human skele ton was actually found in one of the casks each devotee denied that he had over doubted the existence of his ghost ship ; while the owner of the house, despairing after this discovery of ever finding another tenant, discontinued mak ing repairs; and one dark night soon after the haunted house melted away in a mass of spec tral flames. Tradition tells us that the ghost of Rocky Bill is now a homeless wanderer-n fugitive from honest investigation. 