LILIAN, TREMAYNE'S SECRET. By BEBarn M. CLAu Authoreis of "An Ideal Love," &c.;) CHAPTER LIII. :'. -1'I, U'Y:TITH HAND OP LOVE Tle'sifence thioughout the great house of Medf6rd was oppressive. Tho servants walked upon tiptoe across the polished oakoi floors and spoke in whispors. The day had been looked forward to as one of quiet rejoicing, for the story of the duke's marriage had leaked out; but instead of merry-making there was trouble-trouble, sudden and unexpected. Miss Tremavno's father had suffered an othpr spell of frenzied insanity on his daughter's wedding morn. Ho had at tacked one of my lord duke's guests-he had attacked Dr. Klein, his medical man and nearly choked him.to death. He had beaten him insensible with his violin. The doctor was terribly disfigured, and the madman was dead. Ho lay dead on his bed, and the duke was inconsolable the duke was nearly mad himself, witl grief, with horror, with disappointment. He had forbidden the servants, on pain of instant dismissal, to mention one word of the tragedy in Miss TremayDo's hear ing. And when they were holding whispers of all this trouble the news came that the duke's secretary had been shot that the duke's secretary was dying at the village hotel. Twe or three of the men-sorvants remembered seeing Mr Vincent leave the house. He parted from the duke on friendly terms, and went out into the night to be shot by some prowling thief. So disaster follows disafster, and the duke was now cowering over the fire in the breakfast-room, his face drawn and hargard, his eyes wild-despair in his very attitude. Near to him on a couch, propped up with pillows, his face in bandages, was Dr Klein. He would insist upon leaving his bedroom, for danger seemed to lurk in every corner. "I do not attempt to disguise anything from you, Klein," the duke was saying. "Of course I shot Vincent, and have made a bungle of it. I hear that he has refused to make any statement, but if he does finally accuse me, I must deny it. He has no proof that I assaulted him. and my servants saw him part from me. It makes me mad to think that we have both bungled, but I am determined that this marriage shall go on. I will fight to the last." i' "I cannot help you further," Klein groaned. "I am a ruined man. I shall not be able to present myself to the world for weeks. Look at me I My face c isbeaten into an nnrecognizable mass." : S"Curse it all," was the brutal ro. joinder. " Perhaps your disguise may be of service to you; your friend Cavalli won't be able to recognise you now I" Their conversation was interrupted by the butler. "A person to see you, your grace," he said. . 6" What! at this hour in the morning 1" The duke had paled to the lips. " Who is it.? What does he want I can see no one.: " He brings a message from Mr Vincent your grace." S"Ha l" "Otherwise I would not have admitted him." ' "Very good, Tompkins. Bring the message to me." \- :'He says that it must be given into your hands alone, your grace," the butler continued. "A Where is the person ?" .:" In the west library, your grace." .'I *ill see him," and he waved the butler,away. ,,The duke was thoughtful for a few minutes. The messenger was probably a detective. Well, if he were charged and arrested it would be an easy matter to treat the affair contemptuously, and get bail. "Do not be gone long," Dr Klein said. ."And give me a drop of brandy. My nerves are so unsteady by fright and pain that I cannot keep a limb still." SThe duke walked to the library in the west wing with a firm step. He pushed open the door, and started back with an oath when he saw a dark form rise to meet him-a form that was essentially foreign. "Antonio Cavalli 1" he muttered, under his breath. " No, this man is to elight --too1small. So Mr Vincent pro duces his trump card !" "What is your business " he de manded, aloud, and vainly endeavouring to recall the Italian's face to mind. It was familiar, and yet he could not remember to whom it belonged; but the man kept persistently in the shade of the curtains, merely tossing Vincent's letter on to the table near which the duke was standing. He seemed to be afraid to trust his voice to speak. and his breast heaved painfully. S.The duke perused the note, an expres sion of relief and surprise passing over his face. "You know the contents of this, sir," heasked haughtily. The Italian inclined his head " It is simple nonsense," went on the 'duke. "PoorVincent's mind is wander ing. He, calls you a friend of mine, while 1 do net even know your name have never before set my eyes upou you." "I am a friend of Therese Cavalli," the Italian replied. "Ha! And pray what business is that of mine P" his grace demanded, contempt uoisely. " I had almost forgotten such a creature ever had existed. The interview is at an end, sir." " No, it is not at an end yet, my lord duke. I have come to know why you deserted Therese Cavalli-your lawful wife. I have been a long while tracking you, and now that we are face to face, I will know the truth." " And who and what may you be ?" was the sneering question. "Some broken-hearted lover who dreams of revenge? I had expected to meet her brother-pray, sir, who are you ?" "Irepeat that I have come to prove your guilt or your innocence-or- " The man who had called himself Antonio Cavalli buried his face for ;i moment in the folds of his cloak. He was too overcome to speak further. Suddenly he stopped into the light, tossed aside his hat-snatched away the beard and moustache from his face, revealing to the duke's astonished gaze the beautiful features of a woman ... .„. * 00 " Frederick " she whiiperd, "Fred. Brick-my lover-my husband Your a rherese has come to you. Your Thereso t ilas found you at last I Never once have a [ believed the false tales that have been told to me. I know that you are true- I my grand lover-I know that you are t true.) SShe fell upon her knees before himn, her great dark oyes full ot passion iand pain. " I said that I would kill you if your 3 love were dead," she went on ; " but, olh I Frederick, I love you still-I love you t still. They thought that I was dead. When I heard that you were lost to )m\e- r I was impelled by the evil eye of (thI Englishman who told Ine the awful slory -I was impelled to sook relief in the I cold river. But I was not to dit e the sweet waters restored my reasonu, asld I struggled for my life. I was pickeld Up, bat was near to death for nlouuy, mnalay months. But I have lived for o vl darlirs > and I have come, I have cont I' She was crying now, and cliughig to hsi knees in a fron.y of love a?ad doub)\t, "Oh, myi Frederick, spa?k lto t t, take I me in your arms. 1 a:u yoiur wife. 1 will never leave you a?ill., 1 lve roi, my darling-I love yo:. 1 hiove no revoeng, it is cold an, d!eadi 1 arve nothing but hlve, love, loveI\ Frederick Vausitart, Pilha of iled.Mi'ln had been in many pto.uliar and unci- oml fortable positions during his varied sareer but never before had he felt no bwildered and helpless. He had uothiing lut: ) stg and contemlpt for the poor crnat tre befolr' him whose lifo hIe had ruined. " I heard that this was yousr wdding day," Therese said. " I lneard that thin was your wedding.day, smy 'Frederick, but you did not know that I lived, adl I have conme back to you, al to your love. 1\. alone, am your lawful wirf-your wifo in thle siglit of God and nmun." " Begone, woman 1" ihe said, at lasa, n fearful oath upon his lips. " Would you ruin me ? Go back to Italy, If you want monoey-- " "Money '" she said, scornfully. " I spurn your money. I want your love I want that which is minlo by right. I will not go. My place is by your side." She had sprung to her foot, and was regarding himt with flashing eyes. " I will take off those dreadful clothes, and you must provide me with dresses suitable for a lady. Find some apart. monts for me hero. I will not go. Frederick, I will not go." Ono moment his hand grasped the revolver that was still in his breast. pocket, and the light of murder shone in his eyes ; then lie turned swiftly toward her, a smile upon his false, cruel face. " Carissimia Mia I" he whispered, and she leaped into his arms with a glad cry. She sobbed on his shoulder and caressed him with a tenderness that was pitiful to " My Frederick loves me still!" she sighed. "All that was told to me was false, and I shall stay with him always; I shall never go away from him again." Tho duke did not quite relish this declaration, and had quite resolved to put her away from him forever. He was simply consumed with rage. The tangle was getting beyond him. Ho had never anticipated the ghost of such a complica tion as now stared him in the face. He pressed his hot lips to the girl's brow, the lips that were breathing hatred for her; and she clung still tighter to his breast. What was he to do 1 What was he to say? How could he dispose of the loving fool? He pushed her gently away, but sho hold firmly to him, murmuring " Kiss me again, my Frederick! I will not leave you. Kiss me again I" She had her hand over the trigger of the revolver in his breast-pocket, and tightening her hold as he tried to dis. engage himself. Oh I how innocently this fond creature pressed the tongue of fatal steel-a smile on her lips the while -a happy light in her beautiful eyes 1 She shrieked also when a sharp report broke the stillness, arid the duke staggered to a chair, his hand against his breast, his eyes starting from his head. The muzzle I of the pistol was turned inward, and he was shot through the heart. He died without a. groau-killed by the hand of love 1 This was the duke's wedding.day-he was wedded to-DEAIur I CHAPTER LIV. THE RINGING OF THE BELLS. Vincent did not employ many words in the story he had to tell the young earl and his two friends. " I don't want to whitewash myself," he said. " I was false nud ungrateful to a gcod master for the iake of money; I wanted money. I wfis ready to sell my soul for money, buif Heaven knows that was my greatest cie. I never dreamed that my new mas was capable of mur der until I met uh the Italian-a man named Cavalli- who has none to him this day for justice He married Cavalli's sister years ago, then employed a doctor to kill her-to put her out of the way." 'And Miss Tremayne is still safe '' demanded the earl, feverishly. " She was safe last night." " And why did she go to the scoun drel's house at all 1" "He got her father there, then pre tended he was dying, and Miss Tremayne fell into the trap. His idea is to force her into marriage, and he has arranged for the ceremony to take place to.day. Listen, my lord; it cannot take place. Cavalli will kill him, most assuredly. Cavalli has been tracking him for years. " Then when the duke thought that I know too much, and was. of no further use to him, he followed me last night; he shot me in the back, took away what money he had given me, beat me with. his fists, and I am dying." "There is hope yet," said Dr. All bright." ' If you say so, sir, I have hope," re plied Vincent. " One question," interrupted the doc tor. " How do you come to know me 1 Why did you telegraph to me ?" " I knew you as Misa Tremayne's friend. I wanted you to come and help her. It was I who found out the retreat of the earl, my young master; it was I who discovered that Mrs Temple was Miss Tremayne, and I got into your house by pretending that I had a sister who wished to consult you." "I remember the circumstance," the doctor said. " My friend, you have not the color of a dead man. From the nature of your wound, the bullet appears to have entered the pleural cavity and caused a number of internal hemorrhages. Keep perfectly still until I am able to see you again." Vincent looked hopeful, and a wistful ligut came into his eyes. "You will forgive me, my young master ?" he asked. "I played with you when you were a baby, and I have often resolved since I began the business of professional spy, to tell you all." "Vincent, there is one thing that. speaks in your favor; you have not spoken one evil word of my mother, the countess. I know everything from her own lips.. I forgive you freely." * The earl pressed his hand as h sp'oke, and the man seemed overcome by grati tude and shame. He turned his face away, and cried weakly. Sir George Granville summoned the policeman, who was vainly onideavoriiig to learn what was going on inside the room. "We are gonig to Medford Hall," he said, "and you had better comb with'us. 'The noan who shot Vincent is there, and you many he' wanted. Go downstairs an'd order a vehicle. We don't want a curious crnwd at our heels." 'The otlicer hesitated a inoment. His nuperior oflicor had told him not to desert Iifn iclnt. . . " If you delay, we shall dispense with yvo'r hoIVie?en," said Sir Gebrge. "There in nothing hero for you to'do; the man Ilhe tttled Imm ntatomont to Uis." 'Th1, policonnn salutoa' ii somi.inilitary flshlln, 1sºtd quticklly departed. He fan led ti that tl (torgoe'n tones had a sig ititlllint ring hi then,. An arrest was to he maede tifter all. ') Of curt'oe, we taunt have Medford nt'tesetld," tile hntrolote decided, "and thtn Fotthwithl . 11ly thle means, all hin shltetnees will fall to tahe ground. We will hittrgu hintn with tnitlttdr, or attemltrad litt dne', Wllth shintltimn, tanid varlout ,ther Counts, whlih will look very for tltirable wihn arrayod Itt the vague re dltantln ?y of eaplr:weod legal phrase. t' hou' will tnoevr arrent hin, gentle. t'ni," bIroklo il the 'oleio of Vincent.' " ti ie dotlan; I unt nuro 'of it.' The" tkilhtut loft. hero a little after daybreak'; hto left here to kill the nattl who betrayed hi ninltr, The ioewn may come at any utntent,." In lifteen mitnutes the policeman ro tirnlnd, and announced that a' four: whcelor wais at the door, and the pafity wanted no time' in starting for the hall. Vitncont' belief, and positive aasortion: of tmore tragic events, filled' the'm:with' grave aplirchonsiin. So ianxious was the earl concerning Marian Tromediond that' lhe could not longer trust himself to speak. His heart was full of mingled fury and dread' As they stopped into the closed car' riare, another vehicle stopped atthe door: anc a' voice demanded how the injured man fared. " I have leit orders that no one is to be admitted to his room," spoke up Dr: Allbright. "Iam a physician, sir." " Then he is better. I am the 'clergy: man of this parish, and am glad that he is not in urgent need of my services. as I have a pressing engagement at Medford Hall." "And so have we," spoke up the doctor, quickly. "And our business may be identical." The clergyman smiled pleasantly. "You are friends of his grace," he said, " and I see that he has invited you to his wedding. I am to officiate. I suppose you are going to the hall now I" " Yes. I am really glad to have met you. Oblige by litting your coachman lead the way. " With pleasure." The vehicles rolled away, the occupanti of one full of pleasurable' importance, the occupants of the other stern and grim, the weight of a great oppression upcn them. "Even if the rascally duke's plans are avorable to himself" thus far, we are at east intime to foil him," Athol said, with ome satisfaction. "I am puzzled'liow he clergyman and his curate have fallen nto the trap. I am sure that the vicar would countenance nothing of a doubtful lature." Sir George Granville -eagerly scruti iased the face of the lodge-keeper, as he )pened the gates. The man did not hesi. ate to admit them, seeing that they ecompanied the vicar, and there was no shadow upon his features; he evidently elioved that all was well with the duke, end smiled in a knowing sort of 'way. "Good- morning, .Adams," the vicar aid. "I hope that the trouble that has efallen the secretary has not upset his race." '' "I hope not,-sir, and I ain't sure that iy lord knows about it yet. The butler id say there was no need to worry him n his wedding-day." - " The case is not so bad as was at: first eported," -the vicar replied. " The Luk's 'London physician, who is behind, Las just left the wounded man." The lodge keeper touched his cap to the arriago and grinned. ". It isn't a very bright morning fori a wedding, and a wedding of our great luke, too,'' Adams went on, "but we've alanned a little surprise, sir, me and the sutler, and Williams, sir, and I may' as fell tell you about it, as this grace may dlame you." " Blame me l" " Yes, sir. ' You see, sir, Williams, the ,rofessional bell-ringer from Birmingham, a down here visiting his sister, and he got alking about your peal of bells;, sir, and lidn't think they could be of any. account n this little parish. So the butler lets ip and says they are the prettiest in the :ountry, and promised Williams he would aet you to let him chilime them?s',sir Well, ae showed them to Williams, and iwe Mlanned a surprise, and .his grace will aave the grandest wedding peals in the voild, for nobody can beat Williams " At first the clergyman and his curate, who was with him, were aniiDyed 'and angry, for my lord had expr'essly'folbid len any bell-ringing, and his 'displeasure would be great. It was two miles to the Thurch, and they were only just in time or the ceremony. ,To go back and turn Williams out of the belfry would occupy an hour.' There was no help for it. and after all, there would not be much harm lone. "This may cost. you your place," he aid, severely. " His grace particuliarly requiested that there should be no demon atrations until his return home next spring." " ... . ..... . .. ... ' . . The lodge-keeper looked' a little' crest fallen. He admitted that the servatits were 'aware, of the quiet: nature of 'the weddini , biat" the peals'that" Williams would ring would'more thian compensate for the liberties they had taken. At that momnent the' wintry air 'was startled by a fantastical prelude 'wafted from the church tower that s'ood upon the hill behind the village of Mddford. "That's Williams 1" ' exclaimed the lodge- keeper.: "'That's him, sir, but what's he'ringing I"' "The man is playing a joke upon us," the vicar niaculated, angrily. " More .e he's drunk, sir. He told us that he could always ring better when he'd had a drdp " ' The vicat stepped out of his carriage, in great perplexity; and wa's joined by Dr. Allbright and' Sir George Granville, 'for the air was now flooded with a medley of sounds. Never had the bells of Medford Church rollicked in this ridiculous fashion before. "I will instantly discharge the,verger for giving up the keys without consulting me," the clergyman fumed. "Gentle men, we had better proceed to the house, and it'is to be hoped that. his grace can not hear the mad jingle. A man must be sent on horseback to put a stop to'it." But the sounds of' jocundity. suddenly changed to a requiem, and the vicar. and his curate wore shocked when Sir George declared 'that 'a 'dirgo was more appro. priate than a sdng of mirth." . " This Williams, whoever he may be, is gifted with a prophetic soul," he said. "You surprise tme, sir. The 'man must 'be drunk, and' has in his mind the outrage committed upon the duke's secretary. Let us go to. the house at once. His grace' will be growing impas tient." " . ." -: . . . . ? ' The carriages moved slowly forward, leaving the lodge-keeper in a very un. happy frame of mind, and the fitful wind brought to their cars the beautiful and impressive hymn, "He Cometh to Judge the Earth," chimed upon the bells with soulful solemnity A" shudder ran through Athol's very soul. What was the meaning of these awful sounds ' Did they presage good or evil? Wore the bells under the control of some avenging spirit ? Sir George Granville and Dr. Allbright were strongly affected, too, but the stolid face of the pdlibehih inever relaxbd one iota. To him the bells were ringing-that was all. He merely remarked that "They iwern't so lively like as they was some times I" And now succeeded that thrilling ode to death, which is in itself deathless: " Vital spark of heavenly flame, "QuLit, h;'quit this mortal frame! Trembling, hoping, lingering, flying, Oh, the pain, the bliss of dying! Cease, fond Nature, cease thy strife, And let me languish into life ! Following this was a brief silence ; then came thoisolemn and awe-inspiring sound of the passing bell, its monotonous dirge striking 'a hill into every' heart. As the tivo vehicles neared the house, half a dozen servants came forward, aniong whomn '*as the butler, and the vicar at oniice addressed hint angrily. " Has his grace remarked upon the bell, ringing I" he deoimanded. "The man you have arranged with to ring them is evi dently intoxicated, and some one had better be senot to atop him." " I think it must bo by the duke's orders," the butler replied. "I thought that you had given Williams the uorder to ring the passing bell." 1,WhaS nonsense are you talking 7 Is not this the duke's wedding day 7 Hereo are noveral guests, and the bride must be waiting." " That may be, sir'; but Mr Tremayno died this niorning, anid I haven't seen my master since eight o'clock. He is engaged in the library, in tht' west wing, with a foreigsialooking gentleman. I believe that he wants no alterations' in the wedding ariangements; as everybody has strict orders not to mention the death of the' old gentleman in Miss Tremayne's hear ing. ' ' "Thi lady is well 4" the Earl of Lytto demanded, tremulously, for he was now standing at the'side of the clergyman. " Yes, sir; I believe so, sir."' ' "Thank Heaven I thiank Heaven l' cried the young man,- much to the astonishment of the vicar and the butler. "Come, Granville; come;'doctor. There is no need for further waste of time. Officer, you stand' in the hall ready to obey us, if your services are- needed," 'Th'e clergyman and his curate were siiiply dumbfounded; and looked appeal ingly at our:friends, while the butler put on an air of dignity. "Gentlemen, I cannot admit you until I know your business, and I don t think that we've got any use for a policeman hero." "I haven't a card," Athol replied, " but go direct to his -grace and inform him that Lord Lytte' and some friends desire to see him immediately." 'The buitler was satisfied, and the party followed him into a reception-room. : "Gentlemen," Athol continued to the vicar and his curate, "'there will be no wedding to-day. Miss Tremayne has been decoyed here against herc will" by a scoindrel, and that scoundrel is the Duke of Medford. If" you: choose, you can stay to see the villain unmasked -the villain who last night attempted to murder his own servant. Just'then'there was a loud yell of horror from one of the servants and the passing bell said : "Toll, toil, toll !" (To be Coninued). 