SOCIAL NOTES. The balls to be given by the Mayor and Mayoress on Thursday and Friday evenings of next week at the Albert Hall are being looked forward to with much pleasure. The number of invi tations issued by his Worship and Mrs. Sutton for each ball is very large, and the event should prove a most brilliant function. The hospitalities that were extended to the citizens by Mr. and Mrs. Sut ton during Mr. Sutton's term of office in 1890, 1891, and 1892 were lavish in the extreme, and still reman pleasant memories in the minds of those who participated in them. Friends and parents of the children have been invited as spectators in the gallery on the night of the juvenile ball. the Mayor having so arranged that the visitors shall arrive at a given time and retire at a quarter to the fol lowing hour, in order to allow the gal leries being cleared before the next division is due. The arrangement is an admirable one, and it is to be hoped that the guests will consider the wishes of their host and hostess in this mat ter, and not linger after the stated time, thus causing confusion and an noyance. The Launceston Amateur Operatic Society has scored another pronounced success in the production of "Les Clo ches de Corneville" at the Academy of Music. Four performances were' given, commencing on Tuesday evening. The opera was splendidly staged, special scenery having been painted by Mr. Gladstone Eyre. The tableau of ghosts immediately preceding the chorus "Silent Heroes" was received with prolonged applause. Throughout the opera the scenes were presented with much brightness and clearness, and everything went with splendid swing from the rise to the fall of the curtain. Miss Beatrice Ferguson as sumed the character of Germaine in a very pleasing manner, and interpreted the unknown high-born maiden living among the peasants as one of them selves very intelligently and gracefully. Her singing in the various songs, duets, etc., was sweet and clear, and gained for her numerous recalls and hearty applause. Miss Ethel Ferguson made a vivacious Serpolette, and is to be con. gratulated upon this her first appear ance in opera. Mr. McEachern as the Marquis presented a well-drawn char acting being excellent. Mr. C. P. Ham acter representation, his singing and mond, the Baillie, was imposing in his black .velvet and gold lace, and acted the part of the "Wonderful Man" In a most creditable manner. As Gobo Mr. H. floolan created an immense amount of amusement, and displayed at all times a very clever pourtrayal of the character. Mr. F. Hudspeth, of Ho bart, gave a very clever performance of a difficult part in Gaspard, and was received with rounds of applause. Miss Florrie Jones pleased the audience very much in the character as Grenicheux. A special word of praise is due to the members of the chorus. There was a swing and brightness about them that is not always to be found with amateurs, and the dressing was really good. The sailors, peasants, coachmen, and peasant girls were costumed in the bright tints that are supposed to have been favoured by the people of that time and generation, and when the full chorus appeared the scene was kaleido scopic-a moving picture of brillanco and harmony. Mrs. Thomlinson, Mr. Thornthwalte, and Mr. Balfe are to be heartily congratulated upon the success of "Les Cloches de Corneville," and it is hoped that it will not be long before another opera is put into rehearsal. I am indebted to a contributor for the following notes from Longford re Longford races, on the 9th inst.:-It was a matter for regret that the weather was unfavourable, rendering it unpleasant for the ladies who had to stand in the open air most of the time.. Much might be done in the way of planting a belt of pines, or some other ornamental trees, with a few seats scat tered about, to improve the reserves, and thus offer much more comfort to patrons. Among those present were Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Gibson, Mrs. R. F. Irvine, Mr. and Mrs. Falkiner, Misses Falkner, Mr. and Mrs. Erskine Parker, Miss Mason, Hon. T. Relbey, Miss J. Collins, Mr. and Mrs. Geo. Arthur, Dr. and Mrs. Haines, Mr. C. S. Agnew, Mr. C. P. Hammond, Mr. and Mrs. Talbot, Mr. and Mrs. T. Arthur. Mr. W. Grubb, Mr. Alex. Archer, and Mr. R. O'Connor. 