intelligence. DIOCESE OF SANDHURST. (From our own Correspondent.) The socond annual picnic of the H.A.C.B. Society and St. Kilian's schools was held at Axcdale on the 9th inst, Five special trains left Bendigo between 9 a.m. and 1 p.m., and all were well filled, it being estimated that close on liOO persons journeyed to the picnic ground by rail. A large number also journeyed in cabs and other vehicles, •whilst a fair number of cyclists were present. Amongst the visitors were the Most Rev. Dr. Crane, Bishop of Sandhurst, Very Rev. Dr. Barry>Bev. J. O'Carroll, ptfaplfrin to the Society, Dr. Burke GaJfheyV'Cr. Lazarus, and^ Major Kirby. fhe 'ieetu%;fc^ed djynf and flfe band,\unijer (life direction of Mr. T. Butler, first ^ubU^epppftvance, and render&fcjtfopular; airs^m a very creditable manhcr.—NofEhcott's City Band was also in attendance, and vied with the society's band in discoursing patriotic melodies. The programme of sports .provided was lengthy and varied, and each event was closely contested. Mr. J. Jeffrey, the secretary, worked very hard, and the picnic was in every way n decided success, leaving a substantial credit-balance to be divided between the society and the Catholic schools. The following clerical changes have been made in the dioccseFr. Mahony from Yarrawongato Pyramid Hill; Fr. O'Reilly from Nagambic to Yarrawonga; Fr. Bolger from Tatura to Nagambie. Fr. G-affey has been appointed pastor of Myrtleford in the placc of the late Fr. Barry. VIOLET TOWN. On the 30th ult. a new brick church was solemnly opened and blessed at Violet Town by the Most Rev. Dr. Seville, O.S.A., coadjutor-Bishop of Bendigo. His Lordship was assisted in the function by the Very Revs. Dean Davy, D.D., P.P. (Benalla), and Fr. O'Farvell, C.SS.R. (Ballarat). We are indebted to the " Violet Town Sentinel," 4th inst., for the following particulars :— As showing the good feeling existing between this denomination and the other Churches, we might mention that many of the Catholics denied themselves the privilege of taking part in the service in order to allow adherents to the Protestant faith to obtain seats—in fact, nearly the whole of the front seats in the building were occupied by members of other Churches. High Mass was celebrated by Dean Davy. Farmer's Mass in B Flat Was sung by the choir of St. Joseph's Church, Benalla. An impressive sermon was preached by Fr. O'Farrell from the Gospel of St. Matthew—"And Jesus eaid all power is given unto ine in heaven and in earth. Go ye, therefore, and teach all nations, baptizing them hi the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost; teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you; and I will be with you all days, even to the consummation of the world." A generous response was made, the sum of .£105 being received in liquidation of the debt on the building, which cost £1250. The church was dedicated to gt. Attracta. The Dean thanked all who had assisted, and especially the non-Catholics who had taken such an interest in the church. He had received much sympathy and encouragement outside of his own Church, and was very thankful for it. He also thanked the visitors from Benalla and Euroa, and more especially the choir, who had rendered excellent service. The Bishop was pleased to share in the joy of the people at the opening of such a fine building. It was most creditable to all, and showed the generosity of the people in the district. In tlie matter of efcting the new church, great credit was f ue to their shire president (Mr. M'Shane) and Mrs. M'Shane, who had always taken a lively interest in the Catholic Church during the whole time that they bad been in the district. They had never allowed' their zeal to flag for an instant, being always ready and willing to help on the good cause. He hoped that the people would. do their best to clear the debt off the church as soon (is possible, and that the building would be filled with worshippers. There was again a crowded congregation ftt Vespers in tho evening, \Vhen Fr. O'Farrefl again preached. The building consists of nave, chancel, porch, and cacristy—all of brick. The total length of the nave and chancel is 71 ieQt, the width of the nave being 25 feet 6 inches, and of the chancel 15 feet. The entrance porch is 8 feet by 7 feet, and the sacristy 11 feet by 10 feet. The walls of nave and chancel are 16 feet 6 inches high, 14 inches thick, supported by buttresses 18 inches wide. The foundations are of brick and cement laid on cement concrete lfi inches thick. A damp proof of patent rubberoid is laid on all walls U&aer; flotfrline, Thp 4??F® fl 5 e of P ine » pannelled and ledged. The frames are set on bluestone Bteps. The skirting over the floor is of cement, 15 inches high, moulded and double-faced. The walls throughout internally are finished in plaster, sand stucco-fined, etc., to represent freestono. Heavy ornamental principals and purlins support the roofing, which is covered with slating secured bystrong copper nails; handsome saddle ridge ventilators decorate the roof, and these are connected to the ceiling bywooden flues or shafts of spacious dimensions, ensuring ample ventilation throughout the building. The ceiling inside is lined with 4-inch kauri boards, laid diagonally, and finished with moulds, cornices, facias, etc., all painted and varnished alternately. The roof principals spring off stone corbels moulded and finished in plaster. The flooring is of Murray pine, laid on well-tarred joists and bearers, and secured with steel-wire patent nails. The windows are filled in with handsome tinted glass in lead lights with margins. Hopper vents to open and shut are formed in the windows. The altar railing is filled in with metal panels picked out in tints. The altar, which stands on a platform, is approached by three steps, and is of polished blackwood and kauri, with turned shafts and pilasters, moulded and enriched caps, decorative panels of stamped golden glass, etc., the whole forming a quiet and chaste addition to the appearance of the church. The building has been seated throughout with kauri-framed scats with solid ends and hinged kneeling boards. The cost of the work complete is about iil200. The new church is of the Gothic style, and reflects the greatest credit upon the architects (Messrs. Kempson and Connolly), Mr. Horsfield (the clerk of works), and the builder (Mr. W. G. Ireland). 