CHAPTER LiXVIII.—CONCLUSION. The boldness of Burt Braxton in play ing ghost amazed Surgeon Powell, when .he said that they would ride right into the Indian village. But the Surgeon Scout did not hesi tate, and the two “ghosts,” well mounted and leading Ithree white horses, ■did boldly enter the red-skin village at midnight, and ride up to the cabin of the renegade chief. It.was snowing hard, and the one brave kept on duty as guard outside of the cabin was crouching under shelter enveloped in his blanket, and knew nothing of the spectral foes near until he received a blow on the- head that ■Stunned him. A knock at the cabin-door, or voices Baying in the Indian tongue — for Sur geon Powell spoke the language well— that Chief Bed Lightning wished to sec 57T Hie White Eagle, caused the renegade to appear and to behold before him two spectres. He had played the ghost act to frighten others, and now, awakened i rom sleep, found before him two forms as though from the grave. “ Prince Ashton, we have come' for your guilty soul,” said the deep voice of Burt Braxton; and the man staggered back and sank down upon the floor, un able to move or speak. His sufferings were terrible, and Surgeon Powell said in a whisper : “He is dying of fright, Braxton.” It was true. The Monarch of the Mountains, in all his paint as a renegade chief, in vain attempted to speak, and with a moan fell back in convulsions. It was only a short struggle, however, for life soon fled, and Surgeon Powell, j rising from his side, said quickly: “Come. Seaford. you and Cody get i your wraps on, for we must be miles out of this by dawn." Who can picture the surprise of the midnight visitors appealing as rescuers? It was a startling, joyous surprise, and within ten minutes after the recog nition of the Surgeon Scout the irons of the two prisoners had been removed, the body of the dead renegade strapped to one of the horses, and the whole party were in retreat through the blind ing storm. The ride to the Hermit’s cabin was made in safety, the body of Prince Ash ton was recognised by the man he had so wronged, and then it was buried. A week after the Hermit was able to be about, and by slow stages the ride was begun to the fort. The welcome that all met can be imagined better than described, and Burt Braxton and Zulita, with their father, became the colonel’s guests. Thus was laid the foundation of thait love affair wihch eventually ended in the marriage of Ethel Willis to Burt Braxton, while Zulita Braxton became Mrs Hugh Seaford, and happy are both couples in the choice that they made of partners for life. In the spring, Hermit Braxton, as the elder was called, led a party of soldiers into the mountains and secured the gold that was hidden away, and which amounted to a considerable fortune, while Colonel Cody and Burt Braxton went with them with a squad of soldiers to bury the dead of the Gunnison ex pedition found in the Haunted Port. [Tlie End.] Next week will be commenced a grand new serial entitled “The Rainbow Feather,” by Fergus Hume, author of “The Mystery of the Hansom Cab,” etc., etc. 