A SLIP OF THE PEN. It was all Dicky Carshalton's fault. In many respects an amiable youth, he can not be said to be possessed of the finer feelings, and perhaps is not aware of the extent of the discomfort he produces in more sensitive people. A frequenter of parties of every description, be Is fond of varying the monotony of the social rou tine by various little practices. Of these his favorite, not alas! peculiar to himself, is commonly known as spoiling sport. Whenever Dicky sees a pair of people who appear to take particular de light in one another's society, showing a tendency to seek unto themselves re treats, he is never satisfied until, by some bold stroke or cunning stratagem, "" he has succeeded in separating them; , or, at least, in destroying their enjoyment for the rest of one evening. The happy possessor of an exhaustless supply of self- confidence, and the most brazen impudence — the objects of his at tack, moreover, being from the nature of their "position comparatively defence less — it is needless to add that, though Dicky has his failures on record, they are greatly outstripped in numbers by his successes. So there is nothing so wonderful in the fact that Dicky was at the bottom of that unfortunate affair, with Jack and Ethel. , Matters had long been in a dedicate and critical state between those two young people. Jack, who. had told himself over and over again that Ethel was a flirt and that he, for one, had no intention of adding himseif to the list of her victims; while Ethel had relieved her feeiings by repeatedly assuring herself that Jack was a cross fellow, who cared for nothing but his books, and was quite impervious to the charms of womanhood. But -that night at the Warrington's things really did seem to be taking a turn for the better. Ethel had' boldly turned ber back on half a dozen other admirers, and Jack, looking down into her honest eyes, was rapidly forgetting the doubts and fears which had so tor mented him during the past few months. There is no knowing what might have happened had it not been for Dicky, who came up to them at this hopeful stage of affairs, his shoulders up to his ears, his hair brushed to a nicety, and with the most unmistakable look of mischief in his prominent eyes. "Good evening, Miss Mariner," he said, -taking Ethel's hand in his'and squeezing it with empressment; and then the two poor things, suddenly awakened from their dream, stood there chill and help less while Dickey fired off his accus tomed voiley of mind, and ventured on one or two little pop-guns on his own account. "Miss Mariner," he said at last, with a satisfied glance at Jack's sullen face, "have you been into the conservatory? They've put up a lot of pink lamps, and there's the most sumptuous tete-a-tete chair in there that you can imagine." Ethel looked up at Jack, who stood by-, furious and sulky. "He is only too glad to get rid of me. He hasn't the ordinary kindness to res cue me from this bore. And I have been so horribly amiable to him," she thought in despair. "If she likes that popinjay, let her go with him! I'm sorry for her taste .that's all," reflected Jack, and in another mi nute Ethel found herself actually seated in the tete- a-tete - chair with Dicky, whose large eyes were rolling trium phantly in the light of the rose-colored lamps. She did not succeed in making her es cape till it was time to go home. Jack was nowhere to be seen, and she drove back in, the chill grey morning with the heaviest heart she had known for many days. "Ethel," said her mother at breakfast the next morning, "did you have a plea sant time at the Warrington's?" "Oh, yes, mamma," said Ethel, drea rily. She was pale and heavy-eyed. I think she had not slept all night. "And who was there?" went on Mrs Mariner, helping herself to buttered toast with cheery briskness. Ethel enumerated various people."And Dicky Carshalton," she hastily conclud ed, "and Jack Davenant." The last name slipped out with exag gerated carelesness, and yet it was whirring about in the poor girl's head and had been doing so for the last five or six hours, like an imprisoned blue bottle in a glass. 'J ack — J ack— J ack Davenant." Was she never to have another definite thought again? "By the bye," said Mrs Mariner, as she rose from the table, "will you send a note to Florence Byrne? I want her to lunch here to-morrow at half-past one — the Singletons are coming." Ethel moved to the writing table, blushing faintly. She remembered that Mrs Byrne was Jack Davenant's cousin. "Half-past one, recollect," cried her mother as she rustled from the room. Ethel listlessly took up her pen, and pulled a sheet of paper towards her. It was not stamped with the address, but she failed to notice this, and began at once — "My dear Mrs Byrne." Then she stopped short, and the buzz ing in her brain went on worse than ever The note got written at last, all but the signature/and-then she wondered drea mily if she. would sign herself "Yours very sincerely," or "Yours affection ately." ... "Ethel!" called her mother, putting her head in at the door, "i am going out. Give me the note for Florence; I can take it to the office." iSuIlty and ashamed, Ethel seised her pen and wrote hastily, but. in a bold .hand, ' - ' ' "Yours verv sincerelv. "JACK DAVENANT.'0 Mrs Byrne neither came to lunch nor answered the Mariners' invitation. Mrs .Mariner expressed surprise at this want of courtesy, and apoligised to the Single tons for having no one to meet them. "Are you sure, Ethel, that you told her the right day? Florence is in town, I know, and it is so unlike her to be rude." "I think it was all right, mamma," Ethel replied vaguely, and never gave, another thought to the matter. On the morning of the next day, as she was practising her singing lesson in the holland -shrouded drawingroom, the door was flung open to admit a benign and comely lady, who advanced smiling to wards her. "Mre Byrne," cried Ethel, in surprise, rising from the music-stool. Mrs Byrne established herself comfort ably in a deep arm-chair, then beckoned to the young girl with a well-gloved finger — "Come over here, Ethel." Ethel drew a stool to the other side, and sat down, smiling, but mystified.. Mrs Byrne played a little with the clasp of the silver-mounted hand-hag which she carried, and from which, hay ing at last succeeded in opening it, she produced a stamped envelope addressed to herself. "Do you know that hand-writing?" she said, flourishing it before Ethel's aston ished eyes. "It is my own; I wrote to ask you to lunch," poor Ethel answered simply; while the thought flashed across her mind that Mrs Byrne had probably gone mad. , "Read it, then," cried the lady, with an air of suppressed amusement which lent color to the motion. Ethel unfolded it quickly, then sat transfixed like or who receives a sud den and fatal injury, for before her hor ror-stricken eyes glared these words in her own handwriting, "Yours very sin cerely, "JACK DAVENANT." "Why, what does St mean?" she cried at last in a hoarse voice, for it seemed that some fiendish magic had been at work. "That's what I want to know," Mrs Byrne answered more gently. "I received this uote the day before vtsterday.There was no address, and. the handwriting was certainly not Jack's. Nor is my cousin in the least likely to invite me to lunch at his chambers. So I wrote to him at once, and told him to drop in to dinner if he had anything to say to me." Ethel" had risen to her feet, and was standing with a little frozen smile on her face; but at this point she broke in hurriedly — "Did you show him— Mr Davenant, the letter?" Mrs Byrne nodded. She was not a person of delicate perceptions, and had come here bent on a little harmless amusement; but for some reason the amusement was not forthcoming. Ethel clasped her cold hands together in a frenzy of despair. She knew that Jack was familiar with her handwriting; had he not made little criticisms, severe and tender, on the occasional notes of invitation which she had addressed to him? "Jack said he knew nothing about the note, and hadn't the ghost of an idea what it meant." "Oh, Jack, Jack," cried Ethel's heart in parenthesis, "what must you think of me?" Mrs Byrne went on — "Grace Allison came in later, and the mystery was cleared up. She recognised your hand writing, and we concluded that you had done it in a fit of absence of mind. Poor old Jack, how she did chaff him!" Ethel was struggling to recover her presence of mind. "How could I have made such a very stupid mistake?" she said, with a short laugh. I suppose I was pursuing some train of thought. I had met your cou sin at a party the night before — you know -how it is." Mrs Byrne was sorry for the girl's dis tress. "It is a mistake that anyone might have made, though you must own that it was rather funny. However) I can assure you this— it won't get any fur ther. Jack is scarcely likely to tell, and Grace has sworn on her honor." Ethel laughed again, meaninglessly. As far as she was concerned, the world was welcome to know it now No deeper dis grace could befall her. "I wonder if he is shrieking with laughter, or merely sick with disgust," the poor-girl thought, when her obtuse and amiable visitor had at last departed. "Oh, how I hate him, how I hate him!" which was hard on Jack, considering that his conduct in the matter had been irreproachable. But Ethel was in no mood for justice. It seemed to her that she had utterly be trayed and disgraced herself; that never again could she venture to show herself in a world where Florence Byrne, Grace Allison, and, above all, Jack Davenant lived, moved, and had their being. Sick with shame, hot and cold with" - anguish, poor Ethel sat cowering in the great drawingroom like a guilty thing. She astonished her family at dinner that evening by inquiries as to the state of the female labor market in New Zealand. Uncle Joe, a philanthropic parson, who happened to be of the party, delighted- to find his pretty niece taking an inte rest in so serious a subject; delivered, al short lecture about it. ' , . : Ethel sighed at hearing that there .was so little demand for the work of edu- . cated women, (save the mark!) in that distant colony, and began to turn her thoughts towards Waterloo Bridge "Ethel funks on being an old maid. She knows that positlvBly any gjri-canlasoo a husbaad in New Zealand,' her brother remarked, inachallengringtone. Ethel bore it with uninteresting meek ness; perhaps she told herself, she was " husband-hunter after all! After dia ler she put on her ha and stole out into the street. She had been indoorsall day, and could bear it no longer. The June, evening was still as light as day and simple-minded couples were loitering with frank affection In the park. She had not gone far when she saw a large, fpr«iiiar figure bearing down In her di rection. t "Ob, how I hate him— I hate him, she thought again, while her heart beat with maddening rapidity."If he has a spark of kindness in him he will pretend not tb see m|ut Jack, for it was be, made no such pretence. On the contrary, he not only raised his hat but came up to her with outstretched hand. She put her cold fingers mechanically into his, and scanned his face; there was neither mirth nor disgust In it, and the thought flashed across her, chilling, while it re lieved her, that he attached little im portance to an incident to which she, knowing her secret, had deemed but one interpretation possible. And then, before she knew what hadbappened, Jack -was walking along by her side, pouring out a torrent of indignant reproaches as to her desertion of him in favor of Dicky Carshalton, at the Warrington's party. "It is you,", cried Ethel, with _ spirit, for the unexpected turn of affairs re stored her courage; "it is you, Mr Dave- nant, who were unkind to stand by and ?t old friends be victimised, without striking a blow in their behalf! Pray what did you expect? me to do? Was I ; to have said, "Noi thank you. Mr Cars halton, I prefer to stay with Mr Dave- nant?" "And, if you had .said that, would it have been: true?" She changed her tone suddenly. "Dicky is such a bore! I think I pre fer anyone's society to his." Jack stopped short in the path, seiz ing both her hands, and' looking down at her with stern and passionate eyes. "Ethel," said he in an odd voice, "it's no use pretending. You do think of me sometimes; I happen to know it." She was looking up at him ; but at this allusion the sweet face flushed and drop ped suddenly. "Ethel," Jack's deep voice sounded Stranger and stranger; was he going to laugh or cry? and why on earth did he speak so low — "Ethel, do you know, what signature I should like to see to your letters?" This was too much. "No, I don't!"— she lifted her flushed face; the cruel tears shone and smarted in her eyes. "Can't you guess?" ' "No." The momentary defiance had died; a- very meek whisper came from the pale lips. ,.. . "Can't you guess? Then shall I tell you Ethel? "Ethel Davenant" — that's what I should like to see at the bottom of all your letters. Shall I ever see it?" . "Jack!" / Further explanation is needless. When next they met Mr Carshalton both Jack PTlf) til al TTTorft tVia h.'n manoeuvres. — "West Lothian Courier." 