SERMON FOR SUNDAY. ' Doom of Sectarianism. By the Rev. Dr. Talmaok. Lot every man be fully persuaded la his own mind.— Romans xlv. t. There lmd been a liot discussion upon tho subject of dietetics. Thoro wero , somo vegetarians in Paul'H day who thought it was right to eut nothing hut herbs; others -thought that mon ought to be unlimited in their ohoico of food. Between these two parties there was a' collision. Paul comes into decido tho .matter, and says,. "Now lot this quarrel stop. You mc-n who want to oat herbs', eat herbs; ' You men who want to ho Unlimited in your ohoico of food, be unlimited in that iihoioo. Your own consciences must do- cido tlio matter. 'Lot every mun be fully pcreuudeil in lils own mind."' That is tho , connection of tho text, and it lays down a pi'lmilpio", applicable to numerous cures of conscience. Tic. religious world is divided into' a great variety of parties and sects. Some of tbein were established by good man, uud somo by, very egotistic mon, and some by very bnd inen. Between somo of theso there is only a diffuronco of words ; between others thcro is a difference as wido as between truth and arror, between light and darkness, between heaven nnd lsoll. "While our cousoicnco will' not allow us to oluioHo somo of llicso beliefs, we must allow to others tho liberty of conscienuo which wo demand for mirsolves", remembering tluit thoy no mora differ from us than we differ from thorn. I wish to advocate the very largest' liberty in matters of religious thought and discussion, In all questions of art, and socuil life, and politics, and religion, let there be no intolerance, no moving of the previous question, no gag law, no persoau- tiou. You know that tho air and tho son keep pnro by ' constant circulation, . and thoro 'is a tendency in religions discus sion towards purification and moral health. I am not afraid thut, in this contest between truth and error, truth will bo worsted. I am not afraid of error if wo pbtcc close beside it tlio truth. Lot error- run ! urged on by scoptio's. shout and trauscondeutaiiiit's spur, let it run 1 God's angels of wrath are in hot pursuit, and quicker than eagle's beak clutches out a. hawk's liesrt, God's vengcanco will tear it to pieces. Let it run, if you only lot truth run along with it. Iu this grcnt fight between right and wrong, tho right will conquer as surely us thut God is stronger than tlio devil. The ohurcli never lost anything by generosity, and. wo cannot havo our own rights of reli gious belief respented unless wo respect tho rights of those who differ from us. I tlmnk God that men do not all think tiliko oil sll religious subjects. You oaunot seo through my oyes ; I uannut hear through your curii. No mau ahull lord it over our consciences, You may liuvo heard of a king who had a .great deal of trouble with his subjects. Ho ,Was afterwards imprisoned, and, to while away tho time, ho inudo watches and clocks ; and after ho liud made them, ho tried to make the watches tick alike, mid all tho clocks 'strike alike; Of course he failed. Than ho said to himself, " What u very foolish king I 'was ! If I could not muke all theso wutelies tick alike, how could I oxpoot to nmko all my subjects think alike ?" , I proposo. to "spcuk of sectarianism— its onuses, Its evils, und its cure. Men have tried to muko ns believe tliat this monster 'with' horns and hoofs is religion. Wc slinll try to hunt it down, nnd drag it out of the caverns of darkness,- and rip off its hide. .Distinguish between bigotry und lawful pro- Terence for any religions belief or form. In tbo first place, sectarianism often starts in wrong cducution in tho homo uirolc. Thoro are good pcoplo who educate their children in tho wrong dircotion in . this respect, saying things about other denomina tions of Christians and caricaturing them, uud throwing slurs upon thoro, which ulways havo a baleful influcnco iu tho household. Soinotimcs children grow up und go out in tho world, nnd look into these churches against which they havo been specially wurncd, uud find that in theso churolies tho pcoplo love God uud keep His command ments, and by a natural reaction thoy go thoro. I could mention tho names of ministers of tbo Gospel who onco spent much time in bombarding certain denomina tions, . who lived to seo tlioir own ' Hons pfouoh tho GuBpel iu those very denomina tions; But wo must admit that instruction in the wrong direction in this respcut is most baleful, and that thoro are little bigots 19 yours old. Then tho superior power of uny ono denomination in u community often makes bigots. People tlilnk that all other ohurchos aro wrong, and that theirs is right, because it hnppcns to be mora fashionable, more wealthy, or more influential ;' and thoy talk about " our choir," and "our minister," and "our ohureb," and thoy toss their heads and have a patronising air, wanting othor denominations to know tlioir places. Now, I think it is fnr better thut in ovory community the great denominations liavo about equal influence, marching sido by sido for tho world's con quest. Wo ought to forget about denomina tion — except when a religious system is antagonistic to tlio dnctrino of Christ — nnd think of Jesus Christ, for it is by Him wo havo sulvation. Let uh remember that mere outside prosperity and worldly power nro no ovldonco that a churoh is acceptable to God. Better a barn with Christ in tlie manger thnn a cathedral with archos like those of 3t. Michael's, and traceries like thoso of Bayeux — magnificent harmonies rolling through long-drawn aisles, nnd an angel from heaven proclaiming from tho pulpit — if there bo no Christ in tho chancol, und no Christ in tlie robes. Furthor, ignorance is tho mother of sec tarianism. Knowledge culargos tho mind. You soldom find un intelligent man wlio is a thorough bigot : it is tho msn who thinks ho kiiows u great deal, but does not. In the fnr cast there is nil obelisk, I have been told. One side of it is white, another sidq of it is blue, and another sido of it is ffroen. Onco somo travellers went to look at it. Thoy did not take tlio trouble to walk around it, hut each looked at ono Bide and camo back. Tho travellers mot, and thoy got into a fierce can- test— ono saying that tho obelisk was white, another tliat it was bluo, und unotlicr that it was greou. "Stop!" said somooue, coming in. "I walked all round thut obelisk, and find you aro nil right and all wrong." Look out for u mun who seeH but one sido of n question and takes but one view of anything. .Better n. man who, by his intolligonco and Christian faitli, can walk all around tho re ligious subject and know all sides. If there is any man to bo pitied it is the roan who hau just ono idea in his head — no more, no loss. Let a inan give his lifo to tho discussion of tho doctrino of election, or tho iloctrino of froo agenoy, or tho subject of baptism, or tho porsovcrunco of tlio saints, and lio will be im- oeoilo in body and in mind. Bigotry puts its hand upon it man's head and flattens his skull, and makes him lean und Cadaverous, and exhausts him. Bigotry, oanuot livo undor tho influence (if tho lovo of OhriBt shed abroad iu tho heart. You must kill it with sunshine. Look now at tho ovils of sootarjunism, In tho first plitco, investigation. The different dtliomiuations were intended by boly rivalry Ulld honest competition to keep each othor awuko. If one denomination of Christians should garble the Word of God. thoro would bo hundreds to ory out uguinst tlio saerilogo. ,W Idle oiieh donominntton of Christians ought to proach all tho doctrines of tlio Biblo, I really think that it is tho mission of ;ouoh denomination more emphatically to preach the duotriiic of tlio atonement' —duo Lord, ono faitli, ono baptism. While, aa I suy, each denomination ought to present all dootrinee, oaoh denomination ought to toako ouo of thoso doctrines emphatic. Now, sectarianism shuts ono out from all theso lessons. Tho mun will not muko an impartial investigation, and ho eannot reason, ' All others are wrong, and I am right, and there. the matter ends." From the glorious reslni. of God's, truth, over which . tho archangel might fly from eternity to eternity without touching the limits, they shut them selves out, and die like blind moles in thoir burrows. Another ovil of sectarianism is, that it prejudices pcoplo uguinst Chris tianity. Tho churches of God were ' not made for war-bnrraoks. This per petual bombardment of other sects drives mon away from religion. People uro. afraid of riots. You go down a streot, und you see a contest— men fighting witli mon, and 'missiles thrown. You hour tlio report of firearms. You aro not foolish enougli to go through that streot ; you go round another way. Well, men havo looked off sometimes upon tho narrow path to heaven, and they havo said, " I believe I will toko tlie bread road. ' Thoro are so inimy ecclesiiisticnl brick bats being thrown in tluit narrow putli, uud there is so much shurpshooting, I think I will take the broad road." All, my friends, that religion is not worth much whieh is not tail enough to look over Mia fenco. So, also, sectarianism hinders the church's triumph. How much wasted energy I how many men of largo intellect who huvo given thoir timo to abstract and controversial dis pute, when, if they hail devoted it ill tho right dircotion, they would havo been gloriously usofnl ! Thoir books lie or. tho shelves of college nnd State libraries, sleeping tlio sleep of ages. I see different denominations of Christians in contest with each othor, somo preferring this fiold, und others that field. I suy, "Tnko your ohoico. If you liko ono best, tako it ; but understand that Christ thinks must of that ohuroh which gets tlio most of the honey of Christian grace in tlio heart, and tho most of the honey of Christian graeo ia tho lifo." How aro wo to war ngninst this bigoted feel ing whioh lingers in tlio hearts of hundreds and thousands of Christians ? Wo do so by the realisation of our own infirmities au'rl weakness. If wo make so many mistakes upon other things, ought we not to bo n littlo modest in regard to our religious beliof ? I supposo thut tbo light from tho eternal throne in tho last day will show us thut there wita something wrong in all our creeds. Wo will overthrow sectarianism by dwolliug chiefly upon those things on which wo agree, rather than upon those on whicli wo differ. Hore is the grcnt broad platform of tho Gospel. I see a inan coming up oh one sido of tho platform. Ho says, " I don't holiovo iu baby sprinkling." Must I shove him off ? Hero is another man coming up on this side. He says, " I don't believe in tho porsovor- ance of tho saints." Must I shovo him off? No! Do you boliovo in Jesus Chri-t? Then corao on! Brothor now, brother for over ! Tho Gospel platform is largo enough to hold all who boliovo in t.ho Lord Josus Christ. Oh that God would hasten the duy whou all the <great denominations of Christians shall join hands around tho oross of Jesus and recite the creed, " I believe iii God, the Father Almighty, ' Makor of hcavon and earth, nnd in Jesus Christ, and in tho for giveness of sins, and in the Holy Ghost, and in the communion of saints, and in tho lifo ovoriasting." 