Gossip. There comeB to this office a large amount of correspondence, and I am the ' correspondence clerk.' There is no part of my work that ia pleasanter, and I am getting on to very happy terms of intimacy with a wide nnd over widening; circle of fripnda. The ?pace we devote to ' Answers to Correspondents ' seems very liberal indeed, yet I often want to have a longer yarn with my friends than even that liberal apaoe will admib of. Over and over again I have promised to answer questions at greater length, bat it looks as though I were going to be swamped altogether. There is no time apparently to wrestle with everything, so I'm just going to give up making plans or promises, and deal with things as they come along. A friend wants to know if I'm a Socialist:. If I say ' No ' it's not true, for I am a Socialist. If I say ' Yes ' it's not true, for I'm not the kind of Socialist he would think I meant. There was a Socialist named Jesus Christ, and I'd like to be that kind of a Socialist, but I'm not good enough, and, besides, it ian't possible ; at least, it isn't to me. If I've got two coats — and I have — I'm nod going to give one of them to the first sundowner that asks me for one. I can't) rise to Christian So cialism. You remember that dear old story about the man who was speaking from a public platform, and was preBsei for a definite reply to a question, The interrogator wanted ' Yes or No ' to his query. The speaker asked him if he would give ' yes or no ' to a direct question. ' Yes,' he would. Then the speaker asked him if it was true that he hud given up kicking his wife 1 You can't answer some questions with a ' yes ' or ' no.' That's the way it is with my Socialism. You remember Win. Morris, the Socialistic reformer, who died so rich 1 He came to lecture in a town I was in, and his admirers had tea in a, restaurant in the basement) of a club thab I belonged to. Ib was a palatial place, and the tea was very nice. One of the alleged Socialists looked round the tea-table and said, ' If you were all Socialists of my style you'd bo eating your tea off tin plates.' My remark was that if they were all socialists of my type they'd be ' eating their tea off gold plates.' I'm that sorb of a socialiso that wants to see everybody rise up and be rich and well off, and get the benefit of labour-saving machinery and the luxuries of civilisation. I hate the idea of having the poor always with us. I'd abolish the. poor if I could; but you can't abolish poverty of soul, and human uature, and things litce that. There were two fellows going off on the wallaby truck, carrying '. their tucker. Ib was a week's tramp, and they divided the provisions equally. One of thein was au easy going fellow, who took no bhoughb for the morrow, and ho found that ib was eivsiesb to carry his tucker iuside. So he ate and drunk righb royally, and very soou lightened his load. The other chap was a careful man and made his stuff spin out. Ab the erd of bhree days one fellow wa3 hungry, and the other chap had bhree days' tucker. I'd have let him starve, because I'm not the kind of socinlisb thab believed in helping the improvident, or working for wretches who won't work for them selves. There's no kind of socialism in that at all, as far as my theory goes. If socialism raeanB sha ing up with a tnnn who won't work, I'm dead agaiiiHt it. Socialism is a drenm of crude minds. Tb breaks out in all sorts of plucns, mid the results are forever the same. T'm an optimist, who believes in the de velopment of human nature, and the progress of the rice, but socialism won't work as ham in nature is con stituted at present. You know the Bort of socialism T m«an — 'each for all and nil for each.' Thnre's a hook called the Bible, thab some of you may know. Ib has some lovely yarns in it. One of them is about an outbreak of socialism, of the sorb t hat we hear so much about now. There wiir a crowd of Jews had bs-en ' converted ' and were full of the zeal and en thusiasm of all converts. They 'were of one heart and of one soul ; neither said any of them thab ought of the things he poRsnaKorl wus his own, hut they had all tiring in common.' That sort; of thine; sonnds all right, but it won't work. There are some things I wouldn't hold in common with anybody. You should read that; story ; Tt's a real good one. There was a man and his wife who sold our, but kept part hack for private use. Peter bailed him up for it, and poor Ananias (we call evening pipers after him) was so scared that hi' '? i^ivve up the ghost.' Then Putt-r rounded up Mrs. Auanins (her name was Supphirii) and she ' yielded up the ghost ' and wenf. and joined her hubby. I wonder where they are now? We don't hear much more about; the outcome of that little bit of a Socialistic outbreak; but the apostles got put into l; quod,' and I expect that ended it. If it had come off in Australia we'd have waited till they came out of jail 'ind then sent them to Parliament ; bub — 'They didn't know everything down in Judeo.' If Peter came now, and started a socialistic expedition to Paraguay or down the Dirling or up to Norman ton he'd get a good many followers probably, but the results would be just the same. When that crowd was going to Paraguay, a few years ago, a nice young couple were going, who ought to have known better. The husband was a good sort, and his wife stuck to him. und held bhiib where he went she. would go ; where he lived she would live ; and where he died, there would she die and be buried. God bless all good wives ! They came to have tea with a friend of mine before they wenb, and after tea was cleared away he talked to them. The account of that talk is oue of the most pathetic things I ever heard. Thab sweet little woman had a pretty brown bonnet, with a little bib of crimson ribbon on the top of ib (perhaps it was a Lmb — I'm nob up in furniture), and as ib rested on the couch ib caught my friend's eye. He said, ' When you get out to Paraguay I trust you'll have a little room for yourselves and your babies, and will be very happy. Bub it will be very hard when Judy Moriarby comes in bo see you and admires vour bonnet' — pointing at the daiuby bib of millin ery — ' arid pub ib on to her big red head, that hasn't been washed for bhree months she'll admire it herself, and say, ' I'll keep this for a month or two ; it shoots me style ov beauty,' aud you'll have to leb her take for you'll have all things iu common there.' Then blio sleeping tigress rose in the little woman, and shone forth from her eyes. Sh« laid her hand on her bonneb and said, ' I'd like to sue hur.' Aye, my word, so would I ! Talk uboub socialism, eh 1 Wo're built differently. We're born differ ent, our rVsnosibions are different). You timy mou... ?* lob of us into heroic s«c-iL:i?« nuclei' the pres sure of iutense emotion, for a while, and make us think alike for u period, bub it can only be a shorb time, at best. The bonnets we svear vary, because the souls we have aro different, and the highest ideals of lifo fade away before, the dull, prosaic necessities of lifo. I must como buck to this subject later, but all these glorious ideals of ours seem bo end iti the everlasting morass, and the words of Omar Khayyam ring for ever in human ears — ' The Worldly Hope men set their hearts upon Turns ashen — or ic prospers : aud uuon Like sorrow upon the desert's dusty face Lighting a little hour or two— ia gone.' 