Lyceum Scenery ITire. Irving's Stores at Southwark In the early hours of tho morning of Fobrunry 18, just as the Daily Mail was going to press, ' there broko' out iu Hear lane, Sonthwark, a fivo which burned so fiercely and spread so rapidly that before it was extinguished it hail involved- both town and country, castles, streets, paliiens/ und iorests. not onlv iu England and Scotland, . but in t'orei-u parts as well. . . ' > , And the- fivo not' only spread itself through space. It. extended itself backwards tlirough time, and burnt, .its way through several contunes. The premises at 38a Fear : lane, Soutlnvnrk street, are used by Sir Henry Irving as a storage placo for the Lyceum scenery. Two large .-railway.. . arches and a warehouse communicating liavo for a long time . been . packed AvitU the scones and properties, the Huts and flics, and wings which were not in immediate '.use . at the Lyceum Theatre, but which it was necessary to keep in view of future productions and revivals. ' There were kept in store, for instunce, the stugo furniture of " llnmlot," " Itichard III.," "Macbeth," "Peter the Great," and other plays, which Sir Heury Irving has produced iu his magnificont way, and which ho may liavo, occasion at future times to revive. At 10 minutes to 3 o'clock fire was Discovnunn ix -nm Wauuhouse. Iu a few minutes tho fire was raging like a' Lyceum success. Eire-engines >ycro summoned and canie rattling up like carriages to the front entrance of tho Lyceum.- The Jinnies illumiuutod' the district like the tiering llunibeaux over tho portico in Wellington street, and people gathered in a dense crowd, like that which packs the pit cutruuco passage ou the night of a. new produc tion. It has' been customary to say of a Lyceum production that the pliiy'wcnu liko a house oil fire. Of this warehouse ou (up it may he said that it went liko a Lyceum play. The .firemen could nolrt control it. They pumped cold water on it with tho furious energy of a modern critic, at a melodrama. Put the water.' supply was inadequate, and the -fire blazed away as though it exactly hit the taste of tho public. . <\- . As already, stated, the fire broke out ill Pear lane, .Sonthwark, hut spreading with marvellous rapidity, it quickly ex tended to tho Palace, London, which is situated in " li'hard in ." This PniNO ax Oi.i> Pai.aci: i' was very dry, so that it was soon a mass of flames. From here the tire extended to Acs il l!., scene 0, " a street near tho same," name unspecified. Here food for the flames was found in the papers carried by a scrivener ordinarily in habiting the district. "The Tower" was the next; place to ho involved, and from here the flames took n great leap toPnsworth Field, whore tho tent in which King Richard used to have bail dreams fed their fury. Thev next attacked an .open place, and extended to another part of the field. F.ven now the destruction had not been .sulllcieutly widespread. Grow ing by what they had led on, tho Haines spread to Scotland, and applying them selves to the Macbeth district, out of sheer wantonness scorched up a lioath which was already blasted. A. number of hautboys and torches provided fuel in abundance iu this neighbourhood, and tho iulluiiimublo material contained in n largo witches' eiiuldrou further stimu lated tho tlumes, which proceeded to attack some Ornx CouNTitv Nn.va Puxsixaxk, whoru'tho advancing timber of Pinntiu Wood became shortly involved. From Puusimmu the conflagration took a great jump oversell, and landed at Elsiuore, iu Punmurk, immediately taking hold of a platform in front of the castle and burning the ghost out of house and homo. T'hu oastlo itself was then signalled to headquarters as beiug.'rwoll alight, and Commander Wollssooing that thuru was no hope oE saving tho structure, directed his force to endeavour to save a plain iu Honmark and a churchyard containing all that remains of the accomplished Yoriek. His efforts, howm-cr, were iu vain. The 'churchyard and the straw which Ophelia used iu her coill'ure soon went up in sparks and smoke, mid by the time the morning trains began to run. there was nothing left of several notable Lyceum productions hut Sir Hoiiry Irving and sueli seouery as, being wanted for tlio current season, is safe at tho Lyceum. '< 