READY TO PERISH. Clarence Mansfield stood under the clear autumn moonlight in a secluded spot it Slytle Park, a homeless, hopeless, etriekei man, He was filled with despair too deej for words, and the most) bitter thought ii his heart was that he had been brought tc this terrible pass by his own mad folly. Thi quiet stars shone above him ; and the nigh' winds sighed mournfully through the trecy und amid the long grass as the despairing man moved slowly along, and then sunl upon u seat with a groan. A sound struck his ear—the hour called aloud by man) clocks. He mechanically drew from hit pocket a handsome gold watch, and by thi uncertain light regarded its face. As he re placed the watch in his pocketabitter smile crossed his pale face. ** What matters thi our ?’■' ho said aloud. The man was in that lonely spot with a fearful purpose—he had com© there to die. Yes, in that solitary spot ho intended to take the life that had grown an intolerable burden, too heavy to be borne, ft curse instead of a blessing. Il had come to tins : he, a man in the first bloom of manhood, no longer wished fcc live, disgraced by his own actions, he had «o courage to face the world he knew— rather would ho leap unbidden into eter nity, and bravo the perils he knew not. H< drew forth a revolver,and placed it upon th< Beat beside him, wheie it lay with a pas* •ing ray of moonlight falling thron/rh olrn* Veuves, and glinting on its polished surface ^ko the smile of an evil opiriG, sinister and deadly, “ I am lost, body and soul,” said the man, removing his hat slowly, with a wild thought of prayer flashing through hie brain. He raised the pistol, and placed iti cold muzzle against his burning brow. Hold, What is this ?” The voice startled the suicide. H< lowered the weapon, and gazed at the speaker in angry surprise. The man seemed to have sprung up from the path-way on which he stood, eo suddenly mui lie aj>* peared. “ Who are you 1” asked Mansfield haughtily. " Never mind me. Who are you and what are you doing “ Why should I render an account of myeolf to you, ?” asked Clarence defiantly. •* I am a desperate man,*’ replied the other, calmly. “ Like yourself, I came here to put an end to an ill-spent life. Now, before we die, let us talk a little together. Moralise by the sweet, silver light of the moon. Why do you kill yourself V I do it because I am. haunted by the everlasting shadow of past ill-doings, my dead past, as you may say. They talk of angels weeping over lost sinners ; well* they can weep over me if they have nothing better to do. I can’t do any weeping myself. I once owned a mansion in yonder avenue. Now 1 stand under the stars without a shilling in my pocket. I saved sixpence to buy poison, but it must have slipped out through a hole in my pocket, and I found I had only a half penny left. I knew it was useless to buy any with that—a half-pennyworth of poison could never make an end of a tough citizen like me, so 1 walked up here. 1 have that half-penny left. 1*11 give it to you for a loan of your revolver, for bad as my credit is, I don’t want to die in debt to you. I’m not naturally moan. I'll die first.” Mansfield looked at his new acquaintance In perfect astonishment. What sort of man was this to die with a jest, albeit a bitter one, upon his lips 1 He appeared about 35 years of ago ; he was-fyUl and thin, hfs hair and beard were light- brown, straggling and unkompfc, hi* clothing wore extromoly shabby. His eyes were bright and piercing, of a peculiar light grey hue, and his long, slim, white hands were constantly in motion, betraying his nervous tempera ment1. He constantly kept looking around him, as if he dreaded he knew not what. ** Who are you ?” asked Clarence, for the stranger soetned restless under his scrutiny. It was a blunt question, but two men bent upon suicide could dispense with ceremony. “ X am Alfred tho Great, Christopher Columbus, Napoleon crossing tho Alps, the Ghost of Hamlet’s father. Moral, anything you like, * A rose by any other name.* What’s the uso of arguing over one’s name at a time like this ? Let us study cause and effect, devote our last momenta to uomBthing useful. The causes of my present condition are too much wine, too much card-playing, too much worse than doubt ful com panyt and lastly, a big speculation in grain that went the wrong way ; the effect of all this being that X can’t stand it any longer.” “ X did nob inquire your name from idle curiosity,” said Clarence. '* I was struck by the strange circumstance of your appear ing juat at the moment you did—just when 1 was about to either put an end to my misery or plunge headlong into a worse hell »han this.” There is no hell unless we make it bo. Look around you. Could mortal eyes gaze upon a fairer picture t See how the golden moonlight gleams on the moving billows of grass, wet with dew. See the graceful shadows cast by those tall trees, in whose branches slumber in peaceful repose myriads of living things that have only obeyed the voice of nature. They are happy, and, as someone says, 1 Only man is vilo.* All ray Lroubles have come from myself. I never tried to do right. You have not either, or you would not be here.” “ I have tried sometimes.” •« l)iri yon i: ally ? Well, I didn’t. Now, as I have an-wi-red your question, you answer mine. Why are you going to die f* “ I am a viluin. I have been transact ing business for my father. I was sup posed to be Fnaart, and, of course, trust worthy. Well, I got into all sorts of bad company, embezzled money, and thought I could replace it; then gambled to better myself, lost all I had, and, to make a long story short, I’ve been going to the devil for three years ; now I’ve got there. My father has discovered all, and X could not ^ice him, and above all my mother. I oould not see any way out of it but this. I fled from home three days ago, and I’ve been wandering around ever since. My father is stern and strict, and I've been expecting to be arrested every moment. He must feel it terribly—and my poor mother ; 1 uni her only child, and she loves me, was proud of me. Father would chink nothing of putting me in prison. But the wor.-t of all is yet to be told—a girl,a lovely girl, the daughter of wealthy parents, is foolish enough to love me. Poor child » ehe has been living in a dream. It seoros hard that she should have such a cruel awaken ing. I have destroyed everything that might lead to my identification, fo I can only hope that my mother and Lucile may never know’ what became of me.” He stopped, unable to continue. His jiew companion took a seat, for he had been standing. They talked on for some time, land were recalled to their purpose by th» (Boundof thiclockastriking ton* 11 Do you know I am very hungry T* Clarence’s new friend. 11 Give me tbo pistol, and let me make an end of this busi ness for it is useless to endure more disoom fort than Is absolutely necessary.” For the second time that night) Clarence had drawn his watch from his pocket. “ By the way,” he said, as ho glanced at it, “ this watch must bo got rid of ; it has my monogram upon it. What shall I do with it ?” 44 Have you got a watch 1 Why didn’t | you say so before ? Let us go and pawn it. S Wo can at least have some supper, aud not ! go hungry into the next world.” j ‘4 Why, this is childish. Take the watch : and welcome, bub leave me alone. Go 1 Perhaps you may see some reason why you should live. Good bye.” “ No. In the first place I intend to stay j with you to the end, and in the second i place 1 can’t pawn your watch, for if I do they will arrest me when your body ia found. Come on,'you are not tho man 1 take you for ifyou will let a follow creature die hungry.” Clarence rose reluctantly ; lie wished to getouickly over his fearful task. It might) be that he feared his desperate courage would fail him if he delayed. “ Come on, friend,” urged the stranger, and the young man followed him. “Now we cun talk more at our ease,” said the man of many rmmea : nliru»»»>pr his iianvJ through Mansfield’s arm as they found themselves on a broader path. Ho talked on, and Mansfield was struck by the force and originality of his remarks, and varied nature of his information. He was both witty and well read, and seemed to have more depth of character than a casual observer would have given him credit for. j “ Give mo the watch,” he said,when they •were clear of the park, “ and meet me in yonder restaurant.” “ It is too Into to pawn it now,” replied Clarence, placing the watch in his hand, “Not at all. You are unsophisticated, my young friend. This i» Saturday night, , aud this is Hie witching hour when the ; spider, whose sign ia three golden balls, j catches more flies than any other hour In I tho day. Proceed to the restaurant, and i I’ll be with you anon.” I Clarence obeyed. Ho walked into the ; restaurant and took his seat at one of the : tubles. A waiter came to take Ins order, but he told him he was waiting for a friend. Loft to himself, a flood of painful thoughts 1 came over him. The presence of his new' acquaintance had banished them for the moment, but they returned with redoubled force when lie was once more alone. He regretted that lie hud not carried out his terrible intention without delay,and blamed the chance that brought the other wretched man to the same spot as himself. While painfully musing ho took up a’paper that lay before himj the “Daily Telegraph,” and among tho “ Personals ” this caught his “ Clarence M-. Como home. All will he forgiven and forgotten. Mother is desperately ill,and asks for you constantly. —Father.” What a wdld tumult of joy and sorrow surged through his heart. Overcome by tho tido of feeling, he laid his head down on the table,and tears of penitence streamed from his eyes. Those tears were not un manly ; they washed away tho bitter feel ings of anguish and despair, and left Clarence Mansfield a stronger und bettor man. Just as he conquered his emotion ins new friend entered. He saw at a glance that some now tmio in - tlio fiilnir*. of rao.i had turned in his companion’s favour. lie eat down and silently placed a pile of money before Mansfield, and then ordered suppei for both without asking one question. Clarence understood the delicacy that -prompted him, and, touching his arm, laid the paper before him silently, indicating the notice. “I am glad, from my heart,” said the stranger warmly, pressing the young man’s hand as he spoke. “ You see, it was well you followed my advice. You will return, of course ?” “ Yes, return, and with God’s help try to atone for the past and deserve my father’s mercy. And yrou ?” “ Me 1 Oh, I’ll finish my supper and then go back and finish my work. It is no use for me to live.” “ No, you shall not. Como with me to Didsbon. I shall tell my father when and ! how' I mot you. He employs over a hun dred men, and you are not too proud to j work for another man at present, as you have no business of your own.” t The only answer Clarence received was a l hearty squeeze of the hand, and in- the : piercing eyes of his companion he saw teare well up. j Next morning saw both uien on their j way to DaUtom When they arrived there j they went before Mr. Mansfield, and Clarence told their story. The stern man was deeply moved, and in broken tones he blessed and forgave his erring gon. He also extended a kindly welcome to the i stranger, who gave his name as Herman Everiee.. Mrs. Mansfield was very ill, but the sight of her boy’s face restored her. Everlee was placed in the counting-house, and proved himself a valuable assistant honest,keen, and industrious. He remained in Mr. Mansfield’s employ four years, and then requested leave of absence to go on a vis.ii. He returned, after an absence ol four weeks, with his wife and child, the ; latter a lovely boy of six years. All his ! friends were filled with surprise, as they i had always supposed him an unmarried man. “ Thar, is what filled me with despair,” he said in confidence to Clarence. “ But my brave Mary fought on alone till 3 had been hero a mouth, and then I wrote and told her all. Since then I have sup ported them, and now I am once more a happy man. I have gathered furniture by degrees,und although our home is not much like our former mansion. Mary love? it, and says she was never so happy, and I believe her, God bless her.” Soon after this Clarence also went away on leave, and brought buck his bride, the beautiful Lucile,who had loved him so long and so devotedly. She knew his story, and was wilting to trust her heart to his keep ing, and time proved that Iter confidence was not misplaced. He became one of the leading men in his business aud social circle, respected bv all and well beloved by relatives and friends, an honoured i father aud a happy husband. I Years after, when the firm was known as : Mansfield and Kvcrleo, tho partners set a*ide a sum every year. It was sent to a well-known clergyman in Whitechapel tc ; be used by him for the purpose of assisting just such desperate men as they once had been—men driven to despair by the fruit? of* their own folly. The fund waa a secret to the partners, aud was called by thorn “ Our fund for those who are 1 Heady tc Kir John Trevor, cousiu to Lord Chancellor Jeff ones, wss an able mao. but as corrupt as ho was able. Ha was twice Speaker of th-i House of Commons, and bad the mortification to put officially the question to the House, '* whether be himself ought to be expelled for bribery.” The answer was, " Yea.” I 