TWO JOCKEYS: A CONTRAST. If you want to see his highness, .James Todd Sloan, you must telephone all morning. for Prince Todd Sloan does not rise till noon. Then, if you insist upon au appointment, you may have the privi'ege of being received by the diminutive Prince of Jockeydom in his apartments at the Ba'd win. It'you yearn for "Long-shot." Conley's acquaintance, all that's necessary is to signify your wish. Con ley will call upon you or he'll come to the door of the little room at the paddock out at the Oakland race-track, where the jockeys ate penned in and watched. The difference is the difference betweeu the mau who has arrived and the one who is on the way; between a salary of 12,000 dollars and one-fifth as much, say : between a great reputation in Racetown abroad and a modest one i«> Racetown at home. The figure of a slight, short boy, the foot of a danseuse, the face of a man of, at least, 45—this is the great Todd Sloan, the 100 pound idol of the race track. " It's all been told before," he tells you wearily, si riking a match with his jewelled fingers and lighting a huge cigar. "It's been told over and over again in all the papers all over the world. I've seen the associated press reporters and told it all to 'em, and—and—" And words failing he sucks at his big cigar for consolation aud comfort in this agonising moment of interviewing. His voice has not a particle of animation, the corners of his mouth droop complainingly, and his pale little face beneath his sleek, black hair is discontented, and woefully blase. "It must bore you dreadfully," I suggested sympathetically. " Well, it does," replied the little great man, lifting a foot over his knee. Such a tiny, shapely foot, with its arched instep and delioate-hued sock revealed by the tan ties, cut low on the side like a lady's " Diane." I've been riding nine years," he went on. " No, it ain't long. I know men of 50 that ride. An' I intend to ride all my life. There's pleasure in riding, but there's danger, too. I've been in accidents five or six times. Some take their excitement one way, some another. I know men it would be like taking away sunlight from, if they couldn't bet on races." It's a long speech for so short a man, arid it's delivered in laconic grunts. Not hie big cigar, not even his pretty foot, which he caresses with that beringed small hand, can soothe Prince Todd into loquacity. " I'm going to be here 'bout six weeks," he vouchsafes. " I'm going shooting. Then I'm goinsr back East to work." It doesn't matter of what he speaks, whether of work or play. The princeling of the racecourse is always bored. At 23 the penalties of greatness weigh heavily upon this miinnikin. Ennui, the curse of royalty—whether of jockeydom or otherwise—has seized upon James Todd Sloan, prince by grace of the paucity of his inches aud the quantity of his dollars. Let it be a lesson to us whose obscurity would make usloDg for fame! With " Long-Shot" oaley on the other hand, the world is not yet a sucked-out orange. He takes himself very seriously, does this dark rival of the great dapper little " Todd." His black face—he is very black—has nil thf dumb tragedy of the negro face till he shows his white teeth in a grin that changes tragedy to tarce. But he doesn't see much to laugh at, though his seriousn'ss is the stolidity of immaturity, not the awful 23-year-old disillusion of that man of the world, James Todd Sloan. But Conley laughed when he and " Our Climate "—(.'onley pronounces ir. " Ah Climate "—flew by the Prince of Jockeys on Wawona. And the memory of his grin is cherished out at the Oakland track, when a second time the uiodnst ebony jockey outstripped the famous small blue- sleeved mau whose reputation is as great among English noblemen as it is among American commoners, who speak and understand the jargon of the race-track. I saw Conley out at the paddock, where the soft, loose earth around the horses' stalls gives one the ghost of that old memory of exhilaration you felt when your feet touched the floor of the circus in olden days. The negro jockey is a graceful little fellow in his white suit, hooped about with magenta, and his green silk cap. " Yes—yes, ma'am," lie said, unconscious of his pretty pose there in the doorway, " Sloan, he had the favorite. Yes, ma'am, bofe times he rode the best horse, May W. Now she was a clinch, tliey thought." " A what ?" " A moral, you know." I didn't, but I was ashamed to admit it. "When we lined up that secon' time, ma'am, Sloan he was ahead o' me an' I come last. It was jes' a six-furlong sprint, but when we'd got three- quarters done, I went pas' him and won." " Did you say anything as you passed ?"' " Oh, we didn't say nuffin' to each other. He don' know me, ma'am," said Conley modestly. " I—I know him"—even a black cat may look at a jockey prince—" I see him las' year on the track. I knowed I'd beat him when we started. Th' boys, the other jockeys," Conley nodded his head toward the inside of the room 011 whose threshold he stood, " they heard so much 'bout him, they don' think they can beat him." Conley is a little vague about his age. He's 'bout 23, he tells you. But he speaks jositively enough with all enthusiasm about Ilis riding. When he talks of horses, one understands what the race track reporter means by describing Conley's way of riding as " hand and foot style." When Conley rides, so they tell you at the track, he rides with every fibre of his bq4& tijtf though all his soul were in tlit^'^tdbJ'Trince Todd, though, is made of'^Nfejjrfnt mould. Perhaps this is why tl^a^Wd out at Oakland's track rejoiced inthe^darkey's triumph. " Wha, ah'vc been riding," says Conley, " evah since ah was a little fellow 110 higha'n that," and he puts out a pink-palmed black hand a few inches below his present height. " Ah used t' ride at Sahtoga, but ah got kin. o' bothered au' didn't waut t' ride any mo' till 'bout two yeahs ago, when I began to ride loug-shot bosses, ma'am. Don' know what's long-shot?" Conley's white teeth showed. " Long-shot hosseB ha' long odds agen 'em. Tha's why ah'm ' Long-shot Conley.' " " Do you think if you were mounted upon as good a horse as he you could always beat Todd Sloan?" Sloan's rival smiled and then grew very serious. " Well—well, he wouldu't beat me," he said boyishly. " Ah, know that,"— Miriam Michelson, in "San Francisco Call." 