To the South-west.—II. (By Our Travelling Reporter.) DALBY AND ITS SURROUNDINGS. There is a great similarity in the history of interior townships throughout Queens land: and with few exceptions they are ap parently laid down along the teamsters' tracks of olden days. A good water supply on the course of a tedious journey was the chief consideration, and provided the grass was plentiful these camping grounds soon became the popular rendezvous of teamsters and storekeepers and miscellaneous bush men. Dalby is a case in point. Myall Creek, on which the township is built, con tains the best water supply between the outskirts of Toowoomba and the far distant Maranoa. The place also came into notoriety as a terminal depot for teams travelling westward from Toowoomba or eastward from the " Never Never" country, as the case might be, outward produce on the one hand and inward wool on the other. In 1848 the first store was erected in Dalby, the pioneer being Mr. Joseph King, who was brother-in- law to the late Hon. James Taylor, of Toowoomba. In 1854 the store keeping business was taken in hand by Mr. F. W. Roche, the father of Dalby, who is now hearty and well notwithstanding the fulness of his years. Mr. Roche had pre viously passed over the great stretch of plain country, and camped on Myall Creek in 1847, when in search of pastoral country, which he took up on the Dawson water shed, on the north-eastern side of the Divid ing Range. In those days cattle stations only required an occasional visit on the part of occupiers—about once a year, gene rally at mustering time, so that Mr. Roche had ample opportunity to follow commer cial pursuits. This was at a time when the present province of Queensland formed a portion of New South Wales, and was known as the Moreton Bay district —a veritable terra in cognita of which very few persons in those days knew where it began and certainly nobody knew where it finished. In con nection with the first Dalby store a woolshed was erected, and yet remains to be seen in a capital state of repair. This was the dumping floor for all kinds of pastoral pro duce and station requisites, the anxiety of teamsters being to get rid of one load and put on the other as quickly as possible ; for in those days " teaming" meant money, and some of the most worthy and deserving residents of South-western Queensland are said to have made their first " rise" at the carrying trade. Mr. Roche speaks of the goods old days, when his storekeeping business turned over at the rate of £30,000 per annum for a long course of years. Other stores, however, were afterwards es tablished, and Dalby rapidly became a thriving place. But railway extension, that great commercial leveller which " makes the whole world kin," came along and blasted the hopes of the traders of this hitherto prosperous settlement, and now the screeching locomotive, leaving clouds of smoke in its wake, speeds its course still further West, opening up the trade and resources of the great South-western plains for a distance of some hundreds of miles. The great anomaly, however, regarding most isolated Queensland towns is that while such settlements vigorously clamour for railway communication, and when ob tained reap a good harvest during their existence as termini, the majority of the population piteously cry out that the place is ruined when the line "is carried on to some other equally deserving centre, for getting that the advent of the railway is but the signal for working the industrial' and soil-producing resources of the country to their greatest capacity. Anyone who has travelled through and carefully observed the magnificent stretch of volcanic and alluvial country which is found in alternate belts along the course of the great South western Railway between Toowoomba and the Warrego River, and who has, moreover, taken the trouble to think out some of its possibilities, cannot fail to see a great future for the district. Dalby, In com mon with many other progressive settle ments on the Darling Downs, is sure to have its good time, and that evidently in the near future. It has already been amply demonstrated that most of the large freehold estates on the Darling Downs have become too valu able to be continuously used as sheep walks. The skill and capital of large wool growers might well find advantageous and profitable outlets in the Far West, the natural home of the Australian merino, and where the quantity and quality of the wool grown has won considerable fame in all the wool-manufacturing centres of the world. True, the Downs country in the vicinity of the mountains may in the past have been equally famous, but it is a well-known fact that at the present time many of the large holdings have suffered somewhat from overstocking, with the result that most of the good native fattening grasses are fast disappearing, and it is only a course of systematic cultivation that will fit the soil for •aFtiflciar pastures and place many thousands of acres on a more profitable basil. As an instance of this, the enter prise of that powerful body, the Sottish Australian Investment Company, proprietors of the Talgai West Estate, in offering to establish dairy farming on the share system, with which the cultivation of fodder crops is to be associated, is well worthy of com-' mendation, and this is an innovation which might be well followed by at least ono large estate in the neighbourhood of Dalby. Once the strong, tenacious soil on either large or small holding is thoroughly tilled, and well under command, it Is surprising what profitable returns accrue, either from wheat- growing, dairy farming, or general stock-breeding purposes. At the com mencement it looks like a big contract and a heart-breaking task, and that is the light in which some of the small landowners far away from the agricultural tracks consider it As a town, Dalby occupies at the present time a somewhat enviable position. It is built in about the centre of a magnificent area of 14,800 acres, known as the town re serve, but more frequently alluded to as the town common. To the rising generation the princely acreage has come as a kind of heritage, and from the time that the locally born youth is able to mount a horse the keep of the animal causes no anxiety ; it is relegated to the town common, where it has probably been bred. Bovines, too, are to be seen grazing in contented herds, and as the fattening properties of the land are un doubted, there is always a supply of fat stock ready for the local markets. In neighbourhoods where land is of little value the grazing of such nomadic herds would not signify ; but the Dalby town common is surpassing rich, and, it is considered, might be profitably utilised in bringing together a large population which would help to support the town and enhance the value of property. This town reserve is a sort of modern Naboth's vineyard : it is courted by the progressive element as calculated, when cut up and sold in farms of from eighty to 120 acres, to give a stimulus to the place. Some of the old residents will have nought to do with these new-fangled ideas. The town common admirably suited the purpose for which it was utilised in the old days as a paßturage for miscellaneous live stock, and why not now ? And thus the matter at present stands. The Govern ment, however, are being requisitioned to resume the area, reserving, say, 2000 or 3000 acres for actual town requirements, the petition going on to state that the common with its present magnificent dimensions " is neither a source of revenue or production, nor does it in any way benefit the town or district." As bearing on this point it might be mentioned that in the town of Roma, the mo»t progressive centre in the South-west, a similar state of affaire existed, but the Government, at the sugges tion r>f the municipality, promptly resumed the area in question and subdivided it into farms of from 80 to 120 acres, thus bringing UP TO DATE.—ANYTHING, EVERYTHING, NOTHING. a healthy clans of agricultural settlement up to the threshold of the town. For agri cultural purposes the Dalby reserve should prove of the highest possible order, the soil consisting of a deep alluvium, capable of producing cereals «nd fodder crop* of end less variety. Water, also, which is always an important factor in working a farm, can be obtained toy sinking to a depth of from 30ft. to 50ft., and as windmills are available an a cheap motive power an endless water supply is assured. The disposal of the reserve in farming lots should prove the ftrst important progressive step towards the prosperity of Dalby. As a sanatorium Dalby has recently come into considerable favour. The climate is particularly dry and invigorating, although Indeed during the winter months heavy frosts occasionally occur. During nine months of the year, however, the climate is said to be unsurpassed. Recently the Go vernment decided to build a consumptive sanatorium close to the town, for which tenders have been received, and should one of these offers meet with departmental ap proval the work will probably be completed within twelve months. The local hospital Is a worthy and deserving establishment, and quite in keeping with some of the best kindred Institutions on the Darling Downs. We are told that the building was erected " w hen the times were good," and the wonder is, considering the wealthy associa tions of the surrounding country, that bad times should have ever encompassed the place. Dalby was incorporated aa a muni cipality in August, 1883. The streets are laid out at right angles, -with one principal thoroughfare, in which all. the business houses, post and telegraph office, court house, lands office, and two banks are built. There are three churches —Anglican, Roman Catholic, and Pres byterian—a State School, and School of Arts. The town contains about half-a soore of hotels, all of good order and reputa tion, but for living houses the palm may be said to rest between the Royal Hotel and the Queen's Arms, the latter being of a comfortable and homely order, and well patronised -by visitors who 'make Dalby a place of call. The town, which formerly occupied the eastern side of the Myall Creek (in the neighbourhood of Roche's score that used to be), ha* made a westerly trend, and is evidently across the river to Btay. Some of the old landmarks still remain on " the other side," noticeably the old and disused Town Hall, now in a state of dilapidation, which carries the inscription in large, black letters, "Erected in 1867." Among the progressive features of the town which are now beginning to show up considerably may be mentioned the " Dalby Herald," under completely new management, and edited by Mr. Robert C. Burt, formerly of the Mel bourne "Age." A local flour-mill is aha Jn contemplation, to be built on a co operative basis. It is expected that this will be in readiness for the wheat season ending 1899. In future articles reference will be made to the resources and prospects of the out lying districts. (The first article of this series was pub lished In our agricultural pages last week. —Ed. "Q."). "1/ Indepence Beige" instances the case of a man whose premises are In three coun tries, Bavaria, Prussia, and Lorraine. He Is the miller of Uhrig-muhle- leg-Bliesmen gen, and the three territories in which he dwells touch each other, the tine of de marcation being in the kitchen. He sleeps in Bavaria, lives in Prussia, and works in Lorraine. His mixed nationality gives him a unique advantage ; he can pronounce the name of his village without stuttering. The ghost of Wagner will hover over the Paris Exhibition of 1900, eayß an Eng lish contemporary, and grin horribly a Jealous grin. One of the novelties Is to be a gigantic trumpet This will measure 800 ft in length. The blowing of the In strument will be done by machinery, and a pair of lips modelled after those of a man will control the volume of air that will sweep tornado-like through them into the great horn. Gigantic bellows operated by electric engines will furnish the stream of wind. (Photo, by Matthews, >A TRANSCONTINENTAL CYCLIBT.—F. A. White and his Pacer, D. Romer. 