LEGENDS INW SOCIETY. People expect to find legends in romantic situations--on the Rhine, in the Pyrenees, at Killarney. They are usually disappointed, or the legend is borrowed by the intelligent narrator from the local guide-book. You only find genuine legends among people who never read; in out-of-the way Celtic districts where people have no books, and in society where people have no time. One prefers the "old unhappy far-off things" of the Celt.; but the legends of society (writes Mr Andrew Lang in the Westminster Gazette) dre also curious. Now and again somebody who writes hears one of them, and he tells it in print. But this does not affect the oral form of the narrative, as the printed shape is not read. - In .the same way the fairy tales which Perrault heard from his boy's nurse are still repeated by French peasants, not as Perrault dressed them up for the Press, but in their ride ancient forms. In one of the November magazines there are two ghost stories. $loth are quite old, but in neither case has the author borrowed nor plagiarised from printed versions. He, or she, has worked quite honestly on the legend current in society. The first story is (in essence) Mr. Heaphy's anecdote of a spectral lady who gave him sittings for her portrait to console her bereaved father. Dickens published it, in Lord Lytton's version, in his magazine ; then Mr Hfeaphy sent in, his own version, which was also publisha Tlien comes the recent variant, r-posing on legend. The secondtale was published, with many variations, long ago, probably in Once a Week. Its turn has come for a. new avatar. In October ainother such story appeared in another magazine. It was ingeniously moulded on. a legend of a chateau in the North of Scotland, and will doubtless reappear 'in due course. Fitzjames O'Brien told a new horror in d The Diamond Lens "; then it ap peared (not from O'Brien's book) in the Cornhill, then Guy de Maupassant (who had obviously read neither version) made it into "Le Harla." It will come round again in its orbit. Here are two legends, which perhaps are as yet unseized by novelists. The first is not easy to finish, in English, and probably must remain half told. Rather early in the century a young mall of noble family and of great beauty came up from Oxford to town in the vacation. He went to all the usual places of amusement, and wherever he went he saw a dark Wets Indian-look ing woman watching him. At last, as he was lounging in the foyer of a theatre, she came up to him, and led him into a quiet corner. "Sir," she said, "are you willing for an adventure ?" Entering into the spirit of a hero in the Arabian Nights, he was willing, and followed the woman to the door of the theatre, where a carriage was waiting, In the carriage he consented to be blindfolded with the conventional silk handkerchief. They drove a long way, and stopped at a house. The adventurer only knew that the staircases were wide, and the steps broad and low. He was led into a room, where the bandage was re moved from his eyes. The room was lofty and splendid, the first of a suite. On a table was laid supper for one, with champagne. "Eat and drink," said the dark woman, "but on no account leave this room." She then left him ; he sup ped, and he became curious. He passed through two rooms ; the third he saw to be brilliantly lighted. On entering he found it to be arranged as a chamber ar dente. Candles were burning around an open coffin, in which lay the corpse of a man of middle age. Rather dashed by this experience, the adventurer re turned to the first chamber, where he was soon rejoined by the dark woman. She led him along an unlighted passage, the sound of weeping coming always closer as they went. She opened a door -and here the author pauses! For further particulars literary people must apply privately. It seems probable that the sudden, immense, and mysterious fortune of Beau Wilson, who, from a battered and broken subaltern, became, .in a day, the richest exquisite in town, may have had its origin in a similar affair. And that was why Law of Lauriston killed Beau Wilson, becoming later the founder of the Mississippi scheme. The next legend is of to-day, and may presently be seized by some teller of short stories. A young lady, on· Hallow'een, practised the old sorcery of combing her hair, and cutting an apple, as she gazed into the black deeps of a mirror. In the gleaming glass She saw the shadow pass of a young man in military uniform. At the same moment she heard the tinkling fall of some metallic object on the floor. 'She searched the room, and found a small broken part of a soldier's trappings. This she put away in a little box with other oddities. In a few weeks, of course, she met the, man of the mirror, marrried him without mentioning the vision, and went on her honeymoon. They were very happy, but, when about returning from Faris, she chanced to open the little. box, found the object of metal, and showed it to her husband. He turned deadly pale, azd said, " The night I lost that I was in hell. We must never meet again.". He left the room, telegraphled for his bride's brother, and has never been heard of since. Whq~ t was it all about ? Tlis is left to the taste and faitey of the novelist. Tile worst of spinning ficitonout of drawing-room or smoking-room lg s is that it ppvokes cg~ es of pgiarism. A London -orresDondentr-writes ?-The steadily flowing unde rurrent of rumor pointing to"the irly rehfgnatio by Lord Balisbary of the lesiitP t?e Unionist party naturaly teada t&cujeoture; in political Eircles as to .the succesm.l,, It t't pretty generally aggoed thatpio# Lord Satisbury within the next 12 mou y down the sceptre of the Ptemiershifp4 e Duke of Devonshire Willi be asked take it up this proposists everypne knows, is no new thing. When, on?h? defeast offr. Glad. stone owing to seepeasion '?rothe Liberal ranks, Lord 8dlihburiy was bIlled upon to Sform-a -Government, he proposed that the Duke of Devonshire should be Premier, he offering to serve under him: as Foreign Secretary. 