MAFFRA BEET SUGAR FACTORY. The following letter was published in the "Argus" on Thurwlday: Sir,-I reao in the "Argus" of to-day a letter signed Robert Falconer, in which some caustic remarks are made regarding the beet sugar industry. I naturally suppose "R.F." is neither a shareholder nor a grower. I ani both, and know something on the subject. Mr Van de Velde's ghost is periodidally trotted out, but I don t think 1Mr V. de V. ever grew beets in Victoria, and therefore his opinion is worth somnething less than any MatIra farmer who lha grown beet roots for the 'past four or five rears. The factory is now built, the machlinery is everything that could be desired, and, though the building antd plant cost some thousauls more than tlhe directors calculated on, this is not surprising, for if It. Fialconer buiMls a fowlhouse lie will find that there will of a certainty be a few more nails and pailings required than the reckoned on, and a few miscalculationls were bound to creep into sueh all inmnense lucern. However, the factory is built and done with, except a few alterations which experienice has taught are retntired. " H.F." says the land is not suitable. Mr Sinclair anti all the other experts say that in the whole world they never saw land so suitable. " It.F." sa?s it is well- known that beets require a ivell cultivated soil. The soil here it a soft black alluvial, which eveni in its virgin state is easily worked, and it has been proved by experience that it is capable even oil the first cropping of g}rowing beets of extraordinary richness, and heavy crops at that. I stir one mant take off (i tons per acre at Upper Maffra the sntinter Iefore last. R1. Falconer says there are scarcely any farmers arounlld Mlaffra-what it statemtent--anl says with truth that most of them are comifortably off. Strely those folks who are comfortably off' are the very ones to experiment on a new industry, since even ii total tailure of their beet crop does not spill ruin to themti. Th'le statemiient that they wohlin not grow a single root if they could get out of their contracts is unttruelt and a libel on the farniers. I don't believe that onle single farier is growing ml compulsion, but they are loinlg so becautse, though they are doirg swell now, they see clearly that there is every prospect of it great success in the beet industry, which is pre-elinently suited to rich lairn and i a dirying conmuuity. The growing of beet at plresent is eXlpensive and pr menlle cannot affiordl I to risk IitCIon it ; hence the tnecessity of the hated rich nman going ill for big pad'lociks of it. I sullpose it is i pity that there shoulid be aroundll .laitra rich mlen who ire also men of pusiih ailnd enterprise, prelpared to risk a few of their thosanlds to forwanl an inldustr which they believe means further wealth to themiselves anil a goiod livelihoodi for so maniy hundreds of workmen ; but I fail to see any pity in it mtysulf. It woutl, as "R.F." says, he ivmpovssible to find one grower depending on the indus try. Very trte, because as I said before, a lttman must hlave moley. to start, to pireltare the land, to sow, weed, thin, hoe, andil culti vate, and finally lift and cart his crop ; and the experitental part instust be ilone Il folks who can afford to risk it few pounils, andl when it Ithas beIn sliown to be a certainlty the poor tmalll cai and will coime in. 3litfr, is experimenttig for the whole colony, and deserveassistance. RR.Falconer says S eralltll expelrts are required. I ianswetr that everv seed is pullt in by direction of an exspert secially educated in Euroell. " It.F." wanlts reliable farmers, not eattle fattenelr. I reply that every man whinto grows beet musit becOlllme it cattle-fattener oil it large or small scale, or else lose one nof the tlust valuable features of the iidustrv; and who cavi wie rely on if not the ownlers of the soil? I will pass over "'l.F's." aslperiolls re the treatmletnt alnd pavyment of the factory lhand iterely saying tltl there were hulndredls of tlel eployeid, anil I atit ill a position to say that tiley were all satisied, aiund that there were Inidrleds anxious to replace anll awho credl to leave. Now, as griower of Its iany acres it? I call afford, I calln isay that I lost lmoney on tiny growhin last seoaslo, but I can see iny wvay to nlake itmprovemients in every way ltis cosmuin season. My land l ill cost lhanil atythting to prepare, and I call cnlti viate ft cheaper and harvest it eliaper. I have profited by the experience of last ealr, iand instead of plliting in Octoler I have plaiited alreadily, a inistead of taking out tile beets it Mliar aln Julne I hope to be carting in 2ltareh,'thus securing fine harvest weather insteadl of rain and iuu. Am I ias satislied with the prosweets as last s yearl Yes, quilte ; for last year was the driest and hottest oni record in Victoria, andt particu larly in ipp?ulnd. Th'lie only thing which kept green was the sugar beet. hine thete white tant camue hlere a total failuire in the polato crop was liiunkno i till last year, and prolbbl y ini niy lifetime I vllita lnesel' see slclih fiiluire again. 1 sowCed soite potatoes nast veatr. They only catle up to be scorched olff, andl gat-e.Io yieldl. The beets retmained green, and gave mte half a crop. What, then, is there to dlishearten a man with any British htitl in his veins. " tobert," the faint-heartedl, had better go to Europe till we get over our tlifficulty.-I ant, etc., A SHAREHOLDER AND GROWER. ahsfr, Augn 10. 