The Ghosts off Deadman's Fiat. A TALE OF COOLGARDIE. (By J. S. TALBOT). f A MONO the fossickers on I A Deadman's Plat—so called froui a skeleton having been M \ found on the spot by the 0 prospectors in the early days of the fields—there was no man more generally liked than Jack Smith. More than once he had shared the contents of bis water-bag with others and risked bis own life in doing so. When old Fitz was lying sick in bis little 6x8, Smith used to leave bis work to cook meals and otherwise attend to the wants of the poor, old, broken-down digger. He was always •cheery and hopeful, and, as old Fitz put it, was "a divil for the graft." Jack Smith had never put a pick in the ground before be left Melbourne in the beginning of the Coolgardie rush, but, as is very frequently the case with inexperienced men on the goldficlds, he was among the luckiest, and there was not a happier man in all Coolgardie than our friend Jack when he sent a substantial draft to his wife, with instructions to take «hip to Fremantle. The day when Smith was to so to meet his loved ones 8t the port was drawing near. "It's meself that's sorry you're lavin' us," said old Fitz, " but shure this is no place for the wife and child her, anyway. Wait till yez all •are settled on the farm you bought on the side of the Darling Range 1 , an' I'll come down an' see ve all, wid the help o' God." ' Jack complained of a splitting headache one morning, when he and Fritz were starting to Coolgardie fur supplies and letters "Stop at home, man," said Fitz; " ye got a touch o' the sun yesterday. Keep in the shade to-day, an' ye'll be all right to-morrow. It 'ud be a nice job if you were too sick to go in and (meet the family." " 111 be all right soon. Come along, Fitz," and away the two pioneers trudged. The day was hot, even for Coolgardie, and Fitz noticed with anxiety that his compauion, always cheerful, looked heavy and depressed. At last, when Smith bad made an almost incoherent observation, Fitz said: " Thin if I didh't know you weren't a dhrinkin* man I'd say ye'd been on the booze. What the divil ail you, at •all, at\ all ?" " Listen, Fitz: Last night I saw the ghosts of my' wife and children. They came and looked at me with sad, pale faces. Then I felt their kisses on my lipsas they steid "Farewell" floated up wards: into a great irright light. Do you think they are 'dead, Fitz?" : . " Sorra dead. Shure drains always go be contrary. 'Tis alive and sthrong they are. Yer not well, man, or you wouldn't be thinkiu' of such things." " I believe you're right, Fitz. I won't worry any more. But my head does ^feel bad." Jack Smith's anxiety increased when he found there was no letter from his wife, and going into a tent where " soft drinks " were retailed he •with a sigh sat down on a box. Listlessly he took up a paper and read. Then with a great and bitter cry he cast the sheet from him. "They are dead, Fitz. J told you tbey were dead., What have I done-rwhat have I done that my wife and children should be taken from me? Oh, my darlings, my darlings, my darlings! I'll never see, you again," and then in his great agony, he . cursed •God, Fitz, pale and trembling, tried to comfort him. . "God forgive him," said the old man. " Shure he's, off his head and ' doesn't, know what he's talking about." 4 1 There—there," said. Smith, pointing to the pappr, " there is the awful news!" Fitz, taking the paper, read: " Mrs Smith and her two children, who were passengers for Western Australia, were attacked with' diphtheria soon after leaving Melbourne. They were put «shore at Adelaide, where, ttiey since succumbed to the disease. Before Fitz could say more Smith, seizing hiin by the arm, pulled him from the tent. " Come on, Fitz; come home; there will soon be another dead mau on Deadman's Flat. Come on ; come on. Tbey will come to me again to-night. Oh that I were with them now P For days and days Smith lay in a raging fever. The miners had shaded his teut with trees, and one of this nam her constantly sat by t he sick man's bed. At times he looked about him, and teemed to be conscious. " How real, how real," he muttered, " Belle darling, Belle, Charlie, Dot come nearer; come nearer," and then he closed his eyes and seemed to slumber. One day the doctor was by the bed-side. " There is hope vet," he said. Then old Fitz, panting and covered with sweat and dust, entered the tent, and whispered in the doctor's ear The patient gave a pitiful moan, and turned his head on the pillow. The doctor beckoned, and figures enfexed the tent. " They have come again : The ghosts of Deadman's Flat have come for me. Wife, darlings, wait; wait for me. I will go with you soon," said the invalid beseechingly. " We have come, never to leave you agaiu in this world, Jack, my darling Jack. Oh! uiy husband, you must not die. I am your wife, your own real wife. My arm is around your neck. My kisses are on your "hps. Your children's hands are in your hands. Charlie, Dot, speak to your father, and bring him back to us." " I'se Dot," said the little one, nestling close to her father. Then the old look of intelligence came back to the eyes of the sick man, and with words of great joy he cried, " Belle, Charlie, Dot, my darlings, my own darlings." The doctor went to the door of the tent, and blew his nose vigorously. Then he spoke a few words, and a great cheer went up from the miners on Dead man*8 FJat. 