GRAFTON BRANCH MEETING. At a 'meeting of the Grafton Branch last evening, Mr. M'Guren reported successful meetings at Upper Bucca and Coramba. Mr. Bassett! wrote from Lionsville, asking if a delegate could be sent, and it was resolved to ask Mr. John See, jun., to dis- tribute Federal literature in that locality. The following letter was read from Mr, E. Barton, of walch CCD copieB are to be dis- tributed- i The following letter,' dated 20fch inst., was received by the Mayor : " I telegraphed to you yesterday with reference to certain remarks reported, to have been made by the Hon. John Want, Q.O., in his speech at Grafton on the 14th instant. The remarks are thus reported in the Sydney Morning Herald " Referring to the bounties question, he said that the Victorian Government had granted £40,000 to a sugar company to encourage beet culture, and if federated the residents of N.S.W., including the sugar growers of the northern livers, would, have, to pay a portion of the bounty given to promote sugar production to compete with their own cane-produced sugar." These remarks of Mr. Want's are reckless mis-statements. That ÍB to say, they come naturally from Mr. Want, judging by the .whole tenor of his speeches against Feder- ation. It must not oe forgotten that Mr. Want has said, in the Legislative Council, that he felt that murder would almost be justifiable in order to kill Federation. To a gentleman of such sentiments a little mis- representation must almost commend itself as a virtue. It is not true that the Victorian Govern- ment " has granted £i0,OC0 to a sugar 'company to encourage beet culture." It is not true that under Federation.any of the residents of N.S.W., whether they grow sugar or not, will have to pay any portion of the money. The facts are as follows In 18C3 (before the holding of the Conven- tion) the Victorian Parliament, acting quite within their rights, passed an Act empower- ing the Government to lend, not to grant, money to a company for the development of the sugar-beet industry. The money was to be raised by a public loan on the security of the Victorian revenue; Victoria has to pay the interest on that loan, and any of the proceeds advanced to a company are to bear interest to recoup the Victorian Exchequer, The transaction will not be a bounty or a "grant" of any kind. The Victorian Treasury is responsible to the public creditor ; and the sugar-beet com- pany will have to Day principal and Interest to the Victorian Treasury. Under no cir- cumstances whatever can any other people than the Victorians have to pay anything, and they will only have to pay to any extent to which the company makeB default in re- paying to the Victorian Treasury any part of the principal and interest. The Common- wealth Bill does nob make the Federation responsible for any loan of thiB kind. Moreover, if this were a bounty, as it is not, the. Bill does not make the Federation responsible for any bounty granted by a State (or colony). I If Mr. Reid had carried out the suggestion he made two or three years ago, in his Korbhern tour, that it might be advisable to grant State assistance to the establish- ment of sugar mills on our northern rivers, he would have done no less than Victoria has done, and Victoria would have had no more right to complain of our transaction than we have to complain of hers. I exposed beyond all question the audacious attempt of the anti-Federal party to raise the bounty scare when I telegraphed on the subject to Sir George Turner, and received a reply from him, which was published throughout the country. If Mr. Want reads the papers, it ia strange if he did not see the telegram and the reply. The anti-Federalists are fond of ghost stories. Mr. Want's speeches against bhe cauBO of Australian union, of which, until he became President of his League, he repeatedly and violently avowed his hatred, deserve to be named after a volume of Rudyard Kipling's " Many Inventions." I Will y3u be so kind as to have this letter published id the papers of your city. The people of Grafton, happily, know me I well. They have heard Mr. Want recently. I ask them to decide between us. EDMUND BABOON. ! The following delegates were appointed to address meetings - Messrs, M'Guren, See, "Wilcox, A. Li pm an, and Dr. Henry at Brushgrove on Thursday ; Messrs. M'Guren, Dr. Henry, and Wilcox at Southgate on Saturday ; Messrs. S. See and T. Hadfield at Copmanhurst on Saturday. Several delegates from the South Grafton Branch will address a meeting at Burragan next Monday evening. Mr. W. Lowe hos been appointed a delegate. SYDNEY, MONDAY.-Mr. Barton ad- dressed a large meeting at the Exhibition building. Mr. O'Connor held a great and very enthusiastic meeting at Tamworth. Mr. O'Sullivan, M.P., who bas been one of the bitterest opponents of the Common- wealth Bill, speaking at Bungendore, said that in view of the ominous signB of war, the. whittling down of the financial diffi- culty, and the fact that the objectionable features of the Constitution could be removed, while benefits were likely to accrue, he had decided to vote for the measure. The Victorian Minister for Agriculture is of opinion that the Federal capital should' be located in New South Wales. Mr. John Norton has declared that Vic- toria was, from interested motives, subsi- dising the Federal party in N, S. Wales. The Government has decided to proclaim the Referendum day a public holiday. Mr. Barton was accorded a magnificent and enthusiastic reception on his arrival at Newcastle to-day. He was subsequently entertained ab a banquet ab. the bottom of one "of the local coal mines, when his health was drunk amid vociferous cheers for -Federation, 