Miscellaneous Pars. Tbe Premier has succeeded in making himself so unpopular in the other colonies by his equivocal C'll duct thnt all his personal 'ambitions are jeopardised under Federation. He would be the odd man out and' Mr Beid is a very odd man.* 1 ? 'I am the old G. H Reid again' cried the Premier jabilaotly at Mijfon Well, nobody confused him -with any . new George H. Reid. \- - Mr Reid has only spoken once in hia King Constituency since tho last general eleotions. - Why did he go to a sleepy little township to unfold hi* Federation programme P Queensland will only agree to Fed erate on the basis of equal State Re presentation in the Senate. Why \- iloeB the Premier continue then to haggle' over this point P The Federal flame barns warmly. Sir :Edward . Braddon and Mr Reid Hlive snubbed ea'ch other per cable, i The. Premier now cheerfully reoog niaes that there is not the ghost of a chance of a conference, this side of \- the general elections at any rate. But ah ! Is he disappointed P Cer tainly not. ? Mr Ashton will contest Goulburn at . next' election. The Singleton ' Argus ' terms the member for WeBt Maitland a' ' politi cal mouse.' Well, v^ell, there are several political ' mouses ' in tbe Assembly, and they very !seldom leave tbeir nests. Last week 347 Japanese laborers were landed in northern Queensland. The future inhabitants of Queensland . promise to be an odd mixture — Euro- peans, Chinese, Kanakas, and Indian ' Coolies. Mr Reid has along string of amend . ments he desires to be made to the Commonwealth Bill, but why didn't he discover all these defects whilst at the Convention. The ' D. Telegraph ' have dropped leader Lyne with a soft mellow plunk, and are again busy booming the 'bully boy ' with the eye-glass. Three children have died in London from eating ice-creams. It was found the mysterious compound was made from sewerage water. Lord Charles Beresford wants £35,000,000 in addition to the annual rote spent on the British navy. ~ A large quantity of cedar is being bronght into town^for sale. The rise in the price , has made things more lively in the trade. A number of waggons got bogged on the road to Clarence Town last week, at an awkward place where a contract is being carried out. Mr^Lvne thinks the Federal Bill would be- acceptable to N. S. Wales were Braddon's 'blot' eliminated, and bare majority rule provided for in case of amendments of the Constitu tion. A redustion has been made in the . telegraph rates- between New South ; WaloB and Queensland. Several hatches of unemployed have teen recently despatched from the ^Sydney laber bureau to the Bogan, to cut scrub. \- The 'janial' Dan O'Connor has been immortalised. An island at Port Macquarie has been duly christened ' O'Connor Island.' It has leaked out that there was something fishy with the Fitzroy elec tion. It iB supposed over 100 ballot papers were destroyed whilst being counted. The new Parliament will comprise a lot of new blood, and Mr. Barton will find himself leading a bright young Australian party, pledged to Austra lian Unity on reasonable terms; whilst 'many of the old, barnacle-covered ' Tories who have lived on the old cries of protection and freetrade, but who never did anything 'for either, will be. given their quietus by an intelligent publio. ? We hear a lot of talk about the Federal League spending £1300 in fighting the cause during the elections, but some people are very Bilent as to the sum spent in opposing it. It is stated with Bome authority that the brewers' of Sydney subscribed hun dreds of pounds to the fund, and they were liberally assisted by tbe tobacco ? manufacturing ring of Sydney. We suppose the Sydney brewers don't like the idea of intercolonial freetrade, as Tasmania^ and Victorian brewers would be too many for tliem, and the present crushing excise on tobacco suits the 'riug' in Sydney. Both parties have too good a thing on to have it disturbed. ? There was some fun at the banquet at the opening of the Morpeth Bridge last. week. Some members showed their b'ad: taste by delivering election - eeringii'sjrtechea Two Ministers an. I two Members, who hare maintained a masterly silence on th« question oF Federation, suddenly b'okij out, and denounced it in strong language. They imagined they were kicking a dead dog, but Mr. R. A. Price, M. P., who wis present, stood up in defet ce of Aus tralian Unity, and gave those who had ' the indecency tu introduce the odium ' politicum at the festive board, a well deserved verbal caBtigution. Mr. Barton has definitely decided to contest Bourke at the next general election. The next election will re a comical ? one. Protectionist leader Lvi.e arnl Premier freetrade Rei i will be found fighting againBi Federation leader Barton and bis associates. The Chboniole ventures to predict that Mr E. Barton will be the next Premier of New South WaleB. ['.Federation will not be bhTo iu tins hands of Reid and hiB silent, servi.e followers, but should Mr Barton be returned to power, the Premiers of the neighboring colonies will, in all probability, come to his terms and ac cept amendments in the Constitution thftt they would pot fpr wriggler Beid, 