iN AUSTRALIAN NOVEL. DIAMONDS* DESTINY A Remariable Story of'Discorer? and Adventure. PART IX. ' The end of the world must be coming,' gasped the bank manager, whose deathly pale face gave proof of the excitement under which he laboured. 'Good heavens! I think that mail was Wills !' * But are you .sure, Mr. Forbes. Mightn't you be mistaken ? I've known lien Wills for nine years, and a bi.t r man there never was. Aie you sure ?' asked the constable. ' As sure as I am alive at this very moment. Didn't you hear bis voice, too, and that ought to be enough. Yet what can the motive be of the second attack ? Poor Marlow has followed the sergeant, brutally mur dcnal,* spuke Forbes ' What aic you going to do, Wal lace ?' quiried die trooper. ' I'm going to Goulbum in spite of all the ruffians in the bush. It's pome Xu a. bad pass when men like Wuls should turn highwaymen. The mails are still in ihe coach, and I'll 'take ^ them if I have to. go alone,* answtrerl , Ihe intrepid driver. \ ? it's line tempting fate, Alex, but if you go so will I. There would be no use in these ruffians killing one of us now, for all of us have the clue. Unless they can massacre every mother's son in this house they can't escape detection,' spoke Constable Moss. ??Shure an* they might try that same. Bedad, we'll have to be on our guard anyway,' interrupted Brady in a serious voice. ?Then let one half of us stay here and the other lot go on to Goulbum. I'll go or stay, just as you like,' said Constable Moss. Acting on the courageous resolve of Driver Wallace, it was soon de cided that the journey should be con tinued though ihe risk was undoubtedly very great. So far none of tile attacks d party had connected Alfred Marlow wjih the outrage The fact that their ill lated fellow traveller had met his death en what was expected to be his wedding-day was clear enough, but it was looked upon as a misadventure in connection with an attack for plunder. The real motive did not dawn upon the party at the- time, or they might have been less fearful of aiuck. The natural conclusion was that the return of the highwaymen was due to a desire to secure the mails, which had apparently been overlooked. How fjteful that second onset was the reader can probably guess. Had it not been for the death-grip of poor Marlow on the false beard of Ben Wills ihe perpetrators of the Bi aid wood coach robbery might never have been discovered, and the hiatory of the League of Braidwood would have remained unwritten. As it was, a strong clue was afforded, and even in death Marlow avenged himself. After waiting for nearly an hour without any signs of the highwaymen being seen, Wallace boldly left the shelter of the house and secured his coach and team. The horses had been standing quietly near the stable, and there was no difficulty to such an experienced driver in getting iliem under control aud bringing die vehicle to the back door of Brady's house. It was then agreed that Constable Moss and two of the passengers should travel inside the coach, each being well armed and on die alert for an attack. The constable considered it would be safer for him to take an outside seat than ride openly on horseback, from which he could easily be shot down from an ambush. There was no possibility of Wal lace so securing himself, but he was used to danger, and did not shrink from the p.ril. Besides he l.ad a plan resolved on which might add to the safety of himself and the pas sengers. After removing the body of Marlow au«i placing it beside that of Sergeant Mitcham, the coach lelt on its journey to Goulbum, but under very different circumstances to its arrival at Brady's. Forbes remained behind with a pas senger named Donald, and with Brady and Sam they felt equal to defending themselves against probable attack. After going about half a rcile from Brady's along the direct road to Goulbum, Driver Wallace suddenly turned his team into the low scrub which fringed the side of a range and plunged into die bush, much to die surprise of the coach inmates. 'What's the matter, Alex?' asked the trooper, putting his head out through the window and looking up. ' I'm going to try a bush track Our lives wouldn't be worth a penny piece if we. keep -ori the main road. Those rascals are waiting for us sure enough,* responded the driver. '? ' You think they will be at the big gap ?' asked Moss. * i do, and if we can turn that spot all will be well. Leave me alone now, Moss, and look out for the thieve-; and murderers, for it will take me all my time to st_er along,* curtly a iswered the driver. This was true enough, for the route taken by Wallace seemed an utterly impracticable one, and perhaps none but a daring fellow impelled by a deep sense of danger would have taken it. For five long hours he guided the team through obstacles which would have deterred almost anyone, and it was ' just upon sunset when to the ?joy cf himself and his companions the coach emerged on the high road. This was at a point some four miles -on the Ooulburn side of the dreaded Big Gap, and as Wallace whipped up ihe jaded team he felt that the great danger was over. In that belief he was right, for Goulbum was reached safely and the alarm given. It was Constable Moss who pro ceeded to the Rojal Hotel immediately after he had reported the tragedy at Urady'b to his superior officer. He knew that the murdered man Marlow liad to meet Michael Farnham and his &uu;i!!e Ruse at diat place, a id the : erialiii which the constable took was nut by any means a pleasant one. So far non; but llii police 1 n i a few others knew li c particulais ol the tragedy, and Moss felt that it was his duty to enlighten the Farnhams it . garding the matter, tor they must be full of anxious expectancy. He was shown into a private room at the large hotel, and in a lew minutes Michael L-arnhani, tl-e wiwr of Narrigo Station, entered. He was a man ot some titty years of age, with grizzled beard and lace, the lines of which showed the owner had 'roughed it' in his time. The mouth was firm, whilst the sharp chin and keen steel grej* e3'es gave evidence that Farnhai) possessed more than a fair share of resolution and determination. The constable was known to the o.vner of Narrigo, for his first words were : ? What kept you so late, Moss ? On a day like this, above all others.' ' There has been trouble, sir; but I'm sorry you and Miss I'arnham should be disappointed. I ? ' ? Oh, it was the gold I was thinking about, not the approaching marriage. What happened? A smash ?' inter rupted tbe squatter in an off-hand manner. ? Far worse than that, sir,' sulkily responded the constable, nettled by the manner of Farnhani. ' The coach has been attacked and robbed.' ?Robbed! the devil it has, and pray what were you doing, Moss? Are you aware I was interrested in ihe gold earned to some extent ?' ?Well, it has all gone, and more than that, too. There have been precious human lives lust, and so -fet bs t'jn come.ued I did nay dirty. Mr, farnhani, as t always dof responoeS Shecohstable in an aggressive manner. 'Human lives lost, did I hear you say ?' interrupted a low sweet voice as the hall-open door was pushed back and a young woman entered the room. The speaker appeared to be about twenty-two or twenty-three years of age, and though not what might be reckoned handsome, there was an ex pression in her face which was good to see. She was rather under than over middle stature, and her figure was slight. The deep grey eyes and resolute mouth proclaimed her a daughter of Miciiael Famham, though the magnificent tresses of golden hair which crowned the well-shaped head did not correspond with the jet-black locks — now being tinged with grey — of her father. The constable looked confused at the entrance of Rose Karnhaui— for she it was — and for a few moments did hot reply. Then he said : ? There has been trouble with the ! Braidwood coach, Miss, and I was just telling your lather.' ? Trouble ! Of what sort ? Did I not hear you say tliere were lives lost ?' queritd the girl, changing colour. ' The geld has been talen, Miss,' evasively answered Moss. ? Is that all ?' pointedly asked Miss Farnham ' Well — no, not quite all. I will tell your father about it,' blurted out the.trooper. ' Tell him and then I will listen. Perhaps it concerns me,1 spoke Rose Farnham in a tone of anxiety. 1 The fact is, Sergeant Milcham was killed today at Brady's by four high waymen who surprised us and stole four boxes of gold.' 'And where were you, Moss?' in tenupied Farnham for the second time. ? I was sent in by the sergeant to have some refreshment with the pas sengers. There wjs no one at the coecIi but the sergeant. We managed to drive the ruffians away, but they got the gold,' said Moss. ' Locking the slable- dnor wtien the steed is stolen,' sneered the squatter, j ? If you had been there you could not have done any more than we did. It's all very well to talk about a matter j you don't undeisland, sir. 'liiese! : four men were bent on murder, and ? I were not content with gold. They ! ! made a second attack and killed another of our party — -;ne whom you are interested in,' indignantly retorted Moss. 'Ah! a second attack!' muttered the squatter sinking into a chair with ; a vague sense of impending evil. ' Who was it, Moss ? Ltt us kiiow,' he fiercely spoke, rising to his feet in suppressed agitation. ? Alfred Marlow/ said the constable in low tones, looking towards the girl and expecting a scene. In that he was disappointed, for the squatter showed infinitely more perturbation than his daughter. Miss ' Farnham certainly turned deadly pale, and with a gasp sank down on the sofa beside which she had been standing. The owner of Narrigo Station, how ever, seemed absolutely paralysed with the announcement, and for nearly a minute remained in dazed silence. Then with an effort he shook off the litliargy and said in a c infused voice; 'You mean to tell me that Marlow was killed in this attack. Did he re sist the robbery, or how did it come about ? Surely there must be a mis take, Moss.' ? I am sorry to say it is too true. Marlow was sitting in the coach with ,Ft-ci»es when tfie four ruffians ^a'lpped up and shot him. He managed to pull die false beard ^ off one of die murderers, and lie has been recog nised, sir.' ' Ah ! who— who is the scoundrel ?' panted the squatter. ? Ben Wills, of the Shoalhaven Store and public-bouse. He ? ''. A low, gasping cry from -Rose Farnbam interrupted Constable Moss, and turning, he saw that the girl had regained her feet and was standing ' pale as a ghost and trembling most violently, ; ?Wills! Did you say Wills?' she asked. ? Yes, Miss Farnham, it was Ben Wills sure enough, as Wallace and Forbes can prove. Who the other three were we don't yet know, though the due obtained will soon be followed up. We had a rare job to get here, sir,* Constable Moss continued, turning to the squatter. 'These fellows would have killed every one of us it they could so as to destroy identification. Wallace is certain they were waiting for us at the Big Gap, but he took a bush road and got round the place* ' And where — where is Mr. Marlow now ?' asked Farnham, nat heeding the constable's recital. 'At Brady's. A party of mounted policemen will be leaving for there in [.half an hour's time, so the inspector told me. .TheoiagVxate starts at day-' light, and I'm going with him ' ex plained Moss. [ * I'll go to Brady's with the constable, , Rose, and you had belter stay here until this affair is settled/ suddenly , \-- ? ; i' spoke l!ie sijuaiur. ? ? 1 wouiti much rather go home, father. 1 can v.isHy get across without you,* ansK-eicti K. 'Sc. ' Why c.111'1 you bUy here ?' repeated herfatiier. ' For several reasons, de is that I don't care to be p .inled at as an cbj.ct of cuiiusiiy. 'i'nis affair will be on ever) bod) 's . lips to-morrow, aud I would rather go home.' ' Well, do so. Rose. I'll make arrangements with Grainger to send you over, and I will be able to let you know all about this affiir when 1 return. It is best I should go on to Bradv's and look after poor Marlow's aff.iirs. He hasn't a relative in the colony that I know of,' answered the girl's fainer as he left the room to make prepara tions for his early morning's jourfiey. 1 Who was with Wills, Mr. Moss ?' suddenly asked Rose Farnhani as the squatter went out. It was 'riot the question so much as the toiie of it which almost startled ihe trodper. ' None of us can tell, Miss Famham. When Marlow was shot a tall young fellow dressed like a sailor was along side the coach. Oi the other two, one was got up as a negro or -a blackfellow, and the other was a stout clean-shaven fallow.' ?These were disguises, I suppose,' queried R- se. ?Of course they were, but we'll soon penetrate Jhfem widi ihe due weVe got. Tlhe^tdegraphisairtadj'atwork^ andjhe jwlice from Braigwooa fcayp gone Surto Wills' place bf *his time : to arrest 'him »n suspicion* explained the constable. ? Out will he be there ? If ihe party is lying in wait at the Big G.ip, how can they have gone back to the Siioal haven?' pertinently asked the pirl, though her voice trembled with anxi ty. To BE CClNTIKTJXD. 