REVIEWS OF BOOKS. "Tom 1'ofisington's ( hostby Richard Marsh; Routledge &, Soiifi, London, through (i. -Robertson & Co.-This is the latest, of Mr. Marsh's bi>oks. Lord Rat-on in his essay on ".Mudies reasons that, just- as different defects of. the body may lie cured | by appropriate " physical exercise, so defi cit'] ices In mind may be compensated by the perusal and study of different books. Since the reviewer read "iom Possington's Ghost" lie has been puzzling to know what mental defect it was likely to cure, hut he lias given the problem up. It may be a ! tired traveller's book, acceptable and ser j vieeable in a fashion—but that is its highest I recommendation—Madge Hrodic* and 1ier I search for a dead man's fortune are too un interesting. and the mode of discovery of the treasure too impossible. Ella, her i friend, is not even Madge's equal. The book has 110 literary value, 'lire* plot is transparent from the commencement ha any one with ordinary intelligence, and is not well worked out. Mark Twain ex pressed his'delight at having reached the top of Vesuvius because he would never want to go again. On this principle only | could the severely critical^ reader allude to "Tom Possington's Ghost," which, however, lis well printed and illustrated. "The Peril of a Lie," by Mrs. Aiiec-M. : Dale; lloutledge & Sons, through G. I Rolxwlson & Co.—A good book. Mrs. Da'o has a pleasant style; and, though there a nothing wonderful in the story, the readers attention is held from the beginning to U13 end. The plot is laid in InV north of ling land, and we are at once introduced to an interesting county family, of whom Si? Geoffrey banning is the head. in Sir Geoffrey's efforts to repair his family for tunes and rescue his erring brother Adrian, and his affection for his mother, we get a good indication of his own character, and lie js certainly a tine subject | to be the hero of the book. The women are well drawn. Lady banning is' a faith ful illustration of the English gentlewoman-. Millicent, who has to endure the peril of acting a lie. is perhaps more to be pitied' than blamed. That, at any rate, is the conclusion - to which Airs. Dale leads us She is a gill of line spirit, and in her rela tions witli-Lilla Arbiithnnl she has many opportunities of showing it. Whom she is, and what is the lie she told, we had better leave to the reader to discover. Probably on drawing the characters of Lilla and Mrs. Theodore* Arbuthnot, Lilla's aunt, Mrs. Dale lips bestowed most pipes. They are uniformly objectionable perayuagps,. and the way in whieh^thcir machinations are overcome, and,they themselves are routed and left discomfited, is very well described. It is in contrast to those two women that - Lady Painting's character stands out, and it is with tlieni that Milli cent lias manv a' tilt, in which she generally succeeds. Old Mr. Arbuthnot is a zealous •scientist,'and ' spend his nights in gazing at. the stars and his days in thinking of them.' His" aiisiird absent-niindednei3S 'anil' the scrapes it leads him into well relieve the story. There is nothing pretention's iu the book;, it "is a novel pure and simple,. ■ with a good wholesome ring about it. -''The Philanthropist," diy Lucy Maynard; Methuen, London, per E. S. Wigg & Son.— A curate and his wife go for a sail, and are drowned. Their little girl, Penrose Frere, the heroine of tho story, and bar brother befcdmc inmates of a national' orphan*, asylum. . Penrose at .the age of -eighteen is appointed teacher in the .institution in. 'which she .is brought tip. She is a charm", iiig girl, and one is. not surprised at Oliver Kenyon, the matHhmatical master, falling in Love with her, or at Penrose reciprocat ing the handsome young mathematician's affection. Ita-their case the course of true love is inteirupted by a ..terrible incident. Penrose's brother, to whom-She is-passion ately devoted, is a wilful, headstrong youth, • between whom and -Kenyon, his blaster, no love is lost. One evening the boy is found 'dead in lvenyon's room, with his head smashed. The plot is consistently worked 633 ©kit, ihe malogue Is AntereBtipg, find the principal characters ate teell drawn. ■ Miss Alaynard is te shrewd -observer, and the ■well-written portrayals of life in an orphan asylum give the reader a good insightdnto the workifcg of these important national institutions. ' ; As a Man Lives," by E. Phillips Oppen ncim; Ward, Loek,'&Co.;, Ixmdoti 'and MeI bi urne.—All the principal characters in this talc of mystery are people with a past. The most} interesting of them is Bruce De ville, described by Lady Nasalton, his god mother, as "a most extraordinary man," ivlio spent a fortune on Marie Leparte.the singer. The narrator of the story, Miss Ffolliot, the daughter of the eloquent clergyman with a skeleton in his cupboard, accidentally meets Bruce, whose face at the time wore a ferocious scowl, while the other part of his body wore a very eld' shooting suit, only fit for the rag dealer, and a grey flannel shirt with a turn down collar of the same material." Bruce was given to the use of profane language, aim was never happier than when chance supplied hini with an opportunity of exer cising his talents in riiat. direction. One would have thought that this naughty habii would have shocked Miss Ffoliiot, she being a clergyman's daughter, but such is woman's complex nature, that to her it seaned to add to Bruee's attractions. One Sunday during sendee a man staggered into the Church with blood dripping from his clothing and the foam of death 011 his lips. IV,inting to the eloquent clergyman lie cried —"Judas! you Judas! Oh! my God!" and then fell dead. He turned out to be a iSiuth American millionaire, who in life •arswered to the Germanic-Hebraic name of Berdenstein. The millionaire's sister, on vengeance • bent, is now introduced. She also falls in love with the profane Bruce, and consequently wild jealousy of a school gii. nature matures in the breasts of his two admirers. The book will prove a de lightful one to that numerous class of iii.d.ers who are fond of unravelling the mysterious doings of mysterious personages whose origin, like that of .Thackeray's im mortal "Jeames," is "wrapped in mystery." "The Mutineer, a Romance of Pitcaim Island," by Louis Reeke and Walter .tell'rey; Angus & Robertson, Sydney, through E. S. Wigg & Son.—This is a historical account of the mutiny of the Bounty and the subsequent settlement of the mutineers upon Pitcaim Island. The Mirmtive is embroidered with a fringe of romance, but the writing docs not present the powerful epigramatic surprises which characterize the usual brilliant work of the principal of the two collaborators'. If Mr. I .'coke, however, had not earlier created so high a standard by which to affect tli,e judgment of his later productions one could fairly give unstinted praise to "The Muti neer." The opening picture of island life, with its passion and its pathos, is deeply impressive as well as picturesque; and the attention of the reader is absorbed as by a spell from this point, even to the repiwen iulion of the ending in disaster of the expe riment of the mutineers in trying to mould Nature 011 lines which were impossible. Of lew of the books issued in Australia could one say so unreservedly that, their historical value makes their inclusion in any library almost a necessity, while their literary at I ructions alone would justify the same course. "The Mutineer" may be recom mended equally to tlie "dry-as-dust" col lector of fac ts' and as a source of pleasure for even the most light-hearted liovel skiminer. From George Allen, London, we have re ceived a dainty little book entitled "Flower Favourites; their Legends, Symbolism, and Significance," by' Lizzie Doas. The book cc i.sist.i chiefly of sketches—previously put> Jnled in various newspapers and magazines \- well designed to accomplish their purpose, which is to provide lovers of flowers with a [■nr.vcnieiit means of asc ertaining the roman tic history of the special characteristics of their favourite blooms. All sorts of litera ture on the subject, have been employed to add value to the compilation, and the poeti cal and other quotations are singularly happy.—Through the Wesleyon Rook Depot we have received from S. W. Partridge and Co.. Loudon, a copy of "The Secret of the Yew,' by Frank Ynrlock; and "More Pre cious Than Gold," by Jennie Chappel. These volumes are specimens of the inte resting. wholesome, and attractive class of bea ks for whose publication the weli-known pi bbskeivi harg acquired so well-deserved a reputation. For young people particularly in mere satisfactory and soul - sustaining reading could be found. The September number of the "Pall Mall Magazine" maintains the remarkably high character which previous issues of that publication have earned. The frontispiece is an original etching by R. Schumacher, "The Smoker," and is a fine realistic piece of work. A sketch of special interest to Australians is that entitled "The Real Mark Twain," which is written by Car'vle Smythe, H.A., son of the well-known "much-travelled" entrepreneur. Mr. Smythe had the advantage of travelling with Mr. Clemens, and the recital of some of their experiences is very entertaining. Sir Charles Dilke discusses an Anglo- American alliance, and Lord Henry Scott narrates fhe history of Dalkeith Palace, and de scribes that beautiful building. The prin cipal serial is the continuation of "The Silver Skull," by S. II. Crockett. 