THE PHANTOM OF CASTLE RAN. ; T was a mid, stormy; evening upon which; Will Darrell arrived' and took possession', of bis suddenly - acquired estate of- Ballyran, County Galway, Ireland. Young, handsome, and. talented, Will Darrell bad struggled, since his boyhood. *ith adversity, and now, at the age of: eight-and-twenty, found himself a rich man, having woke up one morning to the knowledge of a legacy, from a distant and till then unknown relative, of twenty thousand. -poundB and Castle Ballyran. The money was in the FundB, and a transfer had been, . -effected, when Darrell resolved upon a, journey to the sister country to inspect the, property, of which he had heard only a con-, fused aeeount. He found, on his arrival, that the Castle, •was a venerable old pile, and a young end, enthusiastic artist, Darrell viewed hisj possession with rapturous eyes. jr ar from a n y town, end at a considerable. , distance even from the nearest village, the- . old castle stood alone, in desolate grandeur,; overhanging the rocky seashore. The ap-; proach lay over a'bleak and almost barren; upland, and the gusty wind howled shrilly; to the roaring waves. It was upon one of the last days of Octotwr, the evening of which was closing in, so- Darrell. with his Irish agent, entered the; great hall of the castle. A portion only oft the great building was habitable, and foci years no one had resided there but an old! man named Mike, and the crone, his wife,; who were the custodians of the place, and had grown grey within its walls. Will Darrell and the agent were received most reverentially by the ancient couple,. and were conducted to the chief chamberj on the ground floor, the banquet hall ofj former days. It loomed large and lofty, and dimly grand in the grey twilight, ren-< dered yet more obscure by the discoloured' windows, throueh which everything was; thrown in shadow. The panelling was of black oak, relieved by the gilded quarterings of old families, and the dim portraits of old generations. At the farther end of the chamber was a: dais.aud above it hung some tattered banners, which had done good service in their day, and drank the blood and licked the dust of many a well-fought field. There were arms of almost every age, and here . and there complete suits of rusty mail etood out like gaunt and warlike spectres. A long table occupied the centre of the ball, but a few chairs only stood at its head. Towards these the newcomers made their way as old Mike entered, bearing huge candelabras. Above the immense • chimney-piece was carved some incident of the early wars, the design of which was lost to the eager artist's eyes of the young _ legatee, by the smoke that issued in thick volumes from the turf antf green wood, but newly-ligbted on the large hearth . beneath. " Welcome, Mr. Darrell. Cead Mille Failthe, welcome to the old castle ! may you live long, sir, to reside in it with all • honour and prosperity !" exclaimed the agent, warmly. " Reside in it! By my faith I'll never leave it1 What a glorious old place ; its ruinous aspect delights me more than would a, gorgeous palace with our latest modern impi o vemen ts." Gazing admiringly around, Will Darrell was only roused from the most pleasant of • ruminations by the return of the old people, bearing a couple of trays burthened with \- dishes containing boiled and roast fowls, dried salmon, cakes, oaten bread, and two • decanters of whisky. Tired and hungry, the artist and the \- genial agent did full justice to all that was placed before them, the former partaking almost too freely of the potent potheen.. Until eleven o'clock the jovial companions \- caroused, when Mike offered to conduct) . them to their apartments for the night. The withered eerving man, like most of, ' his class, was garrulous in the extreme, and' . full of 6tories of ghosts and banshees. Toj these latter Will Darell listened with much; interest and an amused smile. t One tale particularly^ rivetted the atten- ' fcion of the young artisit; it was of a phan-: torn whom report credited with prowling and gliding about the old castle at midnight, —the phantom of a young and lovely] woman in white. i The agent having retired, Darrell, con- -. suiting his watch with a humorOUB smile,j \- asked the aged servitor what particular; portion of the castle was most favoured byj the ghost, and was informed that the] lovely phantom had been seen gliding about; In Ihe habited portion of the building as] . as often as the chambers that, were falling j into ruin and decay. <> Very Well, Mike. They say, ' After ^dinner sib awhile, after supper walk a mile.'; . So, as 1 feel now not at all inclined for re-i :-poee, give me a lantern and I'll amnee my- •elf by finding out if this pretty phantom will show up to the new lord of her domain." " Mnsha, an'. ifs • -going over the castle .-••I by yourself, your honour, and close on. midnight! O^hone, ife tempting Providence, shure V" said the old man trembling, r-and devoutly crossing himBelf. " Qh. don't you foar. Mike, a lady ghost or no ghotb won't frighten Will Darrell; and, perhaps, as I'm a single young man the female phantom will run away from me Instead of after me." "Bedad, the pretty colleen may lead you , out on the rocks, shure, an' yer, honour may be earned away the same as young Pat Doolan, who was lost entoirely, blown out to.sae,and never heard of again, Mueba ! " " Well, I'll chance the rocks, the wind, and the sea. Mike, give me a lantern ; I'm determined to find the phantom of Castle Ballyran, so say no more, but off with you to your old dame, and leave me to look about for this young one. In the flesh orout of it, I'll have speech with her, though all the shades of my ancestors surrounded her." Laughing at the.lugubrious janitor the young lord of the old caBtle, receiving a lighted lantern from his trembling hands, boldly strode from the banquet hall, and presently began to mount the dilapidated stairoase without. The walls broken, and the casements beaten in,the wind in fitful blasts and rushing sweeps met him in full force as at length he gained a narrow landing place above. The bold artist, stopping now for a moment, stood by an open niche to breathe the night air and listen to the surging moan of the sea as it laved the beaeh, laughing aloud as attracted by the glare of the lan tern a huge cat dashed full in hie face at thi Very moment that an owl set up her melan choly, weird tu whit, feu wboo ! Pursuing his way through a long gallery, undismayed by the rats that, startled froa their holes, scampered over the black flooi like frightened rabbit*. Will Darrell, held ing high the lantern, pressed on until h< gained an apartment, vast, gloomy and verj scantily provided with crazy antique furni tare. A bed at one side the room looked dark and hearee-like, and its proportions ta the eye of the arcist seemed fit for a company of light infantry, who might pre yiously have sat down together to sup it the fireplace, where four green logs wen making asthmatic attempts at a smoke The waUe were bung with torn arras, anc there were half-a-dozen portraits of formei owners of Castle Ballyran. At the farther end of the room from the bed Darrell observed a door, that apparent!} opened into some lesser chamber. Profound quiet now reigned throughout the old building, and, swinging his lautern to and fro, Will Darrell was stepping to the (door that had attracted his attention when he was startled by a loud sigh and the tapjbap of tiny feet as though a child was runping across the floor. 4 1 So the ghosi* are beginning the game. I never beard yet that phantoms required fires to warm themselves by, and, as thie apartment was certainly not intended for my bed-chamber, situate as it is in the •uninhabited part of the castle, the matter, $D#ay the least of it, looks suspicious. I made up my mind to have a squint at old Mike's phantom, and it appears to me my curiosity respecting the female ghost is very likely to be gratified." Soliloquising thus, Will Dan ell, undeterrred by the sound of a faint moan, boldly made for the door fronting the hearse-like bedstead. The means of egress to this chamber being on the latch the bold young artist threw it back on its hinges, starting and uttering an exclamation of wonder as he caught sight of the figure of a young woman. A lovely woman, habited in a white dress, and who by her attitude as she stood staring at the intruder, whilst in her astonishment and alarm grasping for support the back of an easy American chair, was as surprised and confounded as he was. For a moment Will Darrell stood upon the threshold, staring in amaze at the beautiful vision before him, and then with a loud laugh made a dash forwards, as the woman with a shriek bounded away like a young fawn out through an opening in the wall at- the back of the chamber. A huge panel having been slid aside by an unknown hand, the fair occupant had at once availed herself of this retreat opened to her. About to follow the substantial phantom, the young Irishman was seized in the grasp of a ahock-headed Irishman, who, with a broad grin upon his tanned and humorous features, exclaimed: " Whist, yer honour ! be aisy ; Fve seen Mike, he tould me as ye meant to sae the phantom of the castle, and, bedad I you've frightened the banshee instead of her frightening you. Shure, but come, Musha, it's all the boys as'll be glad to sae yer honour." " Humph • I think I understand matters. However, lead on my friend, Fli follow !" ejaculated Darrell, ab once unhesitatingly treading in the footsteps of his guide. Threading their way onward through the deserted chambers, they presently reached a roofless tower, and from thence descended a long winding staircase leading to the crags. Over these was Darrell conducted by his guide, he knew not whither, hearing only the bellowing of the ocean, and the scream of the sea-bird. At length a dark object seemed to oppose further progress, but the Irishman thrust the brushwood aside, and led the way on through a narrow winding passage, apparently hollowed out of the rocks. A loud ehout now broke upon the ears of 'Darrell, and the next instant he was in the centre of a~ wild group who welcomed him jwith uproarious cbee«* and boisterorus mirth to the smugglers' cave of Ballyran. With a laugh as hearty as their own, •Will Darrell seated himself upon a keg, and much to Uie deliglit of his rough companions gulped down a glass of pure potheen that he felt assured had never paid duty. The story was soon *old to the amused young artist; Castle Ballyran, offering admirable facilities for head-quarters, Dan R&Serly;'a smuggler band had decided to spread the report of the building being haunted. Norah, the chiefs daughter, a romantic, bold young colleen, consenting to enact the role of phantom. Surprised, however, that night by the new lord of the castle, we have seen how the young lady ghost ran for it, instead of mirthfully be> holding the flight of her victims. The carouse of the smugglers and their honoured guest was kept up till early morn, Will Darrell deriving much amusement from the confusion of the agent and old Mike, who both had, of course, been in league with the smugglers. We never heard if the smuggler band after this discovery dispersed to " fresh fields and pastures new," but we do know that Will Dairell became the husband of the pretty phantom of Castle Ballyran. t t c m m s w a b h o 