Patient Lovers. . Bx FBAKK BARFIELD, M.A., Lloyd» Wetihj Newspaper, A little group of fishermen and pilot stood at the shore end of the granit slip which Pengerrick islanders, fror a sense of what was due to their ow; self-respect, dignified with the nam of quay. They had interrupted : desultory conversation to look at : small boat which, pulled by a pair o oars, was entering the rocky bay. I was brushing the sunlit water vigorously aside in a style whicl spoke volumes for the strong arms o the solitary occupant of the craft. " Alfred," said one, " is in a rap hurry to let Nancy and her mothe know that her grandfather's stocking filled at last. He told me tbi morning that his last catch of pollocl would about do the job." " His grandfather's stocking ?" sa» Billy Bangs, a young, shifty-facec man, somewhat smarter and mon alert looking than the others. Bill; had been abroad a good deal an< wore less of the leisurely longshore air than they did. " He can't be hal: up-to-date, with a hank down a Minalto Island, too." "You let Alfred alone," growle< the other. " Alfred's a proper sort o: chap, and would trounce half a dozei of you any day." " I daresay, Abraham," repliée Billy Bangs, " and swallow that yan that you were a' tellin' about 1}ncl< Alec's ghost meeting the'ould squire'/ and chasing 'un off Pengerrick." " You may a' been to 'Araburg an Koo York and 'Ongkong, Billy Bangs but you don't know everything, no by a long chalk," retorted Abraham and Alfred's a good old sort, and I'n glad his stockings full, and when he'i spliced to Nancy there's no one'I wish 'em a joyfuller good luck thai me." ' Billy Bangs did not relish the tun the conversation had taken, so sullenly filling his cutty he lit it, and lounged up the rugged path which led to hit cottage,' musing the while on thc contrast between his own case and that of Alfred Trenear. " Scarcely put his foot out of this place," said he. "Been a-hangin' about the rockB after pollock all thu time, and has made his pile and kep' it in his stocking. There'll be a comfortable home for him an': Nancy, while you, Billy Bangs, who knows a thing or two more'n most, 'll have to go on the trot again." ' Alfred Trenear having moored his boat came leisurely up the slip. In dark trowsors, blue woollen jersey, and peaked cap, he looked not quite his sis feet. Bending over paddle's, watching whiffing lines day' after day and year after year. leaves even a young man at the end not quite aa erect. and square- shouldered as a guardsman. Yet be had a pleasant, not undistinguished, look. The nose waa high-bred, sensitive, and shapely, aquiline enough for a war chief, and ithe eyes which flanked the bridge, of it were keen,; bright, and humorous. He nodded nonchalantly.to the group of quizzical, good-natured faoea'; - "Ia everything settled alb right, Alfred ?" asked Abraham. ' . "I got nothin' to complain of this time, thankee, Abraham;" said Alfred. " We'll be hearin' the banns culled soon, I'm thinkin'." "Wasn't'that Billy Bangs went up the slip :a'fore -I come along?"'-he replied, smiling shyly at his evasion of Abraham's question. " Yes. He's been runnin'- down the story about Uncle Aleo. an' the ould squire havin a turn-to up on the light-house green,, aayin' what . an expanded mind he've got." " Nothin' else about 'un don't seem very expanded," retorted Alfred.. . " I " don't/ cotton to all that sneerin' jabber. I warrant Billy would bolt with the best of us if he met Uncle Alec out on the downs after dark." " And the stocking's full, Alfred?" Alfred nodded a smiling good-bye to the group. The stocking was a bit of an open secret among the few primitive folk of Pengerrick island; out, when all was said and done, it .was à secret, and he would not be drawn about his matrimonial hoard for the delectation of Tom, Dick, and Harry.. He was not put out by the half-chaffing curiosity. 3?ar from it.' His heart was light thia afternoon of summer-like spring. He had toiled so many years for BIB Rachel, with no crafty Laban to overlook him, however. His pastures had been the ocean as it swelled around the submarine ledges in the neighbourhood of Pengerrick, or the sea-washed bases of many a dark cairn. , Peninnis, the Stivel, Nut Bock",'Deep'Point had .often looked down on the unwearying ; beat of his paddles and the nodding, canes wbioh, on either side his boat, towed the gutta-percha-baited hooks at the end of the long whiffing lines. ¡Not that he made his living and his pile, too, on pollock. A few acres round his cottage gave him his'daily'' bread, the pollock made the stocking- hoard ; and Nancy's mother, Mrs. Lee, had fixed the sum which that Btocking must contain before.Bho parted with Nancy. Hence the poetry of those aquatic labours, most fruitful in hours of dawn . and gloaming. And now, he had the goal well in sight. He was thinking of all this, and BO oheering did it make him that, BB ho. puned Billy Bang's cottage, he sent an almost cordial- greeting to that travelled Pengerricker, distasteful as he WOB to him. When' he . arrived at his - , own dwelling he went up into tho bedroom at once, even before laying aside his cap or doffing his jeney, and walked ' straight to the bed-head. Slipping his hand into a cunningly-contrived pocket in the bolster be drew out a \- long . worsted stocking, the foot of which had a bulged and heavy look. This he carried to a Bmall chest of drawers, and poured out the contents -a shimmering pile of white and Íellow, gold and silver mixed. Then e drew a canvas bag from bia pocket . and added what it oontained to the. other, money. He counted the whole and it struck him that he waa getting nervous towards the end of the tale, for he actually fancied that be heard a step on the stairs. Yea ; it waa right. One hundred and fifty pounds, with a solitary sixpence over. He would make a brooch of that sixpence and Nancy should wear it in memory of thia happy consummation of their loDg:deferred hopes. He put the money, the whole except the memorial sixpence, back in the holster again. Having done this he proceeded to roll up hiB sleeves and make other preparations for a good wash and thorough smartening. After that, tea, and then he would call on Nancy and make the formal solemn announcement of the great financial fact to her mother. How Nancy Lee, the bright, the bonny, the buxom, the blue-eyed, beamed on her lover from the gate of the little island farmhouse. " Come in at once and tell mother," cried the happy girl. Mrs. Lee looked up from knitting a substantial-looking "comforter," as Alfredfcame radiantly in. She was a precise, cold-mannered woman with large, dark, unsearchable eyes. Unless they were to dilate with anger they were no ready signallers of inward' emotion. " "What's the best news to-night?" asked she. "Alfred's saved the hundred "and fifty pounds at last," broke in Nancy. " Yes,", said Alfred ; " and I'm thinkin' it's about time me and Nancy had the banns put up." " You're not going' to let the grass grow under your feet, it seems," said Mrs. Lee. "When you're older you, and Grace'll know I've been prudent and done all for the beat. It's given time for your affection to mellow." " There waa Dick Madron," said Nancy, " Down at Minalto. He and Miss Stephen's affection mellowed for twenty years, until it-until he married somebody else." \- "And are you going to marry any- body else, Alfred Trenear?" aBked Mrs. Lee, in solemn , tones. " Not if I knows it," said the patient pollocker, gallantly, and he added, by way of poetical afterthought, ' There's none like Nancy Lee, I trow, yo, ho.' " "? "Get along, Alf," saidNanoy. " In that case," said Mrs. Lee, " I'd like to have that money counted out before me. Not that I doubt .your word, Alfred, but I've never 'seen a penny of it yet, and ' seeing's believing,' as the saying is." . . ' 1 "Eight you are, Mrs.Lee," replied Alfred.. " I don't see why I shouldn't give you and Nancy the treat' of seeing it. Money's money, and . the lot of it altogether makes a fine show." ?': - ' . " I'd so! like," said Nancy. Alfred wasted no more words. He was out of the house and garden in a jiffy, andi climbing a rough stone ledge, took a short cut through a field of narcissus and a potato patch to his cottage. It was now dusk; so that he had to walk gingerly for fear of damaging the lilies. He reached the cottage at last. A minute more and he was fingering his bolster. He fingered, he patted, he shook it. He took it to the window. It was np good.; The stocking was gone, and with it one hundred and fifty pounds. He was sure he put it in the stocking. Yet, after the manner of people to whom such unpleasant surprises come, he hunted high and low. in all sorts of likely and unlikely places. Then the grim truth burst upon him that he had been robbed. But by whom? And as -, it was not a very long qr' difficult task, he ran through the Pengerrickers ,one by one, but there 'was none whom he liked to charge even in his mind-with so mean and disgraceful and unkind au act. How- ever, Nancy and her mother must be told, and so, shutting the cottage door behind him, he made his way back. Nancy was the picture of sympa- thetic distress, less for herself than for Alfred,"* to whom her whole heart' went out, in compassion. Mrs. Lee's dark eyes dilated a little, then became cold and calm. ? "You must wait'another seven years, like Jacob," said. she. " ' " . Alfred groaned, and Nancy's eyes grow moist. ? .'- ? ?.??<-. ' " But if it's stolen ; everybody's house should be searched, as they .were when the golden guineas was taken out of Aunt Martha's box, years before your time. But; they was never found." . ' rv > "She -lost a tidy bit ?" said Alfred. " It must have been, " said Mrs. Lee, calmly. " She was always a saving woman, and she said she wouldn't have missed 'em if it had been only a handful or two." So the three sat consulting till Mrs. Lee thought it was .time for all good folk to be in bed. ". -'"';, . . Alfred took a depressing farewell of them both, promising to arouse Pen- gerrick to;a search .by a committee of trusty islanders in the morning. He felt, however, .that for him bed was out of the question. . He. could not sleep under the immediate.shadow of that crushing ; disappointment. He wandered indifferent to possibilities of the " óuld " squire and Un ole Alec along sand hills and around and over solitary : cairns. ' Then _ he. turned his steps as -the . dawn-shimmer showed itself in the East towards the island quay. To do this he passed the dwelling of Billy Bangs. There was a light moving in the cottage. Even in his trouble ' his. sense of humour was not dead. He would test Billy Bangs's contempt for ghosts. - So he crept on tip- toe up to the window where the light flickered. He could see the traveller crouched in the corner of a room. Now ? was his chance. He drew himself together for a yell of power. ; ' v : . '' " Bbo-boo-boo, Billy 1" he bellowed. Bangs gave a cry and bolted into an inner ' apartment, while Alfred, ohuckling at his clever demolition of a sceptio, entered in triumph. ' He bent to piok up the spluttering candle, and there, bj the side of a hastily-hollo wed pit in the earthen floor, he found his stocking. Then he saw daylight, and understood. It was plain to him that Bangs, haring stolen the money, had suddenly bethought him that a search would be made, and so had been about to hide the plunder. " You're not afraid of ghosts, Billy Bangs ?" he asked, a moment later, of I the cowering thief, who was quaking under his bed-covering. " It's h'atavi8m," said Billy. " And what do you call that, h'ata vism, too ?" cried Alfred, showing the stocking. He put the same question a moment later with a more vindictive emphasis, as the air was swished by the whirl of a rope's end. But Billy Bangs, for answer, only howled. And so half Pengerrick was aroused that morning by a lusty carol as Alfred passed to his cottage, singing : " And trim and bright, from morn till night, my home sholl be, And every day when I'm away she'll pray for me. Yo ho, lads, ho." Billy Bangs, it map be added, made himself scarce, his Vatavism " driv- ing him to seek oblivion in travel once more, so that he was absent from that happy wedding of Alfred Trenear and Nancy Lee at which a few weeks later all Pengerrick assisted. 