THE NOVELIST. " All's Well that Ends Well." CHAPTER IV. ' Mon Dll'.u,' exclaimed liis brother. . '.-You have a .singular tasto. Put tbo little Putty is enchanting. Did you see Iter pretty litl-lo feet, as small as those of iiuitner, only nor snno.s arc noi so picuv. There is something which draws my heart to the little Petty. She looks so good in n 1 kind and guv. 1 am convinced it was she, the mischievous one, who taught the. parrot to say, 1 You arc a cat.' nlic, lad it was funny, that 'You area cat," —and Victor leaned against tho bridge, L-tugliing heartily. 'The most interesting part of the whole business to my mind,' said Dudley after a ' pause;'',' is the sudden appearance of tho cousin. ' Francesea Revelsworth l-'ino -name that, suggestive of a splendid per sonality. Ten to one therefore that she is plain and stump'. If I remember rightly, our undo Harold was married some years .before I was born. Probably tlie fair Fi-ancesea is a bony old maid — or fat, perhaps. Italians often run to noses and fat in middle life.. ' But why call her Italian,' protested Vletor. 'She is no more all Italian than I am all French. I have seen the portrait of her mother tho eontessa. She was adorably handsome, and our cousin Francesea will be adorably handsome also ; for was nut our undo Harold in all ilis port raits a superb man, tall as a giant, with blond moustache ami whiskers. Tiens— remember well wluit the ' Initio Mother' prophesied. Did she not say that our uncle Harold would have left one beautiful daughter, and that we should fall in love with her and marry her, and divide the fortune between us.' 'Put we can't both marry her,' laughed Dudley. ' But we shall ljoth fall in love with her, and she shall choose. You will make court to her in your sober manner, and will sue, '.My excellent cousin, T esteem you, f admire von, 1 think you are very nice. Will you he Mrs. Dudley Bevels- worth.' Ami 1 — T shall ling myself upon the ground at her feet, and kiss the hem of her gown, and 1 shall say, 'Adored angel. 1 die if you will not have pity o n me. All, you ure beautiful as a star in the skies, us a rose in the month of June.' 'Then we will decide it in the English fashion mi,' -taking a coin from Ids pocket and .spinning it on the side of tho bridge. ' Vuyons,' he cried. 'Heads,! marry the beautiful cousin : tails, she marries you. Herns - it is tails, .me cousin is your, and T drown myself.' And. to the extreme surprise of the passers-by, Victor proceeded to slap his brow in eli'ecled anguish, and to make a pretence of springing upon the parapet of the bridge, until drugged uwuy towards tin.' village by his brother. Long afterwards that scene came hack upon the hitter's mind witli strange and sinister significance. The spring sunlight glinting across the water as it Mowed from the weir, the cool breeze which had sprung up in the late afternoon Muttering tho young leaves on the poplar-trees, the hustle and life imparted even in this early period of the year by a few omnibuses and cliar-ii-bans now starting homewards to London, and the mellow red of Wulsey's palace above tho river-bank— all these details of the picture would Mash upon Dudley's brain, to form a background to his brother's happy face as, ignoring what destiny held for him, he jested in the sunshiue on Ilamptun Court Bridge on that memorable, afternoon. By twenty minutes to seven they had made u few purchases, hud strolled beyond the lo.-k and buck, lingered hv the Green, watching the horses and donkeys grazing tlmre, and had finally (Kissed through the weather-heat en red-brick gute-posls, topped by their lichen-covered globes, into llie narrow paved path between the llower-lieds which led to the front-door of their aunt's house. This they found to he ajar. Tn the passage a lady stood with her hack to them, conferring with the man-servant, whom the brothers now saw for the first time. This personage was short and spare, with features which bore an odd caricature likeness to those of Francis I. of France. A long Jewish nose overhung a sarcastic mouth, and suspicion and unbelief slmne from liis light twinkling eves. So I am to say 'Miss Revelsworth,' am T, miss.'' he was iiopiiring in slow rasping tones. Hearing him, Victor and Dudley glanced ipiickly at each other. In another moment, before the feet of either brother had crossed the threshold, tho lady turned and faced them, and, witli a shock of mingled dismay and delight, Dudley recognised the heroine of his adventure at the theatre on the preceding evening. CHAPTER V. fiiaxcksca Hi:vi:i.swoitrii's face was towards the light, that of Dudley's was in tlie shadow. 1 le, for his part, could hardly control his astonishment at sight of her ; hut no glimmer of recognition shone from her large blue eyes as she iixed them iip|iiirhigly upon his face. Was it. possible, he asked himself, that there were on this earth two women of such ipicenly beauty, or that those shining blue eyes should find their counterpart in any other woman's face ? J for ilress was ultogether unlike that worn by the heroine of last night's ad ven ture. The close bonnet and voluminous black veil, the shabby black gown and all-eonccaltng cloak, which disguised tho charms of the blue-eyed lady at the variety theatre, were conspicuous by their absence, and Francesea Kevclsworth's ndmirably- inouldcd figure was set off to full ud vantage by a gown of close-fitting fawn-coluurcd homespun, fawn- coloured .Suede gloves, a handsome sable collarette, and a large black 'picture' hat trimmed with ostrich- feathers. She loolced many years younger than . the lady of last night : the daylight could find no llaw in her perfect fairness or in tiie satiny smoothness of tho texture of lier skin, while her hair, of which she appeared to have an abundant quantity wus silky as a. child's and in colour a rich auburn. But for her eyes, which held the utten- . tion riveted, a man's gazo might have lingered, so Dudley thought, in wonder ment and pleasure over tho other beauties of her l'ucc, the low broad brow, the delicately-drawn brown lines above the) eyes, tho long lashes, dark in the shadow but gleaming golden in tlio light, the straight nose, the delicate nostrils, tho short, almost too short, curved upper lip, and tho mouth clear in oittlino and of a vivid rod in colour, tlie full under lip surmounting a round white cliin and throat of creamy fairness. She was — she must be more beautiful than the woman of yesterday, more lxsiutiful than any woman who had ever lived, this splendid Franeesca llcvelsworth ill whom English health and strength and fairness were blended with Italian grace and charm. It seemed to Dudley that a century had been passed in contemplation of her before lie heard a sweet voice, the voice of last night, say with a pleading inflection — 'Can you tell me whether T can see Mrs. Revelsworth ? I cannot make this person understand who I am.' 'After twenty years,' Mrs. Revels worth's man-servant said, in harsh rasping tones, ' the placo is alive with Rcvclsworths. My mistress would have told me if a yonng lady called Revelsworth had been expeetcd. All she told mo about was two young gentlemen — these two, if I'm not mistaken — hut not a word about a lady ; and my mistress never sees strangers.' Francesea looked at Wclldon, the hard- faced man-servant, with a gracious pitying smile. Then again her great eyes sought Dudley's face, and he felt eon- strained to answer their appeal. 'You nro Miss Francesea Revelsworth, are you not,' ho said ; and at tlie first sound of his voice lie fancied that lie detected a faint, a very faint, look of surpriso and alarm flash across her face. ' Mrs. Revelsworth expects you, T know. Will you let me introduce myself and my brother. Wc are your cousins, I believe.' ' My cousins. I am so glad to meet you. Mr. Simpson told mo my uncle Dudley left ' two hoys ' ; hut lie did not say they were grown men.' She smiled sweotly as she spoke, and, standing thero on tlie threshold of tho house, she extended her two slender gloved hands, one to each brother, and looked at each other in turn. Dudley was not desirous of believing she was the woman lie hud seen on the preceding evening ; and yet he could not fail to note, as he returned her gaze, the same peculiarity in it. as he hud remarked in that of the woman last night — a curious luminosity, us though the light enine from within and not from without the brilliant eyes. When she smiled, as she was doing now, the light seemed intensified, for the smile liegnn in her eyes, and her red Jip.s were scarcely curved at nil. She held the hand of each brother a moment in a linn clasp. Although she did nut appear lo be more than twenty years of age, there was no trace of shyness in her manner, which was full of a gracious dignity and charm. Even the stolid Wclldon, who was looking on sardonically at the meeting between the cousins, was fain to admit to the housemaid later that they all 'carried it off uncommonly well.' ' For what's the real attitood under all that Mummery.' Mr. Welldon said. 'The money's got to go to some one of those three. D'ye think tliev love each other any the better for that. How much d'ye think I should love you or cook if you stood between me and a million of money.' All this- comment on Mr. Welldon's part however came afterwards. At- the time lie wns constrained to fall hack in the narrow hall and make way for the two typically-handsome and finely-built Revelsworths, Fraiieesaand Dudley, anil for the smaller, slighter frame of Victor. In her felt hat and waving plumes Francesea looked hut. little shorter limn her elder cousin, her natural five feet nine being brought bv means of her dress to something near his level of six feet one. 'There's no house built yet cilkvlated to hold them two,' was Mr. Welldon's mental decision as he peered contemp tuously up at them from his elevation of five feet four. He was intensely annoyed, after all these years of comparative peace, of daily grumblings to his mistress, fault-finding witli his i>oy, and nagging at the woman- servants, to have the house invaded by these unexpected and undesirable rela tions. Had they been inoffensive little people, their incursion would have been still sufficiently objectionable ; hut the bigness and the beauty of two out of tlie three, and their air of dominant health, high spirits, and determination tried Mr. Welldon's temper to its utmost limit. He did not know, as lie afterwards asserted, what room to show tliein to ; lie laid no orders on the subject, and lie might linvc left them .standing ill the hull for an indefinite period hod not littlo Betty Mannington, hearing strange voices, darted down tlie shallow oak staircase to the rescue. Tn front of Francesea she slopped short, drew a long breath, and uttered an exclamation of astonishment. ' Do T frighten von because T am so tall,' Miss Revelsworth asked, looking down upon her with a kind smile. ' N-o. You tool; my breath away because you are so beautiful, ' little Betty answered frankly, and the brothers laughed at her naivete. 'Are you Miss Francesea Revelsworth,' she went on. 1 Won't Mrs. Kevelsworlli he proud of you. T am Betty Maiiniiigton, her com panion ; my father was Mrs. Revelsworth's cousin. Will you come to my muni to take your hat off. Mrs. Revelsworth wants you to stay to dinner. Let me show you the way. Wclldon, please show the gentlemen their rooms ; and, .Susan, you ring the first dinner-hell, please.' The brother's rooms were on the second Moor, to which uccoss was gained through a felt-covered wing-door exactly facing the door of Mrs. Revels worth's sitting- room on the first Moor, The staircase to tlm second Moor was steep and narrow, and led down by a Might of stairs used by the servants to the extensive kitchens and olliees built out at the hack of old house, and upwards by a still narrower Might to two spacious attics, with dormer windows built into the shilling roof. The two rooms assigned to Dudley and liis brother hud clearly once formed hut one spucions apartment, the partition between tlicm, in which was a door, being formed of unsubstantial lath and plaster. Tho outlock from the windows on to the Green and the avenue of chestnuts bordering the Palace walls, wns pleasant in the extreme ; hut there wns a damp musty smell about the rooms, as though they had been unoccupied for a long time, uud the furniture wus both scanty and shabby. A largo old-fashioned four-post mnhognny liedstead, destitute of sheets nnd hung with dusty crimson rep, stood against the wall of the .smaller apartment, which had no outlet save through the one with which it communicated, a marble- topped wushstniid and a rickety mahogany chair upholstered with moth-eaten green velvet completed the furniture ; -while in tho larger room a capacious mahogany wardrobe, a painted ileal chest of drawers and w.-ishslaiid, ami iron liedstead, and a horse-hnir sofa made up the impromptu suite, nnvarni-hed hoards, covered in the parts only hv si-rap-, of carpet of different, sizes ami patterns, emphasising (he bare ness of the looms. 1 Allons - this is delightfully English,' cried Victor. 1 It is like tho romances I used to read at school on the sly, witli coloured pictures on the covers. The old house, the marvellous grim chatelaine, with her dogs and her parrots and her diamond-rings, tlie insulting old seneschal, and, us a finish, the four-poster. All my life I have wanted adventures, hut, if I sleep in the four-poster, I feel that they will como to me. White ladies with long coiffures will enter and gazo at me mourn fully — enchanting ladv-ghosts, who will keep mo awake telling mo their littlo family secrets. All, it is true, is it not, that you have have ghosts V His Inst words were addressed to a neat- looking young woman with a turnod- up nose and a self-satisfied expression who at that moment tupped at the door and entered the room, carrying a can of hot water. At Victor's unexpected question .Susan the housemaid grew red and white by turns. 'Really, sir, I can't say,' she replied, after a moment's hesitation. 'They tell stories about all old houses — and, anyhow, this isn't the haunted room.' ' But which room is then haunted.' 1 Oh, how should I know, sir. They're only tales, of course. It's only Joe who has really seen niiythhig— -nnd boys will say anything, you know, sir.' With that the young woman hastily quitted the room, as though she wished to avoid further questioning, leaving Victor in a state of great excitement and delight. 'But this is excellent,' he exclaimed. ' T must speak to this .Toe ; lie must introduce me to this ghost. All my life I have wished to make the ocquaiutauco of a ghost. Tf tlie ghost is a lady, and not too old or too ugly, we will give her lessons in French. I n return she will tell us the interesting little scandals of her time ' 'What do you think of cousin Fran cesea,' Dudley asked, abruptly inter rupting liis brother's guv chatter. For once Victor paused before re living. He affected to lie absorbed in the vigorous ablution of liis face, hut tho little subter- fugo to gain time did not deceive Dudley, who waited patiently with contracted brows and set attentive expression for liis brother's reply. It came at last, in low impressive' tones. ' I eaiinut .-.peak of her — I can only think of her. Mon Dieu — how beautiful she is.' 'There connul he two opinions as to that,' said Dudley, still frowning and speaking half to himself. (to ii k continukd.) 