CHAPTER III. An Introduction. OJIE, 'Walter,' said my motlier, 'I want,to in troduce you to the prettiest girl you. ever saw. But first brush your hair, and- be , quick, . for they will'be going.' , ■ ■ .J went. downstairs and entered the drawing-room chyly, for ifNI was" pre- i cocious by atr<»3 of association with my elders, I trust and bolievo tbat I wa, neither forward nor impudent. . ' Oh, this is your son, Mrs. Lone. more ?' said Mrs. Stuart, extending her hand to mo. * She wns a dcoidedly handsome womaa between five-and-thirty andforty, quietly but well dressed.' Her hair was fair and ' plentiful, and hor figure as good as if she' had been two-and-fwontv. Beside her sat a young girl of my own" ago, and I whs approaching Mrs. Stuart to shake bands when, on glancing at this'child, I stopped dead, staring 'with fear and wonder, just as I had stopped dead whonlsaw the phantom, of the pond My agitation was so extreme that I trembled ns to a Budden blast of cold wind. Mis. Stuart looked at me as if she " believed I-.was deranged, and would in - a minute fall down upon the floor in ii * T fit of epilepsy; ' . '"What is the. matter with you," Walter.?' cried my mother. I hacked away to, hor side, and said, >; pointing to the child, She is the girl I- -: saw in the pond.1 • What do you say?' exclaimed my mother; depressing my arm, fori'coai - tinued to point.;' • ■' She is the girl I saw in the pond,' said I, with a half-blubbering noto in my voice. ...... . 'What is it all about ?_ What has my Belle got to do with the pond?'■ i cried Mrs. Stuart, in a manner that would have made me .see, dmd I been older, that she was Tew-aqpentUtoaa.'):-' .' There is a pond in the tower garden,': ; answered my mother, 'and Walter soma time ago thought he saw a figure stand- . ing dn the pedestal where there is no shape or image for a fountain.' ' like my Belle ?' half shrieked Mrs,' .. Stuart to me. •Tcs,' I answered. ' 'Sho is tho ; same, only littler.' ; ' v v 'How very extraordinary!' exclaimed Mrs. Stuart in a sort of gasp, after a ; moment's pause. 'Come andjook at . Belle close, and tell me" if aho is-like. what you saw.'' 'I can see-her from here,' eaid I, sticking to ray mother. 'It is certainly strange,' said my mother, in a .somewhat low and mysterious' voice, ' that Walter should" net only have seen the ghost over-night" . on the pedestal, hut that he should have j fumbled in next day, and then' seen it' in the water where he was almost drofraed.' Mrs., Stuart breathed deeply, and repeated, ' How very extraordinary! Are you sure it wasn't the figure of a little boy yon saw ?' ] ' Ho,' I answered, ' it was a woman,. : just-the same as that girl, only she is. ; littler,' and I' pointed again, being greatly agitated, and again my mother, put down my arm. . - 'I nevor heard anything so extra-.. . ordinary,' said Mrs. Stuart)' turning to , • look at her child, who, with her fcct.off. the floor, sat beside her mother staring at mo fixedly with precisely the expres sion of the phantom. Indeed, it was.. : not to be gathered by her looks that she knew she was concerned in this - talk. • 'The thing is easily explained,' said . my father. ' A hoy suffering from had . , digestion passes alone through a moon lighted" garden; ho thinks he seos a ; ghost; 1 wonder ho didn't see twenty. The impression he receives is such that when the next day he tumbles mto the : pond, his brain reproduces the image of, ; the provious evening.' -'Hid you. ever dream 'of Master Walter, Belle?' asked Mrs. Stuart,..-..... • ' Ho,'answered the little gill. \- ' Have you ever seen him' before ? ■ - ' No,'she replied. ; • ~. 'Have .you' -ever mot her before now V she inquired, addressing me. , 'Hot before'that night,' I answered. ■ 'I nevor heard anything so strange, said Mrs. Stuart. ' How old is Master "Walter?* and she looked atmevriiha. singular expression, as though I,had ; been a mummy or something strange, and frightful, like an Asiatic god m show. . - ■ ; ' -'He will ho eight in February, an swered my mother, . 'Six months older than Belle. . J10?.-- . again at my little daughter, Walter,' said ahe, ' and • tell me if yon ; see the same likeness you saw wljfiB TAB- - first came into the room.' ; ' It's'the same,'I answered. - i : ' [to an ooimnnah naxr irassj ...■■• ; 