Er-'-r-* — — ? -MfTHSWSON'S IN nsffliK fib. r ? ? ? : ? ':'', ' {By Ernest Favenc.) '''' ' *' ' ' ijf »^ID I ever tell about . -sa^KmT g jM&tthewson;'s invisible jgSajjHK. * ? ^ pig? asked Jim of^ae ?^f-HMKBffiBWJIfc No, is it worth hear r^^^sSHlillBB*^^ j^S' °r not?1 *'^33H^E2£i»^ Well, that depends ^?Ea^a^SB^r whether you choose to believe it to be a true story or only a yarn. I assure you that it e as true as gospel; but there have been some people iwho have had the cheek to say it's not true. Sammy Greenup amongst them. Not the -Q-reenup who sold his farm because he believed the -world was coming to an end. But a brother of his, and the very biggest-sized liar in the district; got a yarn he tells about a knock-kneed duck, and swears that it's a fact. I'd be ashamed to tell such a thing. Matthewson had a prize sow, which he was very proud of, and some say that he thought more of her than he did of his wife and family. Any way, he made an awful fuss about her. Well, she had a fine litter of young pigs, and Matthewson went about as proud as a dog with a new gilt tail, calculating what he'd make by these pigs, and boring the soul out of everybody to come and look at them. I went, and a fine lot of young suckers they were, but Matthewson needn't have made such a song about it; other people had pigs as well as he. Well, we were looking at the piggies, and Matthewson had just gone into a calculation as to what money he would make out of them -when I heard a little squeak behind me. I looked round, couldn't see anything, and thought I must have made a mistake, and went on listening to Matthewson, who was just buying a new farm with the pig money, when I heard a squeak again. I turned round sharp once more — nothing there. 'I wish you'd listen to me, Jim, instead cf turning round and starting in that loony kind of .way,' says Matthewson. Just then there was a little, grunt right at my heels, and it felt like something sniffing at them. I turned round like a shot, Nothing there again. 'At it again,' he says. 'You-'ve been drinking, Jim Parkes, and got the jumps.' 'You're an everlasting teetotaller,' I said. 'Bu* there's something grunting and squeaking about my heels; can't you hear it?' 'No, I can't,' he said; 'and you put me out in my calculations.' I tried to listen steadily, but that grunting and squeaking kept on, and I had to back kick once or twice. ' ...... 'Jim,' he said, 'you tire me with your goings on. I've got a nip or two inside; come in and get one if you want to steady your nejrves, but own up like a man.' 'ATatthewson,' I replied,' 'I won't refuse. your offer, lor there's something going on I don't un derstand; but you know well enough I'm not a bcozer.' ' 'No, Jim, and I'll admit it; but you're very 3umpy for all that.' We went inside, and I had some whisky, and sat down and listened quietly to Matthewson de veloping into a millionaire, but all the time I was turning the occurrence over in my mind. When we went outside again we had another look at the pigs, and I listened, and presently heard a grunt and a squeal where there was no pig at all to be seen. 32ien the truth flashed on me. 'Matthewson,' I said, 'that old sow's a ven triloquist.' 'Jim Parkes,' he exclaimed, 'I won't allow any one, not even you, to call my prize sow names. She's no more a. ventriloquist than you are.' 'I didn't miscall your sow at all, but she's a ven triloquist for all that. Ever since I've been here I've been hearing grunts and squeals where it isn't natural for them to come from, so if she isn't a ventriloquist, and doing it for a lark, what's up?' 'Your nervous system is all upset, Jim. That's iwhat's up.' 'My nerves are as good as ever, but you're as deaf as a post, or you'd have heard the noises.' Then Matthewson got downright mad, for he really was a little deaf, but would never admit it, and didn't like it mentioned. We got to words, and I went away. Matthewson went about teil ing everybody how I was jealous of his sow, and said she was a ventriloquist, out of pure spite and envy. And the neighbors sympathised with him, and he got worse than ever about hia sow and her litter. By and bye, a. nephew of Matthewson's came up to' recruit. He'd been an a bad spree, and his people sent him up to his uncle's to get round. Well, he used to go down and look at the pigs and compare himself to the prodigal son, for he was in the repentant stage and very shaky, and one day he heard the grunting at his heels and couldn't see anything. So he ran, hard as he could lick, up to the house, and had a fit. Even this did not satisfy Matthewson that there was something queer about his sow; but he packed the nephew hdme, and said he wouldn't take charge of lunatics any more. However, the yarn got about, and people began to poke fun at his old sow, and he laid it all down to me. Said that everyone knew I was always blowing about what I knew about ghosts, and if there was anything wrong about the sow I must have be witched her, and he'd have the law of me and get keavy damages. Seeing how things stood, I was rather surprised to see him coming up to my place one day. 'Jim Parkes,' he said, 'you're not the one to bear malice; and for what I may have said about you I ask your pardon. There is something queer about those young pigs. It's not the sow; she's as good as gold, and her character hasn't a stain upon it; it's one of the young ones that's wrong.' 'What's up?' I asked. 'You thought the mother was a ventriloquist,' he went on , 'and I admit now you had some cause for your belief; but it wasn't her. Now come over and find out with me what it is, and beg her pardon.' Of course I went back with Matthewson to in vestigate. We had a bit of a job. They were all comfortably asleep', but we roused them up, and chivied them round a bit, for by this time they were pretty strong, on their legs, and after a while I says to Matthewson, 'How many grun ters have you?' 'Eight, by rights.' 'There's nine; but one of 'em's invisible.' Matthewson stared at me for a long time be tore he could take it 'n, but when something ran between his legs with a squeal, and he couldn't Bee it, he was satisfied. 'What shall I do?' says he. ? 'I've never done nothing to deserve this.' 'Why, you everlasting fool,' I said, 'it's a rare piece of luck. Why, an invisible pig's a rarity.' 'I suppose it is,' he replied, after thinking a bit. 'Anyhow, I never heard of the breed be fore. What's it called?' 'You jolterhead! It's never been heard of be fore. You can take the pig to any country in Europe, and get thousands for it. People will pay to see him.' 'They will, will they, Jim? Pay to see an in Visible pig that nobody can see. How do you make that out?' 'Well, it was just a figure of speech. The pig's 'worth more than all the others 'put together and the sow thrown in.' 'Pefhaps she may have an invisible litter next time, and that would mean something big. But I'd nave to keep the breed to myself, or they'd Bet too common. ' Matthewson was always thinking of money— nothing else seemed to in terest K-m much. 'How am I to secure them?' he says. 'I can't ear-mark or brand them. And everybody [Will glaim them.' He was getting quite silly over it, so I amused myself with hunting the invisible animal about to* make sure of his presence. It was not long before the yarn was all over the place, and peo ple came from all parts to hear the pig grunt. TEhifi worried the old sow considerably,- but she had to put up with it, and Matthewson got that conceited he could scarcely put his hat on. He had a photograph taken of himself with the invisible pig on his lap. Of course, he hadn't any pig on his lap In reality, and nobody never caught that pig, but it pleased people -to think so,.. and the photograph sold. Clergymen came, heaps --pf 'em. They all said it. was a wonderful manifestation of Divine Providence and a~ test!? mony of the truth of the doctrines of their par ticular church, and asked Matthewson for a, sub- scription. But he never gave them anything. Said they must excuse him 'because the responsi bility of the thing was wearing him to the grave, and he didn't think he'd have enough money left to- pay for his funeral. ' - . Ae that -pig grew- :aip' he was a very devil for mischief. Mrs. Matthewson and 1he girls said that life wasn't worth living. It was nothing but shrieking and equalling all over the house, with the invisible pig rooting unexpectedly round their ankles. They couldn't keep him out anyhow, for ?when they'd shut all the doors and congratulate themselves on being safe for a bit, they'd find they'd ehut- the invisible pig in ?with them, in stead of outside. - Several learned and scientific men came down to inquirelnito the matter, and wh«a«ver they m«t they -came to ihigh words/ Most of them refused to believe it, and said it -was a clever piece of Jugglery and ventriloquism; but some wrote long articles on it, and explained it to thedr satisfac tion. A lady medium said that it was a spirit called Major Mompue, whom she knew well, and she would make him materialise himself for £50. But Matthewson wouldn't allow -it— eaid that it ?wouldn't pay; the pig would only be an ordinary pig then. Other mediums came, and they all said: it was a- spirit of their acquaintance, and -wanted to know how Mattheweo-n -did it eo well.- But he wouldn't tell them, for a very good reason, be cause be had nothing to tell. . I puzzled my trains about it a good bit. I thought at times that it must be some kind of ghost trick or other, and presently I noticed that the pig always kept very quiet when I was up at Mattheweon's. I put this down to fancy, and got Mrs. Matthewson to take notice for me whether he was more frisky when other, people were about tban when I was, and she did, and confirmed my views on the subject. It's some sprightly old gaost, I thought, having a game. And when I saw that the old sow never noticed the invisible pig's presence or absence I was sure that I was right., I mentioned this '?fact to Matthewson, but he got. quite cross about it; and when I hinted that I'd undertake to expose the old fraud of a ghost he burst out: 'Now look here, Jim Parkes, I'll ihave none of your interfering. Who asked you to shove your oar in? Is it your invisible pig or mine? Answer me that, now.' ? . I got riled, and replied, 'As for that! that in visible pig don't belong to anybody. If he's yours, catch him.' 'I could catch him quick enough if I wanted to, and I'll trouble you to let my property alone.' 'I don't know if it as your property. Anyway, that old eow's not its mother.' 'Taking that old sow's character away again. I might have known what you were after. I'll ?bet you the next litter she has are ail invisible. Come now.' I laughed at him, but he annoyed me, all the same, and I determined to have a try, in spite of Matthewson. But the pig stuck close to the place, and I could never get a chance at him. I eaw that I'd been a fool to quarrel with Matthewson, so I determined to make it up with him. You may eay that I had no. business to interfere in the ?matter. If MattheVeon chose to have an invisible iPig about his place, surely it was his business. ?But you know how it is with me when there's any thing ghostly about — I must have my finger in the pie. So I laid my plans. First I went to Mat tbewson and apologised for being so hot the other day, and that I'd changed my opinion on the sub ject. I remanded him that I first found out that he had an invisible pig. I said I had thought of a way by which I pould prove that it was the old sow's pig, and not a common ghost; and that if I could do that, why, his fortune was made. Matthewson was touched at this, and we shook hands. We went up to the pig-yard and leaned on the logs, looking at them. 'What's that strange grunter you have?' I said suddenly. 'There's no stranger thefe,' says Matthewson. 'Yes there is,' said I; 'a razor-backed, long legged brute's got in from somewhere.' Matthewson looked, but couldn't see anything strange, and he began to grow uneasy. 'You're kidding me,' said he; 'you're gammon ing. I've no long-'legged, razor-backed animal.' 'By Jupiter, then, I can see the invisible pig at last — and a mangy, brute it is!' Ae I said this there was a squeal from the little pigs, and I knew I -was right, and that it was some old screw of a ghost up to his larks. Matthew son looked very downcast. 'If you can see him really, and he's such a ?mongrel, why, he can't be the old bow's,' he said, dejectedly.! : Matthewson wouldn't go back on his prize sow. I put my leg over the logs, and went into the yard, pretending I could see the pig all the time. Just then something ran between my legs, and down I went in the dirty litter. ' 'What did you do that for?' said Matthewson. 'That darned pig disappeared again, and ran b2 tween my legs,' I said, getting up, sulkily. But I wasn't sulky in reality, for I felt that that pig knew who I was, and meant what he did. Mat thewson laughed like anything. That settled it. A man who could laugh at nds friend being capsized in a pigyard was not deserving of consideration. Matthewfion might want to keep that invisible pig going, but henceforth :t was war to the knife bs tweeu the pig and I. Still the pig had the best of it, for I could only get near him with the assistance of Matthewson, and he did not altogether trust me. 'This makes things doubtful,' I eaid to him when I was once more outelde the pig-pen. 'We must keep quiet about it. If the pig. is really such a brute as the thing I saw, he couldn't be the off spring of your well-bred sow, could he?' 'Seems not,' he said, 'but you won't say a word to anybody.' 'Not a word. But if J were you, I'd sell that sow. You'd get a big price for her, as the mother of invisible pigs.' 'I might, certainly; but, strictly speaking, I don't see much market value in invisible pigs. You can't kill and eat them, and what else are pigs good for?' 'That's the bow you and your brother had the dis pute over.' 'Yes. Poor Harry he used to have -queer notions. Would have it that sow was his, because he lent me the money to buy her, and I faaon't paid it back Before he died. Some people have queer ideas about money mattera.' 'They have,' I said. ? ? * « Now not far from me was a lazy galoot of a fel low who had a wife and a large family ail lazier than himself. He kept piga, mostly in the house. They were bred like racers, and lived principally on empty jam tins and broken crockery. I went down to him and borrowed a young pig. Before daylight I had him in Matthewson's pen. Matthewson ovcislept himself tiat morning. He had been dreaming of pig all night, when the red headed man, who was knockabout, rushed in and said that he had seen the invisible pig. Mattheweon was up like a shot, and ran to the pen. There sure enough was the steeplechaser. I'd put in there. I managed to be about pretty early that morning, and Matthewson seeing me in the paddock, e&oee;'d to me to come up. Up I went end found M&tthewson; and his red-headed man gazing, struck dumb, at the pig. 'He's a beauty!' I said. Just as I spoke there was a row in the pan. The real invisible pig seized the invisible impostor, and a curious fight ensued. . The visible pig could feel the other, but he couldn't see him, and though he fought and squealed and did his beet, he got spots knocked off htm. The invisible pig had him by the ear, and was dragging him round the yard, the others all singing out pen and ink. It was the most curious sight you ever saw to see that pig hauled along by nothing, protesting all the time. There was a lump of a sapling lying by the fence, and picking it up and judging just where the in visible pig must be, I landed him one on the back that must have astonished him. He let go with a loud squeal, and the other pig jumped the logs, capsized the red-beaded man, who was standing with his mouth open, and fled home. 'You've killed my pig, and by Jingo you'll pay for him.' 'Where's his dead body, anyhow?' I asked. There were high words, and Matthewson and I quarrelled again over the blessed pig. ? That night I was woke up by a noise Tn 'my' room, grunting and squealing, and enough row for forty pigs. . I guessed it was the invisible pig, and sang out to it. ' 'Who are you?' - 'I'm Matthewson's brother,' came back a human voice. ., , 'What's the matter with you?' 'I was just paying off that brother of mine for cheating me out of that sow, and what you wanted to interfere for I don't know.' 'What did you upset me for?' 'You began It. You thintf too much of your self, Jim Parkes. Who are you after all?' 'I'm not invisible, at any rate.' 'Well, I am. I thought it would scare thai bro ther of mine off the place, and, Instead of that, the old fool's as proud as anything 'about it. How can I get even with him?' I thought a bit. I knew there had been sharp practice between the brothers over that sow, but ithere seemed no sense in .the ghost of Harry play ing the fool. 'What dp you- want _te do?' . . 'I want him to sell that sow. It makes me rank sick to. watch him coddlikg her, -and talking about her, add carrying on so. I can't get my proper wast.' . 'How did you suppose you could do it by coming back as an invisible pig? Why did you not corns in your own shape, and .scare the soul out of him till he sold the saw, and gave the money away in charity?' - 'I must give up this pig racket, I 3ee.' 'Not yet; come and see me to-morrow night; I might think of something.' ! I went to sleep again, and the next day went over to Matthewson's. 'Pig come back?' I asked. 'Yes, but you've injurefi him severely. , f can tell it by his squeal. Sounds all out of tone. What sort of a game was it to belt an invisible pig with a sapling?' 'Well, the beggar capsized me,* didn't be?' .-'Served you right for calling him names. But Just listen to that squeal— haan't got half the music ia it that it had.' I couldn't tell any difference in it; tout Matthew-' son thought- he could. ? However, it' gave me. an idea. , ..... ' That night I told the ghost of Harry. Matthew son what to do, and he gave me a sample of his powers. . .'..?? -..-? - ... .I.. A day or two afterwards, Matthewson came down to me, and said he,: 'That1 fliere invisible pig's mighty queer.' He's .making th'e . mostj 'out- ? rageGus noises possible; and I can^t see-him or cateh'him to find out wfiat'sl the' matter with him.''' ' '? - ; --?:-/??-*? ????'i*-:---: ?^ . . ? ??? I went back with Matthewson; jaind tf all the rows' you ever heard that pig was making the most diabolical. ' It was like a mad' ioghorh phasing a railway whistle. You couldn't get awayVfrom it if you staffed your ears full, and put your head in a Bucket of water. :r.-: .;' 'He's got some sort of a fit now,' .said Mat thfwson, in a hollow tone of voice. 'TJmes he'« not so bad; times he's vorse.' Well, this went on till Matthewson got thin and haggard. He couldn't sleep for listening to the. moaning of the pig. 'I ^wouldn't mind if X could see him, and doctor him,' but to hear that animal suffering tortures, and not be able to physic him. It's killing me, Jim.' ??.'-. 'Do you think me and the girls' like it any better than you do?' put in Mrs. Matthewson, and I couid see that Matthewson was 'suffering. 'Better get rid of the sow; then the pig will go with her,' I suggested. . : He shook his head dismally, and I saw that if Harry kept.it up properly, he'd. give, in.- . Harry ; did keep it up. His groans and cries were the terror of the neighborhood, and Matthewson used to walk about bewailing the fact of not being able to doctor the pig. At last his wife would stand it no longer, and he tried to sell tbe sow. But no one would buy- her along with that horrible fog horn: At last a dealer came along, and as the ghost had the sense to keep quiet, he managed to get rid of her for about half her value. But it broke his heart, fairly broke his heart. And when the dealer came by again, and said he'd had no trouble with any noise, it was the last straw. He took to his bed. But he never knew that it was the ghost of his dead brother that drove him to an. early grave. AH through liking to get the best of' everybody, too. It's a bad failing for a mian to haye, though permissible in horse-dealing. 