SIFTINGS. We are glad to see that there is a feeling of re sentment amongst the public at'the partial closing of the post and telegraph offices on a public holiday euch as that of Monday last. 'The day was a bank holiday, but that was no reason why the business of the colony should be upset. In the case of _ountry newspapers telegrams could not be received in time for publication, and thus many people were deprived of the opportunaity of learn ing the latest news. As it happened, nothing im portant transpired, hut we presume it would have been the same had somcthilg cataclysmal occurred. Of course, nobody wishes -to see the otfficers of the department deprived of their due moed of holidays, but their interests could be studied without entailing a dielocation of business. On generally recogoised public holidays no one expects to find the public offices open, buct outoide a very smnall circle the bonk holiday has no influcnce, and very few people arc aware of the dates selectd. The Postmaster-General intends to look into the question, and while ihe is about it he should also pay some attention to the practice of gazatting public holidays in certain districts on the olightest pretext. Races, for instance, are held in a little village, and a holiday is gszetted to apply to the eleotorate, the consequenoc being that p-r sonsa visiting other towns iu the electorate to tran. sect banking and other business find that their journoy has been taken in vain. Public holidays ahould only bhe granted on important occasions, and after it ihas been shown that there is a desire on the part of a considerable section of the public to have the day gazetted. Some of the prime idiots with whom Australia is affliclted have of late taken to reviving the " ghost" scare. aoulburn has had itsshare, but, as nothing has been heard recently, it is probable that the very funny people who seem to think it the height of amusement to frighten women and children out of their senses have conceived the idea that some one is out after them with a gun " loaded for bear." Just now CUastlemains holds the posilion with a Fpectre which goes in for the thing on proper theatrical lines. With all the wainincs that have been pub lished and the cases cited ,howing the terrible etffeclts of fright upou people with weak hearts, the mas who practises such tricks should be shot at sight as one would shoot a mad dog. Loss of reason is not unlikely to follow a sudden shock of the description which follows the appearance of what purports to be a supernatural visitor. It is noticeable that those who play these so- called jokes generally select females or children for their victims, possibly know ing that if they tried to intimidate men they would run the risk of a sound castigation. If anything more is heard of the so.called ghost which has chosen North Goulburn for its playground the police force of the city would earn the thanks of the people by making special exertions to run the ruffisns to earth. 