Short Story. The Haunted Hut. Fouledod oil FacL ¥ , By CHRIS. DAHL. (Written for tlie " Evening Observer.") Will Warleljjh and myself luid been out shooting all the afternoon, and wheu tie evening shadows begau to liido the scenery from our eyes, and tlic blrin liftd ceased calling, we gathered to gether some wood and lit a flre. From a waiterhole near by we filled the " billy," and as the roaring flames sprang up we pulled a log over near the fire and sat down for a rest and to en joy the warmth, for the night air was chilly. The water was soon boiled, and I made some tea while Will got ready some broad and potted meat und Jam that we had brought with us. After tea I made tip the flre, piling a Tow big sticks on-for tliere was plenty of dead wood lying about where we had campeil-and then we stretched our selves out comfortably. We had Iteen reclining at ease for ten minutes, per haps, aud lmd not spokeu. It was too monotonous, I thought, for neither of us had complained of weariness, MO turn ing to Will 1 said : " Will, old niau, tell ine a yarn. Some thing about your old bush days, If you can." " Well," he replied, slowly turning to wards uie, " ] feel almost too laey to talk, and I could bask in front of this flre all night without moving, like a oat. But I will try and spin you a yarn W my droving days if Jt will interest yon." " I'lre ahead," 1 answered. " That's jiijff the isorf of a .varn to Interest tne." lie cleared 1i!s tihroat, pushed a piece of wood further into the fire with Ills foot, nnd then began : " It's about ten years ago now. und I remember It us well as If It was only yesterday. I was droving a sm.'tll mob of cattle, and my mute not being quite ready wjien 1 started 1 decided to go without lilui, leaving lilni to catcli up to me ou the morrow. It was a cloudy sky all day, anil wlien towards night time it commenced to rain I was not ut all surprised. I put on my oilskin when it first started to come down, but it wilts miserable riding tu tile rain. Itow ever, ive drovers are accustomed to take tilings pretty philosophically, and with my pipe turned upside down I rode be hind the rattle, patiently waiting till I reached the camping ground for the night-some three miles further on. My way 'there, however, just cut through the turner ot n run, aud ahead of me I saw through -the misty rain a hut looming into view, wlt.li a good yard at tached. Here wets a fine place, 1 thought, to stop till the morning. The place seemed gloomy enough as I rode n]>, and I shuddered a little as I thought of the story associated with It." " What was It ?" 1 asked, interrupting Mm. " Oil, some bushman had murdered his mate theft, and it was said that the ghost of the murdered man walked the bouse. I Jiad often liejird the place called the ' Haunted Hut,' and no one would dare to stop there, I was cold and liungry, however, and not given to belief of superstitions, so I yarded my cattle and wade myself snug Inside the liut. It was twilight, and I kuew the Uglit wouldn't last more than a quarter of an hour, so I hurried myself and got some wood, most of it damp nnd wet, and after a great deal of trouble got a flre burning ns It grew dark. I soon made some tea, and had a feed, and then I lit my pipe and lay on tbe floor in front of the dying lire, tny head and Shoulders resting against my saddle. I felt too lazy to go out for more wood Just then, and resolved to leave it till the morning. But on second-thoughts I called myself ^ lassy blockhead, be cause If I left ittill the morning I would most likely get no tire nt all. for the wood would be too wet. So I heaved a sigh, got up nnd went outside, ami pre sently came bnck with a big armful of wet wood. This I threw <W«u beside the fireplace-such as It was-and tlieu, putting some more ou the lire, which was nearly burnt out, I once more re clined lazily on the floor. * " I suppose I must have dowd otT over my pipe, for the next thing 1 kuew was that I had awakened from ni.v sleep, nnd that the flre was gone out save for a few red embers that glowed fitfully among tiie ashes. I could henr the ralu outside still pouring down, aud that lu dolent feeling that we all sometimes ex perience came over me as I lay with my Jjead resting against the saadle. 1 closed my eyes again. " When I next opened them, n minute or two after, I became conscious of two flery eyes glaring at me from the . side of the fireplace."it was very dark Inside, and I confess that I felt scared. They seemed so uncanny ; and k mourn ful cry, canned l»y the wind blowing fiercely througii the roof where a shingle or two had come off, made yie feel cold and clammy all over. " Presently, as I watched the two eyes, nnd thought all the while of the murdered man, they disappeared, but only io re appear again a moment or I Wo afterwards. I I'elt lascliiHled. anil could not take my eyes ott ilioRe shining orb*. Then t!i".r moved again, an/1 I saw something while close lo the eyes. I felt 1 niUfit Wove, or cry out, or do KumctlilUfr. SUm-ty it/ul irifii r(iiiik/ng limits 1 ninse, liesltat«l f ir n minute, and then advanced towards the eyes. When 1 was a little closer, and after I bod atoo.l up, I notice! th.it the eyes seemed' quite near the lloor. Mechani cally my viind began to conjecture liow the ghosf.V eyes could be there milms lie was laying on the liuor in an un natural position, when a p:ie ira ' M l a-o-w-ow' greeted ant'. .' My fright disappeared like magic, aud I bur*! into a laugh. ' Puss. puss, puss.' I cried, .('otiie on. pussy.' and I bent do'.vi' and held out my hand. A idg while cat eunie towards me, mew ing as It walked, and the next moment I was stroking its soft fur. "Well," 1 thought to myself as I re plenished the lire with a hit of paper and some wood about live mi miles af terwards. . well, the ghost is laid now. J was a Tool to be had like that.' Rill, you know." he added, looking me in the 4'yes, " the bravest of men feel urrnld sometimes when they are alone, though they may Iw? brave enough when Uiey liavn company, even though their com pany be cowardly. " Next morning, after I Jjad had break fast. a man rode up ns I was Just going to get my cattle on tlio way again, a ml said : 'Hallo.' arc you droving for Mr. Kennedy V ' Yes,' I answered. ' Where did you camp last night f he asked. 'In iiwe," I answered, pointing to tbe but, ?What ?' he eald Incredulously, 'not In there, did you 1 Don't you know that the place ts haunted t Surely you know the story attached to the place. Why, I can't get a man to sleep In there for love or money. You know I urn Mr. K , and tlilg is part of my station.' ' Oh,' 1 nnswttred lightly, ' I think I liavc laid that gliost. I knew all about the place, but I didn't rare, for I don't believe In the silly Idea of ghosts. Come In here, Mr. K , and I'll allow you Die jrbosr.' lie atared at me for a minute, but when I hitched my horse up aud went to the door he dismounted and followed. I took him Inside, and showed him the old white eat, who was busily engaged feeding on a bit of salt junk I had left for It. He bad a good laugh when he saw the 'ghost,' you may be sure. Before I rode away he gave me a sovereign for laying the gliost, and paid me the compliment of saying that he reckoned I was a plucky uiou. If lie had seen me when I first saw the eyes, though, he might have thought differently." He concluded his remarks by adding, " I'm going to have a smoke now," and as he began to cut his tobacco I thanked him for the story, put some more wood on the Are, and then sitting down relit my pipe, which had gone out in the interesting portion of the story where the "shining eyes" were predominant. 