LATE SIR L. DOBSON. FUNERAL OBSEQUIES. STATE FUNERAL. IMPOSING CEREMONY- 89 MOURNING COACHES. His life work accomplished, the body of the lat Chief Justice, Sir William Lambert Dobson, has to-day been conveyed to its last resting place, amid pomp and pageantry befitting the memory of one honoured alike in public and private life, who met his death in the execution of one of the highest duties of mankind, that of helping his fellows, and who pre-eminently among Tasmanians won the tone and esteem of all classes of the community. Honoured in life, he has been honoured in his death, and it was but due to themselves that the citizens should thus record their admiration and affection. The late Sir Lambert's funeral was perhaps the most imposing that Tasmania has seen since that of Sir Richard Day, late in the sixtied, although the interment of the late W. L. Crowther in 1885, Justice Giblin two years later, and of the late Dr. Giblin on December 31, 1895, were each accompanied with great ceremony. Considerably before the hour appointed for the arrival of the hearse and of the chief mourners at St. David's Cathedral, a detachment of one hundred and fifty blue jackets and marines took to a position along Murray street in charge of Lieutenant Thomson, with Lieutenants Lewis, Brewis and Wason. Captain Pollard, of H.M.S. Wallaroo, Mr Maxwell, paymaster, and Sub-Lieutenant Jepherson were also on the ground. The local Forces were lined up opposite the Savings Bank, the Permanent Force in command of Captain Parker ; Artillery, Lieutenant-Colonel Evans ; Torpedo Corps, Major Henry; Rifle Regiment, Captain Richardson; Auxiliary Forces, Major Brown; and a atrong muster of Cadets under Major Watehorn. Besides those mentioned were—Colonel Cox, Lieutenant-Colonel Wallack (staff), Artillery Officers, Major Reid, Captain Reynolds Captain Lewis, Lieutenant Forest, and Paymaster Atkins; Torpedo, Lieutenant Parker; Auxiliary, Major Brown, Captain Morrisby, Lieutenants Brown and Tinning; Rifle Regi- ment, Captain Hickson (Adjutant), Lieu- tenants Westbrook and Sturten; Cadets, Lieutenant Fysh (Adjutant), Lieutenants Roberts, Snowden (2), Bond, Douglas, and Quartermaster Jackson. The police arrangements were exceedingly good, 44 constables being on duty in the vicinity of the Cathedral, handled by Sub-Inspectors Conner, Kemp, and Mitchell, under Superintendent Pedder. Superintendent Hedberg was also present. The crowd of onlookers began to assemble in strength at about 9.30, and, as may be supposed, was both decorous and orderly. Ordinary tram and vehicle traffic had been suspended, and the way things had been organised reflected all-round credit. This applies also to the Cathedral, arrange- ments, which were officered by the Wardens of the Church, Dr. Crouch (who was wearing Artillery uniform), Messrs O. Lord and S . T. Tinning, assisted by Mr. Allan McIntyre, member of the Church Council. Right along the centre aisle two rows of blue jackets and the members of the Various public bodies, immediate friends of the deceased, and others specially entitled to be present, were marshalled to their respective seats without the slightest confusion. The Premier (Sir Edward Braddon, K.C.M.G.) arrived with His Excellency Governor (Viscount Gorman- ston, G.C.M.G.), who occupied seat in the front of the north- side, and immediately behind him were the Ministers. The Hon. T. Reibey was absent through indisposition, but all the others being present: Hon. A. Moore, (Chief Secretary) and T.Pillinger, (Minister of Lands and Works). Mr Urquhart (the Attorney General), was one of the pall- bearers. To the rear of Ministers were other members of the Legislature including the Hons. C. H. Lamb, G, H, Butler and G. T. Collins; the House of Assembly being represented by Messrs. G. J. Davies (Chairman of Committees), Crisp, McWilliams, Hamilton, Page, Gilmore. Probably others were in the body of the Cathedral among general spectators. Conspicuous also on this side were members of the University, of the Synod, and Ministers' Association, while a large number of representatives of other than Anglican Churches occupied pews at the rear. On the south side the chief mourners, who had arrived in one carriage only, occupied a pew near to the coffin, which, it should be stated, was of polished Huon pine with solid brass mountings, and piled up with most beautiful wreaths of flowers and immortelles. The Hon. Henry Dobson, Messrs. Percy and Louis Dobson, Mr Justice Dodds, the Rev. G. Clarke, His Worship the mayor (Alderman Hiddlestone) occupied the mourners' seats. On this side also were members of the Executive Council and of the Law Society Do(robed), noticeable among the latter being the Hon. Byron Miller, father of the Tasmanian bar and a one time honoured political opponent of the late Chief Justice. The heads of departments, aldermen of the city, Civil Servants and leading citizens helped to make up a large congregation, the sober mourning black being relieved by the handsome uniforms of the large number of naval and military men. Mr. J. W. Orchard presided at the organ, his selections including Chopin's Prelude, Chopin's Funeral March as the coffin was borne up the aisle, and Beethoven's Funeral March at the close of the service. Whilst the people were assembling he also played a beautiful melody by Rheinberger. The cortege having reached the main entrance of the Cathedral, Bishop Montgomery the clergy of the diocese, and the choir, who were in waiting, then proceeded in procession to the chancel, the coffin following, Dean Kite saying:- "I am the resurrection and the life, saith the Lord: he that believeth in Me, though he were dead, yet shall he live: and whosoever liveth and believeth in Me shall never die." " I know that My Redeemer liveth, and that he shall stand at the latter day upon the earth. And though after my skin worms destroy this body, yet in my flesh shall I see God: whom shall I see for myself, and my eyes behold, and not another." "We brought nothing into this world, and it is certain we can carry nothing out. The Lord gave, and the Lord hath taken away, blessed be the Name of the Lord." The choir then sang the following Psalm:- I said I will take heed to my ways: that I offend not with my tongue. I will keep my mouth as it were with a bridle: While the ungodly is in my sight. I held my tongue and spake nothing: I kept silent, yes even from good words, but it was pain and grief to me. My heart was hot within me, and while I was thus musing the fire kindled: and at last I spake with my tongue; Lord, let me know mine end, and the number of my days: that I may be certified how long I have to live. Behold, thou hast made my days as it were a span long: and mine age is even as nothing in respect of Thee; and verily everyman living is altogether vanity. For man walketh in a vain shadow, and disquieteth himself in vain; he heapeth up riches, and cannot tell who shall gather them. And now, Lord, what is my hope: truly my hope is even in Thee. Deliver me from all mine offences: and make me not a rebuke unto the foolish. I became dumb, and opened not my mouth; for it was Thy doing. Take Thy plague away from me: I am even consumed by means of Thy heavy hand. When Thou with rebukes dost chasten man for sin, Thou makest his beauty to consume away like as it were a moth fretting away a garment: Every man, therefore is but vanity. Hear my prayer, O Lord, and with Thine ears consider my calling: hold not Thy peace at my tears. For I am a stranger with Thee; and a soujourner, as all my fathers were. O spare me a little that I may recover my strength before I go hence, and be no more seen. Glory be to the Father, and to the Son, and to the Holy Ghost ; As it was in the beginning; is now, and ever shall be; world without end—Amen, Bishop Montgomery then read the lesson taken from I.Corinthians, 20th verse, com- mencing "Now is Christ risen from the dead and become the first fruits of them that slept,” and concluding with "Therefore, my beloved brethren, be ye stedfast, unmovable, always abounding in the work of the Lord, for as much as ye know that your labor is not in vain in the Lord." At the conclusion of the lesson the following hymn was sung: Now the laborer's task is o'er; Now the battle day is past; Now upon the farther shore Lands the voyager at last. Father, in thy gracious keeping Leave we now Thy servant sleeping. There the tears of earth are dried ; There its hidden things are clear; There the work of life is tried By a juster Judge than here: Father, in Thy gracious keeping Leave we how Thy servant sleeping. There the kinful souls, that turn To the Cross tbeir dying eyes, All the love of Christ shall learn At His feet in Paradise. Father, in Thy gracious keeping Leave we now Thy servant sleeping. There no more the powers of hell Can prevail to mar their peace; Christ the Lord shall guard them well, He who died for their release. Father, in Thy gracious keeping Leave we now Thy servant sleeping. “ Earth to earth, and dust to dust," Calmly now the words we say, Lasting him to sleep in trust Till the Resurrection Day. Father, in Thy gracious keeping Leave we now Thy servant sleeping; —Amen, Contrary to the pre-arranged plan there was no address by Bishop Montgomery, it having been decided that it shall be delivered at 11 a.m. to-morrow. The coffin was then reconveyed to the hearse and the procession started for Queenborough Cemetery, where the re- maining portion of the service was to be held. The following was ' THE ORDER O F PROCESSION. Guard of Honor from H.M. Warships and Tasmanian Defence Force. Garrison Band THE BODY Bishop and Officiating Clergymen Chief Mourners The Governor The Archbishop of Hobart The Judges The Ministry Members of Executive Council President and Members of the Legislative Council Speaker And Members of the House of Assembly Tne Council of the Law Society Legal Profession Heads of Public Departments The Press Mayor and Aldermen of Hobart, and Mayor and Aldermen of Launceston Master Warden and Members of the Marine Board Consuls for Foreign Countries Officers in the Service of the Crown Trustees of the Tasmanian Museum and Royal Society Chamber of Commerce Representatives of the Synod Clergy in surplices, and Choir Council of the University Ministers Association Southern Tasmanian Cricket Association Other Public Bodies Citizens 