THE SQUATTERS' DAUGHTER. )l By Harold M. Maokenzie. I [corvuioill KKSKRVED.] ’ CHAPTER XVJ.—(continued.) I _ Tho dialogue was being carried on in a room deserted by all except those r two. The lamps were screened; by , pink paper-shades, which cast a soft . glow on tho faces of Eric and Miss l Borthwick, which somewhat concealed tho sudden change that Brio’s features underwent • ‘‘Can you' moan what you are . saying? Is it an undeniable faot?” , said Brio, after ft pause. “ I’m not in a witness-box giviug • evidonce, but what I have stated is 1 perfectly true. Besides, why should you feel such intorost, when i believe' that you yourself broke off tho engage ment?"- • “ Pray don’t touoli on that subject, it’s a long story and one that I cannot tell you hero. Some day, though, you will know all. It will be suf ficient for mo to say, however, that I was not the cause of our engagement coming to an end, and more than life itself—” ■ . / ' The speakor stopped, ns if remem boring ho had said too much. He know Miss Borthwiok and Muriel to be fast friends, but whether he could make a confidante of the former ho was not anxious to try. So making some remark ns to tho next danco’beginning, ho led her into the ball-room again After what Eric had heard, he felt there and thon an inclination to seek the opon uir; to get anywhere from this gay laughing crowd, which was whirling beforo him. The music seemed to shout at him like some mocking thing; the faces, flowers, and everything, in faot, that' gave lifo to the scene, only seemed the more to add to his misery. To leave for Timboorn at once was the first thought that occurred to him, but this ho felt might bring him into notice. No, ho would, at loast, re main till the morning nnd thon make up his mind. As these reflections were coursing swiftly through his mind, ho caught sight of Miss Man ton. “Aro you dancing this?” he said, hurriedly. “No, but what on earth has made you look so pale, hnvo you seen a ghost ?” Without a word, he gave her his arm, aud led her far away to tho corner of an apartment which had:been taste fully deooratod with flowora. “Here we can talk in peace,” he said, “My worst approlionsions are fulfilled if Miss Borthwiok’e statement proves true. Everything has been in “.Well, tell me quickly,” exclaimed Miss Manton. “It’s too horrible do think of. Muriel Grey is to marry another. God help Abo cursed woman who penued -thatletter.” ■ : • His voice beoamo thick as he uttered the words, and Miss Manton sesing Lib emotion gently placed her hand on his 'sleeve saying. “ Do not believe all till yon have such proof ns may .convince you. .Much as I believe Mies’Borth wiok to bo a truthful girl there may. yet be ■ something to - alter circum stances.” . “ You were ever hopeful,” said Erio, “ but she has convinced me. Why, sho hoard it from Muriel’s own lips m London." Further disoussion of the subject was useless just then, strive, as Miss Manton did to bring balm to . his wounded feelings. She thought it better to leave him quite alone for tlie present, so whon her partnor came to olairn his dance she arose, and with a gontle word of reassurance went out Into the bright light of the ball Eric never stirred the live long vening from whero he had thrown unself, - The inUsio oame and went as some ireloss thing laughing at bis misery. )he flowers around him were drooping nd dead from the heat of the; rooms, nd his soul within him felt no less ronry. The one overwhelming grief f his life had as completely stunned dm aB the fall whioh he had reoeived ui the Squatters’Cup. , . , On the dawn of the next day he nade preparations for his ■ return to fitnboora. He could no longer stand he thoughts of races, dances, or anv hiDg else, and wanted to bo quite done.- Alone, with his thoughts,, vhicli, -distracting as they were, ie'emed , easier to ., bear • than when nixing with a; throng of pleasure-^ ovibg people. ' ‘ . As ho rode slowly along on his way ;o the station, never did weary wanderer returning frfim the hard ihips and perils of campaign appear chofe completely brolloiv down. Now ;hat etrength ha«l>eturned,;. and life seemed plegeirot for him again another blow had befallen him. Hevengf was beginning to rise in.'; his, proud hnturo for the first time.'->;He'could have for given Mrs. Fordyce even had Muriel once moro .heen restored to him. But now that this last gleam of hopeseemed to;be fading in the:distance ;h9'cno<l aloud for vengeance,, at all events, that he should stand before Muriel a guiltless and honorable mao*:’that, she should hear from hia own hps what vilo handhad torn their love asundor, :' , Would it be too ,Jatc--too lat^ to stay her marriage^’ - >• - “Why do I .ask myself this? .he muttered. ' ‘‘Npthieg that Lean dc willprovent.it, ■ She loves, another-- . Tears coursed fast down.Ws cheeks, like any woman’®- - , , j-i; 