Wesleyan Christian Endeavour Society. The members of this popular society celebrated their anniversary on Sunday and Monday last, and the th<ee services on Sunday held in the Church was well attended, as was also the conversazione on Monday evening. • In order to make the services more attractive, the Rev E. Bennett, a student From Queen’s College, Melbourne, had been invited to conduct i lie services, and this eloquent young preacher on each occasion delivered ex cellent addresses. Morning Service. A very good congregation attended the church on Sunday morning, (be pulpit beiug occupied by the Rev E. Bennett, and the choir, under the conducior9hip of Mr Christopherson, was exceptionally good. Tbe able young minister before delivering tbe sermon' spoke to the chil dren in (he form of two stories which pictured tbe beautiful work that was done by the Endeavor Society, and also clearly illustratod in the two stories the great necessity of everyone giving themselves up to the love of Jesus and his work. The loxt was taken from the Epistle of Jude, 20th and 21st verses, “ Bnt ye, beloved, building up yourselves on your most holy faith, praying in the Holy Ghost, keep yourself in tbe love of God, looking for tbe mercy of our Lord Jesu9 Christ unto i eternal life.” In most eloquent terms the impressiveness of the text and the great lesson that it taught was pointed out. We should, build ourselves np in the love of Jesus'through prayer. Mahy would say to themselves, “ I would give myself up to the love of God, if I could keep it and not go back.” And it was this that kept them away, and the text of the day was to fortify themselves against such by budding up a love for God through prayer and looking for mercy. In doing so, when they knelt down at the bedside they were not to think of the worldly affairs of to day or to-morrow, but give themselves up to prayer through tbe Holy Ghost to God, and they would be tbe better of it. God had made promises and they would all be kept and extended to us if we sought them. In business they all knew, if strict commercial lines were not followed, disaster would come. It was the same in the love of God, they should all endeavor to seek their comfort in the Lord by earnest prayer and build themselves up against attacks, like the palm trees growing on the outer edge of the choral reefs of the Pacific where billows and waves curved and passed over them. We should do the same, build ourselves up in the love of God through all sorrows and troubles that may overtake us. Afternoon Service. In the afternoon a “ Pleasant Sunday Afternoon” service was held in the church, at which there was a large attendance. After a hymn had been rendered, the Rev Mr Reader said that the meeting wa3 going to be carried on in a new style. The ladies were to conduct tbe service, and it was quite right and proper that the ladies should have a fair amount of dic tation in the religious service. Miss Richardson would be chairwoman for the remainder of the service. At this juncture, Miss Richardson assumed the chair and announced the various vocal and instru mental items to be given. Misses Beard more and Hawkins sang a pleasing duet, and Messrs Chns. and Taylor Cooper gave a sacred song in a nice style. The Rev Mr Bennett then ascended (lie pulpit. He said he was glad to be amongst them. He had at last met them and they had been praying for himj and lie' had for them. He read an extract from a news paper in which it was stated, by advertise ment, that there were millions of pounds left through wills, that never reached the heirs. Perhnps the latter might be toiling by the sweat of their brow, and at the same time were unaware that there was a fortune awaiting them. Some time ago he had come into possession of an old will in which he was mentioned ns an heir He examined the pages carefully and found that he had been leit immense wealth. The will was the Will of God— the Bible—and the oxecutor was the Holy Ghost. People did not know whnt a store of wealth was in the Bible. There was immense wealth left in! tbe name of Jesus Clnist, and which whs ready to be trans ferred to all and make them spiritual millionaires. There was no reason why anyone should be poor, for they might take the Bible at any time and see how much they were worth. Some people gave half an hour to the newspaper and 2 minutes to the Bible. These could not be callid common-sensed, practical Chris tian beings. When the Bible was read it should be read properly. Persons spared no time nor expense in following the lead in a mine, and they should be just as zealous after the wealth in the bible. They should dig and dig, and study the truths therein. “The Soul that Sins, It should die no oDe could plunge into sin and break off from evil when he liked.. He referred to a medical student who had made a bet that he would vonsume opium for a year and then break the habit off, but at the end of the year the corpse of the young man was brought into the dissecting room of the j University. This was a sample of what sin was. God willed not the death of a sinner, but they were to go to Him. He asked all to study the Bible, for there was a mine of wealth bequeathed therein to all. Mr Gumming hero rendered a eaored song in a very feeling manner. Mr Reader next spoke, be had not much to say, but ns a cluistian endeavorer he was pledged to speak nud never to fail where there was-any hope el good being done. There never was such a time as at present, when the religion of Jesus Christ had for its extention se many agencies. The Christian Endeavour had its birth in a “revival” in 1881, and now there were 51,000 societies aud three million mem Ders. That showed the great spirit that filled all the Endeavourers, and the pro moters. But unless the members were filled with great vitality it was useless in trying to further the aims of the society.. He trusted that they would remain firm < and strong Endeavourers in the future. Mr Little then sang intelligently the religous composition of Clifton Bingham entitled “ Palms.” With the benediction the sorviee closed. Mies Ruby Trainor presided at the organ, and acquitted herself very credit ably throughout her arduous duties; and Mr T. Cooper accompanied with his violin. Evening Service. The church was crowded to excess at the evening service and the Rev Bennett preached another splendid sermon, taking his text from 9th chapter of Mark, 21st verse. The Conversazione. On Monday evening the church was well filled. Mr Reader occupied the chair, and a splendid programme was submitted 