THE PULPIT . filTVRLES II ADD OK SPURGEON. Being report o £ the last of a series of Sun day evening addresses on Christian Bio graphy, delivered at the Beechworth Inde pendent Church by the Rev. A. Rivett. Text. — "He was a burning a d a shining light." — John v. This text has direct reference to John Baptist. To-night we use it as applying to another Baptist. Nor is the text more true of the one than the other. For sin cere devotion, loyalty to Christ, and self-, sacrificing service the pastor of the Metro politan Tabernacle came not one whit behind the bold and rugged witness-bearer of the Jordan. The conditions under which these two standard-bearers bore their testimony were very different ; the one preaching in a wilderness, the other in the densest city of the world. The witness borne, however, was indentical : — " Behold the Lamb of God, which taketh away the sin of the world." Among till many families driven from the Nether lands by the persecution of Alva and the intolerance of an ungodly and tyrannical priesthood, and made to cross the German Ocean and settle in the eastern counties of England, svere the ancestors of the famous Baptist preacher. There for a time the Spiirgeons, in common with others, en joyed the liberty denied to them in their own country. Subsequently, and during the hateful regime of the Stuarts, some of this family were made to suffer for con science sake. The same spirit of religious intolerance and bigotry which sent the immortal Bunyan to Bedford Gaol for 12 years also sent in 1GG7 Job Spurgeon to Chelmsford Gaol, where ho lay on a pallet of straw for fifteen weeks. James, the grandfather of C. if. Spnrgeon, was the pasior of the Independent Church, Stain - bourne, Essex, a church which had only had four pastors in 200 years, and where he, as the fifth pastor, remained for over half a century, and never during that period was known to lie absent from his own pulpit. His father, John Spur geon, was also an Independent minister, having occupied the charges at Fetter Lane, fiolborn, and at Islington. It has been asked how 0. H. Spurgeon himself did not become an Independent minister. Ho gives his own reply. Having ex perience! a change of heart he felt it laid upon him as an imperative duty to make a full and public confession of the change by public baptism. His mother, refer ring to this change, is reported as saying — "Ah, Charley, f have often prayed that you might be saved, but never that you should become a Bapti-t." 'To which Charles replied — "God has answered your prayer, mother, with His usual bounty, and given you more than you asked." Charles Had dun Spurgeon was born in the village of Kelveilon, Essex, in 1834. It lias been remarked that the villages of England have been far moie productive of great men than the towns. When old enough to leave home lie went to live with his grand parents ill the independoit 111 inso at. Stambourno. He early showed signs of srreit lirococirv. and many are the stories of those da,ys .spent with " giandfather." At 10 years of age lie became converted For a long time he was under deep con viction. " My heart was broken ill pieces.' says Mr. .Spurgeon. " Six months did 1 pray, prayed agonizingly with my whole heart, and never had an answer." He visited every place of wor ship in t'uo to wn, but to 110 purpose. The one tiling he wanted t 1 hear, viz., how he : " a poor sinner under a sense of sin miglit find peace with God," he did not hear. At last, one snowy day. lie found a 1'itlier obscure street in which was a little Primitive Methodist Chapel. He had heard of these people, how that they sung so loudly as to make people's heads ache. Bur for that, he did not, care if they could help him. The preacher en tered the pulpit lo iking as white as a ghost, and as thin as a skeleton. He took for his text' the well known words, " Look unto Me. and be ye saved. . all the ends of the earth.'' Just setting his eyes upon Spurgeon he said, " Young man, you are in trouble; you will never get. out of it unless you look to Christ. Look ; look ; look." He saw at once the way of siivatinn. He had been seeking, as he says, to do fifty things biit the right; now he looked, and ail was peace and joy within He began at once to engage in Christian work.. He teaches in the >tam- bourne Independent '-un.luy-.sclio.il, dis tributes tracts, and subsequently is bap tized by iiiimcr.sioii, and connects himself with a small Baptist Church at Cambridge. At 10 he becomes a member of a lay preacher's association, and is now found preaching in the vill iges around. Ac IS he b comes the pastor of the linle church at iVater beach, Essex. Persuaded by his father, he resolved to make application to enter Regent's Park College. Ar rangements were made for an interview with the Principal, Dr. Angus, at Cam bridge, but owing to sonic carelessness utioii the part- of the servant in answering the door, spurgeon and Dr. Angus arrived, waited, and left without seeing each other. Some little time after, still thinking of en- \- tering upon a coliegiatc course, he heard a voice — he says, distinctly — saying, " Seekest th-m great things for thyself, \- suck nhein not." Believing it to lie ail in timation from Go , he abandoned the idea of a college training, and subsequent events proved the wisdom of the resolve. At 20 he was called to been no the pastor of what at one time had been the most flourishing Baptist cui-c in London, lmt was now in a poor way. New Park Street. Chapel, South wark, held about 1200. people, but the congregation had dwindled down to nb mr. 200. 1'lie calling of C. 11. Spurgeon was a kind of forlorn hope ; lmt it proved to be the right thing. Within three months of the settlement of the new pastor," the fame of the young preacher had spread over the metropolis; and crowds flocked at every service to hear him. The newspapers of the day were asking "Who is this Spurjeon ? " And some of the answers given to the enquiry were not of the most c unplimuutary character. Cartoons of the rustic youth appeared in the comic journals, but all helped to swell tiic tide of his popularity. In 1855, when hut 2L years of age, he commenced publishing a sermon weekly, the practice continuing to the present, time, and the publishers allege that they have sufficient of his sermons in hand to serve for the next 10 years. These. ser mons have enjoyed an immense circula tion, some of iliein reaching 200,000, and have been translated into most if not all the European languages. New Park Street Chapel proving far too small for the great crowds that gathered every Sunday, the deacons determined to en large the building. In the meantime ser vices wove conducted in Exeter Hall and the Music Hall at Surrey Gardens. It was while conducting services ill this latter building that a catastrophe which rendered Mr. Spurgeon prostrate for some weeks occurred. During the service some madman or fool raised the cry of " lire," with the result that a panic ensu d during which several lives were lost and several people seriously injured. Many of England s nobility attended the services at the Surrey Gardens. This catastrophe led the deacons to face the question of building a church capable of seating at least 5000 people. The project was heartily taken up. Mr. Spurgeon travelled all over England and Scotland preaching and lecturing, half the proceeds from such gatherings going to the Taber nacle Fund. The opening services of the Tabernacle were commenced on March 25th 1861, and continued for five weeks. The result was that the great building was free of debt when these services closed, and £31,000 of free will offerings had poured into the treasurer's hands. Further im provements were afterwards made, so that sifting accommodation was afforded for 650(J worshipper#. This huge building was: filled, often packed, Sunday after Sunday for over thirty years. Mr. Spurgeon had no difficulty in making himself heard in this immense crowd, in fact he has been heard by 10,000 in the open air, and on one occasion, at the time of the Indian Mutiny, 20,000 heard him in the Crystal Palace. This noble Tabernacle, so frnitful of memories, was destroyed by fire only a few months . since. The Christian activi ties that sprang up around the Tabernaclo under Mr. Spurgeon are very many. First and foremost, there is the Pastor's College, from which hundreds of faithful preachers have gone forth . to various parts of the world. Then there are the Stockwell Orphanages, through which over 2000 orphans have passed, the Alms Houses, the Colporteur Society, and a number of kindred associations, in all about sixty-six. How one man could organise and control so many Christian agencies has been a wonder to thous ands. For one thing Mr. Spurgeon .was always favored in having around him a splendid band of workers. As a preacher fur the people Mr. Spurgeon was with out an equal in the 19th century. There have been preachers mors learned, and 111 certain senses more eloquent, out none have been able to grip the crowd as lie did. But to understand his power one must have heard him. (Mr. Rivett here related his own experience in listening to Mr. Spurgeon's " Lectures to my Stu dents," given in the Pastors' College, and of the Sunday evening services in the Tabernacle). No account of Mr. Spur geon's work would be complete without some reference to Mrs. Spurgeon and her " Book Fund." Mrs. Spurgeon is a cripple, and has been confined to her home. for many years. But she has set herself the generous task of helping poor ministers in all parts of the world by gifts of such books as will help them in their ministerial work. Nearly £3000 worth of books have been distributed in this way amongst ministers of all Pro- t-.nshnit fin nominations. Tile study of a life like that of C. H. Spurgeoa should prove especially helpful to young men, not that they are likely to become Spur- goons, but they can at least cultivate the traits which helped to make him the use ful and honored servant of God and men that he was. Of his many striking characteristics his great personality must he placed in the foreground. Spurgeon had many imitators, bu'. he imitated no body. He dared to be himself, natural and original, and often scandalised con ventional proprieties in the pulpit. For many of the conventionalisms of life he li.-ul the profouudest contempt. Thus on the question of titles and diplomas he says ; — "Many times we meet in American papers with our own name adorned or disfigured with a doctor's degree. In a periodical we see every month, there is .-111 extract from the Rev. 0. H. Spurgeon, D.U. We like the prefix quite as well as the affix, that is to say, we detest them equally." Following his strong person ality must be mentioned hi simplicity of manner, force, and directness of speech. There was no. misunderstanding what he said, or what lie meant. Evangelical to the core, he was the avowed opponent of Popery served up in the guise of Ritual ism. He was an out and out Libera tionism and ever denounced the unholy aliance of Church and State. But above all this, his strength lay in his supreme loyalty to a personal Christ. On the 31st January, 1892, just 3S years after the call to New Park-street, Mr. Spurgeon, who had caused such a stir in the world, passed away in a quiet little chamber in the Hotel Ravage at Montone. The body was brought to England, and being placed in an Olive Casket was conveyed to the Tabernacle, the scene of his mar vellous ministry. Some GO, 000 persons p issed through the Tabernacle in one short day to view the coffin. In the presence of many thousands of true- hearted friends from all parts of the world, all that was mortal of Charles Haddon Spurgeon was borne to its las' resting place in Norwood Cemetery, and a plain slab with the name upon it marks the spot. " Being dead he yet speaketh," and will continue to do so as long as the present dispensation lasts, for he " was a burning and a shining light." 