"On the Continent." LECTURE BY REV. H. E. HUGHES. An interesting and instructive lecture on "the Continent, or what I saw in Holland Germany, Switzerland, Italy and Belgium " was given in the Port Pirie Baptist Church on Thursday last by the Rev H. E. Hughes, of Jamestown, who recently took a trip home and travelled on the Continent. The lecture was thoroughly enjoyed by the large number present. The lecturer said leaving the old country he crossed over from Harwich to Rotterdam and he gave a brief description of the latter place. He then referred to the renowned Cologne Cathedral said to be the finest Gothic structure in Europe, if not in the world. He touched on the beauty and magnitude of that building, whose towers were no less than 512 feet high; when his hearers took into con- sideration the fact that the highest stack at the Pirie smelters was less than 200 feet high they would have some idea what such a height meant. The stained glass windows of the Cathedral were very beautiful. He reached there just in time for evening service and as he gazed on the grandeur and strength or beauty of that magnificent pile he thought it was indeed a building worthy for the office of the worship of the most High. It was twilight and the few lights in the edifice only served to point out the darkness in the further recesses, while the pealing of the magnificent cathedral organ penetrated into the furthest precincts of the structure, mak- ing the scene an impresssive one and one long to be remembered. Time did not permit of a lengthy description of the town which, however, bore the appearance of a prosperous and thriving place. From Cologne he went on to Bonn, the country between these places being somewhat uninteresting but on reaching the latter the scenery, as had been described by Byron, became magnificent and sublime —mountain and gorge on either side, and here might be seen a sumptious palace and there a ruined castle. Near here, too, were the famous ruins of Dragonsfeldt. He went on from there to Coblentz, situated at the confluence of the Rhine and Moselle, at which place the river was crossed on a bridge of boats. This place, which is strongly fortified, has been referred to as the Gibraltar of the Rhine, and there, too, is the famous monument to General Marcot. He referred to the narrow streets of Coblentz, so narrow in fact that en route to the station he could stand on the tram and touch the walls on either side with his umbrella. Re- ference was here made to the large number of soldiers to be seen in the streets of contin- ental towns ; in Coblentz every seventh per- son one met was a soldier. On the way to Mayence he passed though "sweet Bingen on the Rhine, and in referring to the journey the lecturer remarked that never had it been his lot to gaze on such beauty of scenery as he had met with en route. On his arrival in Mayence he visited the cathedral, which though nothing to compare with that of Cologne, was famous as containing the monu- ments of Schiller and John Gottenberg, the inventor of printing, from a bridge at this place, however, he was enabled to get what is considered to be one of the best views of fhe Rhine valley. He mentioned, by the way, that Mayence was the only town he visited in which he had noticed ladies riding the eternal bicycle and playing tennis. Then, passing through Darmstadt, he made for Heidelberg, famed for its fencing schools, and in a walk though the town the evening of his arrival the clash of swords were to be heard on all sides. He made reference to the fact that the students were exceedingly proud if they gained a scar in any of these encounters, and at once made for a photographer to have this mark of their valour photographed. After looking round this beautiful town he found his way to the world-famed old castle of Heidelberg, and tracing its history back he reflected that he was then standing on the spot where some of the worst scenes in Europe had been enacted. In the grand banqueting room of the castle he mentioned that there was a pump, the latter being connected with a huge cask in the cellars capable of holding 49,000 gallons. About this latter Mark Twain had said he was not sure whether it was 30 couples, or 30,000, that would be able to dance on the head of this cask—and he himself was not sure on the subject. In the hall, too, was an ugly image of a man that could drink his 18 bottles of prime Rhine wine a day but who was never known to be drunk. After going through the dungeons he ascended to the ramparts, from which a magnificent view was obtainable. The tower, the walls of which were 25 feet thick, was thrown down by Louis XIV, and now, covered with moss and lichen, makes a picturesque old ruin. After looking round the castle he went to see some of the churches, one of which—the Church of the Holy Ghost—was a famous one, and connected by history with the name of Jerome of Prague ; this building was divided in two, the Protestants worshipping on one aide and the Romanists on the other. From there he proceeded to the Black Forest, the country, which was beautiful en route, becoming supremely beautiful as the forest itself was reached. On either side were the dense woods of dark brown pine intermingled with the green of the young shoots, and the lecturer also referred to the sense of solitude and silence experienced by him during a walk in the forest. At Fribourg he had the pleasure of meeting the cele- brated Dr Lunn, who courteously supplied him with much valuable information. The lecturer gave an interesting description of the quaint dress of the Black Forest peasantry. Proceeding on his journey he struck the Rhine again at the Falls of Lafinne, said to be the finest in Europe. From there he went on to Neuhausen and Shaffhansen, and from thence to Lucerne and on the journey to the latter place saw for the first time in his life snow-clad heights. He remarked that it was his greatest delights among the Alpine scenery to gaze on their snowy heights. After referring to the beautiful scenes around Lucerne, from which in summer can be seen the Matterhorn, he referred to the famous lion monument, hewn out of the living rock, to perpetuate the memory of the valour and fidelity of the old Swiss Guard. Leaving there he pushed on for the St. Gothard Pass, and reference was here made to the grandeur of the Alpine heights en route, the loftiest of which are very lightly wooded, and thousands of men may be seen working up the stone, which is in abundance, and which for many uses takes the place of wood. The St. Gothard tunnel he remarked was 9¼ miles long and it took the train by which he travelled, with two eninges, 22 minutes to get through. Just at twilight they arrived at the Italian lakes, and after a brief survey of the great town of Northern Italy—Milan—he gave a brief sketch of its cathedral. This famous building, which combined the Gothic and Romanesque styles of architecture, seemed almost too wide for its height. He referred to the fact that in and about the building were no less than 6000 perfect white marble statues, many of them being from 6 feet to 10 feet high. He went up on to the roof, which was in fact a beautiful marble pave- ment and from there, up 494 steps, he got to the highest eminence of the building, above the dome. From there a splendid view was obtained ; two-thirds of the horizon was clad with snow, and in the distance Mount Blanc, the monarch of European mountains, seemed to be linking earth with heaven. Then going along the beautified Levant he reached Genoa, the city of Columbus and the city of beautiful palaces. Reference was made to the beautiful marble statues and carving of all descriptions exposed for sale in the shops, and here was to be seen the monuments of Mazini and Garibaldi. The leaning tower of Pisa, which is no less than 14 feet out of the perpendicular, was next touched upon by the lecturer, whose next stop was at the eternal city of Rome—the world-famed city of the seven hills, Imperial Rome. On his arrival he found his way to the Baptist Church and Manse, the inmates of the latter giving him some valuable hints as to the best way of seeing the sights of Rome. The Vatican was the first place he visited here ; this building, erected at different times by different architects, has no very pretentious appearance from the outside, but the inside having been gained the lecturer said the wealth of art—museum after museum — which met one's eyes at every point was truly magnificent. Amongst others he mentioned the Appollo Belvidere, sculptured from Carrara marble before Christ was born. He then referred to the greatest ruin in the world, Rome's amphi-theatre, the Colisseum, which gave evidence of Rome's palmiest and also her worst days. The great oval was 1,900 feet in circumference, and though a lot of the work had been pulled down the marble still remaining was valued at £500,000. This amphi-theatre had been able to accommodate 12,000 persons. He gazed down on the arena, the scene of so many conflicts, and the lecturer gave an impressive tribute to the heroism of Telemachus, whose martyr's death brought about the ending of these gladiatorial contests. He went along the Appian way which road, made 2,000 years ago, is still as perfect as the day it was finished. The Roman Baths, and the Catacoombs he also visited. He also referred to the Alban, Etrurian and Palatine Hills. He then described a visit to St. Peter's, the greatest ecclesiastical building of the world, and referred to the magnificence of the inside portion of the building, which was 205 yards long by 160 yards, and the dome of which was no less than 147 yards high. Everything in this mighty building was on a correspondingly vast scale. St. Paul's Church, built on the spot where St. Paul was killed, was next visited. This church is famous for its eighthly Corinthian pilliars, and in the burying ground hard by are the tombs of Keats and Shelley. The Pantheon, and the tombs of Victor Emanuel and Raphael were also visited. On his return journey Florence was visited, and he spent three days at Venice the city of silence and of gondolas. Here reference was made to the Church of St. Marco, the floor of which was one complete fresco. Milan, Lucerne, Strasbourg, Brussels and Antwerp were passed through and he again was on the German ocean en route for England, and as the shores faded from his sight his heart went up in gratitude to those who had made it possible for him to take this pleasant trip and also to Him who has made this beautiful world. 