Land Selection in Queensland I "THE LAND ACT, 1807." > Thd oolony ip, os fur ub necessary, «1tv!dcd into Land Agents' Districts, in inch of whi h . thcro id u PuUlio Lind Otlico nn'1 ft Govern xnent Lund Agent, to whom 11 inquiries roepoo-inir tbo ' sitnitlon. nual tv. rents. vi prices of lands nvailablo forsricotion in his district shoul 1 he addroaecd and fiom whom plaus can bo obtaiiud. Connected with tho Sutvey Dopirtmoat. in Brisbane, thoro is an ofllco for tho oxbibllion and ealo of maps, and tboro fu 1 information rt spent- fog lauds open for solcotion throughout tho Oolony may be hid. Thesevoral modes iu which land may bo acquiroj aro (I) by Agrioultarnl Selection, f-e.i Agricultural Farms aud Agricultural Uomestoids ; (2) Grazing 8e o itious, i.c , Grazing Farms nud Grazing Homesteads? (3) Scrtb Sclatiioon ; nod (I) Un'onditioiml Selections The uiore ocicedUi lauds ttnr \- linos of railway, centres of puliation, anil ' navigable waters aro sut apart f ir ugriuul- tural selection in aro is up to 1230 acres, whllo o .portun tiea of acquiring grazing eolcotions in aroua up to 20,0-0 aro given over a groat extent of QueeosUud torritory within accessible dtitauco of tho ssaboard and tho various lines of ra lway. Except iu tho o.so of Scrub S.'lootious and Unconditional Seloutlons. no parson who is not a British subj ct by birtU or liatuialuu- tlon, or who is cudvr tbo ago of lti yoars or who soeks to aequ'ra tho luat as tho agent or sonant or trustco of another, will bo allowed to solcct. A untried woman-is net compotont to ee'cct an Aarioultural Homo- stead tr a Grazing HomcrLnd, unless tbo diequaUQoatloo in removed by th » Land Gouts in tbo otso of a married woman who bus obtained on order fir judtiiol sooration or an order proiootiug her separate property, or who is liviog opart from nor husband. Applications for solcotion must bo made in too proscribed form, iu triplicato, and bo lodged with th > Luad Agent f r tho distriot within wliiih tho laud is situated. They must bo signed by tho applicant, but may bo lodgod in tho Laud OflJno by his duly-oou- s'kutid uttornoy, and in ibt bo uocompanicd by a deposit at u year's rent und one-tlfth ot too aurvoy foe. Applioatlooe lodgod prior tbo time proclaimed ns tlmt At whtah land is to bo open for soUotiou aro regarded as simultaneous with those lodged ut tho time of opoulng. Whoro land is open for difforont modes of soleotion alternately, priority araoug simul taneous applications for the same Und is givon to on application for it as an Agricul tural Huinoiftoud us against an upp.ioation for it ea an Agricultural Farm ; to uu appli ration for it us an Agricultural Farm as against an application for it as an Uncon ditional toleoiion; and if tho lou J is open lor Urn dog tJoloition, to an uppUoation for c It as a Grazing Homeitaad as against an application for it us a Grazing Farm. x'riority among simultduoom applications, foe tho same hud by the saiuo modo of sclcutiou U doto.mincd by lot, utiles iu tho case of simultaneous applLations fur tbo saino Unl as a Grating Selection or an Un- oouditional .Soluutiun, a higher rojtal >s toudered than that proclaimod. In that ovunt the h'ghost toudur eeouros priority. VYhsu uu uppt cation has bocu uuoiptod by tho Liul CuiumtaSlouer unl appcuvud by tbo Court, nud tho upplicaut boa paid for aoy improvement that m»y bo ou tuu land, ho bsuuinus entitlod to rucolvo a li-.coeso to oouupy the land in case of au Agrtcu.iurul tieltotiou uru Uraziug Sultotios, or a loaso in the case of a ccruo tiulcciieu or an Uu oouditional Selection. Within six month after tha issuo of u Uconso tho selector muet ooiuinoKCO to ocoupy the land, and must 'thoocAttor ouutluuo to occupy it in thomannor pro-unbtd. AGRICULTURAL SELECTIONS. A GlttCULTUlUL fa I Ha. The ?agest area thai may ho acquired by any one punon as an Aj.rioel-.utul Farm cf 1280 acres. If tho simo perron is tho soloutor of both »u Agriou tural Ftrnn and uu Agrioultuiul Homestead, tho joint area uiuat not exceed 12sU a res. Too purcbas- iog pries tnay luigo from xus. an aoco up wards, as amy bu doi lured by proclamation. Tho term is twoufy yearn The annual rent is ono-foxthth of tho pu. charing pi ice, and tha payments arocreditodaspatt at tho piioe. lhovland must Lo lontmuuualy occupied by tho sslootor residing personally ou it or oy Lib matiuior or agenc doing so. Within Jive yours liom the issuo ot tbo license to oooupy, or suoh extended time not oxcooding two yojrs, as tho Court may allow, the sulioior must eno.oo tho laud with a good and suUtuuiiul iojco, or make suhstuutial uudpccmoutut improvements cn it cquil in \aluo to such fence, Ou tho completion of ibo impioveuetitj tho selector becomes on- tukd to a lento of tho farm, aud may there- ntt« inoitjjBgo it ; or, wi»h tho permission of tho hlinisti r, may subdivide or transfo. it; or, with tbo approval of tho Court, may uuder.'ot i:. After tho iuipovetnonls havo bcou effected, any neseofwbvthrhosoquired by solootlon or transfer) who has h. la the farm for five years und has duly fulfilled tho conJition of occupation, may pay tho part of tbo puichss. "5 mcu tcuiuiumg uupaiu sua obtuiu a doed of grant in foe-ample. After t-n years of the turn havo elopto.-, tho purchase may bo completed by tha then roiHstcrod lorsco irrespective of tho time ho has held it. AomcBL'iuiun uouestkad j, I, and ojen to gfiectlon a Agrloiiltmal ' rarmsianotavftilablofor AgtiouUutalHomo- stouds unless so p'oclaimod 'i ho aroa all. owod to bocolcotcdui an Agricultural Homo, stead \arifB with tho quality of tfco land If tho prico ut which any luud (upon to both modes ot silootlon) is available to AgriouL tural Faim eelectim is not Ussthan il nn acre, lUU acres is allowed for a liomettcal- if its piico til a Farm would ba lets than £i but not than- If., then 320 aoreg oan b« taken as a liomcfetoad j and if iis prico ss a 1'uim would lo loss tbun iCe. aa aoro, then UiO acres is allowed for a Ilomoaloal. 'iho pnco for a Homestead is 2s. (id au Aero Iho unuuul rent 3d. an tore, aud tho tcriii ton years. Tbo laud must bo continuously occupied Wjno eclectorroddlng porsouol'y thorcoa. . tii hu tivo years from tho issue of tho licaoBO to occupy, or such extended tlmo not oxccediug two years as tho Court may allow, tbo eolect>r must oncloso the land with a good and enbslunlial lcnco,or mako eubstaatlal and permanent improvements on it equal in valuo to tueb a fonco On the completion of Iboimproveiuenta tho rcloclor I ccoincs entitled toalcaec. At any iimo oftor five years from tho com- ptencament of tbo Icrm, ou tbo tricolor prov. tug that tho o uditions havo been duly ror- formed undthattlQEum expended iu imi rove niout on the land has been at tho rnto of 10s., fin., or 2e. Ud. unacro rcsjoctlvoly according to tho quality of tho land, ho may pay up (ho remaining rent bo as tomato his total pay uiuuio (.Hjuui io jo. uu. an acre, and obtain a doed of grant of tho land in fco-slmplo. Iho selco'or of a group of two sr moro Agricultural Homesteads may oseoclate to gather for mutual asU< anco. and .on making proof of fcomi JtJcs io tho Comminiiioner, may receive from him a Special Licenso rnnbline not less thun one half cf tho whole number to prrform the ocjiiditioui of occupation iud I in rovomcnts for ;ho groop. 'J ho r. aidcnce may bo upon spy one or moro of tho IIomeciteQd , and if mere than 10<». bus coun oxpi ndud in improvements on auy Homo- Atcsd wbilo tho Spea al Lioouso Is in forco with ro.ipcct to it, thesurplus may boattribu- tod to tho others. GRjiniNG SpLECTIONS- Goaziko fanv8. Tho miximum area allowed to Io arquirod liyanyono person tin n Gruzlng Farm is 20,000 uoreo. Tho terms ni«4 bo 11,21, or 28 yoars, as tho proclamation opening tho loud to coloetioum y declare. Tho annual rent for tho first period of sevon years may runjiifroni Jd. por aero upw'ards as may bo proolamed or tcndcrod. 'Jhe rout for aaoh \- Aubs quont po lod of seven yoirs will bo a termiod by 'tho Cour, but it cannot bo decreased at nn y ro-ansessme t. nor can it bo increased l.jr moro than onc-halC of tho rent for tho period immcdtBt»>'y preceding. A Grazing J arm must be continuously occupied by tho selector rosiding porsonally on it, or by his insnager or ngent doing fo. IVithin tbrou yoiirs from tho iasuo of tho llceaio to occupy' or such oxtondod timo not exceeding two ycn»s nt tho Couit may ollow. tho eelcctor must cncloso tbo laud with a gocd and substantial Lnco, and must hojp it so fenced dnrirg tho zholn of tho term. In tho oacb of two or more cont guous formB not ex- cording iq tbo Bggroato 20,000 acrep, tho Court may by Spuiial Licceso permit tbo 6o!cotore to fcuco only tbo outsido boundaiies of tho who'o oroa If tho Froolamation do- clotiog tho laud opon for solcction s> pie- ioribtd,tho cnoloMng fono.' mutt ho of suoh ohartomr as to prevent tho passage ot rab bits. In Iho oifio of ft group of contigucus graz ing farms not exoroding eight In numhrr, or ,2(J0 square milcn in total arm, and whlah ao Mibjcnt to tbo condition of sporfal fonolng joet mentioned,, the Oourt may by Bpooinl License prrmlUho enclosure of tho wholo area 1 with a fonco of suoh charaolcr as to provont tho ptuaago of rabbits, instead of requiring eatb farm to bo sopaiatoly onoloscd. ; glit' ' i v v'i l»oV bol«otprji/oa group of iwo oi?: aiorft oxoeods, 2, SCO aorcs, may assoeia'o together for mu'uil os.Utanco, and on making proof of boiades to the Commietioner, may rooolve from Liiri a 8pccil 1 i.onso onabl ng not lot" than one -half of tho uh- lo number by their per 'nalrotidonco on eouio ono or raoro of tbo Jarms to rorform the coadilijn of oooupotlon in rcspcot of nil tho farira. When a Grazing Farm h cnolcaed in tht manner required tho tolee tor hoconn entitled to a loose of it and may thecoafter mortgage it; or, with tbo pormis-ioa of tho Mintstor, may snbdivldo or tranefor It ; or, with the approval of tho Court, raiy underiot it, Gua/ino homkstsads. Linds open for soleotion as Grazing Ferns must oibo bo open for solcotion as Grazing Homestoads, and ut tho sauio rent. I and for tho enmo term of loaso. Asnlroidy stated, on appUoation to solcct bh a Grazing iJoin .- stora takes pro'codono) of it simultaneous application to scleot tbo soma land us a Grazing Farm The conditions and otb-r provissons nbovomcatioaod fa ro- pcot of U azIngFarmi are appli ah'o «lso toUrazlog llomcstiaJs, with tho follaring exceptions: — (1.) Daring tbo first fito years of tho tortn of n Grazing H-mcsto-id tho eondltion of ooenpation mast be pro'ormed by tho ooullnuous pot- tonal roaidcnco of tho sclootor on tho land. (2.) lieforo the oxpiration of five years from tho comoienccmrnt of the term, or thedeAth of tt.o original ltssoc, wbiohe-or first happens, a Grazing Homostoad ij not oapablo of being mortgaged, assigned, or transferred, BOKUU SELECTIONS. Land ontlrely or oxtonslvoly overgrown by scrub may bo opsncdfor'to'ootion at Sorab j-elootions np to 10,000 aotos in or. a and with s term of thirty yoars. Thse aro olos-od aooording to tbo proportion covered by sorab, and for periods varying from five to twenty years, according to the olarslficntioa ; no rent it chargeable. During this first period the selector matt cle-ir tho whole of tbo scrub in oquul proponioncaoh yosr, and matt keep itf cleared, and most enclose tho pelootton with a good and substantial fence. The annual lont payab'o for tlo aubscqU' nt periods ranges from i I, to Id. per acre. A norto.itblo Icasoif Laued to the sclootor when bis aplioatlon has boon opprovod by the Cuurt. UNCONDITIONAL SFLEOITON3. Tbo groatcab area nllowod 'to lo acquired by any ono person ns an Unconditional Scluo iun in tho fame din riot ib 128J aorcSi tho prico per aoro ranges from 13s, 4d» npnatds, and Is paynble in tmoaty annual instalmen'e As iho term implies, no other oonditlonB than tho payment of the porchaso monoy aro atlaohod to this modo ot solcotiin, tho poiBonal disqualification impoBid io con nection with other modes being also removed, A negotiable loiss for tho term of twenty yoars is issued to tho soloctor when his application to select ba3 been appioved by tbo Court. A deod of grant may bo ob tained ut any timo on payment of tbo balanco of the'purohasiog prio % OCCUPATION LICENSES. In addition to tbo 6ovcral modes of acquir ing lind by eoleoti >n above described, pro vision is made for granting Occupation Licouoj without couditims otlwr than tho payment of rent In ropect of lands not held uudorany other tonmo. Tho tcnanoy of on Oceup.tioa License la from'yojr to year, and expires ou tbo 31st Decoaiboc, but insy bo renowed by poymoot on or hofo.o tho 30th Soptomtor of anoihtr year's rrnt. A lioenio is dctoimiu iblo, at iho cod of any year by six month j' notice proviously gi\en to -the licensee, by the hlmistor. land bold under Ocoupat:oa Licclso mny bo oponed for toloc- lion at anv timo without notion to the licoDsce, who may, howovor, cont inns to occupy it until is is sdocio I. Upf-n the Uitcr event Lis interest in the itnd ceases. 