Heart and Sword. By JOHN STRANGE WINTER, Authorof "BooUe's Baby," '/Beautiful Jim.' "A Magnificent Youncr Man," "A Bora Soldier," "The Colonel's Daughter," "The Soul of the .Bishop," "The Other Man's Wife,1 ' Regimental Legends, " "Caraliy life," Strange Story of iny Life," " He Went for a Soldier," " Mignon's Husband," etc., etc. CHAPTER XV.— (Continued.) To this luncheon she had invited her own manager and Sir John and Lady Trench, and I am hound to say that Mrs Alison carried away with her as false an Idea of the dramatic profession as she had Indulged In during all her pre vious life. She had, up to the time of her daughter-in-law's success, regarded the stage, as a pursuit, a sort of social Sodom and Gomorrah, denizened by per sons unfit for association with such august beings as herself. After Law rence Callaghan's supper and Miss Mal- linder's luncheon party it must be con fessed that Mrs Alison went back to her native fastness with quite as erroneous an Impression as she had held aforetime. They were impressions as far apart from each other as the poles are asunder; for her the theatrical world was from that time peopled with a new race — a race courteous, quiet, studious, unselfish, even ascetic. To her Philip Lavender, with his clear- cut monkish face, was like some figure out of history. In all her life before she had never seen such a man. His great personal dignity, his quiet reserve, his studious manner, the way in which he spoke, always when he gave an opin ion with the manner of a person who knew, the wonderful fire of wit which passed between him and Sir John Trench was a revelation to Mrs Alison. She had heard of scintillating wit but she had never known it before, and some how that day she realised that there were heights which she could not reach; somehow she felt that although they were in excellent society at Little Graee- thorpe, all the well-born, well-placed, affluent people whom she knew were as nothing compared with these two able brains fencing brilliantly together. During that one short meal Mrs Ali son realised that the elect are not ne cessarily of .one tribe. She ' began to understand, as she heard her hitherto unconsidered little daughter-in-law sending out quick brief flashes of wit, like a tiny rapier between the heavier swords of Lavender and Sir John Trench, that to be of the elect you must be born, but that your birth need not of necessity be noble. I heard a great painter say once, "There are only two classes of society, the aristocracy and us." With Mrs Alison up to that time all society had been represented by one class of people — the County. The County and not of the -County. She had recognised no wijier lines. In one week's visit to London she recognised the full social value of Miss Mallinder, the actress? CHAPTER XVI.— CAPTAIN ALISON. Archdeacon Alison's visit to Lawrence Callaghan's theatre gave that young man a new idea. It happened, during the few days following the memorable visit and supper party, that several people inquired of him in a more or less jocular manner as to whether the swag ger old parson had expressed any opinion on the morals of the play. "Opinion," he returned to each ques tion; "by George, but didn't he express an opinion. He told me that it was the finest sermon he had heard preached for years!" "You don't say so! Well, there's never any knowing what these parsons will do or liow they'll take things. I should have, thought that a cut-and-dried old chap like that would have taken the cut- and-dried line, and aired all the old ideas about purity and such like. I should get a few more parsons, if I were you; it's wonderful the influence a parson has in a theatre— far more than he has out of it." And at that moment a new idea struck Lawrence Callaghan. He was not a young man to let the grass grow under his feet, and when a bright idea struck him he lost no time in carrying it into effect. So from that moment any clergy men who arrived at Lawrence Cal laghan's theatre were politely and firmly told that they would book them seats with pleasure, but that Mr Callaghan did not take money from the clergy. It was a clever move. Oddly enough, the scheme never found its way into the Press, and many were the conjectures as to why the clergy had so thoroughly taken up the play of Prudence Pasturell. "What is there about it that gathers all the black coats here?" said a man one night, looking round the theatre. "There are seventeen clergymen here, and they all se,em to be thoroughly approving and enjoying the piece. I shouldn't have thought it a play likely to attract par sons." However, Lawrence Callaghan kept his own counsel, and his clergymen guests did not betray him, excepting to one another. So the reputation of the piece grew and grew. It seemed as if the public would never be tired of it; and Kit Mal linder began to be called the actress of long runs, and to acquire, among her other jewels of reputation, that of being a mascotte. It seemed as if there could be no check to the brilliance of her career. - Her great gift had carried her what ' jyaa more, kept her there. The great success grew as only a great success ever can grow. There was never a wiser saying than "Nothing succeeds like success." So time rolled on, and the play had been running for nearly six months, and seemed like to run for six and twice six again. This brought the time to the very end of the season, when Lawrence Callaghan intended to close his theatre, and to make a short tour through the provinces, playing at a limited number of first-class towns, and taking a short holiday before opening again in London the first week in October. By this time it must be confessed that Kit -was looking forward to a holiday with all her heart. She had scarcely been a night out of the bill, the part was an extremely tiring and exhausting one, the heat of that year was very great, and she began tg th'.nk With 2. longing which was almost passionate of Scotch Moors, of sea breezes, of snow-covered Alps. She had never been in Switzerland, she had not the least idea what the Alps were like, but such was the bent of her mind. And at last they got to their clos ing week. It happened one morning that Kit wqnt Into the dining-room of her flat where her sister-in-law, Violet, was reading her letters. She was very pale and weary looking, her face not much less white than the cambric wrapper she was wearing. "You look like a ghost, Kit," said Vio let, cheerfully. "I feel like a boiled rag," said Kit, promptly. "I will tell you what it is, Violet, I want a holiday." "Well, j'ou'll soon have one now." "Yes, I know." "Try to make a good breakfast," said Violet, cheerfully. "I believe that is one of the great secrets of keeping well. You don't eat enough. This kedgeree looks awfully good." She was a very helpful and judiciously kind girl. She poured out Kit's coffee, coaxed her Into eating the kedgeree, told her one or two bits of gossip which she had gathered from her letters, and min istered to her generally in a way which made the jaded actress feel years younger and pounds better. Then Kit began in a desultory kind of way to open her own letters, while Violet took up the newspaper and glanced at the contents. They had not sat thus for more than two minutes when Violet uttered an ex- clSmation ; "Oh, Kit; oh, Kit," she said. "Oh, Kit!" "What's the matter?" said Kit. "Bad news?" "No, dear, not bad news. He's got his troop." Kit's face suddenly bloomed out to a fine roseate hue. "Oh!" she said, with a sigh of relief. "Then it won't be long before he is home again. Oh, how I wish he could come while I am free." "You will telegraph the news?" said Violet. "Telegraph! Had I better?" "Oh, yes, I should. He will know it sooner, and when you are making ar rangements every day is precious." The result of this announcement and of the telegram which was soon speeding on its way to apprise Gregory of his changed rank was that he hurried up his affairs so as to get home as soon as pos sible. He had been so impatient to re turn to England that he had pri vately made all arrangements for transferring himself as soon as he should he gazetted to his troop, and by the time Kit was free of her work and entered up on her holiday, Gregory Alison was due to arrive in his native land. She went to town to meet him She went alone; for as the time drew near for his arrival a curious hesitancy took possession of her. She felt as if she were going to meet a stranger, someone whom she did not know and who did not know her. And in a sense she was right. Personally, Gregory was more attrac tive than ever. The three years which he had spent in India had bronzed him to a fine copper tint; he was broader than of old, though still lithe and lean; in manner he had gained, and it must be remembered that in manner Gregory Alison had never been wanting. He was intensely attractive, and as Kit saw him coming along the platform to meet her, her heart gave a great sick throb of anxiety at an end. And he thought her lovelier than ever. "You are just the same," he kept on saying, that first evening, " not a bit spoiled." "Did you expect me to be spoiled?" she asked, at last. "No, not exactly, but I did think you might have got to look— well — I did think it possible that you might show the stage a bit more than you do." "In short, you thought that you were coming back to somebody you would be thoroughly ashamed of." "Oh, my dearest!" he exclaimed, "what nonsense! How can you sug gest such a thing even in jest!" he cried. "It was only that I didn't dare- to think —you have made such a great name, yoi have gone to the very top of the tree, as you- have done— I did not dare to think you would be just the same when I came back again. It is the most wonderful thing to me. I never dared to think that my wishes would so completely, come true as that I should find you just as you were, the same, sweet, un spoiled little girl, all redolent of the country." "Ah, dear boy, it is little enough of the country that I have had," she she, smil ing at him. "You have longed for the country again?" "Oh yes, in a way. But I couldn't go back to Littie Gracethorpe and exist, as I used to' do. It would be impossible. I have lived since I began to work." She had a whole month of holiday be fore her, a whole month in which she need think of nothing, worry about no thing; only give herself up to pure and absolute enjoyment. It was like a new honeymoon. They went down to Little Gracethorpe for three or four days, and then they went abroad; for, as Kit said, in the past her peregrinations had been limited, first, by means and then by want of time, "and now that I have three weeks to spare, do let us go and see something outside our own country." It was, of course, all one to him where he went, so long as he was with her. They took their tour leisurely enough, and few people who met them would have believed that this quiet-looking, soft-eyed girl was the great actress whei had set England on fire. Practlchlly', they were incognito during the whole of the time, which, as she explained to him, was one of the advantages of- her not have gone much into society "Which I think," said he, "is rather a mistake on your part If you have the chance of going into good society the more you see of it the better." "Not for an actress," she said, with' decision, "and we are reaping the bene fit now In being left to ourselves" I think that the most curious effect'of his reunion with Kit upon Gregory Ali son was the fact that he had always to' subserviate Ills plans and wishes to hers. Not that she was In the least bit dictatorial, never was anybody less so; but for the last three years she had been in the habit of always settling all questions for herself, and it had be come a habit with her that she could not defer to the opinions or indeed to .the wishes of others. Their very tour, of course, depended upon her engage ment with Lawrence Callaghan, and in a certain sense it fretted him that she had only three weeks at her disposal. However, they returned to London in' time for her to attend the rehearsals for the reproduction of the great play, and for a whole week they religiously went to a theatre every night, for, as Kit said, she had so little chance of seeing what others were doing that she had not the smaliest chance of getting a wrinkle from anyone else. He soon found that there was no go ing to other theatres, or stirring in Lon don, without its being known that Kit was Miss Mallinder, the actress. Every, evening, in whatever theatre they went to, Kit held a little court before each of the acts, and Gregory Alison soon found that Kit's world set but little store by him; indeed, he found himself con tinually elbowed to the back of the box with but scant ceremony, and it was evi dent that the majority of men, and ladies, too, who came to pay their court to Kit believed him to -be hut some or dinary hanging on young man. Once or twice Kit forgot to introduce him, or did not think those who came to visit her worthy his acquaintance, and purposely, omitted to make him known to them, but on such occasions he was fretted beyond any words to express. "Don't all these Johnnies know that I'm your husband?" he askCd, rather crossly, one niglit, when several young- men had reluctantly betaken themselves off out of her box. . . "Oh, no, I don't suppose they do, dear,"- she replied. "You see, they're not one's intimates. If I were to introduce them to you, you might think it necessary to ask them to come and see us, and that would be a. great nuisance. I will intro duce anybody worth knowing to you." "But I don't like your knowing all. sorts of people that you don't think it wortbi while I should know," he objected. She looked at him with mild surprise. "Dear boy, an actress can't help her self," she said gently. "It cannot be necessary to your posi tion that you should know all these people — all these fellows." . "No, not to my position; it is one of the accidents thereof," she replied, smiling. "But I only know them like this, you; know, in a theatre; I never let them crosg my threshold. I should have no peace of my life if I did. Never mind now, dear, the curtain is going up." He leaned his arms upon the front of the box and fixed his vexed eyes upon' the stage. Presently, however, his at tention wandered to the stalls below. "Now, who the devil . is that sandy- headed chap glaring at you? he asked iff a vexed undertone. "Oh, be quiet," said Kit; "I can't look at everybody who stares at me. Dear, old boy, you will have to get used to people staring at me— I never think about it." She would not turn her head in the" direction that he indicated, and present ly, when the curtain was lowered for the end of the second act, he exclaimed aloud again, "By Jove, he's grinning at you now as if you were a little barmaid!" in a dis gusted voice. With a sigh Kit turned her eyes tojj <Oh, that's Lord Inverness," she said, In n. tone of relief. At that moment Lord Inverness bow- J and rose in his sjtall. In a couple of mutes he was knocking at the door of fbe box, ah<TSlt had introduced >lm to i£r husband. Lord Inverness, if young, Sad still extremely good manners, uad h in spite of his dismay at finding that wit's =oldier-husband had actually ap peared on the scene, made severel cour teous inquiries, with an, apparent inter est which he was very far from feeling. But on the whole, lord Inevrness s visit a little mollified Gregory. 'He's not & bad sort of chap, no re- marked to her afterwards, in tones of immense superiority to so young a man, "but all these common little city John nies are too horrible; you ought not to encourage them." "My dear Greg," said Kit, laughing outright, "two of those common little city Johnnies were young men on very important newspapers, and the actor or actress who can afford to disregard such 'Johnnies' as you call them, does not yet exist. I am obliged to be civil, both" for my own sake and for my man ager's sake, to every one of such peopUe as those; and besides that, they are ex tremely nice, and have been extremely good to me, and I must ask you to be exceedingly civil to every one of them. It will do me irreparable damage if you are not." It was the first time that she had spoken to him in such a tone, and Greg ory Alison fairly stared at her in as tonishment. He had the good sense, however, to see that she was right in her attitude, and he was still glamoured by the unaccustomedness of her society. So he changed his tone, and said, "Oh, of course, if it is necessary that these people should be considered, I will be civil to them, but they don't strike me as being men of my own class, or of yours; and I do think, and always have thought, that it is a thousand pities for any man or woman to know people of a different class to themselves, soci ably, I mean; a matter of business is, Of course, quite another thing." So the tiny rift was passed over with out further trouble. But in the mind of both there was a lingering doubt, a dif ference. a something which had come to mar the full enjoyment of their bliss. For in Kit's heart there was a certrin feeling of restraint, a sensation that she was 110 longer a free agent, she who had been not only free, but omnipotent in all that pertained to her;, and on Gregory Alison's side there was a more sharply defined and more disagreeable feeling, a realisation, indeed, of a fact — of the fact that he stood completely outside his Wife's life, that he was in her world but not of it; that he was an outsider, an onlooker, almost an excrescence. The following evening saw the revival of Prudence Pasturell. He could not un derstand her excitement. "But you've played the thing for six months," he said, at last, "you can be in 110 doubt -bout it." "Oh, Greg, dearest. I cannot make you understand!" she exclaimed. "Per haps, when you have seen the play you Will understand me better." "Well, perhaps. As it ia I really can not understand you being at all nervous about a play that is a settled thing." Lawrence Callaghan had very early in the course of his management given Kit a tiny box to call her owij. It abutted right or to the stage, and held but two people. The corresponding one on the opposite side of the house iie had reserv ed for himself, that is to say for his own use. And here Gregory Alison sat alone to watch his wife in the part which had been one of her greatest successes. He had never in the least realised her popularity until he heard the roar which greeted her as she came upon the stage, and saw her as she stood there in her dove-grey gown with her little white fichu upon her shoulders, bowing and bowing and bowing amid those thunders of tumultuous applause. At last the tumult calmed down, and the play pro ceeded. "Well?" she said, as she got into the brougham in which he was awaiting her. "Well?" speaking very nervously, tell me, what do you think of it?" His answer seemed to freeze the very Jnarrow in her-bones. "I think," he said, in a cold, cutting deliberate voice, "that it was the most isgraceful exhibition I have ever seen in my life, and, as my wife, I forbid you to appear in the part again." (To be Continued.) 