THE CHElgalkfEit de MAISON !; ROUGE. GHAPtkRlgXXV.^-OoimmreD. ' j* glorious chajice ! a glorious rbance! Depend fully upon me.' 1 Now is .your tinie. No one is look ing. Open the barrack.'' ' It's done, -monsieur; 1 will' pray for you.' ' . ' ' It is not for me you' ought to pray. Adieu.' Anc the ' Citiien Theodore, after an eloquent look,, glided so adroitly under . the low' roSS--of the barrack, that he dii-appearedi'Jike,-; the fehadow Of the wai'er who closed the door. The worthy srribe drew the key from the toek, took some ]-apers finder his ' nrm. and went oir. of the vait ealoon'with the delightful thought' thai the stroke 'of five would ditperee' all' these rcgisteta like an ar rtar guard of idle bees. CHAPTER XXSVI. . the carizES tubodoee. The immense saloou was. iushrouded by. tbe- gray' rsn^ot .night,, oi-whicli the' wretched echoes .Jiaa learned to repeat thr severe words of . the. advocates and .the. suppliaut.jjueg; of .the pleaders. JTrom afai. iu, tho : 4^taucati.iu the. midst of the obscurity, upright, and immovable, n white .cqlunm. seemed watcUing-, in the centre of the.^oljl.like^,* .phautom uro tecto. over the. sacred 'place. ..The only noise heard in ,thi6 darkness .was the : nibbling , ^iuj'gan.opiujj. uf inijuineiitfble' rats,. who rumai^ed the papeuii. mftDs ei in the - xritortg huts, Un.vLug iirat' pmetrated as fai- as this sanctuary 'dt. -Themis (on acadenucjau, so called), nrid the loose, clatiluiiy keys, which 'apporired ! to proceed front .,uniler,.'the...g.rcuind, but all this only reverberated. in tbe dis tBcct; and nothing resembjiug '_'ja noise : ever interrupted the silent larkuese, whicl was not even broken upon by .the. apparition 'of' a ='stir. 'Most iH)qnestiou- ? flblj much terror was'occaslOuM at this hour by tue^saloon of a palace, whose wait of the .exterigr v/ere vet stuined wiih the blood' of the victims of Sep tf-mber^-wbose staircases had witnessed tin' descent iu one ' ilny of twenty-fire hi.mai: beings coudeftiiien to an Ignouiiui nus deajth, ??nud fieri;. ,-ated only by a fiv feet- from- tht-recH- of the couViergeric propled with bleached skeletons. Not withstanding, in-: tlie middle of this., frightful night— in Hlie mtdirt of this ij mo.»t. solemn . isii8:.ie, a. low jfrindjiig waf heard; the- .door of a writer's but ;turned upon its creaking hinges, and a rlindow, (Jai-ker ,than the shadow of ni.glil, glided cautiously out.flf thebar rack. Then the fidrce patriot we hnve hi arc' addressed1 n ' ''Monsieur, ' but wlio c.i-I(e6'him9elf: TReoaore, stepped ii- btly ever the- unevenMones. He held ;u his right hand a jKraderous iron lever, nnd will, his left in- his belt to ascertain the safety, of his1 flouble- barreled pistol. I -reckoned twelve stones to this part of the. cell, an.il there is the -jiid of the first. ? mnrmin-ed.he, and, a« lie calculat ed, groping .with the point of 'his foot, to discover the. chinks which time had rCLdercd .daily .more perceptible. ' Let me.see,*'^6aid be, ^tojipiiiir ;. 'have I taken my jpeasuremeut correctlv? ShalT' i possess' strength sufficient? And she— will she have the courage ? Oh, yes. her courage' is known' to inc. Oh, mon Dieu! raon Dieu'!' when I shall 'ake hi'- bnnd— when' I cnu say, ' Madame, yon are savodJ''; ? , He 6nddenly^p8used,.as if cniBhing this 'hope beneath iis feet. ' ' ifc .'' replieof1 he', '/earful nnd foolish prc ject. They say tho others hid them sehes under their bed-clothes, or con tCLted' themselves by roamin1* about drtf sed as laekSys, all—it is, that I not only- desire ;to%erve the queen, .but the wdma'p.^. We}!; to work ; we will sum n.n the'whtflej ? To raise the stone is aothiijj*; to^jjejto St Aijie'n'fc'tlie danger —they mnji, 'uerbajw come the ' rouuds ', but yet' they; never' do so. They can not. suspecf anything,' for I have not any abcomplicV »tii ?what is required with ijn ? oMrir'/ like mine to overcome the dnrk passage? In three minutes I am undci- her chamber; in five minutes I raise the stono which1 is on tbe liearth. Pbe will hear me working, but has too mDch firmness to feel alarmed; ou the .?contrary shp-.iw.ill understand that a fricmi is near, sind laboring for her de li vt ranee. Slu--.-ix guarded by two m»n wbo will doubtless hasten to the spot. Wtll. after all,.;' said the patriot, with a melancholy- suiile. lookiug firet at the weapon concealed in his girdle, and then a1 tin* one. lie. held poised in his ^land, ' E- double sliot from this. . pistol, or a ctuple uf strokes from this iron bar. Poo,- creatures - they will die like others not more culpable than themselves.' Am\ flip Citizen /Theodore resolutely pressed T.he lever between the shinks of X.W- fine-stunt*. At vthis monient a viiicl light gleamed lfke a my of gold across the stones* and a uois..-, rei-eat- eii bj the echoes of the vault, caused the conspirator to turn, and then with ii single boundto- conceal-'hiniHeir in the stnll ' Smiii Voices, weakened by the distance, nu« 'softened 'by the eiaotion es-pe'rienced by every one nt night iu n Inrge- n.ml deMbite- building, reached tbe ears of Tlieodore. He etoo|ied down, Jind through »n aperture in the stall perceived first a man in military cos tume, whose -Harge saber, daugiing nfeninst the pavemeut, partly- pruduced tli« Bound which; bad attracted his at teition; then.,* .man in a pistachio colored «uit,,kr)ldingr a rule in 'n's hand and n roll ot^ 4«ij)ers under his arm. Thirdly, a. mnn in, a large waistcoat of ntleei' and fitf ' boiiiief : and astly, a fourth, witli -iv-io3eif shoes a,ud a blus,e. Tne iron gnje, Di's Merclers, ground -lpon i^ sonorous httiges',-1 rattlinjt the chain intended to kecjj it ojfen tlurinE the day. The four meu entered.-;' ' ' ? 'A round,' murmured Theo'dore. 'God b; praised! five minutes ?]ater''arid I slf.uld have lwetf ruined.'' ? - - ? He then, with the Outmost' attention, endeavored to recognize tbe individuals who composed the round— i-udeed, three, of them wmAbowb to him. , He who wi.lkcd firi).v.c1-i-l iu-the cos^ume'of'a' 'gfr.ernl. vvas IToSiriot?; 'the nia'n inline . hairy bonSet was Richard,' the '. con cierge, and: tlfe inan ?B' tbe 4dou*e was, in all probability, a'4Srnkey. But the man in the pistadhio-colored coat be Mad never seen— he =wae totally iiiiiknpwjj to him: Who or what oould this nan' be? am', what bromght, at t-u o'clock at night to do.the^Sallc des Pas-Perdus; the general of tbe Cnuimune, the guardian of the conciejjrerie, a turkey, and this man ltr'-Timm? Thi' Citir.pn Thendorp «. znaiued kneeling, with one nand on his lOHdei. pistol; ? while with the other he replaced his., bonnet, which his precipit oui .movement,, had somew'iat dis ananged. ... c Up. to. this inoiiieut. the uoctumaj risiv tore had. kept eilejit, or, if they ha4 sjjoken, their words had not reached the eai-i of the conspirator, but, when about' ten paces from his lurking pluce, Hcu riot ipitkef and his voice was distinctly heard by the Citizen Theodore. '*' We ore nowi'-said lie, ' in the Salle des Pus-Pcirdus, Iti«for you now to gLide us, Citiien Architoct, aud to en deavor to convince us that your revela tion is- no ? idle story, for, you see, the . reiolutien baa -done justice to nil this ffllj, and- we beiieve.no more iu these subterranean J-aBsages .than in ghoste. .What do youeay, 'Citiien Jliclm- ! '.' ' ad ded, Henriot,, turning toward the m:iu in tb- fur bonnet and ra teen vest. . .'. I have jterer said there was any subterranean vaseage under, tbe con ciergerie,'^ said ' he,' ' There is Grac cluf,, who has been turnkey for ten ycart, and, .^cons^uenlly, is acquainted wfth the whole of lie coneier^erie,' nnd hf ignores the existence of the vault *of which the ^itjJen Giraud has spoken. However, as-' th-:Citiren Giiratid is' the ciVr architect, ' he ought to know bet than any of us. It is 'his 'business;'' ' Theodore shiverad from head to -oot 1 01 hearing these words. ' Fortunotely' niurmurcd he, ' tho saloor is large, and before they iind what they search for, two days at least must exirire.' But the architect Opened hits great 10B of papero, put on his spectacles, and kuelt ' down to examine more 'ully the plbu by the trembling light of the lantern which Gracchus held in his hand. ? I fear,' w«d Henriot, ironically, 'that the Citizan Giraud has been dreaming.' ' You will see, CStSten General, if I an? a dreamer. Wait a little-wa.it.' ' You see, we are waiting,' said Hen riot . ' Good I' said the architect ; and be begaz. to calculate. ' Twelve and four make sixteen,' said he, ' and oight are twenty-four ; which, divided by six, nil) k-w four, and then half remains ;. lhai is it I maintain my ojiiniou, and, if I un deceived, call me an ignoramus, that's all ??? ' ' . ' The architect pronounced these words with an assurance which terrified the Citiien Theodore. Henriot regarded the plan with a spt-cies of respect, feceing be admired ?more' than he comprehended it. - * Now, follow what I sav.' ?: '? Where ?' said Henriot.' -.' Upon the chart which' I have drawn. Phrilieu! here we are. Throe [eet from thr wajl is a movable stone I have mark et' A ; do you see !' '* Certainly, I«ee A,' snid 'Scnriot. ' Do ygu think I do not know how to read ?' ' ? '.unuer .-.tbis... stone,' continued the architect, ' is a staircase ; do you see? It is marked 13.' ? ' V.' El' said Henriot; 'I «ee B, but I tfo not «'ee tlie. staircase';' '«nd : the general smiled at his own factiousness.' 'When once the stone is raised, ? the fooi Ouce ui»n the step, conut . fifty paces looked up, aiid-yon will find yourv selt exactly at the regiNter . where the subterraneous passage tenuiiiates, puss injf under, the cell of tbe queen.' ' Capet's widow, you mean, Citiien ?Girnud,' said Henriot, knitting his .brows. . ? . ' Yes, Capet's widow.' ' Why did you s«y the queen ?.' ' The old custom.' * You say, then, it may be found under the register ?' demiioded Richard. *.' Not ouly in ths register, but ???I*' I will tell you iu what part you will discover it ; tinder the stone.' ' That is curious,'', said. Gracchus, 'for I- have noticed Mint every time I drop j pel', ji log in that, place the stone re: I sounded., In short, if we find your. j statement correct, Citizen' Architect, I ? shal! pronounce geometry ii fine thing.' ' Then declare it, Citizen Henriot, for I »e now going to conduct you to the plucw indicated by the letter A.' The Citizen Theodore mode his nails . fierce hi.' flesh. 'When 'I have seen it,' said Henriot, 'when I -hnve seen it; I rather resem ble St. Thomas.' - ' Ah ! you said St, Thomas.' ' Yes, «s you said ' the queen,' from mere habit ; lint they can not accuse me ot-conspiriug with him.' *' Nor 1 with the queen.' After this retort the architect lelicnte ly. placed his rule, reekoued the distance, thec stopped, haying apparently finish his hif calculatipn, and struck upon a particular stone. This was the identi cu' stone struck by the Citizen Theb dort in his fit of frantic rage. 'It is here, CitUeu General,' said the architect. 'You fancy so, Citieen Giraud.' Our concealed patriot .so far forgot hihiself as to strike his thigh with his clinched uaiid, nitb difficulty suppress ing a deep groan. 'I am positive,' said Giraud; 'and your ?examination, cdmbiued with my report, will prove to the Convention I have not been deceived. Yes, Citreen General,' continued the architect, ? with emphasis, 'this stone opeus upon a'-subterrauean ? passage, ternrinatiBg at the register, and passing below the celi-bf' the^ Widow . . Capet. Let us raise the . stone, ' descend with me, and I will convince you that two men, even one man, could ! effect a rescue in a single night without anyone suspecting it.' A murmur of terror and admiration, elicited by the architect's words. ran through the group and faintly reached the Cititeu Theodore, wbo seemed turned to stone. 'Look ot the danger we run,' con tinued Giraud: 'Well, now, with a grat ing which! I tfiall place in the middle of this underground passage, .before it reaches the cell of the Widow Cu|«t, I Khali save the country.' ' 'Ah, Citieeii.Heiiriot,'.'-\ said Giraud, ; 'that is an idea bordering- on the sub iliine.' ? '. 'Perdition. seiee you;'addle-pated fool!' grnmbled the patriot, . with rdoiibled fury. 'Now, raise the stone,' snid the archi tect to tbe Citireu Gracchus, who, in addition to a lantern, carried a crow bar. He commenced his work, and ia a sec ond the stone was raised. The passage appeared open, witli the staircase lout in its profundity, while the moist nir es caped like apestileut vapor. 'Another hbortive ' attempt,' inur muied the Citiien Theodore. 'Alas ! Heaven dons not will that she shall es cape, and her cause muBt be. accursed.' ' CHAPTER XXXVIL THE CITIZEN GRACCHUS. For. an instant the three men remain ed petrified at the entrance of tlie vault, while the; turnkey plugged .his lantern iuto the opening without being able to pene trate, its depth. The architect trium phantly fcxulted over his companions from the summit of his genius. 'Well ?' said Tie at length. 'Ma foi ! yen,' replied Henriot, 'here, incontestable, is the passage. It only reemains to know. where it': leads to.' 'lYes,' repeated Richard; 'it remains *n know ttnt.' ; - ? .'? ''Well, then, 'descend' yourself, Oitiren Eichard, aud tlieu you will see I ; hare told you the truth.' ??_ _ . . .-: ' %. 'I have something better to : dp than -go in there,' sai'd the cbncierge.''We will return with you and the general to the couciergerie. There you can raise the hearth-stone, and we #iall see.' .' 'Very well,' said Heiiriot, 'we wi)l return.' ' ' :' ' Hut we must be careful,' said the architect; 'this stque remainiug ' un closeo may offer an idea to sotneione.' 'Who the devil do you imagine .ever como- here al this hour ?' said Henriot. 'Besides,' said Richard, 'the hall is1 deserted, oiid to leave Gracchus liere ia sufficient. Remain here, Citizen Grac chuh, and we will return to' you from the other side of the subterranean i«ias age.' 'Let 'it be bo, then,' said Gracchus^ ' Are you armed ?' demanded Henriot. ' I have my sword and this orowbar, Citiiei General.' ? ' Keep strict watch ; in ten minutes w\» will be with .you.', Ami having closed the iron gate, the threi took their departure by the Gal lery des Mercicrs, to find thi» particular crtrance to the couciergerie. ? . ? . The turnkey watched their receding footsteps, and followed them with' his eyes ae :.tr as he. oould. see And listen a,i long as he bnd anything to . hear; tbeit all . relapsed Into silence) nnd, sup posing himself in perfect solitude, Jie placet, his lantern on the ground, then «i; down, his legs overhanging the - depths of the vault, and began to dream. The turnkeys ' dia dream sometimes, but did not often trouble themselves to (ind out what wB^Uie subject 'of their dreams. . All at once, in the midst of this profound rererie, he felt a hand pressed ' upon his shoulder. He turned roiinfl, and at tempted, on seeing a stranger, to give tbe alarm, but at tbe earn* instant a pistol gleamed before his eyes. The accents were atraatad in tta throat, hie arm.- fell listlessly fcr l.is aide, and ii. eye* iipsnmed -the most suppliant ex pretfiionr ? ,- ' ' ' * ' ' Not a word,' said 'the -intruder, ' or you are a dead man!' * . ' 'What do you want, monsieur ?' said the turnkey. Kveu in '93, there were mpmentswhen thej had not sufficiently tutored them selves, and pmitteii the say ' Citiseu.' ' I wish,' said the Citizen Theodore, ' t- be allowed to enter down thera.' '?' What for ?' ' Never mind.' Thi- turnkey regarded the person whn proffered -this request with the most profound astonisbmeut ; but iu the meau tifn( his interlocutor fancied -he detect-, ed a ray of intelligence on the mans' countenance. He lowered his pistol. ' Do you rftnse to 'inn-Ice, your fortune T' 'I don't know. Hitherto uo one has evrr made me a proposition on' the sub ject.' ' - 'Well, then, I will begin.'. ' You offer to make my fortune ??' 'Yes.' ' What do you ..mean by a fortune ?(' 'Fifty thousand golden Hvres, for in stance.' ' ' Money ie jscarce, and fifty ^thousand lirres now 'arc, 'worth a million/' 'Well;Tl offer you that sum.' ? .-.' ' To go down there ?' r-- . ' 'Yos; but.- on. condition that you 'ciifne wiih me, and afford me your .as sistance in. any /undertaking.' ': ' But. w.hftt. are you going to do? jln five minutes 'this passage will be filled witl- soldiers, who will arrest you.' ? The Citizen Theodore 'was forcibly Btruck' by this argument. ' ' .. ... '' ' ? ' 'Can not you prevent the Soldiers, dctceudiug there?' ' ,. ? ' :, !, VI have no means of doing. '^sd; ;I knqjrr. . none, I scareh in .vain.V . ' ?J'.'.!! Indeed, it , was vyident the turnkey; taxe'd Ojll the powers. 0! liiff meatal ener cie*' to discover ' souie 'means' dfl re$U«-_, ing the sum of fifty thousand' Sivres. 'But,' 'demanded' -Hie Citiien Theo' dore 'could we not inter to-morrow .?'? ' Yes : but to-morrow, a- grate of iron ? will be nlaced across the passage, oc cupyiug the whole 'width, and for ihe greater security it is arranged that this purtition should be entirely eolid, aud without even a door.' '.Then wp must think 'of something elp- ' said Theodore. ? , ' Yes : we must find some other w-n.y,'' eai(f. the turnkey. ?? -.. . It may be seen from the manner in whicl -Gracchus had been experimen talized 'with, that an alliance was uJ rtadj formed between himself (uid the Cijii'en Theodore. ' What do you do alr thr- couciergerie?' . -. ' I Jim a tin-nlcey.' ' flTmt do you do ?' ' - ... '.I open. the doors and shut them.' ' Do you sleep there?' . ' Yes, monsieur.' 'Do you laEe yourmeale there?'. ' Not always. . I have my hours ot ; ! recreation.' ' ? ' j ' And then?' ' I avail myself of them.' ! ' ' What to do ?' '?. ' Tc pay my respects to the mistress of the Cabaret du Puits-derNoe, wlio hus jiromiaed to marry me when I am puh6(S8Bed of twelve hundred francs.'' I ' Where is the Cabat dn Puitsdei j Noe ?' ' Near the Rue de la Vieillc Dreperie.' ?Very well.' ' Hush, monsieur !' Tin- imiriot listened. !' Ah, nh !' said he. : . ' Do you hear?' 'Yes. Voices nnd footsteps.' ' They are returning.' ' You see, we should not, bave haO ' time.' - This momentarily become more evident. ' That is true ; you are a brave youth, citizen, and .are, through me, predestin ed-1 ' '. - .. ' Tc wbRt ?' ' To be rich one day.' ' '' God grant it!' .' ' . ? You, then, .still believe in fiod ?' , ' Sometimes one thiiig, sometimes' an other. To-day, for example.':''1' ?- .' Well 7' r ' I willingly believe.' ... 'Believe, tiieu,' said the Citicen TJieor dore, puttiug teu-louis into the' mail's1 hajid. . . 'The 'devil!' said he, regarding the. gold by the light of the lantern. ' Is it serious ?' ' ' '*' ' It could not be more so.' 'What must I do 1' ? ' Meet me to-niolrow at the Puits-fle-' Noe. I will the;u tell ynu whait 1 re quire ot you. What js your nauiev?' ' Gracchus.' a pistol (rij:AMi:ii liKi-'oui; liis i:\\-es. ' -\'ell.- Citizen Gracchus, get your self dismissed from here to-morrow by the Concierge Kichurd.' ' Dismissed ! Give up my . place ?' ' Do you I'eckou on remaining1 a turn key, with fifty thousand iivres'?'. ' No ; but being a, turnkey and jioor, I am certain of not being guillotined.' ' Certain ?' 'Or ueurly so; while being free -and rich-' -. : , , ' You wili hide your money, .and malta love to a tricoleitse, iustead of to *tba' mistress of Puits-de-Noe !' - - ' Well, then, it is settled.' 'Tot-morrow a,t the cabaret.' 'At 'what hoiir'?' ???'?'-? ' ? ? 'At six- in the . evening;' '??? j ? 'FJee quickly ; there they fire: I tells you to be quick, because, I presunie, you., descend and go through the arches.' ' To-miiirrow,' repeated Theodore, 'hail' tuning away. -' — ?And not before it was time, for the' roiees and ^steps. flppralifihcd, and lights . were already visible iu the obscurity of ' the underground passage. Theodore gained the gate indicated by the owner of the hut, then opened the lock with his crowbar, reached the wiudow, threw it open, dropped softly into the street, and found' himself upon the pavement of the Republic once again. Before quitting the SaJle des Pus-Perdue he. heard the Citizen Gracchus again ques tioned Richard, and also his' reply. ' The citizen architect was quite right, passage passes -,below the chamber of _, the Widow Capet, 'and it was danger- r OUB.' - '?'? „ : ' I' believe it,' -said Gracchus ;: and in this instant he told -the entire truth, Henriot reappeared at the opening o{ the staircase. - .'.'And'^the -workmen, Citicen Archl. tect?' demanded he of Giraud. ,--?- 'Before daybreai,.they,will:be here,'' the supporters fixed, djid the gate hnug,'i! replied a. voice which seemed to-' mt-i' ceed from the bowels' of the earth,,'. ;, ,? 'And you will have saved the cpup try,' eaid Henriot, half in' 'Jest, half in earnest. . ? r:n.' ? 'Yon little know the truth of what „ you say, Citizen Ceneral,' murmured Gracchus. ??'?'? CTHAPTEE XXXVm.. ?.,. . '? THE ROYAL CHILD.. In the meantime, as we have reen in . the chapter preceding, the queen's trial was abpnt to take place! It was al ready surmised that by the' sacrifice of this illustrious head, the popular hatred, ?a long since displayed in murmurs; would at length be satisfied. The means ?were not wanting for the completion To be ooirjunnm. - 