ENGLISH LITERARY NOTES. (From our Special Correspondent.) London, June 17, 1898. The book o f the week has been the snonymons 'Collections and Reeollec-<*> tions," by one who has kept a diary (Smith, Elder,&aCo.;), which is the most entertainiag Iwofcot reminiscences issnea this year. The-{tapers originally appeared .la tbe Manchester ""Uuardian." and arc JEertcrally i;<_i ributed to .Mr. <•- W. K. Hus .'tsell. His collection of anecdotes Js fnci ftaustible; his pen aiiJ iiiJc portraits of eele feritves ciianicreri-tic: aa.l bis extensive literary nv>:-u 'tastefully arranged. Voa~ frersatiou, Repartee, Parliamentary Ora 'toTy, ■"Clergymen, 'titles, I'iiuwKlonis, V'ir- Powers, these aie t!ie subjects of Borne at the- most attractive chapters. I have oniv sjwee for a plum or two as a fcuuple of '..>.c literary banquet, Here are two of "J'izzy"-'—""He called his simple drawing-room the saloon, he styled his pond the lake, ho esqmtiatcd on the bean ties of the imm walks, the 'Golden Gate' and the 'Gorman Forest/ liis style- of entertaining wik more showy than com fortable. Nothing could ,excel the gran deur of Jiis state coach anil powdered fooi men, hut when the ice at dessert came up melting, oi-i of his friends exclaimed "At last, my tkar Dizzy, we have got -some thing hot,' end iv the days when lie ws Chancellor of the Exchequer, some criticrl guest remarked of the soup that it was ap parently jaade with .deferred stock. Winin Lady Beaeonsfield died, he sent for his agent,: and said, 1 desire that her lady ship 8 remains should be borne to the grave by the tenants of the estate.' Presently thfcigent rame back with a troubled eoun jtHmjy/- and said, 'I regret to say. there ore'jipt te.iants enough to carry a coffin.' lord Oda Xfussell, our ambassador at Ber lin, Was cctreated by one of Lord Bca consfidd's private secretaries to prevect fthc chief .asking a long speech in French fat'TJEhe'opfTjing of the Jierlin -Congress. Dizzy had -mitten the. speech, _and cot it by heart, Ant -as' he pronounced 'epicicr* be if it thvmcd with •overseer^ he was mi ■ rmiyifnpnf Hunger of malang himself ridwru lous. Lord Odo liussell interviewed Dizzy 'in liis bedroom, pointed out that to make a French --peech was commonplace, and £hat ihalt-vUozen men at the Congress could do it almost, ?f Dot quite, as well =?s the Prime Minister of England. ' But, oa the other hand, who but j-ou can make an English speech? " All these plenipoten tiaries have come from the various courts ,iof Europe expecting the greatest ,«nteHee 'taal treat of their lives ■ ,vx hearing Eng lish spoken by its greatest living master. The question for you,- par dear lord, is, ■*\VUI you eisapppint them?' Lord Bea smsfield nnt his glass iu'his eye, fixed his on Lord Odo, and said, 'There is much force in what j*>u say. I will : consider lie point.' And next day he opened the proceedings, in. English." Yon may. not have heart this one of little \- Fxihee Alexander jof, Sdttenb'urg before — "Likc'many other littleawys, lie ran short of pocket-money, and Wrote an ingenious letter Vto "his august r grandmother, as^nj . for -some. Blight pecuniary assistance. He •^reeewed :W return a fust rebuke, tell'ng ilnn^that: little boys should keep within itheir limits, and that iie must wait until jh? Jsext allowance.became due. Shortly >*fterwarxte. the undefeated little Prince re- the correspondence in something like the fiJUoiving foam—Us dear grand mauiaia, ,I:am sore yon win be (dad to . know that I need \n«t trouble you for r.ny , money just now, for I sold your last letter :to another boy her£ for SOs." " . JpweU, l&elafai; master of Bafliol, ;n -ppired the two foubwing— *; At dinner at BalHpl the master's guests were-discussing the careers jsfjt\n) BaliioKmen, the one ,of whom ha(l'jns<? been made a judge, and Uie'other a bishop. 'Oh,' said Heury Sniith, 'I think &c; bishop fs the greater " man. A judge, at tbe most, can only 'say 'Yon be bulged,'' but a bishop can cay IKon lp d —t-A.' chaiacteris^ tirally twitted tie master, *but if the judg>? 6aj-B 'Zou bejnanged, you are hanged.' For luy bn-a part, I must freely admit that X do not wijte as an adniij-er. of Mr. Jovrett, but one, saying of his, which I hsd the advantage of hearing, does much to atone, In- nry. judgment, for the'snappish impertinepces on which his reputation for wftias boen generally based. Hie scene vas the raaeter'r. own dining-room, and tKe ntowent',-uot the ladies had left the yr«om_oiiex)f the puests tiegpn a most out- TasPoug tcnrersatioQ. . Every one «at rtfabbergastedl The master -winced wil'i and then, liending 'down tliej . table the offender, said in his .Ebrinpst tine^ 'Shall we continue this coa "verjratiohiin* tie drawing-room.?' and rose Jrom.hifc fhair. It was really a strokp of .raoins ?hns: both to terminate and to'i> .&feVthe;^mijoprie&;^io!ating :^witl>ofti -the i;<Jecorinn.'<iufiifrom host to giiest,'.' r- -.jCardinal who did not love' Car dinal ITeMinan, is responsible for this one — ■*rWhen Ke*man died there* appeared in a monthly nogazine a" series of very nn -flatterlne one who had known him'/it-e11.,' 'I to ask Cardinal ' Mannmg if7he "bad teen .These sketches. He replied that he had, .and' thought them -"*i^j Eho<*ing,'tlie writer mnsi^bare a -very nnenriahje mind,, &ie;^? and'tlien, baying tints <sacnnced to "propriety, .after a mo ment's pinscv he added. /But if jrou ask me 'if they are ite poor 'Nevnnan T am bound "tn sayr^.pliotiograph/"• '. .'. . . •". Tils' «tory -.of■;the dangers of .the road llirj?inttt* the ad\\-ance made in our eivilisa .iSon sioce the. times to which we diarisc-; "can look 'fiaeTc-f-"Anbther story of -lugbwny robbery'wluch'excited me -when I was a fcoy wa?i ttqct «f il>c fifth Earl of Berkeley, i.Trho.dmd in J£lo.. .He bad always declared , that any one might, without disgrace, Ue overcome by superior numbers, out that be .irould never-surrender to a angle higii ■Kkytrifn. be.was crossing.Honnsiow Heatlf one piglit, on his way from Berkeley y Castle.ito,Xion<i6u,' his travelling carriage ,-R-as Btopped by a man on horseback, who 'put his bead in at the window; land said. si I believe you are Lurd Berkeley?' '1 amf 'T_ itdfeve.you hare always boasted ;*Jiat'-jrpn.-?r6Hld never surrender to a single hijpUiriyflianr ,/i have.* "Well,' preseut ■sbsE-a "pistol,' 'lain a single highwaymau. :iim lisayc"'Vour money or yonr life."' 5 :^pu;*p«ferdly:-dog,' said Lord Berkeley, "/do you think Jcaii't see your confederate riznlkiii?-behind you?" The Highwayman. «i£Bol .-wa^jeally .alone, ■ -looked hurriedly j&mfL-;'-'iiid^Jjora"' Berfeeley "shot him ithrow^iJJiehead. T'asSed Lady Caroline Vaxse fl3oB-1886)'/who was born-a Berfc jieley,-if "flis story' was ;true. I can neva> ;foreet .my" thrill :tr|ien she replied 'Yes, jind T am proud to say that I am thst 'Uaji's.'dAnshter.*.'*.'l' Jn tbe jargon of the ptafc til? book is all "fat." . vMessrs-^Sbtheby, Wilkimion, and Hodp;e iiHVebefen holding a sis daj-s' sale of tli.^ manriscripte'and autograph letters of the ilaic^riTJwmas Phifiipps, F.BJ?. Tlio •jnost intereFting lote"wene an extensive col leMoh of-original letters and'papers of the .Fairfax family, in the time of James I. arid Charles f.. in one volume'folio, £28; -t collection lat one time in the posKessiqn of James Bosivell, the-youngfer), of 16 long "holojrraph Tetters of John'Drydeu to Mrs. ' Ftuart, Klmes Ste\rard, and William Walsh, the poet. 1698-1700, all full of rh .rab't imiioi^nt information relating to. the stase, his poems, and political matters, and most of them believed to be entirely nn raiblished. £330: and a large folio volume, . comprising the. original correspondence of Gromwell. Maior^Gcneral Lambert, Colonel Fairfax, Sir Thcjnas Fairfax. John "Morris, Goxiernor of Pontefract, Francis Hacker the regicide, and others, during the.-siege «f Pontefract, 164^49, npwards cf 160. letters and jpaiiert!, among -which arc rio than .eignt oripinal letters at Cromwell, purchased by Mr. Downing for ,Bir Richard Targyefor" £416. ; Pi>ignai'.t-like. obSieaiipii, ~a much-abused , word—Way be usei with propriety of Jlrs. i Jliinphrey \VkrA'a '"Helbeck of IJannls ' cjalel** fipirituaj conflict is once more '%er ;tneme. Tbe impossibility of reconcil -ihg'conflicting celigione by a common love leads .ti" a tragedy in five acts and nearly .500jiajgeB. 'Tbe scenes in which the drama takes place' fere as usual admirably and freshly-painted. "Helbeck of Bannisdale" is. not ? religious tract; it is a. human uocument.. ' . "MnsicaJ and Unmoral" is Mr. Georce v Moore's longwroded "Evelyn Innes." His . beroine-^save the mark—ends by finding "TOueolafcion in a convent, and discovering that hy denial of the sesual instinct we 'become religious. Kike a good many others in thin -world, she made the dis covery only when she bad sown a fertile crop .of wild oats. Evelyn was the danghter of an old-fashioned musician and 'ot a singer who had lost her voice. She van brought up on Elizabethan musrc— ■and played the -virginal. She didn't play it long, for a wicked, sensual Bart, came on the scene with a golden moustache, slight hips, and a fur coat. When oi « very slight aecfuaintance he proposed to take her to Pans as his mistress sne sbnd dered through her entire flesh, but only for a moment, for, after a brief vo'up , tuous" meditation, she struck a beautiful .'amorous attitude, and the liaison com menced. Sensuality and study were agrc? ably combined in Paris, until she became a priinn donna, with a range from the low \- A to the high C, and one octave as pure, sonorous, and romantic as the finest 'cello. Wagner was child's play to her. She learned liter parts when she was sipping her chocolate in her warm bed of a -morn ing, i habit to which, we are told, she was. 'much addicted. In London she picked up pother lover, one Ulick Dean, a com- I posor and music:il critic, with long hair, and a conversation like a musical dic [ ttoiuay. .She divided her attentions lic | tivocn the wicked CaL-t, who, \>y ,iiis time \rishcd to niawy ,her a?d,l?ccomc a re spectable member ro'f"soticty:' and tim <_o;n -lioser with thn golden glow in his cvom. She deceived them both, ;is well as her Jarlier, who, by the way, seemed on lior lttura more di.-tressed bei-aiise she i-nul<l \ no longer distinihiisli belwcini A Miarp! and U flat, than because >he iiad '•lockeii: hei-sclf into tne sensual present." Kvcn-i tually two contemporaneoiK liaisons j palled, the sensualirt" became not tiic e\\-crlasting obses-sion this time—but an op pression. After a deal of flopping upon the bed and sliediliup; stage tears tlie op pression became :i depression. A confes sion to a priest nude her feel better, and I .1 sojourn in a nkv c-Ican convent re*to<! j her nerves and made hnr feel chaste for at least a week, at the end of whii-li time she returned to the world, uneasy as to her future existence, but hoping that the nuns" prayers would intervene l>e lvecn lie;1 :ind s>in. A< tliis poiiit the curtain falls, with the odds ten to- one on isiii. This luxurious iSensuality, Arith nraeli inusital jargon, is the sort of slutf of which "Kvelyn Innes" is ram |iosed. I see, by the "way, that the book has obtained a nrst-cl.oss advertisement in licing placed on the Index Kxpurgatorius of W. 11. >?mit!i and Son's Library. Sir. John Lane has been exploiting lately several authors of ability, but with a leaning to the morbid and grimy side of life. Jlr. (filbert's "Of Necessity," a series of sketcbes of the sordid li(e of the clerkly class, is uov suft-eeded by Mr. T. Itiron ltussell's --A Guardian" of tlie Poor,'' which might be termed ''Life in the .Shop," for it deals with the sbop \valkei-s and young ladies of a Cambeiwell draperj- establishment, oivned by a salf lnadc, lustful, iwrapous hypoei-ite, Boriase, vrho—-when he can succeed—seduces his shop-girls and screws all the work he can out of his clerks, but poses as a humani tarian employer, and a pUikuthvopic ves tryman ajid guardian- A much, more cheerful book is Mr. Ihomas Pinkerton's "Snn Uoetles; a comedy of Nickname Land" (John Lane), an amusing bantering satire on the para sites who cluster round the wealthy. It is much in the same style as Mr. "ilichen's "The Londoners." but in a lighter vein and.with less boisterous tomfoolery. Air. Harpwell, tbe inagnaniinist, a " retired candle manufacturer, \rt«o owns at Polders wick, a riverside town, an Aladdin's palace run by electricity, contemplates building a bridge ever the river. His nephew, who anticipates receiving his uncle's fortuin>, eggs on the guests to devise some check mate to tliis project, and a plot is laid io induce Mr. HarpwoH to stand for Polders wick at the next election in the Liberal in terest, there being already a Liberal candi date, Lord Haslie, in the lield. Harp well is thought not to have a ghost of « chance, and likely to receive such a re ception as to deter him from further gener ons benevolence. Lord Hastie, however, to win the. love of Harpwell's daughter, offers to withdraw in favor of her J'atheri and only a hostile public meeting makes ihe latter retire from the contest. Tii. bridge is built, however, for the Honorable Susie Slackwater hooks him, and persuades Turn to give his county the bridge as n. first step to the peerage. Although all the characters are too much given to the everlasting epigram the dialogue is smnrt throughout, and Harpwell, Fill-up Phil pott, the lawyer, who sets all his fellow citizcns at loggerheads. Basker, the sports man, and bis pretty'wife, the lady whip of Eclipse Lodge.". Lord tlie cynical landless diplomatist, the baua! fatmst, and her Tubbic are a set of most amusing characters. _ A dfig contributes to the iunrgS3ic^l?PfcLiitui3jitL.i)eris*"a luxurious, weli-bred, rondescending animal his presence may he pardoned. "" Sun Berths" is a:clever literary tour- de-rorce. ■_ Mrs. Katharine Tynan Hinkson has ci! lected into one *T>lunie-'!TJie Wind in th? ™'*cc {Grant Hicbards), the Aigitive verses on:trees atj?|;&)ff'ersi^aJ7d biul/^^mnst fit which apnearetfan^tlie-^lall- iJallJGazetfo:'" The little verses "are begotten of sprinj!: tide, and are fragrant with the scent'of may, chesnnt, and lilies: gay with the golden fiame6_r<jf--daffodil. the .bloom of pear and blonnrjofrnlum; vand tbe sunburnt faces of rogy Tuples, and melodious with the-cry of the cuckoo, the song of .the lark cfimhmg an invisible stair, or Uie shrill whistle of chanticleer. There isr-n6 iprer tension whatever about these little poems, but they are dainty, simple, and beart-fclt |£acb is in itself a complete'concentration lof some ane phrase of a brigti"6prifap land scape, whose Salieiit cdlorha? -been feit but vragady-I^4he readerl" .Tie praU?; girl milking heX cow, tlie.^rind that shakes tlie barley, the^'gfeen^£&^4b.America^ raodereen rue (the litde^ca .rogue^-thc fox) have the pathehQ hmnot 6F the Irislii Here and there Mre. 4 Hinkstm strikes a deeper aote, or her Igolden^y '■'■ becomes a_ gray nun"of a day.'bift^re .niajoricy *>t the poems eavor oi the.scent of 'hay.? thorn and the Dlitheness of wora. It is hard to make, a -seleplaon. 'but «jiie of her daintiest-; -is•• -?-p;nk Almond :— ■ >.'•:.■■ \, '-.■" • ,So delicate, so airy; i: ' ' ."- " . ■ Tlie ai.-noiKl on tlie free." .-. . ' ■ Pink sar>- tlial sosm? pood fairy " lias made for rou and hie. . 7 A *litlie cloud of rts«.'-. ■ - . ; AU in a tvorid r>^,^T^r. Tho almond flower uncloses Upon the wild Jtarcb day. A mist of roses hloirinc Tlie ?var of foir and sleet, A <iust of roses showing For srraj' dust in tlie strret. Pink" snoir upon the branches. Pink snonrfiakes falling doirn In ros?- ava!anthj« * Upon tbe tireaiy town. .' ■ A mm, a sl'dwer of roses, til in a roselesE (lav; Tlie almond tree uncloses . Her roses on the gray. Mr. Bernard Shaw, whose initials' '"G. 8.5." no longer appear in the '"Satin--1 day Ueview," has been Seriously ill from overwork; He has given up" dramatic criticism, • and taken unto himself a wife {at the. -registrar's office), a wealthy Irish laHy, Hiss. Payne Townshend, who is a benefactor and trustee' of the London School of Economics. Despite the advice of his doctors, "G.BJ?." sticks rigidly to his vegetarianism. Possibly his wife may break him of this habit, and also convince him that chivalry and romance are not Hie baneful tilings he would have us believe. The one and only Marie might with ad vantage take a leaf out of tbe book of O.uida, who ,lhus replied to a correspon dent, writing her for material out of which to consti-uct a biography of herself:—"l have not replied to you becanse I regret to -rehise your request, and I cannot comply with it. AVh.it impertinence and vha't foily are these so-called biographies or persons who have done nothing to deserve such a punishment. The life oi such a man as Burton or Wellington contains material for history, but that of a man or woman of tlie world has nothing in it which is not essentially private and per sonal, and with which the public and tlie press have nothing to do. M# works are there for all to read. With my individu ality they have nothing to do. Print this if you like."' Marie's step-brother, by the way, Eric Mackay, has just died at tlie age of 47 from inflammation of the lungs. His "Letters of a Violinist," written out of doors', walking about in the country, was his most important work, but his talent as a versifier was displayed in "A Lover's Litanies," "The Lover's 3lissal." '■'Gladys, the linger," '"A fHjnp of Hie Sea." '"My Lady-of Dreams," "Arrr.wa of "Song," and "Xero and His father, Dr. Mackay, wrote in a very dif ferent style the stirring -songs of the "43 era, "Cheer, Boys, Cheer," which Henry Kussell made so popular. Kric Mackay of late had caused much amusement >>y bis advertisement of the loss at the sea side of the MSS. of some IJoems.-and by his castigation of a writer.in the' "Aca demy,'' ivlio had ventured .to attack Byron. That' eastieation was' the poei violinisf's last published poem, and began thus:— Byron, you say, conld barely iiinc ita? Into, Virile ntliers played it. He couM enly shout And roll out thunder—not a bad repute! An-J you, meanwhile, cun jest ana jump abcat <m ili-ad nn'i kisws, and"4*ll ?*. with a ?pin. Tlwt Byron's iimnps-irere'-inerciv froth and tin. God hplp y^u. Iran! Yon must be blind ind«i And drai" "to boot. ~)f voids so sr.?nd as liis So iraaiSit vrith fire, so filled vtitli ccstatsirs, Cvt move you not. You must be much in nee 3 <?f some c*>nwti'.e^—something to put riarnt That <plcen of ycure—vvhicb racks you day an-5 night. 