A Poor Actress. By F. FRANKFORT MOORE. "It's never Master Robert?" cried old Ma[?]getson, the butler, uplifting hie hands as the postillion pulled up the post chaise with a flourish at the porch of the h-all, nutl the Hon. Robert Chol mondtley dismouuted. " It's never Mas ter Robert !" he said again in more sub dned tones «s the young gentleman passed through the great oaken doors and began uubuttoning his rklSng cloak. " Why should it not be the person you name as well as the other person. Noah, my friend ?" said Mr. Cliolmondeley, " What Is there remarkable al>out this special visit of mine to the old house that you should look at me a* if I were a ghost ?" "Why, nothing, sir—oh, nothing only " •" Eh ? Only?—only what, sirrah ?" " Oh, nothing. air— nothing, only—well. I'm not supposed to know anything about it." " About it ? It ? What do you mean by 'it,' my friend ?" " Oh, nothing, Master Robert ; noth* Ing worth talking about, especially as every o_ne knows it's not true." " Faith, Noah, if 'tis the Hniniwhfre Idea that something is not worth Jalk- Ing about because it happens to be un true, it differs somewhat from the Lon don notion. 'Tworild seem that there is nothing worth talking about unless 'tis untrue." " May be that, sir ; may be that. Any how your're looking well enough, Master Robert, and if 'twas true, you wouldn't be that, eir." "If what was true ? Harkye, my old fox, I want to hear all that you know all that my uncle knows." 14 I'm not supposed to know anything about it, whatever the master may, sir." " Well, I'm quite content to suppose that you know nothing about it, but at the same time I insist on hearing all that you do know without any supposi tion. Come along nnd get me some breakfast. You can tell me something at least of what you know while I am breaking my fast—the remainder you will doubtless need to hold over—you know so much. I clearly perceive." " What sort of an old fool am I grow ing into anyway—never asking you if you had a mouth on you, Master Robert? If you go to your own room, oir. I'll have hot water sent to you in n jiffy, and you'll And breakfast laid for you when you come down. Well, I am an old fool, to be sure !" "To be sure of anything in tula,un certain world Is to be a fooL whetbef old - or young, No*li." With this expression of morality the young man went up the broad, shallow', stairs to the room which he wad in the, habit of occupying when on a visit to his uncle, Sir Jasper Cholmondeley. late of the Honourable the East Indhi Com pany's service. The butler shook his head. He did not like to hear moral sentiment* ex pressed by young men. His experience had led him to believe that when a young man gave expression to a moral •entimeat, especially oue bearing upon the uncertainty of mundane matters, he was in a perilous way. He*shook his head, and abused the lackey for his clumsiness In knocking the portmanteau against the wall as ho shouldered it to carry it ustairs. All the time he was laying the breakfast table he maintained that shaking of the head, now and again sighing lugubrious ly, and quite as frequently indulging in a chuckle, not wholly devoid of hilarity. The most conscientious of butlers—nay,, even Noah Margetson himself—looks forward with mixed feelings to a meer ing between an elderly gentleman with a reputation for irateness to maintain, and a favourite nephew who has shown a disposition to take a serious step in life- without duly consulting his rela tions. When, however, tlie particular ne phew, who was in his mind at that mo ment, descended the stairs and entered the. small dining-room on the table of winch a magnificent game pie stood by the side of a great round of beef on a. silver dish, and several other tempting viands, the butler was a butler once more—grave as a parson whoso hopes of a rural deanery have dwindled into vagueness—dignified as an alderman who is uncertain if the stability of the mayor's chair will remain unimpaired until the end of the year. "My uncle still breakfast* in hw room. I take it for granted. Noah," said the young gentleman. " How' has his appetite been of late ?" " As usual, sir : pretty much as usu al." replied the builder. "That is to say, sir. when his liver is in good working order His appetite is so good that he puts it out of gear again in the course of n day or two." "And then he's pretty trying to the people around him ?" said Mr. Chol mondeley. " I wonder how his liver is to-day." " I should say 'twill be very bad to morrow, sir." replied Noah. "He took a curry of veal for his breakfast, nt 7, followed by a slab of game pie and v savoury omelette and a, tankard of spiced ale." *' Faith, Noah, I think you have evi dence sufficient to enable you +o ssy that he will not be on speaking tdrill's w'th his liver to-morrow." " Swearing terms, Master Robert swearing terms." " Then 'tis lucky I cnm» to- day. Will he see me. do you think, knowing all that you know " "Well, sir. you see I'm supposed to know nothing about it ; but Isn't there a lady, see—'oasrways a fein.il? 7" "Yes, there's a lady. What ihon ?" " If so be she's a lady. Master Robert you can both come to tei-ms I'lraure." " What do you mean by both of us ? Do you mean that the lady ami I can come 10 terms ?" "I'm afr-ivl that you've .loao that al ready, sir. It's the ma^t-r mil yoi. I mean, sir. O's. Jud, lud • it's nevor true that his lordship, your father, «lr. has given his consent ?" "And you're the man that's supposed to know nothing about this business ! Get along, you old rascal ! I'm begin ning to think that you know more about it than I do myself." " Oh, no, no, Master Robert: I wouldn't dare to presume so- much. But they say tJ»af the looker-on sees most of the game. Now why don't you young bloods ask the opinion of a look er-on before you take to falling in love, and such like ?" * "Ah. Noah, why doesn't a blind man on the brink of a precipice take the ad vice of a looker-on ? Then you dori'f think I've much chance of getting the consent of my uncle ?" " The only thing he'll consent to is to pay the femaleWhe lady. I mean, sir—a fair sum to let you go free." "And if he suggests that. Noah, I swear that I'll break his head, were ho ten times my uncle, and a hundred times as wealthy. When my father, who is the head of the family, has given his consent " . : ; " And they «ay she's a play-actress, 'Master Robert—ay, and an Irishwoman to boot." Mr. Cholmondeley dkl not reply: he cut another slice off the sirloin.' anrt looked at it contemplatively for some moments a^ It lay on his plate. "Good Lord. Master Robert, then it's true; and you're a lost man, «Ir !" " A lost man ? Well, perhaps—ah, I care not whether I am lost or not, so long as I find her." " And any man who pays a shilling can see her every night at the play hotwe, sir ?" " Nay. that \e> her sister. Mra. Wofflng ton—she is one.-of the best of our ladies oit the^tflge1; X6aji." :'^0 78ay fhat^^ the best Is not to sjty very muehV«Cr,' if all that I hear is true." " Oh. that'll do, Noah—that'll do." "I humbly ask your pardon, sir. I'm not supposed to know anything about it." " And you don't in this particular ease, at any rate, though I allow that in nearly every other matter your know ledge te surprising. I snppc«e my uncle will come down shortly now?" " I shouldn't wonder, sir." replied the butler. He felt rather hurt at being re- proved by the young gentleman whom he himself had the privilege of reproving pretty frequently some twenty years be fore; but he was too much the butler to let his voice betray his feeling*. When Robert Chohnondele.y strolled Into the library he examined the new prints which his uncle had received from town, but the amount of interest the "Hake's Progress" aroused in his bosom was not great. He was thinking more of Polly Woflington. Margaret Wofllng ton's younger ulster, who had captivated him some time before- at the theatricals which had taken place at Teddington on Polly's return from the convent In France, where she had been educated. His father, 'Lord Cholinondeley, had given his consent to the engagement at the very moment when he had gone to Mrs. Wofflngton to command her to send her aspiring sisrer out of the country, lest the honour of the family of Ohol mondeley should be compromised by his eon's marrying Miss Polly, for Miss Peggy had exercised her fascinations upon him, and without/my pleading ou behalf of her sister had caused him to say at the close of their interview : " Madam, I am now quite satisfied that my sou will be happy." To which Mrs. Woffington, with bee accustomed frankness, had cried : "Nay. my lord, 'tis I who have need to be dissatisfied, since I shall now have to support two fools instead of one." But though his lordship's consent was thus gained, the ardent -iorer was not so ardent as to be blind to the advisability; of obtaining the consent of his uncle, Sir Jasper, as well. He did not much care whether or not he obtained the con sent of his maternal uncle, the Earl of Orford, for he kuew he had no expecta tions from the great man who had pre viously been Sir Robert Walpole. Uut Sir Jasper was reported to have in his cellar several trunks laden with the. jewels that be had obtained at the sack ing of many a temple in the land of the Great Mogul. For Warren Hastlugn and Sir Jasper Oholmondeley had been early comrades in the honourable com* pany's service ; and as the latter was unmarried and had always had a great affection for his nephew. Robert con sidered it important to gain his consent to a match that certainly did not at first sight appear a desirable one. He knew that Sir Jasper was full of prejudices against the stage—nearly as full as he himself had been before ho bad met Polly, and quite as full as his father had been before l>e bad that In terview with Peggy\ He was not with out hope, however, that his uncle would come to look at the matter in a reason-t able, light. Surely when he should heat* that Polly was the most charming girl in existence—that she had lived at a con vent since her childhood, and had never come within the baleful influence of the playhouse, he could no longer maintain his foolish prejudices. Well, if Mr. Oholmondeley had been quite certain on this point he would have given more attention to those ad mirable prints by that clever artist, Hogarth, who, though growing old, had lost nothing of his trenchant power in dealing with the follies of the first half of the eighteenth century. The great mullioued window of tho library looked, into a Dutch garden bright with fillips of oil sorts, for SMr Jasper was well known as one of the most enthusiastic of tulip growers at a time when tulip growing was the craze only of the wealthy. Robert stood at the window wondering how any man could devote his life to the cultivation of bulbs when so many greater interests were within his reach. lie turned away from the window with an exclamation of impatience, and glanced at the time piece. His uncle would not, he knew, be downstairs for at least twenty, minutes, and twenty minutes seemed to him to be a long time. He picked up from a small writing table a translation, of van Myne's famous treatise on bulb growing, but before be had time to glance at a page he became aware of a gentle tapping on a pane of the window. Glancing round he gave a cry of aston ishment, for outside stood his beloved Polly Woffingtou. She was wearing a riding cloak wlioro satin quilted hood made a charming frame for a charming face. Her large brown eyes were glowing, and so wero her cheeks. The expression of mock fear which was upon her face at that moment was very pretty, especially as it foiled to conceal, the smile which II overlaid. He ran to the window and threw It open on its hinges, whispering : " Heavens above ! How did you como hither, my dearest girl ?" " Why. how but by coach and post* chaise ?*' replied the girl. " Oh, yes, Peggy paid for the trip—she pays for everything, dear Peggy." " She does ; but take care that yon and I don't pay for this trip, leor- -yen, l>ny dearly." he said, helping h»v into the room. " I don't know what yon mean, sir," said Polly. "I did not know that you were here, of course; and I thought that if Peggy could prevail, a* she did with your father, why should 1 not prevail with your uncle V* "Ob, that's what you thought, is it?" said he, holding her hand, but keeping hi« eyes somewhat anxiously upon the door. " Yob, quite right, my dearest, only you are not so good an actress as your sister Peggy." "Ah, but if she succeeded so well when merely acting, how much more easily shall not I, when I feel every thing that I may say ?" " 'Tis a nice question of art, my child," said he. " Better say, a question of arts. And you really came down here in the hope of being admitted to the presence of my uncle and then of pre vailing upon him ?" "And why should I not hnve such a hope, sir V Sir Jasper Cholmondeley is not the grand lama of Thibet, is he V" bhe cried. "I know nothing about! the grand huua, my dear, but I know enough of my uncle to believe that 60 uiadi a scheme—and yet—well, on my soul, your scheme doesn't seem co mad a one after all. Could any one be in your presence and fall to yield to the gracious influence of your beauty ? But such a scheme ! Oh, Polly, you arc a sweet innocent !" ." Nay, not so innocent, neither ;" there •was a note of repudiation i» her voice. "Nay, 1 had planned out a regular sys tem of attack. Did not you tell me that he had given himself up to the cultiva tion of tulips ?" " And what of that ?" " What of that ? Well. I also have given myself up to it. If I cannot gain un approach to him by that means, I shall c'en have to go to my grave with out ever seeing him." " Beyond a doubt, you are an adroit little plotter, Polly. But I think you should have left Mrs. Wofflugtfou to carry out this business for you as well as the other. Why. she won over my father in less than half-an-hour." •* Well, we have arranged—Peggy and I—that if I fail, she is to have a chance. She came down with iner here, and awaite me at the Royal George Inn. Oh, , 'twill surely be strange if between us ,we do not win over your uncle. Now, why is he not down, so that 1 can begin my scheme ? 'Tis quite provoking that, when a scheme has been adroitly plan ned, the person against whom it is de signed holds aloof. 'Tis not fair, I pro test." " He will be here soon enough, mad am. Ah, yes, I hear his voice on the lobby at the head of the staircase." " Oh, hid ! His voice, did yon say ? Oh, why did I ever leave London. Good bye, Robert ; I'll take the chaise back." She had run to the window. " You might do worse," he said. "At any rate, if I can't wiu over my uncle, I'll join you at the Royal George." '•♦ You ! The idea of you winning him over !" she cried. " Oh, I'll not go back to the chaise until I have seen him. I'm not afraid. He's only " " He's outside the door," said Robert. She went out by the window and ran round the corner of the house. He had scarcely closed the window before Sir' Jasper entered the room. " Well, sir," he cried. •' What brings you down here from the midst of your routs and your drums and your faro tables ?" "I trust, sir," said Robert, "that I have a sufficient sense of my duty to " Don't talk to me of your sense of duty, you young rascal," crted Sir Jas per. " You have come down here to try and obtain my consent to a match that would be idiotic were it not dis graceful. You fancy that I will suc cumb to the wiles of your play- actress, as your father did." " Nay, sir, I only hope that you will listen to reasou. You have always lis tened to reason," ealfi Robert. " I'll listen to reason when I've a chance of hearing it, but I'll take my oath that I'll not listen to a fool of a lover in the hope of hearing reason from him." " Enough, sir : I will not make the attempt to obtain your ear. I own to being a lover, sir, and I hope that I shall never be other than a lover." ' " That means you hope you will never marry." The sneer of the old man was very malignant. '* Upon that particular matter I have made up my mind, sir," said Robert. '' You have always been good enough to make me an allowance; I will not ask you to continue it, sir." "You need not, you rascal, If you Jnarry that play- actress." i " She is not aD actress, sir ; she only appeared once in a stage piece, and she ; was not a success." ' " She would not thank you for your advocacy. The worst of them would tat her be a success on the stage than respectably wedded.'* ■ " I have no wish to talk more, sir. I Lave no interest at home ; but I can go to India, where I know the name of my uncle will act as my passport to suc cess.'* • "Go to Tnaia, air { nay, there's a hot- Jer place still: go there." <' The young man bowed and left tbe *Wm' ]>■ - fTo De continued.^ 