Spartlgg Rotes ant Mas. By Nxjnqtjam Dobmio. Weiohts for the Melbourne Cup and Caulfield Cup will be declared by noon on Monday. Various South Australian charities benefited to the extent of .£186 19s. 3d. over the Totalisator " fractions" (loss than Is.) recoivea ac tne jatu Autumn masting of the South Australian Jockey Club. Thk Victorian bookmakers must find ^ it a hard matter to make both ends meet these times. On Saturday they had a fairly good time of it for the three races at the start of the afternoon's programme, each of the winners going out at 10 to 1 offered; but then tho backors of Messrs. J. C. and E. Manifold's Doondiah backed him down to 5 to 4 on against half a dozen others in the Bolinda Steeplechase, of two miles, and the son of Wellington won easily. Mr. Alec. M'Cracken's King's Vision met with support at 6 to 4 for the Arundel Hunter's Hurdle Race, of two miles and a half, for which four started, and this he annexed by thirty lengths. Beau Brummel and Hirundo divided favoriteship in the Glenara Handicap, of eight furlongs and a half, and they finished first and third (seven others making up the field). Beau Brummel, 7-12, winning by three lengths in lmin 53}sec. Had a punter put ill on the winner of the first race at the Oaklands Hunt Club races at Moonee Valley on Saturday, and continued to "martingale " during the afternoon, the " books" would have been in a very serious plight, however, as they would—at starting prices—have had to rake up for him Twenty- nine Thousand Seven Hundred Pounds altogether. So that the Totalisator doesn't monopolise all the big vistas of realising fabulous | wealth by backing horses aright. j But whether the wagering is conducted through the medium of Bookmaker or Totalisator, it is all the Bame in the long run ; only let the punter keep on at the game, and " Kitty " will scoop all the money; " Kitty " in the person of the bookmaker being represented by necessary expenses incurred in his vocation. Horse-racing was originally " the sport of Kingsthen it became " the pastime of rich men and there it should have remained. The individual in the middle station of life, even, cannot afford to dabble in it to the extent of trying to make money out of it. Mark Twain quaintly says that there are two eras in a man's existence when he should not indulge in gambling. The first is—When He Cannot Afford It; and the second is—When He Can. Now I come to think of it quite a number of writers have dilated in their works on the folly of trying to achieve a competency by a Big Plunge rather than by Patient Industry. Daniel Defoe inculcated the lesson in the elder Crusoe's advice to his son Robinson; Mark Twain emphasized it in the preface to his j " Innocents at Home." which he dedicated to his mother; and here, in Australia, our own Rolf Boldrewood struck the same keynote in his thrilling colonial story of "Robbery Under Arms." 1 horoughly bad man though Ben Marston was, no one can read his parting words with his son Richard, when the latter was going away on the expedition which eventuated in the death of Starlight and James Marston, and the lengthened imprisonment of " Dick," without a feeling of compassion for the " old band " whose first introduction to the police had been for the comparatively trivial crime of poaching. " And now," he said, " you're a-going off, and Jim's gone—seems only t'other day as you and he was little toddlin' chaps, runnin' to meet me when I came home from work, clearin' that first paddock, and telling me ' Mammy had the tea ready.' Perhaps I'd better ha' stuck to the grubbin' and clearin' after all. It looked Slow Work, but it Paid Better than this here in the long run." From England comes intelligence that Sandringham, a two-year-old brother to the English Derby winner, Persimmon, is a much better looking horse than the latter, and hopes are entertained that he may be every bit as good a gallopor as the Prince of Wales' blue riband victor of 1896. Sandringham has a lot of two-year-old engagements, but will probably not be seen out till late in the season. The English Derby this year stands out as peculiar in two respects. Mr Larnach, the owner of Jeddah, the winner, was having his first try for the coveted etake; and it was also pretty well a record for two of the placed horses to come from the 100 to 1 division. Strangely enough, Mr VS. T. J°nes the Ballarat sportsman, who carried off the English Oaks with Airs and Graces, was likewise making his maiden effort to secure that classic event. As a two-year-old Galtee More's winnings in stakes amounted to .£4,375, whilst during the last English racing season he annexed races to the value ot ■£22,637 more. Then Mr. John Gubbins disposed of him to the Russian Government for .£25.000>; so that altogether Galtee More furnished the Irish sportsman with no less than 52,012 of " the best in a couple of years. In connection with the purchase of Galtee More by the Russian Government, there are only 25 racecourses throughout the vast dominions of the Czar; but there are about 1000 studs for the production of harness and trotting horses, and over 200 more for the breeding of saddle horses and thoroughbreds. After reading the following extract from a letter despatched bya Colonial under date London, April 20, yon will doubtless come to the conclusion that attending races on the far.famed Epsom course must be " a Bit of a Luxury " in more respects than 0ne: —" I have just returned from seeing the City ard Suburban Handicap. I took £3200 to 14 about Newhaven winning, and £320 to 5 about him for a place. You would have been disgusted had you seen the way he was ridden. Of all the racecourses I have visited Epsom is the worst. The old Port Adelaide and Moonee Valley racecourses were Paradises compared to it. The cost to attend you will admit, is Heavy. First one has to pay 8s. for train fare (any class you can get into); then 2s. to be driven to the course —which is about a mile from the station; 10s. for admission to the Second Stand, or 30s. to Tattersall's Stand ; and another 10s. to the Saddling Paddock—which is a quarter of a mile down the course from the stand. We went into the 10s. Btand, but found absolutely no accommodation whatever.. You are pushed and knocked all over the place, . while -you' must watch your pockets very closely.,or el8e " you will have the contents cut out. When the races do start you can see next to nothing of them. The delays at the post are very trying, but they do not seem to care if they start an hour late. For instance, in the ■ City and Suburban Handicap, which was fixed -officially for 3.15, the horses were not sent on their journey till 4.7. Fancy this in Auftralia! And such starts ! Breaks away are continual, and the horses are all over the place. Some of the sporting writers this morning are advocating the barrier ; but the 'powers that be' seem too Conservative to adopt the new system, which has given such satisfaction in Australia. Perhaps it is only fair to add that I am told I must not judge English racecourses by Epsom, for they say it is one of the worst." Borderer, Leslie, Menindie and Battalion have been withdrawn from the V.R.C. Grand National Hurdle Race, and Whernside, Hive and Nimrod from the Grand National Steeplechase. Mr. S. Miller has purchased that excellent performer over the small sticks yclept Clondalkin. As R. Batty refused 275 guineas for him at auction, it is to be presumed that the five-year-old son of Goldsbrough and Songstress (who has been handicapped at list. 101b. for the V.R.C, Grand National Hurdle Race) realised more than that privately. A bid of 450 guineas was refused for His Grace (another list lOlb.-er in the G.N. Hurdle Race) the reserve being said to be 500 guineas. Although beautifully bred (by The Australian Peer from Penitent) His Grace is not entire. On the face of it, the tact of Batty disposing of Clondalkin and clinging to His Grace warrants the opinion that the veteran horseman and trainer favors the prospects of the latter in preference; but this is as it may be. The two-year-old Pilgrim's Progress—Ringarooma gelding Warbreccan has been scratched for all engagements (includiug the Caulfield Cup, Melbourne Cup, and Champion Stakes) through having yielded up the ghost. B Tn,Th,e,,Ta3maTlian i°ckey. H- Walters, whilst riding Blackthorn in a steeplechase at Moonee Valley on the 16th inst., sustained a fall which not only broke three of his ribs, but also fractured his leg in three places. Strangely enough Blackthorn never came down, and escaped scatheless. When Clondalkin carried »fTlT Race on the third day of the hJtvBBti Meeting he covered the two tniCL'BBh ously fast time of 3min. isisec r 'Hi that day, whilst Cynic, who finiJ flSt'i lengths astern of him, had the mSJB§l Cynic has again the minimum in th« BBP Race, and once upon a time there *&? " a nod is as good as a wink to a blind IBB'-! ? A Melbourne morning paper state- BE' I keet is under a cloud," which appears t. ■Br place a Blue Mountain horse should ■Bb same for that, old punters will experitBBi little difficulty in calling to remombranaBRi; a " lepper " named Studley was reportedflEl being " under a cloud," but he got th^Bts' same when the cloud broke. Should repeat itself in the ease of Parrakeel^Bti majority of the opposition in the G.N. might just as well be "under the turi''^^Kb chance they would stand of beating hii^^Rii on his back in that event, or else his° rec^^W at Moonee Valley and Flemington were in the pan. ^^K.; The five best-backed horses in the (hBd; Race at the time of writing are Soult, So-^B ® seed, Hirundoand Pat, these havingprinflBer taken in conjunction with Hayseed, Doon^Bk Vigil and Zouroff for the Steeplechase, rough outside double I know of is Cynic^B0 o' the Wisp. The Victoria Amateur Turf Club har^ft excellent entries for their meeting at^Bp to-morrow, when I expect to see the follc^B prominent towards the finish in each of tt^B,e Hurdle Race.—If miles. ^B119 The Gun. Stamford. Gold^Hen Richmond Handicap.—1 mlle^H^ Avalon. Carita. Su^B^ Cambria Plate.—!).} furlong3.BB( Repeater. Laird of Kilrie. A^B1 Steeplechase.—2 miles 740 yarflW Gold and Black. Vigil. < Cambria Purse.—5 furlongs, ^B! Avalon. Alpine. A^B The date of nomination for the Moot^B^1 Cup has been extended till next Tuesday ^B^ Ever since I witnessed English Associa^H^ ball played in its integrity on Moore Pat^B I have maintained that it is the only gan^Bg of being called true football 5 both the Rii^B^ and Australian forms of play being a i^B handball and football, The Associationgs^Hj popular in England, but, unfortunately^^^B -^^S^bsdtimes in the old country g0f the governing body thoro ■HL^rffie°.! rwliah Football Association MBa tatween the Notts Forest and gB"f" and was played on April It; at HV.^tnthe presence of an nmnonso the tussle resulting m favor of IBKUistol- TheW!T marr?d players on both sides rarely ^H^'h or hold each other with tlioir ■ rthoaghfe it expedient, and more mmjvL Kicks were given for "fouls," ffas officially taken of a n 11121matches " which wore iuaniBrrSw^ "As this ot BVf g writer in the London Field, HHklLolaeein a game conducted under ■Hrfnspices of the executive of the FootJStL and no steps are taken to dis^Keonly conclusion that can bo drawn 13 j^Kstandard of Sportsmanship is officially H. b^Qch of football than in other outIshonld imagine the inditer of that ^RrtofaKugby Union supporter than an ^Kjgted Football admirer. j ^RjBtance last Saturday—whether in the ^Hjjtnres or in the League contests—the ^Bmnted by the local men. In the case ^Belboame v. Brunswick, owing to the ^Bjoas improvements now in course of ^Kjiths North Melbourne Recreation ^Krenae had to be changed to the East ^■Cricket Ground; but that was the ^■, -home" ground for the nonce, and as ^Bptap the uniformity. At Footscray a game between Williamstown and ^Bsntnated in the 'Town boys leaving fcho before the last gong soundod, tlioir ^Eiaining on the convincing ground till ^Kd time, and being then awarded tho ^Bnlpire Carris. At South Melbourne, ^B con test between South Melbourno and ^Kme somewhat vindictive towards tho ' ^Bthe game, the "living pictures" on on several occasions assuming tho ^BHplastiques affected by tho disciples of ^Ben they face each other within tho ^Bsthan's Athletic Hall. Essondon woro Hto 1 by Collingwood, whilst Goolong ^Buffered through the unskilfulnoss of ■td men in carrying the Molbourno ^■it Melbourne fell from their high ostato ^■conquerors—Richmond—failed to make ^Bdvantage #f a large number of ^■s to increase their list of goals won. ^B 59 points (9-5), v. Geelong, 39 points ^■bourne. Goal-kickers : For Melbourne M.H'Ginnis (2), Russell (2), Lewis. For Brighton (3), Walker (2). ^Bd40 points (5-10) v. Essendon 20 points ^Hungwood. Goal-kickers: For Colling wood—Smith (2), Tnlloch (2), Foil; for Essendon— Kearney, Waugh, O'Loughlin. Sonth Melbourne 51 points (7-9) v. Fitzroy 22 points (2-10), at South Melbourne. Goal-kickers: For South Melbourne—Colgan (4), A. Burns, Davis, Cornelius; for Fitzroy—Sharpe, M'Sperrin. Carlton <13 points (5-13) v. St. Kilda 33 (5-3), at Carlton. Goal-kickers : For Carlton—O'Daa (2), Chapman, Dunn, Morrison; for St. Kilda—Brooks (2), Hogan (2), A. Stewart. 