CHILDREN'S FEARS. Clhildren's fears leed very careful hand ling if a child is to be brought up to be a cautions but yet brave man or woman. Feanr should not be confused with coward ice, for a child or person wllo performs an act in spite of his fear of consequences or danger, is a far braver person than one who never felt such fear. Fears are not a sign of mllental welakness, but very often of superior intelligence and excitability, and tile chilll who strluggles aglainst hIis fears is one who shoulld be commendedl for bray cry. Cowardice is a refusal to face dan gers, imaginary or real, of which a personl is afraid ; but some of tlhe bravest soldiers have .acknowledged tlhemselves to have bIeenll really afraidl on occasiollns when they have distinguished themselves miost. One cannot treat every fear that a child expresses inll thle same way, for some things of which he mlay be afraid are unreasonallle, alnd can easily be explained awlvay; others are reasonable, and founlded on Iprevious experience, while agailn, others are..wholly ilalgillary, and thellse are amongst tlihe most diflicult to comnllat. In some children one kind Is more often noticed than anllother, but very often all exist inll the same Ipersolln. For example, thle fear of being alone in the dark is not a reasonable fear if you come to analyse it, thile chllildl not having had per sonal experience of diangers which come to it inl the dark : butit is a fear which seems to be ingrained in the Ihumlan race, and even some dogs feel it, and it is one which needs the most caratful realsolning to overcome. Malany ciildren, howvever, are entirely de void of this kind of fear. Thie best method of overcomlling it is to let two or three child ren go into a darkl room together and move lioult so as to fllld somit object, such as a large inldiarubble ball whichll has been hid denl. They Inlust ie told to 1move very gellntly, so as not to klnockl themselves. The fear of falling is, of course, natural in every elild rwho lhas experienced pain in conseqluence of a fall, but in some it is ex aggerated, more especially as they get older, and manyl grown persons callnnot go near thle edge of a cliff, look down a steep place, or evenll sit inll the front row of the uplper part of a theatre.. without experi encing the luost painfull sensations. The fear of ghosts and goblinls hIlas gener ally been engendered by anll ignorant or mischievoulls nurse. There are Inlany ser vants who will endeavour to frighten a child, saying the " Black manll" will fetch him, or thalt a goblin will come in the night if he does not behave himself. Any such fear expressed by a child should be the signal for a most minute inquiry; amlongst thile servants, and anyone found guilty in this respect should be dismissed at onlce, as there is no crime greater than that of instilling such horrible feelings into a child's mind. In this respect also lparents should be very careful in overlooking the literature whichl is read to children or given them to read after they are able to do so ; for many a..tiling that a child has heard or read will implress itself upon his mind so as to be a constant source of terror and misery. : The fear of thunder, as apart from any question of injury from the electricity, is an instinctive one, and is felt by animals other than man. It is often impossible to overcome this by reasoning, but an effort should be made by explaining the nature of thunder and lightning, and the extreme rarity of accidents from it. With regard to fears of physical harm, these.are more easily overcome than imagi nary ones, as, for example, ill teaching a child to swim or to ride a bicycle, gentle ness and perseverance are1 thile best means of overcoming such fears. As regards physical dangers, however, the child should certainly be' taught caution, especially when very young, as, for example, in going up and down stalis, where a fall may have very serious consequences for it. 