[?] GOSSIP OF THE DAY. THE CRY' FOR COOKS. In a big district on the Northern Rivers the girls are famous for their good cook ing; their picnics are a treat to go to, and the, tables in even the humblest houses are, I .am told, fit for a princess. And the se cret of it all is that some years ago an ac complished Sydney girl, who couldn't find work here, went there and gave cooking lessons in every centre. There was scar cely a girl who did not attend — it be came the rage — and she was an excellent, sympathetic teacher. Most of the pupils are now presiding over their own home3, ! and the children have the benefit of the mothers' knowledge. Bad. cookery is un kno-vn in: the', plajQeT and will, always be. . .. It is as -easy and-mueh- cheaper to cook , well as to cook badly, when we know how. I As a rule, the cookery in the bush is murderous; the steak is leathery, the chops are burnt up, and the pastry is heavy and i foil -;of ^nightmares. :Good ;cOffee is almost lunkiio'Wn, aiid' it is only 'by1 accident that you get a good^ cup of ; tea. , It is not the fault o'f ith'e woinien^ nd-bne can learn- from books;' and intuition is out of the ques tion. We send religious . missionaries out into the' country; they have revival meet ings, which produce . an effect that lasts about a fortnight, whereas you see how real .and permanent is .the influence of the girl who went to the Northern Rivers to spread the light, of gastronomy. This is a matter which the new Minister for Education .should :take up. It wouid endear him not only to the. women but to the men, and his memory would live for all time oil the palates of the people. THE MAID AND THE MISTRESS, i Writes 'A Mistress': 'You must be particularly ; fortunate i'n . the servant girls yoir have m'et, Judging from your remark in last week's 'Times' on the 'Old Servant and the New.' I have had an experience of servants since, 4 started^ housekeeping that -has firiefl lip all my sympathy and en thusiasm 'for our 'sister in cap and apron. At present my health is broken down, for at night I have had to mind the baby, and during the day the servant. I have had no rest. It seems incredible, but I have had eight servants within two months, and am at the present time looking for the ninth. I have.hadimv things, stolen by one, been abused- and- bullied by another, a third has broken my crockery, a fourth was too lazy to do anything,, a fifth .wanted to go out every night and did not feel inclined to come home till near morning, so that I used to be startle'd ' with' the' fear that bur glars were entering the house.' Another girl left- without any' notice, and for no apparent cause. I hay,e. tried to put up with laziness, incompetency, and waste. I dare not ask a -girl to hold 'the baby. Perhaps you will say I znust:be to blame; but really I never was reckoned an* awful person to get on with. I have, known the old ser vant, who was one ; of ' our family, who shared our own joys and sorrows, and was faithful to the end. ' 'That Was in England, but I was not prepared- for the Australian article, and I cannot understand how girls are brought up here. I shudder to think of what :the futuie ,has-in store for me. If any one of those ideal girls you describe is disengaged, ? -would you please send her along?'.'. .. . : THE OLD WOMAN. ' It must be dreadful to be an old woman and poor. ,. ;W.hen she arrives at that age it 'seems that 'she will only be in the way, and that it would be much better to dtc. The children are, grown up and ma.rriert: the wives of persons have no word of wel fcme for the motheri-in-Iaw, and she is a burden', on the ifiusbapds her daughters. Sometimes she 'cb'me's iii useful as a nursa for the grand-children, but-, even then she is iiiads'-to' feel they could do without her. and that there will not be many tears shed over her grave. The asylums for the aged in the neighorhood of Sydney shelter hun dreds of these' worn-out grannies; decent looking women, grey, haired and witherei with th'e'jsi'gn of/ tpji'.'on their hands and worry or. : their- features. I am afraid we Australian# trovt , Diir. old women badly, and- in1 this respect. at; f.ny rate, we arj .jnu.;h inferior to tlie common Chinese. lit Chinr. :? .granny is inolise.1; :f a son ill treats her h-; is 'puriisii:vd publicly. She has only to complain to n'.r neighbors and they drag him before a :-na.cistrate, who or ders Oiim 'to' -be '? fiegged/ ' The average Syd ney Chinaman, oven tiie lowest of them, wilt speak with reverence of his old mother over the- seas'; and will send her his last shil/ing. Wo.are tco impatient, too indi ? vidua list :c, too anxious to get away ifrora ? the - apron -strings, having no respect for grey hairs. Yet -\vomen--are so unselfish they-cpend every penny .they get on their :childrerirJahd 3 never J provide for their old ?age.. -Ther.e is : no' .-shelter from ingratitude in a. State, asylum, ..-however comfortable it may. be. It. has turned out that a lead ing society woman of -Sydeny, in days gone , by.-- died -not-long - ago in one of these: asylums. - ' ' ?' ?' ' ; ' ' .KEEPING POULTRY. ? ? I- have- often wondered why so few wo men, in. Sydney )iccp poultry. One does not want much ground to accommodate a dozen hen'3, , which would keep an ordinary family in eggs. Perhaps I -am' old-fashioned, but it. seems, to iuo.no house is .complete with out a hen., which typifies all domestic vir tues. industry, and- a good table. In addi tion to the refuse of a kitchen, any work ing man's wife can keep a dozen hens by the ex penditure of Is Cd a month. The home-laid eggs are infinitely superior to those you buy in shops, which are often from hens fed on objec tionable food. Any disease may come from a shop egg, for the hen has to be born that can turn offal or slaughterhouse re fuse into a delicious egg. For a small yard the best hens are Leghorns, Minorcas, Lang shans, and Brahma-Dorkings. These are good layers, and the Langshans are excellent table birds. Only young birds should be kept. They must be fed regularly, and supplied with plenty of gravel, lime, and, of course, water. GHOSTS. Notwithstanding the Mellon exposures, spiritualism still flourishes in Sydney. You hear well educated and most sensible people talking breathlessly about hair-raising phenomena, slate writing, table rapping, and the materialisation of ghosts. In every suburb seances are being held. There is a woman up in Surry Hills who has a big connection, and can afford to pay a pro fessional pianist for weird music before and after the appearance of the ghosts. From what I can hear, there is nothing original about the manifestations, the same old bag of tricks is once more brought into service. The fact doesn't count that the spirits write only silly or idiotic mes sages on the slates, and often write so un grammatically as to force on one the idea that schoolmasters are lost in the other j world. I don't mind believing that ghosts ! appear when they feel that way, but no one can convince me that they are at the beck and call of the professional medium, or that they help to provide her with bread, butter, and beer. IN PARLIAMENT. The House was really brilliant on Wed nesday with pretty women and pretty mil linery. The hats took the attention of the members away from politics; they paid more attention to the ladies than they did to the Governor's Speech, though , to look at the ladies you would think that their lives depended on every word that fell from the lips of his Excellency, or that he was describing the newest fashions instead of the legislation proposed by the Govern ment. The mothers and daughters of so ciety were there in full force; the Ser geant-at-Arms was resplendent. It struck me that his rig-out was quite new, and-he shared attention with the Governor. Even on Tuesday, which was a tame day. the la dies' gallery was crowded, including many pretty, well dressed women, who got a 1 good view of the new House. AT THE TAIL OF THE GOVERNOR. Isn't it curious, by the way, this craving to he where the Vice-Regal party is? So ciety women will get out of sick beds in order to get a glimpse of the Governor or his wife and family, or associates at a pub lic function, or to be able to say, or to have it said in the papers, that they too were there. And their feverish excitement and desire to excel in dress — what folly it all is. If -the Governor were to go to a soup kitchen and dine there on the juice of old 'bus horses, society would go there too, and relish the feast. If it is announced that the Governor's wife will open a ba zaar in aid of something or other never before heard of in a distant suburb, what a crowd of fine ladies are anxious to as sist. It proves anyway that the Governor can be a great influence for good or evil, for unquestionably he makes the glass of fashion. THE MARRIAGE OF THE WEEK. The marriage of Miss Sylvia Madden, the second daughter of Sir John Madden, was a great event in Melbourne. It was lucky that the marriage was dated while papa w^s acting Governor. Sir John is ex tremely popular. He is a pleasant man, always' smiling, and never without a fresh button-hole bouquet. The marriage took place in the Anglican Cathedral. The rea son is that Lady Madden is an Anglican, and all the children follow the footsteps of the mother. Sir John's brothers and sisters are strict Catholics, but Sir John himself smiles upon all denominations. The bride is a charming and singularly beau tiful girl; all those who know her love her. The happy couple are spending their honeymoon in Sydney, and -will go to live in England. AMONG THE ARTISTS. There is no time for chatting now in the Sydney studios; everyone is busy pre paring for the coming shows, and wonder ing what luck they are going to have. All the lady artists have been busy during the year, and it will be difficult to find room for all the good things sent in. It is said that the ladies do not get fair play at the hands of the hanging committees, or that one must be a personal favorite in order to get on. or anywhere near the line. But as to that. I do not know. The ladies who make their living by art, however, should always get the benefit of the doubt. There is a far more hopeful spirit now in artis tic circles on account of the success of the Australian exhibition in »London. Mr. Lis ter is the hero of the day, his work hav ing been bought for a little pot of money. Mr. Streeton is, I hear, doing very well now in London. I am quite sure that he will eventually make a big name, for there can be no mistake about bis talent. ? —ALA. EVENING DRESS OF MAUVE SILK EMBROIDERED WITH SILVER AND AME THYSTS; BODICE DRAP ED WITH SILVER GAUZE. |, WOMAN'S WORLD j V Continued f rom Pas© 10. *?^€€i€€@J§€^* MUTUAL HELP BUREAU. ALL desiring reci pes, or any infor mation appertain ing to the Home, and its surround ings, including the 1 Garden and Poul try Run, are invit ed to ask for . it under this head. T h e applications will be printed — they should be written as ' briefly as possible — and my reader having th e information sought is invited :o furnish it for the .ollowing issue, or is soon as possible. r.t is expected that 11 who obtain help rom the column rill be ready in heir turn to help , thers who apply a the same way. Jse initials or nom de -plume, to appear in print, but en- ; dose name and address as evidence of bona-iiuea. 