:BONNIE BESSIE. "Bonnie Bessle" everyone called her, and rightly enough; for of all the High land laalsea who gathered at the little kirk on Sabbath'mornings, not one was half so pretty and winning as Bessle. Squire Renfrew, of the Red Pass, was desperately-in love. with Bessie, and sought to make her.his wife in ipite of difference in rank. .The herds at the Red Pass were the finest and largest in the'neighborhood; the barn and store houses were always well lilled. He was a bachelor, something over two score years old, and he wanted "Bonnie Bes sle" for his wife. "If the lassie thinks she can fancy me," he said, addressing Bessie's grand mother, as he. stood under the low, brownrafters of the little Black Lynn cottage, a-hot flush mounting to the shining crown of his bald head,-"if the lassie thinks she can fancy me, the bar gain's made. I'm'ready' and willing-to lead her to~the dkrk to-morrow; and if a gooq4 rue husband, and some gold and i1lver-. will nale her happy; she'll. Be as-hap*t' as a-queen at'" thi Ried Pass." - ,Bessie listened with, wide, startled eyes?'burning- cheeks and. quivering lips. She held her peace, standing, tall and slim, in a sort of stunned silence, until her grey-haired lover had taken his leave. .Then she burst forth into vehement, passionate protest. The old grandmother suffered her to storm until her passion was spent. "Well, 'tis o'er now, and ye'll simmer down and keep quiet, mebbe. I've let ye have-your say, and now I'll have mine. We're poor folk, me and'you. I found It-hard to get bread when I had but my own mouth to feed: and since I've been burdened wI you I've gone to bed many a night fit to cry wi'. hunger. But I've borne It all,.an' done my best, an' always been willing to gi' you a share o' my last crust." - "But, dearest grandma - "Now, lookee here, my lass," inter rupted tle old woman,, lfting her bony finger, and glowering fiercely upon Bes sie:; "if ye're.. ule enou' to refuse this good fortin', that ends it 'twixt us two. You pack out o' my house, and ne'er cross the threshold again." Bessie was silent. The great world beyond the Highland peaks seemed so dim and far away, and the old home scenes were so familiar. * The autumn days drifted on, and in the-spring time she was going to the kirk with Squire Renfrew, and be made his wife. "'The spring time came and the wed ding day' was close at hand, when, one evening, just -before the gloaming, Bes sie went to fill her pitcher, as usual, at the rocky spring near by. She had ac complished her task, and lifted the pitcher to her shoulder, and had started for the.cottage, her white, shapely feet twinkling prettily below the short petti coat as she stepped from stone to stone in crossing the little brawling stream, when suddenly she uttered a stifled cry, and, staggering to. a moss- grown boult der;Esgt down and:put the pitcher has tily on:the ground, pfessipgher hand on her heart, and trembling all over. ':"It's blisghaIst; it'E nJi ghaist!" she cried,:"and oh; :how sair he looked at me!"-, _ . , - - - ; .Whatever she had - seen, or fancied shi haidseen: there-'was nothing in sight wien she next looked up; nothing, ex cept the'overhanging rocks in the even ing light, and the white birch trees swaying spectrally against the sky. "He has come from-his grave," she cried, glancing fearfully around, "I dare/ha, dare na.do it. Oh! forgive me, Janile, that I ever thought o' it." SShe. drew a silken cord, which. en circled her throat, from her bosom, as shq spoke, and kissed the slender hoop ofsilver which depended from it. "I'll never ha' peace if I marry the squire," she 'said, "and I ought no to ha' it: I Janmie,"Jamle. after all, I love no one but you, and never can.". .uddenly she rose, with. resolution stamped on every feature. "I must give the squire his ring back," she said, brushing the last tears from her eye. "It Is hard on him, but there is no other way. Then Jamie, then, perhaps, you'll forgive me, dear." Leaving her pitcher there, 'she tossed back hbr abundant locks, as she finished this adlJuration,. and went speeding away, through the falling darkness,with the light foot of it chamois. • When she;reached the Red Pass, the bright glow of: the.warm ingle-side lit the windows. She approached the near est one, and pressed her sad, tired, yet resolute, face against the glass. 'A minute, and she tapped lightly aginst the glass.- The squire turned quickly, stared, and then started to his feet. ' ' "Well, now, well, now, what's the meaning o' this?" he cried, rushing across the room and throwing up the window. "Bessie, my lassie, what's .happened?" - S"Soinething that -never should- ha' happened," she answered, looking at him with a sort of desperate defiance, and drawing the gold ring from hr finger as she spoke, "I've come to give this. back to you, ;Squire Renfrew. I was wrong ever to let you put it on." ?. 'Why, child, what do you mean?" ,."Take your ring," she said. "You've heard of:.'Auld Robin Gray,' maybe. haven't you?" "Yes, I have. But what then?" "Well, I had aJamle once," she went on, - clutching at the little silver ring suspended from her neck, a great throb of pain'shaking her; "he gave me this, and I- can't ever wear any other ring. He--lie--went off to seek his fortune," with another suppressed sob, "and hes -was.lost at sea.: I tried to forget him: but I 'cannot. I can't keep my promise to you,'Squire Renfrew. I-I-couldn't fel1 like she did to 'Auld Robin Gray-I should hate you, .I should." " And here she broke down complfetely. ' !'SO," he said, slowly, "you have come to tell me this, .and to ask your free dom?..'And you really, think, too, you have seen Jamle's ghost?" "Yes. And I shall never return to grandmother again. I'dare not. So I am' going away." - . ' :"Bessie, my darling," cried a voice, as his stroiig arm clasped.her. The next momegt she was on.the breast of her lover, -who had come back alive and safe. '- • - A few days after there was a happy marriage-at the kirk.- Squire Renfrew himself giving !away the bride, our "Boinie BIessle:"-"New' York News." 