THE SHARK AND THE WHALE A MIGHTY BATTLE OP THB DEEP. We—i little girl of flfe and myself—were seated upoa » high, flat-topped .graAiy headland of* lonely port of the burthen) const of New Booth Wales/fire; teilea from tbe old penal settlement oE rbrtlfaoqtiirie. ' Three hundred feet below, tbe long Pacific rollera, unruffled fay the faintrttbfeath of air, swept In endless but eurfiess suooMsioa around * eh*in of black, iseUtedfeBdJcelp-corered rocks tfaatatood out tram tbe shore at the distance of a eable-leogtb ••too;'- -The Stile tttfilow, end some of the recks failed their jagged, sninijiied wnmmits perhaps sis feet from the surf see,• othersscarce a fdbt, eotfaat" eeefa gentle a well u it came wavering shoreward potted everitssmfaoe in a creamy lather of fosan .; ^fathers again were fathoms below, andtheir ^thidcgarmeats of kelp and wind swayed to and fro unceasingly to tbe sweep. of the ocean roll above them. And in and- aboutthe% rocks»andhoveriung over tbe wtiitcgleaai of v^yndy bottom that, like a great table of ivory, lay between them and the cliff bound shores. $wam drove* of bright pink-, coloured schnappery and. great, larily-moriog Hue-fish. fialf a (bile away; a swarm of gulls floated motionless ob the bine expanse; upon the' time-worn ' foreshore boulders beneath <as stood Unas and groups of divert, with wings* outspread in solemn mhhsce, 'gasing seaward. We had climbed the hdatilandto look for whales ; for it was tbe month of .October, when the greet schpote. of humpbaokswnd finbacks were trareilip^ pputhward to odder seas frem 1hmr breeding ground* among the Hampton •bofcl* aide hundred miles away north-east. Por tivre weeks, theyhad Hccs passing south, some tames far out from*tbe' land, sometimes within a mile of the shorp—hundreds of-thousand* of pounds' worth of rioh blubber, with never* wfaaleship nor whaleboat** crew witbin two thousand miles.; "tor -tbe 'brave old'days of Austral iin whaling enterprise died folly fifty ywrsagb. At lash a mile or so away, a Jet of smoky speby, and then another sad another 1 Five humpbacks—^two cbwa, two calves, and a bull— oaly a small*4' pod n—that is, * sohooL Nearer and nearer they bame, their huge, blade- humpe gleaming brightly fin the datsling sunlight i theyjrose to, spout. A hundred lyards in front the old boll rolls lagQy along,." sounding " bat rarely, for the sea is faU nf Squid, and he and tus eonvoy, inth Itiooping lows? jaw, soekin the lovely morsels by countless swarms. Sue weeks before, as they kad rolled apd .spouted northwards to the great lagoons of tbe' &Mnpton; aad Bello&a; reefs, they bad passed within*. perhaps .ai hundred yards of the head laadppon which wrisat. Perhaps, too, a'fleroe ''north-euter " blew, - and .thejchain of rocks that was nowna^gegfdy Uyed by the murmuring waves , was smothers^ in the wild tormoH ofra roaring1 snrf, and tj^e great boll, although his huge, corrugated t^^'itebedsorely from the thick growtjfof inch-long barnacles that had so tormented him of lath, spouted regretfully and headed seaward agani—be could not scratch his giant frame in sneh a sarf as that. But to day it was different; and now be coold enjoy that loog-delnyed pleasure of drsggiog hisgreafetbody over; tbe rough surfaces of the submerged rocks nod tearing those. dreadfully irritating barnacles off .bis ;iwenty«Sve feet of grey-white ridgy - stomach. -. For, suddenly, he •raised his vadt bead, sibd the* rounded, straight on bod, add the child by toy side gave a gasp of wondering terror as she sa'w'his mighty tail rise agood ten tfaet iii airand tbenslowly vanish beneath. : " On went the sows and calves, apparently taking no heed 6f i ftatberk sudden dive .shore ward. He would be.back, theykoew, as soon as tbe poor^feUoa had rid.himtdf.of those to.rmontioj; baraacles^ jipd po with dim nisbed speed thefkept in routbwards towards Camden Haven.' . Bat jnst astbb great bull came buTst iog through tbe blue depths into thfe greeny hue of' six fathoms of . water, we saw between faim and tbe " pod "two small jets, like sports-or steam, abootnp from the^ water between him and his convoy; anid.iin ^another second the! boWfl and calves had sonndedits deadliest terror I and were rnsbing aeawardtwo thousand feet be iow. For they knew' that, out there in the depths lay their only "hope of safety from their j dreaded and inriucibleeneisiee, the " killers' and 'V threshers " of; the Booth Pacific—the* morderous savage, *oetaoe*n pirates that lie to wait for £he returajsg " pods." as they travel southwards to the oblder seas of Tasmania. .Aa the groat hpmpbaek t^hed the chaio of rocks.' abd had begun to scratc^, bis foes had advanced eUbbtiy bnt swiftly towards him. -.Before them swam their equafiy-fierce and dreaded .ally, Alouiaa Vulpte, the ** ^hrether." or fox-».hark. Bat,: before f tell -of ihmi soble fight of giants which for.neariy twdh^afs we gased st on that Cctx^ermorning {rofirthe Idafidyheadland, -'let me say fpmethmg^abWntrAli^fias Vnlpes and hie feUow-piratojOrca J^adiaior, the ? k&lcr;,w < ^irst cf all, then, »a ^e the "? ttireshir.** " He lsa ibuk«pnnand mpaple, and tskies his name from fats BDormons scythe-like, booytail, which' forin twD-thuds of _hip!}^Dgtbb Bis month is but Wnidi.and whales littlcix) fearfroicn.tbat, but drrii^d the terrible knife-Eke Awqep.and. dowBward slaeh of Ills tail ^^for. aa^ ahrbke outs tb^pn^i the to%h skin aniS hinlm' -deep] downirito the Wubbdr-'Buchls the'^Uxrerii^17 and in'wverydrove otitlrillers ■" l3i^^]iilmqrs oxmtlu,esber, sometatnM,trD. "■rH'1 .: The .."JriUer " is aotuallya, whale;' fokke is ] warm-faloqdcd and rucw to the Surface^a spout; j which he dees in a xaanper that has pfteo led to 1 fa tl*^f ^ n mpty'. r\r '**• ^K.jjr arhale.. Hol»dittii>goi*hable only from tha grampon br hi» mouth, which haateeth-^-and tmtiblo toeA—in totii^iiri; the gta input haa toeti^in hia lo wer jarronly. When (the grampoa)ii a babyhO- has teeth ia t&thiaea;, bufcthceeoftfce npparjaw are shed and fldl pot erhtjnfeiiaboathdirferown., Ttie jnilerhas *ertbtnf *both jairfeTah"<nany a poor'hnmpbaok tandiiabaek haa fbtittd'out to his cost j for the jtaeft creatureduel juirtiee to his nanid' Oroa Gladiator. ' ' The kiUera have:' abusineM, and ttierneehr deglept it.- It h the tnrinesa of whalecatchiny and killing. Tbey%re bolldog' pirntee ofthe deep: hea,dad on eoaat of.^ AuatrnTintbeir headquarters are etiwofold Bay, fSometimea, bnt notofteo, they hate been knomtoettmdlc thembnuehof thedoean, tbe'npermarjinie. 'Bat tbeygeneraUy lenrehim alane:;1i&dlatde;' big,too>i>o"fcrful, 'andttti great teo-iochlettii tal flMee'apirit render him a^dae^eradaeaa tomer totukle. Bntwith 'tin rigbttrhnle,the' humpback, and die eerpnty-fooL fljingSubuek, the fallen eao work tbdremel Will. Andnoe.te^heflghi wesaw. '-/J.; . : Foraboot ton mjpptea or ao the fTtathnnip barh' dragged bin .mqoatrooi ,aeTenly:-feet of Jleah' nudhlaiiber .aaroak' the topa td Uw aob mergad rbcke,' r*ifiog>omefcimee hia rut head end asmetiinea - hie 'tai&ty; Snksa oat Of the eater, aa with all the'weight of alitiiidrBd tona or more be" robbed"'al»diifcHped and mratcbed Ida itahiitghellyaigainattheaarfaee^tfahtoita'r Suddenly; nlongal«id«r,'gTeTinhebjeet»»etjt like lightning/jrr *-*1 \1>'l'jBgiiM hmiedhia teeth in the looae dan ot hh'WaH1* r--that in, about fifteen or sixteen fedtfiiohi'hia tail. And at the name moment with earnge puffa of kpriy abooting high from thar iter lute, the two krllara'* dirted at fan'-'heaii arid , aramd Um ttythe jaw. in ten aoeoods there Wan hapgbt te he iaaen but a maddefieil whiri nnd arath of foam, aa the onfortonate victim eoaght to escape seaward. Well did be kaow that in aach shallow water—there was but five or six fathoms—he could sot sound far below intoj ocean's depths, and, earn bis foes with him, j compel them to rise to air. Fifteen, perhaps j twenty minutes exhausts the ak supply of a killer ; a whale can remain below the surface for j sixty. But he made a bold attempt. /Raising his enormous head high io air sad giving it a m gfaty shake, be freed himself of oieof tile killers, whose bod j, twenty feet io length, he hurled from him as if it were a min now ; but the other, with his cruel teeth buried dog fashion in his thick Unhung on with savage tenacity. And down upon bis ** small' the thresher, with bis teeth gripping 1he loose, tough, and wrinkled skin, uprearid his lengthy form, and brought /his aw fa] fcythe-likc tail down upon the victim4! buck, with a smack that could be heard half a mile away;. It but, and then, as the whale rolled in ha agony from the blow, a broad white streak of bin ber oosed through the severed skin. Before he osnld gather his strength for that seaward rush which meant life, the throwu-off killer was back,and had seised him agsie by his starboard lip. Too late | he could not sound and could not flee, and the poor, worried animal seemed to know it, for suddenly he lay quiet, while the bulldogs shook him and the tbresherdealt him steady but fearful blows upon his broad expanse of shining baok. "Oh, the poor whale I" said my little com; j paction, as she shuddenngly clutched my arm. ** Look at thatI" The killer fastened to the left jaw of the helpless, ^floating monster, rauing his square white and black head about a foot or two oat of water, pre it that quick jerk one sees'a fox terrier gives to s rati and brought away in his jaws a piece of lip aboot s yard long—• thick strip of bloody white and red. And, as a terrier throws a rat backward and upward, so did the killer throw away the gory mass ; it fell with a heavy splash upon the water some fathoms away. Then with a mighty leap the wretched whale sprang clear out of the water, standing for a moment or two straight up and down,and as be swung his body round in foiling we sew the blood pouring from his jaws in a Stream. He fell upon his back with a terrifio splash of foam, and for a few leoonda was out of danger; --gain ne raised his head—the killers were both fastened to his lips agaiu,tear ing off the' blubbery flesh in monstrous strips. .Once, as he wallowed in his agony, he opened bis vasty jaw, and ere he could close his mouth one of his foes thrust in bis bulldog bead end sought' to tear away a piece of bis great tongue. And then came each a crashing end splashing and bewildering leaping of foam, m.d his tail upreared- itself and sweptround androand io all directions, and then struck the water blow that sounded like a thunderclap. Look," arid the child again, 'there are] more of those cruel kilters comiug; see, there | tbey are, just below us I" Fifty feet away from the persecuted hump back, sua soiling round and round in the green water beyond the rocks were five sharks. They had smelt the blood of. the battle, and were waiting till they could join In* and. while the -killers forced their bead into the humpback's mouth and tore eut bis toothsome tongue, feed I upon the quivering mass of blubber and rend | him in pieces from his head down to The oefortonate animal was now 'becoming rapidly exhausted, and though he still struck the water resounding blows with his tail, he was convulsed with paia end I error, and ewam slowly round and round in a circle, spouting feebly, and rolling from side to side in a vaia effort to shake off the killers, and find his way to. the open sea. Then, as if wearied with'their attempts to get at his tongue, the two destroy ers suddenly let go their hold aad swam away some, twenty yards or -so; and the thresher, tpcj although he still lay alongside, ceased 4iis fearful blows and let his'long, narrow,- and tapering body lie mptionless upon the waterjand tite fire grey sharks drew nearer aad uearer. But the killers .had not left him, for after spouting once- or twice, they slewed round cud came at the prey with a savage rush, and leap ign bodily out of the water, fiung themselves upon his back time and time Again with toe most cruel and extraordinary pertinacity. And so, at Last, there he lay, his monstrous head and thirty feet of hisback raited high out of the water, and . the white seethe of foaoi in which his poIoBSalJrame writhed sod shuddered in deadly torment was tinged deeply with a bloodied red. Better far for him would have beeo the swift, death-dealing stroke of. toe whaler's lance, or the dreadful "squish" of the bursting bomb as it entered Ins vilals, and put an end to him at once, than epdure such tortures as now were his. But, presently, gathering his strength for one final effort, oue last spout slowly coded out, he lowered his head, raised bis tail, and dashed headlong sea ward* And like demons from the pit the two killers followed him down. They knew that for a mile out the water was too shallow for himho get away from tbem. Behind, the five sharks swept io swift pursuit; ahead of all Aliopiaa Ytdpes deft toe Water with sharp vicious14 tVeeps " of his long tail. 1 Five, perhaps six, minutes paised, tod. then, with, a roaring .burst of foam and Routing qniekly.! be raised his immense form half up ontufthewater and, supporting himself upon bis, tai|, spun round asa round. Twioe his javrjike mouth opened aad shut, and as be best., toe' sea into froth end spume around, a itiinge, awefospiringeound apoompabied bis last spout; for the sharks were at him below, tearing and .riving bnt .xnouthfols of blubber, and the hiltetx had dragged Cut bis tongue. DpelastsbQdaeringgasp/andtoe nbwuncou trious creature sank backwards, and describing itarde£ti'bi0$nal41 flurry," rolled over, " fiu ap," ud ^aveVop bKs greasy ghost.—Louia' Becke, in the'*.' JVD Mall Gsiette." 