Mysterious Mr. Sabin. my B. PHILLIPS OPPENHEEM.) , .w of "Till the Day of Judgment," "A 4 Daughter of Astrea." CHAPTER XI/II. Af dinner time Mrs. Watson appeared t very dainty toilette of black and lite and was installed at the captain's L hind She was introduced at once T|gJlt IWWUe , Jr Fabm, ana prucccutu „,c . vcrv agreeable companion. "Why I cal1 this l)cl'fcctl-v delightful, ' almost her first exclamation after a Lift Blanco at Mr. Sabin's quiet, but irre proachable, dinner attire. "You can't imoBine how pleased I am to find myself once more in civilised society. I was never jo dull in my life as on that poky little 5 ""Poky little yacht, indeed!" Mr. Watson interrupted, with a note of annoyance in his tone. "The Mayflower, anyway, cost me pretty well 20,000 dollars, and she's nearly the largest pleasure yacht afloat." "I don't care if she cost you a million dollars," Mrs. Watson answered pettishly. "1 never want to sail on her again. I pre fer this, infinitely." She laughed up at Captain Atkinson, and her husband continued his dinner in silence. Mr. Sabin made a mental note of two things— first, that Mr. Watson did not treat his wife with that consideration which is supposed to be distinctive of American husbands; and, second, that he drank a good deal of wine without becom ing even a shade more amiable. His wife somewhat pointedly drank water, and turning her right shoulder upon her hus band, devoted herself to the entertain ment of her two companions. At the con clusion of the meal, the captain was her abject slave, and Mr. Sabin was quite will ing to admit that Sirs. J. R. Watson, what ever her nationality might be, was a very charming woman. After dinner, Sir. Sabin went to his ioiver state room for an overcoat, and whilst feeling for some cigars heard voices in the adjoining room, which had been empty up to now. "Won't you come and walk with me, James?" lie heard Mrs. Watson say. "It is sucli a nice evening, and 1 want to go on deck." "You can go without me, then," was the gruff answer. "I'm going to have a cigar in the smoke room." "You can smoke," she reminded him, "on deck." "Thanks," he replied; "but I don't care to give my Larangas to the winds. You would come here, and you must do the best you can. You can't expect to have me dangling after you all the time." There was a silence, and then the sound of Sir. Watson's heavy tread as lie left the state room, followed in -a moment or two by the lighter footsteps and the soft rustle of silk skirts, which indicated the departure also of his wife. Mr. Sabin carefully en veloped himself in an ulster, and stood for a moment or two thinking. Was that con versation meant to be overheard by liim or not? He rang the bell for the steward. The man appeared almost immediately. Mr. Sabin had known how to ensure prompt service. "Was it my fancy, John, or did I hear voices in the state room opposite?'? Mr. Eabin asked. "Mr, and Mrs. Watson have taken it, sir," the man answered. Mr. Sabin appeared annoyed. "ion know that some of my clothes are hung up there," he remarked, "and I have been using it as a dressing room. There ore heaps of state rooms vacant. Surely you could have found them another." d'd nl-v sir," the man answered, but tliey seemed to take a particular fancy to this one. I couldn't get them off it no- how." Did they know," Mr. Sabin asked care lessly, 'that the room opposite was occu pied?" C9' s'r'" 'le man answered. "I told them that you were in No. 12, and that you used this as a dressingroom. It was very foolish of them, for they wanted two, one each, and they could just as well have had them together." Just as well," Air. Sabin remarked quietly. "Thank you, John. Don't let them know I have spoken to you about "Certainly not, sir." Mr. Sabin walked up on deck. As lie passed the smoke room he saw Air. Wat son stretched upon a sofa with a cigar in his mouth. Air. Sabin smiled to himself and passed on. The evening promenade on deck after "inner was quite a social event on bonrd t. ? Cal i ; ill a . As a rule, the captain and Air. "n utrolled togethei--none of the other passengers, notwithstanding Afr. Sabin's courtesy towards them, had yet attempted m any way to thrust their society upon um. But to-night, as lie had half expected, e captain had already a companion. Airs. a .son' ,v'th a very becoming wrap around w-i'r-' i aud.a o'garette in her mouth, was nf ti"'" '''s chattering gaily most ,if ,le '"nc, but listening also with an nil- onm -SC"i -Ci 'nt0lca'" to "10 Personal expen ses winch her questions provoked. Every on and then as they passed Air. Sabin, an ilw' a" )va!'c'nS. sometimes gazing with mul el-0' i !Ur "lc "stant chaos of sea . _Ti she flashed a glance of invitation h0r 0ttcn »<! Once I Ep,pfd and aed him some slight question, but lie answered it briefly, stand- Lf nT?nc 8lde' nnd «>e captain hurried her ; on. It was a stroke of ill fortune, he thought to himself, the coining of these two people. He had had a clear start and a fair field. Now lie was suddenly face to face LiA da"8el" the m extent of which it was hard to estimate. For lie could scarcely doubt but that their coming, and the man ner of their coming, was on his account, iliey had played their parts well, but they were secret agents of tl,c German police. I heir presence here was fraught with danger to him. He smoked his cigar lei surely, the object every few minutes of many side glances and covert smiles from the delicately attired little lady, whose silken skirts, daintly raised from the ground, brushed against him every few minutes, as she nnd lier companion passed and repassed. What was their plan of ac tion, he wondered? If it was simply to be assassination, why so elaborate an artifice, and what worse place in the world could there be for anything of the sort than the narrow confines of a small steamer? No, there was evidently something more com- plex on hand. Was the woman brought as a decoy, lie wondered? Did they really imagine him capable of being - dazzled or fascinated by any woman on the earth? He smiled softly at . the thought, and the sight of that smile lingering upon his lips brought her to a standstill. He heard sud denly the swish of her skirt, and her soft voice in his ear! Lower down the deck the captain s broad shoulders were disappear ing, as he passed on the way to. the en gineer s room for his nightly visit of inspec tion. . "You have not made a single effort to rescue me," she Baid reproachfully. "You are most unkind." Air. fcnbin lifted'his cap, -and threw away the end of his cigar. "My dear lady," he said. . "I have been suffering the pangs of the neglected, but how dared I break in upon so confidential a tete-a-tete?" "You have little of the courage of your nation, then," she answered, laughing, "for I give you many opportunities. - But you have been engrossed with your thoughts, and they succeeded at last where I failed— you were distinctly smiling when I came upon you." "It was a premonition " he began, but she raiser a little white hand, flashing with rings, to his lips, and he was silent. "Please don't think it necessary to talk nonsense to me all the time," she begged. "Come, I am tired; I want to sit down. Don't you want to take my chair down by the side of the boat, there? I like to watch the lights on the waters, and you may talk to me if you like." "Your husband," lie remarked a moment or two later, as he arranged her cushions, "docs not care for the evening air." "It is sufficient for him," she answered, quietly, "that. I prefer .it. He will not! leave the smoking room until the lights are put out." "In an ordinal? way," he remarked, "that must be dull for yqu." "In an ordinary way, and every day," she answered, in a low tone. "I am al ways dull. But after all, I must not weary a stranger with my woes. Tell me about yourself, Mr. Sabin. Are you going to America on pleasure, or have you Business there?" A faint smile-flickered across Air. Sabin's face. He watched the white ash trembling upon his cigar for a moment before he spoke. "I can scarcely be said to be going to America on pleasure," lie answered; "nor have I any business there. Let us agree that I am going because it is the one coun try in the world of any importance which 1 know least of.'" "You have been a great traveller, then," she murmured, looking up at liim, with innocent, wide open eyes. "You look as though you have been everywhere. -Won't you tell me about some of the odd places you have visited?" "With pleasure," he answered, "but first, won't you gratify a natural and very speci fic curiosity of mine? I am going to a country which I have scarcely visited be fore, and it is your country. Tell me a Utile about it. Let us talk about America." Site stole a sudden swift glance at iier questioner. No, he did not appear to- be watching bcr. His eyes were fixed idly upon the sheet of phosphorescent light, which glittered in the steamer's track. Neverthe less, she jivns a little uneasy. "America," she said, after a moment's pause, "is the one country 1 detest. We arc only there very seldom, when Mr. Wat son's business demands it. You could not seek for information from anyone worse in formed than I am." "How strange," he said softly. "You are the first unpatriotic American I have ever met." "You should be thankful," she remarked, "that I am ail exception. Isn't it pleasant to meet people who are different from other people?" "In the present case— it is delightful!" "I wonder," she said reflectively, "in what school you studied my sex, and from what particular woman you learned the art of making those little speeches?" "I can assure you that. I am a novice," he declared. "Then you have a wonderful future be fore you. You will make a courtier, Air. Sabin," "I shall be happy to lie the humblest of attendants in the court where you are queen." ... , ... "Such proficiency," she murmured, "is the hall mark of insincerity. You are not a man to bo trusted, Air. Sabin. "Try me," lie begged. "I will! I will tell you a secret." "I will lock it iii the furthest chamber of my inner consciousness." "I am going to America for a purpose. "Wonderful woman," he murmured, "to have a purpose." "I am going to get n divorce! Afr. Sabin was suddenly thoughtful. . "1 have always understood, lie said "that the marriage laws of America are con-' I venient." t 'i'TiheJ' T re lmman- They make mo tliank- ; lul that I am an American." Mr. Sabin inclined his head slightly to wards the smoking room. ,'Eoes your unfortunate husband know?" He does, and lie acquiesces. He lias no alternative. But is that quite nice of you, Mr. Sabin, to call my husband an unfor tunate man? « T cannot conceive," lie said slowly, greater misery than to have possessed-— and lost you." , -.pehed gaily Mr. Sabin permitted himself to admire that laugh. It was like the tinkling of a silver bell, and her teeth were perfect. ''Tm ar® incorrigible" site said. "I be- fieie that if I would let you, you would make love to me, thought," he answered, "that you would never allow me to make iove to you, I should feel like following this cigarette.8 He threw it into the sea. l,„„i s'Shed, and tapped her little French ncel upon the deck. nie'nLhat a pity that you are like all other "I will say nothing s'o Unkind to you," he remarked You are unlike any other oman-whom I ever met." They listened together to the hells sound ing from the quarter-deck. It was 11 o clock. The deck behind them was desert- tTf„aii afinh drizzling rain was beginning to fall. Airs Watson removed the rug from her knees regretfully. B iateVt'is?"80'" Sl'e SaM" "D yoU hear how "You will toll me about America," he sum, rising and arawing back her 'chair, "to- morrow.' ' "If vou can find nothing more interesting totalk about, slie said/ looking up at him with a sparkle in her'dnrk eyes. "Good night." Her hand, very small and white, and very soft, lingered in his. At that moment an unpleasant voice sounded in their ears. Do you know the time, Violet? The lights are oiit all over ithe ship. I don't un derstand what you are doing on deqk." Mr. Watson was not pleasant to look upon. His eyes were puffy and swollen, and he was not quite steady upon his feet. His wife looked at him with cold displea sure. "The lights are out in the smoke room, I suppose," she said, "or we should not have the pleasure of seeing you. Good night, Mr. Sabin. Thank you so much for looking after me." ; Air. Sabin bowed, and walked slowly away, lighting a fresh cigarette. If it was acting, it was very admirably done. CHAPTER XLHI. The habit of early, rising was one which Mr. Sabin had never cultivated, and break fast was a meal which- he abhorred. It was not until nearly niid'day on the "following morning that he appeared on deck, and he hod scarcely excbanged'his custoipary greet ing with Captain Atkinson before, he was joined by Mir. AVatson, who had obviously been on the/look-'out for him. "I want, sir,'( tlie ."letter commenced,1 "to apologise to . .-you ' for my conduct last night." \ '/ Air. Sabin lbolcedAftrJiim keenly. . "There is no necessity for anything of the sort," he said. "If any "apology "is needed at all, it is owing, I think, to your wife." Air. Watson shook his head vigorously. "No, sir," he declared. "I am ashamed to say that I am not very clear as to the actual expressions I used, hut Airs. AVatson lias assured me that my behavior to you was discourteous in the extreme. I hope you will think no more of it." "I had, already," Air. Sabin said, "forgot ten the circumstance. It is not of the slightest consequence." "You are very good," Air. AVatson said softly. "I had the pleasure," Mr. Sabin re marked, "of an interesting .conversation' with your wife last night. You are a very fortunate man." , 1 . "I think so, indeed, sir," Mr." Watson re plied modestly. 7"" . , "Americanwomen," Air. Sabin continued,' looking meditatively out to sea, "are very fascinating." "Airs. AVatson," lie continued, told me so much that was interesting about vour, wonderful' country that I am looking for ward to my visit more than ever." Air. AVatson darted a keen glance at his companion. He was suddenly on his guard; For the first time he realised something of the resources of the man with whdm he had to deal. - "My wife," he said, "knows really very little of her native country. She has lived nearly nil her life abroad." "So I perceived," Air. Sabin answered. "Shall- we sit down a moment, Air. AVat son? One wearies so of this incessant pro menading, and there is a little matter which I fancy that you nnd I might discuss with advantage." .- Air. AVatson obeyed in silence. This was a wonderful man with whom lie had to deal. Already lie felt that all the elaborate precautions' of liis coming had been wasted. He might bo Air. James B. AVatson. to Captain Atkinson and his seven passen gers, but he was nothing of the sort to Mr. Sabin. He shrugged his shoulders and followed liim' to a seat. After all, silence was a safe card. ' "I'm going," Air. Sabin said, "to. be very frank with you. I know, of course,- who you are." Air. AVatson shrugged his shouldersr ...... . "Do you?" he- responded dryly. . . Air. Sabin bowed with a faint smile at the corners of Ills lips. "Certainly," he answered, you are Air. James B. AVatson, of New York, and the ludy with you is your wife. Now, I .want to tell you a little about myself.' "Most interested, I'm sure. Air. AVat son murmured. "Aly real name, Air. Sabin said, turning a little as though to face his companion, "is A'ictor Due de Sousponnier. It suits me at present to travel under the name by which I was known in England, and by which you are in the habit of addressing me— Air. Sabin. 1 am leaving England be cause a certain scheme of mine whieli, if successful, would have revolutionised the whole face of Europe, has by a most unfor tunate chance become a failure. I have in curred thereby the resentment, perhaps I should sav the just resentment, of a very Cleat nation. I am on my way to the country where 1 conclude I should be safest against those means of— shall I say retri bution or vengeance? — which will assuredly bo used against me. Now, what I want to say' to you. Air. AVatson, is this. I am a rich man, and I value my life at a great deal or money. I wonder if by any chance you understand me." Air. AVatson smiled. "I am curious to know,", he said softly, at what price you value yourself??' "My account in New York," Air. Sabin said, quietly, " is, I Relieve, something like ten thousand pounds." "Fifty thousand dollars," Afr. AVatson re marked, "is a nice little sum for one, but an awkward amount to divide." Air. Sabin lit a cigarette and breathed more freely. He began to see his way. "I forgot the lady," lie murmured. "The expense of cabling is not great. For the sake of argument, let us say twenty thou sand!" Mr. Watson rose. "So far as I'm concerned," lie said, "it is a satisfactory sum. Forgive mo'if I leave you for a few moments. I must have a! little talk with Mrs. AVatson." Air. Sabin nodded. "We will have a cigar together after lunch," he said. "I must have my morning game of shuffle board with the captain." Afr. AVatson went below, and Air. Snbin played sliufile hoard with his usual deadly skill. A slight mist had settled around them by the time the game was over, and the fog horn was blowing. The captain went on to the bridge, and the engines were checked to half-speed. Air. Sabin leaned over the side of the ves sel, and. gazed thoughtfully into the dense white vapor. "I think," lie said softly to himself, "that after all I am safe." There was perfect silence in the ship. Even the luncheon gong had not sounded, the passengers having been summoned in a whisper by the deck steward. The fog seemed to be getting denser, and the. sea was like glass. Suddenly there was a little commotion aft, and the captain leaning for ward, shouted some brief orders. The -fog horn committed a series of spasmodic and hideous shrieks, and beyond a slight drift ing, the steamer was almost motionless. Air. Snbin understood at once that some where—it might be close at hand., or it might be a mile away — the presence of another steamer had been detected. The same almost ghost like stillness con tinued. Orders were passed backward and forward in whispers. The men walked to and fro on tiptoe. And then suddenly, without any warning, they passed out into the clear sea, the mist rolled away, the sun shone down upon them again, and the decks dried as though by magic. Cheer ful voices broke in upon the chill and un natural silence. The machinery recom menced to throb, and tlie passengers, who had finished lunch, trooped up oh deck. Everyone was attracted by the sight of a large white steamer about a mile on the starboard side. Air. Sabin joined tlie captain, who was scanning her through his glass. "Man of war, isn't she? lie inquired. Captain Atkinson nodded. "Not much doubt about that," lie answered. "Look at lier guns. The odd part of it is, too, she is flying no flag. AVe shall know who she is in a minute or two, though." Air. Snbi r, descended the steps on liis way to a late luncheon. As lie turned the cor ner, he came face to face with Mr. AVat son, whose eyes were fixed upon the coming steamer with a very curious . expression. "Alan of war," Air. Sabin remarked. "You look as though you had seen lier be fore." ' - Air. AVatson laughed harshly. "I should like to see her," he remarked, "at. the bottom of the sea." Afr. Sabin looked at him in surprise. "You know her. then?" lie remarked. "I know her," Air. AVatson remarked, "too well. She is tlie Kaiser AVillielin, and she is going to rob me of £20,000." ' (To be continued.) 