JESUS AND THE SAMARITANS. fBy Kev. John Watson, M.A., D.D.] ("Ian Maclaren. ) Then saith the woman of Samaria unto Him, How is it that Thou, being a Jew, asketh drink of me, who am a woman of Samaria? for the Jews have no deal ings with the Samaritans. . . . Jesus saith unto her, Woman, believe me, the hour cometh when ye shall neither in this mountain, nor yet at Jerusalem, worship the Father. . . . The hour cometh and now is when the true worshippers shall worship the Father in spirit and in truth.—John, iv., 0, 21, 23. There are organs in the human body which now are useless, and which may be dangerous —the remains of a former stage of evolution ; and there are certain faculties of the soul which serve very little good purpose, and which sometimes may be destructive. And one of them is the power of dislike. With most of us there is usually some person whom we cannot abide, at the mention of whose name we flare up, whose good_ qualities we refuse to acknowledge, _ and in whose faults we take an enthusiastic interest. There may be some reason for the dislike, and in that case it can be removed. There may be no reason, and in that case it never can be re moved. The person whom a Jew could not bear was a Samaritan, and while his feelings towards a Jew or a Gentile were hardly cor dial, his feelings towards a Samaritan were those of virulent hatred. Every day that the Jews met for worship the Samaritans were cursed in the synagogue. A Samari tan was not allowed to give evidence in a Jewish court of justice, and when a Jew wished to express his last hatred of a person —as when he wished to show that he detested our Lord Jesus Christ, he was accustomed to say, "Thou arc a Samaritan." We are all aware of this bitter dislike the Jews had to the Samaritans, but we may not be all fully aware of the reasons. There were two. One was the supremely human reason that the Samaritans were extremely like the Jews, for there is no person who is more likely to be disliked than a person from whom you differ, but who is apt to be confounded with yourself. The Samaritans according to their own account were the de scendants of the lost ten tribes, that is, of the ten tribes that had been expatriated. I do not know, that a Samaritan would say that his blood was pure, but he would say that he had at least a very strong and decided strain of Jewish blood, and that on that account he was entitled to be included among the Jewish people. The Jew would say that every one of his brethren of the ten tribes had been taken away, and that their place had been occupied by a pack of heathen brought from the East, and that every single drop of the Samaritan blood ■was base and alien. Here, of course, was an excellent ground of quarrel, and there is no person that cannot enter into it, whether he be a layman or whether he be a churchman. If it happen that there be two families of the same name in a town, one of them rich and the other poor, and the poor family live at a distance from the rich, and never once say to any person that they are connected with the rich family, then the rich family, if they ever hear of them, will speak perfectly kindly of their namesake. The-rich man will say he believes his namesake is a well doing working man, and his wife will say that a working man's wife brings up her family in a most creditable fashion. If the rich family spell their name precisely the same, and make a change in the spelling in order to distinguish it from all other names of the same kind, and sq to indicate that they are removed from the common herd, and the poor family tell every person in the town that they are cadets of the same family, though in somewhat lower circumstances, then the feelings of the rich people to them will be entirely different; they will take every opportunity of explaining that they have never known a more gross case of impertinence, and they will on every occa sion take an opportunity of dissociating them selves from those—not poor relatives, but downright impostors. If a great Church is entirely separate from another, with a different creed, worship, and history, there is not much occasion of quarrel, but if a body affiliate itself to the great Church, insisting that it is in reality the same Church and imi tate its ceremonies, and carry itself as a part of that Church, then there is no question that from time to time it will be denounced from the pulpit and altars of that Church. • It will be denounced, not because it is a rival Cburcb, but because it is an impudent and a hypocritical Church, pretending to be what it is not, and therefore to be constantly exposed. The Samaritans were the poor relatives of the Jewish race; the Samaritans were the Dis senters, heretics, schismatics, of the Jewish Church. RIVAL RELIGIONISTS. Again, there was another reason. The Samaritans were so very near to the Jews, for these peoplo were living in the very centre of the Holy Land, in a very rich and picturesque portion, so that a Jew coming from Galilee to worship in Jerusalem had either to_ go a long, rouudabout way on the east side of the Jordan, or else he had to walk through the Samaritan country. There were many en counters as the Jews came through among the Samaritans, and you remember that the Sama ritans refused hospitality to Jesus one dav, and as a return two of His apostles wished to call down lire from heaven. And I am bound to admit that the Samaritans took the opportunity to do many mean and spiteful things to the J ews, as people who are weaker and in lower rank are apt to do to people who are stronger and above them. The sin of a strong man is tyranny, the sin of little man is spitefulness. For instance, the Jews had a very lovely custom. About the Passover time they lit a bonfire on a hill near Jerusalem, and ether Jews lit fires to corre spond further along towards the East, and then every Jew out in exile, seeing the lights, knew he was remembered in Jerusalem, and that it was Passover time at home. The Samaritans were in the habit of lighting rival bonfires, confusing the messages, and throw ing the exiles into hopeless confusion. Thi3 is one of the things about which the Jews were most indignant. And i because they were so like, because they lived so near—like a poor man building his house exactly at the rich man's doors, and a heretic building a church directly opposite the other man's church—therefore the Jew hated the Samaritan, and the Samaritan returned the feeling with as much interest as he was capable of. When Jesus came as the Prophet of God and began his great mission, it was very interesting to notice how he would deal with the Samaritans. It was one thing for Him to deal with Gentiles, and an entirely different thing to deal with those people. The furthest reach of charity I know is not the charity of a man who will extend his favor able concern to people at a distance from him, but the man that will step across the narrow bar that separates himself from those against whom his father and brothers are perpetually protesting, and give to them the right hand of fellowship. One of course knows that the charity of Jesus was boundless, and in the position which he took up towards the Samaritan He not only gave an instance of His abounding human love, but He also laid down the line3 on which His Church should follow in all generations, and exhibited the spirit that should possess all His disciples. It was not within His function to conduct a mission to Samaiia, but He took an oppor tunity of the most natural and gracious kind to have a conversation with a Samaritan woman and with other Samaritans, and in the course of so doing He stated His position. More than that; in His teaching after wards Ho went out of His way to defend the Samaritans from the bigotry of the Jews, and to give them His marked approval. The leper who came back thankful was a Samari tan, and the man who helped the sick traveller when the priest and the Levite passed by, behold, he was a Samaritan. Jesus, however, was very careful in His attitude to the Samaritans, and He did not allow His immense charity to trifle with the truth. When He spoke to the Samaritan woman He told her distinctly that the Sama ritans occupied a lower spiritual place than the Jews, and He gave the reason. The Samari tans had the Ten Words of Moses, the Penta teuch, and they were devoted to the Penta teuch, but the Samaritans refused to have the prophets, and therefore Jesus said to them, "Ye worship ye know not what; we worship we know what." By that He did not mean that the Samaritans did not worship God, for they worshipped the same God—every man worships God. He meant—"You do not know fully whom you worship. You have had Moses, and that has been a great blessing; you have had the Ten Words, and that is a great blessing, but you have not had the prophets to give you more than the law, to give you the Gospel. You have known God as righteous, you have never known God as gracious." With what peculiar force would that come home to the woman who had been frail and weak—the law she had and the law she felt, but what she needed was something more than the law. That she did not know, that she had not got. She had never read Isaiah, with his marvellous and gracious invitations, nor any of the other prophets that'lifted the veil from the Eternal and brought Him not only to man's conscience, but also to man's heart; that made people know He was not only Judge, but also Saviour add Father. "Ye worship ye know not what, but ye shall know some _day;" Is not that the loss of all religious bodies that have de parted from the main stream of the Catholic Church? And by the Catholic Church I mean those who hold the great central doc trines of the faith—viz-, the Fatherhood of God, the Deity of our Lord Jesus Christ, the indwelling of the Holy Ghost, the victory of Christ over the world on Calvary, and the end-, less grace which proceeds to the human soul from Jesus Christ with a hope «f the life everlasting. Briefly that is the Catholic faith, and I- should say the whole of the Catholic faith and the things added thereunto are matters of dispute, held to in one age and re-, jected in the other. But down all the ages the' Catholic Church of all times has held firmly toj those truths and witnessed to them. Now I must point out for your own judgment; whether the people moving down that great historical stream have not had a hope, have not had a strength of faith, have. not had a warmth of love, have not had a high enthusiasm and joy of life, have not had a_ fruitfulness of service, that have not been given to the bodies that from time to time have separated from this great tradition, and have stood apart. They have stood aparii according to their conscience, or for the most part they have stood apart under the influence of circumstances; they have worshipped God, they have not had the fulness and gracioua ness of the Divine revelation. THE SERVICE OF HERETICS. Another thing Jesus implies is this, that no body whatever that stands apart from the his torical Church but has rendered great service. When those Samaritans worshipped on Mount Gerizim they had an immense loss, for the great joy of faith was at Jerusalem, notwith standing all the bigotry and folly of the Jews, but the fact that they worshipped on Mount Gerizim was a protest against the exclu sive spirit of the Jews, and was a prophecy of a wider and greater religion. There is no heretical body but has witnessed for some truth, none which has not- rendered intense service to the Catholic faith. The Catholic Church has been apt to say they are dwindling, they have died, and the sooner they die and are buried the better. True, but they did not live in vain, and they do not die in vain, and the Samaritans witnessed for the universality of the future Church. That Jesus Himself bases'on two considera tions. He says—"The time is coming when you will not worship at Jerusalem only, and will not worship at Gerizim only; the time is coming when this society of people will be world-wide, a glorious company of people all over the world, in all places." And the ground is first the Fatherhood of God. Jesus says "the Father." Whenever Jesus says "the Father" He blows to pieces and utterly sweeps away all distinctions, by which I would be able to turn to a man who doe3 not hold my views and say—"Thou art outside God. Thou art outside the Divine blessing and the Divine hope." If God be the Father, that man is God's son as much as I am His son, and if so I cannot refuse to call that man brother except on one condition, that I shall give up my right to call God Father. If the Jews said—"He is our Father, not your Father," they passed themselves out of the great family, and whenever anyone takes up that position to his brother he does take away the sonship from his brother who may be in a far country, but like the elder brother he takes away the sonship from himself. Can you not see the folly of it ? Suppose that I consider I have the true faith, and this other man of some other denomination or some other nation has not got the true faith; onthat-aeeountam I to deny him his solitary privilege and hope? If he is blind, am I to seize the opportunity to give him a shove over the edge of a precipice? Because he has not got the light, therefore am I bound to pity him and take him by the arm to help him to do every thing, except say, " Thou art blind and I am not, and there is nothing between you and me." Do you see how wide it is? This applies to all nations of the human race and to all religions, to every kind of Samaritan anywhere—he also is God's son.. Outside many; privileges we have, yes ! He was not born in Jerusalem. Only the Penta teuch, the sense of the existence of God, and the Ten Words written on his conscience, that is all! On that account am I to turn against him, pour soul ? No prophet has come to him, no Isaiah, no Jesus. Happy I that have more than a conscience, that have got this tremendous light and comfort and strength that God Himself has come to help me. Unfortunate he but to whom my love, my sympathy go out. And then there gradually rises before your mind that im mense society of good men that have been of all nations, of all creeds, who are all gathered under the name of the Father. Then I see St. Louis, the good Catholic, and Marcus Aurelius, the good Stoic; I see them, both Samaritans, coming under this blessing from one standpoint, one of them saying, "Father," and the other not knowing that he had the right to say "Father," but both having a Father! THE SPIRITUALITY OP GOD. And the other ground upon which Jesus declares that the society will be world- wide, not confined by any creed or form of worship, is the spirituality of God. Why, it stands to reason—if you only cleanse your mind from tradition—it stands to reason that what the Eternal requires of men is an honest heart, and that if any man is following the light wherever he has got the light, and every man is obeying-wherever^ he sees a commandments and every man within his soul is calling upon God according to the power wherewith he can call upon God, that is an act of worship. Con ceive the Eternal considering whether you and I are absolutely right in our thinkiDg pro cesses concerning His nature—whom we cannot know in that fashion and whom we shall never know after that fashion—and splitting us into divisions as by the aisles of this church because so many people have arrived at cor rect logical conclusions regarding the per sonality of God or the relationship of the Divine and human in Jesus, or any other mystery, and so many have made a mistake 1 Conceive a father who would divide his children by the fact that some of them under stand thoroughly all about his public duties and his profession and his history, and so many of them do not understand about their father's work ! Conceive of it! It does not enter into reason. It is outside of reason altogether ! Or conceive of a church judged by methods of worship, whilst God Himself is seeking for spirit. Was not the long con troversy of God with the Jews that they were coming to Him killing goats, and not with clean hearts and clean hands? Ah, brethren, do you read the prophets ? Do you read how those old Jewish prophets used to stand up and face that bigoted and ritualistic people, and say to them, "What good can it do to God, and what good can it do you to take a poor, trembling, innocent, beautiful creature like a lamb and slaughter it, and imagine that God was hungry for its flesh and thirsting for its blood? What kind of God would that be? And what folly, too, if thine own hands were unclean and thou didst imagine that because that poor creature died thou wouldst be accepted." Head the first chapter of Isaiah, where the prophet tells them that all that is foolish and childish ritualism, and what God asks is a clean heart and clean hands, tenderness and love and mercy and justice. Is there any man who, when he is reasoning with himself, and when he is unhampered and unblinded by prejudices, is not perfectly certain that God looks at the heart and not at the outside, and that a good man mu3t be accepted by God whether he lives in India, China, France, or in our_ own country, whether he worships after this rite or after the other. Of course that man may not have the fulnes3 of the blessing—that was what I was saying a moment ago—and there fore, to that man must be sent any light we have got, any fuller joy, peace, strength, com fort for life—what God desires is the spiritual heart. Ah, brethren, after all it is a great mystery. The whole of religion is a tremendous mystery; you and I can know very little, and what we do know is very perplexing. As that woman said, the well is deep, very deep. That was Jacob's well, that man's hands dug. And the ropes and the buckets are very imperfect, afid when we let down our longest rope, it does nob go very far, and what the bucket brings up may not be all pure water. You let down the bucket, and you bring up what you can get in the well of man's devising. " The well," she said, "is deep." Peor woman! And Jesus said, "If you ask of Me I will give you living water, and I am beside you." When you and I are utterly wearied by the theologies and the philosophies, - by the churches and the controversies, all the creeds and all the worships, oh 1 thank God, if these wells be deep and some of them very muddy, there is Christ! Did Christ ever say a word you could not say Amen to? Never!- Did Christ ever give out a commandment that was not common sense of the highest fold, supreme reasonableness Never! Did He ever show an example in life that does not fulfil your very highest ideas of how a man should live? Never! -"Ah," said the woman, "we believe the Messiah will come some day from God. God made us, and He will never leave us to walk all our days in darkness. We believe the Messiah shall come some day, and when He comes He will tell us." Now that is a very human idea—God will never leave me in this immense spot; if He be a God and Father He will send somebody somebody the tones of whose voice and the look on whose face will carry instant convic tion to me. Said Jesus to the woman—Ha never said such a plain thing to any other per son that I can find—" I am He !" My brother who has perplexity and who has not been able to say Amen to everything the Church has said, my brother of Mount Gerizim, and my brother of Samaria, I take thy hand ; I have been often in Samaria, too. I take thy hand and say to thee, Let us both go the Well of everlasting water, let us both drink the spirit of Jesus Christ, for where the spirit of Jesus Christ is there ib sonship, there is light, there is holiness, there is liberty, there is the Church of the living God ! Oakum is much used for caulking ships; it is also largely employed for surgical purposes in dressing in the hospitals of Great Britain and on the Continent. 