CQUfJTHY NEWS. Half o£ the children attending the Koioit- Kliite school are suffering from- measles, and one of the teachers is also attacked by the iHsonsc. . ' , A, TroS dead attho door of his hmie in giyde%teet, Ballarat North, Horn i.a3 died at his residence, Caiu- paspc!" near! Malffisbury, at the advanced £ Wallaoe, i.nrl iis dwelling house and contents, as ;l| as tiis barn,' wliiclu contained, several lues of oats, destroyed by- fire. . 'flic9 "ghost" reported in Uie_Avora dis- . ;,1 still going about;; but efforts to get TslU at him live; proved futile Latterly, lie lias not approached too close to trniel- lert lad, M ycars; of age, named/George TYroman Llovd, hns been arrested at Yar- charged with maliciously setting fire to the dwelling of a village settler nameu Ja t Kchuea on Tuesday moping a woman named Prendergast reported to the police that she had fomul her- husband; a- fisher man, dead; in bed. Death was due to na-: tU,i'hc committee - of the Lchuca Consump tive Home lias received an offer. from n- eentleiiian 'who promises,- if -the cominittee can raise £130, to donate £100, and if £-50, will probably give £250. - A man, 70 years. of age, has been sent to ' .-,n„uit by trie JOimhurst . bench. Tl,e poor old fellow has resided at Elin- iiuret for nearly -30 years, and will now prob ably end his. days in gaol. . . .. .- Tho salt harvest at Point Henry this season lias beeii a. bountiful one over -WWU tons being already stacked . there. - This quantity will be. considerably increased ( by the second crop now being taken from the P<Ata magisterial inquirj' into the death of Thomas Dixon, Lillvdalc, found dead with a gunshot wound in . his head, it was found that deceased died from wounds self-inflic ted, but- whether accidentally or not did UOJoseplialKing .Guested, better known as. "The Hermit, .tvho lived alone in a cave at. Blanket .Bay -for many years, lias died in the Colae Hospital. The deceased must . lmvc . been 70 ycars.of age. He lyas born at ban? tanto, Africa. . , , , t -: A new method lias adopted ln the putting up of'barracouta at the 1 ort. Fairy faetorv. - The fish is canned whole,- and hears "a-..strikirig' resemblance to Hmpered, herrings, : which, however, it -surpasses, in. .tastefuliiesss. ''i: : 1 Mr.: Joluv 0 Snannessy, a well -known lesi dent of IUowa, was- thrown by a .fractious : horse and unfortunately one foot remained in' -the stirrup -.'iron. Before he > could . free. -Himself- : O'Shahnossy was, badly . luckcdr.pn; the: thigliiand abdomen.-; ; r - : -e-ki : .In the vicinity of Pell's islaughter. yiu'ds; at.TungahiahMn Ha.Gnnnkshot Mur ag 0- hawk.';; ,Th'e. bird;, which- is a iranty.in .tlie: liistricti'mciisureiliOifeet 1. inelf from- tip/to tip,, and. when1 shot: wasiihnkirig ofKwithm fulligrownkturkeyriii: its';italdhs;-..,. --A Aiabbit'trapper'named-Heni-y Gay ton was : oh AVe'diicsaay-.-kicked on the chest, by-; his h'orSej Jaiid''' felt thor.effectsvso /severely tliat his; mates:. put' him' in. a-eartito'-'drive info adoctorkii die' asked. his-, iriat'es;tb:driye faster; ''On-turning round- the; la tterrfouiid limi dcad'y.X'',d'hv>.W-'lilt ,C'V 'Tho' WiUVifou'li on Lake ; Pertobe/and in the morasses 'of the;Merri- ;River-;afe .cer tainly temptingito sho6tists;ibut;thoso,who give way' toHhe 'temptation to have- a shot . are': finding r the i amusement: : rather).c'Qstly.: A' fine of 20s., :Qr';Seyen-'days' imprisonment, . is a great'disillusioiw.;, -/ 'i;v:'a.ri-.;T' \- Mrs. Charlotte ifMaskoll;:' aged 121; years, daughter of uu'ell-knowh Taturafarmer/in trying to get the cows out of a dam, fell into it herself/; A' youngiman named Suther land heard her screams and got the body out of the water. Every effort was used to re store aniin'iitibn, but without avail.- i ,On: Saturday the body' of Fle.tcher Mouii- sey, a miner, aged CO,' was found in' the x\l- lendale reservoir, Spring Hill. The de- caised -was for niany years employed on the Berry leads;, but' since work ceased at -the Madame Berry he had been unable to - gain steady employment, as lie was too old. Bush 'fires' have' again broken out: on ail sides in ': the Lillydale' district; owing to the warm ' weather of the past day or " two; ' The most serious " one : oc- cm-rcd''on' Sunday, and 'is .ascribed to- the thoughtlessness 'of a party of lislierriieii who lit a fire oh the creek in the vicinity of the Dnndonong Ranges; ' : The Melton' weir, which ..supplies' the township, has but 3 'feet of water, aiid ah;, people .Come.' there for -watei: , tor miles round, that supply, if the present dry weather 'continues,' will soon be exhausted. Some years ago a bote was. put down near the township, and water was struck at : a dentil of. about 75 feet. .What Ballarat pays for its ambitions. Owing to the lbwness of the water .in. the reservoirs, and the fuct that a large quantity of water will be required for the Easter en campment, street watering has to lie dis continued at once, and the watering of the plants at the botanical gardens can be done my by means of water cans. Unless a good doivnpour takes place soon there will be much mortality amongst stock in the Western district in the coming xvin- ,' Artificial feeding of stock has been extensively resorted to. Huston's Creek, which ceased running early in December last, is now running again, owing to tho rc- cent bursting out of springs in its bed. oaniuel. Wallis, aged 20, died suddenly on ounday night at Drouin South, in the hut of John Harm, by whom he' liad .beeu engaged as a splitter. He .complained of-, cramps in the stomach, and Karin went to a neighbor YJV .assistance, and : on "his return found tv tllis dead. Deatli.wa's due to acute strau- tia i'licsfincsj inducing peritoni- Dr. It. P. Hudson, one p&fche; oldest medi cal practitibrlera of BallaYa V'died on Sunday morning: from hearty discasc./Tlie deceased gentlcnian, who had iiot beeuii good health lor a long while past, was. OlV- ycars of age. He was promiiiently connected with the J<allarat Banking Company, the Ballarat Gas Company, and was the owner of a large amount of city property.' . ' 'A1»e "'Siiowy" Kivcr Hail"'- offers a conun- clruin. Whilst digging, an excavation at Mount Kosciusko last week Mr. Ingleby made a peculiar discovery, lie was down at a depth of about 2 feet, and came on a big rock, which, after a plentiful use of the crowbar, he succeeded in shifting, and -under? neatii it he found a broken China egg cup. The question is how did it got there'/ At a ineting of the Castlemaine council tenders were opened for . the . loan of £3000, at 31 per cent., for erecting new. mu nicipal buildings. The tender of Air. W. Graliam,' of Ballarat, at 3s. premium, was accepted for the whole amount. ; Air. Jiiincs Clarke an old resident 'of 'tlie Colae district, 'and .now 80 years of age, was. . brought before the local courtat his own . re- j -quest. He stated that hewas unable, to tive but to send him to gaol for three earn a' living, and the bench had no altcrna-i months for vagrancy. . By a fire at Walhalla on Sundav the re- 'sidenee of a miner named -William .Oliver, and nearly all its contents, were, destroyed. ' A youth named Bennett made aolucky rcs-j cue of Airs. Oliver and her infant child by! ting them out. The ceiling and roof fell in I just as he was lenving the place. The hus-: . band was absent from home at the . time. : There was no insurance. I Air. Alfred Alidgley formerly an officer of the Jsational Bank of .Australasia,, while, staying with his uncle, Air. J. S. Holmes, at Garfield, went for a load of wood. He was Islanding on the shaft of the drnv until his t back to the horse, trying to pull out a loi of ivood wlien the log suddenly gave way and Air. Alidgley fell backwards. His spine was so .seriously, injured that he died Iroin the effects of the accident. I An elderly man named Tlios. Gibson was killed' at Wood's Point on Alonday night. I In making his way to his camp near the Sir John franklin mine,, three miles froni Wood's Point, he fell' over an embankment, and was found lying in a race about' 300 feet below by his mate. He was working at the Sir John Franklin mine, i and it is understood that he leaves a family i in Melbourne. | Air. Wm. Long, of Glehormiston, while strolling along the beach at Warrnambbol, espied "a huge seal basking ' on the' rocks. After a deal of trouble, he climbed on to a iock which overhung his sealsliip and smashing a half hundred . weight .boulder ' down . succeeded ' ; in ' braining the inonstcr. j He imincdiately skinned tlie vic'tim'and has. the ' pelt'- pegged rip at Glenormiston. . 'The: 'seal was a vciy 'large one, records' Hie "Teranp Press/'' the skin being" as Higasltlmt l of 'a well grown steer; . : . ''f. | ;, '.AIr.;,Kobert Himter, "Ah old colonist: of, 50- y'carsbstandihg.' ihet his: death on'.;the:23rd:! inst, ,m , peculiarly,, painful ; circumstances. 1 He Vivas.: maliiiig a. brave ' atteniptji single' ihahded," to keep,' i, in; \ qlieclc'. .'.ii i fire which i se'cmed lik'ely to devastate his property, /hear ; JlVarriindy te,'. when lie was: overcome ,by< heat I and i exhalation. 'His, body, .was found, near the' fire , oil, '.tlie ifdjlowihg-i day , by.;, a, .search a.i;".,,'Pr.FUillij;b'oiHeld.''ia.;M8t mor- ; ,teih' exaihihatiph, "stated 'that death' liad. re- i "suited from'syhcopei I' Here is a problem- offered for solution by i :D.eahTXoyUe,;;of-BallaTat;(wlio 'is admitted j ;to be one- of , the, '.best , mathematicians in !. Australia. The question, is-— "Airs. A., Airs. H. and. Airs, R., and .their, three daughters bought 'cldtli and laces; The qiiifchase was iWeractryafds/iHindl each person paid as imany. .cents.; per- yard lis. she bought yards. 'Each of ftlie ladies paid C3 cents, inore. than ih'er ""daughter; ' - 'Of tlie. Librae . girls fane iboiiglit 23 - yards ' less than JAIi's; A;, "arid .Elizaill ij'ardsdess than AlrsL H;. The third ;pff theL.daughtcrs was, named. Annie. Whose idaughte'r was. each of the girls?" ..; .. ' '; On' Tuesday evening, at',. Castlemaine, ; as several children. were playing hear an ahah- iddned' quarryln'ow. filled -with - water;':the infaritrchild of Charles Al'Shanag . fell in; Some line repairers working on the. rail way line 500, yards away, were . informed aiid: Thomas ; Goodall, the only one. that could swim, without waiting to divest.liim- self of clothing, leaped down into the water, and Svitli difficulty, brought the child to the side :df the quarry, -where they were both hauled upi Goodall was warmly thanked by . the mother of tlie child, who was re stored to consciousness, and was applauded by the crowd for his plucky conduct. . ' At Echuca on Wednesday aserious acci dent occurred to. Airs. Dryden, a resident of Picola. Accompanied by her she visited Ecliuca; and the daughter attended tlie fun eral of a resident. Oil her return she handed the vehicle to her mother, who essayd to re- turn home, but had scarcely got outside the borough' boundary .when the trap struck against an obstacle, and overturned. Aire. Drvdcii waspinned to '.the ground. A man Who ivaii driving along the road picked her up and cpnyeycd her to the hospital, But ; slie :is sq';' terribly injured that no Lope- is held "out. " V'fAt ; Warrnambool on Alonday morn- big ' a Airs. Crclan attempted suicide by- jumping into the sea from the in take pier,, but was rescued with . some difficulty. When brought before the Eblice magistrate privately it appeared that er reason had become unhinged owing to domestic troubles. A year ago she left to join her husband in West Australia, when her family and herself were attacked by typhoid. Two children died, and oil her re turn to Warrnambool another child died of the same disease. The anguish of losing three children within a year preyed on her mind. .She was handed over to the care of her husband. A correspondent of the "Hamilton Spec tator" describes from the memories of tlie past his reminiscences of the record snake in order to dispose of the assertion Hint a 7 foot reptile recently killed was the largest ever despatched in the district. It was iu 1849, while hunting for stray horses, on- a run - adjoining tlie. Black l'rotcctornte of Alount Rou9e. "Suddenly among the stones there was a startling commotion, like a small whirlwind ahend of me, and my com panion dashed at full gallop and smote the apparent cataclysm with his stockwhip, with which he was a severe punisher. On rushing up, I found that he had -broken the hack of a hnge snake, which was wri thing in agony, but soon- got its coup do grace. After a long survey lie -remarked, 'I have been all over New South, Wales and the most of Port Phillip (then), and that is the largest snake I have seen.' It measured S feet 4 inches." 