Sporting- Notes. ESSENDON v. COLLINGWOOD. We are not much at prophesying, but last week we hit the nail on the head with the remark that the. Mag pies had confidence 'that if they were not on top they would .be "awfully near it" in the match against the in vulnerable Essendon. That they came out on top is now a matter of history, and the thousands who journeyed to the Victoria Park witnessed a game worthy of the name of Football. The Magpies set out with such go and determination from the very bounce of the ball that quite non-plussed the Essendon, and raised cheer after cheer from the black and white followers. Hopes were going up with a bound, and when Smithy snapped .a 'behind, putting up the first point .foi Colling wood against the wind, a rumpling sound was heard from the subdued throats of the locals, which shortly after ended in a mighty roar as Tulloch put the sphere through the sticks. One would have thought that America had at last bonmbarded Spain, the barrackers letting loose their pent-up gas in one wild war-hoop. "Go in Wood" resounded all over the ground, and go in they did, completely out playing their opponents in every point of the game. Surprise was stamped on the Essendon barrackers' visages, they feeling that if the Magpies beat their fancies against the wind, it was a 'monty" that they " were left." And so it proved to be, -for in the second quarter. Collingwood .add.ed 15 ;points ta ,their 14- points already gained, while the Essendon "hadn't a'ghost." With the scores at 29 to 7, the third quarter was commenced and ended by the Magpies, against the wind, adding 9 more points to their opponents .12. The bell rang out for the final tussle, and all looked forward to the Essen don's retrieving themselves, but al though this quarter was "most willing," the Magpies" asserted themselves and "ran rings" around the invincibles, putting up two more points to one, winning one of the best contested matches by 40 points to 20. The player most in evidence was un doubtedly Hailwood, who bested his man time after time, Kennedy, O'Brien, and Stranger were bright lights, 'while Sime and Pannam treated the on-. lookers with bits of sprinting that electrified everybody, beating their men nicely. "Lardy," Gillard, and others, not forgetting little Smithy, worked liked Britons to the last, while "Proudy," who scattered his opponents like chaff before the wind, led his "good men and true" to the eucalyptus depot to interview Boss Lee, who was found hiding behind a smile that was well earned, and worthy of the occasion, and merited the war cry of Rick, Rick, Rickety Dick, Housta, Housta, Whoo. Fitzroy played South Melbourne on the latter's grouiid, and "went under," the Argus saying that "South opened the game with a succession of brilliant goals that fairly paralysed their op ponents, and Yvon them the game before the first bell rang." Coglan, for the South, put up four goals in succession while the Maroons simply' looked' on, the game ending in a win for the South by 51 points to 22. Collingwood journey down:to ,Gee long on Saturday, and a great game is anticipated. No doubt a number sill avail themselves of the trip, those not patronising the bay, going by train from Collingwood at the.excursion fare of 4s 6d return. The Maroons meet Essindon on the Fitzroy ground; and a great amount of interest is attached to this match, they. both being in the lead. The two clubs having suffered a defeatLast-Saturday, there will be such a struggle for supre macy as has not been witnessed this season before, and a big gate will be the result. . Heidelberg'played Templestowe at Templestowe last Saturday, 18th June, and the results iwere Heidelberg 4 goals 8 behinds to 1 goal 5 behinds. Goal-kickers for.Berg, R. Duncan 2, J. Calvin 1, and J. Dowling i. J. ileffernin kicked the goal for Temple stowe.- - .' .. ' - Heidelberg vers'us Railway Star Saturday 25th, at Heidelberg Park. Some latter-day philosopher has said : ",end me all the dresses a-w67man has worn in the course ol her life, and I will write her biography from them." 