SMUGGLING OLD AND NEW. fyth/iri/ Hit Hi/ Tflrgrtiph, In pawing sontsnca iqmn certnin persons concerned in u fraud upon tho Victorian Customs Department tlio other day, Mr. Justice I lodge referred to the waut af daring spirit and dramatic atmosphere in connectimi with tlieso mitter. He said tho giro could not bo justly com pared with tlifit of smuggling, for " what ever admiration there might be in the mind of Hume persons for the bravery of smugglers, such did not apply hero. It was 11 lying, dpceitful, secret business. There was nothing open or brave about it. It win simply low-born, lying deceit. 1 1 had only the courage that would rob 11 drunken tirm. There was no redeem ing feature of any sort about it." Which may he perfectly.true, without reflecting special discredit upon the persons con- corned as compared with their ancestors. The world has changed, and we do as our lathers did by different methods. In these days of bonuses aud drawbacks for the encouragement of local industries, that of deceiving tho ruling powers natu rally receive a good deal of stimulation. Tbe complex machinery which Govern ments set up to prevent tbe exchange of goods between State, and the rewards offered under certain condition to cer tain producer, offer the only chances of making illegitimate profit on the good old family linm to the degenerate de scendants of bold smuggler, who were once the terror of authority along old- world -frontiers, and the admiration of tbe populace. Nothing can be done in a country like Victoria in tbe way of running in cargoes of forbidden goods which would be worth the doiog. Fur obvious reasons the semi-piratical p!ao of checkmating Governments bss been abandoned there, as in nearly every other place where high Customs duties ere levied, end craft end collusion within tbe borders are resorted to. False swear- ing, false bookkeeping, and falsehood generally are the weapons now employed, and often more effectively than the world kuows of, in defiance of laws which seek to veto natural and reasonable tirocftJMM nf trndn Tfc ia nnltf nnrA in ft long time that such an exposure aa that of the Weeueu conspiracy case takes place. But many iuaUuces might be noted in a year's course when tundry of: the people of Victoria are foiyid ia poe- session of desirable products of other Ixnds, the manner of whose importation tbey are reluctant to explain. Persooe of some standing and repnte in the com munity bave been caught in the act of taking delivery of ardent liquors on which duty has not been paid. The unreal and swollen contour of heads of families has led . the ly nx eye . of lherlaw to the discovery tbat under their cloth ing whole boxes of high-priced cigars wore loosely bestowed. As one by one tbe methods employed in evading duty payments are discovered and outwitted by the Custom watchers, ingenuity sug gests others. On tbe whole the smug gling fraternity must score heavily by tbe practice of " low-born, lying deceit," in successes of which tbe public can have no record. In the matter of secreoy and deceit, there ia no difference between tho old and new stvles of evading the Customs charges. The gallant, dashing sea-dogs of the picturesque past, who brought in ankora of rum fur tbe men and silks and rare shawl for the women of Merry England, contrary to tba lews of the re din, were not of a particularly com municative nature. Tbey did not take the coast-guard into their confidence re garding tbe hour and place at which tbey intended to dump prohibited im ports on tbe shore. The literature of the calling ascribes to tbem the owner ship, or at least the teuanoy, of many coastal caves, which, it may ba noted, are invariably described aa secret oaves, known of only by a few faithful country- 1 men who were interested in tbe business carried on, and possibly by the uobrib able sweethearts of tbe smugglers. They did not aa a rule cboaa moonlight nights for their landing enterprises. It is trae that tbey carried cutlasses, big short- range pistols, and tbe bell- mouthed fire arms of tbe period generally. But on the average they bad as much care for their lives, probably, as any other class of sane persona of their time, and took no risks that could well be avoided. Rut the tima was far apart from oore'.io its estimate of the value of -human life, In the days when, smuggling reached high-water mark— when a large force of the soldiery of the nation was perman ently engaged in endeavouring to -pre vent tbe running of cargoes from the Low countries, or trom eisewoere on and about tbo border- costal district— the life of a sheep or 'a bullock Was nearly ae sacred beforo the law aa that of a man. A good deal of the admira tion tbat is expressed in these times for the courageous spirit of the early free traders is mistaken. They were repre sentatives of a time when men were much mure freely exposed to the risk of being slain. than npw, and were, .therefore, more used to it; Probably the exaltation of the smuggler' in popu lar song und story is less due to a recog nition of his exceptional heroism than to worm approval of his colling. Robert Burns, who was a Customs officer himself, h&9 put on record tbe joy with which tbe populace hailed the seizure and removal to tbe nether regions by " tbe muckee black deil" of an ex- ciseman. The people generally leit what they bad. not wife enough to ex press Id political regulations, that tbey should be left free to buy what tbay liked and where tbey liked, as far as their circumstances would allow. If the pressure of trade restriction in an other dlreotion bud not become Intoler able, and led to effective revolt— if tbe repeal of the import duties on corn bad not carried with it the' repeal of those upon strong drink, clothing, and other things popularly required, there would si ill probably be a large force of men was totally occupied in guarding the English coasts ugainsfe illegal importa tion. The introduction of tbe f reetrade policy killed the profession of smuggling at one blow. Ouly in protectionist, countries is the ghost of it tn. .in ouc times- in tbe abape -of Casterns' frauds, .n might, au the manner of our epoch, by means of deception and connivance/ There is nothing blood-stirring or romantic in tho old sonso about theso trickeries. Thorn is no risk to lifo at tendant upon thorn. Public opinion would not now sauction the shooting down of smuggler, no matter how defiantly siul openly thny Bought to brealctoelaw. Tlio utmost that, it wil sanction Is fine and itnpriaonnw determent against violation orv t ti the imnhst heart of nearly » . \u- . . probably of all women, the.. v< real condemnation for tlio pi :»>' V" seekelolevuilo regulations whio. 'i 1. htm from making an Inmost . -Jo with any ntber to his ownadva v. Something like tho feeling exists on 'ii<> Buhject;whicb cause tho selling of di on Sundays contrary to law tube wink, at, though more general and mare ao centuuted.. Nobody wbo outwits tbe law against free importation is looked upon by his tallows ae 0 criminal in the sonso of having indicted injury upon ucutuly protectionist countries he is re garded as an especially clever citizen. In one of the cities of the United States there is a statue in commemoration of n person whose only conspicuous act was to reap a huge fortune by the importa tion of lead in defianco of tho iuteution of the law. There was a heavy duty upon Imported lead, the effect of which was felt severely by plumbers nnd others engaged in callings requiring the use of it. Hut there was no duty ou statuary, aud a gentleman, appropriately natntd Dodge, conceived the ides of having a shipload of atstnes moulded tn lead sent to him from the places where Ibo raw material was most cheaply obtainable. The law was powerless. Tbe enterpris ing importer waa eoabled to reap u large reward, while at tbe same time illicitly rend&riog; a public servica la enlarging and cheapening tba local supply of n much-needed commodity. The devices employed in the United States to defeat tho Castoms regulations are numberless, and no sbsme is experienced by anybody wbo is particularly successful in carrying out any of them in speaking of the mat ter to his intimates. They are fraudu lent and deceitful in the legal sense, but in tbe moral sense tbey do not call tor strong reprobation, because the senti ment in favor of individual liberty to do an intriosically honest thing, like unre- itrjeted buying and selling, is strooger than popular rcapoct for the law which limits it. 