■ CITY POLICE COURT. Messrs. Henderson, Perry and Gibson, Js. P., presided yesterday. THE SUPPOSED GHOST. — The young man Eugene Edward Johnson, who was captured on Tuesday evening at Lake Weeroona mas- querading in woman's clothes, was charged with behaving in an insulting manner in a public place. Mr. L. Murphy appeared for defendant. Mr. Murphy, inspector of police, prose- cuted, and called Mr. Fernley, a printer living at Ironbark, who stated that about, 7.30 p.m. he was walking in the lake grounds with his wife. He noticed the accused (who was dressed in female attire) come along, and could see by his gait that he was not a woman. John Kilby said he was a laborer residing in Bayne- street. He saw the prisoner pass his place. With others he followed him down Bayne, Nolan, and M'Crae streets into the lake grounds. Saw Mr. Fernley there and said to him, " This looks suspicious.'' They stopped Johnson, who stated that he was looking for the ghost, as his mother had been terribly frightened a few evenings before. Edward O'Neill, a trainer, gave corroborative evidence. Constable Moncrief said that about twenty minutes to eight o'clock, in consequence of something that he heard, he went to the lake, where Johnson was handed over to him by Mr. Fernley and others. This closed the case for the prosecution. For the defence Mr. L. Murphy stated that on Saturday evening Mrs. Johnson was standing at her gate, when a ghostly apparition appeared in front of her. It was about 4ft. 6in. in height, and gradually assumed larger proportions. She was greatly frightened, and has ever since been very ill, and could not appear at the court that day on her son's behalf. However, she had written a letter which, with the permission of the court, he would put in as evidence, and which stated that she was fully aware of her son dressing in female attire. Mr. Murphy further stated that his client went round the hospital twice and then went to the lake. If he had been success- ful in capturing the ghost he would have been looked upon as a hero, but unfortunately he was captured himself. His object was a good one, and how could he be charged with insult-. iug behavior. He asked that the case be dis- missed. The prisoner then gave evidence. He said that he was a carpenter living in Frederick - street, and on Saturday"evening" came home about ten o'clock. He found his mother in a very nervous state and speechless. When she was able to speak (which was not for some time) she said that a ghost had frightened her. She was very bad on Sunday and Monday, and was still ill from the effects of the fright. Since then, seeing in the papers that the apparition was only frightening women and children, she said it would be a good thing if somebody dressed up in women's clothes. He did not run away from the crowd, as he was on the same errand as they were. His sole object was to catch the offender for the public good. Mr. Murphy (for the prosecution) : It was a very serious thing to do, you know, you might have been charged with a much more serious offence under the Crimes Act. Mr. Ferry (addressing the prisoner) said that the bench were of opinion that he had no intention of doing harm by mas- querading as a woman, and would not inflict a fine if he would contribute a sum to the city poor box. Mr. L. Murphy at once promised that 10s. would be placed in the poor, box, and the accused left the court. Threatening to Kill ins Wive. — The case of Mrs. Olga Louisa M'Namara against George M'Namara for threatening to kill her at Long Gully, and which was adjourned from Monday last in order that the defendant might get counsel to act on his behalf, was concluded. Defendant stated that he was not able to obtain counsel. The evidence was therefore heardover again, and was in the main similar to that given in The. Advertiser last Tuesday. The prisoner was bound over to keep the, peace for three months in one surety of £10. Debt Cases.—Several debt cases were adjudi cated upon, and the court adjourned. 