PUBLICATIONS RECEIVED. The "Leisure Hour" for November contains a capital selection of articles, and commences a new story-as might be expected with the first part of a new volume. Among the illustrated matter may be mentioned, as specially interesting, a description of the Queen's decks by E. M. Jessop and for those who like figures as well as lKus'tra alone, there is an instructive paper on the Port of London. Music is represented by a stretch of Chopin, biography by a very read able digest of Busch'e book on Bismarck, Ihietcry by Sir Reginald Palgrave article on the Star Chamber, and fiction by " A Prince and the Father the new story above mentioned, which, by the way, opens as a good story should, with plenty of grip on the reader. The " Windsor Magazine" for November is up to date and as readable as ever. Guy Boothby's weird story,," Pharos" the Egyptian is brought to a conclusion, as in Lieutenant Hjalmar Johansen's interesting record of the " Fram" expedition A feature of the issue is a song composed by Michael Watson, called " Parting," which has never been published before. The multitude of singers who know this popular composer's work will no doubt rejoice at the chance of obtaining another specimen for sixpence. Mr. James Ramsay contributes a very interesting paper on " Canadian Empire-builders of To-Day. " " Rodman the Boatsteerer," by Louis Becke (T. Pisher-Unwln).-Louie Becke's latest book is exactly similar to his earlier works a collection of short sketches and tales of " the Islands," most of which have already appeared in sundry magazines and periodicals. As a whole the book is, perhaps, not as powerful as " The Ebbing of the Tide" of " By Reef and Palm." One does not lay it down and form an instant resolve to set out forthwith and vegetate In the South Pacific for the rest of one's days. Probably the reason for this is that some of the sketches are mainly records of actual things that happened, such as " The Cutting Off of the Queen Charlotte, a tale which throughout bears the impress of truth. Another cause may be that a few of the tales have for their environment North Queensland and the east coast of Australia generally-and no one wants to go there. But when these two divisions are eliminated there remain a good many stories, in the author's best style, of " white men and brown women," such as he delights in, and with which he has hitherto succeeded in charming his readers. Two of the most powerful stories of this class in the collection are " A Man of Impulse" and " Erma the Half-blood," both of which are really dramatically intense in their situations. The story which gives the name to the book does not strike one so forcibly, being merely the telling of an escape from a ship by some of the crew, who had been ill-treated by the captain. " A Question of Precedence" is an amusing sketch, showing that even in the home of unconventionality there is a Mrs. Grundy to be considered, and the, leaders of society endeavour to keep up some pretence of style. Louis Becke's style is peculiar. When he is telling a simple little love story, with happy or tragic ending, it is clear, up affected, and delightful. When he tries to narrate historical facts it becomes stiff, stilled, and insipid. In no previous book of his has the contrast been so marked as In this one, and his admirers should pray that he may return to the path he first began to follow, and give us more stories of sunny islands and smiling girls, leaving the compilation of " true stories to other and less able pens than his. " The Wooings of Jezebel Pettyfer," by Haldane Macfall (William Heinemann). This book is a story of negro life in the West Indies, connected not so much with the light loves of a lady of colour as with the vagaries and rascalities of a most amus- ing ruffian, John Sennacherib Dyle. This gentleman who acquired the name of Mas been" Dyle owing to some trouble culminating in a police court, and arising out of Dyle's borrowing a sewing machine with it the formality of asking the owner's per- mission affords the bulk of humour in the book. He is a unique creation. Uncle Remus characters perhaps approaching most nearly, to him. If the book had been written purely about his deeds and misdeeds, his " superior" manners, and his " elegance," it would have been undoubtedly one of the best books of the year. As it is, It takes a very high rank ; but the artistic effect is marred by the introduction of the sexual element in a manner calculated to astonish W. H. Smith and Co. All the characters of the book are negroes or coloured people, and it is therefore not surprising that their manners and customs are primitive. Still, their language and doings might have been a little more refined, without detracting at all from the reality of the picture. In spite of their wickedness, the reader's heart warms to Glasheen Dyle and to his bosom friend, Boaz Bryan. Between them they commit most of the realities of the book, at the same time preserving their place as leaders of fashion and society wits of the negro fraternity of Barbadoes. They are both equally loquacious, and as prolific of excuses as only negroes can be, and their explanations of various comprising situa- tions are truly clever. As a picture of negro character the book could not be improved on, and the one inartistic touch of the wooing of Jezebel Pettyfer is the only thing which prevents the reading being an unmixed pleasure Besides being a faithful drawer of negro character, the author can certainly turn out some splendid descriptive writing, and his pictures of West Indian landscape, and his details of life there in bygone years, are not by any means the least interesting parts of his book. "The Celibates' Club," by I. Zangwill (William Heinemann). In a characteristically humorous introduction, Mr. Zangwill acknowledges that it was inevitable that the Bachelors' Club and the Old Maids' Club should one day be united, and the banns published by>hls publtsher-ln-ordlnary, seeing that they are able to live together more cheaply than apart. Everybody either does or should know Mr. Zangwlll'a work. No other author has quite late style, whether he be humorous or serious and his humour reaches its highest point in " The Celibates Club." In the very conception the book begins Its comedy. What could be more laughable than the foundation of the Bachelors' Club with the fundamental, rules -(1) No married gentleman admitted ; (2) no unmarried lady admitted and of the Old Maid's' Club with reverse regulations, and the resultant defection of their members to the ranks of the matrimonial enemy. And its telling is no less witty. Mr Zang will is an adept at manufacturing epigrams, and in that style first adopted by Dickens, who tells us that " Mrs. D. went home in tears and a sedan chair. Mr. Zangwill mingles the abstract and concrete no less cleverly. " Here we all drew a long breath, and O'Roherty a champagne cork," " We found him calm and his luggage collected" are two examples picked at random from a host of others, but they serve to show how skilfully the. author can play upon words. Mr. Zangwill is decidedly the greatest and best of the exponents of the new humour that mingling of the old farce with the new comedy. Some of the smartest things in the book are the odes and poems written by and addressed to members of both clubs, wherein Mr. Zangwill proves himself a second Calverly. "Through Battle to Promotion," by Walter Wood (James Bowden's story of the campaign of an Indian Frontier ex- peditionary force, told graphically by a man who evidently speaks from experience. The plot is slight, Its nature fully explained by the title of the book, The hero, of course, performs deeds of valour Innumerable the natural conclusion being his colonelcy and "the V.C.," coupled with his marriage to the sister of his dearest friend, who was at the front, as a Red Cross nurse, and whom he had saved from being carried off by the his men. The book has plenty of interest which is not allowed to flag, and one or two of the characters are really well-drawn. " Paul Carah, Cornishmen," by Charles Leo (JaiaKM Bowden). - Paul Carah la a young, conceited, and self-opinionated you dig Cornfcfoman, who, after several years' resi- dence in ittee Skates, returns to his native village of Pbrthvean, helping to make a sensation among its home-keeping Inhabitants. Much to his disappointment, his arrival arouses no enthusiasm, and he settles, down as a fisherman in the village, determined to startle tons one-half associates. He succeeds effectually, but finds few friends, and finally goes back to America, leaving behind one i " who was something more, if he only know," in the person, of Jennifer Rose, the daughter of his landlord. Paul himself, as the unan too selfish to understand anybody's feelings except his own, and Jennifer, the sweet Cornish maid, are two Andy-drawn characters, and the pictures of Cornish life and character are attractive and interesting;. The book is right, and not very deep, but it has a certain charm of diction and humour which leaves the reader refreshed, " Girls Together," by Louise Mack (Angus and Robertson). Louise Mack has followed her " Teens" with his equal, in which the fortunes of Lennie Leighton and Floss, with Mabel, and the rest of the characters, all dear to the heart of lovers of the first book, are carried on until they reach the happy conclusion of engagements and matrimony. A girl's book, certainly, but a story told in a dainty style that makes it attractive to 'all. It is fresh, bright, and cheery, with a whiff of careless, happy still-life blowing from it which is calculated to brace up the Jaded novel reader tired by his last attempt to unravel the latest psychological study in impressionist colours. It is well worth a place on any Australian bookshelf. "The Mysterious Mr. Sabin," by E. Phillips Oppenheim (Ward, Lock, and Co.). -In his latest work, Mr. Oppenheim has given us some of his best. The book is pre-eminently a novel of intrigue. Mr. Sabin, who is of course the central character, is a mysterious figure from the first of whom little is known and less guessed. Interest is aroused from the beginning, and it steadily increased to the last chapter. The author has very cleverly used the European entanglement of the last few years as a setting to his story. According to him, Russia is the one great Power remaining friendly to England ; O r many's kinship is a farce ; France is openly antagonistic. Mr. Sabin, who in reality It a French royalist, plots the restoration of the monarchy, and for that purpose he in- cites the Germans to acts of aggression, which seem inevitably to lead to war. He possesses certain plans and data which would make the conquest of England sure, and his price for these is the declaration of war with France by Germany. Just as terms are about to be agreed upon, a Russian secret society steps in and saves England. The book is a splendid piece of diplomatic work, one might almost say, written by a man who evidently knows his subject. The very slight sketch of the plot given above gives no idea of the completely sustained Interest the book possesses The spirit of mystery is always present, and with it walks Mr. Sabin, quietly plotting and planning a coup d'etat which will make him the foremost man in Europe. The novel is a bold conception, well worked out. Perhaps the first few chapters are unnecessarily numerous in order to arrange the preliminaries always needful before the story itself starts, but all the faults of the book can be forgiven If only for the delicate touch of sentiment with which the book concludes. Mr. Sabin, whose one absorb- ing recreation Is golf, goes to America after the failure of his plans. He has under- taken to deliver a letter to a lady whom he abandoned years ago in favour of his ambition, though, when he promises, he is unaware of her identity. While waiting at the lady's house to deliver the letter he espied the golf links, and is tempted to indulge in a game. Just as he has finished a most satisfactory round, " the place above all others which he had least expected to hear again" speaks softly in his ear, and the curtain is rung down on his forgiveness by the woman he had wronged and on his own late happiness. The Journalist," by C. P. Keary (Methuen and Co.) A man who gets most of his income by reviewing in a humble way for one of the dailies and the rest of It by writing brilliant dialogues and novel can hardly be called a journalist. And Such was- Die!: Vtfux. the hero of Mr. Keary's novels In many respects the work is a remarkably fine one. There are only two central characters In It- Clare Warburton and Dick Vaux. The lady wanting of the joys of maternity, takes a motherly interest" in Vaux, whom she delights to call " nor boy," though he Is past 30. Dick City likewise considers Mrs. Warburton and a sympathetic friend, to whom he can go to pour out his troubles, his work, and his [ aspiration. Out of this perfectly Platonic feeling springs something deeper without either of the two knowing It. Clare Warburton tries to remember her absent husband, Dick Vaux to persuade hlnwrJr that the emotion is purely a strong friendship And then, oh cou roe, the inevitable comes and they both break down and find that Platon ism is a farce, and that " they loved each other all the time, and did not know It." Clare goes out to her husband in India. Dick back to his work. The study of these two is a very fine one-the picture of " the eternal feminine" of Clare contrasted with the psychological analysis (introspective analvFlfl, one is almost tempted to say) of Dick Vaux crest is a novel which is within bounds of being one of the best of the year's books Unfortunately though there is a something about it which keeps it only on the outskirts of that circle. It is perhaps the author's predisposition to air his knowledge as a " dilettante." Of course the whole book, characters, environment, It literary, and, occasionally there are conversations, totally outside the movement of the plot, which occupy whole chapters, the headings of which might well be " Things worth knowing" Apart from that and from the little philosophical paragraphs which act as tags to so many of the chapters, Mr. Keary's book is a success, and deservedly so. By Roaring Loom," by J. M. Mather (James Bowden) -As Mr. Mathers?- introduction opens, " Lancashire awaits her novel- let." Few modern writers have attempted to depict the life and customs of the men and women who are the lower, strata of humanity in that country. Mr?. Frances Hodgson Burnett tried it In " That Lass of Lowrie's," but Mrs. Burnett was an alien, and no one but those who have had and worked in the coal pits and cotton mills can possibly understand the true inwardness of the Lancashire character. Mr. Maher has? evidently done so, and his collection of short stories (the third and last of his series) contains in consequence the best picture of Lancashire Hfe that English litera- ture! can boast of But, with all due deference to Mr. Mather, " the novelist" has not arrived, unless under the disguise of a short-story writer. Mr. Mather has done excellent work in his book, but the sustained effort necessary for a novel has yet to be judged. But the same is not doubtful. Any man who can touch the heart- strings as nearly as the author does In most of his stories should be able to give to his readers a novel that will leave its mark. For the majority of the stories in the volume are pathetic-deep y, grimly pi best: evidence of the dull; grinding weight of toil under which the operatives strove be- fore a more philanthropic generation made their burden lighter. Here and there, as In " The Weaver's Wedding," the cloud lighters, and a gleam of humour breaks through, but the prevailing colours home of the book is a sombre gray. Mr. Mather's one demerit to his intrusion of the personal into the story. " Old Harry," the engine driver, plays the part of the storyteller, but every now and then the "use" of the author bursts through the dialect, and the effect is a jarring one Nevertheless, " By Rearing Lcom" should appeal to all for its pictures of the sort of life led in a manufacturing county In the last generation -a life almost wholly without sunlight or recreation. "A Master of My stories," by L. T. Meade and Robert Eustace (Ward, Lock, and Co > -Anyone picking up a book by these authors (if Mrs Meade will pardon her inclusion in the more numerous category) expects a thrilling tale of the supernatural or pseudo supernatural , nor is this an exception " A Master of Mysteries" is a collection of short stories told in the first person by and Bell, who acknowledges in his introduction that he is well known to his friends as a professional exposer of ghosts, and one who can clear away the mysteries of most haunted houses " Certainly he ac- accomplishes the tasks set him with complete success, but in so doing he goes through experiences which to most people will be sufficient to deter them from following the same profession It is strange that among human beings a grain or two of superstition remains, even in the most broad-minded individuals. None of us are altogether free from the fascination of " ghost stories," which were the delight and terror of our childhood's days. And so the reading of this book is a somewhat mixed pleasure One feels that one should be above the cold shiver that travels down the backbone but the cold shiver Is there all the same Perhaps the most intense (in this light of the stories is " The Warder of the Door," in which an iron door to a room in which is a peculiar shaped coffin persists In closing on anyone who enters the room, the said coffin having been filled ages ago with pieces of magnetic iron ore But in all the stories, until the super- natural is reduced to the natural, or the abnormal to the normal, the reader suffers from a vague unrest The book could not be recommended to a nervous subject, but for an hour's entertaining reading for a leader of moderate strong-mindedness it will serve. Most, if not all, of the six stories have appeared in magazines and periodicals of the past year, where doubtless many have already seen them. " The Rajah's Second Wife," by Headon Hill (Ward. Lock, and Co ) -A most read able tale, illustrating a phase, of Zenana life hitherto unexplored A very attractive English girl marries an Indian prince in England, being unaware of her husband's rank She becomes undeceived on the voyage to India, and discovers that Instead of being elevated she is lowered in the eyes of her compatriots A former admirer Is appointed as missionary to the town where her husband lives, and he renews her acquaintance A treacherous Dewar strives to alienate top prince's affections from his wife, and also to prevent his becoming proselytise by the missionary. In the end virtue Is triumphant and vice utterly discomfited The story runs smoothly, and, while full of incident, the reader's credulity is not unduly taxed. The book is well bound, and nicely illustrated t The new novel by Mr. Hallewell Sutcliffe, to be published by Mr. T. Fisher Unwin, is entitled " Rieroft of Withers," and is a romance of 1745-46. The writer ventures an explanation of the movements of Prince Charlie at the critical time when he is said to have left his army in their retreat Mr Sutcliffe takes him to Kendal by way of Haworth, In accordance with a legend " A pleasing smoke-. American Eagle.' " -(AdTt) - "J 