Emancipated. GEORGE WILMOTT'S CHRISTMAS BOX. (BY Jos&i;'ii KEM.Y.) ONE of our oldest Australian town* is Bur rima, or Boorooma-a kangaroo ground -in tho Uragoreo dialect; for when first ex plored and discovered by Hamilton and John Humo and Dr. Throsby, the river valloy iu whioli the town is built was a favorite haunt of the agile and bounding marsupial. My recollections of this com paratively ancient hamlet hio back to the early "thirties"-threescore and odd years ago. Then it was but a in^ro strag gling village, consisting of a few scattered bark huts, with here and there still fewer more pretentious structures-the domiciles of acute vendo s of motley wares, fast waxing wealthy with tho accumulation of the period's quaint currency-the dump and I noloy dollar-rudo mutilations of Spain's pillar-crested coinagc. The tortuous Win gegaribee winds sluegishly through the centre of the town 2 its clear waters ever hurrying onwards to mingle with those of the Wolloudilly, ere it glides slowly through Burrogorang's sunken valley. In olden times on the river's southern bank stood the Government Stockadc-tho headquarters of the convict chain-gang-dubbed " road |)arty" by the early colonists. The Stockadc consisted of numerous moveable huts, built ou massive wooden wheels, and were at times propelled by deep chestcd oxeu, wht-n to other sites the chain-gang got the rout. Twice a day morning and evening-in gruesome pro cession, with clanking fetters and " magpie" tinted garb, marched the sullen convict files through the village wending their weary way to and from the sccne of their arduous labors. Close and unremitting surveillance required tlioso shackled desperadoes by their numerous guards-freed-convict overseers, supplemented by a strong military guard, armed with muskets ana fixed bayonets to overawe the trucelcnt bondsmen. The early annals of this quaint old township are weird and lawless in the extreme, j Then, the highways were seldom unknown of murderous bushrangers, and, at intervals, Donohue, Jacky Jacky, Curran, Hollo way (whose pills were leaden slugs) and Jack Whitton, the slayer of burly John Hume, had made their lairs in thedenscmountain-ashscrubsborder ing the settlement, or were fellow lodgers with the red warrigal in the rocky caverns of wild and rugged Mandemar. Yes, these were lawless days, my masters; and ruffianism was rife in the land. Woe betide the travelling station overseer, or squatter, bearing a reputation for being too free with the use of the dread " cat-o-nine tails," when by dire mishap they chanced to meet those 44out-and-outers" of the old time convict regime. A short shift and a swift bullet was their certain doom at the hands of their ruthless assailants Were ghosts an Australian institution, then most assuredly, from Bargo River to Goulburn would be a veritable Spookland ; for every league of that lengthy track reeks with legends of blood and rapine. Not all of those old time convicts, though, were wholly evil. Many of thorn had been transported for trivial offences. So trivial in fact that, in our day, such crimes would be considered amply condoned by the in fliction of a months imprisonment. Such an one was George Wilniott, a stalwart young Yorkshireman, who had been tran sported to New South Wales about the commencement of the " forties." In 184*2 he received a tickcfc-of-leavc, and came to reside at Berrima A ticket-of-leave man's residence was then restricted to a specified district. He was not allowed *0 enter au adjoining district unless in pos session of a magisterial " pass." George had not long resitled at Berrima until he had turned tho csttem and goodwill of the whole community-rich anil poor alike by his really straightforward good conduct. He was a hue handsome sturdy type of a young Englishman, and evidently had been well reared and fairly educated. So great was the esteem in which he was held that the more influential residents had made strenuous but unavailing efforts to procure his "emancipation" from the Government of tho day. But, ere long, a lucky chance achieved for him that which the efforts of bin many free friends had tailed to secure. It happened in this wise. At that time Captain A an old Waterloo hero, was Police Magistrate at Berrima. On long summer oveniugs, after his magisterial duties were ended, he, accompanied by one or more cf his daughters, was accustomed to take long bush strolls down tho banks of the Wingegarribee. One evening in the summer of 1844, the old Captain and his eldest daugter started down tho river bank on one of their wonted strolls. On and 011 thoy rambled, but, unfortu nately, in their quest of woodland specimens they thoughtlessly wandered scrubward from the river bank; and as night ap proached, to their great dismay, they realised that they were hopelessly bushed. Night fell, and their relatives, alarmed at their continued absence, notified tho villag ers, aud soon the adult population, aye, and many a sturdy youngster, too, were afoot iu search of the lost ones. All through the summer night the ridges and gullies towards rugged Mandemar were vocal with the riuging " cooees" of the searchers. Morning dawned and still no signs of the lost pair. Matters were beginning to assume a gloomy aspect; especially in the case of the aged and infirm captaiu. For a long time past his health had been very frail. Old wounds, where French bullets and sabres had bitten deep, were fast under miuing his health, and it was feared that a nigut's exposure in the bush would prove fatal to the infirm old veteran. Of tho many searchers, two of tho keenest and most capable were George Wilmott and old John Judkins-both splendid bush men. During the hours of darkness those two kept together, but soon after sunrise they agreed to part company and search in different directions, arranging to meet later on at the base of tho Hurdle Range. Thoy had scarcely left each other when Judkins, upon reaching the brow of rocky ridge over looking a deep boulder-strewn gully, walled in with precipices,, beheld to his in tense joy the two lost ones seated by a pool at the bottom of tho abyss. Ho was on tho point of cooeeing so as to make his presence known to tho bushed ones, when the happy thought occurred to him that it would uc greatly to the advantage of Wil mott to have the credit of finding them. Acting upon this thought I10 hurried after 1 George, and, luckily, soon overtook him. Tho entrance to the gully was reached, and before many minutes had elapsed lvil mott was standing before the delighted father and daughter. Quickly, a pre-ar ranged cooce brought Grandfather Judkins on the scene, aud Wilmott was despatched to summon assistance to convey tho lost to their homes. Before long, numerous willing hands were on the spot and a rude litter was soon improvised to carry tho captain-too weak to walk-to where a vehicle was in readiness to convey the 1 newly found ones to Berrima. The journey homo was a veritable triumphant march ; tho forest resounding with tlio shouts aud cheers of the jubilant townsfolk. So, hap pily, ended this episode of the early colonial days. Ended so far as tho rescno of the two bushed ones wero concerned. But Grandfather Judkin's "pious fraud" (long kept as a profound secret) soon brought forth good fruit. Captain A -? was not ono to prove ungrateful. Being a per sonal friend of tho Governor, Sir Gcorgo Gipps, he soon provailed upon that some what crotchetty viceroy to grant Wilniott a conditional pardon. Free pardons wero abolished after "Bill" Nash, a wealthy returned convict, had tho audacity to dis play his wealth and his ignorance in Hyde rark under tho gaze of no less a personage than Her Most Gracious Majesty. Christ mas, 1814, was over after a memorable and auspicious date to look back upon by George Wilmott, Oil that day, by invitation, of the A family, ho dined with the cap tain's servants. Shortly after dintior George and tho servants wero called into tho parlor and each in turn was presented with a Christmas gift by tho young ladies of tho family. Tho customary thanks wero re turned by tho pleased recipients, who were about to retire, when the old captain roso aud requested them to remain while he presented " hia Christmas box to Gcorgo Wilmott in acknowledgement of his in debtedness to him. With theso words ho hauded Gcorgo a parchment document, which, on bojug oponod, proved, to Wil* moil's unutterable) delight, to bo a certifi cate of his Emancipation. The captain's Christmas box was not the last by many of the tokens of gratitude extended to Wilmolt by the family." By their help ho soon pro cured a comfortable home, una was enabled thereby to realise another long choi'ishcd desire-to wed buxom Bessie BloomfieUl, 1 who had followed her convict lover to 11 Botany Buy "and had awaited patiently the coming of "George VVilmott's Chribt inus Box." * 