The Purser's Nerve. It was a cosy room, with antique hangings* and furniture, and walls hung with handsome works of art which could be only indistinctly seen by the light of the flickering fire on tho hearth. The little party agreed with the beautiful hosteBB that the room was iust dark enough for a ghost story. ' I don't know a ghost story,' said one of the men, ' but tho dramatic rescue of the Veendam's passenger* by tho St. Louis reminds mo of my experience on board the old Gallia, when she was caught in a hurricane in midwinter about seven hundred miles from Queenstown, The waveB broke in our decks and flooded the cabins, and nobody thought for a little while that anyone on board tho vessel would ever see land again. There was no panic, no shouting, no weeping, and it, seemed that all were perfectly prepared to go, though they looked far from happy floundering about in tho water dressed in such garments as thoy could grasp when they were aroused from their sleep by tho crash which sent tons of water into tho ship. It was about seven o'clock in the morning, the stewards had begun to set the table for break fast, and, as I recall tho picture, I can see men and women, most of them with heavy wraps over their nightdresses, standing o'u tho table and dancing a forced minuet between the guard rails and tho dishes. 'At ono ond of the cabin, while others wero silently praying, stood a young follow with nothing on but a suit of blue and white pyjamas, holding a snap camera in front of liirn. ( If you folks '11 hold still a minute.1 he said, ' we'll have a picture of this if wo uvui gun uuu ui iii, uuu iur a uiumuuu jjuupio forgot the terrible situation, and I' have always believed that ono of tho women adjusted hor water-soaked gown so that sho might look well in the picturo taken undor tho shadow of the destroying angel. ' Well, we got through it all right, although we came to Liverpool in a sadly battered condition, and when thoy hoisted tho trunks : Vnm flio lmlfi filft ivnfov -non mif. rtf flinm na though each piece were a sieve. Wo had service on board the ship the Sunday follow ing our disaster, nnd although two days had passed since we thought wo were gone, we seomed to approoiate fully what had happened. Men and women who had shown sign of fear now moped in corners with trembling lips, unable to spe'ak because of tho lump in their throats, and the service of Bong was a flat failure, because no one could sing any more than the young woman at tho organ could get a note out fchnt water-soaked dripping piece of furniture. ' Wo reached Liverpool too late at night ? ? to leave tho ship, and tho men, who had be come hotter acquainted than thoy would havo been on a loss tempestuous voyage, gathered in tho saloon, and for the hundredth time UXUUUU^L'U UUIJ£ri'UbU.LUblUUB. ' ' This was nothing,' said our pursor, ' to tho experience I once had — and not so long ago. To go down with all hands j must bo hard enough, but to bo the only ,ono of a whole shipful to go, and to see all the rest, saved — that's pretty hard, That camo near' boing my case, and I don't want another similar oxporionco. ''I was an officer on tho Ohio whon sho knockod a holo in her bottom, and I, helped tranBfor the passongors and save what WO' could. Whon all had boon sent .to the ship^ which camo to our reliof wo mi?do ready for tho last boatload, of whioh I wns to be ono. Wo had a lot of money and valuables in tho. ship's safe, and I wont bolow, took a tablo cloth from the cabin table and' into this UUUljJUU UI1U UUJ1LU111JB Ul W1U VU11UU&. compartments of tho safo. . I made a bag of it, carried it on deck, and whon I camo to whero tho boat Bhould havo been I found that it had gone, and I,, with tho trousure, was left in tho rapidly sink ing ship. I can think of any number of' situations which I would havo preferred to mine just thon. Tho wind boing against mo' I could not make mj sol f hoard, i put up signals and no ono would ever guess what I did thon. I wantod to keep my wits about mo and block all ohancos for norvousnoss, bo I did what roquires a man's full nttontiou — began to ehavo j and I doubt whothor I ovor did a cleaner or a bettor job. 'By tho timo I had finishod my companions must have missed me, for I could see thoia returning, and when they enmo alongside thoro wero not many inches to stop down from tho sinking big boat to tho . littlo thing that took us away, I toll you this story to show how uocossary it is to havo norvo on board ship. , ' And did ho toll it for a truo story ? ' askod tho hostess. ' Ho s\\\voro to ovory detail.' '' ' Thon ho did have norvo.' 