I THE " WBST3BSTÏ MÁttt." SPECIAL ,OHÈISrMAS NUMBEE. . The special Christmas number .of the WESTERN MAIL is Ticing issued to-day. it surpasses anything of the kind pre- viously issued in the colony, containing no fewer than 104 pages; all illustrated. As with last year's spacial Christinas number, it has not been found practicable to issue it to subscribers, who will, therefore, have to secure it in the usual way through our agents or direct from the head office. THE LETTERFREES! The contents of this number are suffi- ciently varied to appeal to all tastes. Among the fiction three prise stories in the WES- TERN MAH. Christmas story competition are prominent, being given the place of honour on the opening pages, after the seasonable greeting to our readers at the very start. Well on towards a hundred stories were sent in. They were noticeably ahead of contributions received last year. The judges awarded the prizes thus:- ' "Connolly's -^Bonanza Bush," by George . Hope, first prize {£&). "The Prodigal^ by N. V. Philpott, 6e«md prize .(£3).^. "The Capture of Ji§»y," by Julian Mitchell, tMrdjWzB' (£i). "The Mystery oft* Man's Spirit,"-by James H. Gdel!, and "The. Martyrdom of Manton," by Marcus Clarke, junior, were very highly commended. Boom in this isBue could only be found for the prize stories. Others will be published in> our ordinary weekly issue. In this issue there are several other tales by Aus- tralian authors, notably "The Ghost of Brigalow Bend," by "Wanderer," a norn de plume that] will be recognised by many; " Hearts and Spades," by Jeannette St. Clair, another familiar name; and "Skele- ton Gully," by Arthur Watts. "A Christmas Eve Conspiracy," by Lilian Quiller Couch ; "A Matter of Millions," by William Le Queux; and "The Ghost's Touch," by Fergus Hume, will also attract attention. The children have not been forgotten, and bave a whole section te themselves contain- ing a special letter from "Aunt Mary," the prize stories in their competition, "{Exit, Bogie," by Mrs. Bafewon, and a page ful jof games. But solider matter also appears.. The article'on "The Progress of Western Australia from 1835 to 1898" shows all through the hand of an expert, and gives inforniation as to the develop- ment'of the colony that is usually left to Bluebooke. "A Story of South Perth Mill" is equally effective, although in .a different strain. The chief industries of the colony are dealt with in more detail in subsequent pages. Nb fewer than 27 pages are given to a detailed account of the gold- mining industry on each field, with a less copious reference to the subordinate mining of coal, copper, tin, and diamonds. There is an account of- the timber in- dustry, followed by an interesting article on " The Botany of Australia," by Dr. Morrison, botanist of the Department of Agriculture. Ail the industries relating to the utilisation of the Boil come on for consideration. Space is also devoted to sporting. The historical aspect touched on in " The Progress of Western Aus- tralia" and "A Story of South Perth Mill" becomes more prominent in "Australia's First Englishman," where the' story of Dampier's voyages to this continent is given in his own words and even in the spelling of his times. Even a sermon is j not omitted, " The Old-fashioned Virtue of ] Kindness," by " Ian Maclaren," appearing. j THE ILLUSTRATIONS. ' While the letterpress is so comprehen-" sive, the illustrations are scarcely less so. Winning photographs in the WEBTEEN MAIL Christmas photographic competition are given, as well as many others sent in. The prizetakers were : Single view, taken in Western Australia (£3), Mr. E. T. Hamersley. Study of Beauty (£2), Messrs. Shaw "Brothers. Second prize, Study of Beauty (10s.), Mr. Adair. Best Study of Animal Life (Xl), Messrs. Shaw Brothers. Best series of photographs illustrative of life in Western Australia (Jß5), Mr. C. Walker and Mr. W. Short divide; .There are photographs of the Governor, his deputy, and the Ministry of the colony, while on subsequent pages come the mayor and 1897-8 councillors of JPerth and views of the city, Fremantle council and views, photographic studies by Messrs. Greenham and Evans, maps and old wood-cuts of Dampiers voyages, mining. diagrams, tables and photographs of life on the fields and the municipalities -there, a page of leading sharebrokera and another of leading commercial men of the colony, while a whole page is given to the Perth Park and its committee. THE DESIGNS. Amongst the numerous attractions offered in this special Christmas number will be found three pictorial designB which are somewhat unique in their character. 'They aro from the brush of Mr. J. W. E. linton, a gentleman who some time back arrived in this colony, and whose artistic . wprjk h^. been g&afjy; adaúrsd, The arin-' cipal design will be found on the first page. The artist has hit upon a happy theme, and thrown into its development many pleasing fancies and ? appropriate details. The basis of the picture is the prophecy that the futura of the colony will be One of brightness and success. Perth is depicted as seen from the Mount, and the Town Hall and other public build- ings can be discerned. In the background ave the Darling Bange, over which ap- pears the rising sun. Characteristic Western Australian plants are scattered at the foot of the design, and spaces are filled with botanic specimens, the idea being to make the work as representative as possible of the colony and her resources. The artist's prophesy is conveyed by the central figure, that of " Prosperity," who is taking riches from a casket and shower- ing thom upon the city and ctlony. There is a further demonstration of belief in the progress of the colony at the foot of the picture, where a cornucopia is pouring forth a tempting mass, of fruits of variouB kinds. In elaboration of his idea of locali- sation, the artist has given on the right side of the design a representation of the well-known "kangaroo's paw," a wild flower that is in great favour amongst florists in the months when our indigenous flora are in their glory, and the soil is covered with gorgeous blooms. The freize work at the head will be regarded as a fittingaddition to thstheme.beiner composed of swans. The children's page will be j more interesting to tho young folks by reason of Mr. Linton's appropriate design. It is purely Christmas in character, and the treatment is just what the children viii appreciate. Father Christmas is seen coming over snowy hills in a sledge drawn hy «reindeer, to bring gladness to the expectant hearts of the children, and presents innumerable. Some of these pre- sents are Bhown, but there are many others in the vehicle in which the good old gentleman is driving. There is ^sugges- tion of a good time in the plum pudding, and other edibles, and in the thirst quenching liquors, and the clown looks brightly from his vantage point and begs to wiBh onrN young people an enjoyable Christmas: He only hopes that a glimpse bf "his funny features will, bring a smile to the healthy, sun- burnt cheeks of the little ones ; and perhaps he may, too, bring re- collections back to the children of larger growth who felt^ in years gone .hy, that it was "meat and drink to see a clown." There is the Christmas dinner, children, and the artist must surely have .some love for you all, for has he not, in the smoke that arises from the tempting pudding, framed the Christmas wish* that ie spoken and sung in all homes during this festive season? The third design is devoted to sporting, and includes yachting, just now in full swing, cycling, cricket, hunting, boxing, football, tennis, and" bowls, the latter historical game being appropriately inserted, as the pastime is growing in popularity in this colony. 