John Roche Ardill. HIS REMINISCENES. ' SOME FACTS ABOtJT EARLY DAYS. A CONTEMPORARY'S OPINION. Mr. Editor, — In your isBue of December, 18 last, you publish an article devoted to myself, ia which, I think, you have doneaa injustice to 'poor John,' aa you call him. Ab a more faithful biographer I take, with yoar permission, leave. to correct you. Truly John, as you say, had ' an eventful life,' but not in the terms applied by you, for he never was in tbe uovernment employ, nor did be | | j; ever reoeive a sixpence from the Department ;-l of Lands, though rendering to them'the moat -?!! singular of services, for I was too outspoken, and exposed many errors in my letters on ' The Dulocracy of New South Wales,' pub I . lished in tbe Western Independent, a paper issued at Bathurst by A. B. Rea, extending t over a number of years, but now !-'- Since the ghculs need dread no mora his lashes, f.-: Methinka that they might forgive his ashes. % r ? I joined the first regiment of volunteers in Ti, ' 1854, when the 'Rushins' were coming, and /was one of the guard of honor when the Governor opened the railway to Parramatta. I three times represented the Western Dis tricts Free Selectors Association in Confer J.V ence in Sydney, and. succeeded in getting a f ? good Land Act, but it was never .adminis \- tered. I formed, in 1870, the Working Men's . Political . Association, which hud 'r ' branches in Parkes, Molong, Cudal, Eugowra, \ and other towns. I had a law suit in Sydney in 1872, when I swore that the present Chief I? ' J ustice (then Mr. Darley) could not read tbe D description and to the consternation of the whole court proved my assertion, which won p my case and caused the dismissal of some big iV- bugs in the Survey Department. Mr. Darley could nob define the difference be ll/ tween 'them' and 'and,' bo he bad to ; admit it, and by my pardon the . Judge | . (Cheeke) declared on bis honor that he did not see it. I got £650 costs, out of which I sx was fleeced by the lawyers. But my - great offence to the department £ commenoed aa far back as 1.857. or 1858, ^ t when I surveyed the Geimcombene -Swamp, near Braidwood, thou claimed by Clarke p Irvine, who was charging £2 a month to g every man mining on the, property, inqludiog ?r Chinamen. It being a surface diggings I surveyed it, though offered one year's rent (£10,000) nob to do so. I was then proceeded ^ - against for conspiring to rob and defraud one !'( : Clarke Irvine of the sum of £10,000 a year, p-' and on being summoned to Braidwood Police ;p Court 800 diggers, with a contingent of 50,0 \pK Chinamen, accompanied me with bands and !?;. ? banner. I was comuiitted to take my trial at Darlinghurst, bail -being allowed. Four £.- barristers were engaged to assist the £*,.? Attorney-General to prosecute me, the late ? Hon. Robert Johnson and Want, father to jjjp the present Attorney-General, being attorneys . I for Clarke Irvine. Dr. Morins;, of Bell Paddock, near Braidwood,- agent for Clarke y, Irvine, was tbe principal witness, but the |- nifjht before the trial, when dining with | - Robert Johnson, at Youchelouse, a chicken bone stuck in bis throat and choked him. a ; The next day I was let out on my own recognizances to appear to take my trial 'k when called upon. Many surveyors came on p ? - ? the Swamp afterwards, Isiah Roland, who py.:' married Mary Anne Walker of the IriBh fry . Corner, among- the number, but not one peg ' of mine could they shift. In vain did Clarke Irvine appeal to the Privy Council on tbe plea of riparian rights. The diggers are to thia day digging ou the Swamp, and Clarke ? Irvine has never received a penny compen ^ ,sation. I I got into another great disgrace by snr veyingThe Shades, near Molong, in 1865. In fact bad I kissed a maid or hud the mis 3; fortune to go and get drunk, I could not p(!' h»ve been more abuBed than I was by the Ir-;-, then Surveyor-General (P. F. Adams) on his pi '. ever memorable visit to Molong, but my sur fc:-\ vey again stood the teBt of ages, and with tbe exception of John Robards (whose land p Claude Smith now occupies as Nandillion f Heights) every individual was kept on bis i, land, yet I waa never paid for the work. I made several other surveys about Molong and Orange, 'pot one of which could be dis |t;- puted. Surveyors may come and go bub ^not one peg of mine could be shifted. !te I saw 'the light,' and acted for three px- years as secretary to the Lodge of Australia if? (Goulburn), mostly under the mastership, of v. the Rev. William Ross, and waa instrumen ts tal in forming 'the- Lodge of Truth (Braid mP: wood)^ which I jpaater.ed for- ' twelve months. ; I also held a dispensation under the Irish Iffe v,/ ? Constitution to open the Rock Lodge (Mo- i Ip. ; long), 'but could not at the time get a;Buit able room. I also belonged for years to the Manchester Unity of OddfellowB, Goulburn, and waa honorary membei of that institution in Molong. I made three attempts to form a home, but was foiled in each. FirBt I applied . for a vacant squattage near Condobolin, on the Lachlan River, and although offered £3,000, for my chance got done out of it, and the principle party against uie, the night after the day of trial in Bathurst, was burned to death in his bed- room, and the Commissioner for Crown Lands died a most violent deatli — never Beeing his home — in the city of the plains a few days after. The other actor in the drama is now crawling about Orange despised by all men. ' How inscrutable are Thy ways, O Lord.' My next attempt at a home waa for a little piece of land I called ' Tipperary Brewery.' I was, however, sworn out of this, and got two months in Bathurst Gaol. But are my oppressors now any better — one is begging his bread, and tbe other is leading a precarious life. My next attempt- at home-making was for 40 acres on Livingstone Hill Creek, but I was again done out of this by the most vile perjurer, Who is now in the Lunatic Asylum. As a politician, I admit I waB a failure, yet I never opposed tbe late Hon, John Smith, but I did the Hon. Andrew Taylor Kerr, for Orange, and had the show of hands, and no doubt would have got in only for the tactics of the thea returning officer, who afterwards did three years in Mudgee Gaol. My great hobby was the division of runs. I was the first to propose it but it took sixteen years to accomplish it. I also wanted a Government Bank of Issue and Deposit, which I.advocated almost with my dying breath, but, alas ! I left my work unfinished. Still it is to be hoped some more fortunate man will resuscitate it. 1 advocated giving paper money at 2| per cent, and giving every man that wished to form a home £100 and from one to ten aores of bind, giving to the selec tor L2 an acre on his holding, the total sum in no case to exceed L1280. I also had an idea of abolishing the excise duty, and jet every man make the most he could out of his produce, and ab the same time giving the people wholesome and cheap grog.' Bufc is it not wonderful how everyone will have a fling at a poor man when he is down — 'Easy to pass a dead man's door when his dog is not at home.' Ye that are absent stay not long away, For I have known the absent wronged four times a day. Even the Forbes Times, though far from the truth, must have a handful of dirt to throw on departed merit. There's a lust in man no charm can tame, Of loudly pablishing-his neighbour's shame ; On eagle wings immortal Blunder Hies, While virtuous actions are but born to die. I remain, Mr. Editor, yours truly, tho ghost of JOHN ROCHE ARDILL, ls. January 3, 1898. We never knew Mr. Ardill, but we have been familiar with hia writings on laud mat ters for many years — -since we were on tho Muri umbidgee, we believe.' We never con sidered bis writings of much value to those who wished for guidance and instruction on the questions be wrote about. He was in our opinion a narrow-minded grievance monger, with not sufficient originality or independent thought to dig down for himself to the bedrock on which rest the eternal and unchangeable principles of right and justice. He was narrow, fearlesB, and honest, and tested humanity, not by the immutable standard of natural law, but by human laws, often largely the product of ignorance, preju dice and selfishness. He deserved a better fate however, than that which has overtaken him in his old age (he is now 70). He was found on the roadside near Molong not long since suffering from partial paralysis and was taken to the hospital, When he left there, he gave himself up to the Orange police, saying be had no meanB, and was awaiting transmission to an asylum. What an utterly miserable ending for a surveyor once in a good position. — Bligh Watchman. 