Perils Eneoimteped by Divers ©IVERS who have been down in foreign seas tell of exciting en counters with sharks. But it appears that _ __ 'the demon of the [% sea,' with all its vo raeity, is a little timid in presence of Ibe strange creature that wears a shining hel met, with the eyes of 9 frnrenn nnrl a Innnr plume of hissing air-bubbles. A diver Who spent some years at the. . Australian pearl fisheries describes in this way his first encounter with a shark: — 'I felt instinctively,' he says, 'a strange presence before I saw anything. The small fisu usually found in great numbers among the coral3 had entirely disappeared, and the absence of these flitting little companions, when one has become ''accustomed to them, produces the effect of intense stiilness. A creepy, Indefinable sensation of dread took hold of me, and it became one of downright terror when I turned and saw, within ten feet of me, the bulk of an immense shark. The .creature lay . almost motionless; half- hidden among a mass of cobweb corallines. My first thought was to be pulled up; but as fish have hu man nature enough to want a thing as soon as they see it is being taken away from them, I re jected the idea. A sweep of its. tail, and the great fish and I were f.ace to face. . Holding my breath, I stood perfectly still, my heart beating wildly, and my eyes riveted on the wicked eyes and cavernous mouth of the shark. I felt that the monster was inspecting me with some cariosity, and after a few moments I became aware that by an almost imper ceptible motion of its flexible tail it was graduailp approaching me. Nearer and nearer came the le viathan, the shovel-shaped nose pointing directly to my. face-glass. - Flesh and blood could stand it no longer, and with a yell I .threw Up my arms. Instantly there was a swirl of water, a cloud of mud, and iny enemy vanished.'.' Another shark story, tfils time from the West Indies. ? 'A large steamer,' the diver relates, had struck on a reef, and then slipped off Into deep waiter, taking down with her the mails and a valu able cargo. There were some papers that were particularly wanted, and I was in the chart-rooin under the bridge working for them, when suddenly, ate I turned, I saw the wicked snout of a big shark close to me. It was a nice fix to be pinned lip in the corner of a little etjuare room with a big brute between me and the door. I went creepy all ovefs I can tell you. But I kept still; and so did he, ex cept that he worked a fin lazily, like a StSfew steamer holding on against a tide, f got the knife in my belt loose, and waited. The shark evidently did not know whait to make of me, and gradually drifted over to the other side of the room. I be gan then to move towards the door, and had al most reached it, When the shark made a sudden 1 rush in the same, direetion-^-afld disappeared. Which of us got the bigger fright I don't know.' But encounters with sharks don't always end bo. Some years ago an English diver, who was at wofk on a sunken wreck off the island of Diego Garcia, i had a visit from the same shark every Sa? for a j week. At first he had no trouble in scaring It | away. It was enough if he gave a turn to the ! escape valve in bis helmet and let out a little air* I But at the end of a week it ..had become very trou* ': blesome. The diver signalled for a knife and a ; looped rope, and then boldly -held out his bare hand ' as a bait to the shark* The menster came on With i -a rush, and was turning on its back when it was Stabbed by the diver,, who then passed the loop* round its body and sent it up to the surface. A cool head should certainly be included in the equip ment of a man Who seeks to earn his bread in the j sea. The story is told of a diver who saw two j ghosts 'full fathom five' under the surface. He Had gone down to the Wreck of a large steamer^ and was crossing the main saloon when two grey shapes of enormous size came Shambling towards ' Him. He did not wait to make notes for the PsycHU j cal Society, but gave the danger signal, and was at once pulled up. Told in the*h6efful light of day i It seemed a rather lame story; and another dive? - went down to see What he Could make of it. TO' wards him also came the shambling grey shapes, He ettsea irresolute for a nwwneat, end then, golhe boldly forward, struck his hatchet through^ mirror! The ghosts were eniy a dim reflection et his own legs, mU6h enlarged, of Bourse, b& every' thing is that a diver sees through the great frontal eye of his helmet. . 