THE GHOSTS OF WOPDSTOCK Ono of the best stories of a hauntcd house ti that which is related of the Royal Palace at Woodstock in the year 1040, when the commissoioeor sent frotn London by the long Parliament to takeo posscseion of it and efaceu'll, the iemblems of Royalty about it, were fairly driven out by their four of the devil, and the annoynees they suffered from a rogoish cauanlier,who played the imp to admiration. The conuniesionre, dreading at that time no devil, arrived at Woodstock on the 13tll of October, 1010. 1 They took up their lodgings inl the late King's apartments, turned te!o beautifol bedrooms and w'ithdrawilg tooms into kitchens and eIculloric ; the council.hall into a brow-house, and made the deitutn room a place to keep firewood in. They pulled down all the inliguin of Royul Slite, anid treated with the utmost indignity ovelything that reculled to their memory the name of the King. One Oldes Sharp accompanie d them in tile capacity of clerk, and seconded their efforts apparently with the greatest zeal. lie aided thont to uproot a noble old tree, mIerely because it was called the King's oak, and tossed the frug meats into the dlingi-rooomto make cheor. ful fires for the commissioners. During the first two days they hourd soime strange noises about tleo houso, but they paid no great attentio.. to thul. On the third, honvoel; they - began to bsapooe they had got Into bad company ; for they heard, as they thought, a supernatural dog under their bed, which snawed their bedelothes. On the next lday the chairs and tables began to dance, apparently of their own no. cord. On tile fifth day something came Into the bed-chlmber and walked up and down, and fotchingi the warming-pan out of the withdrawing.room made so much noise with it that they thought live church bells I were ringingin their core. On the sixth day the plates and dishes were thrown up andtl down the dining room. On the seventhl day they penetrated into the bedroom inu company with several logs of wood, and usurpled the soft pillows intended for the commiseioners. On the eight and ninth nights there was a ceoattiol of hostilitiee, but on tile tenth the bricks in tile chitnoys became locomotive, and rpttled and danced about tle fluore and round the heads of tl;e commissioners tll tile night long. On the eloventh the demon ran away with their breoehes, and on the twelfth filled their beds so full of puewiter. platters that they could not get into them. On the thirteentht night tit glnes becameut unaccountably seized with a fit of cracking, and fell into shivers in all parts of the house. OOn tile fourteenth there was a noioe as if forty pieces of artil. lery ihad been fired off and a shower ol pebbloe.tones, wiclh so alarmed the comt. mliselloners tat, "struck with great Iorror, hoey cried out to one another for help." They first of all tried the eficacy of prayeru to drive away tile evil spirite, but, thoee pIroving unavailing, they began seriously to reflect whether it would not be muach better to leave the placeo altogether to to the devil that inhabited it. They ultimately 'resolved, however, to try it a little longer, and having craved forgiveness of all their sine betoak theomelves to bed. That night they slept ine tolerable comfort, but it wea merely at trick of their tormentor to lull them into false security. When on the sue. ceeding night they Ieord tp noiees they began to flutter thoemselves that the devil was driven out, and prepared accordingly to take up their quarters for the whole winter in the palace. Theuo eymptoms on their part becemo the signal for renewed uproar among the fionds. On t i le t of November they Ieard something walking with a slow and solemn pace up and tdown the with. drawing-room, and immediately afterwards a shower of stones, bricks, mortar, and broken glass poelted about their care. On the 2nd the steps wore again leard in the withdrawinaroom, nounding to their fancy very much like the treading of an enormous boar, which continued for about a quarter of all hour. This noise having ceased, a largo warmitng.pan was thrown violently uplm the table, followed by a number of stones and the jawbone of a horse. Some of the boltest walked vullantly into the withdrawing-ruoom armed with swords and pistols, but could diecovernothing. They were afraid that night to go to sleep, aend sat up making fires in every room, and burning candles and lamps in great abun. danee, thinking tlha as the fiends loved darkness they ejould not disturb a company surrounded with so much light. They were decelved, however, buckets of water came down the" chimneys and extinguished the fires, and'the candles were blown out, they know notthow. Some of the servanlta, who had beeaken themselves to .bod, were drenobod with putrid ditch water as they lay, and arose in great fright, muttering incoherent lrayers, and exposing to the wondering eyes of the commissioners their linen all deipping with green moisture, and their knuckles ted with the blows they hand at tino snme timeno received from some in. visible tormentors. While they were still speaking there was a noisoe like the loudest thunder or the firing of a wholo park of artillery, upon which they all fell down upon their kntee) and implored the proteo. 6lon of th6 Almigty, . . One of'the eoeicmlsleoners then arose, the others still kneeling, and asked In a oeura. geous voice and in the nsto of God who was there, and what they had done that they should be troubled in that manner. No answer was returned, andt the nolses ceased for nwhilo. Atl lenghl, Ihowever, as thie commissionors said, " the devil cntoc agait, cand brought witlh it seven devils worse tican itself." Iielng eagtin In dark. teos, they lighltecd aandlo anld pcinedlt it ln tile doorway that it milgt throcw a Iliglt upon the two ohamllnone nt oele, but It was sudcdenly blown out, ntl oelo commlnissloner sald thalt Ihe had seoot thie elniltnde of a horse's hoe strlleil the leundien nal cani l e. stlck into the tmhcilo 'of the lchamber, audl olterwarlls nmaeklncg tchro ecaeii)cr on the stleil to puit it olt:" Uipon thit Iie escame poIrsao wInce so leoIl tes to idraw his twot't I but hIe as?ccLd iosiltlvely tIhat he ihnd hairllly witchdrawn, it from thie sCIeiiItird bleorer n cclleiciclo hiclnd cieiclt h,,h ccl 1It cnni ttglged with imIn for it. ,nci, ie oal|. icgl, str'cr'e hictn ccc vlhcenit a hihw w'ith the I loint 'l he 1I t tel s itt ite icllcincti. l. IlThou cll o Ii iidc , tIhlIy alll 111cl lie I 111, , lh ccl cc'. c i', Icy hll) , ? ll co I' ,)ie y i iiai' l h' Illghi ll lgInY qlI st1n1 Hepi ril I l Ithr , TIll y ti , ite' , to1 illin' i. magr' t h * i t c ,IIIc ; i i ieh e h ilII , il c 111 ' ctlv e ti l uI h lli i1Ii., ci cyitse I 'ii cl al i 'h i H nIIdicy, tlh y skii rl Il ,al !. i ,on , ihe I h ,, hc i,,lattdy ccciil r ci ttrl l to Ic cllth , Ily 'l'llehiiy cIIIccU'clhcg oierly cil Ihcolt lic ltIdIcI) t ? i wc'ite UOIttii vlt,) tii acetic, h+kg?t+;"?e.'it'"? .+ vcting Woodstock and nil its inhalbinntq to the infernal gods, they alhlily took their doparturo. Malny years olapsed before the troe cause of those disturboacos was discovered. It wos ascertained at the Rtestoraltie that thq: wholo was the work of Giles Sharp, the trusty clerk of tho comleseioners. This man, whose? o real nIo wIts Joseph Collins, was it cerconloil I?oyallet, and hltd ploredt his. eirly lifo within the bowers of Wood. stock, so that ihe knew every holo and cor. noer of the place, and the numerous trap. doors tandl seoret passagoes tht abounded in the buildling. The commissioners, never nuspecting theo ruo stlato of his opinions, but believingl him to be rovolutionary to the backbolne, placed the otmlast retance ullpoll him; a conlidenco whichl hle bueud in the maneluor above dtotoiled to hits owl greet lmnemue not and thllt of the fowcave: lirtr whome he let intoo th e cret. 