WEEPING FERRY. BT MABGARET L. WOODS. Author of " A Village Tragedy. 7 ' " The Vaga- • bond," " Wild Justice," " Esther Vanhomrigh," &c.;, &o-; CHA ^TEIi V.—(Conctnded.) "Why don't yoa like going to tennis par-' ties?" she asked. fie jumped up and seized the other end of a sheet she was trying to shake out. "' "Because I prefer hanging out the clothes." \- " I shouldn't if I was you. I'd a deal sooner play tennis." • "-Depends.who you play with. The girls about-here eeem uncommon dull." "Tbe Sheet was spread out between them and went on to "the hedge with a heave. " If you find the ladies about here dull, you must flail me a lot worso," said BesBie, after a pau?9. ••••-:• "Oh; come. I E»y, Bsssie! Whose talking nonsense now?" - She untwisted a towel and flapped it noisily. • Well, I've never been to London or anywhere. a'cd I've not learnt things like ladies. I don't know as I thought much of Millv's talk about education when I was younger, iiat I often wish now I wasn't so ignorant." Geoffrey leaned his back against the hedge and put his hands in his trouser pockets. "Now, my good" fcirl, don't go 011 talking that sprtof rpt. >Who in the name of wonder cares whether you're ignorant or not? Of course it's all right for ladies to go to school, i but afterwaras do you suppose any one cares two straws what they've learnt? It's an aw/til. mistake educating girls as people do now. Men.don't like it. They don't marry them. What.a" man likes is——" So far Geoffrey's discourse had been abstract ihe education'of women being a favourite subject-for animadversion in the Meade family. But'Bessie'was standing opposite him, drinking in his words, and he broke ofi. "Why, ior' bles3 me, Bessie,"he exclaimed with a short.laugh, "it's perfectly ridiculous your talking about education and that, when— well, I suppose it's like my imperence to tell yoa so—^but still you must know you're fifty times better .'looking than any other girl in this blooming country, lady or not." * The admiration in his look was frank and warm.' Bessie turned away slowly and spread a towel on the hedge. His eyes dwelt on the glossy blackness of her plaits and the curves of her creamy cheek and throat. He had never before fully'realized her beauty. Neither had she. . '. -•CHAPTER VL The relations of Geoffrey Meade and Bessie continued for a week or two only, such a clearsighted-observer might have called, according to his temper,'thoBa of flirtation or of comradeship. • • ' - It was at any'rate a gossamer idyll, such as the least wind of chance might have blown away : , to leave no'trace on the heart of one at least 4>f the couple. Yet they somewhat modified each'other's idoas. Geoffrey, comparing the ungraceful and- ungracious scions of the aristocracy at the Uectory with Bessie Vyne, felt his faith in gentle birth waver. Bessie, by nature a ftadieal, though controlled by her mother's conservatism, began to doubt whether her mother and Milly knew so much about ladies and gentlemen as she had been used to betieve they did. And all the while old Catherine,'washing up dishes in the scullery or moving about duster in hand, kept a pale, auspicious eye on the young people while they exchanged laughter and talk that to her was silence. She-came to^envy Bessie with , an envy that : was almost hate, for her beauty, for the- young -gentleman's admiration of it, and the enancesic wonld give her. She, deaf old Catharine, had'iiad rich gentlemen after her onqe 5 6ha,had had ehances too. -She reckoned them up in her long brandings and magnified them,iiil the splendid chances she had thrown away in her devil-may-care youth, to come at last to this.- - :/- Wbeii'EIizs,b9th1iad been gone three weeks, <3tttherine was lefc alone to- superintend the young "people, for Mts. Filkins went away. She had begun .to suspect that Mr. Filkins «nd ,the jneoe left .im .charge of .him, were eettimfajonfjed together too comfortably without Ii6r." Therefore ehe e&id; that everything was going-to sixes and sevens in consequence of her absenpe, and that Filkins in partioular W^S BO Jnuch affected by it "that he looked as though he were going to have a stroke ; which, indeed, at; his -a^je, as - she had often told him, he might confidently expect, and she shouldn't; think it right not to be there. So she went back to Ghurch Milton. •". " The'^ret evening jieoffrey and Bessie were left-alone in; the. house—for Catherine had gone-borne'and'Thomas to the Seven Stars— Geoffrey Jeterminedto derote himaelf to bis books. l He' worked conscientiously for more than .belt an hour.' Then while bis bodily eye travelled o ver the printed page, his mind's eye Eawiotbing but Bessie sewing alone in the kitchen. At last, when he had read ten pages without having the slightest idea what they were about,' he remarked to himself that " Gonfounfl-i t alli it too absurd!" If there was no one ln the house, aomuch the better. There would be no one to put a disagreeable •completion' on 'a perfeotly innocent friend? ship. \ • "'• \- - Yet ;when, he came to the kitchen door lie knocked-at it - hesitatingly, and when Bessie said "Come in," he only put his head in. "Are you awfully.busy?- Please say if I'm a.nuisance,' but I've picked out that song I -couldn't remember, on the piano, and I thought p'raps.you'd like to hear it." At firtt Bessie peemed as though ehe did not want.bim;-bnt when he began to beata retreat ehe called "him back. He took Mrs. Filkui's deberted chiur, and they behaved exactly as they bad done when.ehe was there, except that tbey sung'less arid' talked more. There was nothing par ticular in their talk, but it took a colour ofihtimacy from its circumstances,' as they Bat on .each, side the hearth. In this way they spent several pleasant evenings. . There' were ehort 'blue and white cotton curtains to the kitchen window, which Bessie always carefully; drew as eeon as it was dusk. 0n6 night there'was a strong wind; a wind that beat the heavy-headed trees this way and •that; shattering their twigs and sending a host of,' prematurely, fallen leaves scurrying over the. meadows' .and - along the white country roads.- .The earth beneath seemed full of the tumultuous : motion of things and their shadows, but in. the aky above the moon rode serenely, watched by a far off circle of palely twinkling stars. • \ When -Geoffrey came in he flung back a curtain with a'sharp jingle of rings. ."Whata jolly moon? Come and look at it." • ;•.'•.' I ;. • "O don?t!"-cried Bessie, simultaneously. . " Don't what?". - '. She stepped quickly to the window, pretended toloek out and put the curtain back in its place. -.-._.. . .."Ijoan't.-abide the . moon-nor the ..dark neither,—-she said.' going back to her chair and takingup'her 1 sewing. She > denied that she was either timid or fanciful about - anything else, but she'd had th at fanoy from a-child. She couldn't help •being afraid at night that if she looked up from-her work and the curtain wasn't drawn, she might see^—something peering in at her ent of the darkness. It was 6iUy of course, and-mother scolded her for it, butsbe couldn't help it.. Did Geoffrey know about the Weeping'Xia^? -Nb, Geoffrey'hod never heard of her. Well, .it was all nonsense about ghosts, but they didsay there was once a young lady Irving a*the- Manor—that was in the Bampton's time—and'she had a lover. And news came that her lover was false to her. and she ran stnughtumt and drowned herself in a deep peol in theriver. just where the canal cam* in now.; Mother didn't like them to talk about euch shig.' but the story went that the lady's ghost walked by the river there. There were people in Old Milton and Church Milton, too, who-declared they'd not been able togel their, do^spast Weeping Ferry at night; the poor .beasts trembled and whined so pitiful. "And" Eometimes it was said the lady walked across .the Long Meadows to the Manor, sighing and wailing all the way, and with the wet drippjng from her clothes as she went, and she never .c%me-?feto the house, but walked round and round' it on the little flagged path, and looked in at the windows as she passed, as though poor soul, she were seeking to be let in. Mpther didn't believe a word of it, and went out by herself ' it all hours, when the cows wanted seeing to. But father declared that once~he - Here Bessie broke off with a sharp little cry, and jumped up so precipitately that she scattered* her work things all over the floor. ' She caught Geoffrey by the shoulder, staring" at the . door, which opened into the porch. * "Look!" she whispered, pointing; and had. to swallow something in her throat before ehe could articulate again. " took!" Geoffrey turned his'head hurriedly. A hole some 5 in. or fi/ih. square had been cut out of the door and a -pane of glass let in. This aperture, which had been dark, was now filled by sometiling' white—a Whiteness as of a pallid human face pressed against the glass, and broken by two shadowy pits for eyes. For a minute or more the "two young people remained pressed together, fixed in a horrified stare at the white thing which seemed' to be looking at them. Then the aperture was dark again. \- Thev neither of them spoke, but Geoffrey walked to the door, opened it, and stepped out into the blackness -of the porch. Outside in the moonlight, 'slowly mounting the step?, he saw-the figure of -a woman ; a little old woman with a crey knitted shawl tied over her head and shoulders, and a thin -cotton skirt and anron, which the wind blew wildly about her. Geoffrey called after her, but she went on mounting the steps at the same slow pace. At the top of them she paused. She had got out of the shelter of the house and a gust of wind caught her and almost whirled her round. Bessie bad stepped out into the porch and stood behind "Geoffrey. "Why, if it ain't old Catherine!" she cried. And her terror" turned to irritation, violent with, the reaction of her shaken nerves. She bounded half-way up the steps and caught Catherine by the skirt. The old woman turned with a harsh cry of fear and anger, and tried to pull away her dress. Bessie held it fast. The wind wrapped her own black dress about her, and blew her black hair from her forehead in fantastic little streamers. (To be continued to morrow.) 