[?] COMPLETE I» miS ISSUEt " BY . .r/.tW.' RAYNOR coFVBioirr. " ' OHAPTBR I. r»ri» C. . .... 8 UST this onco, sir," . -. fijivSvi' » said Adrian Harougay M ploudingly, " and I 9 will promiso to turn f,y d over a new leaf and 1 never bother you The speaker was a .7 tull, military-looking '"\L ' -t) I""u "v0" y., A and-forty, tlio youuger It jTJ. son of Sir Barnabas \-- rtrfl Hurongny, Bart., .now . / J ki - an old man of oighty, to Ct who.ii this son had been _ PI a source of trouble nnd >, sorrow ever since ho had arrived at man's estate. Entering tho urmv. Adrian had been eompofied to sell out to avoid oxpulsion owing to dishonourablo play at etude, und he had from that time lived in idleness upon an' allowance from his father, which bo was constantly overrunning. Sir Barnabas had settled his debts times out of number, threatening eaoh ti.no should bo the last, und now lie had given his son u point- biuuk refusal. "It is of no uso, Adrian," tho old man enid. " You hnvo played tho game once too often. I liuvon't much longer to live, and I ehouldn't rest in my grave if I left tho estate to go to littlo Bartholomew without enough to keep it up. You have only yourself to bhimo. Your allowunoe is ample, nnd you should keep within it." "Littlo Bartholomew," to whom Sir Barnabas referred, was a fino lud of fourteen, the only son of Adriun's Into eldor brother, and, of course, heir to tho title and estates. Adriun's handsome but dissipated face as ho left his father's presence, with a deep seowl upon it, could ho called nothing but villainous. Ho hud murder in his heart. " Confound tho things !" ho muttered, as he wended his way through tho park. " Tho old man hasn't much longer to livo, as ho suys, und then that littlo brat will oome ' botweeu mo und all this !" And he swept an envious gaze around tho . demesne. Tlioro was nothing of reverence in ! his longing for tlio family estates. He only : looked upon them us worth so much hard cash, which would havo enabled liim tho more frooly to indulge iu liis viocs and extravagance. By the time be had reached tho park gates t ho was in a fevar of ungor und disappoint ment, whioh, added to his habitual desire for i strong drink, led bim to outer tho Harougay Avins Hotel, whore ho culled for a bottlo of champagne. As he walked up the steps of tho hostolry ' he spied a woll known ne'er-do-well, one James Nottwell, hotter known as Ponohing Jim ; and after deliberating, whilst drinking his champagne, upon a wicked idea that had ocourred to him, as ho loft the house ho nodded to Jim und bcokoncd him to follow. " "Woll, it's a rum sort o' job," growlod Jim to himself, ns ho slouched buck to tho public- house half an hour luter to spend the half-orawn lio had just put in his pocket. " Tbe kid's uover douo mo any harm, bat I . nhouldn't never get no obaneo of a 'undrcd quid out o' 'im, so I'm gumo for it 1" " CHAPTER II. Hnrongay is among tlio Derbyshire Hills. Every yard of land ulmoBt lias somo bistorio associations of its own, und caverns ubound, .with mysterious streams iu their recesses wbioh apparently rise from nowhere and flow -to .nowhere else. . .One of these cuvorns ie known ns Sticks- Hole, a long, narrow obamber in tlie mountainside, through which flows a stream called tho Styx, or Sticks, until it disappears into a. low, arched opening at tlio far end of tbo oavo,.boyond whioh no ono hud over been vonturesomo auougli to explore it. In dry weather the Styx is a mere triokling rill, but after heavy ruin the water pouring down tho hillsides, forms it into a raging : torrent. . 'Thou tho opening through wluoh \- tho r stream disappears from the cavern is ontirely hidden by the volume of water which dashes aguiiiBt the rock in its endeavour to '.find tm exit, spreading its foam upwiirds and ''around in myriads of drops, which, viewed by tlio artificial light wliioh lias to ho used, sparkle arid coruscate with great beauty. Young Bartholomew Harcngay oamo home from Rugby for the holidaya nliout u fort night after his unclo Adrian's visit. Liko all ' ''boys, bo was vastly interested in tho mysteries of tho numerous caves of tbo distriot, and ho . spent much of hiB time in wondering nbout from ono to tha other and listening to the woird tales of tho inhabitants. \- Whorever ho went lie wnB almost sure to meet Ponohing Jim, who could ,spin yarns about the terrible things which had happened at this place or tho other with a fluency that would havo dono credit to an old jaok-tni'. Jim was particularly glowing iu his tales of the Sticks- Hole, una his description of its wonderful nppenranoo after a heavy full of rain mudo tho boy anxious to seo it undor siioh' eiroumstaneos, so on tho vory first ' morning uftor thorn had been a storin he wont with Jim to tho cavoru. ' . About a quarter of an liour after thoy had entered it Jim cumo out alone, dripping wot, and with a white and scared face ran bis hardest into Harcngay village, where he deolurod that "the young squire " had fallen into tho Sticks water and been carried .' through tho hola at tho end of tho eavo before bo oould resouo liim. Ho (Jim) hud got wot ' through uud nearly lost his own lifo trying to eavo tha lad, ho said. Evoryono know that anything, onoo it went down tho Stinks-Hole, was lost for over; und ono of tho older inhuhitante remembered that many years ago a ohild hud been curried uwuy in u similar manner, aud had never been soon ugaiu cither dcud or alive. Tho sad nows was quckly taken to tho Hull, and its effeat upon tho old baronet, blurted out us it was, without tlio slightest ooneidoru- i tton for his ago and feoblo state, or tho fact / that ho doted 011 his littlo grandson, wus sueli -h.tlgut he was seized witli a paralytic stroke, ©Item whioh ho died the sumo night. <?' CHAPTER III. Tho fnnoral of Sir Barnabas took place in duo course, nnd Adrinu and tho other rclutivcs who wero presont returned to tho Hall to bear the will reud. \- 1 Sir -Barnabas' Harongay's will"- was a vory simple ono. Propurcd on tho assumption that young Bartholomew would succeed to tho titlo and tho estates, it gavo all tho testator's proporty to him. subject to 1111 annuity of £5uu a year 10 rrdr.au, uud some legacies so relatives, friends, nud charities. " Under tho oirouinBtaiiccs that incana that everything practically goes to me, I suppose i" said Adrian bluntly, when Mr. Temporloy, ' tho family solicitor, had finished reading the will. " Er— assuming that Bartholomew Hurcn- giiy is dead that would bo so," unswored tbo lawyer in a cautious tono. Adrian gave a snort of voxation at the "quibble," as ho culled it, raised by the lawyer. " Wliut proof is tlioro of Bartholomew's dentlif" quoricd Mr. Temporloy. " Tho man Nottwell, with whom ho was in tho cuvo, saw him carried uwuy by tho rush of water through what thoy call the Stioks- Hole, and ho has novor-hcen seen again," Adrian replied decisively. " Of course he's dead. Any oourt of law would say tbat he wus, Iiinuginc." "Woll," rejoined Mr. Teniperloy in his culm, unruffled tones, "I don't know so much nbout that. The propor courso, if Bartholomew Harcngay or his body is not discovered, would lis to throw tho estate into Chancery : but I always wish to avoid litiga tion myself, although I'm a lawyer, und as it rests with ino to ndviso tho exeoutors and trustees, I would propose tbat the presont company bo , taken ns forming a court, and should hear whatever evideiioo there inuv ho to bo brought before th'om. If they deoide that Bartholomew is dead, thou you shall bo permitted to . enter into' possession without further trouble, but not otberwiso." "It scents a stupid thing to monltogether," answered Adrian impatiently : but in a tone of confidoneo lie added, " It's preposterous. There cannot bo two opinions about tho mutter. Still, if it will sottlc your scruples, I've 110 objection to your proposal. There can be only ono conclusion — that Bartholomew is dead." "Very well, then;" said tho lawyer, with a sarcastic ring in his voice that somehow made Adrian begin to feel a hit uneasy, " wo will1 have James Nettwell in to begin with." Poaching Jitn was shown in, and ho gave a rough hut gruphio account of the lad's fall into the water, and how lie (Jim) had tried to reaouo liim at tho risk of his own lifo. " You are quite sure tbnt he slipped in ?" asked Mr. Temperloy. "Yon did not push him in P" As lie asked this, the lawyor looked hard, first ut Adriun nnd then at tho witness. Adrian's lips tightened visibly, but Jim kept hiB countonnnco woll. " Me push 'lm in !" ho oriod: indignantly. " I wouldn't a-'urt a 'air 'o the boy's 'ed ! Whttt should I awant to push 'im in for ?" His questioner took no notice of this pro test. " Do you know whoro tho water goes to after it leaves tho Stioks-Holo ?" ho nslted. " No, nor nobody elsn does, and nobody never will," assorted tlio man. "Oh, indeed !'' said tho lawyer qaiotly, as ho. turned and rang tho hell. "Robert," to tho servant who answered tho ring, "show Mr. Stanley and' his com panion in." Tlio company all know Mr. Stanloy, who was a neighbouring landed proprietor and u great friend of old Sir Barnabas, and soma of them bad remarked it as strange that ho had only sent his eurringo to tho funeral instead of uttonding personally. But who tho "com panion " might he, 110 one could guess, mid there was a look of expeotation 011 every face. Tlio next moment this turuod to a look of bowildormont, nnd they wore nil staring us at a ghost. Jim cried aloud for moroy, anil Adrian mado a holt for the door, but ho found it looked from tho outside. Mr. Stanley's companion was none other than young Bartholomew Harougay, in the flesh, looking alive mid remarkably well ! Tho proceedings were interrupted for. some minutes by tho clamour of congratulations which aroso from all except two of the assembled company, and as soon as order had beon restored, Mr. Tcmporley turned to the lad. "Now, Sir," — with a innrkod stress on the "Bir" — "now, Sir Bartholomew, will you please tell us wlmt huppened?" "Woll," said tho hoy, "I'd gono with Jim to tho Stioks-Holo to look at tho flood, and whon we wore at. the far end of tlio oavo, just over tho moutli of tho hole, I felt a Buddcn push from behind, and I fell into the water. " I can swim, hut before I could strike out I was sucked down into tbe hole. It was full of wutor, ruBhing along ut a tremendous rate, and my lioud sorapbd tho top ns I wns carried along. I thought it was ml over with' mo, but I kept my mouth shut and held my breath, nnd in a few seoonds I know I had got out of tho liolo nnd was in a more lofty plaoo, for my head popped up out of the water and I oould broatho again. " It wns plloh dnrk, and I didn't know which way to swim, so I just floated and let tho stream tnko mo where it liked. After a littlo while I found the current growing strongor again, and thou I could tell I wus in anothor sort of tuiiuel, but it was bigger than the first, for I could keep my head out .of . tho water as I wag carried along. " This tunnel led into another eavo whioh was not quite dnrk,' 'and I could seo n dim light coming in through a hole a littlo way up 011 one side. Tmndo for this light, hut found the side was a" wall of rock, which I followed till I cumo to another opening where Hie wntor left the eavo again. I didn't want to be curried out of this nave, for I thought there must bo a ahunco of escape through the liolo where tho light eamo in, so I ewnm bank nnd crossed tho onrrcnt without being drawn into tlio liolo und kept round the siuo till I found a plao'o whoro I oould climb np. I wns jolly glad to get out of tho water, I oan tell yon," 'cried the boy, "for it was awfully cold.- " Well," lio continued, "I was on anarrow ledge of rook, und I oropt along on my hunds and knees towards the light, and ufter a lot of trouble I got up to it und scrambled through the hole into a big navern. This cavern was much higher thun tha other one, and wan quite dry, and after shnking myself up a bit, you know, 1 mado for tho outranks, whore it was quite light. There I found myself ou tho hillside just above Mr. Stanley's, and I know that tho eavo I had oome out of was ' Betty's Cupboard.' "That's all," finished tlio lad simply. " I mot Mr. Stanloy ulmoBt as soon ns I got on to tbe hill, and when I told him what had happoucd to mo ho took ino liomo with liim and smuggled me into liis house, and I'vo beon there ovor sinco." "Yes," said Mr. Stanley, "that is correct. I deemed it hotter to keep my young friend out of harm's way in case tiny further mis chief might bo attempted against him. He must liavo travelled quite a third of u mito underground, for ho eamo out on the othor sido of Btioks Peak. " I nt onoo rodo over to Harcngay Hall, but I was too Into. Tlio news had reached poor old Sir Barnabas, who was thon uncon- soious, and Dr. Miokson told mo ho could not possibly roeovcr. I informed tho doctor of the facts, wlueh ho undortook to convey to the putient it ho rallied, hut Sir Barnubas died tho Bamo night." . "Tiiac was so," assented Dr. Miokson. "I was at tho bedsido of our dear old friend until his last broath, mid ho never saw or understood any thing again." " Havo you anything to say ?" asked Mr. Temporley of Jim. "I ought to warn you," he uaded, " that you stuud in a vory serious position, and that you aro not obligod to say uuything unless yon liko." "I don' euro for that, sir," oriod Jim. " The youug Bquiro'H a littlo brick, and I've only boon sorry onoo as I over had laid a bund on 'im — and that's been over, sin' ! I shouldn't a-doiio it only ho (pointing to Adrian) led mo on witli a promise of a 'undred pounds if it eamo "-off. I've never 'ud u wink o' sleep, 'urdly, since I did it, u-thinkiu' o' tho poor littlo chap as I thought I'd killed ; and I'm right glad, whatever becomes o' me, that heb alive — that I am !". " And have you uny explanation to make, Mr. Adrian HarenguyP" naked tho lawyor. " You ulso aro in a serious position." . " I'vo nothing to say, ' cried Adrian, vioiously, " except that tho man's a liar, and 1 so are you ! I 'never saw tho fellow nt all, uud I know nothing about it. My ' position, ' us you oull it, is right enough, i wunt none of your threats ! Perhaps you will open this door aud savo yourself an notion for false imprisonment." "Not so fast, sir," said Mr. Temporloy, sternly. "Even if that door is opened you will find two polico offioera waiting in the hall, and it depends ontirely upon tho course we dotcrraina to take whothor they nre ordored to apprehend you or uot." Adriun's bravado left him ut ones uud, like tho litcuu hound that ho had all liis lifo proved himsolf te be, ho turned to liis 'young ncphow and appealed for moroy. " Bart I" he oried. " Don't lot. them send me to prison. I never meant. — — ' ' " Stop !" said Mr. Temporley. Thon lie turned with a grim smile towards tho "court," as I10 oalled it. ' . "Well, gontlemon," lie ' remarked, ith withoring sareusm, "I think tho court bail, at all events, dooido tho point which it .'was agreed to lenvo to it. Is Bartholomew Harengay dead ?" "No," they all oried, "anil may God bless him, and reward tlio man who had sohomed his denth according to his deserts !" ' For tho suko of tho family namo the matter was hushed up, uud everybody, cxcopt thoso uotunlly in tlio secret, thought that littlo Sir Bartholomew's adventure wus an accident. Jhn was forgiven, but it had suoli an effect upon liim thut I10 beeamo a sober, honest fellow, und was ultimately instullod, us a keeper 011 tlie 'estate, mid for tho rest of his Ufa lie mado it his duty to watch and guard the young man ho hud tried to murdor, wliioh ho did with 11 vigihinoo almost liko that of a faithful dog. Adrian took up his aboda at a continental watering place, living on his annuity and his gains at cards, until about in a couple of years he wus shot dead in a gaming saloon where- he bad been discovered at his old trioks of cheating. _ The events here told happened many years since, and others have now explored tho caves through whioh tho pluoky youngster swum, but they have all entered them tho reversa way, and Sir Butholomew Harengay still enjoys the unique distinction of being tho only living being who has over boon through the Sticks-Hole. 