DAYS OF DANGER. [copyright.] Thrilling Narratives of the Bnshranginj} Times. Keenan's Ghost. BY CAPTAIN LACIE.\ .IN FIVE PARTS. '?? PERIOD, 1846. ? ?? ? . ? **♦- - ? _ PART V. The' iaquoat, indeed, vvna a formal nllnir.' The convict sorvant naw that i; was uaolosa— quite uaoloss— saying any tiling for himself at, that stage, and ho romaiuod nilent, which was, -if couroo, another evidonoo of guilt. He was at '??'?? . once committed for trial at the' onsning Launceaton Assizoa, and overyono re ):]'?'' gardbcV the wrotchod map. an being as 1 ; ? good aBdead. ?: ?:'? At' least, not everyone, for Evan Edward* and Miohnel Koonan woro con — -vinced that tho man waainnocont. They ' had both been in tlio public-houRoou the ? night of the murdor, and had soon sionie ;v- thing which nt tho timo did not interest thorn,, but whish tho subsequent devolop : ' merits1 'caused to assume importance. ???»? .-..They Were both in tho sido room off the bar, and Southey — who was frequently . takon from the farm to assist in the public-houBO, as hi.imannnr.s wcro affable ? in spito of his wrotchod condition — was . working in tho kitchon, Ho wns being continually called out, and it was during OUO-OL U1OSO CIU3UUUUU 1111*1* UIU 1HUI1U3 noticed' a tall — very tall man — walk into tho kitchen, pick up something from a table, and leave tho room. Thoy caught a momentary view of the face, tho upper part of which was hidden by a largo alotith hat and tlio lower by a heavy beard. It was pl.iin to Edwards that the fellow picked up a knife, for he saw tho glean of the blade and hoard a alight metallic sound, but Keenan did not, an he wns in a different position. As the man might have been one of tho servants belonging to the place they took no further notice of tho incident, and a few minutes after Constable Williams entered tho room, and, having a glass with them, left, as ho said to go to the office, He was never seen alive after that. For a full hour later the two men remained, aud when they went to tho bedrooms at the back, John Southey was still at work in the kitchen. Next morning, when the body of Constable Williams was discovered stiff and cold, Edwards and Keenan remem bered tho occurrence of the previous nightj and they questioned the landlord as 10 whether he had such a person as tho man they described in his service. He vowed that he had not, and, in fact, did not know such a man in the whole district. He was aware that the two survey-men were very friendly to John Southeyv and it occurred to him that they were merely trying to divert sus picion from the proper quarter. This idea took strong possession of him, as he did not Bcruple to speak his mind on the subject, though not to either Keenan or Edwards. They were both good customers and a little fiery if their honour were im pugned, ;SO-that the landlord, who was a . cautiouamau, was careful to whom he addreBsod his .insinuations that they were trying^to screen his servant. Tho loss of a boarder like Williams was a severe blojy to the.parsimonious landlord, and the only consolation he had was the reflection that Southey would ' Bwing,' as ?' ho termed it; for the murder. To give the fellow his due, he really beliovud that his ; assigned servant was really guilty ' of- the' crime, and ninety-nine persons in every hundred would be inclined. to agree with him. For several days after the committal the two, surveyors did all they could to got a clue .to the mysterious stranger who had entered the kitchen, but no one in the district seemed to know such a person,, and at length they were re luctantly forced to give up tho quest. All that-lay in their power after that was to go to Lauuceaton and give evidence in favour .of the accused man, and they determined to. do so. ' Wasn't; there .something peculiar about that fellow we saw go into the iVl bull Oil tUD UlllCl 11IUUV 11 iituu UL1.UW** you peculiar — as if you had seen him before V asked Edwards a few days after ' the murder. There was,' replied Keenan. ' It was in the eyes, I'm sure I saw the fellow somewhere before, but I can't recollect where it was. Hold on 1 Hold on ! 1'vo got it I' he added in a lower voice. ' It wns thnt portrait, you know, which wo ? found by those bones 1' 'Of course it was. What an ass I must be not to have recollected that bttfore. There is something in this, Mike. If we had been sharp enough wo could have made £500. The fellow was no other than Jensen, the murderer, aB sure a,s you're there. Look at the way he wore his hat — almost clown on nis eye^-and the hair that covered hiBface. \ Yes, we missed a good opportunity. That ia the. man who killed Williams, and by some menus he found out that the poor '' devil' of a servant and tho constable were enemies. What an idea to get r,ho knife ! Surely they won't hang poor Southey, who is as innocent as you or I,' 'exclaimed Edwards with animation. ' ? ,' What 11 fool a man would bo to leave evidence of his »uilt stuck in his victim. ' ' -That' fact alone ought to get Southoy his liberty, but I shouldn't bo surprised if they hang him. Law isn't justice you :? know, and you can boo how feeling goes .'.. about the settlement hero. There are 11 :?: hundred to ono against tho poor fellow, arid-it will bo tho same I'm afraid in tho . court,' said Keenan. . ?:?' ''Oh, you'll find it will be different there, but if this cut-throat Jensen is about wo must be on our guard. He would think nothing perhaps of swonpin.: down on our camp if thero was plunder. I don't understand — if it was Jensen, and I am convinced it must have been — how he keeps about the district without being arreBted. Ho must bo a good deal about, or how could he learn such news ass . tho feud between Williams and Southey, and how tho latter was mimo thnea employed. Naturally, Jenson would hate Williams, for it, was partly— or chiefly — through tho constable that the face of the skeleton being Worrall's and not Jonsen's was discovered. Don't you see how ho would have cause to rid himself of suoh a dangerous foe. Tho conatiible was on his tracks right enough, and in time would have hunted him down. Wo must soe what wo can do in the amateur detective business, as it may bo tho moans of saving Southoy'B neck,' oonchided Edwards. In pursuance of that rosolvo, Walsh, June.B, and Weaton wcro informed of l_hu discovery — or supposed discovery — made by ICoonan and E I wards, and they were asked to do all they could through their frionda as well as thomselvoH in finding out ouch a man as was doscribod. This they each earnestly promised to do, for likely an innocent, human life was hang ing in tho balance with doath weighed agninstit, and the diacnvory mightcause tho boam to fall on tho sido of innocence. As thero wan only a fortnight to tho trial tho case was woll-nigh hopcloas, and so it proved, for not a traco or vostige of tho md 11 which they sought could bo found, and Keenan and Edwards had to go to Launceston without tho slightest proof that mich a being oxisted. Whon tho trial came on tho court was crowded ohiofly wilh officials and their friends, who wero anxious to aeo a convict, pillored for daring to raise a HMci'ihigioiiH 11 rm against; a representative of officialdom. Hanging, in the opinion of a majority of the audience, was cer tainly too good a fa to for such a man, and thoy regrottod -the passing away of tho.se good old times whon 'drawing' and ' quartering ' could havo been added to' tho sontenco. Ono after another the witnesses testified to tho fact that tho knifo found in tho body of Oonsfcablo Williams was tho property of Southoy, and that tho accused did not deny. Then there wore others who swore as to tho throats made by tho prisoner against the dead man, and to tho onmily which oxistod between them for many months previous to tho crime. No 0110 hivw tho actual deod done, but tho landlord, who wns tho bitten st witness against, his sorvant, stated that there would havo boon no difficulty in Southoy stopping out of the house and slaying Williams as ho went over to his office. In fact, tho body being found bo cloao to tho public house, he said, seemed to provo that it had boon committed by some one who stepped out of tho placo for tho purpose and could not long re main away without hia absence being detected. This wan putting a nail in tho accused 'a coffin. In his defence, Southoy admitted that ho had a grudgo against the doad man, and told tho reason why, but ho solemnly asserted ho was not a midnight assassin. What ho meant by revenge was to engage the constable in a fair fight. He asserted that ho had not gorio outside die house on tho night of the murder, and that someone must have taken his knife out of the kitchen, on which it was lying on one of tho tables. He had no idea who that person could bo, but that was the ouly explanation ho could give. Edwards and Keenan then volunteered to give evidence for the defence, and told the judge and jury what the reader has already been seized of. They were each subjected to a severe crossexamina tion by tho crown-prosecutor, and though they did notcontradict themselves in any particular, their evidence was shorn of all weight by tho fact that no ono seemed to know anything of tho man whom the crown lawyer characterised as a 1 'mythocal personage.' When Edwards contended that the assassin was no other than Carl Jensen, the New Norfolk murderer, a roar of laughter greeted the statement, but he obstinately adhered to that view, and nothing would shake either him or Keenan in the opinion. It is probablo that the aesertion throw a cloud of ridicule over the whole of their evidence, and the judge in summing up gave that impression. He was dead - against the priaoner, and scarcely noticed what had been sworn by Edwards and Keenan, except to. show itB unreliability. The jury rotired, but only for a few minutes, and returned with a verdiob of. guilty. Tho sentence was, of course, death, and in accordance with his powers the judge ordered that tho execution should take place that day week (16th Septem ber), on a gallows erected at the spot where the crimo was committed. This practice was frequently carried out in the early days, as it was supposed to inspire more terror in the mind of the condemned and also to impress tho resi dents with the idea that crimo had a speedy retribution. Southey listened to his doom in silence, and as the judge concluded there was quite an uproar of applause, which was not suppressed until the prisoner was removed The erection of the scaffold at the Mersey settlement was at once begun, and the residents looked forward to the 16th September us though an interesting carnival was to take place. Tho morning of the fatal day broke gloomly enough, and from far and near the people had assembled to witness the execution. At nine o'clock, the time fixed for tho gruesome event, there could not have been less than three hundred persons present, a fair propor tion of them being women. John Southey was confined in the small lock-up and strongly guarded, for thero had been whispers that an attempt at rescue might be made. This had been spread by tho public-house-keeper, who was savagely hunting the; man to death partly out of sheer malice and partly because he would do a roaring trade on tho day of the execution and for some time previously. In the crowd were tho members of the EdwardB1 Burvey patty. They did not attend out of mere morbid curiosity, but because something might turn up at the last moment to show the innocence of tho condemned nun. At least, that was tho comforting unction they laid to their souls, but they secretly felt that John Southey was practically a dead man. It was moBt unusual, in fact, unpre cedented, to boo suih a crowd at the tiny settlement, and with so many strangers present tho chief hitorest — next 'to the hanging itself — lay in scan ning tho faces which passed and ro passed. Sumo of them were hideous enough to warrant tho belief that their owners were in their natural element attending at such a 'hastily event, whilst others again woro hunaiieand charitable looking enough. Though tho day was fine, a 'strong wind b.ow from tho north, and' often an exciting chase ensued between a man and his errant hat in consequence. It was on the stroka of tho fatal hour when Koenan suddei.ly caught hold of Edwards' arm and wlispored hoarsely : 'Look! Look! Tleri! he is!' Following the indented diroction, Edwards saw tho tall, bent figuro of a man slowly making h.s way through tho crowd, liu Bcemi'd to bo oblivioua of everything but tho gallows, and was Hearing it to get a letter view of tho execution. Thero coild bo no mistaking the man. Though rht dross was some what different to thatworn on tho night when EdwardB and Keenan saw him enter the kilchen of tho inn, and the ra»»od board had bson trimmed, the saiiio sloush hat was 01 h)B head drawn almost over the peciliar restless eyes, and tho sinister oxprossion which ovon tho portion of the face exposed gave could not bo mibtnkon. 'That is the murderer, and our time hita come. I truut we may not bo too late.' A constablo whom Edwards knew was standing closo to him .is ho spoke, and he. beckoned to him. ' Do you want, to inako £600, Wella ?' he inked. 'Of 3011 rso 1 do,' was the response. 'Then there stands Carl Jensen, the Now Norfolk murderer, and tho man who killed Williams. We will givo you a hand. Thoro isn't a moment, to be lost. Come on.' The ollicia) had tho most implicit trust in Edwards, and whon ho looked upon tho strango figuro which had been so accurately described, he saw at onco that the men woro probably right in their surmise, and ho joined them in elbowing bis way through the surging crowd to tho spot whore Jensen stood. Thoy had not reached him when u hoarse cry arose. This wan tho signal that the condemned man was lining led out, and at this sound Jensen turned quickly, whon a strong blnstof wind blew off' his hat and re vealod this fatal diagonal scar and the bare bald pale. 'Put up your hands, Oarl Jensen,' cried tho constable, and almost instantly tho three men surrounded him with presented pistols. For an instant ho glared round likoa wild beast moditating a spring, but as he saw tho utter useless iiOBs of an attempt at escape, his stolidity returned, and ho murmured ' tho game's up,' and quietly submitted to bo hand cuffed. John Southoy at tho moment was boing led up tho ladder to the scaffold, and, with tho exception of a few people in the immediate vicinity of the arrost, nonoknow that it had been carried out. ' Don't let that innocent man hang, Jensen. It can make no difference to you, and will save him if you confess. See, they are putting the ropo round his neck. Won't you stop tho butchery ?' cried Edwards. 'No, of course I'll not do bo. Why should I ? Very likely they'll be a crowd gaping at me in the same way shortly. Oh, no; I want to see tho fun,' replied Jensen with a low laugh. Finding that entreaties were of no avail, Edwards made his way to the scaffold, at which no leas a personage than tho civil commandant of Launcoston was standing, and in a few seconds told that official that Jensen had been cap tured, and that he was undoubtedly the real murderer of Williams, though ho would not confess. ' I can do nothing, Edwards, ovon if ho did confess. I have no power to stop an execution, and as we have no proof that JenBen is the murderer, tho execu tion must proceed.' As ho finished he gave tho fatal signal, and the wretched Southoy was sent to his doom amidst tho roar of the crowd. 'Take this ruffian away and don't let him gloat over his last murder,' cried Edwards passionately as he went back to where the constable, with Keenan and Walsh, had the murderer in custody. By this time Southoy was doad, and looking at the swinging body, Jensen said: ' Well, I did kill Williams, I may teli you. They can't hang me for that crime, anyway.1 He was hurried to the lock- up, and shortly after, under a strong guard, was taken to Hobart Town, where he was tried and condemned to death for tho murder of his wife. On the day pre ceding his execution, which took place on the 2nd November, 1846, ho made a short confession to tho effect that Duffy, Worrall, and himself wero engaged in extensive robberies in tho Now Norfolk district. His wife threatened to inform, -°tnd he killed her and werjt to 'VKjsjtrUrB. 'l'hcy had lon« bocin o^T^Tioi^n &f; T). .-?£;' and they decided to rid themselves of his pres'enco, which they did by killing him in his sleep with a blow on the head. They put tho body into the Derwent River, and after using tho boat to get across, they overturned it. With a considerable sum of money in their possession, and two well-stocked swags, they kept along the verge of settlement until thoy came near the Meraey settlement, where Jensen had a .??taunch friend. Tho money was given him, and then the two men agreed to take to the bush for a time as the safest. The settler friend arranged to pay periodical visits with food to a certain point. Going back, near Mount Valen tine, the retreat was discovered, which Mesley found, and the life just suited Jensen. Worrall, however,got tired of it, and frightened that if he went back nintia Via Wnillrl PflVfiJll fchft BGOrflt. nf Jensen's hiding-place in the hope of getting a pardon, Jensen decided to kill him. An altercation took place one day near the big tree, and Jensen choked his comrade to death at its base. A sheet of bark was placed on the body, and then the idea of leaving his photo, with it occurred to him. When the survey party came along he was delighted to find that they had made the discovery he wished for, and it was he who stole the food, clothes, and newspaper. The latter told him of the success of Iub ruse, and feiiring that his retreat might be discovered, he decided to go back to his friend's place. This he did, but shortly after, through Williams and Sutherland, he was again being sought for, and he decided to have revenge on the constable. His friend gave him all tho necessary information, and ho carried out his purpose but too well. To the end he steadfastly refused to give tho name of ;bo settler who befriended tho assassin, though tho man was strongly suspected. ' Well, Keenan,' said Dr. Sutherland the day after Jensen's confossion was known, 'your ghost was a pretty sub stantial one.' 'Well, yes, sir, but its appearance meant death all tho same, for poor John Southey was tho victim,' came the reply. The End. 