The Light that Cast no Shadow. Curious stories aTe told about the powers Ross eased bjr certain natives of India, who ve up among1 the Himalaya mountains.; These old men, it issaid, have devoted scores i of years to the study of natural laws and forces, which the rest of the world knows nothing about. Lately a German professor visited the "adepts," as these queer Hindus arc called, for the purpose of finding out the secret of their remarkable performances. They treated him rather scurvily, but inter ested him all the same. One day the pro fessor wanted to examine some ancient Sanskrit manuscripts. An adept went with him to a cave wherein the books were kept. The place was dark as the bottom of a welL "I can't seo to read here," said the visitor. " Then we wiil have some light," was the reply, and immediately (the professor says) a soft, pearly light brightened tho cave. He could not tell whence it came, hut he noticed that it had one 6trangc quality—it east not the slightest shadow. This is a story hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learning and high character, and you who now rend it have no reason for doubt except that all the lights yon huve seen have cast shadows. Belief or unbelief commonly runs parallel with one's own experience. Dr. Johnson sniffed at the account of the Lisbon earth quake, yet credited the tale of the Cock Lone! ghost. A man who has been ill for years, and failed to find a cure, is sceptical when friends tell him of a medicine which they believe will make him well. What else but doubt could result from his experience ? Take an example:— "In the spring oM88S," writes our corre spondent, "I fell into a low, weak, and languid state. I felt low-spirited and out of sorts. At first my stomach was deranged, my appetite poor, and after eating I had pain and weight at the chest. I was much troubled with wind, and frequently spat up a sour fluid, also hitter bile. Lqteron 1 suffered trom nervousness and great depression of spirits. I kept up with my work, but find always a sense of discomfort. Off and on I continued in this way for two years, nothing that I took relieving me. At last I heard of Mother Seigel's Syrup, and pro cured a supply. After I hatl taken only a few doses 1 found relief; my food digested, and gradually all nervousness left me. Although I had no reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine, never having used it or seen it used, I now gladly admit its value, and its power over disease. Since my recovery, for which I thank Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup, I have been in the best of health and spirits. In the interests of suffering humanity £ deem it u duty to send you this testimony. (Signed) I). Griffiths, tailor and outfitter, 151 Hockley Hill, Bir mingham, June 8, 1893." There is a deal of difference between Mr. Griffith's candid letter and the story about the light that cast no shadow. The latter may be true enough, but it cannot be verified without more trouble than, it is worth. On the other hand we have a trustworthy wit ness, .who will answer letters of inquiry, and can be found at liis address. - . Finally, there is nothing mystic or mAgical about Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. It acts on the theory that most ailments aro but symptoms, forms, or phases of that universal disease—indigestion and dyspepsia; it euros that, and throws the light of health and happiness over hearths and homes where illness and pain, had east such dark and terrifying shadows. Arid that is why people believe all that is told of its success-by eager witnesses.' • • 