the " uhost ; A SENSATIONAL STORY. A YOUNG WOMAN STRUCK DOWN. In all the sensational accounts which have, been reported concerning the doings of the1 " ghost," it has never been alleged that the; apparition has resorted to violence, but accord- i ing to the story of Miss Skilbeck, a resident of! Holdsworth road, the " ghost" departed from; his usual tactics last night, and became sOj bold as to strike. ¡ About 9 o'clock last.night it .was reported to: Constable Owens by the father of the youngj man, Eugene Johnson, who was arrested oni Tuesday evening for masquerading in woman's; clothes while endeavoring to catch the " ghost,"; that the apparition had appeared in Frederick-j street, Little Ironbark, and frightened a youngj lady named Sarah Skilbeck while she was pro-; ceeding on a visit to Mr. Johnson's house.' The constable at once went to the scene, andj found Miss Skilbeck in a hysterical condition,, and unable to make a statement. From Mr. ■ Johnson, senr., the son and Mr. Robinson, a; neighbor, the constable, however,' was told -aj sensational story. ¡ It was to the effect that Miss Skilbeck was' proceeding alone to Mr. Johnson's house about! S o'clock, and had reached within 20 yards of the place, when she was startled by a white: form, which appeared to leap over her left; shoulder, and which halted right in her path.' It commenced to dance in front of her, and spreading its arms, moved them slowly up and down, while, such is her story as related to the Johnsons and Mr. Robinson, its . form seemed at times to shrink and again grow larger. Al though terribly alarmed the young woman drew from her pocket a stone, with which in view of the ghoat; scare' she had . .armed herself .when setting out from home, and aimed it .at thy " ghost," which then advanced close to her, aud struck her a blow on the mcuth which felled her to the ground. Her screams were heard by young Johnson and Mr. Robinson, who lives opposite to the former, and. the two rushed out side, Johnson appearing first. The latter states that he saw the spectre run up the road and followed it, but before he could overtake , it - it disappeared over a fence. The young •woman was then conveyed inside, and re , mained in a hysterical state all night. ' There is no doubt but that Miss Skilbeck re ceived a fall, for her" dress bore signs of con tact with the muddy, footpath. The blow, \- however, it did not leave any mark on her face. The fence over which the ghost is said to have leaped is composed óf pickets about- 7ft. in .¿eight, and is such that it would take an ordinary individual five minutes to negotiate. Johnson, however,, states..that the apparition " took i it-, with: such , case as to make one's fleshc'rcép.!.1 It:.'simply glided over it." Although the ^.constable searched the vicinity he could find fio..trace of tKe.masquerader ; the J grass. and cbushes behind. the fence were not disturbed, andthe-" spectre had apparently ^ vanished from" hiinjan^ken. , There appeared.'to ' "'[fie' constable litt-lp doubt but" that Mrs. Skil t.b0e&$ fearvrwa^igqnuine, but her story and that of Mr. Johnson's'are.. so remarkable . that they appear "incredible. — • Mrs. Johnson st'ateá that- the form appeared before her a few nights back, when she was .r standing at her gate.. . 