fall from a roof. rr , , ' L, re»lr'"B On tho rotl ot tho Grand nolol this morning, missed his (aotlnE nnd, to tho horror o( tho spectators, toll off. Bv n luoky ohnneo lis ennght on the spouting so ho descended, nnd ihoro lis hum, tar .. nbln timo suspondod by his tromora in mid in Wli", ,on8th rossuod trom hlB porilious poallion t nnd neod wo snythnt tho hv (TO?., not IE Lb,im '| woro mods Ai y.y/vvyw-' y "ins u On our fourth pngo of u,;H , , will ho found tho hslf.yonrly bnhuL. V'"1 HW& and ftnnnoial ativtomont of m„, fM'wi Divisions! liunrd. Ulu "»'»lin Mr J. uosinson, roprosontlng a. n .. ss,?; merchant tailor nnd moracr, Geornt, «?' r' rh'' Brisbane, Is now In Bundaborg, un,i B$;V Sflcu at his sample rooma at tho Metroi K 11 fetv Hotel, until Saturday next. kljM! Tlio usiiftl fortnightly mcetim. „r l® tlio L'ldy Hlbnrninns wns hold In 8t. , HSii schoolroom lust ovonin«. Mrs Johmnn , ' ' (fiM sidon over n good nllondnnoo. Tim re J1? nmounted to £2 Us. From our business columns it will i„ k® soon tlmt Mrs. W. J. M'Gnw intends id iU® tuition In muslo, inoluding plenoforlc vie in iiml singing. U is sosrosly nccosssry fQr ('WW In stato tlmt Mrs M'Gnw Is on nocoiiinlj muslcinn, nnd hns hnd oonsldornhle i!,' oneo. It will bo roinombored sho nclcd Iff® ncconipnnlst to Miss Sobmldt nt lior oonoorn wU lioro, nnd wns oampllmontod by Hint Indv - Ai her execution. Further pnrtlaulnrs nro ol, : 'M tninnblo from tho ndvorllsouont. i'-M Wrdiiibo presents, now sloolr, boniiiir„i t'.fu goods— prices to suit tho times.— J. E, |imil' . ,' : ' son, wntohmnkor. ' V, Mr Arthur Koficto, nf Rnov berg writes r h! If Hi; it Mbo Red Bird Oyelo Agency, Rourbon' ! street, nooond bond bikes from £2 upwards." i Tho Bev. P. Oairns prosidod at tbo loetoro glvon by tho Rov. Dnolol Mnlthows In ''/ tho Bsptist Ohurob Inst ovoning, whon tbo '< nttondnnco wns only fair. Tho looturor 'i nppenled to his nudloneo to train thcmsolves nnd thoir ohlldron to nets of 6o1f-donlnl to think nbout others ns well ns thomsolvcs ,4 Ho mentioned thnt it wns In 1871 ho, with i ' Ills wifo, commenced tlio work omongst tlio i1 nboriginale, giving up business nnd comfort to i pnrsuo It. Ha oxprsssod himself as very hopeful of tbo futnro of tho Aifstrslisn 'i aborigines. Tho rov. gcntlomnn leolures in ? tho Ghuroh of England Schoolroom this 1:' ovoning. ' Biorcr.ES from £2 npwnrds, Coil nt tho '' llod Bird Oyolo Agenoy, Bourbon-stroot, nnd inspeet,- In our advertising columns appears teo business announcement of Mr H. R. Lasslg, butcher, of Perry-street, North Bun- ' daberg, and Crofton-street, South Bundaberg. As his advertisement points out, Mr Lassig's motto, is to sell only the primest quality of meat at the cheapest possible rate, and as ho has carried out this plan for some years past, it is proof that he has met with a due share of public apprecation. The finest stock of silver pinto ovor soon in Bundaborg Is now on view nt M'Lood and Co.'s establishment. Large direot coDeicn mentfl JUBt oponod." A correspondent writes; — "Nino men and women at tho close of tho raeotina on Suoday in the Salvation Army barracks, decided to live for God. Thrco also, in tho morning's meeting, decided in a similar way. Things in the corps seem to bo dcoidedly on tho improvo. Special meetings are being arranged to prosecute tho good work that has begun. Tho fust was a half night of prayer last evening, and to morrow another meeting is to be led by Captain Money. Noxt Sundays meetifig will bo led all day by Major Gallant. ' ' Gents' Bieyolos, James £8, New Howe £7 .?J.1«enVcr£713' Ofraondo £7: all fitted with Dunlop tyres,— Red Bird Agenoy. At tho monthly meetings of tho Hospital Oommittoo on Monday, tho corros- pondenco was of au unimportant nature. Tho visiting Oommittoo reported tbat tho past month has bceo a record one in tho annals ot the institution ; both as regarded tho numbor of patients and tbo serious nature of manv nf the cases treated, in consequence of wbich tho energies of tho staff havo been greatly taxed. The outdoor patients had also been vory numerous, 05 having received medioine from tbo chemist alone, and 6 from tho surcory, besides a large number dealt wlthby tbodooter himself. Patient Frank M'Oaun had been 0 I?un,lch- A patient named W. V. J. fll Klon had been dotectcd leaving tho hoanl- Ul and going down ;town begging and abus ing too hospital troatraont to aoeompllsh his purpose. It was subsequently found that ho had collected enough to pay his pnsaago to Brisbano, and ho was ndvised to loave for that place, which ho did by Satur day ssteamor, Tho windmill had had to bo repa rod and the tank replaced, and further blankets and towels had beon -purchased for immediate uso. The stato 6t tho Hospital vras M follows:- Europoan Ward, admitted 52, disoharged 32, died.G, remaining 32, Tho secretary e salary wns increased to £125 por annum, and Miss Gardiner's to 15s. a week. Ahe medical staff was re-appolnted. Ao- ooounta amounting to £195 lis 7d wore passed, and Messrs Turner and Blaikio ap- pointed Visiting Committee far tho month TuBOlab Hotel, centrally situated in Bour bon-stroot, is tho bost house in town for ac comodation at modorato obargos, Tho Hopo of Poaco Lofigo, I.O.G.T. mot 09 usual on Monday Inst, tbo P.O.T., nuinKi: i ' Pr88ldlnS' a soborao for tho oslnblisbmont of industrinl bomoo on tbo co-operativo prinoiplo was submitted, but sftor somo discussion it was ruled Informal, and dropped. After tho customary routluo of business tho lodgo, for a brief hour, unbent its auBtoro dignity to tho soothing influence of pasllmo sod harmony. All members are particularly requested to attsnd tho demons trations of the lodge nt tho Quoon'o Thoatro onlhuraday ai'd Fridny next, in honor of Mrs Loo s visit. Rogalia will be supplied at the side door at 7.30 p.m., and seats reserved. Tho following is tho list of un- olomied lotlors at tbo P.O., Bundaborg, for tho wookondod August ltltb, 1898:— Ghost Alnswortb' Thos. Adorns, J. D. Anderson, S. W. Bobrinds, W. Bellis (8), J, Brown W Oampboll, J.Obndbono, W. H, Collins, \V." pltai sW,1' J- Davis, I , P,0?8'88- HE.G„Ios, J. Grssbara, Mrs T.GoldffiornO' P. E. ariiuth, w. Haneloy. H. H. Hawthorno, Mrs J. Hay, E. Hill, R. J. Mta. m ' v. nd' ,F- ,ul08' Ml88 K- Konyor, Miss 51. R. Korr, J. Linos, E. Lambert, T. Lynoh, W. Loobland, H. F. Thus. Madden, Mrs L. Moynihan, J. E. M'Dormolt (0), Mr M'Konzio, M'Grcgor. Jos. Nowton, Mrs Raymond (2), Cant. F, Simpson, it, G. Thomson, R. II. Thompson, r,,,J',Voll<1' J- Wmi1' A. J. Winter j-wima»8'j- £2000 wntohos, ailvor-ploto, and iowollory. Romoval sale. No roasonnblo oosh offor refused — M'Lkod <6 Co., Jowollont.- LnBt Saturday's Gazette contains tho following notifications : — To bo thrown upon lr rnn g 8olootl0"8 811 1'ith Soptombor : aoroo on tho resumed portion of Culoragio run, To bo Ihrown opon for narl- nnLonH ii 'l' 88clooUural homostoad, and unoondiHona1 solootlon on 13th Sontomhor: a itin "mbor on, gm noroa :Ivor„ | ' SZhUt'"fe ?70l) noro'8 Toblooa',85Q 5S X ?'.Va ?otoa Mount Laroqmbi), 3,809 aoroo Auckland, 770 aoras Oalllopo 2,660 aoros RIvorotono, 1280 aoros Rodd'o Walfa? Uh Ootobor' "0'. »"a. What docs tho ablo Wide Rag New, moan by tho following 7-« A oo opera- 18 now Doing formod at Eida- void for tbo purpose of otarting a wookiv nowspapor to oe run on domooratlo lines and advooato tbo interests ot tho Burnott olootor. In 0 lnr68 district llko this thero ought to bo a good opening for a livo journal whon thta .1 uT "S0488 lln8 88 it is proposed should bo." Prooumably tho Rood folk what tr, . tc 8ducnl8 Maryborough in Lmerson "tho suawn of thn Pross." Roterlng to tho nbovoToposal IS taim !hnt BUbiisbos tho following from thoir Monol oorrospondont " I hoar that tho lato Canla oorreapondoot ol your ?n"i ?'S'!tyrl8 a,boVk t0 8,8rt 8 Labor pan" tLra tar hit having boon subscribed tboro that purposo. Probably tho oditor of tbc now journal will bo tho noxt Late 