THE TRAVELLER. A TRIP THROUGH THE ILLAWARRA. FROM WOLLONGONG TO GERRINGONG. A Visit to 'Bill,' Beach s Home. (By Our Special Reporter.) Before taking a final leave ot our pleasant Wollongong friends just a word about a few Newry people, for the latter place has always a soft spot in the memory of the writer. Wherever you meet with a Newry man or woman you may reckon on their patriotism and devotion to their country and religion ; therefore, in meeting Mrs. Brady you meet with a young Irishwoman who will make your face glow when she speaks of her native land. Mr. Brady, who is equally sincere, also hails from Newry, He is connected with the Railway De- partment at Wolloneong, and friends at Home will be pleased to hear that they are getting on splendidly, and are prospering. Other Newryites are Mr. and Mrs. Devlin. The latter has a brother a well-known medieo in Victoria. 'Proceeding out Dapto way we pass Figtree. Here the MoretonBay fig grows to a height of over a hundred feet ; one old fellow here told me he remembered those trees when they were twigs. If he did he must be about five hundred years of age at the least. I met Mr. D. Garvan going out. This young gentleman, by the way, is related to that straightgoer and popular man, the late James Garvan. Mr. D. Garvan is the local representa- tive of the Citizens' Life Assurance Society, and an indefatigable agent he should be, to judge by the number of places I met him at. He appeared to be out early and late. Things are pretty bad for life assurance or anything else down the South Coast. There is too much scenery, and people cannot exist long on landscapes. Seeing a very nice homestead further on, I inquired and found it was 'Carrsdale,' and belonged to Mr. Peter Carr, who is a Dubliner, and has a good property here. Further on, at Unanderra, I called to see the tannery of the Richards Bros.; but the freetrade policy has played sad havoc with this industry. Mr. Richards told me they used to employ a good few hands, but now they are just struggling along. Dapto further on is rather an unpretentious town, but it contains the best rifle shot in the colony, and the best cow; one of the Mr. Lindsays having recently carried off the Queen's prize in Sydney, and Lindsay Bros.' cow recently gave 741bs. of milk in one day. While on this topic I may mention that I have collated some interesting and useful facts with regard to the commercial value of dairying purposes of various breeds, which I will give in later articles. THE HOME OF BILL BEACH. A few miles past Dapto, and about three miles from Albion Park, about a hundred yards off the road on the left, on a pleasantly-situated rise, is a neat weatherboard homestead with a few trees around, a small garden, and well-grassed hill leading down to well- constructed cow yards and sheds. This is the home of Mr. William, or more widely known as ' Bill,' Beach, the once champion oars- man of the world. He has 420 acres of land, for which, if I remember rightly, he told me the small rent of £58 a year is paid. Beach himself, unfor- tunately, was not at home when I called, but the family were there, and a fine stalwart lot they are, about a dozen. I think the ex-champion was not quite sure of the number when I asked him on meeting him subsequently. Mrs. Beach is very sociable, and the family appeared to be very nice and well-behaved and courteous. It was milking-time, and they were all busy, and ' Bill' himself would have been amongst them had he been home. Later on, when I met Mr. Beach, he told me he milks 56 cows now, and gets 100 gallons of milk daily from them. He told me he has had 420 gallons daily from his cows, and used to then make a bit of money out of them. The erstwhile cham- pion here turned round to a Mr. Burling, who was in the carriage, and was on a visit from the Rich- mond River, and remarked, 'My word, times are changed to what they were thirty years ago.' The successive droughts, however, are playing up with the his stock and pasture. His cows are of two special breeds, but he has, nevertheless, a splendid dairy herd. This place, I believe, was the outcome of the Testimonial committee's efforts, so that Bill, not having much expense, is getting on famously. As I said, I afterwards met the ex-champion. I got in the same carriage with him as he was returning to his home, and had a chat with him about his past career and other matters. After I had intro- duced myself as a pressman, I ventured, 'I sup- pose, Mr. Beach, you don't mind me asking you a few questions about your racing career ?' 'Oh, no, not at all,' was the reply. ' Well, I wanted to know how it was you felt as sure of beating Han- Ian after his phenomenal success, and after the way in which he played with Trickett?' 'I was not at all sure about it,' said Beach. 'On the con- trary, I expected defeat, but I intended giving him a great go for it. I knew that he was not in form, and he held me somewhat cheaply, and he should have beaten me, too,' Beach added, 'for I was only a new chum at the game, so to speak.' ' I well remember how Hanlan tried to bluff or frighten me at the start,' the ex-champion related, with a smile,' ' Hanlan came over to me just when the preparations were being made for starting, and in a cocky sort of a way said, ' I'll bet you a hundred pounds I beat you, Beach.' ' No, I haven't got a hundred pounds to throw away,'' I replied. 'Well, I'll bet you fifty pounds.' 'No, I haven't got fifty pounds to spare.' ' Well, I'll bet my boat against yours,' said Hanlan. ' No, I might want the boat to row someone else.' ? Well,' said Hanlan, to try and frighten me, 'I'll give you the greatest beating you, ever got.' ' Everyone knows how the race resulted, and of the cheers that rang out from the throats of the thousands as the Dapto man downed the great Canadian oarsman. ' But he taught me how to row,' candidly admitted the burly ex-champion. I picked up a few wrinkles from him, and was ready for him the next time we rmet.' Hanlan was very anxious to meet Beach on the smooth waters of the Nepean, and Beach's backers at last consented. I remember the race well. I happened to be in Sydney, and took a trip down. The morning was hot, and all the ladies came out in white dresses. Then a storm came on, and how it did rain ! Beach won by about three lengths; but I'll never forget Squire's garden at the hotel. The crowd, were clamouring for Beach at the window, and they crowded into the garden, and trampled down and destroyed every flower and plant in it. I remember, too, the crowd waited from seven o'clock till eleven that night at the Town Hall, Sydney, waiting for their hero. 'I saw your last race with Hanlan, Mr. Beach, and I think you passed him at the mile.' ' Yes, I won't forget that race either,' said Beach. ' I had him under the whip, the same as he thought he had me the first time, and I did not forget his bluffing tactics on that occasion. So, just previous to starting, I said to him, 'I'll bet you £100 I beat you, Hanlan.' ? No, I can't do it,' said Hanlan.' ' Well, I'll bet you £50.' ' No.' ' I'll bet my boat against yours.' ' No.' ' Well, I'll give you the greatest blankey beating you ever got in your life.' ' 'I passed him at about the mile,' said Beach. ' I smiled, but was damned tired, and Hanlan col- lapsed.' 'Now, Mr. Beach,' I said, 'I would like to have your opinion about Searle as an oars- man?" "Well," said Beach with enthusiasm. ' earle is the best oarsman I ever saw.' This should settle the question as to who was the better rower, Beach or Searle. The writer well remembers going down with a few others to see Searle row ' Dutchy' Neilson, and how Searle simply played with him. I then thought I never saw anyone get pace out of a boat like poor Searle. Beach, I may state, is well respected up Dapto way, and no Show or any social function can be held unless they have the ex-champion on the com- mittee. Whilst on rowing matters, I may state that I had a chat with Mr. Pat Hickey, of Newcastle, not long ago, who, with his brother William, were the champions in the early days — before the sliding seats were used. Mr. Hickey has a couple of sons who beat everything before them in the North, and may be heard of in big races down Sydney way. Mr. Hickey is very successful, and may be put down as a prosperous man. Albion Park is rather a pretty place, and there is a fine belt of good land around the town, but the banks have got a hold of the greater part of it. The town is situated nearly midway between Wollon- gong and Kiama, and lies at the junction of the main South Coast and Tongara roads. They have two good hotels, a couple of banks, a newspaper, a municipality, two or three stores— one of the latter, and the principal store, is owned by a friend of the writer's, Mr. Killeey, whom I met out Collarenda- bri way, and who has sold out his property there, and has with his family left those sunny plains out North-west, of which Lawson, the poet, says : — ' Sunny plains I Great Scott! Those burning wastes of barren soil and sand, With their everlasting fences stretching out across the land. Dismal country for the exile when the shades begin to fall, ' From the sad, heart-breaking sunset to the new chum worst of all,' Lawson speaks of those 'burning wastes of barren soil and sand,' but I did not see them out West or North-west. It may have been hot, and it is hot, out there, but with all the droughts and flies there is a pound out there for every shilling on the South Coast. I have just travelled the whole of the latter country, and am now writing within forty miles of Kosciusko, and nearly every man you meet grumbles about the weather. If it does not rain every week or fortnight, they commence to 'squeak' ; but West and North-West they go without rain for six or eight months and not a blade of grass to be seen, yet they smile through it all. Mr. Mullery is supposed to have come into civilization, by getting amongst the population. Ye gods ! you will find more education and refine- ment ' out Back,' and less darkness and bigotry and ignorance, than you will meet twenty miles from Sydney. But more anon. Albion Park has a splendid butter factory. It has also a very pretty Catholic church, the interior being very handsome, with perhaps the prettiest choir-gallery I have seen in a country chapel. Fr. P. M'Intyre, of Leichhardt, who was located here, and was also very much esteemed here, is credited with a good deal of the improvement that has taken place. Father Heydon is now in charge. The Sisters of St. Joseph are located here, and have a very fine convent indeed, and, as usual, are doing splendid work, The towns down this way are very close. A short run brings you to Jamberoo, of which there is not a great deal to be said, except that it is a very pic- turesque little town, looking down from the hill, on entering. Sheridan Moore has immortalized the the town in verse in one of his Spring lyrics. Jamberoo has four churches, two 'pubs,' a couple of stores and blacksmiths' shops, and a good butter factory (Mr. Lyons, a young Irishman, being in charge, and high encomiums are passed on his management). 1 also met here two fine men in Mr. John Gray and Mr. Duggan, junior. The latter very kindly showed me around, and I had an opportunity of seeing the land, which is very good. It is only used for grazing purposes, and they pay enormous prices for the land, the return they get being altogether disproportionate to the price paid. Mr. Duggan is just improving a new property, and he has got some hard work before him. It is only five miles from Jamberoo to Kiama, and I made a detour by Mr. Copas's. The latter has the Public school, and is an old newspaper man. Of Kiama I don't intend to say anything beyond the fact that it is celebrated for its 'Ghost,' which. was raised up by the late Sir Henry Parkes. It is unnecessary to bring this sceptre to earth again, so we'll let it rest. Kiama has got a splendid lot of buildings, especially the hotels and public structures here. Strange to say, the two solicitors here are Catholics, Messrs. Ryan and Butler. The latter is a nephew of Mr. Thomas Butler, of the Freeman's Journal, and he is getting a very remunerative practice here, and is looked upon as a coming man. Father Barlow is in charge of the Catholic parish here, but as he was not at home I did not have an opportunity of seeing the various buildings. I had a beautiful drive along the seashore to Gerringong where I will leave my readers for the present. If I get to the top of Kosciusko within the next few days, I will probably meet Father Curran, who is expected here, and I should get an interesting ac- count of the geological features of the now famous mountain, as well as a picturesque description thereof. KILLEEVY. 