THE CHEVALIER de MAISON EOTJGE. CHAPTER XXXIV.— Continued. dO'.-eiJ brliltid tar. Ba'c tup fnithlnl crea two bad «oon returned, nod comprehend hm that hi* mi»trcw) was confined in tlii.-. groat Hone bnflriing.he hotvlcil nnd whin eil, waUSiiB. within ten Jeot o1 the ncnti op], s can-wive reply, Tho qncon roDlioil by » heart broken sigh,, which reached the cur of her guards; but at thiH sigh was uot repeated, and no othei sounds proceeded from the quceu'e cham ber, they again composed theniRelveH, um1 relapsed into their former state of drow siness. At the break of day the queen roue and dressed herself, then took lier sent near the window, the light from which intercepted by the grating of iron bur.-, feil with a bluish tint upon her emaci ated hands, in which bIu- held n book. She was apparently reading, but her thought's were fur nway. The geudnrme Gilbert half opened the screen, mid re garded her in silence. The queen iienrd tho noise of the screen, but did lot turn her head. She was so seated Lhut the gendarme could see her bend Imllied iu the morning light. Gilbert made n sign ?to bin comrade lo lulvnuve iiid look j through the opening with him. Du- i chi'fne approached. | 'Look,' eaid Gilbert, in u low tone; j 'bow very pale she it; it is frightful. Those red circles round her eyes denote her Buffering. She has surely been weep ing.' 'Ton well know,' said Duchmnc, 'Cap- et''s widow never weeps; she is too proud for that.' 'Tbcn she must be ill,' said Gilbert, asfi'. raising hie voice : 'Tell me, Cito yeBne Capet,' said be, 'are you il! ?' The queen ('lowly raised her eyes, nnd fixed an inquiring look upon the two men.. 'Did you addrc&j; me, messieurs ?' de manded she, iu a voice full of sweetness, for she fancied she detected the accent of kindness iu him who bad spoken to her. 'Yes, citoyenne, we spoke to }ou,' ie plicO Gilbert; ''we feared you were ill.' 'Why so 7' 'Becunse your eyes are so red.' 'And ot the sume time you are po ]-ale.' added Ducuetme. 'No, thank you, messieurs, I inn not ill, only I suffered much last night.'' 'Ah, yes; yonr misfortuues.' 'No, messieurs, my miseiiws are. always the same; and my religion having taught m« to carry them to the foot of the cross, 1 do not suffer more oue «lny thnn another. No, I am not ill because I could not rest last night.' 'Ah ! yonr new lodging and iudiffcr out bed,' said Duchcsuc. 'And then the lodging is not very com fortable,'' added Gilbert. 'Ah ! it is not that, messieurs,' paid tbo queen, slinking her heud. 'Lofty or lowlv it is all the xauie to me.' 'What is it, tltea 7' 'I ask pardon for telling you; but I Ijav*1 suffered much iueonveuieuce from the fimcll of tobacco, which monsieur is inhaling at tujs momeut.' Indeed, Gilbert was smokiug, for, like muuy others, it was his habitual occu putinn. 'Mou Dieu !'' cried he, much srieved, from the kindness with which the queen had expressed herself. 'Why did you not tell me so, citoyenue ?' 'Because I thought I had no light to deprive you of your enjoyment.' 'Well, you shall be incommoded no more— by me, at least,' said Gilbert, casting away his pipe, which broke upon tho tiles, 'for I will smoke, no more.' Hi turned round. hH coiajiauion follow ed, and he closed the screen. 'Possibly they inny cut off her head,' that is an aflair of the nation; but why should we cause her rtuy suffering, this poor woman ? We are isoldhre, mid not hangmen, like Simon.' 'It rather savors of the aristocrat, comrade, w|iat you did just mow,' said Duchcsne, shaking his Li'-ml. 'What do you term an aristocrat ? Ex pJain yourself.' '1 call aristocrats toll those who annoy the nation and succor its enemies.' 'Then, according to your theory, I annoy the nation because I discontinue smoking before the widow of Capet ? Go along, then. As for w!% I remember my oath to my country, and the ordnr of my brigadier. As for my ord«jr, I know it by heart. Not to permit the prisoner to escajie, not to allow any one to see her, to ret'ist all correspondence she may endeavor to continue, and to die at my post. This in what I promised, and to this will I keep. Vive la nation.' 'That i6 what I tell you,1' «,aid Du chcsne. 'It is not that I wish you to do so, but from my fear lest you should compromise yourself.' 'Hush ! Here is some one.' The queen had not lost oue word of thi' last conversation, although carried on in a low voice. Captivity had render ed her hearing doubly acute. The noise which had attracted the at tention of the two guards was fbe sound of several steps approaching the door. It opened, and two municipals entered, followed by the concierge and tome of the turnkeys. 'Well,' they inquired, 'where is the prisoner ?' 'Here «be is,' replied the two gen darmes. 'How is she Jodged 7' 'You can see.' And Gilbert touched the screen. 'What 8o you wish ?' demanded the queen. 'II is the visit of the Commune, Cito yenne Capet.' 'This man in kind,' thought the queen, 'and if my friends— ' 'Very good, very good,' said the inu aiclpals, botli entering the queen's cham ber: 'there is not much ceremony reqni .elte here.' Tho queen did not even raise her head, and it might have been believed, from her impassibility, that she neither saw nor beard them, but fancied herself alone. Tbe delegates of the Commune mriously observed everything around the chamber, rounded tie wainscoating. the bed, shak ing the crating of the window which looked upon the court of the Commune, ani' then, bnvin/t roeommeniied to the pendarroes the utmost vigilance, took their departure without having nd drewsed n word to the queen, who. on her part, seemed hot to have been aware of their presence. CHAPTER XXXV. hk SAIXE PBS PAS-PEBDU6. Toward the decline of the day on which w-! have seen the municipals ho carefully inspecting the queen's prison, a man at tited iu a gray blouse, bin head covered with -a inuijH of black hair, and on liis head oue of those airy bonuete which tben among the people wu.i a ulstiuguiBb iug mark of most exaggerated patriot ism, walked into the large hall so philo sophically termed 'La Salle ties Fas ' Perdus,' and seemed most attentively observing all the goers and comers form ing the general population o'f this ball, n population considerably ? augmented at this period, when actions bad acquired greater importance, and when the only jileadiug was to dispute their heads with tbe. liangman and with Fouquier Tinvillc, tbelr indefatigable purveyor. The attitude assumed .by this man whose portrait vie -are about to sketch «w in very food taste. Society at this epoch was divided into two classes; the In robs and tho wolves. Tbe one natur ally iutpired the other with {ear, since ouc hnlf of society derouyred the other. Our fierce' promenader was rather short, sod wielded in bis dirty black hand one of those knotted cudgels then called 'constitutions.' K fa *rue, tuo luuid .???--? f ? ?' ~ - ' that flourished this horrible weapon j might have ii|i|-e-ired rather small to any one who might aiuuse himself by .icting vis-a-vis to this strange visitor, who arrogated to himself tlie right to do so others, but no one felt the least in clineo to risk it, lor this moo's iwpcct wns far too terrible, indeed, it was sup poneO this man with the cudgel caused mucl disquietude to several groups i-! seribet engaged in the discussion of jniblie affaire, which at this time daily pro grcsaeiJ irom ba/1 to woiuc, or frpitf bet tor t-; better, accoriiiug an they were considered in a coimarvutlre or rcvolu tionnrj point of view. Tucw valorous folki- looked askance) u.t his black licnnl. hi* preoiM eyes surmounted by overluiiip ing --ynhro«-B of tufted hair, nnd '.rcni bled ivheuever tho jiromeniide uf the niichtj patriot (a promcunde tlie ivlmle. lougtl. of the hall) ibroughl them in near contact with e«cli other. This ter ror n-iu: eugnienteid when encli time llify nan- him npprnnchiug. or even looted a-t bim too nttejitively, the mftn THE MAS WITH THE CUDGEL. with the cudgi-l struck (with its full weight upwi the luireiuimt his powerful wvupou, which almost tore up the btonca uihj.i wliicb U full with sonorous and clflhliiu^ Hounu. But it was not only tht'ao brave men among the scribes, de signaled generally as the 'ratfi of Paris,' «iio received this formidabl'ie im |!rc-i-iiiiii; it wns also tha various 'ndivi: duals wiio entered Lft Salle des Pas h'niw by the great door, or through soiut- of its narrow voimturiep, who iilno quickened their puce on perceiving the innji with the cudgel, who obstinately t'ontiniicd lii« jourueiy from one md of tli- hnll tii the. other, finding each mo ment some pretext for dashing his wea |io,i on the pavement, if the writers hnd been lest- timorous and the promeuader.^ more cleaf- ftiglited, they would have ilisciivcred that our patriot, capricious like all eccentric or extreme natures, «I«!«red to evince, a preference for certain flag-stones, those for instance situnted u little distance from tbe wdll on the i-ght neni the center of the hull, emitting n clpar and riiurimr sound. He even finished Ity conct'iilruting his anger upon some iwrticular stones in the center of the In II. At the same time, be ho 'ar forgot himself ae to stop and measure with hi» eye something in the distance. True, it vrm u momentary absence only, and lie immediately resumed bis former oxpres siou. which a gleam of pleasure had for a moment obliterated. Almost at the same (iiDiueut uuothcr patriot— for at this epoch every one wore his opinions on hi« forehead, or, rather, on his dress almost at the same moment, say we, another patriot entered the door of th.» gallery, and without appearing the lea ft in tbe world to partake of the fear generated by the former necunant, began to cross the hall at a pace equal to BIf own, so that in the centre of the promenade they encountered each other. The new arrival had, like the former, a hiiry bonnet, a stray blouse, dirt; bands, and in one of them a cudgel ; indeed, in addition he carried fl sword, which struck against the rtouce at every step, and, on the whole, Ue appeared a greater subject lor terror than his predecessor. The first . bad an air of ferocity, the last seenied, replete with sinster cunning. Although these two men appeared to belong to the same came, uud partook of the same opinions, the assembly ven turec- to watch the result, not of their meeting, for they were not walking in the same line, but their approach to waru each other. At tbe first turn tbe- were disappointed, as tbe patriots contented themselves with exchanging looks. ; at the same time, the smaller of thi two turned slightly pale, only from an involuntary movement of tbe lip* it was evident it was not caused b.7 fear but by nausea. However, at the second turn, as if the patriot bad made a violent effort, his countenance, till now so overcast, cleared up sud denly, and Something like a smile passed over his lips as he inclined slight ly to the left, with the evident inten tior of stopping tbe second patriot on nix course. Near the centre they joined ?eacl- other. ': Eh, pardien ! Tiere is the Citizen Simon,' said the first patriot. ' Himself. But what do you want with the Citizen Simon? and vho are you, first 7' ' tl seems, then, that you do not know me 7' ' It seems, tben, that you do not reason— I never saw you.' ' Not recognize me !— when I had the honor to carry the head ot tbe Princess Lamaballc !' At these woeds, pronounced with aav agc fury, and uurstius passionately from tbe mouth of the patriot, Simon started. 'You?' said he .'you?' 'Well, thut is surprising! I thought that you would remember your friend belter than that, faith! Ab, citizen, you have forgotten me !' ' That is all very well,' said Simon ; ' but I 8o not recognize you.' ' It Is n great privilege to act as guardian to the yoiinir Cniiet : it brings you into notice. Ae for myself, I both know and esteem you.' ' Ah ! Thauk you.' 'It is pot that. Are you taking a wall 7' ' Yen ? I atu n-niting for eoine one. And you ?' ' I also.' ' What is your nome ? I will make mention of you at the club.' ' I am called Theodore.' ' What- else 7' ' Nothing else ; is not that quite suf ficient 7' ' Oh, perfectly. Who are you wait ing for, Citizen Theodore 7' ' A frleDil to whom I wish to make a pretty little denunciation.' ' Indeed ! Tell 'me, then.' 'A whole covey of aristocrats.' 'What are their names?' ' No, indeed ; I only tell that to my friend.' ' Tou arc wrong ; for here Is mine ad vancing toward us, wbo it seems to me, ie sufficiently acquainted with busi ness to settle at once all this affair.' ' Fouquler Tinvillc !' cried tbe first patriot. ' Jin one lias, cher ami. ?' That's all right.' ' yes. Good-day, Citizen Fouquier.' Foiiqnier Tinville, calm and pale, opening wide, according to habit, his large block eves, shaded by Iiie bushy eyebrows, at this moment entered by a dooi at tbe end of the hull, his register in nife land, and a bundle of pnpers undei hie arm. ' Good-day, Simon,' «sjd he ; '' any tninfc new?'' 'Several things. The first, a de nunciation from Citiien Theodore, who carried the head of the Princess Lam bulle. I will introduce him to you.' Fouquier fixed his scrutinizing glance upou tbe patriot, who, notwithstanding his strong nerves, felt rather uneasy while undergoing this examination. ' Theodore !' said he ; ' and wuo te TheyJore 7' ??]/' uaid the uiiiu in the blouse, ,. ' Tou carried the head ot the Princess luniballe 7' said the jmblic accuser, with a great expression of doubt. ' ' I Rue. St. Antonine.' -' But I know a parson who boasts . thai he did so,' said Kouquier. ' I know ten,' replied the Citizen 'J'hco- - dure, courageously ; ' but, indeed, a« the) all make some demand, and I n.sk j nothing, at least, I ought to have the ! preference, 1 hope,' i Thi.' reply excited Simon's laughter, ?'i I dispersed the cloud ou the accuser's brow. ? i:ight,' said he ; ' nnd if you did nor do it, yon ought to have 00111' to. lint leave me now ; Simon ha* soini' buxi u» to trunsnet with me.' Theodora retired, rather wounded ? by the frankness of the public accuser. ' One moment' cried (Simon. ' Do .you send him nwny so; let us first Iiear hi« deiiiiiicintion.' ' Ah I' said Fouquier Tinville, with 1111 absent air, 'a denunciation?' 'Yes; b covey,' replied Simon. ' Al! in good time. Speak— what is the matter now 7' 'A)i! uot much-, only the Chevalier de Mninon Rouge and some of his friends.' Fouqnier advanced a «tep, while Simon raised his arms toward linavcu. ' U thif- the trutb V' they exclaimed, both tugether. ' The pure truth ; will you take tlwin 7' 'Directly. Where arc they?' ' I met the Chevalier de Mnison Rouge in La Rue de In Grande Tiwuuderie.' 'You are mistaken; he is not in Paris,' replied Fouquier. ' 1 tell you I have seen him.' ' itnnoKuiblc ; they have sent a hun dred men 'in pursuit of him ? he would not chow himself in the streets of Paris.' ' Jt was him,' eaid tlic pntrfut. ' Very brown, and a uenroVlike a hear.' Fntiquier shrugged his shoulders dis dainfully. ' More folly,' raid he ; ' the Ohernlier de MaiMiu Rouge i« short, pale and has uol the sign of a beard.' Tbe patriot dropped his wenpon with un air o! consternation. ' Never mind, your good intention was all the same. Come, Simon, we must both make ha«tc : they require the regiftor, this is the time for the inrts.' ' Well, there is nothing new ; the eliild is well.' The- patriot turned his back thnt he might not appear indiscreet, but rc muincd in a position which enabled him to listen. ' I will go,' said be, ' lest I should intrude.' 'Adieu!' said Simon. 'Good-day,' said Fouquier. ' Toll you friend, that you were deceiv ed,' added Simon. ' Well. I shnll wait.' And Theodore removed to a Rhort dis tance, nnd stood resting on his cudgel. 'So the child goes on vsvll ?' Ruid Foiiqnier : 'but the rest?' ' I mold him to my will.' 'Ho will sjieak, then?' ' When I choose.' ' I think he will be afraid, in the trial ot Antoinette.' ' I think not : indeed, I am sure?' Theodore wns leaning againstl n pillar, his eyes directed toward the Jour. Unt Ma eye was wandering, while his cars wer( erect nud uncovered under the hairj' bonnet he worse. Perhnjis he sa«- nothing-, hut most assuredly he hfiiru fometbiup. ' Roflect well,-' snid Fouquir. ' and So no' make what is termed a blunder of tbia commission. You feel sure that Cepet will speak ?'' 1 He will say all tnat I require.' ' Has he told you what we are going t ? n«k him ?' ' He has told me.' 'It is importuut, Simon, that you sloulti promise this ; the child's evidence is fntul to the mother.' 'j count upou that, pardicu!' 'There will have been nothinvequal to it since the intimacy between \ero nnt1 Narcisee. Onoc more, reflect, Sin: on.' ' One would fancy you took me /br a brute, rejreatiug constajitly the same thing. Take this as an example; when I put lenther'in water it becomes pup pic does it not 7' ' But— I do not know,' replied Fou quier. ' It becomes soft, then. Well, in my Lands the little Capet becomes supple as the softest leather. I huve my own method for that.' ' It may be »o.' said Fouquire. 'Have you anything else to say 7' ' I forgot. There is a denunciation.' ' Again ? You will overwhelm me wjte business,' eaid Fouquier. ' Out must 6erye the country.' Simon presented a small paper, block at the leather he had just mentioned, but certainly leas supple. Fouq«ict re ceiveci it a*ad read tbe contents. 'Again the Citizen Louis; you have a great hatred for this man.' ' I am always at daggers drawn with him. He said, * Adieu, madamc,' *o n woman who saluted him from a window ytiterday evening. To-morrow I 'jojic to give you a little Information con ABE THE CBOWBAH AND PISTOLS SAFE cerning another ' suspect ' ; that Mau ris ? who was municipal at the temple wLeu that affair of the red carnation occurred.' ' Precisely, precisely,' said Fouquier, smiling at Simon. He held out his hand, and tbcn turned away with an eagerness that evinced lit llr favor toward tbe shoemaker. ' What the devil do you want more ? Many have been guillotined for muck less.' 'Patience,' replied Fouquier, qulelly; 'everything can not be done at the same time ;' and he passed quickly tL rough the wicket. Simon looked round for the Citizen Theodore, to console himself with him. H; was no longer to ho seen. He had hardly gone beyond the western iron cnir when Theodore reappeared at tlie corner of a writer's but. The occupant of the hut accompanied him. ' At what hour are the iron gates clotva 1' said Theodore to this inuu. * At five o'clock.' ' And then who,t do they do here 7' ' Kotbing ; the hall remains uuipty til! to-morrow.' ' No rounds, no visits V ' No, monsieur, our barracks arc locked.' 1 he word ' monsieur ' made Theodore. ki/it his brows and look around with de fiance. 'Arc the crowbar and pistols safe in the barracks 7' eaid be. ' Yes, under the' carpet.' ' Return home, then. Apropos, show me again the chamber of the tribunal tbnf las nut a grated window, and looks upon the court ueur La Place Daiii)h;nc.' ' To the left, between tbe pillars under the lantern.' ? On now, and have the horse ready at tlit place assigned.' ? . THE CHEVALIER de MAISON ? ROUGE CHATTER XXXV.— OoNTimrEn. ' A glorious chance ! a glorious chiincc! Depend fully upou me.' 1 Now in your time. No ouc is look ing ? Open the barrack.' ' It's done, monsieur; I will pray for you.' ' It is not for mo you ought to pray. Adieu.' Anr. the Citizen Theodore, after an eloquent look, glided so adroitly under ' the low roof of the barrack, that lie ; disappeared like the bhadow of (he ; wiii'.cr who closed tbe door. The worthy nrriui' drew Jhe key from the lock, took some papers under his arm, and went on-, of tbe vast «aloou with the delightful thought that the otrnlif of five would , disperse all these registera like on ar- ! rear guard of idle bees. CHAPTER XXXVI. THE CITIZEN TIIHODORE. The Immense salouu was iushrouded by the gray veil of night, of which the wretched echoes had lunrued to rc]-cn,t tbi' Bevere wordo of the advocates And the suppliant ones of the plcndcra. From aim. in the distance, in tbe midst ol th' obscurity, upright uud immovable, a white column, seemed watching, in the centre of the hall, like a phantom :-ro- teetoj over the sacred place. The only , noiao heard in this darkness was the 1 nibbling uud gul!o]-iug uf inuumembie rots, who rummaged the papers mclos e.I in the writer's huts, having lirst pt net rated as fur us this sanctuary of Themis (an academician, so called), and the loose, clashing keys, which -appeared to proceed from under the ground, hut all this only reverberated in tlie die taccfc; and nothing resembling a noise ever interrupted the silent Jarkness, whicl was not even broken upon by the apparition of a stir. Host niiquestioii aulj much terrpr.was occasioned 11 1 this hour by the saloon of a pa-laee, whose vntllf of the exterior were yet stained with the blood of the victims of Sep tember— whose staircases had witnessed the descent in one day of twenty-five hi. mnt beings condemned to an iguouiiui 011s death, and crp;.,atcd ouJy by a fc-v feet from the cell.-* of the conciergeric peopled with blenched skeletons. Not wiUistflndiiiR, iu the middle of this friffbtful nipht-in (lie midst of this dl mnst solemn «ih' ..e, a low 'grindjng wa.- heard ; the door of a writer's hut '.turned Upon its creaking hinges, :ind a slmilow, darker than the shadow of nielli, glided cniitiou-lv out jjf tlie !«ir rack. Then the flerc patriot we lmve hiarc' addressed 11 i 'Monsieur,' but wlio cr.l(e-'- himself TUeodoro, stepped iijrlitly over the uneven stones. He held .11 his rifrbr hand u, |)onderous iron Jever, nud i with his left in his belt to ascertain tho safety of his Oouble-barrelcd pistol. I ' I reckoned twelve atones to this port : of the cell, and here is the uud of the . first, ? murmured he, and, as lie calculat ed, gro]iinfi with- the point --5 hifi Soot, : to discover the chinks which time had ! rfLiiered dnily more perceptible. i ' Let me see,' said lie, slopping ;. 'have I taken my measurement correctly ? SbaH 4 possess strength, sufficient? And ebe— will she have the courage ? Oh, . yes. her courage is known to me; Oh, j- mon Dieu 1 mon Dieu!' wiien I shnll 4nke ; h«-. hand— when I can say, ' Madame, you are saved !' ' He snddenly paused, as if crushing this hope., beneath his feet. 1 Ah !' replied he. ' fearful nnd foolish j pr- ject. Tliey say the others hid them I sehet under their bed-clotlies, or cou 1 tei-ted themselves by roaminrf about drtfsed bs lackeys, nil— it is, that I -iot only desire to serve the queeu, but the woman. Well, to work ; we will sum u.i the whole. To raise the stone is notliing, to leave it open is the danger . —they may perhai» come the rouuds ; ; but yet tjipy never do so. Tiiey can not suspect anything, for I have not any accomplice, and what is required vcilh an nrioi like mine to overcome tbe dnrk passage ? In three minutes I am undcf her chamber ; in five minutes I raise the stone which is on the hearth. Sbi' will hear me working, but has too mw !i firmness to feel alarmed ; ou the . contrary slie will understand that a ! friend is near, and laboring for her de- j livtrance. She is guarded by two men ! wbo will doubtless hasten to the sj-ot. WV1I, after all,' said the patriot, with a melancholy smile, looking first at the weapon concealed in his girdle, and iben a1 the one,lie held poised in his 'land, ' e double' shot from this pistol, or a ccnple uf strokes from this iron bar. Poo,- creatures .' they will die like others not more culpable than themselves.' And Che Citiien (Theodore resolutely prcwed the lever between the chinks of ttv flag-stones. At .this momeut a vniil light gleamed like a ray of gold screw the stones, and a noise, repeat ed bj the echoes of the vault, caused the conspirator to turn, and then with II single bound lo conceal himself in the stall . Soon voices, weakened by the diftance, un! softened ny the emotion es-pcrienced by every one at night in a large *-uil desolate building, reached tbe cars of Theodore. He stooped down, and through an. aperture in the utall perceived first a man in military cos tume, whose large saber, dangling against tlie pavement, partly produced tin! sound which had attracted his at tention; then a .man in a pistachio coinred suit, holdiug a rule in 'lis hand nnd a roll of papers under bis arm. Thirdly, a man in a large waistcoat of rateen anfl fur bonnet ; and 'astly, a fourth, with wooden shoes and a bluse. Tue iron gate, Des Mercicrs, ground -ipon iff. sonorous hinges, rattling the chain intended to keep it ojien during the day. The four men entered. .1 rouau, iiuuriuurvu j uuuuorc. uou b: praised) five minutes later and I elciild Iiave been ruined.' He tbcn, with the utmost attention, endeavored to recognize the individuals who composed the round— indeed, three of them were known to him. He vflio walked first,, clud iu the costume of a general, vrim Henriot ; the man in the hairy bonnet wais Itichard, the con cirrge, and the man in the blouse was, in all probability, a turnkey. But the run 11 in the pistachio-colored coat he -ind never seen— he won totally unknown to him. Who or what could this nnn he 7 au«' what brought, at ten o'clock at night to do the Salic des Pas-Pcrdus, the ureutrfll of the Commune, the guardian of the conclergerie, n turkey, nnd this man in.l'nnwm? Thi- fiitiien Theodnrn *o. mm tied kneeling, with one land' on his loudeu pistol, while with the other he replaced his bonnet, wliich his precipit out movement, bad sumew'iat Jin ai- iaiigcd. Up to this moment tho nocturnal vlsi^ tors had kept fiilejit, or, if they had, spuken, tlicir word* uad not reached the i'iim of the conspirutor, but, wheu about ten fj»ees from his lurking place, lieu riot fjHike, and his voice was distinctly lenrd by the Citizen Theodore, '' Wo nre nww,' said Ue,- ' in the Satlo des Pus-Po|i-dus. It Ik for you now to gi.We us, Citizen Arehitect, uud to eu tlcuvor to convince us thai, your revela tion is no idle story, for, you sec, tbe revolution lias done justice to all this fcllj, anil we believe no more iu tbe.se subterranean (passages than in ghosts. What do you say, Citiion lUclin 1 ?!' iid ded Hcoriot, turning toward the mm in tli- fur bonnet aud rateen vest. ' I have never said there was any, subterranean ^mssage under the ,con clergcrle,' sojd be, ' Thero la Grac clufc, who has been turnkey for ten yean, and, consequently, i« ucquniated witli the whole of the conclergerie, nnd he ignores the existence of the vault of which tho Citizen Olrand has spoken. However, as tbe Citizen (Si mud is the ciV architect, lie ought to know bet ttoui auy of us, It is his biwi^css.' Theodore skiverod from head to 'oot -^ — - 01 hearing these word*. ' Fortunately' murmured he, ' tte ndIooi is large, and before they Hud what they search tor, two days at ieant mus- expire.' But the architect opened his great ion ot japers, put on his spectacles, 0110. kuelt down to examine more 'ully the utuu by tbe trembling light of the lantern which Gracchus held in ltiu hand. 1 1 fear,' uaid Henriot, ironically, 'that the Citizen Gfraiid has been dreaming.' 'You will see, Citizen General, if I nin a dreamer. Wait a Iittlc-wa.it.' ' You see, we oro waiting,' said Hen riot ' Good I' said the architect ; and be fcegaL to calculate. *' Twelve and four make sixteen,' said he, ' and :iglit are twenty-four; which, divided hy wx, make* four, and then half rcmuine -,.tliat is it I mointnin my opinion, and, if I ict deceived, call me an ignoramus, thafs nil ' The architect pronounced these words with an assurance which terrified the Citizen Theodore. Henriot regarded the plan with a spicien of respect, xcciug he admired nioii- than he comprehended it. ' Now, follow what 1 say.' ' Wlicre ?' said Henriot. ' .Upou- the chart which' I have drawn. P/irdi«u! here we nre. Three loot from tin wajl is u movable atone I hove mark et' A ; do you sec 1' 'Certainly, Isee A,' said aenriot. ' Do you think I do not know how to read 7' \Unaer this stone,' continued the architect, ' is a staircase ; do you see 7 It it marked B.' ? P.!' said Henriot; 'I see B, !jut I do not see the staircase ;' anil the general smiled at his own focetiousness. ' Wbon once the stone is raised, the fool once upon the etep, couut fifty paces looked up, and you; will find youn sc» exactly at tlte register where the subterraneous passage terminates, yass in(,r under the cell of the queen.' 'Capet's widow, you mean. Citizen Girnud,'' said Heuriot, knitting, his browB. '? Yes, Capet's widow.' 'Why did you say the queen?' 'Tlie old custom.' ' You say, then, it may be found under the register?' demanded IMchard. 'Kot yuly iu th? register, but ilso I will tell yon in uhut part you will discover it ; under the stone.' *? That is curious,' Kiiid Gracchus, 'tor I hnve noticed thnt overy time I drop (K-c! n 7og in that plnce the stone re eounded. In whort, if Are find your statement correct, Citizen Architect, I eliul! ]-ronovmce geometry n fine ihiug.' 'Then declare it, Citizen Ueuriot, for I an. now going io conduct j-ou to the pls.cn indicated by thi1 letter A.' The Citiren Theodore made his nails ,iierce his flwli. ' When I have seen it,' said Hcuriot, ' when I have «eeu it ; I rather resem ble St. Thomas.' ' Ah ! you suid St. Thomas.' ' Yes, ns you suid ' the q'neen,' from mere haliit ; but they cim uot lecuse me of con-|iiriuK with him.' '? Nor I with tli« queen.' After this retort the architect lelicate ly placed bis rule, reckoned the distance, tbci; stopped, having apparently fini.ib his his calculation, and struck upon a particular stoue. This was the identi cu' stone struck by tlie Citizen Tlieo don in his fit of frantic rage. 'It is here, Citizeu General,' said the architect. 'You fancy so, Citizen Girnud.' Our concealed patriot so far forgot himself as to strike his thigh with his clinched, iioiid, v.itb difficulty sujinrcBS iug a deep groan. 'I 0111 positive,' said Giraud; 'aud your examination, combined with my report, will prove to the Convention I have not been deceived. Yes, Citieeu General,' continued the architect, with cmpbnsis, 'this stoue opens upou a subterranean passage, terminating at the register, and pussiug below the cell of the Widow Capet. Let us raise the stone, descend with me, and. I will convince you that two men, even oue man, could effect a rescue in a single night without u.uyoue suKjiecting it.' A murmur of terror and admiration, elicited by the architect's words, ran through the group and faintly reached the Citizeu Theodore, who seemed turned to stone. 'Look alt the danger we run,' con tinued Giraud. 'Well, uow, with a Kvat iug which' I edall place iu the middle of this underground passage, before it reaches the cell of the Widow Capet, I shall save the country.' 'Ah, Citieeu Henriot,' said Giraud, 'that is an idea bordering on the sub lime.' 'Perdition seize you, addle-pnted tool!' grumbled the patriot, with rdoubled fury. 'Now, raise the stone,' said the archi tect to the Citizeu Gracchus, who, in addition to a lunteru, carried a crow bar. He commenced his work, and in a sec ond the Ktonc wus raised. The passage appeared open, with the staircase lost iu its profundity, while the moist air es caped like a pestilent vapor. 'Another nbortivc attempt,' mur mured the Citizen Theodore. 'Alas ! Heaven does not will that she shall es cape, and her cause must be. accursed.' CHAPTER XXXVII. THE CITIZEN GRACCHUS. For an instant the three men remain ed petrified at the entrance of the vault, while the turnkey plunged his lantern into the opening without hciug able to pene trate its depth. The architect trium phantly exulted over bis companion? Irom the summit of his genius. 'Well?' suid be at length. 'Ma foi ! yee,' replied Henriot, 'here, incontestubly, is the pnSBnge. It only rcemains to know where it leads to.' '5es,' repeated Richard; 'it remains *o know that.' fWell, then, descend yourself, Citizen Bichard, aud then you will see I have told you the truth.' 'I have something better to do than go in there,' said the concierge. 'We will return with you and the general to the concicrgeric. There you can raise the beortli-stone, and wo shall see.' 'Very well,' said Ueuriot, 'we will return.' ' But .vre must be careful,' said the architect ; ' this stoue remaining un c!ot,co may offer an idea to some one.' ' Who the devil do you imagiue ever come? here at this hour 7' said Ucnriot. ' Besides,' said Richard, 'the ball is deserted, and to leave Gracchus lierc is sufficient. Remain here, Citizeu Grac club, and we will return to you from Ihv other side of tbe subterranean jiusb agc-.' ' Lot 'it be so, then,' said Oracchus, ' Are you armed ?' demanded Hourlot. ' I have my sword and thin crowbar, Citiiei General.' ' Keep strict watch ; in ten minutes n-tf will he with yon.' Auo having closed tbe iron gate, the tbrei took their departure by tho Gal lery des -Mcrciers, to tiud this particular crtrance to the donciergerie. TbiJ turnkey watched their receding footsteps, and followed them with his eye* as ,'.ir as be could see and listen a.i fong as be had anything to liear; they all related Into silence, nnd, sup poeiot' himself in perfect solitude, be placed Ins lantern on the ground, then mi.- down, his logs overhanging the depths ot the vault, and began to dream. The turnkeys did dream sometimes, but did not often trui.ule themselves to ffiud out what wai. tho subject of their dreams. All at once, in the midst pf this profound reverie, be felt a band pressed upon hl.( shoulder. He turned round, mid at tempted, on seeing a stranger, to give th-! alarm, but at the same Instant a jilfitol gleamed before bis eyei. The accents were errutod in his throat, his arm.- fell llellesalv hr I.is side, and hit eyef nfmimed tbe most suppliant ex pifM-ion. ' Not a word,' said the intruder, or jon nre a dead man !' ' What do you want, monsieur? «»iu the turnkey. '*. Eitii 111 '93, there were moments when llcj Mad not sufficiently tutored them selves, and pmitted the say 'Citinon.' ' I wish,' said tbe Citizen Theodore, 'ti be nllowed to enter down there.' 'What for?' ' Never mind.' The turnkey regnrded the person wh» proffered this request with the most profound astonishment ; but iu the incan timi his iaterlocut-ir fancied he detect ed a ray of intelligence on the mans' countenance. He lowered his pistol. ' Do you r*fn?c to mnke your fortune 7' ''I don't know. Hitherto no one baa ever made me a proposition on' the nub feet.' ' Well, then, I will begin.' ' You offer to make my fortune 7 'Yes.' ' Whiit do you menu by a fortune 7' ' Fifty thousaud golden Uvres, for in stance.' ' Money is scarce, aud fifty thousand livre* now are worth a million.' 'Well, I offer you that sum.' ' To go down there ?' *' Yes ; but on condition that you couii- with me, and afford me your as sistance in my undertaking.' ' But what are you going to ilol In five minutes this pasBage will be filled witl- soldiers, who will. arrest you.' The Citizen Theodore was forcibly struck by this argument. 'Can not you prevent the soldiers descending there?' *' I have no moans of doing so ; I know: Done, I search in vain.' Indeed, it was Evident the turnkey taxed all the powers of hie mental cner piei' to discover some means ot realiz ing the sum of fifty thousand livres. 'But,' demanded the Citizen Theo dore ' could we not enter -to-morrow 7' ' Yes ; but to-morrow a grate of iron will be. placed across the passage, oc cupying the whole width, and for the greater security it is arranged that this purtition should be entirely solid, Bud without even a door.' ' Then we must thiuk of something elFt ' said Theodore. 11 Yes ; we must find some other way, sniif the turnkey. It may be seen from the manner in whirl Gracchus had been experimen tulizod 'with, tlint an allinnce was nl rciidy formed between himself and tbe Citizen Theodore. ' What do you do at tbi- conciergerie ?' ' I nm a turnkey.' ? ' What do you do 7' ' I open the doors and shut them. ' Di- you sleep there?' ' Yes, monsieur.' '? Do yon take your meats there 7' ' Kot always. I have my hours of recreation.' '? And then 7' ' J avnil m--sclf of them.' ' What to do ?' '?' Tc pay my respects to the mistress of tbe Cabaret du Puits-da-Noe, who Iims promised to marry me when I am pressed of twelve hundred Traucs.' 'Where is the Cabat du Puits-de,-. Noe 7 ' Near the Rue de la Vieille D.-fljieiic. '? Verv well.' *? Hush, monsieur 1' TI11 patriot listened. ' Ah, ah !' snid he. ' Do you hear?' ' Yes. Voices nnd footsteps.' ' They arc returning.' ' You see, we should not ljave ha3 time.' This momentarily became more evident. ' That is true ; you are a brave youth, citizen, and are, through me, predestin ed-' ' Tc what 7' *'To be rich one day.' ' God grant it !' ? You, then, still believe in God 7' ' Sometimes one thing, sometimes an other. To-day, for example.' ' Well 7' ' I willingly believe.' ' Believe, tben,' Baid the Citizen Theo dore, putting ten louis into tbe man's hand. 'The devil 1' said be, regarding the gold by tlie light of tbe lantern. ' Is it seriouB 7' 'It could not be more eo.' ' What must I do ?' ' Meet me to-morrow at tbe Pnitsfle Noe. I will then tell you whalt I re quire of you. Wiiat is your n&me;\?' 'Gracchus.' . . . a pistol r.i,i:.A.\n;i- hici-ori; mis eyes. ' Well, Citizen Gracchus, get your self dismissed frnin here to-morrow by the Concierge Itichard.' ' Dismissed 1 Give up my place 7' ' Do you reckon on remaining' a turn key, with fifty thousand livres?' ' No ; but being a turnkey aud poor, I am certain of not being guillotiupd.' ' Certain ?' 'Or nearly so; while being free and rich— ' ' You will hide your money, and maka love to a tricoleuse, instead of to tha mistress of Puits-de-Noe 1' 'Well, then, it is settled.' ' Tot-murrow o,t the. cnbarct.' ' At what hour ?' ' At six in the evening.' ' Flee quickly ; there they arc. I tell you to be quick, because, I presume, you descend and go through the arches.' ' To-mnrrow,' repeated Theodore, has tening away. Aud not before it was time, tor the voices and steps approached, and lights were already visible iu the obscurity of the underground passage. Theodore gained the gate indicated by the owner of the hut, then opened th* lock with his crowbar, reached tho window, threw it open, dropped softly into the street, and found himself upon the pavement . of the Republic once again. Before quitting the SoJIc des Pas-Pendus he hoard the Citizen Gracchus again qucs tinned Richard, and ajso his reply. ' The citizen architect woe quite right, passage passes below the chamber of tho Widow Capet, and it was danger ous.' ' I believe It,' said Gracchus ; and in this instant he told tho entire truth. Henriot reappeared at the opening ot tho staircase. ' And tbo workmen, Citizen Archi tect?' demanded he of Giraud. 'Before daybreak they will be here, the supporters fixed, and the gate hung,' replied a. voice which seemed to pro ceed from the bowels of the earth. ' And you will nave saved the coun try,' said Henriot, haJJ in jest, Iialf in earnest. 'You little know the truth of what you say, Citizen General,' murmured Gracchus. CHAPTER XXXVm. THI! ROYAL Cnif.D. la the meantime, as wo have reen in tho chapter preceding, the queen's trial was about to take place. It was al ready surmised that by the sacrifice of this illustrious head, the popular hatred, so long Hinco displayed in murmiirsj would at leugth Ijo satined. The meous were not wajitiD? for the completion To be ooNTimnm. 