CBBKENI LITERATURE. Long ago students of what was called 'The 'Black Apt' were compelled to be Very careful in their conduct. Mother Church claimed a «ort of monopoly of the management of the denizens of the unseen world, and any one calling them from their abodes was. liable to become acquainted wi+ti tha hnrninnr faacrni nnri stilttfi. Ill these modern times' they give anew name to ttie stinly— psychology, being the most comprehensive— and ' spirit rapping, table turning, and interviews with spirits arc among the popular entertainments of the day. Ghosts are spoken of as much aa ever, nnd as a matter of course they find their way into literature. Tom Ossington's Ghost* is quite a circumstantial account of the proceedings of a ghost, which could not only be seen, but felt and heard. He may be said to be the hero of the novel. Two young women, one a clerk at a city store, another a teacher of music and an embryo authoress, reside in Clover Cottage, Wandsworth^-a rather lonely place. The music mistress one evening is on her way cut tor something to tea, wnen a man, rudely enters the hall, shuts* the door, and asks her to give him a lesson in niusic. Rhe asks him to let hei* hoar him play, when he simply enchants her by his style of playing a Minuet of Mozart's. He catches a glimpse of a man looking at him from the roadway, retreats out the back door, and disappears. This mysterious visitor is followed by a strange woman, who raves about ghosts in every room, and almost frightens the girl out of her wits. A midnight burglar adds to her terror. One of the young ladies has a sweetheart who brings home with him a companion. He turns out to be the first mysterious visitor. He has a long story to tell by way of explanation, the purport of which is. that there is a dead man's wealth in the house, hidden some where. The ghost of the owner — Tom Ossingion — is made to appear to be an active agent in the revelation of the fact. A mystic scroll left by the midnight bur glar seems to present a key to the un ravelling of the mystery, and whets euri ositv. At last the dead man's will is found, and it but serves to increase the excitement of the young women and their male visitors. Through the influence of the ghost the treasure is at last dis covered, and as it amounts to £40,000 four impecunious young people are made very happy. It is an incredible story, but an air of probability is imparted to it by the clever style in which it is told. Mr. James Bowden is issuing a series of 'Heart to Heart' little books, which in contents and style and size resemble Coul son M'Kernahan's famous pamphlet on '?God and the Ant.' 'The Soul's Quest''1 is one of the latest, and is in many respects striking. We will not attempt to eluci date the train of reasoning which is fol lowed in it, but prefer to indicate its style and tenor by a few quotations. At the very outset the author says : — ' The experience of a personal com munion with God is as universal as the human race. Aimreciation of the Divine r-ro- sence is more common than appreciation of ait, music, or literature. Men and women who do not respond to music see no beauty in pictures, never read, and could not under stand literature if it were read to them. yet find comfort in sorrow, strength in temptation, courage in danger, and added joy in their enjoyments from the sense of ft Father's presence. In all climates nnd countries, amrtig all races and in all epochs, under nil creeds and tlieoloprios, thi.s experience of communion with the Eternal i!- seen.' ' If the consciousness of Cxod is possible to all healthful souls, why arc so many men and women without this (?onwiou1'- ness ? There are men and women, not a few, who do not want God. They wou'd be very glad to have God if he were always ot their side ; glad to have God if he would always do what they want Him to do. But a supreme will, a masterful will. a will to which they must conform, they do not want. . . . The invisible hnd eternal world does not attract them; their thoughts do not run in that direc tion. . . There are many men who believe that there is a God, and yet live, without any companionship with God, be ciaise they have taken in place of God vhat is divinely intended only to bring them to Him. . . Finally (among hind rances) God is infinite and we are finite; and, at the best, we can only know Him viery little. . . It takes time to grow, and the power of seeing God is a power that must grow like any other power. 'The object of science is, or ought to be, not merely to describe phenomena, and to label and assort them., but to perceive theiT intellectual relations: and that is to perceive the Infinite Intellect which has pre-urranged them, and is revealed in and l-y them. Science thinks the thoughts of God after Him. . . He who would see God must use the faculty with which God is seen: and if he would do this, he riust let men who arc rich in the faculty which perceives the invisible — which looki not at the things which are scon and am temporal, but at the things which arc not soon, and are eternal— guide, teach, and inspire him. In this quest after Goa in human life we must seek for the Divine in the human; for the gold in the ore; for the lowers among the weeds.' ?Tom Omtnraan's Ghost. By Richard Marsh. London: j«ionrBowdeo. ?Tus Soul's Qitrst. By Rev. Lvman Abbott, D,t-., tuttiorof 'The Evolution W Christianity,' to. What m Worth Wmu. By Anna' fWbwtoonHrown author of ''The Victory of Our FWtb,' to, -London: Jarae* Bow4«^H-H»BriettJMrt»eei,W,0, In the same series is 'What ifl Worth While ?'* To us this seems but another form of answering the first question in the Shorter Catechism— ' What is man's chief end?' What is the purpose of life — what aims and objects are worth striv ing for. Hie authoress, an American lady, of Scotch descent, we judge, from her name and the appearance of some Scots words in her little essay, educated at Oxford, begins by asking what may be let go in this modern Btate t She answers: We may let go all tilings which we cannot carry into eternal life : pretence, worry, discontent caused by lack of harmony with one's environment, and dissatisfac tion with one's present opportunities, and self-seeking. On these points she medi tates, and goes on to descant on work — life and work being imperishable — and friendship and love. The writing is plain and simple and very suggestive. Upwards of a year ago there appeared in ' Pearson's Magazine' a series of start ling articles on the social condition of people engaged in industrial pursuits m England. Under their original title, ''The White Slaves of Eng land,'* they have been published in book form which has run through three large editions. It is a companion volume to 'The Cry of the Children/' noticed by us. a few weeks ago. This is a book that poli ticians should read and ponder upon. There is a preface pregnant with suggestive matter, and then follow article's descriptive of the conditions under which alkali work ers, nail-makers, slipper-makers, and tailors, wool combers, whitelead workers, and chain malcfivs nursue their several callings. It is very distressing reading. One cannot think of the men and women and little children compelled by stress of circum stances to live* such cheerless, hopeless lives as are here depicted. The condition of many classes of workers has received the atten tion of Parliament, but any great remedy ol their lot seems impossible. We are not without hope that means may be devised by which the circumstances in which the whiteleiid and alkali workers toil may be unproved. They are in very deed white slaves — reduced by circumstances to slavery, from which it appears they cannot emerge. Let us hope mechanical means of carrying on such dangerous work may be discovered, and that whole families may be sent out to Queensland to lead healthy, happy, hopeful lives. 'Tub Wiiitk Siaves of Esol nd : Being true picture* of certain social conditions in the Kingdom of England in the year 1897. Ry Robert Harborouirh Sherard- author of 'Jacob Niemand,' &o.-; London: James Bowden. 1898. Tlie ' Daily News' ' Paris correspondent telegraphs : — M. and Madame Chenay have been again before the civil tribunal. They are a couple whose united ages would amount to 105, the lady being eighty and the otlicr five years older. Visitors to Hauteville House, in Guernsey, in Victor Hugo's lifetime would be sure to see her there acting as caretaker in his absence. She was the sister of JItidaine Victor Hugo. Chenay was an engraver of some reputation. They parted company in 1861, she living in Guernsey and Brussels, and he in Paris. Some questions of pecuni ary interest led the engraver to sue lor this de facto separation to be turned into a legal one. He pleaded that slie had taken away the common funds, left him In poverty, and refused to return to the con jugal domicile. She took crossproceed ings against him. The affair came on a, year ago. The judge asked them seriously whether it was worth while continuing the quarrel, and gave them time to tliinK. over his advice to make up and be friends. But a couple of their age who have been thirty-six years separated do not easily forget and forgive. The suite came on again. Maitre Albert Clemenceau pleaded for Madame Chenay. She has come out in flying colours, has obtained the separation she asked for, and an allowance out ot a small fortune into which Chenay came a few years ago. 