WILD EELIN : HER ESCAPADES, ADVENTURES, AND BITTER SORROWS. By WILLIAM BLACK. Author of 'A Daughter of Heth,' 'A Princess of Thule,' ' Madcap Violet,' 'In Far Loohaber,' ' White Heather, ' 'Stand Fast, Craig- Royston,' 'Highland Cousins,' &c;, &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the Author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XXI.— 'Cam' Seeking Me To Woo. o !» There was an ominous gloom preceding - this luncheon. The leaden morning had turned to rain— aBolid, heavy, steady, downpour; the trees stood erect aud motionless, not a leaf stirring, as if they ? had been moulded out of some sombre metal : all the color had gone from the world ; the river was dark and drumly ; the houses, roads, and embankments displayed me aauie memncaoiy nue ; me im pending heavens were livid and ieatureleBs and bearing down on the earth asjwith the obscura tion of an eclipse ; the distant woods and the cultivated uplands and the higher hills beyond hod almost disappeared behind the watery veil. Not a bird chirped in the bushes; tbe Beagulls had all fled away back to the Moray Firth;1 the patient oxen out in the fields had drawn nearer to the hedge at the end of tbe garden, but indeed there was little shelter for them. _ The dining-room was dismal, wanting its usual display of- flowers. And yet, a? thefforenoon wore on, the loftier slopes.bf*ae Castle, hill; eeemed to be looking at something ^afar off— Beemed to be conscious of some light somewhere ; there came a warmth into the, grey ?white tone of the ekies, wet f# they were; in time there was a faint sugges tion of silver here and there as tho rain lessened and lessened ; the blackbirds began to 'click-oliok !' in the laurel bushes ; over by the Devil's Kim, under the drooping rowans and alders, one could almost have imagined that a trembling ray of sunshine had wandered down to_ touch the stealthy current : the air grew milder and more mild to the cheek ; the skies were lifting; here and there a streak of faint turquoise-blue declared itself overhead ; a stirring of southerly wind wont through the leaves, and they seemed to be shaking them selves dry ; and at last, with the Castle bill lighting up to a rich golden green and with a shivering of diamonds on the river, and with a universal jubilation in hedgerow and shrub bery,, the splendor burst forth and spread far and wide, while a rainbow spanning the ,Bl-wk Isle announced the retreat of the storm. And with the breaking up of the heavens and the announcement of a glorious duy there simultaneously entored the drawing-room of Glengarva House a young man, himself efful gent, radiant, and jocundly smiling; ho was very smartly dressed too, if rather in a horsey fashion ('woil-groorced,' Eolin said to herself contemptuously); aud at once, when he had sat down, he began to entertain tho two ladies with an account of various recent escapades and experiences of his own, which he appeared to regard as humorous. His talk was inaiuly addressed to Mrs. Macdonald, who responded with tho gracious courtesy she extended to everyone ; but all the while his admiring looks were bent upon Miss Eelin, who did not quite so graciously respond. Of course, when he spoke to her direct she had to turn to him, and he seemed perfectly unaware that the measured civility of her manner and the calm observa tion of her eyes spoke only too clearly of the immense distance that lay between him aud her. The proud beauty of her features, the somewhat haughty expression of the lines of her lips, in nowise abashed him — nay, they rather attracted him; they tantalised him'; this jade was jvorth the winning ! Aud so he went on — after his apologies for having come too early ; beaming he was and self-satisfied and happy and facetious ; he knew he was a devil of a fellow to fascinate the other sex. But how quickly her demeanor changed when there appeared at the door of the drawing room a tall, broad-shouldered, fair-haired, un couth-looking student, whoso apprehensive shyness seemed to precede him as he advanced. And of course she was the first to meet him and welcome ; and now it was ? 'Ob, Mr. Gilchrist, how grateful I am to you ! You have said in the Observer just what I was thinking ! Will they see it, do you think? — the safs— the cowards— to insult a woman like that ! It was so kind of you ! And I hope the writing did not keep you up too late !' At this moment tho mamma interposed to introduce her guests, and with a single glance the two men seemed to tako the measure of each other ; then they all of them trooped into the dining-room aud took their places — & garlic carric. And again Wild Eelin showed clearly enough in which direction she was determined to bestow her favor, for she turned aside from the continuous and oomplaeent egotisms of the young peer and did her very best to amuse her other neighbor. Nor was it difficult, for he was a quickly responsive audience ; his low, quiet laugh followed her all through her merry cantrips ; and merry indeed she was, with all sorts of reckless paradoxes and mischievous j inventions^ and impossible stories. Is it true that any Englishman ever remonstrated with an American for his interest in antiquities, in forming him that there was nothing in Europe half so old as the Americau young man ? Who was the American, on the other hand, who ob served that the feature which had most impressed him in England was the gigantic forests, and, on being asked by an amazed Englishman what were these forests, replied— chestnuts ! Which was the South American Republic that adver tised in the newspapers as an attraction to visitors 'Revolutions got up while you wait?' These mad things flew about ; and Archie Gil christ laughed to himself as it were; and Mountmahon looked puzzled— but none the less did he direct adoring glances towards the wilful, wayward, nimble-witted lass who seemed to be filling all theatmosphere with play ful summer lightnings. Nor did the warm and adoring glances escape the observation of the other guest ; and well could he surmise what was portended by them — it was not for him to harbor any protest ; only there came back into his mind a dim, strange, half- pathetic wish he had formed that his mother, the old woman in Dingwall, should for a brief minute or so gaze upon, and perhaps say a word to, this brilliant and beautiful creature who had for a season honored him and lifted him up out of his proper station by an acquaintance that he knew must end. That his mother and Eelin Macdonald, I of Kinvaig, could meet and look upon each other— thab was now the summit of his ambition ; and thereafter? — well, the Cape Mounted Police most likely, and a haunting forgetfulness of the land of glens and hills. Luncheon over, they returned to the draw ing-room, and here again 'White Cockade' continued her erratic flights of jesting and raillery and sarcasm, for she was in a gay mood ; and if the droop of Lord Mountmahon's underlip showed that he did not always com prehend, nevertheless his delighted eyes could dwell on the animated color other nomnlexion. and the audacity of her demeanor, and the handsome set of her head, even when it was turned away from him, as -it generally was. But in time he grew fidgetty ; he looked at his watch once or twice, and at length he said ? 'I'm sure you'll pardon me, Mrs. Mac donald ; but you know I told you I had to leave by the 3 o'clock steamer ; and if you wouldn't mind giving me a couple of minutes' quiet talk— out there in the garden ? ' She rose at once in gentle acquiescence ; and Archie Gilchrist, not quite knowing what were the usages of polite society, rose also and said he would bid her good-bye ; whereupon Wild Eeliu outdid all her previous effrontery. 'Are you going into the town, Mr. Gil christ ?' she said in her most innocent fashion. ' If you wait a moment till I get my Tarn I'll walk in with you— I've a heap of things to do in the shops.' And thus it was that the party was broken up — Mountmahon and his hostess passing out by the French window on to the lawn, where they could converse undisturbed. 'Gilcbrisli, did you say— Gilchrist ?' asked his lordship when they were out of hearing. 'Rum-looking card. Too intelligent for a nob and . too modest for a snob— should take him tq.be a kind of newspaper Johnny.' 'Mr. Gilchrist is on the staff of the Inver nish Observer?' responded his companion, who, poor souljW&sftU; in a flutter— she guessed what was coming.' ? ? 'Hah ! I have an eye, you see,' continued his lordship, who was evidently .highly pleased with the success of his conjecture. 'I'm not blind. I can twig. And I shouldn't be sur prised, now,' he proceeded more warily, ?if there wan something between those two '!' . . ??' Between— ?— V .?'??' 'Yes; between your daughter and this newspaper chap— they seem pretty thick.' He did not turn to her with this enquiry ; he was pressing down a daisy or two with the toe of his boot. - ' '. ' 'Oh, butlcanassuceyou, LordMoiintmanon, there is nothing of that kind at all— oh no !' the mother said with perhaps unnecessary em phasis. 'Mr. Gilchrist' is quite a recent acquaintance, ; But Eelin and he have mtipb'ip oommon— literary schemes and ap forth ; 'and; they see. a good de&Kof; each other, no dpubtf jbiit there ?a nothing J^ydrid^^ -; ^We^nptyipy'^^^ &rj;»id witft ftispdw burbt priraulrtfcafc :-*' It there's no one eteo in the way I want to makt your daughter thy wife— there's tho truth plump and plain ; fair, square, and aboveboard — that's my motto. And I must have you on my side— that's what I've oome for to-day; it's to secure your help, your advocacy ; you must be on my side, don't you know, and then everything will go on as right as a trivet. Oh, I know there are objections,' he went on, for he noticed that involuiiarily she had glanced at the mourning band on his arm. 'Too suddenly— too unexpected — that's what every well-conducted young lady is expected to ex claim ; but supposing we take all that for granted and come to business. Strike whila the iron's hot— that's my motto. If a certain ' '-. unfortunate accident is though t to be too recent — ob, well, it'll soon be forgotten ; and I want your help, my dear lady — your persuasion, fot there's no time like the present ; you only live once ; and if you let opportunities slip through your fingers, why, some other fellow steps in, don't you see.' 'Bub, Lord Mountmahon,' Eelin's mother protested— and she was nervous and anxious and agitated, though she had clearly foreseen that this responsibility would be thrust upon her, 'how can I do- what you ask? It is fai too_a serious a matter. Eelin must judge fot herself— I dare not interfere. My life has been devoted to her ; her happiness is* my constant thought day aud night ; aud if any advice of mine were to be ill-judged, were to lead to some terrible disappointment, how could I bear that ?' 'Oh, come, come,' he said good-humoredly. ' Disappointment 't — why — where — how— what? I would take pretty good care of hen you may depend ; and I've knocked about— I know a trick or two ; I tell you she shall have the best of everything. And I'm not such s bad sort of a cuss — with a little reform thrown in ; and that's what I am bent on — yea, I am; make it worth my while and I'll do anything— in reason. In reason, of course. Champagne, now ; they do say 1 drink too much cham pagne, and that I'll have gout and lumbago and sciatica and every mortal kind of torn- . foolery sooner or later. Well, I'll stop now— yes, I will. Excellent [opportunity— a sufficient inducement. Is'ot a drop more. Oh, I cau practice self-denial when 1 choose — yes, I can ; blessed if I driuk another drop of champagne. Beer for breakfast, claret at luncheon, a good old port at dinner, and one or two whiskies and soda to finish up the night with— but not a drop of champagne. Then there's the fisti cuffing crew ; I'll have done with them— yes, I will, though it may be a tough job ; they're a roughish lot, and if I drive them off they'll try to do me a mischief, I am well aware of that. But when youth and beauty calls you've got to buck up ; and I imagine your daughter wouidn'tcare to come into contact with such an unruly gang. Then there's my gee-gees; capital excuse for getting rid of those old crooks — horsehair trunks that have been foisted on me when 1 was half-screwed. I'll retire from the turf altogether— yes, I will — anything to please her— when the engagement is settled ? ' 'But, Lord Mountmahon, you don't know Eeliu !' the mother exclaimed^ ' ' Haven't I two eyes ?' he retorted. 'But— but ? ' 'No, no; no more ' but— buts' ' he said with a most conquering smile. 'You know quite well most girls would like the position: and she shall have me for her humble and most obedient slave. And I can look after her ; you trust me. Ask auyoae who knows me whether I can order a dinner or not ; just ask them; can I order a dinner or can't 1J And do you think 1 would lug her away ta some foreign country to stars at mountains and old castles ? Not nle ! What do 1 cars about mountains, or old castles either ? A tidy suite of rooms at the Old Ship at Brighton —fine October weather— a well-mettled team waiting for you every morn ing at 11 ; that's my idea of a honey moon ; and away you go to the tootle too of the horn— Lewes— Worthing — East- bourne— any where ; then a rattling good lunch ; and back in the afternoon in plenty of time to dress for dinner. That's living. That's doing things well and proper. She'd b» looked after, don't you fear. And I'm not difficult to get on with. I call myself rather good-natured ; yes I do. If she was late in getting ready I wouldn't quarrel ; I can pass the time first-rate ; killing Hies with an elastic band would do ? ' ' An elastic band '!' repeated the Beanau Tighearn ; the happy loquacity of this young man had rather bewildered her.' 'Oh, yes, don't you know ? If the flie9 have been worrying you during your quiet suobzle ' — in the morning before breakfast, or in the after noon perhaps, you can begin and take it out of them ; a tolerably big elastic band and a little piactice in tiring will soon get you evon with them. You can't shoot them flying — I'll ad mit that; but you've just got them on toast when they're walking about the table or settled on the wall; foe they can't see thia missile until it's on them like a hundred o* bricks. Well, U9 I wa3 saying, I'm easily amused. I'm not difficult to get on with. 0/ course, I know it's an awful lottery, is mar riage. You never can tell whether the woman will turn out a sulker or a giddy prattler ? ' ' Ib there no other kind of woman, Lord Mountmahon '!' his companion asked. xes, uiere is, tie answereu wnu convio' tion. 'There is the woman who is a conr bination— who'sulks to you and giddy prattler to everybody else. However, we're not going to anticipate evil on this auspicious occasion. For it is an auspicious occasion, isn't it? And. you'll carry my message to the young lady ; and you'll plead my cause and let mo have hei answer as soon as possible. I shall be down at Kinvaig until Thursday next ; a postcard — asix- penny telegram— would send me into a seventh, heaven of delight ; and then, naturally, all the formal wooing could be proceeded with at one'a leisure, when once the engagement was under stood. Tell her, if I haven't got refinement— that's what they talk about as if it was a kind of religion — if I haven't got culture— that's what they call it— culture i— the j ugginses who don't know a horse's fetlocks from his withers —at least Fd stand by. her in sickness ; ah, wouldn't I, though. If sail very well of my unclep to talk of* me as The Hog— pretty language— elegant language — The Hog; at all events I don't condescend to call names, or I ? might say something about them too— the sanotimonious humbugs— clinging on to the coat-tails of the sky-pilota I— put a penny : in the slot and out'll come - a snivelling hymn. Well, I must be off ; just enough time to get back to the hotel and drive along to the ?-..' steamer. And you'll let me know,. Mrs. ; Macdonold, won't you? A postcard— a siic penny telegrain-rsent down to Kinvaig- — -' 'But, surely— — ?' . - ... :: ? 'Now,- now, my, dear -lady,' he said with ; laughing impetuosity, '1H must atc-pall those ? u1 '-buts.' If it were Miss Eelin herself I could understand; 'the cojrneBS and reluctanoe.Bhovm ; H by a young damsel is only a part 'of ^thegaine.'/ ':::- , '' I will take your message, ?Jjord \H6]unt- .-'.??'t mahon,' said the mother. - '?? - ? ' ?* ! y ?;??' With a little persuasion added?' he inter- ,.:; posed insidiously.. ., ? j ' ' ?; K But this woman,, gentle as she might -be and;: : ' generously disposed towards all created things,; r:: : was alBpiBorupulously honest. ? '' f :: ,- ?; . ?. ! .^1^3, :oa»nbt pledge vmyself,' she said, ; ?*??? trembling the while. \ ; .- V ? - i. '?VBfit you'll uo ryour best - for me, won't '- y6ii¥l $6 Said ;pphBdentlyi -);. ?*! And I shall I** - ^ looking; ^oub ? :, for ?' the ' telegram, , tidtft~-yi-U .: : » -bi^V^iH»jtoy«''^yVoi»i9:ibiBi)':}&n;\t'|J9i^^'^v xtxloing-^thiit $ my niotto. And: the 'yiiuiijr . ' ! ladyoan be as ppy as «yer she likes |, and ^P«i#; be ;*s patient ;.*, lover aa -eve^i WftV^en-^^^ reason, dou't you kuow— in reason ; procrasti nation is the thief of time. Yes, and, by Jove, I'll miss my steamer ! Good-bye, Mrs. Maodonald. I am relying on you, mind, if a girl turns out flighty hei- mother can show her what the common-sense of things is. And don't forget about the Old Ship at Brighton. Tell her that ; that'll fetch her ; she 11 be well looked after— you trust to me. Good-bye— oood-bye 1' And therewith he hurried away —leaving behind him a very miserable woman. CHAi'TEn XXII.— An Escapade:. Now when Eelin Macdonald and Archie Gilohrist set off to walk into the town of Invor nish it would have been bard to say which of them was the more embarrassed. But pre sently her sense of fun predominated. She knew that she had flung herself, as it were, on this extremely modest young man, and she knew also that it lay with her to rescue him out of his shyness. And bo bug said, with a most ingenuous air (the laughter in her eyes demurely concealing itself) — 'Oil, Mr. Gilchrist, I suppose you are quite familiar with the poems and sungs of Hector Macneill?' , . „ T. 'Yes, indeed.' he said emphatically, it was an immeasurable relief to him to find something suggested about which he could tall: with knowledge; for this crowning favor of hers had somewhat unnerved him ; it had never entered into his imagination that Miss Eelin and himself would be walking into the town together— in the daylight, too— so that all folk should see. 'Well, i hope you will agree with me that Jie has never hud sufficient recognition?' she proceeded— and the laughter in her eyes was decorously dying out. 'I am convinced of it,' he said, with energy. 'Burns gets everything; Hector Macneill nothing— 1 mean, from the literary world. But i can tell you this, Bliss Mac donald, that among the working classes in Scotland Hector Macneill is oftener sung than Burns. 1 know. 1 was a clerk in Struthers's, in Union-street, and I had to take the keys in the morning, and I could hear what the men would be singing' t0 themselves at their work in the early hours. Was it Burns? No, it was not. It was ' Dinna think, bonnie lassie, I'm gaun to leave thee.' or it was 'Jeauie's black e'e,' or it was ' Whaur ha ye been a' the day, my boy Tammy,' or it was 'Come under my plaidie, the nicht's gaun to fa'.' And when one of the girls in the shop— Struthers being out— took to humming something, as Jike as not it would be ' I ne'er lo'ed a laddie butane, and he ne'er lo'ed a lassie but me.' Bulk for bulk 1 say there's better stuff in Hector Macuuil's songs than in Burns's. Ah, but it's little use talking that way, for every now and again, amid all the obvious in sincerity, Bums comes out with a line that is like a flame— so true it is and transcending. Who liut he could have written 'O ray love is like a red, red rose';'' He had turned to her ; there was a tremor of emphasis in his speech — insomuch that she lowered her eyes : nor did he know that he was addressing her so earnestly until one of two small boys who were on the river- bank called out in the vilest of soulh-couutry accents to his companion — 'Oh, jist hear till him, Jock! They're laud and hiss, thuu twn 1 Fugs, they're no blate !:i And then Wild K-jlin, with bar color con sciously mantling — and extremely mortified that such should be the case — hurried on with tho discours?. 'Don't you think, 'said she, 'that it would be only fair if an edition of Macneill's songs end poems were brought out— to give him a fair chance? ? ' 'Why, again and again I have thought of it !' he exclaimed. 'Only his literary baggage is not great. I have sometimes wondered whether Tannahill might not. be added in such b. volume ? ' ' Why not?' she said. 'If you knew, as I know,' he went on, 'how deep in the hearts of the poorer of our Scotch folk lie Tannahill's songs — singing themselves there in a kind of way ? ' 'Oh, but surely 1 do know,'1 she protested. ' Does not everybody know ' Loudon's bonnie woods and braes?' ? ' ' And ' Jessie, the (lower o' Dumblane'— — ' ' Ay ; and ' Let us go, lassie, go to the braes of Balquither' ? ' ' And ' O, are ye slcepin', Maggie.' ' 'And 'Gloomy winter's now awa',' she continued, capping him at every turn. 'And 'Thou bonnie wood o' Craigielea' — there were two of the girls in the shop could eing that very well as a duet when Struthers chanced to be out.' 'And then there's 'Barrochan Jean' ? ' But at this he looked puzzled. 4 ' Barrochan ? ?' And then she took to laughing as she repeated the lines — 'Tis hinna ye heard, man, o' Barrochan Jean ? And hinna ye heard, man, o' Barrochan Jean 1 How death and starvation came o'er the haill nation, She wrought sic nuV-iiief wi' her twa pawky e'en ; Thelads and lasses were dying in dizzens, The taen killed wi' love and the tither wi' spleen ; The ploughing, the s^winy, the shearing, the niau inj, A' wark was forgotten for barrochan Jean. 'Miss Macdonald ? ' said he, when she interrupted him. 'Mr. Gilchrist,' said she, 'lam going to ask you to call me by my right name. 1 am 'Miss Macdonald' only to strangers.' ' Oh, it is so kind of you, Miss Eelin, then,' he said, blushing very hotly ; ' we might bring out a volume combining the two poecs — Macueill and Tannahill ? ' ' Why, that is an excellent idea !' she cried gaily as she swung along— and she seoined to be extremely happy — she appeared to have escaped from something — she. was rejoicing in this companionship and its sympathetic com munion of souls. 'A plain, unpretentious volume, easily within the means of those who would appreciate it most, - I think Mr. Edel would publish it for us. It would notbeacostly Venture. Theu there would have to be an ex planatory introduction and a biography of each of the poets, and notes ; I would do the ione memoir— Hector Maoneill for choic:e— if j you will do the other; but of course your] name alone would be on the title page as i editor ? ' ' I 'But why, Miss Eelin ?' he remonstrated. | 'Oh, well,' she answered him lightly, 'you j ire a professional, you know — you are a man Vf Jotters— and I am only an amateur ? ' j 'Mits Eelin, you do not understand,' he lOntinued anxiously, 'for it will put clearer \W relationship between you and me, while t'aat lasts. I am not a man of letters at all! %i is only a matter of weeks since I joined the '(taff of the InvernisK Observer. Before tbat I . was a clerk'in Struthers's shop. I wanted you to know— so that there would bo no false pre sences—and then you will not say that I had presumed, that I had deceived you— when— when you choose to pass on ? ' .. ? , ' Pass on ?' sbejepeated. 41 Well,' said he — and he was unmistakably somewhat agitated, 'when then Queen, up there Jn the Highlands, atBraemaror Balmoral, stops frne poor cottar or shepherd . lad and Bays . a w kindly words to him, it is nothing to her; is merely the generous instinct of the moment; she passes on and forgets. But as for him he has received the crowning honor and treasure of his life — its one memory to cherish and be proud of ? ' i Perhaps there was something in the tone of , his voice ; '.perhaps there was something of mere physical breathlessness ; perhaps fen unusual pallor in his cheeks; but fit all .events VSTild Eelin came to corisider that the situation was extremely critical — she hardly know why. And bIio said to him, almost ? 'I can hardly guess at your meaning, Mr. Gilchrist; but if it is what it seems to be, why, was there ever such an absurd exaggera tion. Where's your goBpel ? Where's your badge of liberty and equality ? Have vou for gotten that 'a man's a man fora' that?1 ' He pulled himself up. He had achieved his object. He had given her to understand. He had cleared the ground. And if now she still wished to extend some small measure of favor towards him good and well ; but if the queen chose to pass on without another thought of the poor wayfarer that also was good and well, and he would hold his treasure of remem brance and be grateful with a life-long grati tude. 'Oh,' ho said rather shamefacedly. ''A man's a man for a' that' is more a definition of the attitude of a man towards other men ? ' 'Oh, is that it?' said she, mockiug him. 'Then you cut out half the human race from the application of your braggart song ? That is something at least. That is a concession. Well, now, Mr. Gilchrist, be guided by me ; and we'll cut out the other half ; and we'll reduce that famous piece to what it is— not the expression of the sentiment of the human race, or half the human race, or any section of tho human race, but the expression of a single individual's irritable and morbid jealousy and envy and vanity.' But at this he burst out laughing ; he knew she was merely trying to make mischief — to pick a quarrel with him ; and so all he said to this saucy damsel was— ''I'm glad we've got past the Castls hill.' 'Why '!' she demanded. 'Because it would have fallen on us if it had overheard.' By this time they were come to the suspen sion bridge ; but she did not strike off at right angles to go into the town ; she continued on her way along the river front, so that now they were passing the open space into which Iain Ruadh had collected his sheep, while on the other side was the dingy black-grey building of the Invcrnish Observer. She re garded the lugubrious-looking square stone block, with its small, dim windows. ' I suppose it is all shut up ?' she said. 'Oh, yes,' he answered her. 'Not a soul in the place, I should imagine, on a Saturday afternoon.' 'I have never been over a printing estab lishment,' she observed vaguely. 'Oh, but if you would like to look through,' said he, with an instant alertness, 'I can easily manage that. The old woman who keeps the keys lives just across the lane ; she would come and unlock door by door for us. What do you say ? Would you like it ?' ' 1 should like it immensely ?' she answered him without a moment's hesitation ; she was always ready for any kind of haphazard adventure. And so, in a few minutes' time, these two were being ushered into a sombre passage leading from the lane into the interior of the building ; at the end of the passage they found a corkscrew little stair, by which they gained the corridor above ; and then the old woman with tho keys proceeded to conduct them through the mysterious and silent offices, her self as silent as her surroundings. It was an eerie kind of perambulation. The long com posing- room, m especial, had an aspect of absolute loneliness and desolation ; not even a friendly ghost was there standing at one of the cases setting up imaginary type. As for the dark masses of metal in the engine-room a still deeper gloom enveloped these, and there was a kind of threatening air about their cold and slumbering strength ; they seemed to resent this intrusion upon their profound solitude and stillness. Sometimes Wild Kelin, who was an impressionable sort of young woman, drew back a little ; she did not care to penetrate further into those gulfs of shadow. And then the explorers got them away to the front part of the building, which was of a j more cheerful outlook ; and here they took possession of Mr. Grieve's room, with its bound files of the London papers, its rows of books of reference, its atlases, manuals, dic tionaries, and directories, and, conspicuous on i the writing table in the middle of the floor, its j tin canister of tobacco. Eelin, who loved the light rather than the darkness, quickly recovered her spirits; nay, when she had examined everything with the greatest inte rest and curiosity she grew merry and mis chievous — she would have Mr. Grieve know of \ this unpardonable visitation ; she would leave | a message for him, as from the land of spirits, and pin it on to his desk. 'What then,' said she, turning to her com panion and fixing those glorious blue eyes of hers on his with a quite unthinking fearless ness of challenge, ' what do you think ? Rhyme ? A little posy, with a kuct of ribbon tied round the foot? It must be awfully clever, you know, to atone for our abominable impudence in coming into his room. And I'm not very good at impromptus,' she con tinued sadly. 'My little jests are of the esealier ? :l 'I don't think you would find other people say so, Miss Eslin,' he observed, smiling ; indeed he had hnn=.elf recollections of the shafts of summer lightning that she could send (herself giggling all the while) round an afternoon tea-table when slie had been pro voked. '1 'But begin, Mr. Gilchrist, begin !' she said impatiently, and Bhe sat down and got hold of a writing-pad. 'Tell me what to say — 'Ode to a Sub-Editor found absent' — how shall we begin? 'O wilding bird that fora time hast flown from out — from out the downy shelter of tl.y nest, By what far streamlets flutterest thou alone, by what— by what— by what dim valleys in the golden west '!' Go on, Mr. Gilchrist— now you go on !' 'Not I,' he said, 'when you are doing so magnificently !' But in truth he was hardly thinking of the sham poetry— rather he was thinking of the eMr.-iordinary charm and fasci nation that the mere presence of this splendid creature seemed to confer on these poor offices. Would the atmosphere ever lose this radiance that now parmeuted it? Would he ever, coining into this room, see anything but a vision occupying the sub-editor's chair— the vision of a youug girl, gay, self-confident, serene, her beautiful profile bent down over the paper, the homespun jacket showing the perfect lines of her figure, tho dark-blue Tain o' Shanter perched on the bountiful and bunched-up masses of her raven-black hair? And the pen that she held in her fingers— the moment she was gone he would come swiftly back and annex that— if it chanced to be some favorite of Grieve's so much the worse for Grieve, he could not reliquish so personal a souvenir of this memorable and enchanting escapade. And meanwhile Wild Eeliu was beating her brains— she even bit at the end of her pen, making it a thousand times more valuable in the eyes of the future possessor. 'Why don't you help me, Mr. Gilchrist?' she said peevishly. And then he dashed boldly in. ' ' How knowest thou, fluttering by yon western shore,' ' he began. ' Yes ?' she said by way of encouragement. 'Two raging cuckoos have usurped thy den' ? ' 'Oh, that's ridiculous,' she protested ; but he went on doggedly — ' ' Thy special writing-pad they've Bcrlbbled o'er ; And now rue thinks they'll steal away thy pen.'' He had hardly uttered the words when an alarming crash occurred just behind him, and a large stone, hurled through due of the win dows, came rolling to his feet. He wheeled round ; the old woman with the keys shrieked and shrieked, as another and missile came smashing through ; and Eelin Bat upright in her chair, her wide-apart, animal-like eyes all all alert and observant, but not with fear. No, there was no trace of fear in the Juno eyes, but the proud and imperious set of the mouth had beome a trifle fixed. 'Come back from the windows, Mr. Gil christ,' said she. 'I know what it is. The rabble of lads whom you slashed at in this morning's Observer have come to have their revenge ; and they think there's no one in the building, bo that they can break a few windows with impunity ? ' 'Oh, do they think that?' 6aid he, with a hurried glance outside. 'Do they think that?' His heart was ablaze with wrath. That the beautiful little romance of this afternoon's adventure — and even while Miss Eeliu was pretending to write poetry in the sub-editor's chair — should be summarily brought? to an end by the same young blackguards who had dis graced themselves in the theatre tho evening before ! 'Stay where you are,' said he peremptorily, 'I shall not be long.' He dashed into the composing-room and looked eagerly around, but nothing in the shape of a weapon could ho find anywhere, until his eye lit on an old broken cane-bottomed chair that lay in a corner, and that he took up and wrenched limb from limb until there remained in his hands a most unholy four-edged imple ment. Then he went out. It was rather in a sneaking way that he passed down the lane. He professed to be paying no attention to this assemblage of unruly louts, who were doubtless greatly enjoying the amusement of breaking the window-panes of an empty building. But when he got well to the rear of them he charged — charged like a whirlwind upon them, knocking this one down, hurling that one over, and then, whenever three or four were found together, the impetuous, promiscuous, irresis tible belaboring began with this godless instru ment that seemed to have been invented for tho crushing of bones. The fury of Ajax in creased. His eyes were red-hot. The leg of the cane-bottomed chair appeared to be flying to all points of the compass, but invariably the end of the trajectory was the bead or shoulders of the vagabond who chanced to be tallest or nearest. Those grubby masses of humanity parted— halted— retreated— scattered themselves — looking back in amazement none the less. For this onslaught had been so sudden that a general consternation had been produced before they had time to realise that they were being attacked by only one man. It is true some eight or ten of the cubs did form up at the foot of the lane ; and it would have gone dismally hard with Archie Gilehrist if there had been stoiies about ; but there were not, for the roadway here is of hard and worn macadam, and the hobbledehoys had exhausted the ammunition they had brought with' them, so that when ho went straight for the middle of this group they simply fell away from before him to get out of the reach of that awful trun cheon. And then of a sudden there was a warning whistle ; some one had espied a police man hurrying across the Suspension-bridge, and in about three seconds the rioters had vanished into thin air. When the policeman arrived there was no tumult to quell, but the windows ol the Observer office presented a sorry sight. Then he went back to the door iu the lane ; and who was this but Wild Eelin herself await ing him— laughing and giggling and immensely delighted. As for him he was a trifle breath less, and perhaps also a little ashamed of the violence of his rage. ' Wei), that was a fine millee, as they say in the Lowlands,' she called to him as he ap proached. ' WI13', what do j'ou know of it?' he de manded. 'Didn't 1 tell you to keep back from the windows ?' 'Likely ! when I had a little Armageddon all spread out for my own benefit ! Most in teresting '. (,! suppose a real battle is something like that — with a little more color and smoke thrown in. But I must hurry on now, Mr. Gilchrist. I've torn up the linestoMr. Grieve; I thought he mightn't understand. Good-bye, and thank you ever so much for showing me over the building.' And so they parted, and at once he went up to Tom Grieve's room to secure the nibbled penholder. He did not immediately return, though the old woman of the keys was waiting patiently below ; for this commonplace apart ment had undergone a sort of transfiguration since a young lady had been seated at that actual desk there, her blue-bonneted head bent over the paper, her tones, merry or petu lant or remonstrant, sounding strange, and yet so sweet and so entrancing, in the allper vading silence. ( To be continued. ) 