Wining and Finance. The Great Boulder at last to be. equipped with cyanide plant for treatment of tailings, slimes, and the ore from the lower levels. Directors have decided on a combination process, and the main part of the plant has been ordered from a Liverpool co., a time limit being placed on the delivery. A special expert has left for the mine to superintend the erection and commencement of the workings of the plant. The expert is travelling from England via America, where he will obtain data relative to the latest methods of treatment of telluride ores. The plant is to treat 200 tons per day of tailings and sulphide ores combined. * * * A plant with a capacity of treating 100 tons per day of sulphide and telluride ores ordered for the Lake View Consols mine, and is to be completed in about six months' time. The new filter presses and extra ten stamps should be in full swing at the mine by now, but if the March return is not materially affected, the April run should receive full benefit and the-output approach 10,000 ozs. Gallalian officially reported to the London board that "with the new filter presses and additional ten stamps at work he expects to increase the monthly return to between 11,000 and 12,000 ozs." According to recent advices from Kalgoorlie absolutely the best face in the mine is that of the south drive at the 300-ft. level. Assays have run from 7 to 14 and 15 ozs., while the north drive at the same level is in 2 oz. stuff. * * At the Ivanhoe good progress is being made with the foundations for the cyanide plant, also for the new 20-head battery. At this mine they intend treating their sulphides by reducing the ore to the necessary fineness with stonebreakers and rolls before roasting, after which it will be treated in the battery in the usual way, arid the tailings will be cyanided. A nice body of ore has been met with in the south-east corner of this property in a new prospecting shaft lately started. This is undoubtedly a continuation of the Eastern lode. From its course, it should junction with the rich Eastern lode in the Horseshoe, and the find is of great importance to the last named mine, as it is probable that their rich lode is in reality a continuation of the Ivanhoe Eastern lode. * * * Associated shares well supported in the Australian markets for some time past, but they seem to hang as heavy as lead in London. Stated that Bottom ley has been a heavy seller in order to finance his boom in Northern Territories, which have been hoisted from 25s. a couple of months back to the neighborhood of £5, and should be a fair " short " at this price. Bottomley's exchange is something like giving gold for lead in equal proportions by weight. Australians who have been slocking Associateds must come out on top in the end. Winze from 200 ft. level on Australia lode still in rich ore, while further it is not generally known that a winze has been sunk over 90 ft. below the 117-ft. level on the Australia East, lode, proving good ore all the way down. It is also stated that a prospecting shaft on the south-east corner of the Australia block is in ore, supposed to be the Lake View Consols' lode, as it passes from the Consols' northern block to its southern. * * * Ac Chaffer's a fair amount of development work is being done. The main shaft is down 230 ft., at which point crosscuts were started east and west. The former was taken to the boundary of the Boulder Main Reef, 16 ft. away, without meeting ore, while the crosscut west has met with two ore bodies. The first is about 12 ft. from the shaft, and has been driven on 50 ft. south and 12 ft. north. Average width 12 inches, and value from an ounce to three ounces. The second body was cut 60 ft. from the shaft. Drives north and south show it to be 1 ft. wide and of good value. Both these lodes contain a small amount of telluride. The crosscut has been continued a further distance of 120 ft., making the total from main shaft 180 ft. Country in facets of good character and well mineralised. Still 500 ft. to go to west boundary. The 80-ft. level corresponding crosscut did not meet with these lodes, which is further evidence of the importance of development at depth on Hannan's field. Quite possible these lodes will widen as sunk on. In several mines on the field ore bodies never seen near the surface, but, discovered at lower levels, have strengthened as developed. Chaffer's mine will shortly be equipped with a winding plant capable of sinking to 1,000 ft. Immediately on completion of same the main shaft will be sunk to 400 ft., and all energy centred on development at this level. Chaffers is not a large property, and is very heavily capitalised, but there is a fair amount of cash in hand. The management are to be commended for their go-ahead policy, which cannot be said of all London co.'s. * * * Horseshoes at present prices are good .goods. The 20-head battery and cyanide plant in course of erection will account monthly for almost as much gold as the Boulder. The stone to be treated surpasses in richness any other body of the same size on the field. * * * Brown Hills, too, are bound to have a big jump as soon as the new mill gets to work. The usual delays are occurring there in the erection, and it will be the end of May before all is ready for a start. * * * The way in which the returns from some of the leading Kalgoorlie mines dance up and down is a caution. Speculation in the shares is about as risky as horseracing. A jockey, trainer, or owner runs the risk of being disqualified for life for " stiffening " a horse, and good enough for him, too. Some such law in mining might be of advantage to the public. * * * A new telluride ore has been discovered in Kalgoorlie, and has been christened Kalgoorlite. It contains mercury, gold, silver, copper, sulphur and tellurium in varying quantities. * * * Boulder Main Reef bore has reached the eastern boundary without intersecting anything startling. Good-bye to the hopes of seeing the Boulder main lode at present level. There is still a probability of getting it in deeper ground. The lode being worked is all right, and as it dips southwards every level gives the mine a greater length of pay ore. Co. has made a new strike which it is estimated will give 5,000 tons of oxidised ore for the mill to battle with. * * * South drive bottom level North Boulder in rich telluride ore 4 ft. thick. One vein 4 ins. wide glistens with tellurides. The north end also looking well. There should be a good kick * left in the shares yet. * * THE CRITIC learns that the Boulder North Extended is now really meeting with better prospects. The hitherto sensational reports concerning this mine appear to have been more in the nature of prophecy, and those concerned are lucky to have the mine so unexpectedly backing them up. .Much development is, however, necessary. Should this mine eventually prove a payable run of ore it will be a great thing for this part of the field. * * * * " Boulder " Hamilton has returned from his trip north, and is again making things hum at the mine. * * * Victory United, Cue, goes one better with 415 ozs. from 138 tons, an average of 3 ozs. It is these millings that tell. At latest the Rlieingold shaft was down 108 ft., and the co. will open out for the reef at 130ft. Stone from this lease is expected to touch the ounce average. * * * Buyers of Golden Pikes on early information are not shaking hands with themselves. The deadness of the market has quite killed their jubilation. However, some fairly large holders managed to unload, one wellknown turfite getting out 1,500, and they now feel very happy with themselves. * * * The main shaft on the Iron Duke lease of the Associated is now down below 300 ft., at which depth crosscuts will be put in east and west as soon as a plat has been cut. YVhittaker Wright is so offended at the action of" shareholders in several of the London and Globe subsidiary co.'s in wanting to know their exact financial position before committing themselves to his great scheme of amalgamation of these companies that he has, according' to latest advices from London,, threatened to let the scheme drop, which in the opinion of THE CRITIC is about the best thing that could happen. Let the duffers die a natural death. Those that have anything to recommend them will easily stand reconstruction on a solid and fair basis. * * * "The sulphide plant for the Australia group of the Associated to treat 400 tons per day has been ordered. The manager estimates the cost per ton at 30s.—perhaps a fair estimate would be 40s. It is estimated that this plant alone will turn out 15,000 to 16,000 ozs. per month when in full swing. During the year and pending completion of surface equipment the mines will be subjected to the most searching and extensive development work, and if expectations are fulfilled the Three Australias will be unsurpassed on the Kalgoorlie field. The opening up of the lode at 300 ft. in Tetley's shaft will be the most important work of the next few weeks, and so far as one can see there is no reason in the world to expect anything but satisfactory results at this depth, more especially as the lode at 200 ft. is more valuable than at 100 ft. * * * The Golden Horseshoe opening oirt splendidly. A winze is going down fiom the 100-ft. to the 200-ft. level in very rich ore. Next week THE CRITIC will deal fully with this mine, which is being most vigorously developed and equipped. Sulphide works are to be erected in connection with the Boulder Perseverance mine, but unfortunately, at the lake, some three or four miles away; for what reason it is hard to say, unless the Perseverance is to be deliberately sacrificed for the Hannan's Public Crushing co., a concern of no moment to the general body of shareholders in the Perseverance, who should protest before it is too late. * * * Hannan's Oroya crushing ore worth under £ oz. per ton. Very questionable whether expenses are being paid. There is reported to be improvement in value of late, and any increase in average value should be profit. Too much is being paid for water, viz., 5s. 6d. per 1,000 gallons, ruinous on low grade ore. The southern block of this co. must surely get the extension of some of the Australia East lodes and become a valuable property. More energy should be expended upon it. Want of funds said to be retarding development work. It is rumored that the block is to be floated off into another co. or sold, but no authentic news has been received to this effect. If true, Oroya shareholders should take care that their interests are fully recognised and protected. Deep sinking should be the policy on this block, that without delay, and the Oroya co. should not part with this valuable asset. * -. * A Kalgoorlie correspondent thinks the late falling oft in returns from the Lake View Consols is part of a scheme to bring the shares down, and goes on to say that if such be the case a blow has been struck against confidence in the field that it will take long time to recover from. It has been regarded as a safe mining investment. The falling off in the returns the last two Photo, by Jenkimon, Broken Hill. Broken Hill Water Supply co.'s Dam. months has turned the mine into more or less a purely speculative proposition. Our correspondent adds that fortunately so much is known of the mine locally that there is only the one conclusion mentioned above. * * * The correct course to be adopted by the Lake View South is to push down the main shaft as rapidly as possible, and to shut down the mill. * * * By London papers THE CRITIC notices Zeb. Laue is interested in a Boulder Milling co. with a capital of £20,000. What mine's prospects will be sacrificed for this co. as those of the Perseverance have been for the Hannan's Public Crushing co. ? •. . * * * • The Armadale co. to be liquidated. This co. owns a property uear Coolgardie. Last year very glowing reports of the prospects were sent to London. * * * The statutory me.eting of the Auxiliary Associated •Gold Mines Co., Ltd , was held in London last month. Chiirman stated £100,000 working capital was fully subscribed... The chairman laid great stress on the fact that the ^-manager went out to Hannan's to take charge of the co.'s properties and is still there. A lot of big talk to no purpose was indulged in as usual, anil the meeting closed, apparently satisfied with • nothing. Air. R. B. Tetley presided. * * * Hannan's Paringa lias struck a new lode of fair value in the crosscut 136 ft. east from the main shaft at 200- ft. level. Two other bo.lies have been cut at this level. Neither are payable, although gold contents have improved since they were first met with at the 100-ft. level. More evidence of the necessity for deep •sinking at Hannan's. * # * The London market eased off all round last-week in ; anticipation of settlement day on Saturday the 26th., a good deal of forced sellmg on account of weak London speculators having taken place. Australia supported the market welL daring this account, some large orders, especially for Associateds, Kalgurlis, and Lake View Consols having gone to London from Adelaide. It is not good for a mine to have a manager who • does not know when he has had enough liquor. The controller of the destinies of one of the smaller Barrier properties was literally chucked out of an important . gathering the other night, so obnoxious did he make himself. This sort of thing won't improve the value of the scrip. * * * J. T. Pitcairn, a brother of the concentrating man, will supervise the erection of the new mill at the Pinnacles. A start will be made on the work at once. A fine surface heap of ore awaits treatment. • * * * • Mr. G. Pitcairn, whose arrival and intentions with regard to the Barrier THE CRITIC mentioned some time since, has severed his connection with the British. A number of the men employed under him say they are not a wee bit sorry. * * * General Manager Stewart, of the Proprietary, starts • on his six months' holiday almost immediately. lie, by-the-way, has consented to visit and report on the Chillagoe " sensation" in Q'land. A contemporary's assertion that he has been offered the managership of -property is perfectly true, subject to his approval of the property. THE CRITIC wouldn't be surprised to see Mr. Stewart's name attached to some •reports on Tasmanian properties. * * * Some time since an "exptrt" arrived in Broken Hill to teach the mines how to concentrate. He was given an opportunity of proving his knowledge, but all his time since his arrival has been spent in learning the peculiarities of Barrier ores. Barrier ores are not as other ores; and Mr. Expert has been forced to recognise this fact. Unfortunately, while he has been gaining knowledge, the mills he was going to at once reconstruct have been working very lazily. In fact, they have had almost a holiday. Poor expert! He is not the only man who has gone to Broken Hill to learn things. * K * The South's report for the six months ending December last, presented at Monday's meeting, may be fairly considered a satisfactory one ; and even in the face of adverse influences, such as the high returning charges and what not, the balance to the credit of profit and loss is substantial. The increase iu the European smelting charges of, say, 20s. per ton means something like £25,000 annual loss to this co. Molesworth R. Greene, the chairman of the South, liter alia sayg that in face of the monopoly enjoyed by the B.H. Water Supply co. it is clear that the ore producers must combine to ensure proper representation and protection. He considers the charge of 5s. per 1,000 gallons quite out of the way; and all reasonable men (excepting only the shareholders of the Water Supply Company) are one with him. Why does Chairman Greene harp so consistently on the saving lately made in ore-raising ? The figures do show a saving—and a material one, too—but why make the comparison so odious ? What is the object of the Adelaide directors in so pronouncedly bolstering up their cause ? If one reads between the lines, this particular report signed by Greene has "Adelaide" written all over its face. The mine itself is looking really well, and the new stages off the 500-ft. west crosscut continue to hold their own. and give a good account of themselves. * * * Block 10 mill-work showed a falling off the other day, but things have righted themselves again, and jigging is going along merrily, with good results. * * * The new A.B.H. Consols continues to return rich ore in fair quantity. The low price in silver, however, compared with the old days, will make a material difference in this mine's returns. * * * Pitcairn consulting engineer to the British is reported during his tenure of office to have made a saving of £70 each week in the water consumption of the mine. Shareholders might shake hands with themselves over the fact; but, unfortunately, the fortnightly returns of concentrates made are nothing like what they used to be under the old system of working. The Junction big contract for breaking 10,000 tons crude sulphides has been let to John Benney, a wellknown contractor in the old days of the Proprietary. Work started with the early morning shift last Monday. Benney is paid 3s. 6d. per ton, and guarantees • to deliver not less than 500 * * tons * a week; An increased output is being maintained at the J unction North. At the present rate of " scooping," THE CRITIC gives this mine about six months in which to deplete their friable reserves exposed above the 750 ft. Mill is making good headway, and 'tis anticipated that in less than two months it will be ready for active work. * * # North mine is looking Al at the 570 ft., andstoping will proceedhefe as quickly as circumstances will permit—taking into consideration the fact that all hauling has to be done-through Junction North shaft. South drive at 700 ft. been resumed, and will be hurried along to tap this just-mentioned valuable body of ore —the continuation: of Junction and Junction North lode. No doubt about the bottom being out of the Tas. stocks on the Melb. 'Change. A lot of " moonshine" stuff floated, and the public have lost all confidence in the West Coast. Then there was that unfortunate "sale" of the Crown Lyell. The slippery Lawson did not pull this off, and now his followers feel like cursing him more than ever. Stated that "Jimmy" Crotty killed the deal by asserting that the Crown hadn't a ghost of a chance, as the North had mopped up all the metal round there. So the Glasgae people didn't bite. The all-fired Lawson still swears the sale is "all right." All sorts of people have got it from Blake and Riggall that it is " all right," but the speckers have the best of the argument with " Where's the stuff?" Latest is that the offer only came from the underwriters subject to being able to unload on the gentle public. • * * * One Melb. broking firm, up to its neck in Rocky Rivers, last week offered to buy 5,000 iu a line. • But it was all bluff. He knows full well where the shares are, and that he is not likely to be stuck with them. It is easy to be a leather-tongued buyer. when you have practically got all the loose: shares up your sleeve. * * * i : > Melb. had a specimen show last week. " Beautiful" lumps of "ore" from the Crown Lyell! Queen Lyell! ! Prince Lyell III and the North Crown Lyell! !! ! Great heavens ! I ! !! Wonderful hdw Melb. recovered from .the glittering sight. But at the same time it was too lovely to see the stocks tumbling with dull thuds. Public bitten too often with specimens to believe these came from Lawson's " pups." Which reminds THE CRITIC of how the Maritana was pushed into the Melb. crowd. All the Collinsstreet "rats" met in a back room at Phairs' late one afternoon, and in stalked the broker with a handbag full of gold-hanging specimens. Outcome of his brilliant speech on the quantity of gold in sight was that the show went to a premium right away. Somehow the Maritana has never recovered from having a " magnificent" green lode and a green public, and its position to-day is well known. But really those specimens were too sweet. At the next meeting of the Maritana, scrippers might casually inquire what happened to those specimens, and from what part of the West—or was it Bendigo ?—they hailed from. * * * Gippsland coal shows have a great prospect—on paper. Jumbunnas, paid up to 10s. 4d., can't find buyers at Is. 4d. Coal Creeks are offering at Is., and Outtrims are selling at 2s. 6d. owned by Dawvid Syme. Latter principally * * * What was behind the McGregor scrip move last week ? This Gippsland show has no decent indications and no machinery, yet shares fluttered between 2s. 9d. and 5s. 6d. and ended firm. Perhaps George Meudell may be letting the Britisher into the gamble. He is preaching Gippsland in gorgeous tints to the Londoner. * * * THE CRITIC has received Messrs. Joseph Palmer and Sons' (Sydney) monthly share list. With it is a list of the divs. paid by Australian mines during the month of February, and the figures are well worth studying. * * * Mt. Lyell Chairman Bowes Kelly in a recent interview gets home badly on those London papers and critics who have been criticising the co. on matters which they are entirely ignorant of. He aims principally at the Mining Journal, which had in Melb. an alleged expert named Rendle for its correspondent. Mr. Kelly says that the scandalous and untrue remarks made in the London Press is a dastardly attack " made for ulterior purposes upon the men entrusted with the management of the co. . . The directors have large interests in the co., and have every incentive to work the mine to the advantage of the general body of shareholders. Having this in view, the directors strongly deprecate any statements which may tend by exaggeration and misrepresentation to mislead shareholders with regard to the value of their property on one hand, or, on the other, to alarm them by circulating disquieting allegations of mismanagement. . . Despite this fierce and long-continued calumny, we have not had one single inquirer at the office here as to the truth of the charges made. . . The policy of the directors throughout has been to secure the highest skill and experience to guide them in the management of this very valuable property, and to conduct its operations openly and honestly in what they deem to be the best interest of the whole body of shareholders." Mr. View of' 'the Main Street, Kalgoorlie. Kelly rightly holds that the personal attack made upon him in the Mt. Lytll Stai dard is beneath contempt, arid those who have read the article will agree •with him. * * * From London: " The advantages of local Westralian mining co.'s in which English investors are largely interested having London offices for the payment of calls and the registration of transfers is so manifest that one is surprised to find the directors of the Ivanhoe South Extended, nearly a third of whose shares are held on this side, not falling in with the suggestion of a firm of London brokers to open an office here. This matter was first placed before the directors in August in 1896, but so many obstacles were raised by them that the negotiations fell through. In July last negotiations were re-opened, and as the firm agreed to guarantee a call of 2s. per. share in advance on 15,000 shares—the number suggested by the directors —there seemed every prospect of a successful result. The directors, hoyrever, claimed a deposit of £500 on account of the call in advance, declining to move in the matter untilthi^ amount was paid, and stipulated that £1,500 should be paid within 28 days after the register was established, otherwise the deposit was to be forfeited. An endeavor to get an extension of time failed, and so the negotiations again fell through. It is very clear that the directors are not desirous of opening a London office, and if the shareholders onthis side wish to secure the advantage of this they will have to combine among themselves, and see whether this will have more effect than the repeated attempts of the brokers." . 