» . - / . / i , THE END OF THE GAME. ! / Ton rotlly can't roue? mo tomnoh en- ' xhusiaem over the short StiSry,' shF said .. ..' I. know all you would say-Vf it;— subtile, par- foot of form, and sonnot-liko in finish, — 'yet I am vi oil. ' Any man miiy wear its laurels, and I envy him not. Bat- when it oomes to tbo literature of correspondence, then I con fess to coyoting the orown. I would rather have written a series of fascinating letters than all the short stories of tho deoado.' Do it,' said ho. ' Put your next novel into epistolary iorm.' ' I might— and fail moro signally than ever in making my oharaoters speak out what- is in them. Lotters, of all things, muet bo written from the heart. . Fancy the tone Swift's would have taken if ho had been told he must oorreot-the 'proofs on some day of reokoning !' ' The heart is a .flotion in literature. We all know what powerful work has beou done with tho avowed purpose of making money, and by men who wouldn't have touched pen 10 paper without that iguoblo spur.' ' You are a pagan !' 'You are a sentimentalist — shall that bo my retort P No; you are oiinply 1 pure wo manly.' Youoan't imagine desires fulfilled without eathotio oringings and moral winces,' ' Nothing of the sort ; but I do acknow ledge tho oonciote faot that I. couldn't play! dummy in a series of letters.' ' ' Then— collaborate.' ' With whom ? . Somegifted ghost ? Pros per Merimee'aP' " \- O '"With mo. Wo soy good-by to-morrow, after a charming summor acquaintance of six weeks. You leave this hotel; and go back to your Bohemian Boston, nttio. I return to New York and journalism. Now, let us assume a situation. I am inatlly in lovo with tyou. Don't start ! How un- dramatio you aro 1 You — there my invention halts, though it is eaBy to seo tliero would he no story without an obstoole. What shall it uu, yuut engagement or mine r ' You give me a choioe of fottors ! That's generous. But Jl won't tako tho haokuoyed \- obstaole of 'another,' thank you ! Some body alwayB has to descend to bathos or perfidy in order to extricate himself. No ; let's pretend that we are conscious of a mutual attraction, bat don't in the least satisfy eaoh other's ideal of what a man and woman should be. 'Do forgive me for saying how truly Bostonese and priggish !' ' Shall I endeavor to be suburban and flippant ? Well, there aro dozens, of possible situations. Tako your choice. Disgrace — my great-uncie has cheated'' the widow aud , '"' orphan, and thon Bhot himself.' ' No drawbaok at all, unless you get up some sort of moral soruple about returning the spoils ; and that would boro me to 6uch an extent that I should reply only by postal eardB.' ' Horedilary fend — though in that oase we should have to join hands in tho regulation manner, tmd satisfy tradition. My imagi nation is quite at sea ; you propose some thing.' , . Consumption and insanity have hesn done to death. You must be devoted to a cause, and refuse to give it up for devotion to one man.' 'Hundreds of women havo .fought, bled, and died ovor that, from 'The Princess' down. Beat of all, why not begin the cor respondence, and lot it dotermiue its own oonrse ?' ' Excellent ! We will merely draw a heavy lino under tho faot that I nm in love with you. Beraembor to write only on one side of tho papor, won't yon ? Ic will save us a deal of copying.' 'Yes; and suppose wo send tho letters flat in largo envelopes ? Then wo need only nnmher them, lay .them aside, aud they aro ready forJhginteKBut I predict a bar to tiflBjjunlctnde cousin' acdeRHSaulnomling ilJProm your peiwJnal experience r ,< ' Nover ; and I untioipato what yon are going to say. No matter how much tho \- all-knowing public clamors for 'author' of ; our immortal' work, wo will Ho low aud con ifers nothing. But if it aotnnlly docs find us out, wo' will deny it the satisfaction of de claring that our own hearts have been laid bai'o ; for I will claim the woman's part, and you shall have the man's !' '.... ' Olovor, indeed ; but hold to a 'bragian extent 1 Woll, say what you like. . p will at least deny nothing. How often shall we write?' Every day, by all means. I have some important work coming on in December, and I should like to finish this episode of the heart before then. By the way, remember to make no allusion in the letters to tbe fuot that wo are playing a game. Let us dress for tbe part, deceivo ourselves into all pos sible earnestness, and seo what swagger things wo can do.' J In a month the correspondence was in full swing, and, omitting the letters wbtoh served as prologue, thus it ran : he. Yonr yesterdayB's letter probed my armor at a handled points. I have loved other women, you say ; what, moro or less, dooB it mean when I declare I lovo you ? It is truo, I have had my dreams and passions, though I should decidedly object to posing as that species of hero who is not only beautifully Byronio, but truly unwholesome. I am the avorago man, with a sense of the ideal aud a poctio imagination. Therefore have I idealized woman, and to idealize is to lovo. I. loved my oousin May. Sho grew up and away from me, and murried somebody else. Sho was a bonnio bride,— God bless ber! — and meeting her to-day is as commonpiuce as reading tbe weather probabilities. Two years after, I wrote sonnets to a woman who never messed them to be from what I am pleased to oall my soul ; and this summer, nrtiAn vaii maf. ma t tsab nrnvomwl vam have not seen her, bnt yon have heard of her — a gentle, domeEtio creature, who would have made mo half happy and supremely comfortablo. Sho guessed at my having tied from 'you because I dared not trust myself to stay, and give me my freedom. Sho is no less tranquil, and I. am her everlasting debtor. What then ? 'If theBe things be so, '-you say, ' what can love mean P What do you give me more than the others ? How do I know whether the jewel is mine own, not only to have, but to hold ?' You speak like one born yesterday, or as a child for lornly strayed out of Aroadia into these solid streets. Have you yet to learn that a relation inuBtbo judged, not by its length, but by its perfection P When I sat with you those moon- fed nights, while the sea washed the rooks at our feet, and we had no need of talking became our thoughts ran together like heavenly horses of the sun, what then? Do you think suoh ooinniuriion ib often dup licated P Does one find a diamond more than onoe in a lifetime, or seo the perfeot aroh of the rainbow twice in a summor P Why will you so fatally pull open the petals of thiB heart-flower, to count the stamens, and de termine .whether it oonforms to this or that rem of olassifioation ? - You know me— average man. Snch as I am, I am yours. , If yon challenge mo to the alearcst truth I know how to utter, I confess that I know nothing about eternity, and eare less. I ask you to walk step by step with me through this troublous world ; and if, some fair morning, I should wake aud see your face beside me in that other land which theo logians and poets seem to know all about, why, then, I'll givo you merry greeting! But as to swearing that I shall love you ' eternally, how' do I know ? I would have , sworn it had wo met ten years ago. Now the days; inexorable 'daughters of time,' have brought me wisdom, and I see that our affections are indeed 'tentB of a night.' But passing fair they aro, and 1 prithee, sweet mistress, let me rest in mine undis- tui'ied. l'osi women expect of men a fan- J I tastio end impossible loyalty — a loyalty con- ' sacrated to keeping a niche vacant for you uatil you come, and making life forever sterile aftor you go. God knows your achemo might bo a happy and heroia one for some' unknown ..world, mado on a different plan,- bulnotinthis — not in this! Wo Are. grow ing and changing cmuures, like our brothers, tho trees. Year .by yoar wo put forth shin ing buds, and renew ourselves in tho sun ami cherishing air. Tlioro were birds in. last year's nests, I toll you plainly ; but now thoy aro gone. Shall my leaves whisper above the poor littlo brown dwellings with uo' desire to see them warm again with downy life P Perish tho thought ! — since change is life, and standstill moans deoay and death. You are the ohoico of my prime. Why deny us both our happiness because you cling too long and closely to the dreams of youth ? sue. When I road a lettor like your last I al most hateyou. Fortunately— or tho ro verse,, according as you value my toleration — you do not fall into tho Goothcan platitudes which would foroo mo to romovo myself forovcr from tho risk of hearing thorn. You are not absolutely blaspbomons. You do not say, in so many words", that lovo is a sue-"' cession of fancies and phases ; and so I am sorry for you without actually despising you. For, boliovo mo, my friend, it is truo that, though men do not die of love, they should think it poseiblo. Though, if I deny you, in a year you will have loved again, you Bhould bo swearing to mo and to yourself that, without me. in your .own proper person, you die. Aud I should know you would not dio, and you would know I knew it, bocauso we are ueithor of us at the morniug of life, when one believeB that wishing brings tbe boon; but wo should bo a little nearer heaven than we are now. For I, alas ! doubt you, aud you can analyze yourseli and me. So, farewell, — nay, rather, honest, plain good-by. May all the gods bo with you, for I will not! Yon need them, and yuu do not need me more than another. he. Now, by all the powers that rule thiB curious modern world of analysis and oross- onalysis, or oooupy their Olyinpio loisuro in bringing about tho madness of our day, it shall not be good-by 1 The gocte shall be with me, but only to fight on my side, not to console me for a victory lost. Poor child 1 . you can't kolp your temperament, can you P Ho moro ouu I mine. But yours is the gceater ourse. You are stung by the gadfly of the ideal, aud you aro fated to rage through lifo in search of the perfect lovo, a perfeot lover. Diogenes himBelf, that prince of visionaries, might have held himself modcrato in comparison. You should have lived in a day when I could have olaimed your hand (through battle with a hundred knights ; when your favor would havo had baptism of blood, and I oould at last have come begging homo from Holy Land to die at your feet. You would havo oanouised mo then, in your maiden calendar, with tho samo siuglo-mindodnoss and fervor whioh had inspired you . when! you 'buckled , , on my armor, and sat at prayer and tapestry while I fought the lieatfion host:. Aud since you aro denied that narrow and musty path, you would fain invent wild beasts and paynims of tho mind for me to aonquer. I must play, with you a poetio drama of love, overleap obstacles, and dissect my heart and your own, to note whether the tisanes aro homo geneous. And 1' would do it if tlioro were no other way of' winning you. I am but a man, an actor in this merry game of lifo, and I could well play suoh a pretty interlude, if needs must. But I should do it only under protest, as one might suatob a glove from the arena. Realities far bettor serve my mood, und I'd rather Eit down with you to one of those flashing hours of lightning jjpeeoh than rhyuie you 'love' and 'dove' by n ream, and preteqd-i-ha4jlQt slept since I. ffw you laBtj Heaven save 'KB-!— it's -tin- effliy part to 'play Listen; this is how Strephon would wou you— Strephon who has nrnjnr nvAfl <tn nnvAi will itnvn nn woman's face again whilo you and ho shall live ; nay, who shall be constant beyond the stars ! . ' Last .night I conld not sleep. Tho min utes whispered of you, the hours struck your name.' (Poor methaphor; but Strephon'g metaphors would be poor. You find suoh romantic bathoB only in combination with intellectual povorty.)' 'At midnight I rose,, and looked at the moon sailing her sea of blue. Immeasurably far' (or do thoy knew her : distance P), 'she was yet nearer than you ; or" no iitelligecoe of tho night wohld bring me news of you. Wore you wakeful, and did your thoughts turn bucningly to mo, as mine to you ; or did you wander lonely in dreams whither I could not follow? O most dear, jewel of the earth and desire of all tho winds of heaven that dare to touch your oheek, one word from you or I dio I' Do you like it? The style is fatiguing,, and tho subject matter, feeble as it is, a tax on tbe imagination ; but I.cun turn out such stuff by tho quarto volume, and perhaps I conld evon talk it on a rainy day, when you had lighted my pipe, and I was disposed, like a kindly lord and master, to humor you. Dost liko it, I say, and wilt have moro to morrow P But whatever (thou wilt have, bo assured that I will havo thoo from hence forth and — nay, I cannot say forever, for that would be pure folly, and an arrogance at wbich fate smiles. sns. Why do I answer a letter like that— not even earncBt, but jeering at mo and the holiest of my draams P i do not know, ox- cept that I seem to myself so hopolessly under your influence that Ioannotouc this knot at one- stroke, as a moro horoio woman might. Aud this brings mo to, another reason why I should not be to you what wo both have hoped. I have acoused you of not loving me. I come now to the doubt whether I in the least lovo you. That you attraot mo, I . grant you, and that tho attraotioa is so uimniv 1 /inn linrlw nvUTibfonA nnnn vwu » tuuuiuuu 9I«U JUIU written words, I allow with shame : but that I love you— no, I am not sure of it. What have we in common P I am trying to stumble into the path of tho ideal, and you are contenting yourself with a daily oarnival of intollectual pastimes, with flashing lights and glowing flowers. I want to hind my liopeB to emotions that are imperishable, and relations that are infinite ; you are content to tako the joy of the fiyinghour, aud pledge yourself to no more arduouB task than that of making it your own. You disappoint me at every tarn, and yet you fascinate me. As I write, the ring of your voioo, the remem- branoe of that radiant look you threw me when you rode away, — for your eyes could laugh beoause the sky was blue and the air Boft, and mine were heavy with tears sinoeT must loose you, — the very thought of your presenoe so sweeps over me at times that I whisper tho air to oarry you the message, 'I am yours 1' But, aftor all, I am not. An inner self— a dissenting, stern, and resolute self— says , 'No' ; und I cannot yield. Oh, if you but guessed it, I had been easily wou betore I know you so woll 1 Had you been less honest,— leas insolent, I might write, had yon paid mo the oomplimeat of lying to me, you might, I say, have won me ; but I suppose I shall some day thank heaven that you did not olioose. That you oould stop iu the midst of a letter to the woman you pro fess to lovo, and interpolate a travesty of honest emotion— oh, it ' sickens me ! Let us write no more. What have wo' to say'P For you there aro a thousand pleasure paths, since, as _ you own, you have an idealizing and poetio nature, and there are thousands of women for you to idealize. I have been but a throbbing line in yonr spectrum of lifo. As for me, porhapB I oan some day be wholly thankful that I did, though with breaking heart, ohooae the highest. Do you remember Guinevere's self-despairing «y, , I should have loved ths highest ' f Do you remember how Maggie lulliver turned from Stephen, not alone beoause ho was bound to hor cousin, but because tbe nobler part of ber nature never responded to his call P I do not court martyrdom with theso ; but I strotch out my handn to thorn for help iu tbis stress and' trouble of my life, that their' memory may give rne strength. Do not answer this. Why should wo spat ' with words ? To you it may bo iutolloctually amusing ; to me it is agony. \- he. My child, you never gave no so muoh joy in your life. You say I am fasoinating to you. I make my lowest bow, and rospoud that you aro infinitely charming to jnc. What more do we nsk 'r Love is but u .sub tile attraction, and there is scarcely ono ohance in a million that either of us finds in another tbe mysterious soul-likeness or soul- defforence which draws us now together. 1 consider myself, so to speak, . a saturated solution. (Did Duvid Copperfiold say that betore mo F) I can conceive that I might adore you ; out it is not within tho remotest possibility that I shall meet suoh a being during the next fifty years, and at tho ond of that time I expcot to ho dust. Therefore wo are quito safe, and let us haste to the wedding. By the way, I mot Aunt Eliza beth to-day, aud tpld her we aro to be mar ried in the spring, end she proposed having some jewels set for yuu. I could give yoii dozens of toothsomo little items like this, if you didn't keep me so busy writing about tho state of my soul, or wildly defending myself from the charge of having one: But I implore you as a friend, — nay, as a lover, whose peace of, lining should, be precious to you, — not to mix our affairs -with those of bogies out of books liko Guinevere and the Tullivera. Why should thoy be dragged forth to daunt me? I shudder when you tacitly command me to put on buskins and copy some hero of tragic story. Muoh as I delight iu your letters, I tell you frankly thoymnko me nervous. I feel as if I must respond in blank verse, and my muso has boon halt and blind this many a year. Yon have criticized me tremendonslv. mv ladv. for the last threo weeks. I am going to retaliate, and entargo upon your greatest fault. Neither wines nor fear mo ; 'tis not that you are not fairest, virtuousest of your , sex, but that you have no senso of humor. If you bad, you would appreoiute that neat little bit about Strephon iu my last. I con sider it a olever interpolation ; but you, be ing, as X say, destitute of humor, count it a blasphemy against the Unknown Eros. (And lot me toll you that Eros, in his best estate, does a precious deal of laughing. Ho is nut- brown and rosy, and I shouldn't wonder if be were fed on strong ale and meat, instead of sweets and syllabub.) Think not, though, that I love theo loss for thy foolish seriousness, for in that thou are the moro feminine. No woman yot ovor had a man's sense of humor without losing some osscnco of fineness, somo aroma of her sex, priceless beyond jewels. And so I do not acouse you beoause I would have you other than you aro, but that you my aay to yourself, when you do not approve me, ' It ia because, be ing a man, ho sees tho strango, jagged edges of events, and the way they fit . into caoh other — tho awful inoougruouBnoss of life ; ho smiles ovor the grim irony of tho game, aud emiles wbero I should pray.' You will keep on striving for the impossible, seeking tho gold. at the ond of tho rainbow; and I shall poro ovor tbe pebbles at my feet, in scaroh of some more shining than the rest, to build into our garden wall. Wo will still be different, but alike in that we love eaoh other. he. (Telegram.) Are you ill? Why do you not write ? she. (Telegram.) I am quits well. .Letter follows. she. : My Friend: My last lettor tells you my reason for not writing; Howcouldvnir havo 4aisr4ife--or-f orgottcn f ;>sSid- then that" wo have nothing in oomnVoii, . and that wo ; must part. What could I add ? There was no neeu or lurmer vaiuaiotory. let it mere be need, let me say now that I wish you all good, all happiness and poaco. I am your friend. . . . 1 " (To bo oonclnded next week.) 