(iu Rtom fUsKBTEB.J PA'S GOVERNESS. Of OOUCKB, Miaa Wide was really my geveroSM, thatis, shi was engaged lo tench •e.bot U WHB I'a who ann^eil lier,»o I cull fcyhbto distinguish her from tho others wbbea Ma liarl chonen. Oli ! how I wish •be weald always leave I he choice of one to )Pk, but the never did, cxoei>t ibal once— asd that was through an nceidoiit —and I'm qaite aura ahe never will again. It bap ■•aed id title way. Ob* day early in June, my eieler Maggie, who is married, telegraphed for Ma. The telegram came while we were at breakfast, aad ma are live ut Brixton, she had to harry t> catch the t'n-tbirty from King's Cross. " William, you must go to Skilbury's for M," stid Ma, ss she wag bustling about, •ettlng ready. Bkilbory'e was as agency for the supply of governesses, and Ma bad written to about half-a-doeen out of the hundred or eo who had applied for the ailnation and told them to meet her there that morning at twelve. " All right, my dear," replied Pa, calmly —nothing ever puts Fa cut " Am I to cn fage one of the young women, or put them •fl with (air words till a more convenient MM t" " I don't know whether I mo trust yon," Hid Ma doubtfully. " I auppoae 1 must though, or Effie trill be running wild while lam away, and therein no telling how poor Maggie may need ins. Mind, I don't want one wlio U too young, or yeara older llian 1. am, or hideously ugly, and 1 won't pay more than fifty. I know you'll chose the leaat auitable of I he lot, bub—well, do try and use your common tenre for onoe, and mind you tell Mr. Skilliuiy to make the agreement terminable al a monih'e notice." When Ma bad gone, Pa looked at Uncle Fled, who Ihred with ua and chuckled. ' Eflta, my dear,' he said, " I can't walk ' Into the Gorgon's den all alone and nn proieslad. Von must come with me. Let ne ace, I must go into the city firet. Fred, get yoor boota on. You and Mias Madcap bad (iatt«r go down loo. You can cool your baelaand improve rourmiodt inside 8b Paal'a for an hour or ao till I'm ready (or UnolO'Fred at that time was ao liatieaa •ad iadifTareiii that he always did whatever any bod v told him He had been engaged, and the girl had married aomeone elae, ao of oourae he fancied hie htart wm broken. >«t even be couldn't help laughing at the Wey Fa want on as we'rede down to Black frilra on the tram. I don't think I quite understand Pa. I ■appose he and Ma love each other—they toihl to do, as they have been Married nearly £<re Mid-twenty j-eara ; bat when .ever Ma goeeaway Pa hehavea like a school hoy home for a holiday—like the eort of aeboolbtly yon read about in book*, I mean —not the atuck-np solemn things you see at the pantomime trying to look as if it bored them, t e hid not had a holiday—I ■Man Ma had not been away— fur a long time, and he was wone than usual that day. It is no (rood trying to write down the things he said. For one thing, I can't rtmenber them, and for another, most of Pa's jokes are like aerated waters, spark ling and refreshing when he lets tbem oB, but tat and Insipid afterwards. Half the fan of them is in his expression when he makes than, and no one oould ever per eaade him that a man ought not to laugh •t his own jokes. Ph'b laugh is catohing thjpjfb, and long beinif we got to Black frftrsUnele Fred whs Ina^hing too, b^ouuse Pa said chat pnrhapo amung the halfdonik Jaoo Byres -Pa called all my governo-sea Jane Byre—there might be one who would fee a ooneotation to him. For some time after Pa left as Dnde Feed remained cheerinl. He imated me to ices and sutae lovely urertu, bat when we were in St. Panl'e he relapsttl, Hnfl Htoori so loiif; ■taring at Wellnigmn's lumb.niicl looking a» if he wished lie trim under it, that I was quite iilad when Pa eatne and took me ofi to Hktlbury's In a hansom. " l)*Hghled lo mnbe ynur acquaintance. : Mr. Wilkin*," nid Ur. Skilbury, wlien Pa explained that lio had come instead of Ha ; " your alter ego, if you wi)l pardon the term,. Iiua Ionic been one of my moat ealeeniei elienia. TIh», I auppoae, la Ihe yoonic lady on whose bali&lf; my services •I—er—*U»ll *o any a winnower of the •bait fioin die rliifl t—tire required. Ah, •alt.well I' Mater pulcliiH, lilia pulchrior." 1° really bejj your purilnn ; my tongue rnna amy witli me nt rimei. If you will Irindijr •tap tbia way, Sr, llio Crab of Ifao eeleoted •ndi^atea ibatl bo with you in a moment." He Mid all I iiif 'vary fast, especially the Latinjpart of ii, and 1 think lie must bare morea ~fca quickly uc lie rpohc, for lie had •earojjly oloaed ilie door uf his privule office upon tta, whon 'be 0| oned it again und annotthcerl " Mini Wmle,'' before Pa had •Van time to finifli tellinp me what he hboapta of )iim. " Be aeimo. a queer old - was all Pa bad told, when ilia queer oM whatever it wucame ba«k, I feur Mr. Skiiburv heard him, and I<4tiuiw Mia* tVsitd did, for a< ahe Molt a aeat, the looked at me with eyes eo foil of fan, that I couldn't, liolp xmiling at hit. Then ahe amiled back, and Pa caught ber in the act, but lie didn't teem to be vexed. " Good uornlnit, Nj»« Wade." lie aaid, roiling himself. " These ere your teoti wnllb, I belie re ? Verv satisfactory, I'm ••re. You Mk fifty pounds a year, don't foa } Good : we shan't quarrel ubout that You arc at present disengaged? Veiv good, ver—-y good indeed 1 EfBe, my deur, I tblhk you and Mias Wade will fiet on well Whether, eh 1" " Ob, yea, papa," isaid I. Miss Wade was jmt lorely, and her eyea neemed to be kngbiog all the time, eo I really raeuiit. it, though I thouelit it wan very tilly of Pa to auk me eueli a <iuotlo», for I couldn't have said " no/' even if tlio Imd been the gritntneet of pnui old horrors. " Tliat'e all riirht (hen," said l'a. . "I hop* Miss Wnde i* ol iUe enine opinion.*' Sbo aaid abe was, and lo tny ff.eni dehniil Pa engaged ber without even oecitm any of the others who were wai<inif. "Yeo'vn not been loncnbout it, William," •aid UncleFied, when we readied the place where lie wat waiting for ua. " No, my boy," replied Pa. " There was no need to hesitate. 01{Lj3kilbury trotted out his beet goods first "ve engaged a Wn.ie. She's Then Pa wlii>i|ieied, bull am almost sure he said •'sitinner." Uncle Fred laughed, and lold l\i to mind lie didn't net bis hair combed, by which, 1 suppose, bo meant he thought Ala. luiglu be vexed, Ik cause I'd iiftd tU«tfU tt'wty without seeing any body else, though I oonldn't ne irhjr ah* should be. . Miss Wad* was not hideously ugly but ' very pretty, and if twenty-two is rather 3 ounjr for a poverties*, she bad had plenty of experience, as the bad been in no fewer i than six diBerent situations in four ye&ra.; She had splendid testimonials, too, and nerer seemed to have left threaten any fault of her own, X read the copies she had sent us when I got home, and tbev made me feel quite sorry for her, because always as abe was settling down, some accident hap pened, and she was turned oat One lady was very sorry to part with Miss Wade, and only did so beoauue she was sending her girls to school. Miss Wade had left anotherfamily, which esteemed her highly, because the boys were tearing school, and there wasn't room for a resident governess in the home ; and a third lot of stupid people went abroad, and, much as (hev thought of her, couldn't manage to take her with them. " Nerer mind, dear," thought I. " Mu won't send me to school, and we are not at all likely to go abroad, so, if I like you af modi as I think I shall, you hare found a place at last which yon ought to keep for some years." I did like her, tso, even better than I expected. 8he came, the next day, early in the Aiterno n, and the first delightful thing I found out about her was that she played law n-tennis beautifully. Some of our neighbours (tick up nets on the most ridiculous little patches of gra«*,butt here is plenty of room for a full-sized court in our garden, and both Pa and Dncle Fred are Tory fond ot the game—only Uncle Fred has pretended he doesn't care about it since ha was thi own over, pa was coming home at fire that evening, and I was to ask one of the girls next door to come in and make up the set t but as Mies Wade said she played there waa no need to do that. " Oil 1 I'm ao glad you play," said I. " Would you like a game now, just to net used to the lawn, ready for this evening ? " lacked her that, because 1 know by pain ful experience how often girls, who seem to think raoketw were made to hold behind their bucks, and show oB their Humes. ray they can " play " lawn tennis ; but I felt ashamed of my artfulness when she gave me a good beating. We had only one set then, because Uncle Fred, who bas plenty of money and doesn't du any work, came out when we bad finished, and began to compliment Miss Wade on her play, I was surprised, for ever sinoe Mi>e Parkinson Jilted him, Uncle Fred has hidden himself or has gene oil somewhere, whenever aoy grown-up girl comes to the house, and 1 suppose it was my surprise msde mo introduce him in such a »i'ly way. Oh 1 Miss Wade," I said. " This is Uncle Fred." It was very foolish, beeaue„ rte is Ma's brother and his surname is Fowler, but it didn'puuch matter, for though Um. Wade called him Ur. Wilkint, the mistake led to • laugh and a tot of nonaenae about eur Dimn, and christian names. ud ntck namea, which put him and Miaa Wade at their can directly. Pa atared when he oama home and found us all having tea oat in the garden, and he opsnad bin eyae atlll wider whan Uncle Fred told iiim not to waste more time than he could help in getting into hie flannel*, at Miu Wade we* an «alhuaiait, a.ad bad been eager to begin for the last quarter of an hour. " How do we play 1" aaked l?a when he nr ready. "'Ill- Wade and I give you and Effie fifteen," leplied Uncle Fred, who aeemed quite keen on tbe gpme again. We beat them, bat oh t that aet \raa bard work. Pa plays a ball very well—when he can get to it—but ha it rather atont and very lacy, eo when I am hie fwrtner he niabea ma ran all over tbe court, and calls me a duller becauae 1 can't be on botli aide ikies at unoe. It nally ian't fair, anB he doesn't expect hie otlier partner* to betall lege and winga. For inalanee, that eveniaig later on, Uiaa Wade and 1 changed ovet, and then it was : "Never mind,Uiaa Wade* Pray don't over exert yoanelf. Remember) it'a only a game after alL What we <niat| to-day we'll take to-morrow. Benthaw1 bimaalf would never have reached t hat oae." In apite of Pa'a unfairoeaa, I enjoyed my game and wai almoab aorry whun dinner waa nndy though I waa fearfully hungry. Any time ia dinner time in our luiuae, be cauae Pa ia so irregular in hia liabilie. Thia evening it *u eight, and 1 don't think I ever enjnyed a dinner more. Pa «u in the bigbeat spirits, and even Unole Fred (bowed no birds of telapaing into hie habitual gloom. Anyone would bare thought Miss Wade was Pa'a favourite nieoe instead of the governess, be Deemed so anxious to please her. Our usual family drink is beer, but Pa insisted on what he calla " broaching " a bottle of champagne, in honour dt Miss Wade'a arrival—or ratber, aa Ma was away there tai no need for him to insist; he just had to fetoh the bottle from the cellar and open it1. After dinner we had Home tnuiic. Miaa Wade played the piano quite aa well as she did luwn-tennia, und she gang very nicely too, not sliinid daasicAl things, but lively j ballads, such aa " Twickenham Ferry," and " Cherry Ripe." Uncle Fited can slnj; —housed to be always singing, when lie was engaged—and that evening be began again. When we were tired of music we went out into the garden and sat under a tiee and talked. After a while Uncle Fred aaid be was sure Miss Wade would catch cold if she sat still any lonper ; and he made euch a fusa that, though it was warm enough, and I knew she wasn't really frightened. fthe pot up and walked about with biro. 11 thought it wan rathe* coo! of undo Fred to monopolise Miss Wede tike that the very first evettLfiir, but 1 was so tared of ieeiog hi hi Kotajf about looping over the falseueee of thut Miss I'arkiifeon, that I felt I could forgive him hie eelfWnncse, if he found Miee VVide'e company *aa any caneoUlion lo him. It was yoon evident thut he did 6:id it a very gre&b; coneolotion. Out of le^eon lioun he never Ufi ub. For tbo tint week we )>luyed teimie every afternoon, vxcept two dajewheo it rainod,a*id then he read tiloud to ub while we worked. Then he bepan to take ub oub. We wont for drive*, we went sp the rivat aod down tlie river, to Madame Tuasaud'fl. to tfce Zoor Hyde Park, West* mioetcr Abbey —everj where, in feet* Miss Wade had never been in London be* fore, until it was all new to her. So were the ifioativH, but we didn't bepin coin# to Uhow uniil she had bceo* with ue ricaily three week*, ami lb en Tu alwny# went h < Be Mid be didn't see why w« should have *U the fun to ourselves, while he vm slav ing away in the city. That wu one daj after we had rowed up from Tcddington to .Hampton Court, and didn't get back till nearly ten ; so, to keep Pa in a good humour, Uncle Fred snggepted that we should all go to the " Andacit)/' the next night. We went, not only to the " Audacity," but to another in the same weekend to two more the week after. Pa likes theatre-going and so do 1 ; but tbip was an anunual treat for me, as Ma dnern't approve of loo much of it for young girls. Then Ma csme home and spoilt everything. She came quite unexpectedly, too. We had been to the M Ambiguity,"and were having supper afterwards. Pa had " broached " another bottle of champagne —why, I didn't know, though 1 guessed— and we were all very merry wiien in came Mm. Fa wag facing the door and eaw her first. He slopped «hort in the middle of drinking Miss Wade's health, and looked like the pictures of men who are supposed to hare seen ghosts. " This is a very pleasant surprise, my d ar," he said to Ma, who stood in the door way looking very anery. Ha smiled as be spoke, did Pa, but his smile reminded me of the boy next door, who onoe smoked a pipe to show ofl before me and one ofhissister*. Ma took no notice of bim, but oame forward iulo the room, with her eyea fixed on Mios Waile, as if abe was fasoinsted by her. Uncle Frei) rose and offered her • chair, but she waved him back. " Not at present, thank you, Frederick," she said. "Pray, where is Miss Wade, and how is it that she has allowed Effie to be present at this—or— festivity ?" " Why, Ma," I put in, " this is Miss Wade, of course." " Oli I Indeed I " mid Ma, looking very much aatnniehed, though I liad described Mirs Wade very carefully in my lettera, and had said betides that the didn't look a bit like a governess. " I am very (clad to hear it. Under the circumstances. madam, I naturally assumed that you ware the—er— guest of uiy hus band or my brollier. But, no doubt, you have not yet been made acquainted with the rules of the house. One of them is, that Jllffie never stays up after ten with out my special permission. Eflie. |to to bed." I kissed them all, and went—but not to bed. I wouldn't do such a thing now, of course,but I wasonly fourteen then,and the temptation was very strong. I left the door just a wee bit ajar, stopped outside and listened. " Fred, I believe Maria thinks we are entertaining the Queen of Sheba," began Pa. " My dear, I aeebre you this young lady really is Miss Wade, whom you com missioned me to engage at Skilbnry's, and of whose arrival you wen advised by letter of the eighth ult." I guufed by the tone of hit voice that Pa iru trying to joke, but Ui idd very aerioualy, " I can quite believe that, William. Perhape yon will explain how yon have beguiled Min Wade into thinking that uucli—er—diteipalion aa tliia *n per mimible for Iter pupil." "Well, the fact it, my lore," explained fa, " Fred and Miw Wade an thinking of trying a liltie experiment in matrimony, and thia little jollification ia in honour of— of, well the eiguingof (he treaty of allianoe, aa it were.' We have all been to the 1 Ambiguity/ and, aeoording to my cuatooi on thcae special occaaiona, I broaohed a bottle on our return. I—I raallv think the beat thing weoando ia to breach jpother in honour of your eafe arrival, my dear. Fred, your lege are younger than mine, and you know the bin —" Uncle Fred movea quickly, to I rtaycd to hear no more, but ran away upaiaira before he came out. I don't know exactly what want on over that eeoond bottlo, but Ma mutt bare softened a Rood deal, for in the morning she waa quite friendly with Mita Wade, Who •tayed with us until (he and unite Fred were married a fortnight later. I don't think, though, that Ma really liked her, becauae after the wedding die \- wai quite angrv with me for aa) ing that aa Pa unH I had mado ■nrli ■ nn1«ndifi<nliaina. we had better go to gkilbnry'a together again. When I told ft, end asked him what Mt'i objection to Miaa Wade eeuM possibly be, be laughed, end said he inp> posed Mu thought she was too pood looking for a governess. That, of course, waa bis nonsense, because, though a governess's looks can't iratler mocb, any body would naturally pi efer a pretty one, and Ma herself had eaid ebe wouldn't bare an ugly one. What made Ma oome home eo un expectedly I Well, I have heard—mind, ibis is a secret -that somebody aent bar an anonymoue letter, aaving that Pa me makine lovo to the new governess | but auroly, Ha would no more believe such an aconaation than Pa would dream of giving groundi for it. She : Tbat waa tuota a tunny story yon tol < mt yeelerrtay a tout a daakey, Mr. Gricp ' He : Do you think so ? the: Vh. ihdeel; after this, wheaevar 1 aee a donkey it will remind ma of yea. ••• Their Treasure. - Old Golteror: Bo, you really tore onr dsngbter ? Ghtrley Van New t I do. Old Getierof: Very cell, you may ban her. But dea't talc* her fmm us too soon, air boy— not loo soon, from b>r eld lather and anther, Hot before to-morrow. Promise me that. ••• Wife s Did you lotiw at tbe put/ last «w ingbow grandly cur daughter Clara swept ioto the room ? Huibaod (with • gruat) i Ob, yet; Clara eta sweep loto the room grandly enough, bat when it cornea to eweeplog oat the roots eho iiu't there. . " Aud did hesay bereowBbered mewhei 1 w»a • icifI P" '• ffo; La aaid ba reaeaibetod yoa wbea be was a bey." He Waa Mistaken—Ola Gentleman : Looiio, I beard eonte one being kiaeed onoe or ftwioe in ttw ball laat night. Waa it yoo P LouUe (bliubiDf): Oaoe ot twice, did you mv, papa t Old GtBtleman: Tee. iiouiae : Then it waao't t. Brimbteeorn (fieroely) t Do you lore oe, Deborab P lAiaa Brace: Ketlly, you are ae ini|«luoue ! Brinbleoorn (with a groan): I reckon you'd bi impeluoui if you were koeelief oe a caetut! Yoittisf 