THE LITTLEBOROUGH BACHELORS' BALL. ' No, Frank,' said Jim Wiokham, in reply to bis compsnkn's question, ' we have not had a Bachelor^' Ball in Littloborougb for the last three yoare.' Captain Cargenves elevated his feet carefully en to tho mantel-piece end tilted back his eliflir. His host watched him nervously, beiog con cerned for tbe peril of tbe Crown Derby tea cups. ' I don't think 1 shall break anything*,' mur mured Curgenven, contentedly; ' I b»ve only got slippers on. It is awfully good of you to put me up for the night at such short notice. Do you mind moving tlmt photogrnph-frame— tbe one in oxidised silver, I mean ? 1 troublo you in the interest of the article itaelf. Thank you. Now, if your mentelboard is reliable, as it ought to bo, I shall ' 'horooghly comfortable in body and mind.' Wickham. seemed to be used to his visitor's ways, and conscious that remonstrance was use lew. He made no comment, and returned to the subject uader discussion. ' As soon as Charlie Davidson got married'' be contimud, 11 no the gallant remnuot of single blessedness in Litlleborough, considered it about ttme to cease Advertising every Christ mas our fortunate condition. Charlie had man aged (he linchi lors' Ball for years.1' ' And successfully 'f' ' ISxecrably . no worse Secretary could have been found. That was his grrai merit, because everybody wan alwnys prepared to nbuse htm. Be alwats offended two-thirds of the neigh bourhood ; he forgot to invite his mother snd 44 Poor old Charlie said Curgenven, with a smile, 'his head was never very clear, nor his memory very trust worthy.' ' When ho resigned he lo: t the management of the ball in pucU evil odour that nobody iu tbe town couM be iircvuilcd on to undertake it ; so tbe ball wne ihoppe.l. Ueside«, thtre was rather ? painful iitcideiit in couniction with the last dunce wo gave that hits not yet bf*eo explained to all.' 'Tbii is very exciting,' remarked his friend. ** Please to rcnumb'r that 1 have been four years in Indin. aud am dyin^ for I,it'le':or.'Ugb ct-WH. Relate tbe -jccunv:.c-i i.i your own iui mital.le s'ylc, whilu I finokc and li-ten.' Jim Wickliuin was a seasutird bnch--lor,who8n earliest uiid only lnvi: lia«i Iteon ibe *oud'1 of Lis own vnicc A kindly lit t It; bnsyb-j'ly, f« w things in i.ittlohorougli tsc-jM'! the n qtusitiun of his double «*ypgliiss. He dn w r clin r t«i t'ie lire, witb u iin-liininar)' oii'jrklo in Mpprerintion of his own punvis to do ju^tii e to I.i* subjert. ' I lu'.d bnrdlyhny it wuk Cbnrlie Davidson's fault nntin-ly,' lie bvgm. 'Von know w.1 used to have a lisi of Y*e-P '? that «t:ro invited «»v- ry y«-ar. Cliarlifl ahvi.y* n«ut ttiem imitations, whether lb. y bad left the place, or wcic dead, or bankrupt. uw d to invito thorn all. He asked -Id M-ss C'mnb. rbalcli ttire^ successive yearu after b«T dwitli at tbe agu of 79.' ?? But ntiu nt vor would accept, I suppose ?' 44 Nu ; h'iu never appeared. But at last he Acked auotlier man wiio also dead.' ' Umletcrrcd bj tbe ailoncoof filiaa Cumber bat.-b? ' 44 .And tlii«5 man,' said Wickbam, lowering bis vu ct', .ind luy:ng hie lia':d on bi» com jwn-si's nrm, ' actually nj»p--ar.-»i at tbe ball. Tlmt s 'li- in rmnfo-t -M.1 (.art of ,t.' ' (Inn I l.or.l ! '' suid C'lrgi'iiven, ' I say, you'll i a\y t.. sluft that Sc»ri;H fluwcr-vase ; if you ntakf Jinv rcore siatenicnia of that kind, I buall l-c kickntg it over.' His bi»~t r-.s«, olhdi«tntlT, and cleared a wtdet space iu lie nt-ig'ubuurhood ol his companion' e slip}M TH. K' thcr hprkc lor a inornt lit or two, and then CWgeuvt n dtramidtd cout nuancf sud nil osp ,u a li.ii. ' \Vu«- rn cart i wm the man ? ' ho nsked. ' H-; bH.l i.o l ii-iii- 8s to be anyi.ody on earth then,' was Wicklmm's reply. 14 Ilia name wai Dunlop J''ur^ucion. 1 dare say you remetnbei 'Oh ! yes, rather. He was a quiet, nice kind of rha,?. I did not know bim at all w-ll He »a-- up iu these parts learning banking, wa^n't he ? 1 n-memhor hi:n chiefly as a prent friend obi Wat^rtleld, the banker. Kurely ht wds ill Watfi-fii'ld't bank ? ' ' Tbat\ the man. He wm a «rt at friend of mine, and he was a great friend of Kilty Wnterfield's— be used to talk lo me about her.'' ' I knew a girl w.-uld be bound to come into the story t-ojn. Whet is she like ? Attractive i 1 don't know h«T rvt-n by Mjjht.' ' Not the least attrnctive. Good eyes and a white face. Nobody known anything about her. She never talks to anybo-ly. Sbc'is either toe shy or tou ne rved. 1'vo kuown her all Ikt life, and Ulccn htr iu to dinner ulf'Ul thirty timttf. I once estrjct^ d from her a lljat (-be difliktnl tomAtoes, but that is the only cou'id' ence sbr has bv«t Imnoured mv villi. mill, Frr^uflon, I f-ncy, got a bit furtlivr with lur than Ihr.t. Inderd, ho wni desi eratrly kcon on h- r. I can't for the life ol me imagine why, except for t^e fuel that shf 'dido't cure straws i«b-mt bim. }^hc lined tc be ruJc to bini- buu^b, niM that was mi ad vance on the diMnn-ly polite attitude fibf adopted towi.rds - v- lybu v ? l-n. '? Well, at tbe lost Bai-'ch»r« Ball but one, Ft rguson aud Mi*s Watc.liold Sauced to^cihei mure than ome, i can vouch tor thnt, ami ih-y sat out lo^et^er pietty i»ft- n too She wo* never in rmn !i ilemitid ils it p-r ner, though he Was |-opu]ar e'i-ujli : bul be oi ver looked ai anybody else tli«t ng:»t. His eje« followed ber, like a dug's eye* all ever the room ; and obf went f bout, either with bim, or without bim, * pjlc, inscrutable sphinx, looking neither happy nor unhappy, but absolutely unroncemcd. f*h- looked rather pretty that ni^iit, but whetbei ehfl enji-ycd herself or not I havi uot tbe least idea. Old Ferguson bad promised to come ir and Lave a smoke with me after the dance; and as he was putiing hi* c- nt on in tbe cloak-room, 1 Raid ?. Y 'U're coming round for a pipe, eh ? ' He aaid : ' Not to-night. I flunk. I'm a bit doue ap potnehuw.' 1 thtyiight he seemed rathei low-spirited and iiied,(ind be ehook lismle witb me, which wa6 rather a ruin thing lo do. Well, that was foot yea is ago, and I have ucver set eyes on tbe man since. Mind tho cluck, Frank, your right foot »s dangt rously near it.' ' You ought uot to say such startling things, then. Goon.' ?' Tho neift day Fergusou left Littleborougb without a wvrd to anybody. His b iters were to be furwnrded to him at some club in London, 1 forget whirii. Moat |-ei'plu w.. ink-red at his going, and missed him not a little ; but tbt only person who could throw auy light on i1 was Mis* Watertield, aud nobody in bis tenser ever dreamed of pumptue ber. Sbc went oo jubt as usual not looking either melancholy ok ndioved, but simply exj.rcsfiieulofls. 1 spoke to ber once about hircu hut ehe acver answered, snd I changed tbe subject to Koaic, when.* pin had just been. 8he waa not exactly garruluof on that topio either; Lut that is neither here oor there. 44 We had jtut isaaed the invitations for the next Bachelor's Bali i yejr after, and Charlit Davidson, wbo was i-ugaged to bn married at tb« time had signalised biH farewell appesn-nrf in Secretary by making even a bigger measoftbe ball than usual. On that occasion he overlooked ti e I ord- Lieulenant and tbe Coloucl in et ui maud. I was in he County Club lunching one day with two or three other fedown, when a Dim said suddenly, 4 1 srethat poor vcung Kcr g,.Mjn, who was up hrre, is dead. Hu d i f- 1 ?juicwhorc in Africa al-out six weeks ago. It in all the papers. Didn't anybody sue it P ' ' N^nc of us had s-cu it, and it was a great shot k to me. But Charlie Davidson, who was them, turned as pslc us a sheet, and laid donu his knife and fork. 1 knew at once be bad s- nt fonr Ferguson a card for the ball, and for once felt rather sorry for bim, as he looked very much upsot. *' Young Haliburtori, however, began to crack bis cuidomary jokea at Charlie's expense. Ho obsnrvtd that *e should have % chevrlul ball if evi-rybo-ly our secretary invited turne-l up, and was further anxious to discover if Queen Anne bad been asked, saying he thought »he might be offended at the omission. But when be went on and said it was enough to drap young Fer guson from his grave, the luckless Charlie looked so ill that people told Halibnrton to dry Dp, and not try and bo funny on a subject like that. , . ?« You know, I think Davidson was worked up into rather an * eerie ' state of mind when the eventful night arrivod. Ho has often, in telling me the story of what he saw, remarkod that ho telt a presentiment ? -' 44 Oh. don't' intenupted his listener. 41 Don t let ns have any presentiments. Go on with tUe ^^Jiist as you like,' replied Wiokham, mildly. ** Anyhow, whatever Charlie's state of mind was, the supper-room had just been opened, snd he was rushing about telling tho wrong men to take intbe wrong ladies Heeaiucinthecourse of bis career to a small sitting-out room close to the entrance-bill. It was rather a cold and unpopular room, with a dejectod-looking palm tne in tbe centre, rod fitted out with the sh&b;* biest of the sofas and chairs. The bnll secretary came in, but he stooped quite as hastily iu tbe doorway. For* sitting side by side on a coach exactly opposite him were Miss Waterfield and Donlop Fersguson. The intruder was too much ?taagurcd to see very clearly, but he looked Ferguson full in the face snd saw that he was white aud haggard. 44 Charlie Davidson could not stand the sight, and bolted out like steam. He managed to find mc in the supper-room, and I could not tbiuk what was the row wiili him. I gave him some brandy, which lie wnn*cd badly ; and then he told mn what --c bad seen, and begged mc to go and sco what I could sue. '? Well, Frank, it is not a very pleasant thing to l-e ordered to gu and ins|«ct a choat, and I h- hit:dcd a little Hut tin n I concluded eitbei tb't they bad been mistaken in telling u« that l'lT^usnn was dead, or elre that Charlie had been mi---t'keii in thinking that be had seen him. £o I nut on an calm a face as 1 could and made straight for tfie spot?' I went in airily sn3 casually, only to Qud there was nobody tlierc but Miss Waterfleld. She was leaning back od the sofa, with b*r bands behind her look ing op at tbe electric light.' 44 Didn't she seem upset ?*' avked Curgenven, ' or startled ? ' 41 She looked nothing, as sbo always did,' was the reply. 41 There was positively not one sign about her that could t* 11 cnybodv anythiog. She looked, if anything, a little bored.' 44 That Is quite tbe com ct expression for a girl lo wear,' observed Cureenven, selecting ? cigarette from the box on the i?ble, ' wh-n her dead lover has returned frutn Uu- grave to mt-fot her on tbe anniversary of tho day she rejecie J mm. 1 suppose you catechised ber Y ' ' My cross-examioatiun was very skilrul, for I led up to it gently. 1 *aid I didn't know she was all alone ; to which she replied, ? Didn't you : whirh is a chilling sort of i.m«er, «nd one at whu-b fhe was very pu al. I co'.M not for the life of me gu on to sr-y that I had Ix^-n told a ghost was sitting out the supper dnnc.s with ber. I nmde some general rematk, wlu- h she receive*! witb a uolit-' 4 IiuK-ed !' displa\iug no intereat of onv Itin-i : and thun her mother suddenly c»-nie in. Her inotlitr is talkative, and an idiot, so I fled, leaving the seciet be hind me. 41 I'm bound lo sav that Charlie Davidson added considerably to the atory I iter on in the evening when s»vt-ral glusses of cbampigne in tervened bet wee ti himself and the facta. He rac.de out that Ccrgu nn'ii whole demeanour v-as corjjse-hke and sup. r.i.dural, ind added a ^ug gi-stion of a bullet-wound in hi* f.T--l;c»d, im plying suicide. However, other people wi*re in clined to be Inrs imprcsr-cd, aud hiutcd ihut the Secretary ha-l been ssmpliog the dtinksbeToie supper. Young Ilnlihurton, when he w-fi next in Lontb n. mme li.iejii ie-- at Ver^it-ou'i« club whither ('hi-rl e had i-evtcd the c^rd for the Bnphelois* B.ill. TJii.- flub por'er said he li -d beard nothing «-f Fi-rg --S!--m for sev. ral moiilh', and that h.- luii lift no cd-ltc-i* t-j wlii'b h'm letters m g it t-* fu. ivjiidcd. He sh. w d Hai Lurlon al.-xit t-.-irty 1» ttcrs fer Ki rgnMin, and Halibnrton e,j;r.|y «-arcl»cd H-oi.^h ;li- tn t-r 1 find Chai'i- 's in*, it:;' mi'. P. it-tlu-s wis j. v. rv ! strange le.'t' i'1 in it -t'.-* invtlat on to t'.e b-.ll was not nm.-ng the letters. Wasn't tli-t ' It was, indeed. That had evidently found hi:n n :t sO':ew!iere bejond !:i- ('1»|1»,' ' Shortly af er this ic n ikd le uppirit i- n, Mi's '.V-.tcrtiel i nt i».-y fimi l.ittle 'ron - h 1 think kIi ?? Qt al.'i'uh-l to l ain s-.Die sp^ees nf n.ns:' al irr ' r.ito'iit in (Ji-niai-y, I hli.vo music infer.- her fsmt'y, n.uefi n'.or-' t tin u louTrS or i^h.-.t,'-. (if A very w-st- -urn in thoi -Jl\%b enc* -ill ut iMii wi»i- n- '.y doad he eoii'-i.i' r- d I. ill;, W. -.i-rfi.-M in la'.y guilty of h'«- di nt h. I'p -ii* v. i icij a htiil ui-r man sugg-'U-.l that he shoui-1 go uml te] . h- r Captain Curg nv.-n cot-i i, T. -1. ic Jia n's steiy an f-sce' i- t line, an-' it .m inrd an ex celleid 'd'-iv. I-. )ii-- i -.r,i;il !? ;-. i - ? i) nm- il v hi llR | H'l l -1 t'l :- ? ill tin- J.tn- i I'.i- 111 rriii^e. U- -' giH]i!iel h. 1 1 1 . ? loin .?* f i i -'?* - iii-it:iin Mr. t'..pe Ti'Wn. I'len h«- n- ie ti-i lit t the tbft L:tt elxn-)iij.h p-\i i.i- al ;e-i nr-; - rf had j -it very - onnhrsiv e ev, l. :.re tli:U th- r«:ign on wl o appeared ut th.' La 1 na* t he sun. K r. nson «*lio was dead. ('Iia he UjivlImiii an I Wirkliam both maintain tbtt the man »li.i ha-i ju«t been marriod is another p- r^on ot the s;mi- name. Others, however, h- -I « I that Ferguson paid a flyiog visit to Littb borough to try a last fall with his hard-heart«-il focliitntress. And when Miss Waterlield conies eaok to her native town certain bold xp.iits have re»o|v«d t-- c«st lots to dc-ide who shall -pio-tion her and Qud out tbe truth.-»' Vunity Fair.' 