FOR UNITED AUSTRALIA. THE GOLDEN CHANCE OF JUNE THE FOURTH. Federation Now or Never—That is the question to be decided next Saturday week. It is hard to distinguish between the Anti-Federalist and the Provincialisfc. If not for union where is the ground on which Australians can take their stand, except for disunion, dissension, disaffec tion, perpetual dissatisfaction, and tur moil, aggression and reprisal, and, in tl'e long run, border anarchy? Let no man beguile himself into the belief that he ran find a neutral ground. There is none. Australia as one, or Australia torn to pieces; one or the other for one and all,—The late Sir Henry Parkes, The man who asks for "more time"—to be educated in federation—and "more time" to consider the question—wants to live to (he age of Methuselah. Federation has been talked about and written about in Australia for at least the last forty five years! Anti-Federal "financiers" say, "Don't let us join the union—it will ruin us!" Mark '/wain says—"The difference between a cat and an untruth is that a cat lias but nine Jives." "In some, it hasbeen too evident from their own publications that they have scanned the proposed Constitution, not only with a predisposition to censure, but with a pre-determination to condemn; as the language held by others bet rays an oppo site pre-determination or bias, which must render their opinions also of little moment in the question."—Madison in 1788, when urging the acceptance of the institution of the United States. "Federation: Is God in it?" A Sydney minister answers—"Yes." "It is on some of these conditions of nationhood that I wish now to dwell I am not going to discuss the Commonwealth Bill, Per sonally, I accept it heartily, as the out come of patient and earnest delibera tion by the ablest men of these colonies, and the best in my opinion we are ever likely to get. But you have the measure in your own hands. Its provisions have been drafted in plain and simple terms. You are therefore just as able as I am to form an opinion upon its merits or demerits. My concern is that as citi zens, Christian citizens especially, we should give to the proposed Constitution the conscientious consideration to which it is entitled, and which its bearing on the future of Australasia demands, and having done that, should give effect to our convictions when the day comes, holding our votes as a sacred trust won for us by the heroic struggles, sacrifices, and Bufferings of our forefathers, and to be handed down by us unimpaired to our children and children's children. . . . The sum of the. whole matter, then, is this: Let His Kingdom come and His will be done in this island-continent as it is in Heaven, and the Commonwealth founded here will shine forth with a material and moral splendour as intense and far-reaching as ever streamed from the motherland, that precious gem set in the Northern seas." . . Rev. J. T. Warlow Davies, M.A., in the Congrega tional Church, Newtown, Sydney, April 24, 189S. It is easy to find fault, if one has a dis position—even with such a desirable deed of Federal partnership as that provided by the Commonwealth Bill. "There was once a man, who, not being able to find any other fault with his coal, complained that there were too many prehistoric toads in it." The rTPort fof the New South Wales Fi nancial Commission) has cut down the in dividual contribution from the alarmist figures we have been familiarized with lately to a much lower standard, and the public is able to see for itself that there is nothing at all ruinous in the cost of federation.—-"S.M. Herald." Only one opinion can prevail as to the value of federation to the South-East. At one time the South-East towns did a large business with residents on the Victorian side of the Border. They sent us their produce, and shipped their wool, &c.;, through our ports. Storekeepers and tradesmen all benefited by the traffic.. Then we sold horses, cattle, and sheep largely to Victorian customers. Vic torian graziers cleared off our surplus stores, and Victorian butchers eagerly competed with Adelaide butchers for our fats. For years this business has been strangled by Border impositions and Border regulations; but that would be reversed under federation. .South Last ports are the natural outlet for a large slice of Victoria; Victoria is the natural outlet for almost anything the South-East can produce. We do not think there is anything much in the ob jections to the Commonwealth Bill, either locally or generally. They are founded more on that conservative feel ing that causes people often to resist wise innovations, simply because they involve change, than on any clear idea that they are right. But the lessons being given to ns by the outside world enforce the need that we must be patriotic as well as prudent; that we must do something for Australia, even if it involves some slight sacrifice. We have no doubt the great mass of the people here are with us in what we urge, and we hope that, on the 4th of June, they will come forward and em phasize their opinions in the ballot-box. —"Border Watch" (.Mount Gambier), May IB. Electors should reflect upon these pithy points from various sources:— Greater difficulties confronted the Ameri cans in federation than those that now frighten some faint-hearted folk in Aus tralia. Federation means the life and power of a Nation in contrast t.o those of a colony. It. means a place in the family of Nations, and a proud place ever increas ing in importance before Jthe world. . . . But the "higher act" of forming the Nation cannot be accomplished with out sacrifice and devotion, and obedience to the promptings of disinterested patriotism.—The late Sir Henry Parkes. "There are two ideals of Australia. One is that of a united, happy, prosperous people, working harmoniously together for the common good; the other is that of separated, distinct, jealous provinces, raising hostile tariffs between each other, and ultimately proceeding to divergences and disputes, the end of which cannot be foreseen.—Sir George Turner. At the annual dinner of the Australasian Batter and Cheese Factory Managers Mr. Weatherhead said:— "That he voiced the feeling of the United Butter Factory Managers of Australasia when he hoped the returns of June 3 would herald the birth of an Australian nation." Mr. Weatherbead's remarks were greeted with wild applause. The whole of those present arose, and, after singing "Rule Britannia"enthusiastically, gave three cheers for the federation of Australia. The glorious inheritance of our children and our children's children is ours to give or deny in the union of Australia. :*I would like to see all those who are op posing the Bill in the various colonies brought together to frame a Bill. They could never agree amongst themselves. If they could the verdict of the people would be an almost unanimous 'No.' "— The Premier of Victoria. "Another striking feature of the Federal campaign is the men of heterogeneous views who have enrolled themselves under the banner of tha Labour Party as ob jectors to the Bill. They mostly include persons with fads, and those outside the pale of this term are generally those who are afraid that federation will injure their businesses by increased competition from intercolonial free trade. Of course, federation without intercolonial free trade would be like the play of 'Hamlet' without the ghost, and we may reason ably and fairly conclude that such oppo nents would be opposed to federation under any Constitution proposed, though they are cute enough not to admit it. All who are opposed to the Common wealth Bill, if we look underneath the surface of their opposition, seem to have particular axes to grind, and are not guided by what is best for the general welfare."—The "Narracoorte Heraid." The fiscal union of the colonies will vastly increase the margin of profit to the pri mary producers. "The Bill before us is the best that can be prepared by fifty of the foremost men in Australia, and if we consider federation an end to be desired let us vote in favour of the measure. United Australia will certainly be a greater factor in the eyes of the world than a collection of isolated States With oppos ing tariffs and divided interests. And if we do not get federation now it most be deferred for many years at least."— The Jamestown "Review." in is a co-operation for the pur doing the business of the coio nies on an expanded and wholesale basis, a mutual advantage to the pro ducer and the consumer. Tm a Union man," said Ariemus Ward. "1 luv the Union; it is a big thing, and it makes my heart bleed to see a lot of ornery people a movin' heaven—no, not heaven, but the other place—and earth to bust it up." United we stand, divided we falL It made and preserves us as a nation This was written by G. P. Morris in "The yidg of our Union" about national federation. It has been taken as the motto of many trades Federations, and . these who accept it as good counsel, either in trade or in politics, are bound to give voice to their principles on June Fourth. "The good of each tends to the good of all, and the good of all tends to the good of each," Thus wrote JBastiat in his "Harmonies of Political Economy," and in so doing he put the case for federation in a nutshell. If even the Boers of the Orange Free State find it advisable to make a commercial federation with the colonists of the Cape and Natal, how much more willing should people of the same races be to federate on equitable principles? "We must save the Union; it is worth fighting for," exclaimed the Showman of Baldwinsville; and they managed to save it. If union was worth fighting for is it not also worth voting for? "In entering into this new undertaking wft have to rely on those ores coming from New South Wales. Unless we can go into this lead-smelting with some cer tainty we shall run a risk. If we have federation we have a certainty, but if we do not have federation, and if the people of New South Wales, imbued with the spirit of provincialism—which unfortunately is so prevalent in the minds of some people—come to the con clusion that they will sacrifice their own pecuniary interests and make a rail way to Broken Hill and put an export duty on ores, then we shall be deprived ■of our lead ores. This has been threatened by the authorities of New South Wales." —Sir Kichard Baker at a meeting of the Wallaroo and Moonta Mining and Smelting Company on Tuesday. 