PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. Cod Bless tk© Mattel- of f Ms Isus©. MV LORD AND LADY OF FARNDALB. : By ttBOBM H, SIMS, •E £uthor-of "Tales of To-day," "How tho Poor Live," -"Dramas of Life,' 11 The Demon Cat,'!.- "Three Brass Balls," .'.MLights o' London," T was 5 o'clock \- on the evening of the 24th of December when Mr. August ns . Tarboy, who * had been ont marketing, ar rived • muddy and puffing in front of his residence, No. 21 Kay street, Brunswick square. 44 Thank goodness," said Mr. Tarboy. 4 4 4 Bo it ever so humble, there's no pluco like home' — especially when you've _ made yourself a beast of burden, and you're 16 stono by the automatic weighing machine at King's Cross station, and there isn't a cab to be had for lore or money.'' ' Having relieved himself of this expression ;of. gratitude and its accompanying explana tion, Mr. Tarboy stepped three paces backon the pavement and admiringly surveyed the front of his mansion from basemont to roof. "Mine!" said Mr. Tarboy, mopping his brow with his handkerchief. "Mino—all -'mine—mino and Maria's, God bless her !— and a home for any man to be proud of.'-' The blinds were already down all over the " house. There was a bright light from the gas m the kitchen, and Mr. Tarboy noted it. "There she is, down there. God bless her!" ho said, 44 a-working and a-worrying and a-gotting my tea, and her head full of to-morrow.. Augustus Tarboy, you've got a wife in a thousand—you have, my boy, and I hope vou're becomingly grateful. Maria, God bless yon ! " Mr. Tarboy kissed his hand affectionately at the drawn kitchen blind, and tlion ho brought his eyes up to tho ground floor. There was ho gas there, but the ruddy firelight danced and flickered through the lowered Venetians.' . "Everything ready for me in there," ho said. "The armchair wheeled up to the fire, said. "The armchair wheeled up to the fire, . tho kettio on tho trivet, the table laid, my -. pipe and'baccy brought up and put on tho .mantel-shelf, and a vase full of new mode . spills ready to my hand. I'm as sure of it an • if .I'd been inside and looked. What a wife ... I've got—what a wifo! " ^ . -Lifting his eyes iu thankfulness to the, sombre skies, Mr. Tarboy's attention was ar rested by a dim light in a room on the third v.floor. • "Poor girl—poor girl! " ho said; "there's X'th® skeleton iu my cupboard this happy • .Christinas Eve—there's the ghost as'U be at tny banquet to-morrow I Poor girl—poor, lonely little girl! " Mr. Tarboy shook his head mournfully, . mounting the steps of his residenco .knocked an apologetic knock on the front floor. As ho did 60 he glanced at tho fanlight, in wlnoh a jet of gas was burning in a pink gloss fflobo, and caught sight of u small bust of •>Chorl§si Dickens, - which occupied a post of . honour in the centre. Mr. Tarboy deposited his parcels on the topstep^ and raised his hat to the bust. "In love and humble dufcjr, sir," he said, " at this season of the year, which if ever a man understood its lessons .and taught them to the world, you did, sir. And may all in ^this house humbly follow your example." Tho door opened at that moment and a stout, comely middle* aged woman stood star ing at Mr. Tarboy. i " Good gracious, Augustus .'" she ex-j claimed, "whatever ore you doing standing without your hat in a wind that's fit to perish you ? . It's enough to give one rheumatics in tho head to look at you 1" " It's all right, Maria. I was taking off my hat to the bust of Dickens, and thinking of ' The Cricket on the Hearth.' " " * Cricket on the Hearth !'" said "Mis. Tarboy, "you look more like neuralgia on the doorstop. Come in, do!" Mrs. Tarboy gently but firmly dragged Mr. Tarboy in by the collar of his overcoat. When tho door was closed he, catching sight of a bunch of mistletoe, which was suspended in tho centre of the hall,.put his laden arms as far round the comely dame as they would go, and pressing her to* his bosom, gave her a hearty kiss. "Maria," he said, "it is our first Christmas Eve in our own homo; God bless you, Mario, and a many of 'em.'.' Augustus Tarboy was on the wrong side of fifty and Maria* was forty-five. Their romance had commenced over twenty years ago. In those days Augustus Tarboy, a slim good-looking young fellow, had fallen madly in love with Maria Twemlow, a young house maid who had recently been engaged by Lord Farndale's housekeeper. Maria was a pretty, genteel girl, and Augustus, who was his lord ship's valet, thought he had never seen such a perfect creature before. Being of ashy and bashful nature—not a common complaint with noblemen's valets—Augustus loved her some month's in secret; but at last he sum moned up courage to inform Maria that she had won his heart. They were returning from evening ohurch together when Augustus made his trembling confession, and it was in the very darkest part of tho long avenue of elms leading up to tho famous old mansion in Surrey which had been the Farndales' ever since the days of James I.. * ' . The young woman listened for a moment in blank astonishmentfor like most bashful men Augustus had pluuged into his subject .without any preliminary remarks. But when Maria Twemlow realised that the goodlooking young valot was offering her marriage, sko gave a little gasp aad said " Oh, pleoso don't—please don't say any e!" and made a aash for the house, leaving Augustus crestfallen and trembling, with nothing to distract his Iboughts but the sighing of the night wind and tho cawing of tho rooks. | But the next day M;iria_ Twemlow came upon Augustus, when' ho w'as ^alono in , the library arranging his lordship's papers, and thero iff a sweet-womanly way begged him tcr think no morejjf her, as a - marriage-between them was impossible. And when Augustas, with tears in his eyes, "begged her to recon sider her determination, she felt u great pity come into her heart for his hopeless love, and confessed to him the secret of her life. She had been married two years previously to & man whom she had believed to be a well to-do young fellow," but after-six months of married life in London, she had discovered . that her husband's well-to do-neas arose from his participation in the ?rofitd of a series of frauds. One line day ohn Laxton left his home. The next time his young wife saw him he was standing with two of his associates in the dock at tho Old Bailey, and the result of his trial was that he received a sentence of fourteen years' penal servitude. • Thus it was that Maria, who had no friends or relatives, had to turn out again and earn her living. She saw that all chance of doing so in domestic service, to which she had been "Many happy Chmtmm t)ay» to my Lord and lady Farndale." brought up, would bo denied her if it was ! known that" her husband was: a convicted criminal, so she resumed'her maiden name of Twcmlow, and a former mistress having lrindlj- interested herself on her behalf, she , obtained a situation as housemaid at Faradale [Court. , Augustus promised that he would respect tho young woman's secret, and he kept his, word. But he was more desperately iu love with.her than ever, and presently the know ledge of his loyal devotion touched the heart of the unhappy wife, and he found that she was returning his affection. Then tho situa tion grew painful to both of them, and Maria said that Bho must leave. That Augustas would not bear of, so he cut the Gordian knot by giving notice himself. One day the young valet and. the young housemaid bade each other a tearful farewell. But, as ho held tho young wife's hand in his Augustus vowed that ho would always love her, aud that ho would be faithful to her memory, and- that no other woman should ever supplant lier iu his affections. And so the years went on. Maria remained at the Court, and Augustus went to London, obtained'.-another situation, and prospered. From timo to time the* lovers'saw each other, and taikedas friends,. John Laxton, before his sentence had ex* pircd, was released on a ticket of leave, and found his wife. She gave him her savings, and bade him leave her in peace. He took the money, and went back to London, where in six months ho was once more in the hands of tho law. Bat at last the bar that stood between the happiness of the faithful couple was removed. John Laxton, who had spent most of the intervening twenty years in gaol, died of consumption in tho prison infirmary, and Maria Twemlow was a free woman. Augustus was abroad with his master at the time. On bis return to England the news reached bim and he hastened to Earn dale Court, where the young housemaid was now the middle-aged housekeeper, and once more offered her his hand and fortune. And in due time the man and woman, who had waited so long for each other went to tho altar, and were made happy at last,. Augustus Tarboy was fifty-one and Maria forty-fire when they became man and wife. Both had money eared—Augustus bad a good deal—and so they took a house in Kay street, Brunswick square, furnished it neatly, and arranged to lot off a portion of it in apart ments. They had entered into possession six months ago. This was the first Christmas of their married life—the first, as Augustas put it when he saluted his buxom wife under the mistletoe! that they had passed " under their own roof." Mr. Tarboy had finished his tea, and sat in bis easy chair smoking his farourito pipe, with his slippered feet on the fender, lovo in bis heart and admiration in his eyes. The love and the admiration were both for his wife, who had displayed the most remarkable skill in the adornment of their ditring- room. Augustus declared that with a bunch of.holly and somo evergreens she had converted, it into a fairy bower, and when she had told hira of the preparations she had made for their first Christmas dinner Augustus became almost reverential. The first Christmas day in their own home was,to be celebrated in quite ** baronial" manner; * .The^erra was Mr. Tarboy's, and came of long connection with the landed gentry. Mr. Tarboy had invited several ot his own relatives, and Maria had invited two of her former fellow-servants at the Court— two who had married recently, and settled in London; and they were going to bring their husbands with them. " Ah 1'- said Mr. Tarboy, "it'll be a • happy Christmas, Maria; the happiest I've known for twenty years, my dear." "Yes, dear," said the little woman, patting a plump arm round her husband's neck and kissing tho npturned face tenderly, "and the happiest that I've known, too. Christmas was always a miserable time at the Court for me, and it was miserable for every body after poor Mr. Hugh and bis lordship quarrelled five years ago, and Mr. Hugh left the Court and we never saw him and never heard of him again." - . "Poor young fellow!" exclaimed Mr. Tarboy. "I only knew him as a boy. I don't think his lordship ever loved the lad, though he was his only sou. He cost his mother her life, you know, Maria, when he came into the world, and his lordship was never the same man after it. Many a time I've seen him sitting opposite her ladyship's portrait as was hung over the fireplace iu his bedroom, and looking at it with tears in his eyes. And sometimes, when the fit was on him, I've known him pace the room like a madman', and say things aloud that would have been blasphemy against the will of Heaven, Maria, if it hadn't been that it was his heart crying ont in agony, and not his lips speaking in anger." " xes, I suppose it was that made him turn against the boy," said Maria, with a sorrow ful look iu her eyes ; " but it made our hearts ache for the poor young gentleman, the way his father treated him as he grew up. They used to say at the Court that his father had never kissed bis. son and heir, or given him one fatherly caress from the day he was born. And so when he grew up Mr. Hugh seemed to hate the place. When he was at home, and became wild in bis ways, we servants used to say that it wasn't to be wondered at, poor young gentleman!" Maria, my dear," said Mf. Tarboy, " put some more coal on the fire and stir op* a - blaze; it makes me cold to think of such things at Christmas time. I suppose there's no doubt that Mr. Hngh is dead, eh, Maria?" " I'm afraid he must be,*' answered Mrs. Tarboy, stirring till the bright flames roared up the chimney. " It's five years since he left the Court in anger, after a terrible scene with his lordship, vowing he'd never enter the place again while his father lived. From that hour no word ever came from him, and now the old lord's been dead three months and the heir's been advertised for, and the lawyers have been hunting for him all over the world—so Mrs. Millet, that was upper housemaid at the time, told me the other day —and Mr. Hugh's never made a sign." "Yes, of course he must be dead," replied Mr. Tarboy, knocking the ashes ont of his 'pipe. "He'd ha* come back and claimed the estates by this time if he hadn't bees. Let's talk o' something else more Christmassy, Maria. It ain't the', sort of thing to have hovering over your domestic hearth with the carollers outside a-singing 1 God bless tho master of this house, God bless the mistress too, And all the little children, That round tho table go.' I shall have-to go out and give 'em a shilling and ask 'em to go away. Ah ! thank good ness, they've fioished. They jarred, Maria. Your talking about his lordship and poor Mr. Hugh got on my nerves, my dear. Fancy a Christmas carol jarring in a home that has a bust of Charles Dickens in tho fanlight of its hall. It ain't right, Maria, it ain't right."" Mr. Tarboy rose and paced the room, and Mrs. Tarboy gave a great gulp and seemed inclined to cry. " I'm so sorry, Augustus dear." she whis pered. "1 'ought to havo . known how tender-hearted you are." Augustus Tarboy passed his hand across his eyes and exclaimed: " It's gone, Maria— • tho. vision of domestic misery and the silent rooms of Farndale Court is banished. Don't Jet's speak of it again. Hullo, what's that ?" ' Mr. Tarboy started, and Mrs. Tarboy opened her mouth in astonishment; "The ' front door had been suddenly pulled to. ^ Jits. Tarboy went to the head of the kitchen stairs, and called out sharply, "Sarah," and a voice from below answered, "Yes, ma'am." Mrs. Tarboy came back again to her hus band. "It isn't Sarah,*' she said. Then she pave a sudden start. 44 Good gracious, Augustus." she exclaimed, "it must be our third floor!" - "Never!" exclaimed Mr. Tarboy. 14 Why, she's been too weak, poor thing, to go out for days past; and for her to do it such a bitter night as this. Go up, Maria; go up atonoe." Mrs. Tarboy went up to the third floor as fast as she could, and came down panting. "It'sher, Augustas," she said. "Oh. go after her at once and bring her back. • It's death to her to be out on a night like this. She must .be mad." Mr. Tarboy put on his hat and overcoat, and Sarah, hastily summoned, came rushing tip with his boots. A minute later he was out in the street, storing up and down it and wondering which way the 44 third floor " had gono. Presently, as his eyes became accustomed to the cold bine haze which had come on with the night, he saw a policeman standing under the lamp-post at the next comer. He went across and asked him if he had seen a young woman come out of No. 21. The policeman said he had, and she had gone up the street towards Brunswick square. Mr. Tarboy turned up his coat collar, for the air was biting "shrewdly," and walked in the direction indicated. The t-quare was deserted, but in almost every house the lights were burning brightly, and the sound of merry voices floated out now and again upon the quiet night. Suddenly a woman'* voice rose ewoetlr from the darkness beyond. It was a rich contralto, hat it trembled now and again as it sang the grand old carol, 44 God rest you, merry gentlemen." Mr. Tarboy knew that voice in a moment. He hod beard it first tt month ago, when Miss Kuth Helmore, who said ehe was an actress, had taken the modest room on the third floor. V?1** Helmore had gono out daily, and spent the evenings in her own room, which Mr. Tarboy thought was odd for an actress, but sometimes in the evening they heard a beautiful voice the house with melody, and Mr. and Mrs. Tarboy had agreed that Miss Helmore must be o young Iftdy who sang on the stage, but was temporarily out of an engagement. Gradually Mrs. Tarboy, in her kind, motherly way, had won the young lady's heart, and had gathered that their surmise was correct; and Mrs. Tarboy had inspired sufficient confidence also to ascertain that Miss Helmore was really n young wife, but that her husband was " away," and ehe had been singing at the theatres as a chorus girl in his absence. And Mr. and Mrs. Tarboy, talking their 44 third floor " over, had long ago come to the conclusion that Miss Hel>' more was very unhappy and very poor, and that she was going oct day after day to try and get something to do because she was rapidly approaching the end of her slender resources. This idea was confirmed when at the end of the third week Miss Helmore, with a white j face, came to her landlady and stammered out I a plea for a little time. She was hoping to! get an engagement everyday, but for the present she was not prepared to ,4 pay up her j book" with the punctuality generally in-! risted on by London landladies. J Mrs. Tarboy told Augustus, and Augustus,' who had been struck with the girl's ladylike demeanour and evident distress, requested Mrsr Tarboy not to worry the poor young thing, but to take every opportunity of making her comfortable. And so Mrs. Tar boy h&5 done her best to comfort and cheer up the penniless "third floor." Bat both husband and wife had noticed that their lodger was getting ill, and that she was scarcely in a condition to take &n; engagement if ehe succeeded in getting one. They made xrp their mind* that worry and want of suffi cient nourishment were at the bottom of Mi« •Helmore'* ill-healtb, and they tried their best to relieve the situation. But the girl was proud, and they hardly dared to do what they would have liked to do—to send for their own doctor, and supply her with the wine andnonriehment she undonbtedlyneeded. Mr. Tarboy had quite taken his 44 third floor's " misfortunes to heart, and bad built a romantic story of love and sorrow around her. He felt sure that it was another case of ,a bad husband and a deserted wile, and it was the reflection of the dim light on the 'third floor blind that had been the one bitter drop in his cup of happiness .as ho gave off his cheeiy Christmas sentiments oh the door* step that evening. '• Good gracious!" cried Mr. Tarboy, as he recognised the beautiful voice of his "third floor," "she must have gone suddenly out of her mind! She's delirious und thinks she's at the opera. She can't be singing in the streets in her sob:r senses." He hurried in the direction of the sound, and there he saw .Ruth Hc-linorc shivering and trembling m the roadway and singing. A window opened, and there was the sound of a coin'striking the pavement. Ruth Heltnore gave a great shiver but stepped forward to pick it up. As she did so she reeled and would have fallen to the ground if Mr. Tarboy hadnot managed to reach her in tbenick of time and put a strong arm round her waist. "My dear young lady! My dear Miss Helm ore!" he gasped. - •" What on earth are you thinking of ?" "Oh, don't, don't!" said the girl, burst ing into tears. " I—I owe you money, aud I must pay it—I must earn it. I haven't a penny in the world. I heard tbo carol singers to-night. I opened my window to listen, and 1 saw the people throw them money—shillings and half-crowns—and I thoughWI thought T might perhaps get some that way too, and " "Oh dear, oh dear! the very idea of it. And you ill as you are!—and"—glancing at the girl's thin dress and light cloak—" and not half wrapped up enough. You come home with me, my dear. You're going to spend the evening with Mr?. Tarboy and myself, and have supper with us; and we'll talk about what you owe after Christmas when you've got an engagement." • | But there was no sitting up when Mr. , Tarboy got his trembling charge home. Mrs. Tarboy saw that bed was the best place for her, so she hclped.her up to the third floor, made a big fire, put her to bed, and insisted on her taking a steaming bowl of cornflour with a wineglassful of whisky in it, and then when she was quiet and seemed to have got over her shivering, Mrs. Tarboy satdown by the bedside and talked to her till the poor tired little chorus girl fell asleep. Then Mrs. Tarboy came downstairs and told her husband all she had learned. "Ob, dear, Augustus, it's another sad story," she said.. "Thepoor girl's told me cveiything, seeing she had a real friend in me, she said. She's a married woman right enough. I saw the ring below the keeper when she put her hand in mine, poor thing. Her husband's in trouble somewhere and can't get to her. I'm afraid it's gaol, Augus tus, indeed I am. She says he'e a gentleman though he's a common soldier. It seems he enlisted owing to family trouble, and he met her at Portsmouth, where she was singing with a company, and fell in love with her straight away, and the poor foolish young people they got married. "She'sagood girl, Augustas, I'm sure, and quite a lady. She told mo her father was a doctor and was ruined and died in an asylum, and she decided to go on the stage and use her voice for a living, because she bad no friends and it was the best thing to do. They were happy enough for a year, and then her husband got into trouble. £5he declares it wasn't his fault, hut a sergeant in the regi ment who bated him because be was a gentle man ranker, grossly insulted him about her. Then, mad with rage, the young fellow seized the bully and thrashed him within an inch of his life in the barrack square before half the regiment, and he was tried for it and sen tenced and he's in the military prison now, and poor Miss Helmore says it will be two years before he'll be free. She writes to him and he writes to her when lie's allowed, but of course.he can't send her any money, poor thing. Isn't it sad, Augusta."?" ■ "Sad!" exclaimed Mr. Tarboy, "ifs heart-breaking, Maria. Here's our first Christmas together, you and me, and a tragedy under our own roof. It's all tra gedies, Mario, and it don't seem to have brought the spirit of Christmas our way at all. That bust of Dickens in our hall, Maria —I've half a mind to take it down and put the mistletoe on the fire as a holler mockery." Mr. Tarboy strode out into the ball and looked up half •reproachfully at the bust of the great novelist who is said to hare in vented the Christmas of Charity and Loving kindness, the Christmas of the Hearth, the Heart, and the Home. And as ho' gazed it seemed to him that ibo cold face of the modelled clay relaxed into a smile and the lips of the master moved. .It was only a gust of wind that had caught tho gas in the pink globe and caused it to flare up and cast a pink reflection on the face of the bust, bat it cheered Mr. Tarboy immensely. 41 Maria," he said, "Fvo rantshed this vision of misery as I banished the other. Churles Dickens says it'll be all right. If there wasn't any misery in the world ihero'd be nothing for people to d6 on Christmas Day to show their gratitude for the mercies vouchsafed to thorn. To-morrow tho 4 third floor' haB her Christraaa dinner with us, and she is tho honoured guest Don't forget that, Maria—the honoured guest." On Christmas morning the postman knocked at No. 21 Hay street, and handed in some half dozen letters for Mr. and Mrs. Tarboy, which were Christmas cards from old friends, and one letter for Miss Ruth Helmore. JTe saw Ruth ITchnore shivering and trembling in the doorway, and singing. "Oh, lam glad!" exclaimed ITrs. Tar boy, and she ran off upstairs with it to the invalid. Ruth Helmore gave a cry of joy as she saw the envelope. She tore it open and read the contents, and then with a little hysterical cry flung up her arms and fainted dead away. When she came to herself Mrs. Turboy was bending over her, bathing her head. " Ob," cried the girl, "I couldn't help it. It—it was joy. He's free—free—my husband —my darling! He's coming to mo to-day— to-day. • Oh, you will let him come here, won't you?" lira." Tarboy couldn'tspeak fora moment— the statement had qnite taken her breath away. When she had recovered her speech *he flang her arms round her " third floor's" neck and exclaimed: "Come here, my dear? Why, of course. Where else should a husband be on Christinas Day but with his wife? " And then 6he went off down two stairs at a time, with a heaving bosom and a palpitating heart to tell Augustus the good news. •' I knew it!" cried Mr. Tarboy, triumph antly : "I knew as that expft&tion; on tbo bust of Charles Dickens meant that every thing would corao right. Now, Maria, there's two honoured guests* round our mahogany this Christmas Day—our 'third floor* and our"' third floor's' husband. "What adinner —what a real Christmas dinner, it will be? That bast won't have nothing to blush for under our roof, Maria. I'm not so suro as I shan't take it down, and put it in the middle of the table with a wreath of holly and mistle toe round it." About one o'clock there was a knock at the door. Sarah, the maid of all work, answered it, as Mr. Tarboy was in the beer • cellar, and Mrs. Tarboy was busy witb'the turkey. "\lfaen Sarah camo down she was in a state of great excitement. " Oh, mem," she said, " it was a young man as asked for the ' third floor,'and said he was .her 'uabmg, and I showed him up as you said,*mexn, and I 'ope I done right." * • 44 Quite right," said Mrs. Tarboy. Then sbe called out across tho passage^ to the cellar, "Augustus, he's coiae—Miss Hel more's husband's come." • "Hooray!" replied a, voice from tho cellar. "God Hess 'cm both, and a merry Christmas to 'em. Maria, this is something like a Christmas Day 1" Mr. and Mrs. Millet arrived about one thirty, and as dinner was not for an hour Mrs. Millet and Mrs. Tarboy bad scraps of conversation between whiles. Mrs. Millet, who bad been married from Farndalo Court, had the latest news to impart. Among_ the late lord's papers had been found a letter to his son, in which be expressed his sincere grief for what ho had done, and acknowledged that he had been to blame. It was the olive branch held out from the grave. Mrs. Tarboy shook her bead. "Toolate," she said, "too lato. Mr. Hugh "will never know. Ho is dead too." The other guests arrived, and dinner being quite ready, Sarah was sent up to the third floor with "Mr. and Mrs. Tarboy's compli ments, and would Mr. and Sirs. Helmore come down, as dinner was waiting." Everybody was standing up in the dining room, when the door opened, and. Buth Helmore stepped in. "Mrs. Tarboy," she said, "this is my husband, Mr. " There was a startled cry, and Mrs. Tarboy and Mrs. Millet staggered forward together, and Mrs. Tarboy gave a little shriek. "Mr. Hugh," sho cried. " "It's—it's ' —" Thenshefloppeddowninachatrspeeeh less, and Mr. Tarboy,* looking in imminent danger of apoplexy, bowed respectfully to the apparition and said, "Mr. Hugh! Am I dreaming!" 44It is no. dream," said the young man, taking bis young wife's hand and staring round at the familiar faces in utter bewilder-; ment. "But, good gracious, Tarboy—and! you, Maria—and you,. Jane—is—is it aj comedy—or—or—whatever are you all doing here? This isn't Farndale Court, and " \- Then everybody spoke at once, and Hugh learnt of bis father's letter of forgiveness and of death, and that for three months every effort bad been made to And him. Then he insisted on their all sitting down to dinner, though Mr. and Mrs. Tarboy and Mrs. Millet wanted to take theirs in the kitchen. And when he had made everybody at ease be told them how ho had enlisted under a false name, and how he had been imprisoned and released only tho previous day, two years be fore his time, for saving the life of a warder attacked by half-a-dozen prisoners, and how he bad at once written to his wife, .and come to London to spend the first day of liberty with her. And when the Christmas pudding was taken away and the dessert waa on the table Mr. Tarboy rose and said: "With' our humble respects, and long life and many happy Christmas Days to ray Lord and Lady Farndale, of Farndale Court. God bless them!" And the company drank it with a respect ful but hearty throe times threo and their humble duty, and while Mrs. Tarboy was clearing away for tea, still out of breath, as well sbe might be, Augustus strode out into the hall, and looking op at the bust of Charles Dickens, bowed low to it. To the day of his death Mr. Tarboy will believe that it was having, the-boat, of the great Apostle of Christmas in his ball that brought the happi ness of that Christmas Day about. How else could Lady Farndale have been . singing for charity in the snow on Christmas Eve, and happy in Lord Furndale'8 arras on Christmas night, and she tlio day before only' a poor littlo chorus girl out of an engagement ; and his lordship a common soldier with two < years'imprisonment yet to run ? . That night as'Mr. Tarboy laid his headv' upon the pillow, he turned to 3rrs. Tarboy ' and said, ••Maria—the first Christmas under our own roof—and what a Christmas Day !" . And outsido a belated party" of revellcry woke tho echoes of Kay street with "God Bless tho Master of this House," and erety wukefol ear behoath that master's roof caught the words and re-echoed them in their hearts. ' - 