CHAPTER III. Weeks glided by, and I saw no more and heard 110 more of the mysterious lady in bluck. I fettled down to my now duties tolerably comfortably. 1 found that 1 hi>d quite enough to do, for when there was an upper nurse the girl .Tane had to help both cook and housemaid. The old ladies were kind and friendly aa possible, Sarah a capital specimen of an old-fushioned ser vant, the children docile and affectionate. In fact, the only member of the household I disliked was the Doctor himself ; but 1 never saw him unless the children made it noise in the nursery, when he would rush upstairs in one of his rages, and use hi? tongue, and sometimes his hand, in a very cruel manner. As time went on I grew positively to hato him, Edith's health was my great trouble and anxiety. She was evidently pining for more air, liberty, and exercise. I kept tho window open as much as possible, and took both children daily into the square gardens, of which, through the kindnes-: of friends, we had a key. Bug the weather (lid not always permit of thiB, and the children were hours and hours in the close, dark nursery ! and Edith, being naturally a delicate child, drooped like a flower shut out from sunshine. I did my best to amuse her in a quiet way, but a merry game ol romps was im possible on account of the ogre in his den l-.Mr.tu One favourite amusement was looking over and arranging again and again a drawer qf little treasures. One of the chief of these was a handsome photograph album given to the child by her mother, with Mrs. Norman's own photo on the first page. Though the absence of green glasses made fi great difference, I was struck at once with the likeness to my travelling companion. I could not help fancying that, whoever this mysterious being might be, she was still hovering near us. 1 found one night on my dressing-table a letter directed in what was evidently a feigned hand, and on open ing it I discovered a five-pound note, while on the inside of the cover was written, " Pray continue to be kind to Edith." From whom, thought I, can this eome but from her who first used those words to me? 1 closed the cover again, wrote on the outside : " Declined with thanks," and replaced it on my table. When I came up next day to prepare for dinner it was gono. At length, one day Edith was unusually fretful. It was too hot to take the children out till evening, and nothing wonld satisfy the little maid, who sobbed and screamed incossantly. Tho Doctor came up three or four times, each timo more angry : and, at last, snatching tho child from iry arms, he shook her and slapped her unmercifully. Just at.- that nmniont Sarah name into the room, and to my surprise—for she had always spoken most respectfully to him before—attacked her master like an old hen whose chicken is in peril " I wonder you're not ashamed of your self, sir," sho said, " ill-using that poor, delicute babe in that way, and she without a mother, too ! All I you'll bo seeing her again one of these nights. No ivonder she can't rest in her grave when you treub her darlings so." I had always heard that cruel people are tho greatest cowards ; but I was hardly prepared for the Doctor, with merely a scowl of intonse bitterness, walking out of the room like a whipped cur. Then 1 had a long talk with Sarah, and told her I feared I must give up the situa tion. 1 felt suro that tho health of the children, and especially of Edith, was sulfering from the constant restraint they were under. I could not prevent them from disturbing Dr. Norman, and I would not see thom ill-used by him. Someone else might manage better, and I would seek other work. ; "Don't do that," said Sarah ; " wait and seo what happens. Thoro may be a change bofore long." I suppose because 1 was worriod and anxious, I was that mgnfc again a long tinu- in falliug asleep. At IiifL I fell into n» uneasy slumber, bub very soon awoke, fool ing'suro that someone ivas talking earnestly in Sarah's room. I listened attentively, and wnu convinced that it was so. Then I rose quietly and cropt, without putting oti my shoes, to the landing. A dark figure was just coming out of Sarah's door. I know it at, onco as the so called ghost. I watched her attentively, but without going furthor towards her. She glided softly downsLaira and dis appeared in tho darkness. Then I crossed the landing and lookod down ; it was qui e dark. All at once a pule blue light lightod up the fctaircaso. turning all around to deathly hue, and now 1 could see plainly tho figuro of the lady standing at tho Doctor's door. She had laid aside lior bonnet and spec tac'cs, Iter hair hung looso over her shoulders, and sho had in her hand aomo kind ot lump which gave tho blue light I have described. I c.ould see hor faco plainly for ono momont, and felt sure from tho plioto in Edith's book that it was Mrs. Normif.n, dead or alive. Softly she opened tho door of her Iiue® band's room and entered, closing it behind her. Then thero fell upon my ears tho most horrible sound I over heard, and I, truab and pray it may never be my lot to hear it again—the scream of a man in mortal terror. Should £ rush down to tho Doctor's room 1 Should I call Sarah ? Should I rouse tho Miss Normans ? Surely they must bo roused already by that awful scream, for thoir room adjoined tho Doctor's. While I hesitated,the door again opened, and the figure reappeared. At tho same moment one of tho Miss Normans looked out of her door, gave a scream almost as wild as her brother's, shut the door and locked it ; and I heard tho two ladies— poor, dear, timid souls 1—sobbing pitifully within. The ghost appeared to have breath, for us soon as Miss Norman had retired, she quietly blew out her lamp, snatched some thing from the table which stood on the landing—her bonnet and glasses, I su| • posed—and again disappeared in-the dark ness. In another minute 1 heard the hall door opened and shut. I crept back to my bed more puzzled and anxious than ever, and that night I slept no more. 