THE - HAUNTEDT SMOUNTAINS' COLONEL OODY'S ?EARC:II : A BOMANCE OF TIIE WEST. BY COLONEL PRENTISS INGRAM, Author of the "Mysterious Man in Blue." &c.; CHAPTER XXXVIII.-- A TELL-'PALE KNIFE. Ethel Willis, the colonel's niece, was aware that tier uncle had been disturbed in the'night. but as ihe said nothing to her at breakfast about it, after his morning duties wdre over she sauntered Into his-quarters, and said: - "Is anything going wrong, uncle, for you-were called up last night?" ."No, I had'not retired, my dear;. and -nothing is wrong;'only this storm keeps -up, and the cattle must suffer if it does not soon end, for we have not proven der sufficient to last half through the :=winter at this rate." "Such storms are an exception, the old escouts tell me; for they say the win "ters here are generally open, with little "snow.' - "Yes, so I have been told, Ethel; and "settlers, miners, and Indians must suf fer.greatly, for I know that we are hav ing our share of misery." "Uncle, where did you get this odd penknife?" suddenly asked Ethel, taking from her uncle's table a knife with what appeared to be a solid silver handle. "A h, that knife! I do not recognise It. One some officer has left here this morning, I fancy." "It is evidently home-made, the silver taken from the mines, and the blades made from another knife. Oh, there is a name upon -IL" And turning it over Ethel read : "Why, it is thle name of the young ranchero who is missing - Burt Brax ton." The colonel quickly rose, and taking the knife, looked atlt searchingly. Then Ole said : ' - . "Yes, I know. now wilere it came from. I put it there last night, ind had forgot ten it." :"Do you see tlie name upon it..uncle?" S"Yes, and it'is that of the handsome young ranchero -who so mysteriously disappeared with' one 'of his cowboys some months -ago." "How did you get it, uncle?" - S"Ethel, can you keep a secret?" .?-"Just :try me,-uncle." - , "I have often tried'you an8 found that y'ou are a contradiction to the assertion : that one of your sex cannot keep a se cret, for I remember important secrets that you have well kept." "And can again," said Ethel, with smile. "Then I will tell you one, and which only one person in the fort yet- knows : besides myself." The colonel then told of the Weird \- midnight visitor, and unlocking his desk,. read the mysterious letter. Ethel Its ..tened patiently, and then asked: ' ;"'Anhdtlitsletter was pinned upon the t..itside of-the'gate?" ... " ' :'"?;for'-thse man risked his life at \- the'iand, of thksuent.,?:to ride up and "lace it there." .. ,,. _ "WRits -th it kni?' - S"Yes:Lenox brought it to me and told \- me that the knife was driven through the envelope into the wood." ' ' ."That would indicate that the rancher is the Ghost of the Mountains, sir." "It would seem so. But why he is masquerading as such I cannot under stand." "His reasons are good ones, doubtless." , "Why so, Ethel?" "Well, the ghost rescued Cody from the outlaws; he guided the . command ,when astray in the storm to the Mid nighters' retreat, where they found shel ter, if not the lawless band; he gave Iwarning of the attack of the Indians, and now informs you of the capture of the scout and those with him, and that ''there is a mysterious person that saves them. He surely has done good ser ,ice, uncle." "He has, indeed, Ethel; only I cannot understand why this man Braxton, if he it is, should go about it in this weird .way of playing-ghost." "Perhaps he can be far more useful as a pretended spirit thasn as himself; for men are very superstitious, uncle, espe cially.lawless men." ": "Very true, Ethel. You argue well." . '!But, uncle, where the knife would in "?dcate that it was MIr Braxton who -"plays ghost'and left "this'letter, the writing is that of a woman.'! T-he colonel seized the letter, and glanc ing at it, said: - . : "You are right, Ethel, and are a close observer; for I had not noticed that. i?es; it is a woman's writing, or the man writes most effeminately." : S"3Mr Braxton, when last here, gave . .the post trader an order for a large bill of supplies, I heard you say, sir; so, the \- writing of his can be compared with this." The colonel wrote a note to the trader, sent it by the orderly, and in a short -while he. returned, bearing a slip of paper, upon which was written inma bold, \- legible hand a list of articles which the trader had supplied the young rancher with. "He says, sir, that the young gentle hnan'wrote the list himself at his desk, sir," said the orderly, as he saluted and left the room. "Uncle, these two are wholly different In handwriting, and one is written by a awomari, while the penknife would Indl * ca?e that It is Mr Braxton wholis mas .querading as the Ghost of the Moun tains,".said Ethel Willis, impressively. \- "Then the -mystery only deepens,'! Colonel Ferris responded. IIAPTER XXOiT-THE LIEUTE ' NANT'S MISSION. Colonel Ferrls felt better after having made known to his niece the secret of Sthe visit of the Ghost of the Haunted :FPort to the outpost attnildnighltn the ,:iterrible blizzard.- . '"I think I'll have to make you a mem . lier of my military staff, Ethel, as secret 'a dvliser," the colonel said, in a tone of Ialf-earnestness. S"All right, uncle. A woman's head is sodmetimes good in a council even of sol 'diers, though it is in fact the head of a. \- young girl. But I confess I am most ideeply interested in this mysterlous being known as the Ghost of the 3Ioun -talns, and I am anxious to see the end If the Weird mystery.' "I sincerely hope thitt we shall do so lefote loisg, Ethel." \- " And as several officers clled in to see the colonel, Ethel took her departure. 'Tiouigh wishing to keep the letter fr.om the weird inidnight visitor a secret, t: hat was really only from general kndw ledge in the post, for there were some of sihs officers before whon'Coloel Ferris ,desired to place the matter, and get their " So i he adjutant of tle post, with Cap a-ain Lennox. Surgeon Powell, and half a dozen others, discussed the strange occurrence over the- colonel telling them about the knife bearing Burt Braxton's name, and yet that the letter was not in his handwriting, but a woman's. The result of thils conference was that a young offlicer was despatched withll a \- small posse to mnake thle rounds of the mining camps, settlemlents and stage stations, to warnl all to- he constantly ready for another attack of thile Indians. in spite of thile weather, and to suggest that they keep scouts out to act in con -unction with those from thile fort. The officer, who was Lieutenant 'mory, had orders to also visit the ranch of Burt Braxton, and learn all about tilhe movements of tile young settler prior to 5ls dlsappearance anid whly he hIad left bis home; also to discover something about the man who accompanied him. Armed with these instructions. Lieu tenant Emory. with an escort of a dozenl of his men, went off on his rounds. It was on the afternoon of the fourth ' day of his absence that hIe returned, and ' snt at once to his colonel's quarters. e "ell, Emory, what news have you?" the colonel asked, after greeting hlim pleasantly, and added,: :"S"peak out,; fr Miss Wllis'In kbnws what' your; mission Tile young ofieccr noasveryiond of Etliel'l?d was inly too glad to make lhl report before her,- that she mnight see how i well he had done his duty., : So he told:how lie had-visited the vart ous stage stations, settlements and min ing camps, amid having had alessoni from their former experienee, they were very willing to follow all instructions coming from the fort, and would beson the watch and keep scouts out, and lie added: "They are all most willing to confess, colonel, that but for the warning given them before, and which many regarded as a false alarm, they would have been caught in a perfect surprise, and have suffered greatly. But now as to; the ranchero, sir." . "Yes." "I have found five men on the ranch; taking good care of his cattle and horses; of which he has a considerable number: His, cabin home .!is most comfortably fitted up ,and all about it reveals the gentleman and inan of refinement in spite of .this rough frontier. IIls men are devoted to him, and have an-alidliig faith that lie will return, though-. they' cannot account for his mysterious dis appearance. The man, BIrney, who ac?. talk, the black sheep of the flock; but he seemed to have a pull with the ran chero for some reason. Mr Braxton, they told me, left with Blrney for a hunt in theinountains, to be gone only a few days, and the men say they think he has been snowed in; or, if anything has gone wrong with him, Iirney is at the bottom' of it, for one of the men positively assert that Buck Birney has been a road agent, If he is not one of the Midnighters' band now, for he was freqeuently known to make long expeditions alone, and never account for them. That, sir, ends the report of my mission." And the lieutenant seemed much pleased at the hearty approval the colonel gave him for what he had done. 