Tlx i«; HAUNTED MOUNTAINS; OR COLONEL CODY'S SEARCH. A ROMANCE OF THE WEST, By COLONEL PEENTISS INGEAM, " Author of the Mysterious Man in Blue." CHAPTER XXIV.— THE UNERRING , GUIDE. It was with ominous forebodings that j Colonel Ferris saw the party of brave men riding away from the fort in the teeth of a blinding blizzard. But he had the most perfect confidence in Cody as a guide, and one to surmount all difficulties, and he knew well that Surgeon Powell was another "of the same sort. Consequently, to accomplish so much good as the wiping out of the band of Midnighters, he had allowed them to take the risk. He had ordered no man to go, scout or soldier, but had asked for volunteers, and a dozen officers had been anxious to Join the expedition; but Cody and the Surgeon Scout had both asked the colonel to select Lieutenant Edwin Em ory and another young officer by the name of Hugh Seaford. So they were accepted, and calling for volunteers from their separate troops, they quickly secured them. It was the same way with the scouts — when volunteers were called for, all wished to go; but Nick Norcross picked the men whom Cody had suggested to him. They all knew what they had to face, so fitted out accordingly, and the pack- horses were laden with ail that was needed for cold and hungry men and to protect them from the storm, while heavy blankets were carried for the horses, pine knots to quickly kindle fires, and canvas shelters for the men. All at the post saw the men ride forth with a dread that they were going to their death; but many faced the bitter stoim to give them a cheer, and they rode away on the march looking in reality like Indian braves, muffled up as they were, rather than troopers and scouts. But one cry of alarm would have quickly made them forget the cold and strip for battle. In such a. blinding storm, of course, no trail could be seen to follow, that left by Surgeon Powell and Cody having been quickly obliterated. All depended upon the chief of scouts' unerring skill in finding his way, no matter what the weather or how dense the darkness. Leading the party Cody held straight to his course, and though there were it : i.i. 1- : ...kn -T.tl 4 t-Uot ho uiose wili» xiiiji win/ i/j.LTTii irn was at fault, he held straight on. Darkness fell, but still the unerring undaunted guide did not waver, and when all had begun to feel that he surely could not be going right, there loomed up ahead the black mountain range. But had he struck the mountain at the place he had intended? was the question asked in whispers. This was soon answered by seeing the black walls of cliffs rising upon either side, and Surgeon Powell said aloud, so that the men could hear : "We are in the canyon. Seaford. and the camp where we passed last night is not half a mile ahead." The men gave expression to a murmur of delight, and could hardly restrain from a. cheer for Cody, their unerring guide. But discipline prevailed, and those who in their cold and dread had grum bled and said that he was wrong were now ashamed of themselves and loudest to sing the scout's praises. "We shall find a good fire there, I know; for we built fires under a fallen tiee, and even this storm has not put them out," Surgeon Powell added, and the men were further cheered. "It is a good camping ground, then, Powell?" Lieutenant Seaford asked. "Yes, indeed; for it is sheltered by the cliffs from the north wind, and right in a pine thicket on the banks of a little stream, with meadow land upon either side. We must feed the horses with oats to-night and blanket them well, and they will be very comfortable in the pines," continued Surgeon -Powell. "A good supper will soon make us all forget our sufferings, and then one and -ill nf us can turn into our blankets, for there will be no need of sentinel duty to night." remarked Lieutenant Emory, and Surgeon Powell added: "No; the storm is all we have to fear, and I am afraid it is going to keep up for several days." "If it does, it will make us more sure of finding the outlaws, for they will not expect an attack in this weather, nor will they leave their camp." "You are right. Seaford. But see, our tree is burning brightly, for you see the reflection of it yonder;" and Surgeon Powell pointed on ahead to where a gleam of light shone through the storm of on the right. Then suddenly Ccdy halted, and when the command came up to him he re marked in a low tone : "There is our camping place, Lieut enant Seaford; but. as you see, others are there before us." CHAPTER XXV.— A NIGHT FIGHT . .IN A BLIZZARD. q<h of Cody could not but. , startle all of the command — officers, sol- | diers, and scouts. But there was no | doubting his words, and, halting, the i men awaited further developments. Surgeon Powell and Lieutenant Sea ford rode to the front and joined Cody. The three moved ahead slowly, and then the scout dismounted and went forward on foot. All was silence and suspense fpr some fifteen minutes. Then Cody returned, and the three rode- back to the com mand. The wind howled savagely, the snow drove in wildest eddies and was as cut ting as a knife. The ground was covered a foot deep with snow, and the mournful soughing of the wind in the pines was pitiful to hear. worses ana men stood shivering, glanc ing wistfully at the glimmer of the camp fire ahead. Ther was no need of special caution then, for whether friends or foes held the camp they would not be on the look-out for danger on such a night. Then all heard the reportt of Cody. . "The camp is occupied, and by In dians,'" he said. "They are huddled close about the fires, and have their ponies near at hand. The blizzard overtook them, and, fortunately for them, they found our camp-fire of last night, and have a fire going at full blast." "How many are there, Cody?" asked Surgeon Powell. "I counted a hundred, and there may be more lying about in their blankets that I could not see, though I guess they are few, most of them crowding about the fires." "Then there is but one thing for us to do, Cody," said Lieut. Seaford, who was always full of fight, and one of the most dashing officers in the army. "Fight them, sir?" "Yes, Cody." "Certainly, though I am sorry It must be so." '.'Why sorry?" "Well, sir, we shall drive the poor devils off in small parties to freeze." "Yes, that I dislike to do, but what else can be done?" "Nothing else; and we are not S9 sure of driving them, for, imprisoned though tliey will be, they will at once realise their danger and make a desperate stand of it, and being so near the font, the nana aouuuess is composeu 01 picneu braves well armed." "They would listen to no terms?" "No, indeed, sir. AVe must fight them, though we can but pity them. Still, preservation is the first law of nature, and we shall freeze if we stay here, and I do not see how we can find another camp — in fact, sir, the men would get too cold to build fires." "Then fight it is, Cody; so what have you to suggest, for you know the lay of the land about the camp?" "I would suggest, sir, that we advance in line down the valley, on each side of the stream — the scouts on each wing, the soldiers in. the centre. Let us get as near the camp as we can before firing, and then fire at the word and charge, the men keeping well together. AVe are forty-three all told, and with a surprise should be able to whip five times our force, and I know they are not over three to one; but they'll fight hard, sir, for to be driven off means death to many of them by freezing." "Your plan is a good one, Cody, and sliall be followed. Ready for action, men, and you must stand the cold while fighting, so put aside your outer wraps," ordered the lieutenant; and he threw off his storm-cloak and was stripped for the fray. The men were soon ready — Cody on one wing. Surgeon Powell 011 the other, sc-outs next to each other, then the sol diers, with Lieutenants Seaford and Emory leading the centre. The pack-horses were under the care of the negro cook of Lieutenant Seaford, who was a brave and reliable man, and could handle a rifle well. He was to follow some distance in the icau, auu int. tu 1 villain Willi him and sound his bugle loudly after the first fire, and then move up, along with the pack-horses, as though reinforce ments were coming. Crossing, the stream, half of the force went down on eacli side, and the line moved through the blinding, savage storm. They soon came in full sight of the fires, and saw their foes about them. On they moved, silent as phantoms, and were within one hundred yards of the fires when Lieutenant Seaford gave the order to fire. Forty rifles and carbines flashed toge ther, cheers of the soldiers and tlie yells of the scouts rent the air, and the bat lie in a blizzard at niglit was begun. CHAPTER XXAU. — A BUGLE CALL. That the Indians were taken by sur prise goes without saying. Cunning and cautious as they were, they had kept no watch, for they dared not let a brave re- .main away from the fire on such a night. -Tiiev .had. no fear whatever, believing that no one was abroad in "the blizzard of ice. They had been hastening for their home when they came upon the camp deserted, not an hour before, by Cody and Surgeon Powell. The snow had begun to fall, the wind was increasing in fury, and they had halted there, hoping that the storm would blow over. But by- night It in creased, and they preferred to remain. When the rifles rang out in the dark ness beyond the firelight, their roar mingling with the howling winds, they were momentarily dazed. But right in their midst lay a score of their comrades, and the cheers and shouts of their foes coming upon them brought them to their senses. The sleepers sprang from their blankets, and nearly two hundred Indians arose for ac tion. And they prepared to fight — to retreat into the thickets within the circle of firelight and make a desperate stand. Another fire from the repeating rifles brought others down, and then they be held the mass of horsemen moving upon them. Then they began to hit back, and hit hard, as they doggedly retreated for the pines where their ponies were hud dled together. For a moment it looked desperate for the pale-faces, for several had fallen dead under tfie red-skin fire and others were wounded. But just then the bugler in the rear USn 1/1 /uill anil ilia TniSonc bUUJlvICU JJic Vt 1IU 4UUMWUJ) who had felt they could withstand the force they saw, believed that it was but an advanced gu.--.rd of a larger force, and they preferred to brave the dangers of the blizzard to death by the bullets. But they retreated very sullenly, until off on the right flank sounded another bugle c-all, and soon after again in the centre and then on the left. Three calls iiiuicatqd to the Indians that they were being flanked, and as the force was then pushed on in a des perate charge, they broke in a wild stampede and sped down the valley, fir ing as they fled. "I will pursue them with my scouts for a short distance, Lieutenant Seaford, while you get your force in camp and have pots of coffee made with all haste," cried Cody; anid away he dashed with eight scouts at his back, while Surgeon Powell turned to care for the wounded. "That was a splendid ruse of yours, bugler, rushing to ithe- flanks and giving your calls," said Lieutenant Seaford, as the bugler rode up with Spurs, the negro, and the pack-horses. "I only obeyed Chief Cody's orders, sir; for he sent a scout back to tell me to sound the calls on the flanks," said the bugler, frankly. "AA'ell. it stampeded the Indians, just as it was hanging in the balance whether we would not be stampeded," was the lieutenant's reply; and he gave orders to station half a dozen sentinels, have supper with all haste, and to bring the wounded up to the fire, and then he began to see about his own men. "Two soldiers and a scout dead, and eight men wounded, with half a dozen ihorses killed, Powell," he said, as the Surgeon Scout was busy with the wounded. "AVe got off light, for then are a score of dead Indians lying round," was the answer. "Thirty are killed, and they took many wounded braves with them. AVe cap tured a couple of dozen of their ponies for tunately; but I trust Cody will not venture too far." "No, but he will pursue until he makes the Indians believe he has a large force following, and then they will keep closed up, and ride hard to escape and find a sheltered camp." It was over an hour before Cody re turned to the camp, and the horses were used up and men almost dead from cold. "I scattered my men, and they thought we had a large number in pur suit. They will keep going now," said Cody. "It is just as Powell said. Come up and get some hot coffee, all of you, and then turn in, for tlie rest of the com mand are warmed up now, have had supper, and I change the guards every half hour. But. Cody, your orders sent back to Bugler Brock saved us, for those calls sent the red-skins flying." "I am glad of it. lieutenant. But see, the blizzard is increasing in fury, and if ithose poor red-skins don't freeze, it will surprise me;" and Cody did full justice to the supper placed before him by Spurs. Tlie wounded had been cared for, tlie horses blanketed, and the fires were piled high with logs, but there was little sleeii for the brave men that nia-kt of storm and danger. CHAPTER XXATII. — LOST. The morning dawned with the storm still raging, the fierce wind driving the snow in stinging showers over the land. Breakfast was had at an early hour, and Surgeon Powell looked to tlie wounded and reported another scout dying, but the others doing well, add ing : "Fortunately, there is not another man seriously wounded." A council of war was held, the two lieutenants, the Surgeon Scout, and Cody being present, and after each had given his views on .the situation, it tvas de cided to go on. "I can leave two of your scouts, Cody, and a sergeant and four soldiers here to bury the dead and to look after the wounded who cannot go on. This, with our losses, will cut our force down to about thirty men, but we will still out number the outlaws, and a surprise will count for much in our favor. As you said, we do not wish to be thwarted in our expedition, though we certainly, have accomplished much in the blow we gave the red-skins. We will be ready to start in an hour." So said Lieutenant Seaford, and at the time stated the daring band that was to still face the blizzard rode out of the camp on their desperate march to the ouitlaw retreat, leaving behind them the force to care for tlie wounded. Taking the same trail the red-skin3 had pursued, after three hours' weary, march they came where they had been compelled to halt for the night, or freeze to death. Their camp-fires were still burning, and this was a great delight to the little band, though the red-skins, fearing pur suit, had evidently started soon after daylight. Saplings had been cut to form stretchers for the wounded, and the camp presented a most dreary look, for the red-skins had been forced, to leave their dead, and nearly half a hundred warriors who had died from their wounds and others who had frozen to death had been left in the camp. There were dead ponies, too, and a few wounded ones, showing that the warrior band had suffered terribly, and tlie rem nant, cut down to one-half, were press ing on in flight' for their village. A few miles further Cody stuck to the trail, and again and again were passed the bodies of braves and used-up ponies. Then Codv branched off towards the out- law retreat, finding liis way by the mountain-tops, for the storm still con tinued. It was late when they came to the river, the scout having unerringly struck the point where he had crossed with his weird guide. The stream was hard frozen now, and the ice bore the party, and a crossing was made. "Now, I must be very careful, for this storm blinds me. I only passed this way and by night," said Cody; and he moved on slowly through the still driving storm. It was but an hour to sunset, and the scout expecited to reach tlie entrance to the outlaw valley by dark, then camp for supper, and when tlie men were warm and rested, make a niglit attack 011 the cabins. But he halted again and again and glanced about him. The snow shut out all from view, and he had no mountain peaks to guide him. At last it became evident that the ever-unerring scout, Cody, was at fault. "Lieutenant Seaford, we must camp here, sir, for I am lost." "Lost, Cody?" "Yes, sir. This is a miserable place for a camp, with no water and little wood, but night is falling, and to wander aim lessly means death. We must make the best of it until daylight." "It is all we can do, though I fear for our horses and men thus exposed." "It will be worse sir, if we go on, and darkness catches us where there is no wood." "You are right; and so here we will camp, for it is growing dark now." The order was reluctantly given, and the men were compelled to make the best of it. Where they had expected to reach the outlaw retreat that niglit and find shelter, if after a hard fight, they must make the best of what was before tliem. But 110 one blamed the chief of scouts, for all had wondered how he had thus far led them through that blinding storm. They knew that they and their horses would suffer terribly through the night — that some would die, perhaps; but there was no grumbling, and the men set to work to make the best of it, when suddenly a cry from Cody startled one and all, and every eye was upon him. CHAPTER XXAUII. — A WEIRD GUIDE. In the gathering gloom of coming- night, in the driving mist of snow, the scouts and soldiers saw' Cody seated up on liis horse — for lie had made another effort to find a better camping ground- bis hand outstretched as lie pointed to wards some object upon which liis eyes rested. At first they saw nothing, but the keen gaze of Lieutenant Seaford pierced the sweeping curtain of falling snow, and beheld a horse and rider. It was a white horse, and the rider was envelop ed in a mantle as spotless as tlie snow about liini. It looked like a shroud, and floated about the form of the horse man almost like a cloud it seemed. "See! it is a horseman, and steed and rider look like ghosts," cried Lieutenant Seaford. Every eye saw it now, and they beheld an arm of the weird horseman rise and beckon them towards liiin, then point in a certain direction. "Come, Lieutenant Seaford, we must follow him, for that is my Ghost Guide," cried Cody. "Yes. Seaford, Spectre Horseman or whatever it be, we must follow," said Surgeon Powell. The young officer saw Cody ride to wards the phantom-like form, and in stantly it moved away from him, but still beckoned for him to follow. "Come, mount men— forward, march-!" Lieutenant Seaford commanded; and tlie men, who had dismounted, leaped to their saddles as qufckly as their be numbed limbs would allow. "He leaves a trail, Cody, I am glad to see," cried the lieutenant, springing for ward to the side of the scout. "Yes, sir; but liorse and rider art about as weird a pair as I ever met. Still, he led me to safety once, and I will' follow him." v "Yes, I remember; but why not ride UH and join him?" "You notice, .sir, that lie does not wlsH it, for the moment I hasten my pace he -floes the same." > "True, so humor him by all means, Duly do not let him get out of sight." "I'll try not to, sir." - . "You do not fear a trap?" "Not after what he once did for me, Sir." "What do you make out of such a guide?" "I do not know, sir. But whoever or s-hatever he is, he dwells in these moun- :ains, and knows them, though just how ne came in time to save us I do not Know." "Well, ghost or mortal man, we are Indebted to him for our lives, i almost begin to feel. It is growing very dark —do you see him?" "Yes, sir, he has dropped back nearer to us, as though not to have us lose him." After riding on a short distance fur ther, Cody began to look about him, in 6pite of the darkness. At last he said : "Lieutenant Seaford, I know where we are." "Ah!" "We are in the canyon leading to the little valley. I recognise the high cliffs now, and I find I got off the trail a couple of miles back. See there, sir;" and Cody pointed to high cliffs upon one side, and ahead loomed another wall of rock. "The weird guide has halted, Cody." "Yes, he is at the entrance of the pass. Coo ho nnint« lln thp VilllpV flnrl — he has gone." "You are right." The weird guide bad suddenly turned md his horse had dashed off at a bound. "What does it mean, Cody?" 'It means, sir, that he knew we were tost, and lie has guided us to the pass entering tlie valley in which the Mid- nighters have their retreat." "And it is near?" "The barrier across from cliff to cliff is not a quarter of a mile ahead, and then we enter the valley, and, crossing it, are upon the cabins." ' "Well, we will not delay in attacking them, for the men are half-frozen and the horses used up." "Yes; and through the snow we can ride right up to the cabins and demand the surrender of the outlaws, for we can surround each hut, and the sooner we fight it out and get warmth and shelter tlie better." "You are right; so lead the way, and I will have the men come up in close order and look to their weapons;" and tlie lieutenant waited for his men to come up while Cody rode on ahead. W7hen they came up again with him, he was at the barrier, and had let the bars down The weird guide had been true, the goal was before them, and they were ready to fight to the end. CHAPTER XXIX.— THE WARNING. Cody knew the way well up the little valley, round the lake, and to tlie log cabins of the outlaws. No horses were seen, but they had doutbless been put under shelter, lie thought. He bad studied the retreat and its sur roundings well while a prisoner, and was not at fault now, for the cabins lay be fore him. There were six of them, and the men were detached in squads to surround each one. Men and horses were piti fully cold; but the prospect of battle, and warmth and food to follow, was a great reviver for the scouts and sol diers. Not a sound was heard save the roar ing of the merciless storm, and not a light was visible in the cabins, the scout saw; but then the shutters would na turally be closed. It was not late, and yet the outlaws seemed to have all retired. Net a spark or a sign of smoke was seen rising up from any of the chimneys. At last the men bad got their-positions, dismounted, and with their arms ready, stood awaiting the ordeal. Knocking loudly upon the door of what he knew to be the cabin of Captain Law less, Cody awaited a reply, while Sur geon Powell, Lieutenant Seaford, and Lieutenant Emory at the same time knocked at the doors of the other log huts. But no answer came to any of the knocks. Again they were repeated, but it was the same silent response that greeted tliem. "Open in the name of the United States army," commanded Lieutenant Seaford, and his words were repeated at the doors of the other cabins. Still 110 response. "Come, men, break in the doors!" commanded Seaford; and large logs of wood lying outside of each cabin and six feet in length were raised and hurled against the doors. Whatever the fastenings they soon gave way, and the doors stood open. Then the pine knots were brought into requisition, lighted, and one was thrown into each cabin. The light revealed that each cabin was deserted, and, running in, the pine torch was thrown from the clay floor into the large fireplaces. The ashes in each were cold, showing that there had been no fire there for some days at least. The large logs outside were then brought in, and quickly fires were blaz ing and sending forth a cheerful light and genial warmth. The Miduighters had qot been found, but the half frozen men were in a place of refuge from the feorful storm and cold. (To be iwnllnnnl.) 