NOTES AND NOTIONS. ? * ? , [By Tartarin.J | Consistency is a word mnob abased by disputants. How often do we find in argument a man tramping all the good qualities of another with the statement : ' He lacks consistency.' PersonB bringing forward this terrible charge of inconsistency do so triumph antly, as if conscions that it is absolutely final, and that a poor fellow found guilty of being not always consistent is among the lost. Yet, thinking the matter over quietly, is it a terrible thing to be inconsistent 7 Are we not all more or less selfcontra dictory at times, and of necessity so, beoanse we are hnman. Quita apart from the fact that with each day's added wealth of experience and knowledge a man must to an extent shift his mental view and alter his ideas on certain snb jeots, there are variations and moodB of that subtle spiritnal essence, the hnman mind, which lead to unconscious incon sistency. To-day one is buoyant, hope ful, looking out on the future through a roseate mist of hope, seeing no evil pos sible, picturing good soaring triumphant. To-morrow dull Depression has the brain in its talons ; the path ahead seems dark and miserable ; phantoms ot war threaten at every step ; ghosts of dead hopeB gibber in the way. The ohange is a tremendous one, even thongh it may be traced back to so trilling a thing as the intractable nature of the previous evening's supper under the soothing blandishments of the stomach. A day swings the whole mind round. We still hold the same views as to such ephemeral matters as Federation, Free trade and Protection and the like, but on the vastly more important ideas, as to whether life is worth living, as to whether the world rolls on to good or, bad onr conclusions have changed. We have become shockingly inconsistent, Lobster has worked the astounding revolution; in time Nature, with or with out the aid of the pharmocopeia, will convert us from pessimism back to optimism. In matters sociological— in dealing with the great and varied issnes of poli tical economy — perfect consistency is nnnatnral. Where it exists it may be denounced as an artificial thing. The man who is apparently most consistent has generally no convictions ; he is usually only engaged in persuading others that he has convictions, the very machine-made nature of wnich exposes their unreality, During the period (nearly two years) dnring which ' Tartaric ' has had the pleasure of conducting this column it is probable that very many contradictory statements have at times appeared. What[has been enthusiastically prophesied one week has been sourly doubted the next. If so, no apology is needed. It is the fashion only of the unreasoning to claim consistency. But there are certain points on which inconsistency is hardly possible. That two and two make four is a statement which can be made unhesitatingly, what ever the state of the liver. There are other similar axioms, things admitting of no donbt whatsoever, which may be taken as the basis of a healthy political creed. These may be called the articles of faith of sociology. Outside of tbem there are doctrinal points on wbieh diversity of opinion may be freely allowed. The articles of faith of a gennine reformer may te set down as fallows : 1\. No good can come out of politics. 2\. The politician being a person, whose ambition or whose pocket is served by the Dretence that by politics can the world he saved, should be distrusted as a false prophet. 3\. The road to social and moral better ment is by the individual bettering him self, and then, if he has time, trying to better his friends. (N.B. Very few will have any time). A general confession of these three articles of faith by humanity wonld soon make of the earth a kind of Paradise. The ' swart peasant sweats for his wage, toiling for leave to live ' not through the wants of Acts ofjParliament, bat becaase of the want of economic knowledge and of Christain charity. In a country where every man knew better than to allow a waste of labor force or to do deliberate wrong to his fellow man, there wonld be no social problem. There wonld still i be richer and poorer, still some with-iiiore of this world's gifts than others, but non6 with too little to live decently. The path to reform then is to toach each man to. know better. Anything I have written in this colnmn has been intended to assist a a recognition of that one central trnth. Inconsistencies on matters of detail may have been frequent, but I trnst that on the whole the main object has been in some small degree served. This farewell has become quite sermon-like. Let it have at least the merit of brevity. 