RE itIOUST STOREllS. Thee are, of course, a variety of opinto with regard to the merits of Mr T. . Stead as a literary man. Some think Lt he has niore than the ordinary amou of brains served out to any indi vidua etan. Others hold that there is a crank the machinery, and that, as the old S tish engineer of a mercantile sten r once remarked of a man-of-war office he knows such a deuce of a lot that doesn't exactly know what he does cow. But of the fact that he is an en rprising journalist with a knack of hJitng-off the public taste at the right oment few have any doubt what er. If he be "mad," as some critichave said, he is, as Hamlet says himself, only "mad nor'-nor' west, and when the wind is southerly he " ows a hawk from a hernshaw." For ample, it will be in the recollec tion our readers that in the "Review of Re ews" of 1891-2, he took up the text "The are more. .things between bean - and' earth than are drea d of in your philosophy," and preached thereon right elo quent .. Some portions of the ser monr ye been collected, and are now issue under the title of "Real Ghost Stori " (Bell's Colonial Library, George Robe son and Co.) --The author can didly dmits. that "it is an offence to some a take a ghost too seriously," and he:al advises that the narratives had bette not be'readby any one of tender ,S'e of morbid excltability, or of ex cesslvely ner'ous temperament. Well, we h re read them in globo, and hold the l4mble opinion that the average man woman might follow our examp!e nithnpunity. For example, we have the f lowing description of a haunted hour in the country; \- So?ue years ago I. one day met a lady with nhom I was slightly acquainted, who told me that she was on the eve of makiif ' change bf residence. She addelthat her husband, had taken a three bears' lease of a house in road, and when she described the costly iml)ements which were being carried on in rder to make the abode luxurious ly-hatliable, I remarked that the altera tions isere more in keeping with a.long rathe than a short lease. My surprise, tllere ore, was great, when a fewn months later heard that the family, whom I will here call the Smyihes, had removed not c41ly from the house in question, but from the vicinity rltogether. About four years later we removed to a house in the same road-No. 8, the house for merly occupied by the Smythes, being then , very dismal-looking residence. The I nges of its heavy gate were coated with rust, the front garden and ap proai? covered with wild growth, while the massive portico and sills wore a hopelessly blackened complexion, and I again nondered why the Smythes had remoyed so suddenly. About this time I reeved a visit from a lady whose ac quaintance I had made a month or two previous, and she began at once to dis course on the merits of the houses com liosingour roadl. 'I always liked the ter race,', she said, 'and you may judge we mustlhate been ten'ibly unnerved to icray'No. 8 as we did.' I started, and looke -astonished, 'Did you niot know,' she continued, 'that we lived for nearly a year at No. 8? We took an expiring lease of the house from a .ir Smythe: The family had only been in it a few months when they left very hurriedly, although no expense had been spared in the way of improvements to the house itself. Every one was surprised; but Mr Smythe told me that his "wife wvas suffering from great nervous depression, and the doctor had ordered her im mediate.removal at any cost;"' and, she added, 'After we had been in the house a little time I ceased to wonder at her nervous depression, or the sudden removarof the family; for the probable cause developed all too speedily in our own daily lives.' She went on to-say, 'I am not at.all superstitious, but it is a fact that long before we were settled in our new abode eveiy one became con scious of. an eerie, uncanny feeling per vading the'house and seeming almost at mospheric,' My. friend then entered very fully, into gruesome detail.' She said 'that apart frpm the sense of the ghostly depression of which she had spoken, ootOiig'i~vas. seeen or. heard-for two or lthjee -elses before;their arrival.: 1"-ll slnein'elein?, whlle -sitting -in the dining-room with her husband, an Australian captain, they were suddenly startled by a loud knocking in the fire side recess; a few. minutes later the knocking was repeated in the recess on the other side, and after a-time was re penited also mn recesses in the back rooin. My friend, whom I will here call Mrs A:, immediately sent to ,the 'adjoining house'to know if any one was knocking for'aid, but the answer returned was ti r and Mrs - were in the "diing-room, the former being confined to the couch by indisposition. On several occasions a peremptory knocking at the dining-room door was heard, but when, on more than one occasidn, the door was quickly opened from the inside, no one was visible. One evening, soon after the, captain's departure for Australia, Mrs A. was sitting alone in the break fast-robmin, this room being in lthe base nsent; no one else was in the house, for the children were at a juvenile gathering in the neighborhood, and the servant had gone to bring them home. My friend was busily engrossed in writing, when puddenly she was startled by the tread of slippered feet across the dining-room floor, and she also distinctly heard a leather'chair moved some dlitance along the.ground, and she at once concluded that thieves were in the house. "A dog which lay on the rug aleo heard the sounds, for he pricked up his ears and barked. Wthout a moment's delay she flew to the door, calling the dog to follow her, intending as she did so to open the ball door and call for assist ance; but the dog, though an excellent house dog, crouched at her feet . and whined, but woud not follow her up the stairs, so she carried him up in her arms, and, reaching the door called for as. sistance; when, -however, the dining room doors were opened the rooms were in perfect order and destitute of any signs of life. The servant told her after wards that,'as she sat in the kitchen, she 'peautedly heard footsteps overhead at times when she knew the rooms were perfectly empty. "After hte family had been in the house a few weeks, a white rabblt made its appea.rance. This uncanny .animal would suddenly appear in a room in which members of the family were seated, and after gliding round and slip ping under chairs and tables, would dis appear through a brick wall as easily as thirough an open door. Mrs A. then re lastl another incident which had evl dently made:a profound impression on her. She said that as the captain was so selTom at home, nand the house was ter llatrge sliewas solicittis -that'the children ?hould, it possible, be kept in happy Ignoance of/ their weifrd', sur toupdings. ' . - ,e, -. .... - al Shostlh posibilities e ne il uded to in their presence; she 'i'es there fore, horrified-one evening; when sittihg in the din?ng-roont in company with her young daughter-a child of nine years at'seing her suddenly spring to her feet from her seat on the rug, and exclaim, 'Ms:umm , look at that boy creeping round the wall!' The mother looked In the direction to which her hand pointed, but saw nothing." She then endeavos-ed to divert the child's attention, assuring her that it was only her nervous fancy. She piarsially succeeded, although -tlle little one seemed much agitated. A fw minutes after, however, she tslprang to her motherct side the second time, again exclaiming, 'There is tlst boy :gain! Lok, reanmma, he has slipped under the table.' She -was greatly terrified, and begged to be takenl from the room." The real ghost in this episode remalis unseen, but the white rabbit remains, and finally drives the inmates fromn the house. Of such ghosts, even Alice in Wonderland would have but little fear. Wise to Defer Actlon.-Gummey : Mr Tiff is trying to break his wife's will. Gargoyle : Ie knew better than to try to do such a thing while she was alive. 