THE GREAT EMERALD; Op, THE TENANT OF HILL HOUSE. ' PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. By Edmund Downey ("E. M. Allen"), Author of "Behind the Door," "A House of Tears." "Through Green Glasses," &c.; COPYRIGHT. ' CHAPTER IV.— (Continued.) "Where did you hear the noises? In my . room?" ' , . ' \- Blair; threw down hope, and braced, himself to hear the worst.. , . "No, sir. Not- upstairs.'. On this, floor, and; we saw"— the woman gave a little shrlekiand looked over her shoulder in terror, ... . .. > Mrs. Blair and Milly had come Into the i'liill, leaving tlio-rtuor opeii behind them, and VV . were standing behind the diamond merchant. "You saw what, Jane?!' he-asked, with less excitement; . ' . . . .. . "We saw, sir, looklng-ln at the. kitchen window— " She paused and leaned 'against tlie wnll for support. , "Aman in a grey coat." .She glanced ' ni'ound libi: again'tipprehenslvely. . 1 .Lu "Come, come, of course no man had a light to be in the grounds, but there is nothing .verv terrible In that." , . '. . "There was, sir; he was horrible to look at, and it was more horrible to see hlm than his looks." The woman gasped, and gave an- lll'And has anyone been in my room Blnce "Only Mr. Harry, sir. He went there when he came first, and again when he came the uscond time." . . ' "And you don't know where he s gone. "No, sir; he didn't say." At that moment the woman pointed wildly at the open front door, then threw up her hands and shrieking, "There he Is! the man In the grey coat! fell on the floor In a swoon. -Mrs. Blair and Milly ram -to the ...tenor- stricken housemaid and raised hei. Blali darted to the open door, and Shading his ejes with his hands stood gazing; into the dark ness for awhile. . Then he came back to the. hall, frowning and mutterin'g. "There certainly was something— a cat, l think, on tlie lawn, but my eyes were dazzled, and perhaps 'twas nothing at all. I must not forget to ask. Harry to shut the gate when he comes back. And now that all Is explained by the cock-an|d-bull story" about;- the ghost of the man in the grey coat,. I may ds. well ' see all is right In my room." . He hastened upstairs. . ; In. 'a minute he. was down again. Going over to his AWfe, who h'ad got Jane on a chair, he tvhfsperednn -Mm. Blair's ear— - " , , ;. .. . "The safe has been forced, and everything ! v that was In it is gone, including the great emerald!" CHAPTER V.— BOHEiWIA. Almost in a straight line with The. Nook ; , and Hill House', and over the brow, of the hill on which Mosely's residence rose back against ' the sky, stood a modest dwelling'called Olive Lodge. It could not be seen from The Nook '! in clear day, for the Hill swelled between it and Blair's place, but from Hill House it was visible, a bow shot down the slope of ground 'which dipped Into one of the shallow. Nor- ' wood valleys. _ The tenant of Olive Lodge was Joe Mac- kenna, a tall brosvn- hairYd, brown-eyed, full- . i; : bearded, broad shouldered, good-liumoured young , man, of twenty-nine, a fine fellow by ift!,- , nature and a journalist by profession.. He was a bachelor, living with Kitty his slater,. : v nine years younger. Kitty had the brown ; eyes and the brown Ualr of her brother, but V, not his inches, not. Indeed, the inches of the v \ average woman. -. ' ' : if Kitty was not downright beautiful, she I ' ' was downright delightful. Joe's artist1 friends ' said her figure woe . about -'is, 'goo'd' tttf - you 1 could find, and' that lier hands were perfect, no less; and her' feet were perfect.too— they ' i imagined, they said, \and that If she had a perfect foot she ought, of course, be put In a ' marble temple all by herself, and worshipped. This matter never having been settled, she ; walked about her brother Joe's house In very ' becoming boots or shoes, or slippers, -an oc casion required; and every day of her life she did something with those perfect hands in the Cining-room and drawing-room and Joe'B own working-room, and - in the bed-rooms. Yes, every day she did a good deal with those perfect hands In the very kitchen itself; for ; Joe was not rich enough to keep a retinue of : i , - servants und had, in fact, no more than one. Kitty had th<? dainty appearance and the cheerful manner of a bird, and when by her self she was always singing little snatches of songs, although she hiul no really singing voice, and was shockingly deficient in scien tific knowledge of music. . "I don't care for music as music," Bhe would say, "but I love airs or bits of airs." Her nose was short, and did not turn down at the point, so thav nothing ever obstructed your view of her mouth, anil her red moist, mobile, living lips, were (to the mind of a young man), worth all the classical marble noses ever fashioned tn marble by musty old Greeks. ' , , The perfect hands of Kitty Mackenna been busier than usual all through the day of the- 19th of September, for that day was one of dignity, and pomp In Joe's life, and he had usked a few friends to his place for the evening. Among those invited was Harry Blair. The affair at Olive Lodge was not to be. very grand 'or formal, and most of the men had been asked within forty-eight hours. No an swer bad been received from The Nook, where Joe had sent a note for Harry. It was there fore uncertain whether young Blair was cmr.- ing or not.. . ': , . . Of late Harry had sliown a great. desire .to bo polite fo' Kitty, and: Kitty had more.J.han once blushed to find ' h'erself asking- herself -IfV-Harry Blalr was not. the, nicest person'she had ever met. ,,Harry.!had. made up' his secret mliid for some time that:, Kitty was (without going deeper into figures)1 a .thousand times, nicer than all the rest of the human race put together, and . he decided thus notwithstand ing the fact that he knew, many excellent people. . ; ' Most of the guests bidden for the evening -had' already arrived at Olive Lodge. Kitty, was flitting from kitchen , to dining-room downstairs. 'Only men ' were coming, and as they arrived 'they \vere sent up to Joe's snug gery.. . . ' In Maelcenha's working room It was not the fashionable 'bad quarter of an hour be fore dinner, but the Bohemian . good half-hour before -supper; Five or six men (It was not easy to count heads In the Smoke) had turned, up within a few minutes of onle another. All. of these lid d come from Town by' the same train. As yet the conv&rsatlon; had not become general, for some of the- guests had not met before and there had: been no -time for introductions. One of the latest to enter the room knew host and house well, and signalised his advent by calling out, "I say, Mackenna have you. no respect for my feellngB.' A fire In September!" He was- a full-bearded man of fortv, a fat,, chubby being, wig) looked as If the world and jhe were on' good' terms; "It is raw out. of. doors,',' said Mackenna,' 'apologetically.- "He moved towards tne flre- i place, - motioning the expostulator, Jack 'Thompson, to, a low easy cliair which stood at a civil distance 'from tlie hearth. "But you huye, not lighted y.o.ur Are out of doors, Joe"." - ' ,,, "My dear,Thompson,-if I"am,-not a Druid I may ait least', make a , Christian martyr of myself and put my five', foot fen Inches of lleslibetween you and'ithe sacrificial flame!" "Now," went on Mackenna, brushing back' his plentiful brown hair-' from. Ills forehead, "Some sort of Introduction Is necessary. Three ot' you are old offenders and know the ways of the house; two" of you I bavo not had the pleasure of, seeing, under my arcadian roof ;untll this. evening. The quickest way will be to " . _ -. "Make a"'long speech, Joe,"' suggested Thompson-, now reclining, with outstretched legs, in the easy chair.; "That wus not my meaning nor intention. Thompson,- but perhaps I might be tempted to speak a speech -to punish your rudeness. Yc.u' needn't groan. What . did occur to me, boys, W3R to Introduce you by means or what are known liv the trade .' as personal para graphs" . . . . "I, .'for one; object lo.belng pilloried, Mac kenna," said a pale, slim, dark-haired young man, who stood near Thompson making a ci garette, and'dlsplaylng his white and tapering fingers to 'advantage.. ; "Be Rllenti. Potts. Take tliait wicker chair ;neai' "you, and listen. Gen'tlemen, directly: In front of me, and burning tobacco in a meer schaum far too good for him, Is Jack Thomp son—there are no Misters in Bohemia." "Thanks for your condescension," inter rupted Thompson, "Misters! Arn't we all Kings or Lords or Princes In Bohemia?" (' "Certain Inhabitants of the country have .been whipped out of the court, yoii know." "I note the allusion, Joe. I hope you will admit that though I am not naturally honest, I am sometimes honest by chance?" "1 don't object to your fcuphazard honesty so much as I object to your present rudeness, Thompson."' "Well, fire ahead, and I'll try to be less hon est and less rude." I "That's a dear boy! My Interrupter, gen tleman, Is by profession an nrtlst. I will not say whether his work Is good, bad or indiffer ent; but I may tell you he has been a regular contributor to 'The Wasp' ever since I had'tile privilege of editing that powerful engine of public and private opinion. Jemmie Potts— ho who entered a protest against being pilloried — is a regular contributor to the literary col umns of that powerful print. Jemmie Is a poet In the first place, though he frequently dismounts, with good grace, from the winged steed to go on the Shunk's more for prose. Now, are you satisfied, Potts? David Raln- shaw, now striking a match. Is another mem ber of our literary staff." A stout man, with a crop of curly brown hair. let. one match go out, and was nen-ously trying to strlke.another. "Thus far," continued Mackenna, "have I dealt with privileged beings associated with 'Tlie 'Wapp.'- A. young man on the chair at , my right Is Philip Kenny. A fellow country man and neighbour of mine. He has recently discovered me." Kenny was scarcely twenty. He sat wRh folded arms, and s tared ruefully at the car pet. "He is one of the brightest ornaments in her Majesty's Civil Service, My tail friend reclining on tlie corner of the lounge is Daniel O'Gorman." ' "Spare me, Mackenna." cried the recumbent subject of this personul paragraph. "I am young nhd innocent In the beautiful city of Prague." "Dan," said Mackenna, severely, "you must bear, it, whether you grin or not. O'Gorman; gentlemen, arrived unexpectedly tills evening. We are old friends. He is a Member of Par liament. I tremble to. make that statement, for to me there Is always something appall ingly respectnbje about the senator. Now .1 have disposed of you all, and for. the rest of the evening I nm your most obedient, humble- ;servant. Oh, . I forgot, 1. expected another fellow., 'His nameiis Blair. He takes a great, liilereatjii art matters, and knows everything about jewels and precious stones,,. He: may turn .up' later. . Ho lives' at Tliii. Nook,, at . .the/; /bottom of .the hill.. -Hells the soil of the man Blair,' who to-day bought the great emerald; of Cawnpore for eleven thousand pounds!" ; It -.'.-as a relief when the cerjipriony of Intro duction was over. Each'member of the little company feared the host might say something unpalatable. But though Joe -Mackenna wielded a caustic pen, and-could say 'a caustic thing, he lcnew'the limits of good behaviour. The only one In' the room who still felt uneasy was O'Gorman. The tall, black-haired, clean shaven man on. the couch— a little at the sun ny side of thirty— could harangue an open-air audience with boldness amounting almost to ferocity, but 111 a room, even amongst friends, ho was- the shyest and most timid of men.' When Mackenna finished speajclng lie ' sat , down, lit a. briar pipe, and stared at the ceil ing. . "Joe," shld Thompson, afier condescending to bestow n.few brief sentences upon young Kenny, "what about1., your speech? Surely on such occasion as this- we are within our rights in demapdingi one," /''' ; . . "A speeclj /on/compulsion! . Never!"- .said Mackenna' .'.theatrically, '."You are! neglecting yourself, Thompson, and. your- friends, too. If you are not going, to lighten that' decanter pass It to Potts',' please." ; V v "The speech,' "Joe," - persisted- Thompson. "Silence for Mackenna's speech.-' . I know he Is dying tol muke;one. 'Hold lidrdi' Potts, old man. I qui going1- to lighten the- decanter. Respect my.grsy hairs; please!. ,'Gome, Joe, up on your hind legs and out' withUt.'' '! ! "Well, you ;shall, have It, my friend," said Mackenna' rising, with his pipe - between his linger and thumb. - . - ?' . "Boys," he began briskly, '"this, as sonie' of you must be'awuve! Is the first anniversary bf my. editorial connectlbn'/wlthTthat- powerful organ — , . . : ' / '. 'Engine,- Joe," ' Interruptfe'd" Thompson; "stick, to the- engine, it' a more', moving word." . . "Organ of . public opinion— 'The' -Wasp!' Fifty-two weeks ago the paper was put Into my charge, having .enjoyed a previous exist ence of six or seven months. It was started originally " , "Joe, Joe, dear boy, iiow could It start any , other way? We shall have to, call /on , Mr. O'Gornian to report progress— In fact, to take your native bulls by the horns— If you dre not more careful." . . . ' "Thompson, oblige me by not being an Idiot!" pleaded Potts. . . "I won't be an Idiot, Potts. Not even to oblige you by keeping you company. ..Go bn,': Joe." . . " 'The Wasp!' gentlemen,'.' continued Mae-., kenna,. shaking d rvamlng forefinger. . at the , artist," "was established .'for it uiiique pur- : pose, namely, 'to supply a long-felt' want; It's rude. 'to laugh. I - assure', you the; statement ! was In. the prospectus. A mail .-who Is , not amongst us , this' evening found the money; and for the past twelve months; I have found the brains (Oh! Oh!) in the head of Rain-, sliaw, Potts, and Thompson (Well-turned 1); It has not, I am told, proved a gigantic com mercial success/Its circulation— except in the mouths of advertisement canvassers— does not run into -millions. But its position, if. modest. Is satisfactory' to the proprietor, and I believe, to the contributors. Now; don't -all speak at once. 'The Wasp' Is a very close borough." "Oh!" groaned Thompson. "What a hideous metaphor! My teeth are on edge. RalnshaW, pass that decanter, quickly. It's at your el bow." ' .' . - ' ' ' "Thompson," continued Mackenna lmper- turbably, "Is ' our only artist.. He is tilso one of our literary contributors. His contribu tions are notiible for their fine rhetorical—, hni t wnn't comnel his blushes, m-ovided he keeps himself quiet! 'The Wasp,', gentlemen, Is a Bohemian organ. That Is to say, fit Is, not considered a distinctly fashlbnabld jour nal. We do' not' profess, to produce a paper written by ladies for gentlemen,. .or by gen tlemen for gentlemen/or by gentlemen for ladies. We are more modest. Our aim is to produce u paper which even If it-, has the misfortune to be lively. Is not unfit, for, the - boudoir, and may be Introduced to the/nur sery, for purposes of wnll decoration. W,e endeavour to be honest without being often- , slve, when there is no need of offence; and we endeavour to be offensive, when-. It is ne cessary to be offensive, without. losing sight, of our honesty. . Our paper. In' its. present lamentably upright condition, suffers, from being misnamed. I did not christen! it; I ex tracted the envenomed sting as,. soon as ..I found myself on the editorial chair.. In»per-. forming that operation I may perhaps have acted not wisely, from the commercial .point of view; but I try to comfort myself, with that hackneyed apophthegm that it is, only - folly to be wise." "Or folly to declare . you are wise,"- ob served Rainshaw, folding his arms aggres sively. - ;; - , ' "Such a declaration would; If -made before a magistrate, get me_into serious trouble, pavid; "my worthy -friend. ; , I am" ho't.' the proper person to propose the toast I am going to give you. ' Still, I will ask. you to charge your glasses', and drink success to 'The : Wasp.' " A; chorus of "Hip, hip, hurrahs," rose upon the smoke-charged air, and Mackenna, after bowlng/wlth mock gravity, sat down, beside Kenny, IiIb youngest and most diffident guest. CHAPTER VI.— HARRY BLAIR MISSING. When the excitement of drinking the toasl had subsided Rainshaw drew his chair to Potts', -and engaged in earnest conversation with the poet. Thompson stood up, Intent on a political discussion with the Irish member, and soon found a seat for himself on the eoueh near O'Gorman and opened fire. The artist was in the habit of describing him self as a Radical Conservative, chiefly . be cause he had no political convictions. He re garded politics as the source of subjects for argument, and nothing else. "I presume, Mr. O'Gorman," he said, "you are like Maeltenna, a Liberal." "i am not,' answered O'Gorman, who had no taste for intramural political discussion. Even the House had few attractions for him. "I'm delighted to hear It, sir. Then may : I flatter myself you are a Conservative, like the unworthy creature who. '"risks,- the ques tion?" . - .i . ; "I am act, Mr. Thompsbn," /answered O'Gorman, an 'amused expression brightening ills handsome face. ' "Oh! A Liberal Unionist, then?" "Nor am I a Liberal Unionist either." Thompson was puzzled! "There are only three varieties of the politician knoivn - to me," he said. , ' "And I -don't belong to any of them," paid O'Gorman. "I thought- Mackenna- made-it clear I was an Irish member,", ,, ... .. "Perhaps a member of the Fourth. Party.";:, "Nor that either." . ' . . , , . (TO BR CONTINUED;)' , . 