NA\T AND ARMY ? ITEMS OF INTEREST. The Victoria Cross was instituted on February 5, 1856. Most of Britain's large first-class battle-shipa carry nearly 800 men aboard. The* State dress of a trumpeter of the Royal Horse Guards, 'the Blues,' costs over £100. I A private of Her Majesty's Royal j Bodyguard ranks in tide with a captain ;in - the navy or a full colonel in the fanny. ! The weight of a warship when she is I launched is only a third of what she , weighs when finally commissioned for (service. The bunkers of a torpedo-boat de stroyer hold about 60 tons of coal. The vessels themselves only displace about 250 tons. 'Copenhagen,' the famous charger which Wellington rode the entire daj at the battle of Waterloo, was born in 1808, and died in 1836. - The Rev. Arthur Robins, D.D., the acting chaplain to the forces, and 'the Bishop of the Household Brigade,' is generally known as the 'Guards- men's Bishop.' The whole of the cocoa, mustard, pepper, etc, used by the British navy is manufactured fit Deptford Dockyard. Facilities also exist for making ship's biscuits, flour, etc. Brigadier Sir H. EL Kitchener, the Comniander-in-Chief of the forces of the Khedive of Egypt, is only 45 years of age. His title of 'Sirdar' means 'Com- mander-in-chief.' The great cruiser Powerful, about which so much has been published late ly, is the third ship which has carried this name in the British navy. The name Powerful first- appeared on the lists 113 years ago. Deptford dockyard was first estab lished as a Government ship- building yard in 1573, but was a private yard long before this. In 1577 Sir Francis Drake sailed from there when he made bis famous voyage round the world. The riding-master of a Cavalry regi ment is an officer attached to it to su pervise the instruction of officers and men in riding. The post is usually filled from the non-commissioned ranks, and carries with it the relative rank vi lieutenant. What is termed the 'gun-room' of a man-of-war is a cabin where the mid shipmen, naval cadets, and other junior officers pass their time when off duty. It came to bo called the gun-room from being under the. care of the gunner in days gone by. ' The duty of the Inspector-General of Ordnance is to see that the army is well supplied with all articles of equip ment and war material, such as guns, armor, ammunition. He also has to look after all stores and magazines, and to generally see that a good supply of fighting material is constantly on hand. The term Admiral did not come into use until A.D. 1300, when a brave and distinguished seaman of the time was given die title 'Admiral of the Fleet of the CSnque Ports.' The French, how ever, had used the term in 1297, when, in a convention made at the time, Sir W. Leybourne is styled 'Admiral of ths Sea- of the King of England.' Bad food is said to have accounted for the death of 3,000 sailors on die West Indies station in the commence ment of the eighteenth century. All these men, headed by their Admiral, a famous seaman named Hosier, are said to have appeared as ghosts later on, 'all in trailing hammocks shrouded, which for winding sheets they wore,' as the old ballad went. At the storming of Seringapatam by the British in 1799, booty worth mil lions of pounds was captured. It is on record that two solid gold bangles, found by a soldier, were sold by him for next to nothing, but so valuable were die stones in diem tbat one was subsequent ly sold for £32,000. It is believed by many even now that great masses of treasure of various kinds are buried in the vicinity ofthe towA, 