THE NOVELIST. PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. WilÍEcliii; Her Escapades, Adventures, and Bitter Sorrows. BY WILLIAM BLACK. Author of "A. Daughter of Heth," "A Princess ot Thule." "Madcap Violet." "In Far Lochaber, "White Heather," "Stand Fast, Cralgr-Royston, .'Highland Cousins,' 'etc., etc. (Copyright.) CHAPTER Li.-(Continued.) "We thought it was for the funeral you cara through, sir; and no one would be liking to sp eal to you about it. Will I go off the road?"-io Hlghlandèrs do not care to meet a funeral. ? "No, no," Gilchrist responded, sharply. "Kee; to the road; but when the funeral comes up, thei you can give them plenty of room to go by ; and i Mr. Somerled Macdonald wishes to speak to me he can either do that or pass on, just what h chooses." The tiny black procession coming into the whit moorland consisted merely of the hearse and on mourning carriage, and the mourning carriag had but one occupant. When he saw that thi was Archie Gilchrist, whom he had encountered Soiherled Macdonald ordered ,th6 driver to stop and Gilchrist got down and went across." "This is very sad-and sudden," he said. "Well, not so sudden," Sonîerled answered. " had been warned by the doctor. And not so ba< either. He died full of years and honor, and thi greatest honor conferred upon him was the kind ness of the ladies of Kinvaig. He had no expeota tion of any such thing when we came to this coun try--oh, no, none-for he was net a presuming man-and their reception of him, and their con tinued friendliness towards him-became thi crowning joy of his life. Well, both mother anc daughter will find that he has not been ungrate ful. Miss Eelin will find she has not been for gotten. But I am detaining you, and it is cole up here. You are going on to Alt-na-Tralve?" "No," Gilchrist answered, in great embarrass ment. "My mission was to see you- but in thes( circumstances-" "HÍIW can anything be altered?" Somerled Mac donald said, in his direct fashion. "If you a« going back to Lairg, take a seat in this carriage and let your waggonette follow. Then you car tell me at your leisure." . Gilchrist accepted this suggestion-and yet witt some apology. "If I had known," he said, as they continuée on their way, "I should have ^come in propel clothes. But there "Was no intimation of any kind-" "No," said his companion, "I weill arrange about the newspaper announcements when I get to In veraish; it will be more certain there than writ ing from a remote hamlet like Alt-na-Traive. Still, I wonder you have not heard-for I sent a note tc Glengarva House-" "At Glengarva House," Gilchrist said, slowly, "1 do not think they are opening letters just now." The strong, refined features of the other man grew suddenly ashen-grey. "What is it you mean?" he said at once. And then Gilchrist told him all the tale that he had in a kind of way prepared and arranged in sequence; and he went on to defend his own posi tion; and why he had come on this journey-not knowing of the funeral. For a. while Somerled Macdonald sate silent. The clear, brown, con templative eyes looked troubled; there was no other sign. At length he said "What the doctor told you about her splendid constitution is everything; clearly that is what he runes upon; ann «neu she nas puiieu tnrougii, and become her natural self again, it will be time enough to talk about me. No, there will be no ta ile about me. People in delirium take wild fancies; and all these rambling referencEs to the Casi.'* hill ana Ben Vvyvis, mean-just nothing at all." Gilchrist shook his head. ; "You may think what you like," he said, "but I know. The' story she told me- mistaking me for you-was too consecutive. The secret she had kept hidden i was no longer a secret, when the thought she was talking to you." And-then after a while, Somerled Macdonald said- .;. "Why did you come to tell me all this-you who are engaged to be married to her?" "I could have concealed it, no doubt," Gilchrist answered calmly, "and probably when the fever goes, she may have forgotten that she made these revelations., And she would keep her pro mise to me; I am certain of that; yes, I am cer tain of that. But then I should be a dishonored man. And it is not for Eelin Macdonald to pass her life with a dishonored man." "You are making a great sacrifice," said the other, absently. "Only-only-how can one trust to what is said in delirium?" "I do not ask you," Gilchrist answered. "But when she is quite out of the illness, you must go to her, and you must tell her from me that she is free- yes, yes, quite free to choose wherever her wish may fall-and then you may believe the story she confided to me when I was carrying.her from the Islands to Glengarva House. And she will have no difficulty In understanding why you should present yourself before her. Well she knew what the thousand pounds meant." "The thousand pounds!" said Somerled Mac donald. "The thousand pounds! When I would have the skin of both my hands flayed to make a lacing-string for her shoe!" And so they went on through the wide, white, silent wilderness until they reached Lairg sta tion, where the coffin was transferred, while they passed on to one of the usual compartments. They were pretending to talk about ordinary things about the green of the fire showing through the snow-about the removal of the nets from the Kyle of Sutherland-about the letting of the Langwell Lodge-and so forth; but perhaps their thoughts were elsewhere. Archie Gilchrist, for example, was conscious that in due time they would get down to Dingwall; and he knew of an old silver-haired dame there who would now probably never see Eelin Macdonald, and never understand how near he had been to winning for himself the proud-eyed, proud-Bteppirfg daughter of the House of Kinvaig. When they arrived at Invernish there was ano ther necessarily tedious transference of the coffin, and Archie Gilchrist would have had his compa sion drive out with him to hear the latest tidings of the poor invalid. But Macdonald declined. "No," he said, "until I have seen my father laid in that small churchyard in Glengarva, I must do nothing else. And indeed," he added, with some delicacy, "I was wondering whether you might not have gone on with me.-" "And I was thinking of it, too," said Gilchrist, "for I know lt is just what Eelin herself would wish. Only, I must get news of her; and I will jump into a cab, and see if I can intercept the doc tor anywhere; and then I will go home for a couple of seconds, to get into proper clothes; and I shall he back here before you are ready to start. And meanwhile you must get something to eat: it's a long way to Glengarva; and there is the Station : Hotel-if you go Into the coffee-room, I shall join, you in a few minutes-" In a very short time he was back; the sub dued gladness of his face was its own report. Somerled Macdonald held out his hand, and it was grasped. "It ls well," Somerled said (with \the grave - eyes burning), "I can see it is well." "Yes, yes," said the other, "the news is good. But I could not find the doctor; I chanced to come across the night-nurse, who was out for her usual walk; and she thought that Miss Eelin was going on first-rate, in spite of the tremendous trial. Oh, yes, her tone was confident, if it was cautious; and I think that some of us may yet hear Eelin Macdonald sing 'The Braes of Glenbraon'-no, no, not that one-she seemed to have a fear bf that one-but any of her other songs-'O Heard Ye Yon Pibroch'-or 'Sweet Sir, for Your Courtesle'-" He turned away, and looked round the big dining-hall. He professed to be interested , in the question as to whether the stags' antlers dis played along the cornice were real or manufac tured. And when he. came back to the small table that Somerled Macdonald had engaged, he asked whether the latest telegrams had come in àbout the Forfarshire election. Macdonald's firm eyes were not to be deceived. He said to him self "Here is a man whose heart is bro Ken nv uiie bitter stroke of fate; and in all God's universe what atonement can be made to-him for that? No, nor may one even offer a furtive word- of sympathy!" Thereafter they resumed their journey; and as their route lay along the east bank of the river, they came within sight* of the Islands, and, on . the opposite side of ' the stream, the red house with its black araucaria, Its cedars, and Its yel lowed elms and limes. The sunlight was on the place, and all seemed happy and quiet. - "Do you see that open gate?" said Gilchrist for the eyes of both men were fixed on the same Spot. . \ '[.':?'?''?:?/.. "I know it." "Ah, but some day the drive will not be so empty as it ls now. You will find Eelin Mac donald come swinging along, with the joy of youth in her free way of walking, and the joy of youth in her greeting to this one and that. Look-they have left the gate open! Do you understand what this is for? Why, when she comes out for her first stroll, she will not be Im peded! And of course Jane will be there, when the carriage comes out from the town; and Morag will have plenty of rugs; and I shouldn't wonder, when the landau goès by, If General Mallock were to hurry down to the front, to wave a glad congratulation to her. I can make oiit the whole picture; and I don't wonder that the servants, come running down to the corner of the pathway, to see her off, should be crying with delight; for Miss Eelin had a trick of making many friends, both gentle and simple; and when she first goes into Invernish, after her Illness, the word will be passed round, and many a one will come out to shake hands with her, and say something kind to her.. Oh, yes, she had the way of making friends--" "Gilchrist," said his companion, not without a certain anxiety, "do you know you nave wrought yourself into a terrible pitch of excitement; and unless you quiet down, something may nappen ' The last news is good news: what more could you wish for? J Now tell me how. it was you chanced to be out here so early, the morning she dashed herself into the river?" ' "Oh, well," said Archie Gilchrist-and the question did in a measure-recall him to his sen ses-though these were disturbed enough-' 'I generally came out here about daybreak; the place is so quiet; and I bring my books and papers with me; and get on a little blt with my work. And, indeed, I was so much engaged With these things/that when I saw her come down to the edge of the river, at that time of the morn ing, I thought it was merely some phantasm of the brain-a ghost-a white ghost-which I could get .rid of by shutting my eyes. But when she splashed into the stream, then I knew. It has always been her ambition to swim through the Devil's Kim up to the weir; and there weré. the women come shrieking down from the house; and I knew. Yes, I knew. And I knew what the end' must be; and I waited on the bank until the swing of the current carried her down, and . then I went in and got hold of her." . "Otherwise she would have been, drowned?" said his neighbor, with downcast eyes! " "Her strength was far spent," was the answer. And then the straightforward eyes looked up ' again.... "You love this girl quite to distraction," said Somerled Macdonald. "And she has promised to marry you. And you have just saved her life. Yet you seem to suggest that I should take her away from you, on account of a few words spoken in delirium. My friend, even if there were any such impossible possibility-I am not a coward hound." 