South Sea MUrder. -:0o VESSEL CAPTURED AND CREW KILLED.. The steamer Moresby, which arrived i1 Sydney on Saturday.from a- crnise in the South Seas,. h'rought news of the capture of a trading vessel, and the massacre of par tion of the crew. The Sea Ghost, a l16.ton cuteter, was recently cha:tered for the Is land trade. She was in charge of Captain Kolshorn, and the ocher,members of her crew consisted of half-a-dozen natives re creited in the Bismarck Archipelago. The cutter sailed under the German tricolour, and was commanded by.Captin Kolshorn. The Sea Ghost on leaving New Britain madeforthe German Solomons Islands. it was at one of these islands, called Daka, that the Sea Ghost made her first call, and she had hardly reached anchorage befoore there was an attack on the crew by the shore natives. The attaok was so sudden that thsarew could toffer, no resistance, and all but two, who escaped,. fell an easy prey to the hatchets and spears of the savages. The SeaGhost was coming to an anuhor for trading, and Captain, Kishorn wzs in the rigging on the lookout for reels. The natives,.as usual, pot-off from the shore in canoes, but in his anxiety to keep, the ves sel clear of the dangerons reefs the captain had not noticed that-they were swarming on board,the cutter. They appeared friendly, however, and wanted to trade with copra, wlich,is the staple product of the group. Captain Kolshorn was descending from the. rigging when the attack was made. Ib weas-a complete surprise for himi and, being snarmcd, he had no possible ohanco of do. londing himself. He fell mortally wounded on deck, the bodly, so the story goes, being horribly butchered. Four of the natiVes made a desperate fight, but, the odds were conesiderably against them,, and they were soon overcome. The other two natives were taken prisoners, hut they by some treans or other manage&co; escape. Mean. while, the vessel had beeon run ashore, and, having hoon looted of overything ol' value, she was subsequently destroyed. ihe cap. tain's body had been thrown overboard, and the remains of the four natives (crew) were taken to the village for a cannibalistic feast. 