HEADSMAN OF THE TOWER OF LONDON. 1 There are many cdricns things to be found in the Tower. Indeed, if you have a power ful imagination you oan find anything, from the ghosts of a dozen lords and ladies who lost their heads to please a monarch's . whim down to the jaok- knife of tbe late. Gu? Fawkes. In the Tower nothing is so expeoted as the | unexpected ; but it is safe to say thatnottea i people out or cne many tnousanos woo vuic *he orusty old pile, whioh rears its head a quarter of a mile below London Bridge, expect to find within its grey and mrsty walls suoh a relio of the past as an offioor who is known as the Headsman of the Lower. Yet the Tower boasts of a Heads man to-day just as it did hundreds of years ago. In fact, tbe Constable of tbe Tower would almost prefer to part with his right hand thau do away with bis Headsman, who is part and parcel of the traditions of tbe moat romantic building in England. But there are other reasons whioh lead not only the Constable bnt the -Queen as well to look with pride upon the Headsman. The present holder of the appointment is Stephen Sweeney, who is the oldest duty servant of the Queen. Yeoman Gaoler Sweeney^ to give him his full title, is in his eightieth year. There ia no probably no finer-looking man wearing the Queen's uniform, ?or despite Lib seventy nine years he stands exactly six feet in his stockings, and ts as erect as oan be. An Irishman to +he back bone, he took tbe King's shilling on the 14th of February, 1837, so that for aixty-one. yews he has been in the employment of the Grown; . He was present atthe proclamation of^Queaa- Victoria aridjaiso.jat bOTOoroa&tion;, 1 badanopportonity thfe otherday^SvHtes ' a representative) of having a little chat with the Headsman. He had just been taking part in the ceremony oonnected with the installation of the new Constable of tbe Tower, and, dressed in his gorgeous uniform, whioh cost the Government no less rtmn fifty- two pounds, was manipulating his monster axe of ofltae, whioh it is his duty to oarry on all important occasions. 'You take us baek to old times, Mr Sweeney/ I ventured to remark. * Well, if my office is old I am old myself/ said the Headsman, -^and eo is the h^asa in whioh I live. This is the house from whisk Lady Jane Grey is supposed to have been taken to be beheaded. I have no prisoners under my charge now, but formerly they were all plaoed in the care of the Yeoman Gaoler, who need to take them from this building along the underground passages to the lodgings of tbe Lieutenant whenever the latter wanted to question them. The pas sages have ft 11 been .filled yip, bnt if you -were ! to dig down below you would aeon run aoross - thf®/ - Isi..;,- v- -J k ^Gvetythlnff ls don® to mfiei the Headsman J kiomfortable in^ ; old^age. 'Indeed, when I ever be feels in a doleful modd be' has only to look oat, of his. dining-room window to be instantly cheered, fpr straight in frost of him is the p!aqerof execution, carefully pre served from the tread of plebeianicet by lroa chains. ' Wtatdoyou dewith ftat fearfallook -IT* I- T aaVaSt ' Thie axe/ aaid Mr Sweeney, gariug upon 1 his Weapon with an affectionate eye, * is called the processional axe. It is about 600 yean old, and it acoompaniee me whenever I am-'on special duty. In olden times, you know, tafauen were conveyed from bare tn tfefl cujto^y^'or tho ' ¥i»oman 'G.toler, to Whitehall by watei tobecross- exemlned. On the return journey the Yeoman Gaoler, who always oarried bis. axe with him, sat with the edige of tbe axe turned towards a con demn edprisoner so that the people assembled on the banks might know that his oaptivo had been sentenced to death. ' My duties now consist in keeping an eye on the warden and swearing in the new ones at St James's PaUoa/ Yeoman Gaoler Sweeney has revelled in danger all his life. - Xf ha oan't get it abroad be looks foi it -at home. When the dyna mitards were paying their kind rogards to London, he was on the stairoase of the White Tower when a bomb exploded. The Heads man, as in everything else he has done, managed to csoape severe injuries, but * window was blown in upon 1dm, and be was nearly buried by the debris. ' Mr Sweeney, who Is the possessor of three medals and four clasps, will long be remembered as one ot ine bravest soldiers that ever fongkt in India. He had two bones shot under him in the Mutiny. On a certain occasion, when engaged with his iogiasent*-the Uth Littht Dragoons— his captain got a sword-cut, whioh almost severed hts head from his body. In an instant Sweeney waa off his horse, and, after 'banding it over to a comrade, -hoisted the. dying officer on to his back, and amidst a shower of bullets conveyed him to a place of .safety. - \- Beoolleotion of this heroic deed led me to ask Mr Sweeney to throw son* tight on that muuh.disoussed-p^blem^v^t1t't6^viike - to be engaged in' ^aughter onthe flsld of battle. ' ?'« ;? V 4 Toe sensations of a soldier in the thlok of A flfrhfc' Mr Sbtmuhv nnHtul. 1 n&nnnfc; hA described. Every soldier wants to get at the enemy— every British soldier at all events —and I never knew a man to feol uorvcus or to think of aoything but the engagement. Certainly yon don't forget one thing, and that is that the more you kill the fower there'll bu in the way. For this reason you always take care that your woapons are ready. I never heard suoh oheers as went up when we reoeived orders to attaok tho enemy/ ' Have you ever heard of a nervous man wishing to tnrn tail ?' ' Never. Tbe British soldier's motto is ' Onward/ and no man has ever tamed tail to my knowledge. You must reuetnber that thoreV more danger behind than at the front/ added the Headsman with a grim Btnile. 1 If a British soldier ran away like a ooward, he would be shot— or rather he would mysteriously disappear. No, I joined the army when William Iv. was king, at a time «vhen there were no railways, and when it took us three monthB and fifteen days to get from Gravesend to Bombay, and I've never known a Tommy to tremble at the Sight of the enemy.' 