DEPUTATIONS. At 4.30 the conference suspended its work to receive a deputation from the Primitive Methodist Church and the Local Option League The Rev. J. W. Holden (Primitive) said that they were there with the voices of their Church behind them to express their good wishes. Their Church (the Primitive Methodist) was not an offshoot, as same other branches were. They had no wounds to heal. This Church was 88 years of age, and during that time it had grown rapidly. He brought the congratulations of their Church. He felt very much at home. When he remembered on how many points they were one he could not do otherwise than feel at h Dine. The great aim of their ministry was to bring men to Christ. The Rev. W. Atkinson said his words must be few. He congratulated the president personally. The president's election had given pleasure to the larger Church to which they all belonged. The making of the Methodist of the future depended upon the loyalty they displayed, They claimed to be sound in doctrine. In Wesleyan Methodism the realisation of spiritual powers had not bcen.negloctocl. They still believed in the doctrine of the Holy Ghost. The Church of the future must be the Church in which the Holy Ghost was felt. Mr. Bartlett (Methodist New Connexion) said he was glad to convey to them their best wishes for their prosperity. The Rev. V. Binns (representing the Local Option League) was i next called upon to speak. He said he would like to speak in a dual position, as he was also chairman of the Congregational Union. He felt it a privilege to speak of the great work done by the Methodist Church. He was in full sympathy with temperance work. The principle of the league was a righteous one. Hoboliovcd in trusting the people. He asked for their willing co-operation and their prayers. The temperance cause was the mother of all other reforms, If the provisions of the Sunday Closing Act were more faithfully enforced many who now frequented public-houses would be found elsewhere. The president called upon the Rev. W. G. Taylor and Mr. A E. McLean, M.L.A., to reply. Among other things Mr. Taylor said rio almost failed to see why the Local Option League had sent a deputation, as their ministers were all local optionists. Air. M'Loan also robbed, when the conference adjourned till 10 o'clock to-day. 