SOLDIERS OF THE PEN. NOTES OF A TRIP TO EUROPE. -NO. XXX. Leaving tho esplanade we made our way to the business streets of Ostend, which, however, cannot be compared to the broad well-paved and finely built-on promenade we had just left. Ostend is certainly gay, and something about its buildings, which are decorated with brig lit colors, greatly helps to produce this effect. However cav and brieht it may be, I never imagined that anything received from tho heavens was of the same character; but whilst looking in the window of a jewellers shop, I heard a small English youth say to his mother, ' Oh, look at the pretty hailstones.' I could not help smiling at the remark, but when I glanced to where he wa3 pointing I was astonished at the sight, for there in the gutter and in every crevice of the footway were drifts of what looked like colored hailstones. In reality thev were nothing more than small round colored pieces of paper, and they wero to be seen all over the street. What they were I never actually found gut, but I have no doubt the explanation was provided by a festival that had been held, and of which I saw the XJrocession. . The first shop we entered was a chemist s. We went there to buy some soap, which my friends neglected to bring with them. I made my purchase in London, knowing that such an article was not provided at the Continental hotels. In Europe nobody thinks of using soap that has been touched by anybody else, and they cannot imagine how English people, who pride themselves on their cleanliness, can do such a thing. Writing about cleanliness reminds me that in England very few house? know what a showerbath is, and in an hotel it costs something extra to have a bath although water is so plentiful, while in Australia you can get as many b.-.ths as you please without any charge being made. If you say anything to English people about their not being fond of a bath they turn upon you and remark that Australians must bo dirty people to want a shower each morning. When we had bought the soap we went to a money-changer's and converted some sove reigns into the French currency. From here we wandered about the town and then re turned to the hotel and sat outside watching the merry throng of people as they tripped to and fro until the dinner-gong reminded U3 we were hungry. DstPiiri if» situated in the Beleian province of West Flanders. The town dates from 1072, and is memorable for the long siege it under went at the hands of the Spaniards from July 7, 1001, to September 20, 1604. It was subjected to two simiiar experiences later on, when it had to give way to the Allies in 1700 and to the French in 1745. A matter of im portance was considered herein 1854. The fact is doubly interesting ju3t now as America and Spain are at war. In the year mentioned the 'Ostend Manifesto,' as it is called, was for warded to the United States Government by its Ministers at the courts of Great Britain, France, and Spain, who had met here to dis cuss the Cuban question. The manifesto de clared that if Spain would not sell Cuba self preservation required the United States to take the island by force and preventit from being Africauised liks llayti. Nothing, however, came of the manifesto. We went to the dining-room and took our seats among a room full of foreigners. We tried our hand at the little French we knew, {and all miserably failed. In fairness to my friend John I must say that he did occasionally make the waiter under stand when he asked for something in French ; but on the waiter replying in the same lan guage he was completely up a tree. Coming to the conclusion that our knowledge of French was not passable, we tried our own tongue, which the waiter understood much better than he did his own language as wo spoke it. The chief item on tho menu that 1 recollect dis tinctly, and I even sometimes fancy I can still taste it, was the lettuce salad. To my mind it was awful, but this was not the opinion of my friends. The lettuce leaves were pretty nearly floating in oil. The amell was very much like that of the oil I use on my bicycle. In the evening we paid a visit to the Kursaal, which is situated in the centre of the esplanade. It is stated that Ostend's growing popularity is mainly due to the Kursaal. It is the magnet which draws people in the same way as the gaming halls attract at Monte Carlo. The Kursaal. The main hallof the Kursaal isalargeone. We sat at a small table, and while having refresh ment heard a band playing or someone singing. In a large room off this is the public gamine-hall, in which each thinks he is going to win the money of everybody else. The method of gambling, as far as I could make out, was alter this fashion. There is a large board with so many blue hole*, so many red, and so many black, and the players stand at either end. At a given signal the players, both men and women, let the balls roll, but prior to this they place what ever they like on blue, red, and black stars. If the ball go into the hole which corresponds with the color on which money has been put, the player wins, but in the other event he or she loses. This and other forms of gambling are carried on until all hours in the morning. In another part of the building is a club, of which it is not very difficult to become a member. Although I never went inside it will not be out of place to publish the following descrip tion : — By the time you have lost yjur money in the public rooms you learn that trenteet quarante and roulette, which are infinitely fairer games for the punter, are played in the club, and that you may become a member by paying the trifling subscription of 20f. and undergoing the formality of election— an operation which takes about two days. The entrance is through the public rooms of the Kursaal. its chief guardians being a gentle man in knee-breeches, who stands ahout 5 ft. nothing, and an assistant in red- braided vest, who runs to over G ft. The Cerberus-in-Chief wears a chain and badge of office, and looks like a provincial mayor. He knows his duties well, and you can tell by the inclination of his backbone as he bows to the members the relative worth of each to the establishment. Inside the club there is no attempt to give tho place anything but the appearance of a gambling resort. When the room is empty, say, at 8 p.m., the long baize-covered tables bear an undeniably business as]-ecl:, quite in contrast with the rich hangings and luxurious furniture with which they are surrounded. But this aspect is altogether changed when, somewhat after 10 o'clock, the habitues of the club crowd round the tables, under the mellow light of criarson-shaded hanging lamps, placing counters or 'chips,' white, red, amber, and green, upon the ohances that a spinning ball will alight upon rouge or noir, on pair or impair. The scene then is brilliant and fascinating. Quite half the devotees of fickleJFortune are women, and the woman gambler is no dowdy ; she dresses her best—every group is a symphony of color ablaze -with diamonds. We had no wish to become members of thiB club. If we had it would have been im possible, as we intended leaving next day. The following day we spent in driving about and watching the people. In the evening we left for Brussels. DISPATCH BAG. Wolseley, June 0. Dear General— I read ' Soldiers of the L'en' with much interest and should like to enlist,. Enclosed you will lind a penny stamp tot membership card. Here are two little stones I once read. A man was taken ill and the doctor was at once sent for. The doctor gave him a plaster to put on his chest Soon after this the doctor came again to see his patient He asked bis wife where she had stuck the plaster. After thinking for a few minutes sho replied, ' As he did not have a chest I stuck it on a box.' A silly fellow was once asked by a friend logo to a concert with him. He consented. They had not proceeded very far on their way when the silly fellow asked his friend how much the seats were. ' The front seats are one shilling, the back seats Bispence, and the pro grammes one penny,' was the reply. 'Oh, then, that's all right,' said Noodle, 'I will sit on a pro gramme.'— 1 remain, jours truly, Albert Reschke. ' Strathblane,' Yongala, May 24. Dear General— I have (.alien the following from the Australian Journal:— A clever French comedian when a young and struggling actor in Paris hit on an ingenious plan, to save himself tho walk from the theatre after rehearsal to his lodgings, which were near a cemetery. He dressed in black, and if he espied a funeral procession with a vacant seat in any of. ibe coaches he promptly pulled out a handkerchief and hid his face in it while hailing the vehicle. Under the impression that he was one of the mourners arrived late he was of course immediately installed in the vacant seat. This went on for some time till one unlucky day tbe actor attempted to talk to his com panion. ' Poor thing, I weep lor her,' he said from the folds of the handkerchief. ' He is dead, not she,' replied his opposite neighbor. 'I know, I know; but so young.' 'Our friend was 80 last birthday,' objected another. 'I alluded to his children, monsieur,' said line unhappy actor. ' But he had none,' cried the mourners in a chorus. And the actor was thankful that the coach halted at that moment at the cemetery, thus enabling him to escape.— 1 remain, yours, &c;, Ella Bkrryman. Scllick's Hill, June 1. Dear General— I would like to be enrolled in your ever-increasing army of 'Soldiers of the Pen.' I enclose stamp for membership card. The following paragraphs are taken from the J'ictorial World . — 'Not Man and Wife.'— ' There are some queer couples in this world,' remarked a real estate agent. ?' The otherday a young man and woman called to see about renting a house. The woman did all the talk ing and turned to ,the man for confirmation or cor roboration. He always agreed with her, and did it very meekly. ' Well!' says the woman, finally, ' 1 will give you ten shillings for the house, woa't we, John?1 'Yes'm,' replied the man. 'And I'll pay you promptly, too, won't 1 John V' ' Yes'm.' ' And I'll take good care of the house, won't we John /' 'But,' I enquired, as is usual in such cases, 'are you man and wife?' ' Man and wife,' exclaimed the woman -sharply, ' indeed we are not, are we John V' 'No'm.' 'What?' says I, 'not man and wife?' 'Not much,' she answered. 'I'll have you know that in this family we are wife and man, are we not, John '/' 'Ves'm.' Toughish Paste. — An old body nurs ing my wife in Blackburn on one occa sion had a pitman for her 6on-in-law, and her daughter, the pitman's wife, did the cooking-, but not very satisfactorily I fear. The pitman called at my house one day saying-, ' I would th' owd woman might return home as early as possible, for th' wife made me a meat pie for my dinner yesterday, and when getting- into the cage to go down th1 pit th' pic fell to the bottom, about 120 yards, and if you'll believe me th' pie worn't brokkin.'— 1 am, &c;, Kkllii; Li-.akkii. Sellick's Hill P.O., S. A. A WINDY NKUIT. Listen to the wind ! What does it seem to say In a voice so mighty and deep ; If you hear it bui once you will hear it ahvay. Hear that sad wail ! 'Twas a poor earth-bound ghost Who in despair put an end To its life, seeking to find the joys that were lost. 'It was a wind crust' You say, ' Only the wind.' Did you hear the voice of pain Say ' I am seeking for aye my lost love to find.' Thus said the wind then, But, hark to that; it said, ' Out on the ocean is tossing A brave ship, bearing' brave hearts, but, alas they're all dead.' So said the wild wind, And rushed on its way, Twisting the pines in pastsins ; For the wind loves the trees in its own wild, wild way. High up the mountain, Look at that white cloud's Might. look again. An, h is gone, Far, far away into the dark terrible night. It was the wild wind Tore that fair cloud away. Havk ! here it comes lightly and soft. In a sweet gentle murmur like children at play. That is the mad wind, Moaning aloud in pain ; I hear it at night all alone, Calling and calling, 'Come, let me not wait in vain,' Hearken to it now, Did you not hear it say, ' Put an end to all your trouble, One bold step and theu to leave this 6ad world for aye V' Isabel Morton, Quorn. Dear General— I have gathered some more para graphs, which 1 send for your approval. The follow ing is a Turkish fable :— Forgiveness. — Every man has two angels— one on his right shoulder and one on his left. When he does anything tiood, the angel on his right shoulder writes it down and seals it, because what is done well is done for ever. When he docs evil, the angel upon his left shoulder marks it down, but does not seal it. He waits till midnight; il before that time the wearer bows down his head and exclaims, 'Gracious Allah, 1 have sinned, forgive me,' the angel rubs that out ; but if not, at midnight he seals it, and the angel on the right shoulder weeps. Dreams — By Itobert Wilson, F.U.P.S., in 'Science for All,' Irom Sutse.e Chnmicle :— Dr. James Gregory, when he went to bed one night with a warm water bottle at bis feet, actually felt in his dream the hot crater of Mount Etna burning beneath his tread. Dr. Reid, the Scottish metaphysician, when he had a blister on his head, positively endured all tlie physical torture oE being scalped whilst dreaming that he had fallen into the hands of a party of Red Indians. Perhaps the most striking example of dream realism on record Is the following, related by Dr. Abercombie, of an officer whose susceptibility of having his dreams thus conjured before him was so remarkable that his friends could produce any kind of dream they pleased by softly whispering in his ear, especially if this were done by one with whose voice he was familiar. His companions were in the, con stant habit oi amusing themselves at his expense. On one occasion they conducted him through the whole progress oi a quarrel, which ended in a duel ; and when tbe parties were supposed to meet, a pistol was put into his hands, .which he fired off in his sleep, and was awakened by the report. Some years ago a judge in England, noted as a temperance advocate, was trying a case about a right-of-way. Amongst the witnesses were two brothers named Elm, very old residents. Itobtrt Elm, aged 85, a remarkably well preserved old man, was questioned by the judge. 'Are you a total abstainer V' ' I am, my lord, I never tasted liquor in my life.' 'Well,' said the judge, 'you are a splendid specimen of sobriety.' His brother, John l£hn, being call«d, tho judge asked his age. 'Eighty -seven, my lord.1 'Why': you look icn years younger than your brother. I need not ask if you are a temperate man ; your appearance proves it.' 'I am not quite su i e as to that, my lord. My wife told me the other day, my lord, that I haven't gone to bed sober these last twenty years.' ' Well ! well!' said the jiid;;e abstractedly, 'elm is a good wood, wet or dry.'— Yours truly, MavGascoioxe Lewis. Peachey Belt, via Salisbury, June 10. Dear General — I received my membership card safely, and am very pleased with it. The following are some paragraphs for the competition that I copied from various papers :— ' What's That to You,'— Some years ago boats trading in the Medway rejoiced in rather curious names, Ibe following beine; one of the many laughable occurrences caused thereby: — A boat named What's That to You, passing a dockyard at night-time, was hailed as usual by the coastguardsman. ' Boat ahoy I Your captain's name V' 'Captain Pristman.' 'What are you laden with!' 'Coalu.' 'Where bound im-ir' 'Chatham.' 'Ship's name?' ?? What's That to You.' ' 1 ask vou the name of the ship ?' ' What's Tliat to You.' 'You ahall be reported for your insolence.' And after repeating the enquiry and receiving the same reply the boat was commanded to remain where the was. As soon as the morning light appeared two boats were seen keeping guard. The crews boarding the vessel to sieze, with full authority, the offenders, seeing the name painted in larce letters pulled moodily away amid the laughter and jeers of tbe crew of What's That;to You. Some Novel Prizes. —.Following the example of some weekly journals that have made a success £out of the gift-enterprise system, the editor of the Hollyhock Hollow Bugle has decided to offer prizes for the best epic poem on 'Hard Times.' Compe titors are required to use brown wrapping-paper, and write on both sides, without numbering the sheets or punctuating their MSS. The poems must exceed Milton's ' Paradise Lost' in length, and the author is requested to sign his grandfather's name on his mother's side, not necessarily for publication, but as a guarantee that the author knows who his ancestors were. First prize— A paint-brush, in good condition, used by Queen Elizabeth to blacken her teeth. Second prize— An umbrella bor rowed from George Washington by Lafayette and returned. Third prize— An embalmed dog that died at a tender age in Philadelphia unbeknown to the sausage-makers. Fourth prize— A trunk which passed over a New Jersey railroad without being smashed. Fifth prize— A quart of vermicelli soup cooked to order for Napoleon just before the battle of Waterloo, but which he didn't have time to eat. N.R— The prizes have been selected from the Bugle Museum, and are among tbe most^costly specimens in the collections. An Ironclad's Measurement— A journal gives the following statement of the measurement of an ironclad's plate :— A 2-ft rule was given to a Sunderland dockman to measure the plate. The ' humper1' not being well up to the use of the rule, after spending a considerable time, returned. ' Noo, Mick,' asked the plater, 'what size is the plate V' 'Well,' replied Mick, with a grin of satisfaction, ' it's the length of your rule and two thumbs over, with this piece of brick, and this trifle of pantile, the breadth o1 my hand, and my arm from here to there bar a finger.' One of the smallest books in the world is a volume printed in Holland in 1G74. It contains 49 pages, and the title page beai'3 the inscription — Bloem H of je door, C. von Lj Gedruckt by B. Schmidt ('The Court of Flowers,' by C. van L.; printed by B. Schmidt). Tho volume is superbly bound in calf, tooled, and ornamented on the back and sides, and is closed by a clasp of goH filagree, solid, but of exquisitely delicate workman ship. It opens so as to display the text to advantage, and is in every way as highly finished as a book of ordinary size. The size of this book is such that it would require four such to cover a penny stamp. The most curious specimens of vegetable or plant life in existence are the so-called ' living stones ' of the Falkland Islands. These islands are among the most cheerless spots in the world, being constantly subjected to a strong polar wind. In such a climate it is impossible for trees to grow erect as they do in other countries, but nature has made amends by furnishing a supply of wood in the most curious shape imaginable. The visitor to the Falklands sees scattered here and there singular shaped blocks of what appear to be weather-beaten, moss covered boulders in various sizes. Attempt to turn one of these 'boulders ' over and you will meet with a surprise, because the stone is actually anchored by roots of great strength ; in fact, you will find that you are fooling with one of the native trees. No other country in the world has Buch a peculiar 'forest' growth, and it is said to be next to impossible to work the oddly shaped blocks into fuel, because they are perfectly de void of grain, and appear to be nothing but a twisted mass of wootly fibres. A Paris clockmaker has completed an ingenious timepiece, in the making of which he spent 25 years. Four dials mark London, Paris, Geneva, and Rome time. It chimes and plays nine airs, while 42 figures of men working at their trades arc set in motion. Shoemaker, sweep, butcher, sawyer, joiner, organ grinder, and Mute-player lead off ; and others, from the baker who bakes to the concierge who rings the bell, follow ; four dancers dance a measure^ and soldiers file past the French Hair, keeping time to the tick-tack ot the pendulum. I will now say good-night, as it is getting late. — I remain, your obedient soldier, Harrold E. Tavlor, Unley, June 11. Dear General— The following is an extract from a London paper : — Curiosities. — The English language is one of the strangest of spoken tongues. The shades of difference between words which at a first glance would appear to be synonymous are very remarkable, and to a foreigner must seem wholly incomprehen sible. The following is an apt illustration of this remark, and is at the same time a very ingenious collection of words :— A Frenchman, while looking at a number of vessels, exclaimed, 'See what a flock of ships '.' He was told that a flock of ships was called a fleet, but that a fleet of sheep was called a flock. To assist him in mastering the intricacies of the English language he was told that a flock of girls was called a bevy, that a bevy of wolves is called a pack, but that a pack of cards is never called a bevy, though a pack of thieves is called a gang, and a gang of angels is called a host, while a host of porpoises is called a shoal. He was told that a host of oxen is termed a herd, and a herd of children is called a troop, and a troop of partridges is termed a covey, and a covey of beauties is called a galaxy, and a galaxy of rutlians is called a horde, and a horde of rubbish is called a heap, and a heap of bullocks is called a drove, and a drove of blackguards is called a mob, and a mob of whales ig called a echool, and a school of worship is called a congregation, aad a con gregation of engineers is called a corps, and a corps of robbers is called a band, and a band ot locusts ib called a crowd, and .a crowd of gentlefolk is called the elite. The last word being French, the scholar understood it and asked no more.— I remain, yours half asleep, Elisf. More. Iain, dear soldiers, Yours faithfully. THE GENERAL. MUSTER ROLL 384\. Albert Reschke, Wolseley. 