The Convention Took place on Monday, August 8th, in the Centenary Hall. There was a very good attendance at the afternoon session, so good that the largest expectations were formed in re gard to the evening meeting, which, unfortunately, were not sustained by the attendance. The Rev. H. T. Bur gess (President of the Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Conference) pre sided. There were also among those present. the Revs. E.. J. Rodd, 6. James, M. Reavley, W. W. Rutledge, J. E. Carruthers, Dr. Sellors, E. W. Bris combe, E. Crozier, W. Clarke, W. H. Rogers, G. Lane, B. Danks, W. G. Taylor, R. Bavin, J. Green, W. H. Beale. J. K. Turner, G. T. Baker, W. Hill, F. Duesbury, J. Penman, J. W. Leadley, H. Wiles, R. Allen, J. A. Nolan, W. Atkinson, H. Worrall, J. Phillips, W. F. Oakes, P. Clipsham, P. J. Stephen, E. Price, W. J. Davis, J. A. Waddell, R. East, R. Bunn, Messrs. J. S. Larke, J. Blanksby. M.L.C., W. Rob son, F. J. Halliday, W. II. McKeown, G. F. Crozier (Vice President of the Primitive Methodist Conference), T. P. Keeve, C. Stratford, and Captain Miller. The Chairman said that he was exceedingly glad to be present at such a gathering. Anything aiming at Union was close to his heart. Unity was better than union, and without it union was impossible. They had met to hear certain brethren who had given their minds to certain subjects that had been admirably arranged and were adapted to develop their faith, quicken their love, and melt them into brotherliness. The subjects to be discussed gave chem a wide outlook: The Methodism of the Past took them back over the centuries ; the Methodism of the Present was world wide ; while the Methodism of the Future certainly appealed to their imagination. The Rev. Dr. Sellors then read the following paper on ' Methodism Viewed from the Historical Standpoint.' The history of Methodism is the history of the; most remarkable movement in con nection with modern Christianity. It has its origin in the Church of England, or rather its chief agents were clergymen, and in its development it has conferred great benefit on that Church and likewise upon the Nonconformist Churches. Wesley, at the time of his conversion, of which important fact he had no doubt— a con version which took place some years after his ordination, and not until his return from mission work in -Georgia, got a firm grasp of the cardinal doctrines of Christianity. He then went through the land, and with a clearness and a force, 'much too rare in those days, preached the Gospel to all who would listen to him. From the men who had been most in- different to religion and regardless of all the claims of God, he won his greatest triumphs, whilst the changed lives of such men gave the most satisfactory proof that the work was of God. That he was misunderstood Early by many of his own day is Trials. not to be wondered at, but that he and his followers should have been persecuted, sometimes at the instigation of the clergy of the Church of England, is matter for regret, and by none has such regret been more sincerely expressed than by the clergy of modern times. Wesley is misunderstood by not a few at the present day, and yet such persons tell us that whilst we retain his name and do honour to his memory, we have abandoned his principles. They are blind to the real nature of the work he did, and also to that which his followers are now carrying on. In my judgment, dis cussions with such men would be a flagrant waste of time. If we look at the present state of things ' throughout the Methodist Church — the number of agents employed, the number of churches and schools that have been built, the multitudes that come under its teaching, and acknowledge that they have derived benefit from that teaching, we are led to ask 1 What haB all this sprung from, and how long is the period covered by its operations, and what are the great epochs in its history ?' We unhesitatingly affirm that it is of Gi d, and that throughout the latter half of the eighteenth century and right through the present, Methodism has been a force which has left its impress upon the lands and peoples it has reached. Religious Tbe hand of God is t0 be Condition of ™ ^e rise of England. Methodism. The great re vival of religion which England experienced in the last century, took place at a time when it seemed as though nothing short of such a revival could save the nation. The low state of morals and the almost total neglect of practical religion, were deplored by the few who were faithful in that faithless age. The example of the court, and of the nobility and aris tocracy of the previous century, had its influence on the national life at the time Wesley was raised up by God. If we wish to know what was the state of religion in those days, we have only to consult the writings ot men like Archbishop Seeker, Bishops Burnet, Gibson, and Butler, and others who belonged to the Nonconformist Churches. Butler, in the advertisement to the Analogy, says: 'It is come, I know not how, to be taken for granted by many persons, that Christianity is not so much as a subject for inquiry, but that it is, now at length, discovered to be fictitious. And now they treat it, as if, in the present age, this were an agreed point among all people of discernment ; and nothing remained but to set it up as a principal subject of mirth and ridicule, as it were, by way of reprisals, for its having so long interfered with the pleasures of the world.' The low state of morals, the ignorance of the people, the stagnation of the Churches, and the avowed scepticism of some of the leaders of Society, are all indications of a state of things that it is distressing to contemplate. When God has a great work Providential to do for a nation He always E ve nts. takes care to employ suitable agents, and to give to such agents a training that will best fit them for their work. Methodism, as a religious movement, had a very humble origin, and it seemed, when looked at in the light of the difficulties which confronted it, to be destined to fail. In childhood, the one who afterwards became most prominent in the work, and whose ministry extended over more than half a century, narrowly escaped being burnt to death. It was thought that all had left the burning parsonage at Epworth, but when tbe father came to count the children it was found that one was missing. One attempt to enter the house failed in consequence of the fierceness of the flames, The child was seen standing at a bedroom window, and whilst one man proposed to fetch a ladder, another, who saw that not a moment must be lost, stood against the wall, and a , lighter man mounted on hiB shoulders and so rescued the boy, who became the apostle of England and the most successful evangelist since the days of the Apostles. I am not sure that history has preserved the names of those men, who could never have imagined the value of the life they thus saved. All honour to the memory of those who, by saving John Wesley, have benefited the world. The men who have rendered the most important and enduring services to man kind have, as a rule, owed much to the influence of their mothers, and John and Charles Wesley are no exceptions. To the training which Susannah Wesley gave her children the world is indebted: She was certainly one of the best women and one of the wisest mothers the English nation has produced. The conversion of Wesley is stated by himself in the following words : May l4Db, 1730\. ' In the evening I went very un willingly to a society in Aldersgate-st., where one was reading Luther's preface to the EpiBtle to the Bomans At a quarter to nine, while he was describing the change which God works in the heart through faith in Christ, I felt my heart strangely warmed. I felt I did trust in Christ, Christ alone, for salvation, and an assurance was given me that he had taken away my sins, even mine, and saved me from the law of sin and death.' The con version of Wesley is the keynote to all that he did in the after part of his life. The work had to be done, and here was the man to whom God entrusted it. Gifted with a large amount of common sense, with stores of knowledge, for he is acknowledged to have been one of the scholars of his day, having wonderful powers of organization, great physical endurance and unwavering faith in the willingness of Christ to save all who will come to Him, and in the office and work of the Holy Spirit, and a passionate love for souls. Such was the man whom God selected to be the chief agent in the rise and development of Methodism. The fruits of Wesley's work are thus summed up in the inscription on the tablet in City Koad Chapel : ' He was sixty-four years in the ministry and fifty two an itinerant preacher. He lived to see, in these kingdoms only, about three hundred itinerant and one thousand local preachers raised up from the midst of his own people, and eighty thousand persons in the societies under his care. Develop* wor^ ^us commenced ment of and 80 successfuhy carried Methodism. on during the life of Wesley, did not cease with his death as some predicted it would. A few years ago the centenary of Wesley's death was celebrated. At the meetings which were held were representatives of the Established and Nonconformist Churches, together with those of all the branches of the Methodist Church. Dr. Clifford, who visited Australia last year, and whose stay was much too short, said in the course of an address on ' Wesley : the Prophet of the Eighteenth Century,' — 'We Congregationalists and Baptists of England and the world are sharers in the great Evangelical Bevival, have received incomputable blessings from Wesley's ministry, and owe much of our present light and fire to the message he delivered with such convincing clearness and saintly devotion.' Dean Farrar, at that time Arohdeacon of Westminster, said, 'Consider the fact that he gave an impulse to all missionary exertion — the British and Foreign Bible Society, the Beligious Tract Society, the London Missionary Society, even the Church Missionary Societv owes much to his initiative. The work of Educa tion and the work of Bagged Schoo's— the work of Robert Baikes, the Gloucester printer, and John Pounds, the Portsmouth cobbler — were partly anticipated when the saintly Silas Told taught at the Foundry.' I could, if time permitted, give the testimony of others who on that ocoasion expressed their prolound admiration of the man and of the work he accomplished. It was not the past that they praised, but a work, which, having its rise in the past, and having been very largely under the guidance of Wesley for more than half a century, has come down to us, and of its existence, yes, and of its vigour, we have evidence through out the world to-day. '* Sec how great a flame aspires, Kindled by a spark of grace : .Tesu's love the nations fires, Sets the kingdoms on a blaze ; lo bring fire on earth He came, Kindled in some hearts it is, 0 that all might catch the flame. All partake the glorious bliss ; More and more it spreads and grows, Ever mighty to prevail, Sin's strongholds it now o'erthrows, Shakes the trembling gates of hell.' The history of Methodism is the history of the working of a great spiritual force which supplies, wherever it comes, the most satis factory proofs of its origin in the change wrought in those, who, being brought into contaot with it, are led to yield themselves to Christ for salvation and then to follow His example. Companions In this short PaPer ifc ia im in possible to do justice to Labour. Whitefield, and Fletcher, and others who cj operated with Wesley ; but it would be a serious mistake to omit mention of the name and work of the poet of Methodism, Charles Wesley, who is acknowledged to be the first of hymn writers whom God has given to the Christian Church. The spread of the doctrines of Methodism has been greatly aided by the hymns of Charles Wesley, just as, some centuries before, the doctrines of the Reformation were spread throughout Germany and other lands by the hymns of Martin Luther. All the Churches have been glad to enrich their hymnology by selections from our collections of hymns, and we have returned the compliment by making choice of some of their list. In the Churches of the Establishment, from many of whose pulpits the two brothers were excluded, and from whose sacramental services numbers of those who were led to Christ through Methodist agencies were driven, there may be heard to-day, ascend ing to heaven, the hearty praises of devout congregations in the words of . Charles Wesley. All the deepest and holiest as pirations of the soul seem to have been known to him, and to these he has given expression in soags which will live as long as the English language lives. On the departures from ch what may be termed the anges. parent Methodist Church this is not the occasion on which to dwell, and I shall not say one word in attempting either to justify or condemn such departures. There iB abundant evi dence that the blessing of God has rested upon the different branobes of Method* ism, and over this we all alike rejoice. Itis matter for devout thanksgiving that from none of her pulpits does there come an uncertain sound. The gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ, the gospel which our fathers preached with such glorious results, is the gospel which we all preach to-day, and we are here to rejoice together and to encourage each other in the work of our common Master. What changes may take place in the future near and remote, it is not for me to say. We are living in stirring times and there is a frequent interchange of thought. We see changes brought about suddenly, the import of which no one can predict. It is well that we should remember that there is a hand which we cannot see but which holds in check all forces, and that it never fails to aid such as in their operation Are beneficial to mankind. Very recently two of the great , men of the century have PHIars8 passed away, Gladstone and Bismarck. The opinion of the world respecting both has been given, nor can we think that such opinion will be reversed or even materially modified by posterity. They will be better understood j in the future than they are to-day, and the value of the work each did more accurately appraised. The victories of the one were bloodless yet were none the less real and none the less fruitful in lasting benefits. Gladstone waB not a warrior, neither did be advocate a policy of war. Of oppression, ? persecution, and tyranny he was the sworn enemy. Bismarck has been termed the ' man of blood and iron,' and his victories were won at the cost of many lives. In the the laBt decade of the eighteenth ceatury 'Wesley died. The men of to-day are not reversing the opinion of the man and his work 'expressed by those who knew him personally and best understood that work. The foremost' writers of the age agree in paying the highest tribute to 'Wesley and the men who desire to place before the present and the future the history of England during the laBt century, find that they can not pass over the work Wesley did, and the influence of that work upon tbe community. At the time the French nation was in the throes of a great Revolution, and the streets of Paris were covered with the blood of the slain, and the people were being ted on to disavow their faith in God and to enthrone Reason, the masses of the English nation, very largely influenced by tbe teaching ol the Methodists, were fearing God and respecting the Government under which they lived, and that at a time when very few of them possessed the franchise. To day, whilst not neglect Sons ing the poor, to whom she Methodism. peaches the Gospel and seeks to improve their social position, she has within her ranks some who occupy the foremost positions in the world The able and humane President of the United States was once a teacher in our Sunday Schools, and is still a worshipper and communicant in one of our 'churches. A son of one of our ministers was the Seore tary of State for India in the last Gladstone Government. Her scholars were on the Committees, both of England and Americ, appointed to revise the Old and New Testa ment Scriptures. In the realm of Science, and in the field of Literature she holds no unworthy position. , ' On Wednesday next, £ . e 0 sm years will have passed sin- Australia. the arrival of the firAst leyan Minister in Austral —the Rev. Samuel Leigh. The Sydn - Gazette of Ootober 21st, 1815, gives t! population of New South Wales at th time as 12,911, and at a muster made Tasmania on the 30th of the Bame mont they counted 1953. Leigh was told that was doubtful whether the Governor (Me ?quarie) would allow him to remain the Colony in the capacity of a W- leyan Minister. The Governor express his regret that he could not give h any encouragement as a Wesley minister. Leigh said, The documei which I have now the honour of presenti to your Excellency will show you that 1 1 legally and duly authorised to preach Gospel in any part of His Maiesl dominions.' In 1846, just 31 years a: ?the arrival of Leigh, the Primil Methodists commenced their work in ?colony. A. printed copy of the minute the District Meeting of the Anstralaf . Wesleyan Church, held in Sydney in J 1846, contains the following statistics : . 12 Ministers 77 Local Preaohers 127 Class Leaders 1917 Church Members 35 Sunday SchoolB 2203 Sunday Sobolars 253 Sunday School Teachers 32 Day School Teachers 8810 Attendants on Public Worship. Met 40 Churches, beiug an increase of 20 chu during the year. pre1 70 Preaching Places reas In 1891 census, the Wesleyan and other Pec Methodists in Australasia numbered corj 434,355, being a little over 11 per cent, of the population. . I have not time to refer to ?r Methodism wor]£ that Methodism and the by means 0f the aQC press. John Wesley did ^ more than any other man of his a£e to give to the people a cheap and pure litera- fre( ture. The Home and Foreign Missions I mu must pass over. The field of usefulness the which Methodism opened up to the godly raj men and women of the church I cannot cor touch upon except to say that by her gifted poi and godly local preachers she has exercised oie an influence far in excess of that which huj could possibly have been exercised by those who were separated to the work of the ministry had they been unaided. nu I cannot Bpeak of Methodism as seen in all her gigantic proportions in the United rej States and Canada, where the growth has exceeded the most sanguine expectations of her best friends. Throughout the Anglo Saxon race and elsewhere the results of the i work of this branch of the church of our Lord Jesus Christ are seen in wonderful improve ment, social, political, commercial, moral, and religious. It is estimated that at the present time there are some 30,000,000 in the world who stand identified with Metho- dism, and I make bold to say that, judged by their good citizenship, the small amount of crime amongst them, and of drunkenness and poverty, they will bear favourable com- parison with any other section of the community. Rev. J. E. Carruthers said he came from the oldest circuit in New South Wales— Parramatta, and he often felt upon him there the influence of the past. He was sure that God was with us still. ' The Lord of Hosts is with us, the God of Jacob is our refuge.' Methodism is a providential movement, Lecky, the historian, points out that when Europe was disturbed by the French Revolution, that it was Metho- dism which saved England by the spiritual revolution which took place under its guidance. Methodism was an opportune — a spiritual movement. As the result of the Methodist Revival, a Church had been founded having all the New Testament points of a true Church, From the first, anti-sacerdotal, the Methodist Church was also humani- tarian. It had always taken a great share- in Social Reform. It perhaps was not generally known that the Rev. Samuel Leigh, the first Wesleyan Minis ter, was mainly instrumental in founding the New South Wales Benevolent Society. The Rev. E. Crozier, ex-President of y the Primitive Methodist Conference, read the second paper on ' The Metho- dist Church of to- day: Its place, power, and responsibility,' as follows : — In dealing with this subject, one is apt to be influenced by the peculiar ifeatures of Methodism, with which a life-long association has made him con versant. There are, however, features common to all sections of Methodism that may be termed essentials, and it will be our aim, in speaking of the Methodist Church, to distinguish those broad, general features of Methodism, as far as possible free from insular prejudices created by sectional differ ences. We may define Methodism, as including a group of societies, all of which have similar characteristics, work largely on similar lines, and hold with remarkable unanimity by the same principles. The theology of each has the hall-mark of Wesley, and the Gospel, is fervently and earnestly proclaimed to humanity at large. The same general principles of polity underlie all local systems, and all unite in making church fellowship an important factor in con solidating and extending church in terests. In considering the place The Place of of Methodism, the question Methodism, with which we set out is, What is there unique in ihodism to differentiate it from other rcn systems ? And assuming that vailing conditions were a sufficient son for its establishment, is there that uliar to Methodism, that justifies its tinuance as a separate communion ; ias it fulfilled its mission, and should ow be absorbed by other communions, jy the Anglican Church from which founders sprang ? Is its continu ;e as a i-eparafce system u source of ikness to the Church of Christ ? or is re still a place for Methodism, in ich its peculiar genius can find the pst expression as a separate com mon ? The history of Methodism is i best answer to ihese questions. Its -id growth and development, the consolidation of its forces, and the power of its organizations, are a suffi cient refutation of the theory that it was but a fanatical outburst of religious enthusiasm. A system that, during the Queen's reign, has increased its membership nearly sevenfold, and the mber of its miuistry nearly tenfold, anot be classed as effete, when its productive force is so manifest. The standard by which The True men judge the right of a Standard, church to live, is its power to regenerate society, Antiquity of church forms, traditional authority, and purity of its creeds, may emphasis d by distinguished scholars id eloquent preachers, but the touch ane to which all is brought in this actical age is ' What are the signs of -wer to regenerate society ? ' This angelistic spirit is of the very genius Methodism. It was this spirit that bve it birth, and to it Methodism owe; its power and influence in Christendom -day. While Methodism has shewn wonderful elast city hi meeting the increasing needs created by a higheir culture, its chief strength is in the fact that it develops unique capacity for meeting the religious needs of th- masses. We look in vain in other com munions for anything approaching th- great 'missions' of modern Metho dism. The rough and ready dis course and passionate declaration of the earlier preachers, have un doubtedly undergone considerable change but change was .inevitable in the proces of its' development from a company c free lances into a huge ecclesiastics organisation. The certainty with whic the earlier preachers of Methodisr dogmatised on certain aspects of truth which are, at best, veiled in mystery cannot be reproduced in an age of cleare light; yet, amidst all change, Methodisim remains true to its original characteristic viz., the conversion of men. Methodism is a continue Methodism protest against sace v Sacer- dotalism The primal dotalism. object of John Wesle vas not to found a Church or separa sommunion — that position was forc- ipon him by the attitude of those wl jught to have been his sympathise md allies, and the marvellous growi i-f numbers who were drawn into th »reat confederation necessitated tl development of ecclesiasticism. B the emphasis laid upon the necessity a spiritual experience, in the form of changed heart, carried with it an an dote to the spirit of sacerdotalism in t Anglican Church, which laid greal stress upon the validity of chur orders and ritual, than upon spiriti experience. The great question fcl divides the Anglican Church fr- Methodism, is not that of chui orders but of baptismal regenerate Recent events in England would se to indicate that the battle of the ] formation may have to be fought ags Ritualistic practices are becoming notorious, that Sir William Harcoi in a recent debate in the House Commons, declared that there exis '? a conspiracy for overthrowing principles of the Reformation,'' w another shrewd observer declares 1 there is more ' no Popery ' feeling England at this time than for generations. Australia is not free from the same blighting influence, and from the emphasis laid upon the necessity of spiritual experience, and the past history of Methodism, we need not ask upon which side we will be found, in any attempt to limit the privilege of each believer to be himself a priest unto God. Methodism stands alone in its polity. It is that, perhaps, more than anything else, thnt differentiates it from other Church sytems. It is a great confedera- tion, the separate parts of which are guided and controlled by the central force. That the central force has not always wisely ns'-d the powers vested in it may be admitted ; such was almost inevitable, but its changing character, and its accountability to the parts that create it, sufficiently act as a safe guard against any flagrant abuse of its powers and privileges. The rights of the individual are conserved, but always as subservient to those of the Society. The principle of the The itinerancy, is one peculiar Itinerancy, to Methodism, not that Methodist ministers are the only men who change often, for outside of Methodism, in many cases : changes are nearly as frequent, and no doubt would be so in many more, to the mutual benefit of pastor and people, if provision could be made to effect such. This is one of the problems of modern church life, and writers who have contributed to the discussion of this subject, in recent numbers I , of the British Weekly have been in singular agreement as to the advisable i ness of some definite i erm of ministerial ' service being agreed upon. Of course i the three years' limit has been voted as ;i i too short a term, and seven seemed by a j ; consensus of opinion to be the perfect ? number. But the great difficulty with t all was, how to effect chauges so t desirable. Now by making the itiner 3 ancy, an integral part of Methodist f polity, the founder of Methodism showed t wise foresight and statesmanship. The c three. years' limit of Methodism may be 3 open to discussion, but the principle of I . the itinerancy is beyond dispute, and b the great difficulty of other communions . in effecting changes, is provided for on . the basic principle of our polity, which a regulates and adjusts the separate parts of the vast organization from the centre, j Time and experience justify the reten s tion of this principle, at the same time -f there is a growing' recognition ? that' there tl may arise special circumstances demand h ing in the best interests of the church n (not the individual) a certain elasticity h in the application of the rule. 7 ^ Methodism, by its stan n Its dards, preserves, as far as B Elasticity, a human system can, loyal ' adherence to the cardinal truths of revelation. It has been id charged against us that the tendency of r- our system is to repress freedom of ?y thought and action, and that the result of our theological training is to furnish te men with a ready-made mental outfit, 3d and so make our preachers on the io ' penny in the slot ' system. But is rs this a true statement of the case ? It is th true that Methodism embodies its beliefs at in certain formulas, but they are all be deemed essential to faith and practice, ut and believed to be vital truths of reve of lation. No man is coerced to subscribe a to these tenets, but having freely done ti- so, the least that the Church can ask is he that he shall remain loyal in his ad fcer herence to such, or else transfer his ch service to some more congenial sphere lal for the exercise of his powers. The iat Methodist Church is certainly not the am place for teachers who do not believe in :ch Methodist doctrines. But this is a an. very different thing from repressing em true freedom of thought, or acting as Re- a restraint upon the individual, bin. to the suppression of natural gifts, so The man who is content to have his xrt, thinking done for him, may no doubt of find Methodism a congenial atmosphere, sted but the same type exists and finds con the genial surroundings in other systems hile outside Methodism. So far from this ihat charge of conformity to type being a I in true one, it is one of the glories of two Methodism that in its complex life it rom produces such variety, and gives scope rom for the exercise of the strongest indi iy of vidual powers and gifts. To express tory freedom of thought, would mean throw ing Methodism out of joint with the a; inain principles of true progress. p f Then Methodism believes Faith in itself as a potent in- 11 in itself. strument for the extension P. of Christ's kingdom, and 1 yiet this belief is tempered with a due a appreciation of the good features of, ^ and a tolerant spirit towards, other ^ evangelical communions. To believe in amission is essential to a robust strength 6 of purpose Circumstances, conditions, ? environment, and hereditary influences, 11 combined to make many of us Metho- f dists, but advance from the pupilage of early years, has brought with it the growing conviction that Methodism is from the very nature of its con stitution, one of, if not the very best adapted, of all organised forms 8 of Christianity, for extending the * interests of the Redeemer's kingdom. It is social in its sympathies, it provides, c as no other system does, for fellowship, I and the liberalizing tendencies of recent 1 years, give reasonable cause to assume, £ that it will always keep in touch with I wise reforms, while sufficiently guarding against hasty, rash, and ill-advised £ radicalism. Such among many replies * may be given to the question: 'What 1 is there unique in Methodism ?' ( j.jie The power of Methodism 3 Power of may be seen: 1' In its ] .. .. .. ? numbers and the extent * Methodism. ... .„ m, - of its ramifications. There j are nearly eight million members in . the world, nearly 90 thousand churches 3 and mission stations, 43,428 ordained , ministers, .100,824 lay preachers. In, ] Australasia, Methodism has , 600,000 adherents, 100,000 members, including those in the South Sea Islands. There are 110,078 Methodists in N.S.W., according to the last census returns, , being an increase, pro rata to population during the last decade, of 12 per cent. 1 the number of members being about ' 11,000 There is perhaps no town ' of any importance in Australasia in which Methodism is not represented. ' Now, such numbers in themselves count for something, but when we remember that this vast host may be a compact, dis ciplined organization, its power becomes intensified. For all purposes of aggres ? sion, missionary enterprise and zeal; the power to utilize such forces for concentrated effort, is appparent in such a compact organization as Methodism. 2 Then the power of Its Methodism is seen : In its Adaptation, adaptation to varied con ditions, and the utilization of its forces. In the complex life of Methodism, spiritual needs assume a variety of forms, from the earnest, -emotional, unlettered type, to that of the not less earnest, undemonstrative, ' highest culture, with all gradations ? between the extremes. It is to the credit of Methodism, that there is such versatility in its preachers and teachers, that a wise adjustment of relations, can ? generally be made, resulting in mutual edification and agreement. The needs of congregations, and the qualifications ? of men, are both questions that receive such consideration in placing men, as is scarcely possible, under any other system of church government, and though occasionally unwise appointments may ? be made, the exceptions only go to prove the rule. Work ^ aims to make lor everyone a worker. It Everybody. does n?-\ succeed, of course, but that is the 'ideal; and it provides, as perhaps no ' other system does, opportunities for the development of latent powers on the part of its laymen. Without lay agency, it is not too much to say, Methodism would never have been ; and without it to-day it would soon cease to be. Our system affords opportunities for and encourages, the free exercise of natural powers in the varied activities of Christian service ; and notwithstanding that unwise laxity has sometimes re sulted in the encouragement of un qualified, ambitious men, greedy for office and power, yet the bone and sinew ? of Methodism is in its noble army of self-sacrificing, earnest, devoted lay §,ents, who, impelled by lofty motives, lace their powers at the service of Ihrist and the 'Church. 4. And is it ot a striking tribute to the power f Methodism, that in modern Church ie very many of the methods adopted nd agencies employed, and which were eculiar to Methodism from its inception, re being adopted by other communions. )pen-air preaching was a necessity of arly Methodism, a necessity born of a iassion for souls. Men had to believe n their vocation before they would ncounter the opposition that assailed hem. Then the employment of The Local lay preachers was a neces Preacher. sity of early Methodism, because of its rapid growth tnd development. Then Methodism las always provided a large sphere for vomen to engage in the activities of (hurch life and work. But these jeculiarities of Methodism are now argely adopted by other communions, t,nd their utilization is a tribute to the power of Methodism in using]such forces. We rejoice that other systems can learn something from ours, because it helps io lessen our indebtedness to many if lot all of them, for have they not all iontributed to our mental and spiri ;ual equipment, by means of their nen, if not ' directly by their methods? The Methodist church of ;o-day would be considerably weaker liad not F. W. Robert;-on, .. Spur *eon, Dale, Dods, and Lacordaire, with many others, all contributed to its power, and so we say ' freely we have, received and freely give.' 5\. Its power is likewise Cardinal in its apprehension of the Doctrines, great doctrines of sin, sal vation, and sanetification. The vivid conception of sin led to the amphatic proclamation of the Lord Jesus Christ as the Saviour, who could deliver men from sin and death, and that was the truth that made Metho dism. When that truth is forgotten, or neglected, then the power of Methodism as a spiritual force will be spent. No advance in intellectual apprehension of spiritual truth, or higher culture, on the part of our teachers ; no altered con ditions of human society can do away with the necessity ' of Methodism pro claiming a present salvation, and any other is not worth preaching. The. advocacy of improved temporal con ditions has found a large place in our teaching of to-day. That such improve ment is desirable goes without saying, and that much more is being done than can be accomplished is passionately believed by many. But can we afford to wait till such reforms as are desirable are effected ? Are we to preach a postponed salvation to men upon whom the burden of life presses heavily, and who need to have their lives filled with a satisfying joy, that only God can give ? A This age is not peculiar, Present *n conditions of Salvation. life, a™ ^hard to* ma'7 ana God assuredly did not intend that His Gospel should be deferred till the disabilities under which men live are removed. Sorrow is a present experience ; sin is an every day fact ; Death is not deferred, and while these things are facts of present ex perience, to offer men a suspended salvation, is to mock them, by offering stone instead of bread. Mark Ruther ford says : ' The mass of truths which prompt us is enormous, but in this mass there are a few which are of transcendent importance, and these should in some way be singled out. They should be pressed upon us per iodically with emphasis, so that we may feel the difference between them and otherdoctrines, which may be disbelieved without peril to our salvation.' With a due recognition of the power of Metho dism in its numbers, adaptation and methods, its greatest power consists in the loyalty with which it proclaims the old thrilling certainties, in the power . of the Holy Ghost sent down from heaven. Response responsibly of bility of Methodism must be self Methodism evide£nt- ' tthe foregoing is a fair statement oi the case. Very briefly then, — 1. The re- ii sponsibility of past success rests upon it. 2 All Divine election to privilege carries' o with it a corresponding obligation to c realise the divine idea. Our Church g has been raised by God and sustained C and guided by Him. Great blessing c has rested upon us. But no Church p Can live upon its past. The call to 1: service is still ours, and ours is the p responsibility to recognise that any 5 departure from essential beliefs, conse- e crated spirit, and holy aims will bring t before Methodism ' the handwriting on s the wall.' 2. Likewise, the responsi- c bility of true progress, so as to be in t harmony with the ever - changing 1 forms and developments of human \ society — a progress which consists t not in forsaking truth, but in its clearer t apprehension. Religion catches a tone and colour from each generation, and talks in the dialect of the time. But none of these changes touch the heart of spiritual life and experience, that always endures, and while seeking continually to evolve a higher life, the responsibility of remaining true to the 1 leading features of Methodist doctrine J remains upon us. { Above all there is the s Consecrated responsibility of conse- - Service. crated service. What we \ are and what we have are \ the gift of God, and as such should , be placed at his disposal in the spirit of thankfulness Consecration was the ( key note that dominated the lives of the , old Methodist worthies. Shall we prove j ourselves unworthy sons of such sires ? j Our privileges in many respects are ? greater, and so is our responsibility. The - worth of the Methodist Church in the long run will be the worth of the . individuals composing it. May we then ? as individuals, in the spirit of conse crated service, and endowed with ( spiritual power, each contribute to the realization of the Divine idea in Metho dism. The Rev. George Lane said: We believe and affirm that Methodism has both place , responsibility, and power, as one of the Christian Churches in the world and. in this age. It has its place! : in the order of God's Providence, and a place that no other Church can fill as well, a place which we must retain, for we see no indication that it has com pleted its mission, or, finished its work.! its place may not be in the van of the Churches for its antiquity, wealth, learning, social prestige, stately edifices, ormate services, contributions to ecclesi astical and theological literature, or political influence. But it holds a fore most place for its zeal in the proclamation of the Gospel, the conversion ef sinners, the edification of believers, the spread of Scriptural holiness, Foreign Missionary spirit and labors, fidelity to Scriptural doctrines, care for the religious training of the young, and powers of adaptation in Christian work among all classes and in all lands. Failure is not inscribed on its banners in any country. Its place is recog nised by nearly all evangelical Churches, and the best people in them would not for a moment desire that place to be vacated or lost. Such a loss would be serious to the Church, and the world at large. Its responsibility is to be measured by its opportunities. It is not responsible for the conversion of the world, or the salvation of all the people of this city, or the supply of Christian ordinances to the entire population of Australasia. But it is responsible for doing all that it can do in preaching the Gospel of Jesus Christ among men in all lands to which it can gain access, diffus ing abroad the principles of righteousness, building up the Kingdom of God upon the earth', defending His Truth, and standing up for the Sabbath, the Scrip tures, etc., and the vital doctrines of the Christian religion. Especially, as it seemed to him, was it called to un swerving fidelity to the first great principles of of its early history. 1. The necessity of a Scriptural conversion, and the possibility and blessedness of the assurances of salvation ; 'the witness of the Spirit' was a great and frequent theme of early Methodist preaching. Samuel Wesley, on his dying bed, called t 'the strongest proof of Christianity.' I. The Doctrine of Christian Holiness, r practical godliness, displayed in a hanged, purified, consecrated, and pro gressive individual Christian life. 3. Christian fellowship, or the communion if saints, as a necessity, a duty, a irivilege, and a blessing of the religious ife ; and, to his mind, that was best irovided for in the best type of the Methodist class-meeting. 4. Fervent ivangelism — seeking the lost, to save hem for Christ and His work — aggres ive Christian work — this was the glory if early Methodism, and its successes herein were marvellous. Read the ives of early Methodist preachers — they vould bring tears to their eyes, shame o their cheeks, and fire to their hearts ; hey were wonderful stories of toil, perse sution, courage and success in the work b£ God. The poiver of Methodism is lifficult to ascertain or describe. Some jlements of its power are to be found in ts noble traditions, its transmitted ten ancies, its admirable working theology, ts power of organization, its large, varied, and efficient system of lay igencies. its faithful adherence to the jreat evangelical doctrines, which, in lis opinion, were still the most efficient md mighty of all for the great work of saving men, and most important of all, its share in the promise of the Father, the gift of the Holy Spirit — this was its ihief source of power, and the only one that could ensure its complete saccess. Our fathers sought and obtained this power, and by it were enabled to do great things. We must seek and obtain a Eresh baptism of power from on high. That would solve their difficulties, fill their churches, vindicate their ciaims as a. Church of Christ, and qualify them to act well their parts in blessing the world, and hastening the coming of the Kingdom of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ among men. Rev. James Green, who followed, said that it was a mistake to imgaine that the conditions of Methodist work were so very different in these days to the conditions of the past. As there was ignorance and indifference to contend against in those days, so there is to-day. Thijre is such a thing as educated ignor ance, and it was possible to know about Christ and not know Him. Thousands who had passed through our Sunday schools were still ignorant of vital and experimental religion. Whilst we were still true to the outstanding principles of Methodism, conversion, consecration, and culture ; were we not responsible for adapting our presentation of truth to the change in language and material conditions. Every century has its own needs, must have its own message, and we must be true to our own century. We must preach the Gospel in the newspaper language of to-day to reach the masses. To understand respon sibility we must look at our oppor tunity. This was supremely an age of opportunity. There had never been since the days of the Apostles so many doors opened to the Gospel. Look at the opportunity of the great, cities. Ought we not to make the religious privileges of the cities as great in proportion to their population as the country. If a township of 200 souls springs up we send a missioner, but we' leave large tracts of population in the city comparatively uncared for. Through, the ordinary circuit avenues of service,, by the employment of up-to-date and. modern methods, full of the Spirit's power, we might continue to be mighty in the building up of Christ's Kingdom, on earth. The Hon. J. S. Larke, instead of reading a paper, delivered au address on ' The Methodism of the Future.' He said that, though he was not a prophet, he thought it was possible to get a dim outline of the future by looking at the past. Methodism appeals tp the im agination. The morning drum-beat of the British troops was heard all round the world. The song of the Methodist prayer-meeting was to be heard where the British drum-beat had never and was never likely to be heard. We were progressing as no other Church was progressing, but our rate of progress was diminishing. In this colony the same thing was proved by statistics. There had been marvellous growth, but the Church had not fulfilled its early promise. It was cold comfort to know that in this respect we were slightly better than the other Churches. To what was this diminishing rate of progress to be attri buted ? Had Methodism accomplished its mission ? Was the church decaying ? He thought not. During the past 50 years the material wealth of the world had wonderfully increased. Men had consequently become intensely material istic and the slaves of covetousness. In the realm of natural science there were forces at work leading to a decay of belief in the supernatural. Superficial thinkers had drawn deductions from scientific discoveries which deeper thinkers would not dare to draw. There were economic causes for the increased difficulties of church work. To-day the masses were fighting against the monopoly of money. The poor were not becoming poorer but the rich were becoming richer and the gulf was greater to-day between the rich and the poor than ever. All life was strained and restless and we did not for a single day know what calamity might come upon us. Only God could keep the peace between the nations. Recently a young American gathered together the avail able wheat of the market with the result that there was a rebellion in Spain. Men were shot down in the streets of Italy and there was trouble in Germany. Wheat went up from 30s to 60s per .quarter — if it had been a real scarcity instead of a fictitious one, it would have gone up to 80s, and no one can tell what might have happened. The Church will have a different though noble part to play in the problems of the future. There was never a time when the mission of Methodism was more needed than now. (Applause). During no time in their history was the power of God more needed. He feared the Church had done something to bring about this decay in religion. They had multiplied organizations too much. He had no doubt but that the Methodism of the future would adapt itself, but after all, in the main, the old ways were the best. Success would depend more upon the essential preaching of the Gospel than in the multiplication of organizations. The latter tended to bear down their ministers. There would also have to be a sifting among the ministers. The cry was not so much for young as for vigorous men. Their complaint was not against old ministers, but that they had men preaching old sermons which were as dry as dead bones. The minister who ceased to be useful and whose work showed decay in circuit after circuit was the minister whose work was clearly done as far as the pulpit was concerned. Unfruitful branches — whether the un faithful minister or the unfaithful member — should be cut off. ' Cut off the right hand, even if it be rich,' said Mr. Larke. Within the Methodist Church .itself there was room for a church four times as large and strong as it was to-day. Though 70,000 returned themselves as Methodists in the census, only 10,000 were members. The multitudes reached by such men as Moody and California Taylor show that these might be won altogether for Christ. The Rev. M. Reavley and Mr. W. Robson spoke to the subject of Mr. Larke's address, but by an unfortunate mishap to the 'copy' containing the report, Ave are unable . to give their remarks in this issue. The Chairman then pronounced, the Benediction, and a large number of those present repaired to the 'tea-room,' where provision had been made by the Sisters of the C.M.M. An Interval Meeting was held from 6.30 to 7.30 and was well attended. The Rev. R. Bavin was in charge and a very profitable time was spent. 