The Advertiser FRIDAY. JUNE 24, 1898. OPENING OF PARLIAMENT. The forecast published yesterday of his Excellency's opening speech gave an accurate indication of the chief features of the Ministerial programme for the sessiop. The Government, as we antici pated, hare made comparatively few additions to their policy. Bat there are nevertheless both abundance and: variety in the bill of fare pre sented, and Ministers cannot seriously imagine that Parliament will be able to deal finally this session with one-half of the measures proposed by diem, if; indeed so many. The non-contentious matter is of formidable amount, and the questions certain to provoke warm and! protracted controversy are numerous. I Ministers, we are told, "feel that the session can be more profitably employed by . close attention to the measures already specified than by any less thorough effort to grapple with: more work." Ibis paragraph of! the speech reads almost like an apology for a slender programme, but as a fact it comes after a long list of pro mised Bills, which would furnish suffi cient pabulum for a couple of sessions. It would seem as though -Ministerial faith in the legislative capacity of Parliament were nnshaken by experience. Year after year Governments find it increas ingly difficult to get even a moderate quantity of business satisfactorily dis posed of. Debates are longer and less con clusive, -and important measures drag on from one Parliament to another. This! is not simply a local phenomenon, but is complained of in nearly every Parliamentof the world. Some of the incidental results' of the heavier and slower working of the legislative machinery are very unfortu nate. Imperial statesmen, like Mr. Baifour, assert that it is practically com pelling Governments to submit their measures in instalments. There may be every desire to treat a £iven subject on the large scale, with adequacy and com pleteness; but a big Bill makes such tardy progress that a angle session barely suffices to get it through both Houses, unless other and, it may be, urgent measures are sacrificed. The Ministerial -programme outlined in the Governor's speech yesterday includes several consolidating and amending Bills. The laws relating to public health, to! the Civil Service, and to local government are proposed to be so dealt with. Nothing could be inore commendable than the undertaking of such practically useful j work, but it is one of the things that are j easier said than done. The Government show plenty of confidence in attempting so much, and no one can blame them for postponing to the next Parliament the gigantic task of consolidating the land laws. The liberal provision in the sessional programme for reform legislation of various kinds does not presumably imply a belief that much of it can be carried in Parliament as at present constituted. Anomalous and illogical as is the existing franchise ior the Legislative Council, reasonable as it would be to substitute household franchise so as to make a. mature and stable vote the basis ofj the Second Chamber, there is not the j ghost of a chance of carrying such' a measure through the Council until the public demand is more strongly and emphatically pronounced. This is one of the questions that must go to the country at the general election. Other constitutional issues mentioned in die speech, such as the referendum, have j hardly yet reached the practical stage j even in the Assembly. The proposal of law reform invites debate not on principle but on methods, and the methods followed! in the Ministerial Bill are so far disputed that this, too, is likely to be found' at the end of the session among die questions not finally disposed of. The Government promise many measures of social and industrial reform, such as aid to early closing, fae tory law amendment, employer's liability, | workmen's liens, and the better protec-1 tion of children. Jt is the fashion to! sneer at all such legislation as extra va-' gsnt, socialistic, or sentimental, but it closely touches the practical interests of Urge classes of the community, and con structive statesmanship in a democratic State is bound to take up questions ofj this sort. Even in England, under a' Conserrative Government, they force! tiieir way to the front and clamor for; solution. Every Bill of the kind is entitled to be examined in a. fair and candid spirit and judged upon its merits. The difficulties of legislation in sucii a matter, for example, as early closing are admittedly great, but harder questions have been solved, and a practicable scheme will deserre both sympathy and support. It is needless to say, however, that the Government cannot satisfactorily accom plish much work of this character in a single session. The detailed committee work calls for the exercise of scrupulous care, and anything like "slumming" is disastrous. If a measure is hastily passed and proves to be unwork able, it is really worse than use less. The value of " affirming a principle" is quite lost in the discredit which failure inevitably brings on all legislation de signed to solve these social and industrial problems. A real success, on tlie other | hand, is worth all the patient and devoted i labor tliat secures it. ; A number of measures referred to in the opening speech will be universally recognised as not ouly important but urgent. All parties are at one in ad mitting the imperative necessity of a new and liberal Act dealing with the occupa tion of our pastoral lands. Tlfe reduc tion of agricultural rents is another matter that must be grappled with. The session cannot be allowed to close without legislation which will place the principal producing interests of the colony on a sounder footing, but the pastoral ques tion exceeds all others in immediate gravity. It appear^ that the Government expect a deficiency in the year's accounts, but the amount is not stated. No ad ditional taxation is considered to be necessary, and there is, indeed, a good prospect of a substantial recovery in the revenue during- the ensuing financial year. The need of economy in expenditure is, however, unabated, and Ministers will have to resist firmly all suggestions to increase the present scale of outlay. In public works somewhat more activity than lias lately been displayed is desirable, and- especially in the direction of water conservation ; but unless a better case can be made out for the Bundaleer scheme than was presented last year, the proposed outlay on that extensive under taking is open to grave question. As re gards Australian federation Ministers are adopting adiplomaticattitudo. The speech, however, does not invite Parliament to take any action, and it may be assumed that the question is hung up pending developments in New South Wales, al though the Premier dues not feel disposed to say so outright. The passing of ad dresses to the Queen will certainly be postponed until matters become a little clearer. 