THE STORYTELLER. An Idyll of the Suburbs. On the top of an electric tram-car, run ning through the suburbs of Cape Town, a young man is seated; his long legs sprawl ing wide apart, hands deep in his trousers pockets," smasher hat, with white pug garee, tilted well over his eyes, and between his lips a cigar, which he medita tively chews rather than smokes, moving it from side to side of his mouth with a facility only acquired by long practice. He. is. evidently deep in thought, undis turbed by the almost continuous clanging of the motorman's gong or the frequent stoppages. Fresh arrivals onltop do not interest him; he merely gives them a lazy look without altering his position. Even when the oar was stopped by an unusually large party, all laughing and chatting merrily, he only looked down for a moment, and rolled his cigar between his teeth, pushing out his lower jaw and elevating the half-extinguished end of his weed almost to the tip of his nose, a movement which can be made eloquently expressive of indifference or contempt. The party of new arrivals consisted of four girls of various ages, two young fellowB, and a stout motherly-looking lady of middle age. The car was nearly fall inside—there was only room for three—the rest must, go on top. " A jolly good thing, too. I'd rather go on top, eh?" exclaims a merry voice, accompanied by a pleasant laugh. " Rawther," was the reply of one of the young fellows, as he Btarted for the top, followed by three of the girls. On top the vacant seats were scattered, and the party fitted themselves in as best they could. The motorman clanged on his gong, impatient at the delay, which was prolonged by a fat, unwieldy Malay woman with two children, who only discovered when the car was re-starting that she wonted to get off, which she did, woman like, facing the rear end of the car. The two young Abdols were unceremoniously dropped in the road by the conductor and on obliging passenger, and the car was started with one of those snaps which shake the whole heavy fabric, and cause those passengers who may be standing to grasp at the nearest support. This was the case with the young lady who was last •of the party to reach the top. She was on the top of the staire when the car started, •and, with the jerk, was almost knocked off her feet. She staggered, and gave vent to o startled " Oh!" and would have fallen but for the arm of the meditative smoker, who had occupied the back seat, but who was now on his feet, alert, strong, and anxious. To pass his arm firmly round her and help her to the seat was only obeying his manly instinct. As he sat down beside her she turned, blushing prettily to thank him. " It was so kind of you. I quite lost my balance. I Oh, Harry! Mr. Coet jzee! I I " The smile and the blush had faded, and the blood had receded from the pretty face, leaving it pallid. The bright eyes were cloudy and troubled, the lips were tremulous, and she tugged nervously at the gloves which she carried in her hands. Nor did the meeting seem to have had less effect on the man. His hat, pushed back on his head, revealed a face which, tanned as it had been by the scorching sun of. the sub-tropics, was now ghastly by contrast. Heavy dark rings showed beneath his blue gray eyes, which glittered and darkened with repressed emotion, and the cigar had dropped from his mouth, nipped through by his teeth. He half rose, paused a moment as if irresolute, and then, with an expression half sullen, half defiant on his face, dropped back in his seat beside her. There was an awkward pause for a minute, and then he said, rather sullenly: "Well?" The girl had, with a woman's readiness, recovered her equanimity—at least she looked up at him with a suggestion of mis chief in her eyes as she retorted: "Well?" Then, as he did not Bpeak, feeling uncom fortable, she continued: "Who would have thought of meeting you here ? I thought you were up near the Zambesi." " Yes, and moBt likely you wish me there," he replied bitterly. After a pause he con tinued, more calmly: " No, I came down a few days ago for a rest and change." " I hope yon will enjoy your stay. Will it be Ion? ? " She was nervous now, for his keen eyeB were fixed on here with a pene trating look, as if he would have xead her very thoughts. " I don't know/' with a shrug. " I have no settled plans. I just knock about as fancy dictates, killing time." " You don't look very happy," she said, obeying an impulse which she instantly regretted. " Happy!" he echoed, with a sarcastic ghost of a laugh. " I was fool enough at one time to think there was such a thing as happiness, but you cured me of that. Of course, a man can always find plenty to occupy his time in the life I have led since. Plenty of work, both mental and physical; plenty of worries and troubles; sometimes even BickneBs and danger. All these we have," he continued, drawing himself up, "but they do a man good. They enlarge his mind and draw him out of the little petty narrow-minded groove he gets into by pottering about his father's farm, or even in Cape Town and the suburbs. These things go to make a man of a fellow."' She looked at him with surprise. Could this be the easy-going, good-natured, and rather rustio young fellow she had known only three years ago—this big, manly fel low; alert, keen-eyed, sturdy, and inde pendent? Her face clearly showed the surprise she felt, and betrayed, too, some of the admiration she could not repress. How she wished in her heart, at that moment, that things might have been otherwise with them, but she only said: " How changed you are." "Yes, I have changed. But that can have no interest for you, now that you are married." " Married!" she exclaimed. " Who told you that ? I'm not married." " Not married ? " he repeated slowly, in a deep, intense voice. "I heard, more than two years ago, that you were mar ried." " Who told you so P " " A chum of mine up there heard so from Jim Mostert, who asked him to tell me." " Oh, he," she cried scornfully. " He wanted to." "And you refused him ? " " Yes." "Why?" " Oh, because I " She stops, with a nervous little laugh, for she was embar rassed by the intentneBS of his look, and an undefinable something which she read in his face. " Tell me," he urges. "Well, I refused him because I never liked him, and particularly " She hesi tated, and turned her head away with downcast eyes and quivering lips. "Because it was he who told father and mother about you, and so was the cause of of what you call your unhappi ness." "Oh, it was he?" muttered Harry. Then, turning to her with an angry flash in his eyes: " What did he say about me ? Bemember I got no satisfaction at the time. When I got your letter I went at once to your house, but was denied access to you. You father accused me of I don't know what, but refused to give me any explanation, and shut the door in my face." Deeply moved at these recollections, with the hot blood surging in his face, his big flst clenched, firmly set jaws, and flash ing eyes, he looked a man who would make matters very uncomfortable for Master Jim could he at that moment lay hands on him. His manner softened as he listened to the voice of the woman he had loved so well, a voice made all the sweeter by the tinge of sadness which was apparent in it. "Do you remember the smoking con cert?" she asked. "I think it was in connection with your football club." "Yes; I have reason to remember that * smoker,'" he replied grimly. " You have, indeed," she sighed, " and so have I. The night after the concert Jim came to our house in a terrible state. His face was bruised and swollen, one of hiB eyes was black, and his lip was cut. Mother was greatly put out about him—you know he is a distant relation of hers—and, of course, asked him how it had happened. He said he had got into a row at the smoker. He seemed to be unwilling to say much about it; but my father insisted on knowing why Jim came to our house in such a state. Jim said he had a row with you. ' W ith Harry,' said, my father;' what about?' 'About Kitty.' We were all astonished, so Jim explained that you had, as usual (so he said), taken more liquor than you should, and that you had publicly spoken ill of me. He remonstrated with you, but you swore at him, and told him to mind his own business; and he said he wculd not allow you or anyone else to speak of me in the way you were doing." "Goodheavens! how a man can lie!" exclaimed Harry. Kitty gave him a quick look, and re sumed :—" Then you rushed at him, and struck him in the face. He tried to defend himself, but was no match for yon, and one of your drunken companions who came to give assistance, so that he got awfully knocked about and .injured on the face and body. And he felt quite sore all oyer." A grim smile lit up Harry's features as he said:—"So well he might. And you believed all that F " he asked her quietly. "I hardly knew what to do," she replied pitifully. " I hated to believe it, btit Jim said he could produce witnesses to prove it. Father questioned him farther about it, and asked him for the name of any reliable man who saw the quarrel. Jim said that Mr. Wright, the merchant from Town, was sitting at a table close by, and saw all that passed. Next day, father went to Mr. Wright and asked him about it. He said there were several little squabbles, late in the evening, but nothing very serious. Father asked him if he knew you or Jim. Mr. Wright said he knew you well as one of the backs in the team. After a lot of pressing, he told father that, hearing angry voices close to him, he looked round—just in time to see yon hitting Jim in the face with your fist. A lot of people gathered round, and (you were all hustled outside, struggling, and shouting. He said it was a mere nothing—' young blood excited with a little drop extra, you know. Boys will be boys, Mr. de Waal. We were young once ourselves.'" She smiled as she caught herself mimicking the tone and manner of Mr. Wright. "Father was furious, and refused to listen to any reasoning from mother or me. He told us all Mr. Wright had said, and declared he would hear nothing further from us. He had proof that you had used my name in a drunken quarrel in a public concert-hall, and nothing could excuse that. He com pelled me to write that letter, returning your ring. For, what could I do in face of all that ? " she asked appealingly. "If you had loved me, you would at least have given me a chance to explain," he retorted sternly. " I begged of father to give you a chance to explain, but he absolutely refused, even when mother joined with me; and swore he would take violent measures if you dared to meet me, or to come to the house after he forbade you." " Tou never even answered the letter I wrote you." " I never read it. Father intercepted it, and tore it into pieces, which he burned in front of me. And he threatened all sorts of things if I dared to write to you." " Well, thank God, it's not too late yet," said Harry, earnestly. "Why? Can you explain? Was it untrue ? " Her face was alight with the hope new-born in her breast. "Oh, Harry, if it was all a lie! "— She discreetly stopped there, for the tram had come to a full stop at the ter minus at Plumstead, and everyone began to move off the car. Kitty's companions came bustling round her. They had been wondering amongst themselves who was this big "up-country" looking fellow with whom she was so engrossed. She hardly knew what to do; the situation was per plexing. She longed to hear his explana tion of the wretched occurrence of that night at the smoking concert; and yet she was half afraid to introduce him to her friends, several of whom knew of the affair. However, she made the best of a bad job, and introduced him. The two young girls, —her cousins, Jessie and Milly Heatlie— blushed, murmured " How-d'-dew ? " and tittered as school girls do. The young fel low who accompanied them exclaimed, as Harry faced him under the full glare of the electric lights :—" By Jove, it's Harry Coetzee. Harry, old man, how are you ? Man! I'm awfully glad to see you "—seiz ing him by the hand and shaking it heartily. Then, as Harry did not speak, he went on:—" Don't you remember me, Billy Edwards." " Why! can this be little Billy Edwards ? What a big fellow you have grown! I shouldn't have known you." Harry's face, which had been rather set and hard, soon softened under the lively fire of questions from Billy, who evidently bore no ill-feel ing towards him. On the contrary, Billy was most cordial; and on learning that Harry was on a holiday, he invited the lat ter to spend a few days at his home. By this time, they had been joined by the three inside passengers—Mrs. Heatlie (a maternal aunt of Kitty's), a young girl, and the remaining member of the male escort. Seeing Kitty's indecision, Harry whispered " I won't leave you till I ex plain." Thus encouraged, Kitty "faced the music." "Aunt Ellen, this is Mr. Coetzee,"—"an old friend," Bhe added. Mrs. Heatlie bowed and smiled; then, as Harry stood uncovered, facing the brightly lighted car, she recog niaed him, and drew herself up Stopping dose to her, Harry said in a low, voice:—" Mrs. Heatiie, don't misjudge me.; Give me a chance to explain. I met Kitty —Miss de Waal—by pure accident, and have only just heard from her the lies that were tola about me. Give me a chance of telling her the truth." Poor Mrs. Heatlie was in a dilemma. 8he dreaded the anger of her brother-in-law should he find her out; and yet past remembrances of the bright, affectionate boy whom she alwayB liked, appealed to her kindly heart. Nearly all women are match-makers by nature; she was no exception; and then Harry looked so simple, so honest, so manly, and withal so appealing, that she could not refuse him. So, smilingly, but with inward misgiving, she assented. Her daughters were in quite a flutter of pleasure. Womanlike, they anticipated all sorts of possibilities from this meeting, and the romance of it appealed to their girlish fancies. It was now discovered that the car had started on the return trip, so they decided to walk some of the way back, and get on a tramcar further down the line. This was, of course, for the benefit of Kitty and Harry. When the others had got some distance ahead, she turned to hi™ ; " Now tell me all about it." " I will. It is quite true that there was a row at the ' smoker'; but Jim's version of it is an out-and-out lie. Not the first for him either. I was sitting at a table with three of our fellows. Jim happened to come and sit at the next table, with his back to me. Mr. Wright was at another table, behind me again, and could see both of us—Jim and me. It's true, we all had several drinks, but none of us at our table had too much; of that I'm certain. I was a strict abstainer and in playing form all the season. As the last big match had been played, and the cup won, probably I took a glass or two more than usual. And we had cigars ad lib. But then you know it was our annual' smoker.' In the middle of the fun we heard some nasty language from the fellows at Jim's table. I won't tell you what they said, but their language was unparliamentary. At laBt, I heard your name mentioned, and I at once went to them and said: ' Gentlemen, Miss Kitty De Waal is engaged to me, and I will thank yon not to discuss her in this place.' Jim, who had himself evidently been mix ing his drinks, told me to go to another place, and he said he knew you before I ever saw yon, and knew more about you than I did. I never liked Jim much, so I tole him quite croBBly that if he or anyone else persisted in talking about you, I would twist his neck for him. I was just turning away, when Jim said something more about you. It wasn't a direct statement. It was one of those expressions which contain an insinuation, and convey the impression that a fellow could tell much more if he liked. But, as everyone knows, that's not the first lie by a good many that Jim Mostert has told." "No, indeeed!" exclaimed Kitty, her eyes flashing and her cheeks crimson with indignation. Harry resumed: " The other fellows at the table laughed at the joke, and I got mad; so I called Jim—well, I called him names—yes, I did—and' went for' him. I am prepared to acknowledge that I was beside myself with anger, and that t damaged him pretty considerably. Of course, when I came to think of it after wards, I was sorry to think that your name had been mixed up in such a row; but I don't see that I was altogether to blame. I simply couldn't hear my future wife spoken of like that. And I think your father treated me very badly," he concluded, with manly indignation. " Poor Harry!" was all she said; but the eyes which looked in his were moist; the hand which she laid on his arm was trem bling. For his last words had stirred her deeply. " My future wife !" What a flood of remembrance they brought. The dear, happy days of their early acquaintance and courtship; the succeeding days and nights of lonely, silent heart-soreness; the hot, bitter tears for the might-have-been; the gradual calm, the chilly indifference to would-be wooers ever since—for hers was a constant nature—her bitter repulsion of Jim Mostert and his hated "attentions "— persecutions she called them now—all these burst on her mental faculties like a flood, and. well-nigh overwhelmed her. During the few minutes they had to wait for the tramcar Kitty had no difficulty in explaining matters to Mrs Heatlie, whose kindly heart was in a glow of pleasure at the result. She shook hands with Harry most cordially, and said merrily : " Please God, all will be well now. And I'll under take to explain to her father." Kitty was thinking of her best friend and help in all her troubles. "Won't mother be glad P " was all Bhe said, but it spoke volumes. The tramcar rushed up, and they scrambled on board, all going on top by common oonsent, Harry conducting Kitty to the back seat in obedience to a senti ment which she, with quick womanly intuition, readily appreciated.* ; The car speeds down the shady hill to. Kenilworth, and on through Claremont to Newlands, Whence a lovely "view of the mountain is obtained. Stoppages are fre qhent, for the night ib a glorious one, and many people avail themselves of the plea sure of a nde on the cars, with the exhilarat ing rush through the cool, fresh night air. lam afraid our party is oblivious of most of this. The younger members enjoy themselves with all the gaiety of happy,, irresponsible youth; Harry and Kitty have each other; Mrs. Heatlie beams pleasantly on all, as she sits with her arms crossed in prim old-fashioned style—either hand clasping an elbow. Rondebosoh ib reached all too soon, and they descend to mother earth. To avoid possible awkwardness, Harry, with ready'decision, said to Mrs. Heatlie, when they reached the garden gate:—" I will say' good-night' here. Tou and Kitty can explain matters to her father, and if he is at all reasonable, send me word to-morrow at the Grand Hotel, and I will come out to- morrow night." And so it was arranged. " Good-nights " were quickly exchanged with all except Kitty. When the others had gone inside, the lovers had a few bliss ful moments. Few words passed, their hearts were too full; but hand clasped hand; and eye met eye in lingering, loving, and eloquent looks. " Good-night, Harry." " Until to-morrow night, sweetheart." He closes the gate after her, and watches her as she passes up the garden walk, until Bhe reaches the stoep. She standB on the top step, in the moonlight, her face and figure in clear relief against the darkness of the stoep behind her, and kisses her hand to him. Harry uncovers his head, with a movement which has something reverential in it—the homage of a true man to the woman he loves. Like most men accustomed to life up country, Harry did not, as a rule, care for walking; but to-night he felt that he must walk. He felt such a sense of elation at his new-found happiness, that it was good to.be out and and alone in God's fresh air. His pulses were tingling, and he seemed to walk without effort; and, as he strode along, with expanded chest, head well back, and swinging arms, he would not have changed places with any man in South Africa. . He had never had any leaning towards the poetical—beyond being in love—but his mood to-night had, unknown to himself, much of the poetic in it; and it was thiB that impelled him to pause and admire the majestic beauty of the Grand Old Moun tain as it towered above him, its outlines clear cut as a cameo against the dark purple of the sky, the moonlight dotting its bare and rocky peaks with silver radiance, and gloryifying the beautiful forests which cover its Bides and slopes— down to the very road whereon he stood. Truly, for Harry, it waB a world of happi ness, beauty, and tranquility. # • * # * Next day, in his hotel, he got a telegram from Kitty—" All well. Come." That evening seven o'clock found him knocking at the door of Mr. De Waal's house. The old gentleman received. him quietly, and asked him to relate the whole of: the smoking concert incident. Harry did so, and gave the names of several wit nesses of the scene, two of whom held re sponsible positions in the Civil Service in Cape Town. He added: " I haven't seen any of these people since, and if you doubt my word, ask them. As for Jim Mostert, I heard, to- day, that he left the Colony in disgrace, not long since." "Yes; he got into trouble over his accounts," admitted Mr. De Waal. Then, offering his hand, he said: "Harry, my boy, I believe you now, and I'm Borry for what haB occurred; but, you know, I thought I was only doing my duty- I was hasty; forgive me." " Then I can have Kitty ?" burst out Harry, as he took the proffered hand. " Well, hut you're in a hurry," laughed the old fellow heartily. "What do you say, mother ? " turning to his wife. " I always liked Harry," smiled the old lady. Harry took her in his arms and kissed her on the cheek. " God bless you, mother —but where is Kitty ?" " Out in the garden, I think," said the mother, with a meaning smile. And Harry found her there. —South African " Catholic Magazine. Painting is the intermediate something between a thought and a thing. 