PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. A DAUGHTER OF THE PEOPLE, By "RITA," Author of "The Sinner," "Kitty the Rag," "Peg the Rake," "A Woman in It," "A Husband of No Importance," "Master Wilberforce," "Darby and Joan," "Sin- less Secret," "The Man in Possession," "Two Bad Blue Eyes," &c.;, &c.; COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER XXXVII.—(Continued.) The awful tempest swept over her uncheck- ed. To and fro she paced the room with the fierce striding, of a madwoman. Curses, words awful and unwomanly, leapt to her, lips. The graces of civilisation shrank abash- ed into some dim retreat. She wanted none of them now. She had gone back to the old, wild, untutored savagery that Sally Dunne had rescued, and Mickey had restrained. How long she raved thus, how long that passionate madness held her, she never knew. Only she found herself at last staring hope- lessly in the glass at something that faced her. Something white and wild with eyes like flame, from which great tears rolled helplessly down. ____ CHAPTER XXXVIII. In honour of Mickey his mother had de- creed that the chill, comfortless drawing- room should be used instead of the more comfortable hall. The three women sat round the fire after Brianna had left, and made spasmodic attempts at conversation. They had heard nothing of the scene in the dining-room, and Mickey's message to Brian- na had conveyed no special meaning to any one except Ray. She looked keenly at Lorrimer, and noticed signs of disturbance on his face. Mickey had drawn a chair up beside his mother, and was listening patiently to her affectionate tattle. His eyes were fixed on the fire. That mask of iron stillness still seemed to hold his features in it' expressionless calm. His ears were strained for the sound of a closing door, for the echo of the light step that had once made his life's music. How had this awful thing come to pass? How had she been brought to accept this man's love? Was it for sake of ambition, for wealth, for future fame, for any of the incomprehensible reasons that make women sell themselves into bondage? Underlying his outward calm raged the fires of fierce jealousy. It was less pain that he had lost her than that this man should have won her. His la- tent distrust of him increased tenfold in his absence. Clive's visit to him in Paris had been unwelcome, and Dr. Chapuye had hinted that he was in that city for no very good purpose. Still, it was a purpose that detained him three months from Brianna's side. Yet now this was the outcome of it. An increase of his strange powers, a wider field of deve- lopment for his fiendish knowledge. As he sat there in the home that this man had, in a way, restored to him he felt he had be- haved like the savage his enemy had called him; that the traditions of his ancestry had no root in his nature; that only the brute instinct had recognised a rival and thirsted for his destruction. "What makes you so low-spirited, Mickey, darling?" asked his mother at last. "Is it in love you are with some of those French ladies you've been meeting? Don't be bringing a foreign daughter to my arms, if you love me, Mickey. Their country can't be my country, nor their ways my ways. But, indeed, we seem all in the dumps together. Perhaps it's the room. I hate this room. I always did. It's full of ghosts. There's a story of a lady who haunts the Castle and walks through here at midnight with her throat cut and the blood trickling down her white gown. Mighty uncomfortable I should say. And how the blood can be flowing still when she was mur- dered a hundred years ago puzzles me. But then ghosts always were contrary creatures. They won't do anything that's comfortable or rational. Where's Brianna all this time? And Mr. Clive, too? Surely he's proposing to her, for what else would they be talking about so long?" Mickey sprang suddenly to his feet. "Mother," he said, "you invited that man here as your guest. Circumstances render it impossible that he should stay on as mine. He is leaving Croom to-night, if, indeed, he has not left already." "But, Mickey," he gasped, "what's the meaning of it? Why, you wouldn't turn a dog out on such a night." "Perhaps not," he said. "There are dogs far nobler than many men." "Have you quarrelled?" "Never mind. I can answer no questions. He recognises the impossibility of staying un- der my roof. No more need be said." "Indeed, that's very well for you, but it doesn't satisfy me at all. Mr. Clive and I were great friends, and he amuses me more than anybody. What's he done to be treat- ed in this uncivil fashion? And, indeed, Mickey, it's very strange conduct on your part I must say, and not the way a gentle- man should act at all, leaving alone an Irish gentleman, who, as your poor father used to say, is the model of courtesy all the world over." "You'll drive me mad, mother," exclaimed Mickey. "Once for all, I'm master here, and I mean to show myself so. This cowardly vil- lain has insulted Brianna. I have avenged that insult in my own fashion. No more need be said." "But, sure, isn't Brianna with him now?" The loud reverberating clang of the great door rang suddenly through the house. Some one had evidently passed through, closing it violently. "Is that him—gone? And I never to say good-bye?" exclaimed Lady Skibbereen, and she rushed impetuously into the hall. No one was there. Mickey followed her, and laid his hand on her arm. "Go up to Brianna's room," he said, stern- ly, "See if she's there. And for God's sake don't worry her with questions! Come back and let me know. I'll wait here." Awed by his look and tone she went silently up the stairs. He stood by the fireplace look- ing down into the heart of the dull red em- bers. His face had the calm of death, but not its painlessness. It seemed a long time before Lady Skib- bereen returned. "She won't let me in. She was crying; I heard her. But nothing would induce her to open the door." Mickey raised his head. "Crying? Well, what of it? Women cry for so little." Yet the ache in his heart took the sharpness of a new pain as he turned silently away. "Indeed, it's a perfect Castle of Otranto with mysteries and quarrels, and one thing and another," exclaimed his mother, as she watched him move slowly down the hall. All his movements were slow now. A certain mechanical effort seemed to direct them. All physical energy was gone. She made one of her impetuous swoops in the direction of the drawing-room. "Come out, all of you!" she said. "We've had enough of ghosts and gloom and horrors. Let's make up the fire and sit in the hall and give ceremony the go-by! It doesn't seem to agree with any of us. Here, I'll ring for Murphy, and he shall bring up the punch bowl and we'll brew it ourselves and forget our troubles. Indeed, if I thought Mickey's home-coming was to be like this I'd have as lief had him postpone it. What's come to the men? I'm sure I don't know! Look even at Mr. Lorrimer! His face is as gloomy as a churchyard." Phil and Lady Farningham rose with alac- rity. The evening had certainly been most depressing, and Lorrimer was a perfect wet blanket overlying that depression. To ex- change the stiff gloomy drawing-room for the warm and familiar hall was a welcome relief. Equally welcome was the entrance of the footman with big silver bowl and tray of glasses, lemons and spirits necessary for the "brew" on whose manufacture their hostess specially prided herself. "Now, where's' that boy of mine gone?" she exclaimed as she began to ladle out the steaming beverage into the waiting tumblers. "Did anyone ever know the like of him? If these are all the manners he learnt in Paris, it's sorry I am he ever went there." "And where's Brianna?" exclaimed Ray. "Don't tell me she has eloped with Clive." "No, I can answer for that. She's in her room; suffering from lowness of spirits, too. But, indeed, I'm forgetting about her acci- dent in the storm. No wonder she's a little bit upset." "That was a horrid bruise on her fore- head," said Phil, suddenly. I had to do her hair! for her, and she complained of the pain. It didn't show much because I cut one lock of hair to cover it. It only made her look pret- tier." ''Yes, indeed. She's a rare beauty, is Bri- anna," exclaimed Lady Skibbereen, "and as good and honest a girl as ever drew breath. I'm as fond of her as if she was my own child. Only I wish she wouldn't be so mys- terious with herself. Mr. Lortimer, do go and find Mickey, will you? Tell him he's entirely neglecting the duties of hospitality, and we're all ashamed of him!" Lorrimer, nothing loth, put down his glass and left. He found Mickey in the library. He was standing in the middle of the room, his eyes fixed on a vacancy. He started vis- ibly as Lorrimer entered. "I've been sent to fetch you. They are all in the hall——" He paused and glanced round. "Has he gone—really?" "Yes. I wonder what happened?" "You've not seen Brianna?" "No, but I must. Things cannot rest as they are. Perhaps to-morrow——" He put his hand to his forehead in a vague uncertain way. Lorrimer sank into a chair. For the moment his errand was forgotten. "Tell me," said Mickey, hoarsely, "what the scene this afternoon conveyed to you." "You mean when he brought her home?" "Yes." Lorrimer averted his eyes. A spasm of pain shot across his usually impassive face. "I think," he said, in a low even tone, "you stand to her in place of guardian by virtue of all you have done for her in the past. Ask her—what happened." Mickey said nothing. Only he seated, him- self by the table and covered his eyes with his hands. Lorrimer glancing up at last saw that his teeth had clenched on his lower lip as if they would bite it through. "No," he said, hoarsely, and his hand fell and struck the table as if in utter helpless- ness, "I can't do that. She—she must speak herself." Lorrimer rose, and began to pace the room with restless strides. "It seems impossible that she can mean to marry him," he said. "Of course I can understand his eagerness. He wants a sub- ject for hypnotic experiments. She is an admirabie one. By marriage he can secure her legally. The question is, who can break the spell that binds her will to his?" "Only a man she loved," said Mickey, slow- ly." "But does she love, anyone? That is the question. I confess she has always given me the impression that all men are alike in- different to her. You, who know her so well, what is your opinion?" "I can form no opinion. It is long since I last saw her. I know nothing of her life or what friends she has made during that time. It doesn't seem very long, but time counts for so little when——" His voice broke. "You, Lorrimer," he said presently, "you —too, love her" "I have been fighting against it these two years. I would not acknowledge it. I—was afraid. It was the old story of position. My father is so proud, and I his only son. But I knew to-night that I had been a fool. You remember what Clive said: 'You have had your chances. Let him keep who—wins." "But, she—she?" repeated Mickey, rest- lessly. "I have never said a word that could be- tray myself. And she has always treated me with the same calm friendliness. Al- ways said that for her Art meant, and should be all. She is so utterly unlike other women." "That has not saved her," said Mickey, bit- terly. "What I read in her eyes to-night told me so much. It made me long to kill the brute who has made her suffer." "What can we do?" asked Lorrimer, help- lessly. "If he meant what he said he will marry, her, even against her will. And, oh, to think of the life." "Hush!" cried Mickey, stormily. "There must be a way out of it. There shall. She must be saved from such a fate. Think of her. Think of her beauty, her genius, her un- developed powers. God! it's maddening!" "Hark!" cried Lorrimer. "What's that?" It was a soft tap at the door. A voice, broken and entreating. "Mickey," it said. "Mickey, are you there?" He started to his feet, and the blood rushed in a warm torrent to his face. He was at the door ere the soft voice ceased its plaintive questioning. He threw it open, and Brianna entered. She wore still the white gown, but her long hair was unloosed, and hung in wavy ripples to her feet. Her face was colourless, and her eyes had the spent and woeful look of one weary with weeping. When she saw Lorrimer she started, and a faint colour swept her cheeks. "I wanted to see Mickey," she faltered. "I—I am just going," Lorrimer answered: and he crossed to the door. He closed it, and went slowly away. The noise of voices in the hall broke on his ears, and reminded him of an unfulfilled mis- sion. "I must tell them I could not find Mickey," he thought, "and then keep them away from —there." He looked at the closed door of the library. As he looked he heard the sound of a key turned in the lock. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 