CHAPTER XII THEY BOTH HAVE THEIR SECRETS. The time came when PInnie could mart vound the house, and lie fretted not a lit tle as to his future course. It never occurred to him, or his friends, that he would return to the school. At that institution there was little change. The Tiger never inquired for the boy, he may possibly have known— the means of knowing- such things at the com mand of this wealthy Spaniard were far greater than that possessed by the city secret service; and it was on exceedingly curious fact— as stated by the chief of police — that Spanero had gone on to the Chamber of Commerce once, as a total, stranger, and made a small fortune. He sold 'futures' in consols. TUree days after, a sailing packet oame with the news that consols had drop ped to such an extant that Spanero reaped a great harvest. It was secretly understood that iu some way Spauero was interested in certain foreign governmental affairs, but not the slightest clue could be obtained as to the nature of this interest. These weeks were not without events. The man who kept the restaurant from whence the Tiger's moals were brought, had a little private office in the rear corner. . This small room was noticeable on account of its bareness, the furniture consisting of two fragmentary chairs. And that was all. The walls were not plastered, but ceiled. It had but one window, and that was un usually high and small. If there were any place to store things in this little den it must have been in tha wall by secret panel, for not even a box rested upon the floor. There was a door leading into tho restaur ant, and auother opening to the alley at the rear. These doors are trimmed with spring locks, both opening from within. The restaurant was peculiar in that it did not seem to have, nor seek, a regular custom. Very few who dropped in accidentally re peated the accident. Thero was a waiter and he was deaf. The cook room was a rear room in the next building, connected by a swing door. This side of the square ex tended into the disreputable district, a sort of thieves' quarters. Every city has such sections, and usually in doss proximity to the respeotable city. In this building a part of the history we are narrating trauspires. Atl o'clock in the morning, two ot the most interesting characters it will ever be our misfortune to meet occupy the grimy aud insecure chairs mentioned as the furnituro of the private room. One of these was the proprietor of the restaurant His round, lumpy bead and high bare forehead were surmounted with a closely cropped covering of bair— a style not at all in vogue at that time. This mau was probably forty-five years of age. The face was broad aud brown, leathery, and lines rather than wrinkles crossed it, out lines of passion aud sensuality. But his mouth was not thick aud animal, on the contrary it was thin, somewhat broad, and intensely determined. If the reader has in mind a picture of Spaaero, let this individ ual be the contrary in feature. He was un der night, but stoutly built. His clothing was of dark gray stuff, old and greasy, and his hands clumsy and repulsive. He was a powerful man and a chai- acter. A candle was Saving in the room on a chimney cornice, and cast an unhealthy and unfavorable light upon this person and his companion. The latter was gaunt, tall and angular. Chest sunken, bald ' head, always covered by a consumptive-looking old wreck of a cap; he was of ashen-gray countenance, large, red-streaked eyes. When ho moved, his limbs moved only. His nose was slight ly Romanized, aud his teeth were waiting for the dentist of the future. He was' a spare, repulsive-looking creature, whbm'ydu would rather not meet in the night without your club and a reliable dog. And yet, when he spoke, you listened to a soft, kindly voice— a voice which you would say you had heard before; and you would ransack memory to find the owner of the original — among all the gentlemen you had met in the past. On his feet were sheep skin shoes, with wool left on the bottoms. The gaunt, thin-faced man had a bad, graveyard cough. 'I dnnna see, Stub, what ye do wi' that cough whin ye're oot, mouf ' said the short man, whose name, so far as Boston culture could inform us, was 'Spoters.' f'What would I be doing with anything that I didn't want!' 'Whut wud uuy mon be doon wi1 it— wha, man, yud shut it up.' 'Yes, I do shut it up— and with this!' said Stub, his lank face and large eyes aglow as he brought forth a email vial filled with pellets. 'Us whut mut it be thut ?' asked Bpeters. 'That is the God that I worship. I am safe when that is with me, and in dauger when it is not.' 'Un it doon't luk like opum.' 'But it comes from opium,' replied Stub, 'so they tell me, and it works mighty quick, too, for in ten minutes I feel it tingle, and in twenty it puts iron in my blood.' 'But, mon, it will kill thoo.' : 'Can't do it too soon, Spetere, I would not mind that, but the ghosts while I livel' 'You're oraoken in yor ooper story— un you better luve it aloon.' VI believe you, Speters. I met a pair of lovers tha other night, mid iu my mind was ' a dream ot 'what took my child from me. , years ago— and I looked up, aud sure cnoiigh * there was my child what was drowned— as ' big as life, just as I dreamed.' 'Thut shoos thut ye wout last much long- . er.' 'Your right again, for, upon my soul. I saw before mo my own picture, as 1 was a' squid hanging to my mother's apron strings' in old Cambridge.' ?'Yudid? And whut did ya say to yer Belff asked Spoters, with a grin which call ed up the idea of a graveyard. 'I didn't say a word to myself. I looked at myself and myself looked at me I and upon mysiiul if myself didn't faiut away!' 'Uu wedoon't blame myself for that,' sug gested Speters. - 'js another moment the two men webb ?; digging in a passageway toe direc tion OF WHICU WAS TOWARD THE FOUND ATION OF THE 'SCHOOL BUILDING.' ' 'But what had I to do with it? If it was a lad, why 6hould he tumble over!' 'Sure an' wouldn't yerdooty loll a man at close quarters?' Stub opened his thin jaws and took a pill into his mouth, and smacked his lips. 'It was a ghost, Speters— I know them, there was no one there.' 'An' yur not afraid uv umf 'Afraid, man? Why man, what cares a man who has nothing to live for? Live for what I get! Ko, Speten, no, there is no , fear to a man who don't care when he tutn bles-off the wharf.' 'AVhy don't you tumble yourself off?' said Speters. 'Because I haven't killed a Spaniard yet!' replied Stub. 'Hev a care, Stub,' said the other, with a heavy frown. 'Hev a care about the Spun yard. Our mon be a Spunyard.' 'And I knew that, too — or I wouldn't have been here.' And so the interesting twain sat and talk ed for a quarter of an hour longer. It is not hard to see that Stub has been a man of parts. His language has hut a slight mix ture of dialect, and even at this time accent aud pronunciation pointed to no inconsider able culture. The thieves vocabulary had not yet been invented. But the language of Speters was still more of a puzzle — simply because bis dialect was strained, and evi dently a poor attempt to -reach the North England typo. With all the depravity evi dent in the make up of Stub, there was no question but that Speters was the most des perate villain of the two. A peculiar knock was heard on the outer door, a key was thrust into the lock, and th» Tiger entered. He glanced at Stub a moment, and turn ing to Speters, said: 'Is this the man!' 'The man' had his cold, steel-gray eyes on tho Tiger. It was not tho glnnce that he had before cast upon a supposed ghost. It had something of strength in it. He took another pill. 'This is the mun,' replied Speters. 'Aud hns be done his work to-night?' 'Befoor we ahuswer thut, cap,' said the Bhort, stout villain, bringing his small, ser pent, eyes upon the Tiger, 'we will talk uv soomthing ulse.' 'Well, talk of what you want to, but get off from that brogue nnd do your practicing on tho dovil.' 'That is all right, sir; but that is not what I havo to j*y,' returned the villain, changing his method of sjwech. 'If you have anything you wish to saybe fore this man; go ahead.' 'It is before this very man,' said Spetors, sullenly. Spauoro walked across the floor, a heavy j frown resting upon his face. 'Drive on,' he j muttered. I 'All I have to say is a devil of a little. I» ! is that we want to know the bilk in the j glitter for us.' | 'Havo you not been well paid for your '? services?' 'Noo, we ha' noot.' 'Don't you get this d— d croak's neit for nothing?' 6aid Spauero. j 'Whut o' that! Hev ye not crooked the ; bilk o' thousands bere theesel'?' I 'Do I not pay you well for running this cookshop?' 'An hev ye not yeroon spun in the dish!' 'Well, out with it, man,' sputtered Span ero, still walking back and forth. 'If you havo anything to say, let it out.' ere coop is busted next week, he will bev bis thoord, and me will hev my thoord, aud ye will hev yoor thoord— and that is all there be to it'' 'And if you don't get a fl' put note?' 'Then pard an' me won't divide it up wi' ye.' Spanero took this all very coolly. He waited a moment and then drew a silver mounted pistol from his side coat pocket one of the long-barreled, flintlock weapons — took his handkerchief and polished the barrel as he said: 'Speters, we will have no words about this jo- You will do as I direct, and no grumbl. 'i, either. If you make mo trouble ?I will put a bullet into your head, aud if you spout I will have you hung to the bridge within an hour by a mob— do you under stand?' 'No, I don't,' returned the other. 'Do you want me toexplanir' askedSpan ero, bringing the pistol to bear upon Spe ters' face. During this somewhat interesting proceed ing Stub, who apparently was not acquaint ed with Spauero, sat with his chin on his breast and his eyes closed. He did not raise bis lids even under tho inspiration of a possible row or eveu murder— such is a man nerism of the criminal class. Nor did Speters blink. In a cold, icy tone be replied : ' Spauero, if you play me foul, as you have auother, you will be shaken out in an hour and your rookeries burned to the ground. Put up that nonsense — I am not a' raid of ye.' 'This weayon, Speters, is quicker than a knife, and 1 propose to stop this grumbling at once and for all.' 'You do!' said Speters, sharply, 'Else there will be war between us.' 'Thou it will he war,' replied the thickset man carelessly, throwing one leg over the other. 'Speters is a beautiful name, isn't it? Now, you have not told this man hero your other name. He looks like a gentleman bo lide you, and I don't think you are a fit mat for him to associate with. Shall I introduce you to him?' 'Look out, Spaniard,' said toe villain arousing himself. 'You kill me, Spetors, at your leisure; and when I die a letter will be opened at po lice headquarters of this city which will set every one ot these cursed new-fangled tele graphs in motion. Do you know what they will say?' asked the Tiger, fastening his gray eyes on the leathery face before Mm. 'No. What's it allaboot, anyhow!' 'Well, it's about summoning every spy, detective and officer in this couniry to in stant duty,' 'It would!' 'And then a United States clipper cruiser would go to Frauce to warn the continent and England.' 'And what for?' 'To hang you,' said Spanero. The villain raised his eyes to the Span- iard's face, and they looked at each other steadily for a moment. Then Speters let fly a single word: 'Hell!' 'Yes, they want to find an assassin— one who kills princes and breaks up crown jew els—see?' ! Like a snake uncoiling after a fright, the tense muscles of Speters loosen and his knit : brow relaxes. Then he says moodily: 'What will they do with the principal in that little affair!' 'He will be dead. You will have killed him.' 'Spaniard, put up that pistol. Have your own way.' Spanero put it out of sight and moved to the door. 'Speters, Pinnie is still at the lawyer's house, I want either you or this man to cook him.' Spanero withdrew and closed the door; but immediately opened it again, thrust in his head and said: 'The notice has gone to headquarters that if Mr. North brings funds with him from Philadelphia be had better take it to his house, and keep the business office under full guard:' He then withdrew. Speters looked up and said: 'Stub, what makes your eyes so bright!' The fact was that Stub was sitting up as straight as a militia colonel, his eyes bril- liant and his cheeks aflame. 'It's the cough medicine!' 'Was there something abont Spanero that brought out the pills!' "'Yes,"replied Stub, 'But I don't know what it was.' 'Then you don't know this hell brat!' 'No.' 'It is well; but did you get into the house?' 'Yes. I entered two of the rooms.' 'You're a cat.' 'I inspected all the lighted rooms from the outside and from the projecting windows. Two of the dark rooms I entered by a large chimney, in which there had been no fires for a long time.' 'Wonderful! Did you locate the muni- ment room?' 'Yes, and can get Into it without breaking a wall or a lock.' 'Give it to us easy, Stub.' 'I' faith I speak the truth. I saw the keys taken from a panel when I was in the room.' 'The devil!" 'Yes,' said Stub, 'I stood in the fireplace, and, curse my miserable soul, if I didn't have to hustle to get there, when a fine old lady entered with a candle — and all that crowd in the other rooms, too.' 'Scraps!' ejaculated the other man. 'Yes, Speters, and, by the ragged St Francis, the old lady looked right at me, squarely— and she didn't know it— I didn't have my party clotlios on, you see.' 'She would have sworn she looked at the devil I' 'She unlocked a little panel in the old fashioned wainscotted wall, and took outthe keys. The jim end of my knife will force it, and there are but two doors to the vault. It is off from an old dining-room — used in the old Dutch days. But the most singular thing was what I saw in the crowd, through the windows— the young woman who was with my spook— the one that fainted away.' 'Spook?' asked Speter. 'Yes. The slimins with the big eyes. The other one of myself. 'Wonder if that spook isn't Pinnie?' 'Tho chap what the boss wanted us to put under cover!' 'That's the chick, Stub.' 'Well this fellow will not go under sod again— not until I go!' 'Well, let us go hence,' said Speters, suddenly changing the subject. Without a word tho two men passed out into the restaurant room. They silently wended their way behind a liquor counter, lifted a trap door, and, in the darkness, si lently dropped to the cellar below. Without stumbling over any of the nu- merous kegs and casks, the villainous twain made their way to the corner of the cellar, directly under the private room they had re- cently left. Speters scratched one of the then recently invented lucifer matches, and lighted two bull's-eye oil lanterns. In another moment the two men were dig ging in a passageway, the direction of which was toward the foundations of the 'school building.' The corner of the brick work of that inte rior building was, perhaps, 150 feet away from the rear of the restaurant, and in that interior structure, on the first floor, was the vault or the treasure room of Spanoro. Upon the outside was but a blank null up to the fourth floor, and then a single window mark ed the place where the Spanish artist's private room was, adjoining his office And here we leave the precious twain to their dark work— in which the Tiger was probably not a partner. CHAPTER XIII. ROPE LIGHTLY, AND MAY GOD STAY BY YOU. One day Conrad North stepped quietly into his mother's "work-room," at an unusual hour for one so full of business. 'Who gave you permission to come in here, sirrah*' said the parent. 'I come, demanding a surrender of this castle.' 'To whom!' 'To the invader.' 'Do you come peaceably!' she asked, pointing a cambric needle at the intruder. 'Well, mother,' he replied in a low tone, 'send your garrison away. I wish to talk to you alone.' So 'Milly,' the maid, capit ulated and withdrew, and then the young man began his conversation by kicking over the work-basket full of buttons and things. 'I have been thinking a great deal about Miss Lamont,' he said. 'I suppose I think too much about her. Have you any remedy for such a complaint?' 'I know of none, except to get better ac quainted with her and find out that she is mortal, like the rest of us, my son.' 'But how can I properly pursue an object with which I never came in contact? Can we bring her within our circle?' 'Our circle, my son, would not receive her, not at present— though she Is doubtless every way worthy of admission.' 'No,' said Conrad, reflectively, 'the Ri- ders, the Plumbs, the Snapdragons, the Ar- temisia Ambrosiafolias etc., etc., would take pains to snub her.' ' Conrad,' said his mother slowly, 'why do you wish to become further acquainted with her.' 'Well, mother, I may as well make a clean breast of it. I am not satisfied but that I love the girl. I want to be sensible about it, but I never can conquer this looking for her, longing for her, until I meet her, and find that my measures of her virtues and genius are a myth of the brain.' 'Or heart,' suggested Mrs. North. 'Or heart. ' 'Well, Conrad?' 'Why, then I love her, and I may as well surrender. Is it not so!' 'But, my son, if she is worthy of you, be ing apparently a poor, but beautiful waif, struggling for better things, perhaps a high- er life, she will not permit you to win her; at least not under present circumstances. And if she have not that better sense— of justice, to you, then she is not worthy.' TO BE CONTINUED 