T iSIIEl Iflaslml Bridal. By Mbs. G. Sheldon, Authoress of "Dorothy's Jewels." CHAPTER XXXVIII— (Coxtixued). An hour passed, during which Mrs Goddard lay where she had fallen and almost benumbed by her misery. Then there came a knock upon her door, which was immediately opened, and Mr Goddard entered the room. lie was still very pale, but grave and solf-contained. ' The woman started to a sitting posture, exclaiming in an unnatural voice — " What do you want here 1" " I have come, Anna, to talk over with you the events of the morning — to ask you to try and control yourself, and look at our peculiar situation with calmness and practical common sense," he calmly replied. "Weill" was all the response she vouchsafed, as he paused an instant. " I have not come to offer any excuse for myself, or for what you overheard this morning,"' he thoughtfully resumed ; " indeed I have none to offer— my whole life, I own, has, as Isabel lightly said, been a failure thus far, and no one save myself is to blame for the fact. Do not sneer, Anna," he interposed, as her lips curled back from her dazzling teeth, which he saw very tightly locked with the effort she was making at self-control. " I have been thoroughly humiliated for the iirst time iu my life— I have been made to see myself as 1 am, and I have reached a point where I am willing to make an effort to atone, as far as may bo, for some of the wrongs of which I have been guilty. Will you help me, Anna !" Again he paused, but this time his companion did not deign to avail herself of the opportunity to reply, if indeed she was able to do so. She had not once removed her glitter ing eyes from his face, and her steady, inscrutable look, gave him an uncanny "sensation that was anything but agree able. " I have come io propose that we avail ourselves cf the only remedy that seems practicable to relieve our peculiar situa tion," he continued, seeing she was waiting for him to go on. "1 will apply to have the tie which binds me to Isabel annulled, with all possible secrecy— it can be done in' the We3t without any notoriety ; then I will make you my legal wife, as you have so often asked me to do, and we will go abroad again, where we will try to live out the remainder of our lives to some better purpose than ws have done heretofore. I ask you again, will you try to help me 1 It is not going to be an easy tiling at first ; but if each will try, for the sake of the other, 1 believe we can yet attain comparative content if not positive happiness." ' ' Content / happiness ! " The words were hissed out with a \- fierceness of passion that startled him, and caused him to regard her anxiously. "Happiness!" she repeated. "Ha! ha ! what mockery in the sound of that \- word from your lips, after what has occurred to-day !" "I know that you have cause to be both grieved and angry, Anna," said Gerald Goddard, humbly; "but let us both put the past behind us— let us wipe out all old scores, and from this day begin a new life." " ' Begin a now life ' upon a heap of ashes, without one spark among them to ignite the smallest flame !" was the mock ing rejoinder. Then, with a burst- of agouy, she continued : " Oh, God ! if you had taken a dagger and stabbed me to death in that room to-day, you could not have slain me more effectually than by the words you have uttered. Begin a new life with you , after yonr confessions, your pleadings, and protestations to Isabel Stewart Haven ! Never' I hate you ! hate you J hate you ' with all the strength of my Italian blood, and warn you beware / And now, begone !" The woman looked like a maniac, as she poured this wild torrent upon him, and the man saw that she was in no mood to be reasoned with or to consider any subject ; that it would he wiser to wait until the fierceness of her anger had spent itself. He had broached the matter of their future, relations, thus giving her some thing to think of, and now he would leave her to meditate upon it by herself ; perhaps, in a few days, she would be in a more reasonable frame of mind, and look at the subject from a different point of view. "Very well, Anna," he said, as he arose, "I will obey yon. I do not pretend to claim that I have not given you cause to feci aggrieved in many respects ; but, as I have already said, that is past. I simply ask you to do what J also will do —put all the old life behind us, and begin over again. I realise that we cannot discuss the question to any purpose now — we are both too wrought up to think or talk, calmly, so I will leave .. you to rest, and we will speak of tliis at another time. Can I do anything for you before I go 1 or perhaps you would like your maid sent to you ?" "No," she said briefly, and not once having removed her wild eyes from his lace while he was speaking. He bowed, and passed out of the room, softly shutting the door after him, then walked slowly down the hall to his own apartment. The moment he wa3 gone Anna Goddard sprang like a cat to her feet. Going to her writing- desk she dashed off a few lines, which she hastily folded snd slipped into an envelope, which she sealed and addressed. She then touched the electric button above her desk to summon her maid, after which she sat motionless, with the missive clasped in her hands until the girl appeared. " Dress vourself for the street. Mar v. and take this note to Air Clayton's office. Be quick about it, for it is a matter of importance," she commanded, while she forced herself to speak with outward calmnesB. But Mary regarded her mistress with wonder, for, in all her " tantrums," as she termed them, she had never seen the awful look upon her face which was stamped upon it at that moment. But she took the note without comment, and hastened away upon her errand, while Mrs Goddard, throwing herself back in her chair, sat there waiting with an air of expectation that betrayed she was looking for the appearance of some pno. i : 1 Half an hour later a gentleman . was t Jniitted to the house,- and was shown Ji:ectly up to "my lady's boudoir. CHAPTER XXXIX. RECORDS SOME STARTLING DEVELOPMENTS. The gentleman caller referred to in the lust chapter, was cloBeted with Mrs Coddard for fully two hours, when he quietly left the house. A ffew minutes later, however, he re turned, accompanied by two other men — clerks from a neighbouring drug store — whom ho admitted with a latch-key, and then conducted them up to Mrs Goddard's boudoir. The strangers did not remain long — whatever their errand, it was soon Gninhed, and they departed as silently as they had come Mr Clayton remained some time longer, conversing with the mistress of the house, but their business being finally concluded, he also went away, bearing a package of papers with him. Emil Corrclli returned just in season for dinner, which, however he was obliged to partake of alone, as Mr and Mrs Goddard did not make their appear ance at the table. The young man paid slight heed to ceremony, but, after eating a hasty meal, sought his sister and informed her that he was going to start for Hew York on the late evening train. The woman gave him one wild, startled glance, and seemed strangely agitated for a moment over his announcement-. Ho could not fail to notice her emotion, and that she was exceedingly pale. " You look like a ghost, Anna," he re marked, as he searched her face with some anxiety. " What is the matter with you 1 I fear you are going to be ill." ' ' I am ill," she said, in a hoarse, un natural tone. ".Then let me call you physician," said her brother, eagerly, "I am going out immediately, and will leave a message for him." " Xo— no," she nervously replied 5 then with a hollow laugh, that smote heavily upon her companion's heart, she added ; My case is beyond the reach of Doctor Hunt or any other physician." "Anna, have you been quarrelling with Gerald again?" " Yes," was the brief response. " Well, of course I can understand that BUch matters are beyond the skill of any physician," said the young man, with a half-impatient shrug o: his shoulders ; " neither have I any business to interfere between you," he added ; " but my advice to you would be to make it up as soon as possible, and then try to live peacefully in the future. I do not like to leave you looking so white and miserable, but I must go. Take good care of your self, and I shall hope to find you better and happier when I return." He bent down to give her a farewell caress, and was amazed by the passion she manifested in returning it. She threw her arms around his neck and held him in a convulsive embrace, while she quivered from head to foot with repressed emotion. She did not utter one word of farewell, but a wild sob burnt from her ; then, as if she could bear no more, she pushed him from her and rushed into her chamber, shutting and locking the door behind her. Emil Correlli left the boudoir, a puzzled expression on his handsome face ; for, although his sister was subject to strange attacks, he had never seen her like this before. " Anna will come to grief some day with that cursed temper of hern," he muttered, as he went to his room to pack his portmanteau, bat he was too intent upon his own affairs to dwell long upon even the trouble of his sister, and a couple of hours later was on his way to New York, to begin his search for his runaway bride. The next morning Mrs Goddard was " too iil to rise," she told her maid, when she came at the usual hour to her door. She would not admit her, but sent word by her to her husband that she could not join him at breakfast. He went up, later, to see if she would allow him to call a physician for her, but she would not see him, simply telling him she " would do well enough without advice— all she needed was rest, and she did not wish to be disturbed by any one until she rang." Feeling deeply disappointed and do- pressed, by her unusual obstinacy, the wretched man went down stairs, and shut himself into the library, where he remained all day, while there was such a loneliness and desolateness about the house that even the servants appeared to feel it, and went about with solemn faces and almost stealthy steps. Could any one have looked behind those closed doors he could not have failed to have experienced a pity for the man ; for if ever a human soul wont down into the valley of humiliation, Gerald Goddard sounded its uttermost depths, while he battled alone with all the powers of evil that beset hiB soul. When night came he was utterly ex hausted, and sought his couch, looking at least ten years older than he had appeared forty-eight hours previous. He slept heavify and dreamlessly, and did not awake until late, when an impera tive knock upon the door and a voice, calling in distress, caused him to spring suddenly from his bed, and impressed him with a sense of impending evil. " What is it, Mary ?" he inquired, upon recognising the voice of his wife's maid. " Oh, sir 1 Come 1 — come to madame ; she is very ill 1" cried the girl in a frightened tone. "I will be there immediately.. Send James for the doctor, and then go back to her," commanded her master, as he hurriedly began to dress. Five minutes later he was in his wife's room to find her lying upon the lounge, just as'he had seen her thirty-six hours previous. It was evident that she had not been in bed at all for two nights, for she still had on the same dress that she had worn at the Copley Square Hotel. But the shadow of death was on her white face ; her eyes were glazed, and though only partially closed, it was evi dent that she saw nothing. She was still breathing, but faintly and irregularly. Her hands were icy cold, and at the base of the nails there was the unmistakable tint that indicated approaching dissolution. Gerald Goddard was shocked beyond measure to find her thus, but he rose to the occasion. With his own hands and the assis tance of the maid, he removed her cloth ing, then wrapped her in blankets and put her in bed, when he called for hot water bottles to place around her, hoping thus by artificial heat to quicken the sluggish circulation and her failing pnlses. But, apparently, there was no change in her, and when the physician came and made his examination, he told them plainly that "no effort could avail — it was a case of sudden heart failure, and the end was but a question of moments." Mr Goddard was horrified and stricken with remorse at this hopeless verdict, for it seemed to him that he was in a measure accountable for the- untimely shock which WA3 fast depriving of life this woman who had loved him so passionately, though unwisely. He put his lips to her ear and called hex by name. "Annal Anna! You must try to aro axe yourself," ho cried, in a voice of agony. At first the appeal seemed to produce no effect, but after several attempts he thought he detected a gleam of intelli gence in the almost sightless eyes;, while the cold fingers resting on his hand made an effort to close over his. These slight sounds convinced him that though she was past the power of speech, 8h_e yet knew him and clung to him, in spite of the clutch which the relentless enemy of all mankind had laid upon her. "Doctor, she knows me I" he'exclaimed. " Pray give her some stimulant to arouse her dormant faculties, if only for a mo ment." " I fear it will be of no use," the phy sician replied, " but I will try." He hurriedly prepared and administered a powerful restorative ; then they waited with breathless interest for several mo ments for some sign of improvement. It came at last : she began to breathe a trifle more regularly ; the set features became a little less rigid, and the pulse a shade stronger, until finally the white lids were lifted and the dying woman turned her eyes with a pitiful expression of appeal upon the man whom, even in death, she still adored. " Leave us alone I" commanded Gerald Goddard, in a hoarse whisper, and phy sician and servants stole noiselessly from the room. " Anna, you know me — you understand what I am saying?" the wretched man then questioned. A slight pressure from the cold fingers was the only reply. " You know that you are dying?" he pursued. Again that faint sigh of assent. " Then, dear, let us. be at peaco before you go," he pleaded, gently. My soul bows in humiliation and remorse before you ; for. years I have wronged you. I wronged you in those first days in Rome. I have no excuse to offer. I simply tell you that my spirit is crushed within me as I look bach and realize all that 1 am accountable for. I would have been glad to atone, as far as was in my power, could you have lived to share my future. Give me some sign of forgiveness to tell me that you retract those last bitter words of hate — to let me feel that in this final moment we part in peace." At his pleading a look of agony dawned in the woman's failing eyes — a look so pitiful in its yearning and despair that the Btrong man broke down and Bobbed from sorrow and contrition ; but the sign he had begged for was not given. " Oh, Anna 1 pray show me, in some way that ycu will not die hating me," he pleaded. " Forgive — oh, forgive I" _ At those last words those almost pal sied fingers closed convulsively over his ; the look of agony in those dusky orbs was superseded by one of adoration and tenderness; a faint expression of some thing like peace crept into the tense lines about the drawn mouth, and the repen tant watcher knew that she would not go out into the great unknown bearing in her heart a relentless hatred against him. That effort was the last flicker of the expiring flame, for the white lids drooped over the dark eyes ; the cold fingers re laxed their hold, and Gerald Goddard knew the end had almost come. B e touched the bell, and the physician almost instantly re-entered the room. " It is almost over," he remarked, as he went to the bedside, and his practised hand sought her pulse. Even as he spoke, her chest heaved once— then again, and all was still. Who shall describe the misery that surged over Gerald Goddard's soul a3 he looked upon the still form and realised that the grandly beautiful woman, who fcr twenty years had reigned over his home, was no more? that never again would he hear her voice, either in words of fond adoration or in passionate anger ; never see her again, arrayed in the costly apparel and gleaming jewels which she so loved, mingling with the gay people of the world, or graciously entertaining guests at her own house ? He felt almost like a murderer, for, in spite of Dr. Hunt's verdict that she had died of "sudden heart failure," ho feared that the poor woman had been so crushed by what she had overheard in Isabel Stewart's apartments that she bad volun tarily ended her life. It was only a dim suspicion — a vague impression, for - there was not the slightest evidence of anything of the kind, and he would never dare to give voice to it to any human being ; never theless, it pressed heavily upon his aonl with a sense of guilt that was almost in tolerable. A message was immediately sent flying over the wires to New York to inform Emil Correlli of the sad news, and eight hours later, he was back in Boston crushed for the time by the loss of the sister for whom - he entertained perhaps the purest love of which his selfish heart was capable of experiencing. We will not dwell upon the harrowing events of the next few days. Suffice it to say that society, or that portion of it that had known the brilliant Mrs Goddard, was greatly shocked by the sudden death of one of its "brightest ornaments," and gracefully mourned her by covering her costly casket with choicest flowers ; then closed up its ranks and went its way trying to forget the pale charger which they knew would come again and again upon its grim errand. The day following Anna Goddard's interment in ForeBt Hill Cemetery Mr Goddard and his brother-in-law were waited upon by the well-known lawyer, Arthur Clayton, who informed them that he had an important communication to make to them. "Two days previous to her death 1 received this note from Mrs Goddard," he remarked, at the same time handing a daintily perfumed missive to the elder gentleman. " In it you will observe that she asks me to come to her immediately. 1 obeyed her, and found her looking very ill, and seemingly greatly distressed in body and mind. She told me she was impressed that she had not long to live — that she had an affection of the heart that warned her" to put her affairs in order. She desired me to draw up a will at once, according to her instructions, and have it signed and witnessed before I left the house. 'C.I did so, calling in at her request two witnesses from a neigh boring drug store, after which she gave the will into my keeping, to be retained until her death. This is the document, gentlemen," heYemarked, in 'conclusion, "and here, also, is another communica tion, which she wrote herself, and directed me to hand it to ycu, sir." He arose and passed both the will and the . letter to Mr Goddard, who had seemed greatly agitated while he was speaking. lie simply took the letter, remarking : "Since yon are already acquainted with the contents of the will, sir, will you kindly read it aloud in onr presence ?" Air Clayton flushed slightly as he bowed acquiescence. - The document proved to be very short and to the point, and bequeathed every thing that the - woman had possessed— " excepting what the law would allow as Gerald Goddard's right " — to her beloved brother, Emile Correlli, who. was re quested to pay to the servants certain amounts which she named. That was all, and- Air Goddard knew that in the heat of her anger against him Bhe had made this rash disposition of her property — as she had the right to do, since it had all been settled upon her— to be revenged upon him by leaving him entirely dependent upon hiB. own re sources. At first he experienced a. severe shock at her act, for the thought'of poverty was anything but agreeable to him. He had lived a life of idleness and pleasure for so many years that it would not he an easy matter for him to give up the many luxuries to which he had been- accustomed without a thought or care concerning their coat. But after the first feeling of dismay, had passed, a- sense of relief took posses sion of him ; for, with his suspicions regarding the cause of Anna's death, he could never have known one moment of comfort in living upon her fortune, even had she left it unreservedly to him rather than to her brother. Emile Correlli was made sole executor of the estate ; and, as there wa3 nothing further for Air Clayton to do after read ing the will, he quietly took hi3 depar ture, leaving the two men to discuBS it at their leisure. CHAPTER XL. "you will vacate these premises at your earliest convenience" " Well, Gerald, -I must confess this is rather tough on you 1" Monsieur Correlli remarked, in a voice of undis guised astonishment, as soon as the lawyer disappeared. " I call it down right shabby of Anna to have left you so in the lurch. "It does not matter," returned' the elder man, but somewhat coldly ; for, despite his feeling of relief over the disposition of her property, he experienced a tinge of jealousy towards the more fortunate heir, whoso pity was ex cessively galling to him under the circum stances. Although the two men had quarreled just before Monsieur Correlli's departure for New York, all ill- feeling had been ignored in view of their common loss and sorrow, and each had conducted himself with a courteous bearing toward the other during the last few days. " What in the world do you suppose possessed her to make such a will ?" the young man inquired, while he searched his companion's face with keen scrutiny. "And how strange that she should have imagined all of a sudden that she was going to die, and so put her affairs in order 1" Air Goddard saw that lie had no suspicion of the real state of things, and he had no intention of betraying any secrets if he could avoid doing so. No one — not even her own brother — should ever know that Anna had not been his wife. He would do what he could to shield her memory from every reproach, and no one should ever dream that — he could not divest himself of the suspicion— she had died wilfully. Therefore, he replied with apparent frankness : " I think I can explain why she did so. On the day of our return from Wyoming, Anna and I had a more serious quarrel than usual ; I never saw her so angry as she was at that time ; she even went so far as to tell me that she hated me ; and so, I presume, in the heat of her anger, she resolved to cut me off with the proverbial shilling to he revenged upon me." "Well, she lias done so with a ven geance," muttered his brother-in-law. " I went to her afterward and tried to make it up," hi3 - companion resumed, "but she would: have nothing to say to me.- She wa3 looking very ill, also, and when the next morning she sent me word that she was not able to join me at break fast, I went again to her door- and begged her to allow me to send for Doctor Hunt, but she would not even admit me." " What was this quarrel about ?" " Oh, almost all our quarrels have been about a certain document which has long , been a bone of contention between us, 1 and this one was an outgrowth from the same subject." "Was that document a certificate of marriage 9" craftily inquired Emil Cor relli. "Yes." " Gerald, were you ever really, married to Anna ? " demanded the young man, bending towards him with an eager look. His companion flushed hotly at the question, and yet it assured him that he did not really know just what relations his sister had sustained towards him. " Isn't .that a very singular question, Emil ? " he inquired, with a cool dignity that waB very effective. " What led you to ask it ? " " Something that Anna herself once said to me suggested the thought," Emil replied. "I know, of course, the cir cumstances of your early attachment — that for her you left another woman whom you had taken to Rome. 1 once asked Anna the same question, but she would not answer me directly — she evaded mo in a way to confirm my sus picions rather than to allay them. And now this will — it seems very strange that she should have made it if—" "Pray, Emil, do not distress yourself over anything so absurd," coldly inter posed Gerald Goddard, but with almost hueless lips- " However, if you continue to entertain doubts upon the subject, you have but to go to the Church of the — the next time you visit Rome, ask to see the records for the year 18 — , and you will find the marriage of your sister ;,duly recorded there." " I beg your pardon," apologised the doubter, now fully reassured by the above shrewdly fashioned answer, "but Anna was always so infernally jealous of you, and made herself so wretched over the fear of losing your affection, that I could think of no other reason for her foolish ness. Now, about this will," he added, hastily changing the subject, and referring to the document. " 1 don't feel quite right to have all Anna's fortune, in addi tion to my own, and no doubt the poor girl Tiould have repented of her rash act if she could have lived long enough to get over her anger and realise what she was doing. I don't need the money, and, Gerald, I am willing to make over some thing to you, especially as I happen to know that you have sunk the most of your money in unfortunate speculations," the young man concluded, Air Goddard's sad, white face appealing to his generosity in spite of their recent difference. " Thank you, Emil," he quietly re plied, "but I cannot accept your very kind offer. Since it was Anna's wish that you should have her property, I prefer that the will should stand exactly as hes made it. I cannot take any of the money — not even what ' the law would allow,' in view of our relations to each other." Those last words were uttered in a tone of peculiar bitterness that caused Alon- sieur Correlli to regard him curiously. " Pray do not take it to heart like that, old boy," he said kindly, after a moment, "and let me persuade you to accept at least a few thousands. "- " Thank you, but I cannot. Please do not press the matter, for my decision is unalterable." "But how the deuce are you goin< to get along ?" questioned the young man. " I shall manage very well," was the grave rejoinder. " I have a few hundreds which will suffice for my present needs, and, if my hands have not lost their cun ning, I can abundantly provide for my future by means of my profession. By the way, what are your own plans ? if I may enquire." He concluded to change the subject. The young man. paled at the question, and an angry frown settled upon his brow. " I am going to return immediately to New York— I am bound to find that girl," ho Baid, with an air of sullen resolution. " Then you were not successful in your search," Mr Goddard remarked, dropping his lids to hide the flash of satisfaction that leaped into his eyes at the words. " No, and yes. - I found: out that' she- arrived-' safely: in New- York, where she was . met by a young lawyer— Royal Bryant by name — who immediately spi rited her away to some place after dodg ing; the policeman I had set on her track.; I surmise; that he has put her ii. the care of some of his; own friends. I went to him- and- demanded that he tell me where she: was, but I might just as well have tried to extract information from a stone as from - that astute disciple of the law. He finally intimated- that my room would be better than my. company, and that I might hear from him later on." " Ah ! he ha3 doubtless < taken her case in hand- she has chosen him as her attorney," Baid Air Goddard. " It looks like it," snapped the young . man ; " but he will not find it an easy matter to free her. from me ; the marriage was too public and too shrewdly man aged to be successfully contested." " It was the moBt shameful and das tardly piece of villainy that 1 ever heard of," exclaimed Gerald Goddard, indig nantly, " and " " And you evidently intend to take the girl s part against-me," sneered his. com panion, his anger blazing forth hotly. " If I remember rightly, you rather ad mired her yourself." I " I certainly did ; Bhe was one of the pureBt and sweetest girls I ever met," was the dignified reply.. "Emil, you have not a ghost of a chance of support ing your claim if the matter comes to trial, -and I beg that you will quietly relinquish it without litigation," he con cluded, appealingly. " Not if I know myself," was the defiant retort. " But that farce was no marriage." " All the requirements of the law were fulfilled, and 1 fancy that anyone who attempts to prove to the contrary will find himself in deeper water than- will be comfortable, in spite of your assertion that I ' have not a ghost of a chance.' " "Possibly, but I doubt it. All the same, I warn you, here and now, Cor relli, that I shall use what influence I have toward freeing that beautiful girl from your power," Mr Goddard affirmed, with an air of determination not to be mistaken. "Do you mean it — you will publicly appear against me if the matter goes into court ?" " I do." Tho young man appeared to bo in a white rage for a moment ; then, snapping his fingers defiantly in his companion's face, he cried ; "Do your worst ! I do not fear you ; you can prove nothing." " No, I have no absolute proof, but I can at least give the court the benefit of my suspicions and opinion." ' What 1 and compromise your dead wife before a scandal-loving public ? ' " Emil, if Anna could speak at this moment, I believe she would tell the truth herself, and save that innocent and lovely child from a fate which to her must seem worse than death," Mr Goddard solemnly asserted. " Thank you — you are, to say the least, not very flattering to me in your comparisons," angrily retorted Monsieur Correlli, as he sprang from hi3 chair and moved toward the door. He stopped as ho laid his hand upon the silver knob and turned a white, vin dictive face upon the other. "Well, then," he said, between his white, set teeth, " since you have deter mined to take this stand against mo, it will not be agreeable for us to meet as heretofore, and I feel compelled to ask you to vacate these premises at your very earliest convenience." " Yery well 1 I shall of course imme diately comply with your request. A few hours will suffice me to make the move you suggest," frigidly responded Gerald Goddard ; but he had grown ghastly white with wounded pride and anger at being thus ignominiously turned out of the house, whore for so many years he had reigned supreme. Emil Correlli bowed as he concluded, and left the room without a word in' reply. (To be Coniinued ). 