OUR SUNBEAM BOOKSHELF, f "Carrots," by Mrs: Molesworth. " ' Dave you been feeling neglected lately, you younger.ones? . .. ^. t> If so, I sliall make up for 'it to-day T>y tc-llmg you of a book—or rather a number of books—that I am sure you will like. Do you know I have been surprised to find in reading the lists of books you have j sent me how. few of you have read Airs. ; Molefcjrorth's books. The- children , in ,Uer stories are such real eliildifeii; and such dear children, that I am sure you will like to make friends _ with them. ' They are- very Er-gliBh, certainly, living a quieter life than you do in some' ways, for they live very much away from the grown- up. members of the family, but they are dears, and have such quaint-thoughts and plays and fancies that 1 am sure you. will love them—that is,' unless you are like a litfle girl in this very book, who said: "1 like stories Of naughty boys and girls best—very naughty boys and" girls.'' And even then ;;Mrs. Molesworth's boys and girls are naughty sometimes too, or they would hot be real, would they? Even' .Carrots, who is a dear, and really a goou boy, gets into scrapes; and if I could get bold of liis brother Maurice, I should shake him. What for? Read the story and see. I think Mrs. Molesworth's books should he read in winter, they are such cosy, homely books. You must not gallop through -tliem .just to-see "what comes next," but read them rather slowly and make friends, as J said, with the children in them. " k Mrs. Molesworth says something about story-books—old story-books'and new ones.' "Do you know how very few those books Were?" (She is speaking' of the story-books our grandmothers had.) "You may have ] heard it, but I scarcely fancy you have ever 'thought over the great difference between • yourselves and the long ago children in this respect. .Nowadays, when you have gal loped through all the brilliant blue and green and scarlet little volumes that have been given to you on.birthdays and Christ mas Days, you come with a melancholy face to your mother, and tell her you have "nothing to read." And then, most likely, when your mother goes to the library, she chooses a book fpr you out of the juvenile department, and when it is done you get another, till you hardly remember what you have read and what you haven't. But as for reading any hook twice over—that is never to he thought of. "Not so was it long ago. Not only had no children many books, hut everywhere children had the same! There was seldom any use in little friends lending to each other, for it was always the same thing over again—'Evenings at Home,' 'Sand ford and Merlon," 'Ornaments Discovered,' and so on. "You think, T daresay, that it must have been very stupid and tiresome, but I think you are in some ways mistaken. Children really read their hooks in those days; they put more of themselves into their'reading, so_ that, stupid as these quaint old stones might seem to you nowadays, tlfljy never seemed so then. What was wanting in them the children filled up outof their own fresh hearts and fancies, and however often they read and reread them they always found something new. They got to lenow the characters in their favourite stories like real friends, and would talk them over with their companions, and compare their opinions about them in a way that made each hook as good or better than a dozen." Jt is worth while to "really read" a good book in this way, and to talk it over—a silly hook that will not stand the test is not worth reading at all. 1 am sure you are all glad that you have so many nice books—but do not gallop through them, hut really read, or reading will do you more harm than good. Here is a list of some of Mrs. Moles worth's books:—"A Christmas Child," "A Christinas Rosy," "Blanche,", "Carrots," "Just a Little Boy," "Carved Lions," "Children of the Castle," "Christmas Tree Land," "Earthings," "Four Ghost Stories." "Four Winds Farm," "Friendly Joey," "Grandmother Dear," "Herr Baby," "Hoodie," "Utile Miss Peggie," "Little Mother Bunch," "Mary," "Miss Mouse and her Boys,"''" My New Home," "Neigh hours," "Nurse Hcatherdale's Story," "Palace in the Garden," "Robin Red breast," "Rosy," "Shiela's Mystery," "Tel! Me a Story." "The Boys,and I," "The . Cuckoo Clock," "The Girls and I," "The Man w:th the Pan Pipes,"The Rectory Children," "The Red Grange," "The Tapestry Room," "Two Little Waifs," "Us: An Old Fashioned Stoi-v," and "White Turrets." There, you sec it is not her fault if you have "nothing to read" is. it? Now, how would it he if you always cut the "Bookshelf" out of the paper, wrote the date at the top, and then put them where you .could find them? You could always turn back to them then, if you for get what I have said, or anybody else has i said Two letters from old members th s week I am glad to say. Trixie Solomon, who, you will remember, sent me my fii-st Book shelf letter, is first again. She lias sent the first opinion on ."Uncle Tom's Cabin" for our discussion. Thank you, Trixie; if every \- one is as prompt the "Bookshelf" will get on famously. I hope you all remember that July 29 is the last day on which op:uions may he sent in. Sarah Webster, Walkerville, writes:— You told us a good deal about Miss Aleolt and lier books a little while baek. 1 have only road "Little Women" by her, and I liked ii very much, but I think when one knows something oboul the author that the interest in a book is greatly increased. Yon mentioned in answer to my letter that you thought it would be a good thing if I were to read something besides 6tories. It is very good of you to take sucli an interest, but I was rather at a loss to discover what kind of books you referred to. Would you mind just enlightening me a little further on the subject, please. 1 will read the book you recommend If ever I have the opportunity. B.v-the-way, I am afraid I have partly forgotten the title, and on looking up thai number of "The Journal," I found that' ir had been mislaid. Was it "The Life of Louisa M. Alcott," or "Louisa M: Alcott, Her Life, Letters, and Journal?" The full name of the book is "Louisa May Alcott, her Life and Letters, edited by Ednah D. Cheney." But if you ask for the "Life of Louisa -Alcott," any one would know what you meant. By "something be sides stories I meant biographies, travels, histories, essays, and so on—books which deal with facts—"truly stories," as the !ittle ones call them. Of course you may earn a good deal from some novels, his torical novels jxirticularly, but it is well to read something more substantial as Well, and as you 9ay that you "do not care to read anything that would not bene fit you, however interesting it may be," you should agree with me. Biography has this in common with fiction—it is the sto-*- of human lives, only it does not leave off with "married and lived happily ever after," but goes on to the end. Truth, tliev sav, is stranger "than fiction—it certainly is-often sadder, so biography should suit you, for yon like sad stories, if I remember rightly. "The Life of Sister Dora" is another book I think you would like. From what you say, I gather that you do hot belong to a circulating library. Next time you write, tell ihe what books you baVe.at your dis posal — poetry, essays, travels, biography, historjy and »o on/ and l 'will you furtber.;Let meaee^-most pMplemave Shakesp'eare/ JMiljtibii,'and Scottii.aYJ^t, among • j&ete; \- Lamb: and Addison, /among noatVMiOi - oumc wo«cu}' yi cviuc uw^vj /Marco' Pdlo" or^ "Warterton's " Wander-" ings:" biography,is not so generally repre sented, but liistory of some sort is gene rally to be found. Have a real nuhfc through your hookah elves and tell inje the result, and I will tell you which I ' -thiiik most suitable. ' ' Claxton-strcet, July 11. Dear Magpie—May I, too, join your Sunbeam Bookshelf? 1 ask tliis because I notice.that the •greater part of your correspondents are girls, the 1>oys no doubt thinking that they are not allowed to express their opinions, for surely they are not too lazy. Now, boys, here is .a eliancc to show whether. we arc a lazy set -or not. I, like the rest of your young friends, tliink the Bookshelf an excellent idea, one ' which" will not only providj interesting reading! but will help your readers to • read good books.- I, unlike-most boys, am not fond of reading tales - of adventure. Of course 1 have read books of. travel, including three books as prizes from ''Uncle Harry," and also a school prize for highest marks in 'arithme tic. ,' My. Sunbeam . prizes, are . lovely stories, namely,' "Tom Heriot," "On Board the Esme ralda," ."A Stout English Bowman," the school prize being "The * Life " of President Lincoln," by the author'of "From Log Cabin to AVhite House.!' 1.do.hot care mucli for! Rider Haggard's "She," while his "Beatrice*! is just beautiful. I also like Conan Doyle's' books. The best I have read are "The Sign of Four," *,'A Study in Scarlet," "The Adventures of Detective Sherlock Holmes.". Although A. E. Wilson is not one of ■my favourites, yet I liked very much her book "At the Mercy of Tiberius." Edna L.vall is really good, I think, especially in "We Two" and "Doreen." I have heard much about Mr. New land's "Paving the Way," and though the story is all about the cariy days, mostly around En counter Bay and Port Elliot (the town in which 1 live), I-am only in Adelaide for a holiday, yet I have not read it. As a writer of books for child ren I think Ethel Turner is one of the best, whose books "The Seven Little Australians" and "The Little Larrikin" are just excellent. Walter Bcsant's name is one which is widely known as an author of many and good books, among which I liked best '"Twas in Trafalgar Bay," "The Woman in White," and "The Haunted Hotel," by the one and same author, Wilkie Collins, are good. These are a few of the many I have yet read. Wouid you help me to change my authors, as a very dear friend of mine told me that I should read much different books to these, such as books about the lives of different men, &c.;, as they would be much help to me when I am older. As a help to you I must not omit to state I am only yet fourteen years. Hoping you will help and advise me, I must remain, your well wisher. HENRY S. GOLD1NG. I will help and advise you with very great pleasure. I certainly think a change of books would be good, my only fear is that you may think some of the books I advise dry, for vou have been going in for rather a sensational and romantic style — now, have you not? Still, I think you will like what J like, for "Tom Heriot" was a great ]>et- of mine. Your frieud was quite right, biography will be most useful to you, and interesting, too, if you read wisely. A dry biography is very dry, but a well-written one delightful. 1 think "The Life of Sir Henry Havelock," by Archibald Forbes, would he a good, one for you to read. I thought it simply'splendid. "Chinese Gor dop," by the same author, is also good, I Ijrflieve, though 1 have not read it. How yould it be for you to read Nausea's life, and 'then ''The First.Crossing of ^Green land," and then "Farthest North?" But I tell you what I think would be a good plan—write again, tell me what books you can get; but I fancy you subscribe to a circulating library, do you not? Tell me also what you mean to be when you grow up, and I will give you a list that will be really helpful. In the meantime, I want you to promise to give me your real opinion of the books I recommend. Some of Samuel Smiles's books would be helpful and interesting. Write again soon, I shail always be glad to hear from you. If you are not going to "swear off novels alto gether, try some of Sir Walter Scott's— say "Ivanlioe," "The Talisman," "Guy Malineving," or "Old Mortality." The Highlands, Wilmington. D.Mr Magpie—I have watched the progreSs o£ the Sunbeam Itookslieif with much interest, and now take the pleasure of joining in. 1 am fond of reading, and read a great deal. We subscribe to the Institute Library, and among the books we have taken out there are many 1 like. Among some 1 have read are M. E. Braddon's "Rupert Godwin" and "Joshua Haggard;" Edna Lymes "Hardv Norseman" and "Donovan; David Christie Murray's "Val Strange" and "Time s i, „■>> Mn, TV....!k. "Sionniiur Heaven Revenge;" Mrs. Prentiss, "Stepping Heaven ward;" Mrs. Henry Woods, "East Dyne;" Mark Twaili's "innocents Abroad;" Sir Walter Scott's "Quenline Durward" and "Ivanlioc;" Lord Dvtton's "Eugene Aram;" Mm. Worboise's 'Canuiibury Holt." I liked this book very much. The Lights on the Longships." These of Dickens:—"Pickwick Papers," "Oliver Twist," "A Christinas Carol." 1 do not care for them at all. Could you recommend some nice books to me. I think of all the authors 1 have read I like Miss Braddon and Mrs; Henry Wood. These last are rather sad in places, but end up happily. 1 should like to read some of Eilicl Turner's writings, as liiey seem 1o lie prime favourites, hut 1 have never had the opportunity as yet. Who arc your favourite authors? I will continue to correspond with you, and I wish you every success in your new achievement. I am an Asso ciate Sunbeam, and, of course, take interest in everything in connection with the Society. Witli kind regards, 1 remain, yours truly, MYRTLE 0. COLE. My favourite authors? This really is a difficult question—1 like so many. Still, though 1 like many modern writers—so many that I shall not say anything about them for fear of writing a whole catalogue. I am always true to my prime favourites— Dickens, Scott, Kingsley, and Thackeray. Addison, and Lamb (essays) I read over ami over again, also Oliver Wendell Holmes. I like some of Carl.rle. I find bin! stimu lating; and Buskin, who is pictui'esque, re fining, elevating, and aggravating—at least, to lfie. But that is enough about my likes and dislikes — you will hear more about them as the Bookshelf goes on. You want to hear of nice hooks—stories I suppose? And you do not like Dickens, but you like Mrs. Henry Wood? You like Edna L.vall too, I see. If you have not read all hers, I think you would like "Won by Waiting" and the "Knight Errant." I am fond of "In the Golden Days" and "To, Bight the Wrong;" but those are historical, and I fancv you like stories of domestic life and modem times. Dave you rend any of Char lotte M. Yonge's? I can recommend them. ' The Young Stepmother," or "Iffy lroung Alcides/' would suit you I fancy; but she has written plenty more. RosaNouchetto Carey, too, you would like, say "Uncle Max or ' Only the Governess." By all means "continue to correspond with hie;" take part, iu tlie;ai6cussions too,; and'try ui the plizfc competitions. •• ' . Noarlunga, Julv 10. Dear Magpie—I think It is very nice of'you to start a Bookshelf, and I wish you every success. I am very fond of reading, although X haven't got much time. I can't remember all the books I have read, hut can remember these that follow:—"Colonial Life and Christian Experi ence." That is a very nice hook, and it t ok me a long time to read it. I can't remember its author. "Robinson Crusoe" (read aloud), "Seven Little Australians;" I should like to read the sequel. "The Family at Misrule," Miss E. Turner's, hut it seems to be out every time we go. to the Library; "Little Faith," by the author of "Christie's Old Organ" (that is nice); "Prue's Father," by Ethel F.' Hcddle; "Susy's Flowers," I can't remember the author, but "it is a nice book; "Truth Tellers" anjl "Ailcen," by Laura ig Barter, I/tSshk this' Is alL I:^oul3 ;iike to .■ vead/^!Littleb Wbihen."/ I .3bt_ any | motto. ^ It would/, lie nice ;fo;VOtfe fit1*: Hit best motto, /as/you said 'at'firsE". AVisWngiybu etrery . regain, tyo'uts MINNA iMCRaS^ ■ >'. -'t^ You trill like "Little Women." • Surely It will be at your library? "The Eight .Cousins," also by Miss Alcotiy'you would dike too,-! thiukt; TYysome o£ Jlrs. Moles worth s bdokB and dell nie what you think "of them, y < ;. ' Stockport, July 13. Dear Magpie—t like your idea of the Bookshelf very -much, and I : think it. will be a .success. I would' like rreiy much to belong' to at,. as" I. am passionately fond of reading. I don't quite agree with you in .your opinion on Agusta Evans Wil son's books, as. I have read three df her -books— "St. Elmb,": "Inez," and "At the Mercy of Tiberus," and I liked them very much indeed. I have also read -■ ''Ouystabel," "A'ohly 'Bprn," 'kSingleliuret Manor," "Husbands and \vWcs," "Amy Wilton," "Married Life," "Millicent Kendrick," "Campion Court," "Brudenells of Brude," "-Hie .Unholy Wish;":'These are all by Emma Jane IVorboise, and I like tier books very much indeed. "Lady ^Adelaide," "East Lynne," "Bed Court Farm," \ "Roland Yorke," "Mrs. Haliburton's Troubles," by Mrs'. Hffiry Woods— I liked licrs very muclL." For Light and Liberty;'' and "The Heart of Man," by Silas Hocking; "Uncle Tom's Cabin," by Mis. Stowe; VSevcn Little Australians," "The Family at Misrule," and "The Little Larrikin," by E. Turner; "Little Women and Good Wives," by Miss Alcott; "Twice Tried," "Mark'Desborougli's Vow," "The: Strait'Eate," "Ursula Vivian," "Ursula Vivian's Stumbling Block," "by Annie Swan." I .have read a'-lot by Pansy, but I don't care much for lier books.- It would take me altogether too long to mention all the books 1 have read, hut the books I have mentioned J liked very much. I think that it is a very good plan to keep a list and put. down each book as it is read. But when I- begin to read a book, the worst of it is I never like to leave -it till I have finished it. I will now close, wishing the Bookshelf cVery success. I remain, yours sincerely, R. WUNNEN BEKG. P.S.—I also like Maud Jean. Franc's books. All I have read of hers were "Australia Tales." I enjov reading her boobs very much. —R.W. ' . „ 1 am glad you have opinions of your own and are "not, afraid to express them, though I still keep to mine of A. E. Wilson—per- - haps when you have read move'by other authors you'may see what I mean. So far you have read 15. J. Worboise, Mrs. Henry Wood, Silas Hocking, Miss Turner, Mrs. Stowe, Miss Alcott, and Annie Swan. Try some of Miss Yonge's.and, say, "The Hardy Norseman,' by Edna Lyall. You have read "Uncle Tom's Cabin," I see; send me an opinion on it next week. ? Remember, all of you, I want your "opinions" or "essays" lis; Friday, the 29th mst. You older ones might look un Mrs.: Stowe's "Life," and see how and why she wrote the book. If you can find anything about the abolition of slavery so much the better. MAGPIE. 