THE STRENGTH OF. TWO. ByESME STUART. of "Kestrel of Greystone" ALunel's Marriage," "A Aiinft 0£ Wealth." &c.; i / CHAPTER VII. . THE LAST CARD. The grim Keziah opened the door, a n d J o y stepped out. 'i'lie moon had not rieeiL but the air was crisp from the falling Irost. The stars shone like diamonds under a strong light. As Joy glanced up at them., they seemed to her to be like flashing eyes watching with scorn the da- Jugs of poor human beings, f "You'll kind your way to the front I suppose? And the turn into the path by the river—-you can't mistake it. Are you afraid?" 1 Joy could, almost hear the smile that passed over the grim face. "No; why should I be afraid?" she said, proudly. "Because they're all chicken-hearted folks" in the south." "(iood night," said Joy, hastening away into the darkness; for the thick, bare branches closed in above her, and the iirs and evergreens made a, thick curtain, veiling out the light of the stars. The front gate swung back as s h e pushed it, and with a sigh of relief the girl stepped out of the A3 oat House property. She could not heipremeaibering that when coming here Sir Ivor had opened the gate for her. Darkness was nothing when oae could be alone. Then she turned into the open country, and now she could see the stars in all their glory. Only the heavens were above her, and nothing came between her and the flashing star eyes. She drew her cloak more closely round her, ior the frost stung her, but it had also a bracing effect upon her. She would be strong, she thought; she would not be drawn into sharing these evil ideas. It seemed dreadful to be as old as Aunt Deborah, and yet to be still gloating over an old, long passed revenge—dreadfuL But in spite of it all she felt a strange sympathy attracting her towards this great-aunt. She was so strong in her weakness, so inde- . pendent. ....... The water of the nver gurgled and . .rippled near to Joy, noisily tumbling over -boulders, but then -all at once .it reached a deeper spot, and then hushed itself as if by magic into silence, j-t was like the old woman's life story, but there ought to be peace now, now at last. As for her- , self, she, Joy, was. not old—no, she was young and strong, yet troubles seemed' t» hedge her in on all sides. She must try to be stronger and. braver. _ Her father would not help her; Aunt Deb could not, for she did not understand what it was to be homeless and poor; but she, Joy, could at least preserve,, her own true, womanly, high-minded nature. "They can t* give me their evil thoughts," . she said softly to herself; "they can't do that." . Her father had gambled away all Ms property except a small annuity, which would have sufficed for their daily bread if he had chosen to live in a. country cottage, but it was with their poor annuity that he often gambled. "If I could take him right away from people who tempt him and draw him on," she thought, "I might do more; but what can do now but follow him? A girl can do so little against a man, and that man her father." At last she reached the stile leading into the Catlin-road, and not ten minutes walk from the hospitable Lapwing. Getting over the stile something dug itself into her flesh. She held up her hand to examine herwrist, and even in the dusk of this star-light 1 the diamond bracelet flashed forth. "Hateful thing," she thought, jumping down into the road. "How strange -thai some women care for £uch things. Aunt Deborah thought she would bribe me with .diamonds. Mother had none when she died. She told me once that her father took all she had from her and sold them.' The Catlin lights blinked forth how, .trying with the blinking of their yellow eves to rival the stars, but they failed signally. Then the lapwing came in sight, a big, old-fashioned house, with high gables and quaint nooks and corners. Some windows were all ablaze with light, but others were dark and siJent. . "Father will be expecting me," said Joy, . tiding $o_ cheat herself into the belief that -the only person with whom her life was ,ljnked cared for her presence, for young hearts yearn for affegtion, even when they can gel' but the'poorest sample of it. . AB she approached the inn Joy saw LeVerett standing talking to Ben, the head "boy" of. the J^apwing. He was about fif^y years old; and had strange ideas of' his own importance, thinking that on him depended everything, and that if he lefi the Lapwing would take fight', and thai fall to the ground. know he oeariy " tore my coat to pieces," Ecverett was saying angrily. "You shouldn't "Jaeep such a dog. "When mistress was dull I gat this pup to tak care ov tiur dwrin* the neet. It's a dog wi' a pedigr.ee, it is; I bought it o' the ratcatcher, and he said it wur a dog with a pedigree, thoa Jie didn't know its father or mother,, he didn't, not o' this pup, he didn't. After a bit it would wakken us wi" the mooast awful yowls ye iwer heeard. Mistress puts-her head out o'~ the winder one day, and says, says shGO, 'Ben, what ivver's yond?' 1r» yound dog;' I says, says I; to .talc care o f you ' 'Ben, 'says shoo, "just eo and tak care of it, for it's stimmach's oat of order,' says shoo, 'or else it's gettin 5 liydrofoby,' that's what shoo says." The dog was howling at this moment, and Joy did not like the sound of it. "Well Leverett, have you come back again?" she asked, kindly. "I drive over for my brother-in-law, ma'am. Black Prince wants t' exercise or he gets so beady, he does; but I come for. the" doctor this time, ana I'll drive him back. She's going off quick, is my sister." "Poor thing!" eaid Joy. "That's why the - dog's howling for, ma'am," said Leverett, shaking his head; "toon as he saw me he began to howl." ^ Tha sister browt thee here, and I hope ' she'll tak. you back,/' eaid Ben, grinning. "Mistress 'il be waiting for ye, ma'am, and Betsy, too." Joy passed in into the bright light, and there came •mother long melancholy howl from the pedigree doe. . "Hod thi noise! exclaimed Betsy, peking her head out oi the window, and then, seeing Joy, she turned red as a peony and ran away; but Mrs. Leekey immediately came bustling out of the parlour to meet her. "Well, well, my dear; I was just thinking of sending the boy Ben for you, that I was! But, there, you're not afraid. You are your father s own daughter. Such a gentleman he is." "How is he? Has his throat " . "Oh, I cured that pretty soon, my dear; the men like being cosseted, and iow he's goo< -bed you were to go to and not disturb him. But you must first have a.bit of supper. 1 \- Joy shook her head. • "T:-ve had -enough, thank you, Mrs. Leekey. Who is with father ? " \- A gentleman, my' dear," said Mrs. Leekey, nodding her head mysteriously. "He said you were to make yourself easy, and go to bed. He was quite welL Bast let the men amuse themselves in their own way—it clears up their brains, my dear. There's another party come in, and I'm dreadful busy: but Betsy'U see you to your room. If you hear a littie merriment, don't take any .notice. I'll «ee the (rood man to bed. All we can do for 'em isn't much— not as much as they deserve." Joy walked slowly upstairs. Her heart misgave her. To hear of her father closeted with a stranger was not good news; but she was sleepy, after her walk, and tired after the excitement of bearing of Aunt Deborah's, doings, so she entered her room and «at" down by the fire. But what was ' her surprise to find that her room must be next to the Red Parlour. It must, however, have been partitioned otf from it, though with too .solid material to make any words audible. She could, however, recognise the tones of her father's voice, and she could hear another man's uproarious excitement. Now and th?n came a deep silence, then another burst of conversation. Joy shuddered. She had heard the voice before—it was. it must be that of Fir Ivor' What were the two doing? Dared she go and present herself? The very idea of coming within sipM of that ruffianly baronet made her blush. - The tallow-dip candle spluttered, the fire burnt brightly, and Joy stood still in the middle of the small room, which was halffilled with a great four-nosfer bed. Her eyes strayed on to the lbokinjj- glass, and she fliiDg up her arms and clasped her hands on her head, tryinjr to think what to do for the best. She looked then like some noble Caryatid. Her father was so weak, so easily led to do evil. How could she save him? All the courage left out of her father's nature seemed to have been bestowed upon hers. She would be brave—she would interrupt this evil enioyment, whatever it was. Her father ought surely to have been safe here, in this out-of-the-way place, at all events. He should be saved in spite of himself. She opened Hie door softly and stood iji the dark passage. Thpre was no one in this short wins: but herself and the occupants of-the Red Parlour. The door of t h e opposite room stood wide open, and the room was dark and unoccupied. "No one wjll ae-e me, sfcall 'sbt- gambk thought. "He -father. All Jibe more because father has now no money to j spare." i Joy knew nothing about the hundred j pounds given by Aunt Deborah to her I nephew. She stood at the door of the I lied Parlour, and almost held her breath,! bul] the old builders had had an idea that j doors were to be useful in case of need, and, if necessary, strong enough, for barn- j cades. She could hear no more distinct words here than in her own room—besides, Joy hated eavesdropping; so she boldly put out her hand and turned the handle. The door was locked. "Open the door, father. It is Joy," she said iirmly. There was a dead silence, then a burst of laughter, and an answering expostulaton. Joy could understand this verv well. Her fears were true. Her father was ashamed .of his occupation. "Please open the door. I wish to see you." Firm steps across the room—they were not her father's footsteps. Then the door was flung open, and Sir Ivor stood before her. Still, he did not ask her to come in, and strangely enough he seemed to be for the moment stricken dumb. Before he could speak, however, Mr. Lydeard Lurried up behind him. "Oh, its you, Joy, is it, my dear? I couldn't think who "it was. I thought it Ivor. He has been very kind. He knows Aunt Deb well, he . Good-night, Joy. It's confoundedly cold to-night. Let me shut the door, and prav go." Joy's eyes flashed. • Sir Ivor was looking at her, for though she could not see his face plainly, he could see hers distinctly. She clenched her hand. "I want! to come in," she repeated, quietly, nqt showing the great effort it was to her to speaK. "You can't, Joy. Men don't like to be disturbed." Sir Ivor laughed. "Don't beat about the bush, sir. It won't do with the princess. We are playing for—for something now. Will you come in?" Joy walked in. There were the hated cards on the table; each man had hastily thrown down his cards with their faces covered. "Leave them and come away, father." she said. "At least here, and with—with that man, you might" Her father's manner changed, and be turned upo'n her with anger. "What the do you want to interfere for, Joy? I tried to warn you; get along to bed and leave me alone.' The gamester's eyes were bright; his hands were trembling visibly. There were two tankards on the table, and a smell of spirits pervaded the parlour. "Look here, sir," interposed Sir Ivor; "this is the last game—the last, eh? You said so yourself. Let the princess stay. It's right she should. Eh? the prize is often" "Hang it all, Sir Ivor! Joy. shan t stay! Am I her father, or am I not?" Joy walked close to the fire, and stood there with her arms folded. ICo one answered Mr. Lydeard. After an awkward silence, Sir Ivor exclaimed: "Look here, I must go home; and I'm not going to be baulked. I'll finish this game, or" "Of course^ of course," said _Mr. Lydeard, looking • nervous and excited. "I gave you my word I would play it; but; Joy, pray go. You are always thwarting me, I order you to go. It's only a last game; it will be over very soon. I'm coming, I tell you;, go away." / "The game isn't oyer yet," said Sir Ivor. He frowned this time, and stood by the table. It might be shame, or some new instinct of being in a false position, that made him so unusually quiet. "You had better go now," he eaid. "You make me nervous, Joy. It's the last game, I tell you; the last, I promise you. Don't you near me?" "I shall stay, father. You have been playing for money." Sir Ivor.laughed. "He has\played for money, and lost it all." \ "Then you might be generous enough she began, indignantly. "We are not playing for money now, princess," he" said. "If you won't gowell, you won't, '.take a chair. Now, sir; it's the last game." Mr. Lydeard nervously drew his own chair towards the table. "I've not been in lock's way to-night, Joy; bnt now the luck has turned. This game is very, very important. Obey me, girL Go at once; Fm bound to win." "I shall stay here," repeated Joy. "I shall stand here till it's done. You say it is the last game! How am I to believe you?" "On the word of a gentleman, of course, Joy." '"Take my word, then," said Sir Ivor, scornfully.' "Man, woman, or child has never acused me of breaking my word— never. Ii is the last game. Now, sir, I play the deuce." llie old man's hand shook violently. He seemed to have lost his presence of mind. •'•The deuce?—the deuce you do," he mut- tered. Joy knew nothing abont cards. Neveiyfn all her life had die played a game. She hated the very sight of them. They represented to her the misery of her whole life and of her mother's life. Now, standing like a Cassandra before the fire, sbe watched the pictures and the coloured pasteboards being enatched from the players' hands and flung on to the table. She saw her father'6 face grow white, she saw his white, thin hands tremble,' she laiew by those signs that he was losing. She did net believe his words, or those of Sir Ivor, that they were not playing for money. The slake must be big, or her father would not look like that. Suddenly the last card was flung on this table by the handsome young giant, theii he immediately pushed his chair away, aad stood up to his full height. 'There!" he said, flinging a bundle of crisp new notes on the table. "There are your hundred pounds! You have lost, Mr, Lydeard." Mr. Lydeard did not rise from his chair. He looked dazed. With one hand he clutched the bank-notes, and with the other he nervously sorted the upturned cards. "I lost only by one card," he muttered. "Cursed luck. The play was mine till Joy entered. There you nave done it, girl! Don't blame me." "I don't know what you are saying, father. What are these notes if—if you were not playing for money?. You say that vou have lost'them. Give these back to mm." Sir Tvor was silent, and Mr. Lydeard half-turned his back on his dsngbter. "X have lost, it's quite true, girl, but only by one card—only one; and if you had minded your own business I should have won. The luck had turned already." Give back that money. It is not yours." "It< is mine, and I — lost it, and then staked it again against, against " "It's all fair, princess, quite fair. I take care there's no cheating when I plav. Hang it! but it was all above- board. Goodnight, Mr. Lydeard.' Sir Ivor strode towards the door, net 1 even easting a glance towards Joy, who still stood there motionless and bewildered. Mr. Lydeard followed Sir Ivor to the threshold. "\ou know the bargain. You must give me time—give me time, Sir Ivor. It will be difficult." "Ali_ right, time enough, good-night. By Jove, it was faii-iy won. Good-night." "Father." said Joy, seizing her father's arm; "lather, what were you playing for? I insist upon knowing." CHAPTER VHL—THE NEW TENANTS. The oid man appeared cowed for the J veapons of defence. Wliat the do you mean, Joy, standing there looking like that? Do you think you are going to rule me? You are mighty mistaken, girl, I can tell you. Of course, you understand nothing about games of Ciiance goes the .._„ \-- Sit down, can't you, and -don't look at me! like that! I want to—to—tell you something." Joy retreated a few steps. Mr. Lydeard's right hand nervously closed over the crisp bank-notes, and loosed them, again; then he coughed to cover the silence. "What do you want to say to me?" Joy at last said. "You ought to be in bed, not sitting up this cold night. You will get bronchi lis." "Sit down, Joy; I can't talk to you whilst you are standing up. It fidgets me." ''Tell me why he gave you that hundred pounds? You nundred pounds when we cameherf You know we had only „ a few pounds left from tiie quarter's annuity." "You are so suspicious, Joy! This money is all right. In fact, 1 want M spenk to vou about this very matter. Aunt Deb gave it to jne to pay our journey—a mean gift ienough, when she has so much; but, still, it's, better than nothing, and will help me to cany out a plan 1 have made." "A plan you bave made?'' "Yes. Of course, Aunt Deb was very rude, and abominably mean; but, listen, girl, she must die, and she must leave lier money to somebody. Now, if you played your cards nicely, it would be easy; but there is no trusting you. As likely as not you'll tell ber yoa don't want her money!' "I have told her so." "Hang itl So you have gone and done it?' y • "Yes; if you live quietly, we have enough of our own to live upon. I'm strong; I don't mind working. We should not want a servant." "That's just what I am going to talk about, Joy; but you always put yourself in suci, a temper. I'm going to—to turn over a new leaf." He laughed uncomfortably. Joy looked at her father, and for one moment a ray of hope lighted up her beautiful face. As she' stood there in the firelight, dressed in her short whinsey skirt, and her simple whinsey jacket, with no relief bub a big, red silk handkerchief knotted at her throat, her face was full of a look of noble purity, an expression which cannot! be counterfeited. One might have thought that any father would have felt proud of her; but Mr. Lydeard was busy scheming about many things. Hope is so natural in youth tliati Joy, though she had often been disappointed before, suddenly imagined that for once he must be in earnest. "Oh, father, then you'll give up that horrid gambling? You said it was the last game. L e t it be the verv, very last— in your life! We'll go back home and find » braise nrar dear old Porchester: about fishing and shooting, and . If that is really Aunt Deb's hundred pounds, then we'll spend it in setting up a new little home.' "Stop, .roy, you run on so fast. I quite agree with you—yes, with every word you say, and I've thought the same thing oyer myself; but it's only about the place, girl, that we differ. We must take a cottage here. In fact, I've heard of the very place that will suit me. You see, as I said before, we must stay here. Old Deb will go ont like a candle presently, and we shall be on the spot. Hugh Brent's gone. He has plenty of money to live on—doesn't want hers, only he is grasping. Besides, she hates Brent, I hear, because he borrowed I some money once of her and never paid her the interest! Ah! ah! ah! she's a cunning old thing." "Settle here, father! _ and yon have already heard of a place!" Joy's heart sank within her. Here meant in rcach of that ruffian, and within reach of temptation for her father of gambling with him. "Yes, here—it must be' here." "Oh no, not here, not here—anywhere but here. "I teil you it shall be here, Joy. Here or nowhere. If you turn up your nose at this place, then it shall be Monte Carlo. This money will take us there, and there will be enough left to play with. Double or quits, eh? Joy was silent. The strength of a weak, obstinate man is terrible, and he continned: "There's nothing to object to. It's a lovely country, and there's the chance of getting this house. ]\ot a mere cottage either, Joy. Listen; it's an old farm-house not wanted; and there's the river running through the grounds, and I fan have some fishing and shooting. Why, it will be living en prince, girl. How often you have said that vou hate town life, and here's a chance of living in the pure country." This was true, and Joy could not contradict this statement. "How did you hear of a house?" she said, meditatively. "A chance, 1 tell you—just a chance. I've been asking Sirs. Leekey about it. It's got a ghost into the bargain. We shall feel quite in our right sphere, eh, Joy? A good house, fishing ana shooting, and a ghost." Mr. Lydeard laughed noisily, but Joy detected a tone of uneasiness in his mirth. "Do you mean all this?" she asked. "You have said things like this before." " "Mean it? Hang it! of course, I do. I tell you we must stay near Aunt Deb. I'll take you to the house to-morrow. Why, we'll have fine times, and as you're so eager to do housework, here's your chance, but we must get a rough woman in too. You mustn't spoil your hands, Joy." The girl made a great effort, and tried to believe all she heard- She had been, so long dragged from pillar to post, her life had been so made up of one constant fight and of self-defence, that the veryidea of a quiet resting-place sounded infinitely sweet to her; But she would have preferred its being away from Catlin. "Oh, you know that I shall like a quiet life. I might even earn a little money at local concerts. They're fond of music in these parts, 1 know." "And you have a good voice, girl. A ood idea. But there'll' be no need. f Tow, I'm tired, so I'm off to bed; and you look- pale. By Jove,, though, what have you got on your arm?" He "jumped up from his seat, and seized Joy's wrist*. "A diamond bracelet! Eh, or is it glass?" "Oh, I forgot. It's Aunt Deborah's bracelet. The horrid thing won't c-me olf. She said that I was to show it to you and that you would unfasten it Your father gave it to her." "Did he? Why that's the first I know of it. It is a family jewel. He had no business to let it go from the family. Why it's very, very valuable. Joy, look at the diamonds: I Know something of diamonds! She didn t mean you to return this?" Sir. Lydeard's eyes gazed greedily at the jewel, and Joy shivered a little. Hateful money again! Take it off, father; please undo it for me, and I shall return it to Aunt Deb next time I walk there." Mr. Lydeard tried to wrench it open. It resisted his efforts as it 1 had done those of- his daughter. "We must get it forced open. Mv hands are not strong enough. Sir Ivor, now, he would do it! You must sleep in it tonight. You see the diamonds know to whom they belong. Good-night, Joy. Now, don't excite yourself, and to-morrow Fll take you to the Flatts—that's the name of the farm." "The Halts," 6aid Joy, dreamily; then she put her hand on her father's arm. "O father, let's try and turn over a new leaf. We can be quiet- and happy without all that excitement you love so much." "Of course we can! You always had a vein of sentiment in you, Joy. I don't know, though, where you get it from. Not from me, or from the Beckett side." 'Aunt Deborah has been able to—love, at all events." Yes. 1 forgot, there was' some love affair once. Lord! it was long ago, and she's kept people out of the money to long. She's refused fifty offers. They've no business to • live so long, those old things. Good-night, good-night. Mrs. Leekey's a wonderful woman, but such a tongue 6he has! Good Lord! He gathered up the banknotes once more into his hand and went oil briskly to his bedroom, and Joy went to hers still wearing the hateful diamonds. "It's like being fettered and bound with the chain of our sins," she thought, "this hateful thirst i'or riches, and yet this love of gambling it away which pursues father." To her ^ayers that night she . added a thanksgiving that at last she was to be allowed a home, and even as she fell asleep she murmured "What a nice, oldfashioned homely name, 'The Fiatts.'" The nest morning at breakfast Mrs. Leekey bustled in and out, full of delight. "The Fiatts, sir, is just made ior a gentleman iike you with lonely tastes, and ! your daughter will queen it there, I know! I The last folks, now, were queer, very queer—two old men and tlieir sister, and ' none of the three wouid speak to each i other. Mercy on us, they were queer! It j was one of the brothers died iiwtj aad the | other one aud the sister followed hira to ! r exchanged a j ;en out about | a -'-r. Goodeuougii, ; him as you saw, used to go to the Fiaits ! a n d speak first to one and then to t'other; j a n d it took him douoie time, it did, so he f he should charge them double visits, j | and so lie did, but never a word between ' first, On her- death-bed ,our parson he went to her, and told her it wasn't Christian nor sc-nse, for of course it was her fault at the bottom, seeing kinder men didn't live than the two brother's. Well, she gave in at last, and said she ^"™"^ f 'Good-by,' and the parson—he called the brother in—and then they two looked at each other. But no, they conid not make up their minds which should be first to break silence; and so the brother just bowed his head and went off. and she died that same night. He was so terribly cut up about her death that !<e wandered about the place like a lunatic. a ! ways g0 J DS ber empty room every i standing by heV bed. He had I f° ne a ' S u ? ual on - e evening, and then he must have dropped down aud never come out. Some say that he wandei-s up and down there still. ]'ve never been there myself o' nights; but I know them as have been and have heard it." Mr. Lydeard rubbed his hands with delight. "Joy and 1 are not afraid of ghosts, and the house is cheap, Mrs. Leekey. and furnished—all the old furniture, so I hear. Wc are going off this morning to look it it. Why, Joy, trill decked in diamonds— a lucky sign fpr you, }r!y girl." Joy held out her arm, for Mrs. Leekey had disappeared, smiling aud curtsying. "Let me try again," said her father., and he wrenched the bracelet asunder. j "Give it to me, Joy. I'll take care of it, and return it to Aunt Deb. She told ou to show it to me'!" "Yes," said Joy, glad to get nd of it. "You'll return it to her?" "Now, come. I have found out the way to the Fiatts from Ben. It's across the town, and then you follow the valley by the bec-k and—but vou'll see." Joy followed her father as if she were in a dream. To be really goins to look at a possible home seemed to be quite an unexpected miracle. After all, this journey had brought her some luck. They followed the tiny beck, not the river that ran by the Moat House, for they were <toiiig now in just the opposite direction. On either side was waste land covered with furze, contrasting well with the crystal water dashing along in its limestone bed. On the right, a cart track was visible, and on the left was the footpath which they were following. Suddenly the Fiatts burst on their view. It was a bettermost, oldfashioned farmhouse. Its architecture was Elizabethan. Six tall arches, now bare, shadowed its porch. There were muilicned windows tilled with diamond panes, knobbled gables, and pillared chimneys. Over the porch was a shield, and as Joy came near, she saw that there was a coat-of-arms on it, and the words "Sans-peur." In the front of the house was a small flower garden, surrounded by [ a low, moss-covered wail, on which the i green "desolation plant" flourished with ' the lady-fern, now dead or dying. The beds were bordered with box, and beyond this Joy caught sight of a kitchen garden, which now looked desolate and overgrown. But within the house Joy was even better pleased. The dwelling rooms below were oak-jjanelied, and upstairs there was yet another parlour -with a . beautiful bay window locking down the valley, 'j'he bedrooms were small but comfortable. "But, father," she said, "won't the rent of this house be too much for us?" "Too much! No, no—a mere nothing. You see, the people about here say it is haunted! No one will take it. It's a ' piece of luck for us: and look, just outside the gate is the road going up to tiie Catlin Moors." "And who owns this place?" _ "That last oueer brother left it, and all that was in it, to a friend of his. It is this friend who will be our landlord." "It's too big for us.'" "Nonsense! It's a place a gentleman can live in. I shall sign the agreement to-day. Go back, Joy, to Mrs. Leekey,^ and tell her to find at once some servant for us. I've got to finish the business, and to close with the offer." 'It is a very pretty place, and I will try and make you happy, rather." Full of new hope, Joy left the house, and went slowly back to Cat-lin, following the joyous beck. When she was gone, Mr. Lydeard hHrried away in the opposite direction, and took the road up to the moor. In' a quarter of an hour he stood at the front door of Normandyke and rang the bell. The dwarf eyed him with a look of supreme contempt as he opened to him. "Ah! yes, Dickens, Nichols—what's your name? Where's your master?" Without answering, the dwarf pointed to Sir Jvor's approaching form. "Well, cried Sir Ivor, leading the way to his library, "well? Here's the agreement. What do you think of the Fiatts?" Just the very thin?. Nominal rent, eh?" He looked up at Sir Ivor somewhat deprecatwgjy. "Why, I said so. Bnt what does she think of it? Have you told her of our bargain?" "No, no! Hush! Yoa don't know Joy. She must have time. She doesn't even know you are the landlord. I didn't tell her. Better sign first." Sir Ivor did not laugh. He thrust his hands into his coat- pocket, and scowled a little. "What's the use of all this mystery? Are you afraid of a girl? Look here, old man. I'm not one to be made a fool of. You promised that we'd play that last came—you know. If you lost, I was to hav° your daughter, and you the hundred pounds. If I lost, I was to double the hundred; and, look here, I won—won her honestly. She's mine. It was a fair offer, eh? Why, the deuce it was! All fair and all above board. She's to be my wife as soon as " "Of course, of course—but don't go too quick. Joy's proud. You'll spoil everything by hurrying." "Proud! I should think she was proud; but she's mine, you know it—and you get back your hundred pounds." He laughed. "By George and the Dragon, it was an original way of getting a wife, eh? Besides, there's the house for you dirt cheap —thirty pounds a year and furnished. Eh? What a face she has; she beats Helen, the curse of the Draytons—beats her hollow." "I shall have to tell her," said Mr. Lydeard, gloomily sitting down and making up a qui'J pen. "You don't think of that." "Tell her—of course, you will. I can't marry her without her knowing it, man. But she's mine, you know. I've bought her. It was quite fair. The last game did it. I was in a dead funk at first. 1 thought I'd lost it; but the luck turned, and i got her—and there she stood looking on. Mr. Lydeard, you'll tell her auiekly, eh—no sneaking, mind." I 