TOPICS OFTHE WEEK. , mlt precedence date further Disputes al . quarrel among the , Vthnn the J1"'? JwaB laid down for Apostle®) vcr since been dis „]1 time that ^oi)g tlie religioUB bodies, regarded, even ready to fight in ft 3ieh^'e'Vab"ut thC P,aCCS clerical «ay at the Governors *>* V trofle 21 'no. Ieree. x"? 1 Tifl the Imperial Go the Adm" 8' r ord Charles Scott's time, rcrnme^ tit,e of His Excellency on conferred the Austraiian station, and "« 4?r. to SSh cotor >>« *>»'d »"k ordered that there was no ditfi 'VSious admirals, though they m culty- x r j,jEii capacity, like Su. cluded Tnon were content with a fairly George HJ011' ., payor's dinner, conspicuous se toast-list, which Rnd fon 'lie Guildhall example. It iS rxtrcinlv difficult to provide for the Unovcxtxcn ^ Hig j5xceiiency,s in Adnural ace u It is not enough terprctation offlfter the t0 6nr l,c must also be allotted Govcrnot, tunily 0f speaking. '"S Tlv Admiral Pearson cares as little r°Setie as most sailors, and would at j fTl rl inner in plain clothes, and Bit )end/GdeS llamor Alderman Mo ^ pii the evening, if he were allowed to r forTimSlf. But the wearers "f fnvm have to stand up for strict rule. rfSl to«bbed U» Itoke of Wto f t the Cape, when his royal high s captain of the Galatea, for com ing8 aboard in plain attire. Adn,1|*a!. h»« nut the present mayor in a fix, be Sot be toasted1 11 bybi»; ,jf »His Excellency the Admiral, but be pfaced ffiTmediately after iliat was an arrangement that might have liven undue precedence to commanders Ld colonels, and caused umbrage to a host of political dignities. The public will be relieved to hear that the whole question is referred to the Imperial Government. Now that Mr. FitzGibbon is chairman of the Metropolitan Board of Works, and as so* detached from the City Council, there is no man to solve such problems for the mayor. The public should feel more flattered than amused, when such troubles arise, for the disputing is as to who shall come first in showing off before them, for were there no public there would be no showing off. The discussion which was shirked in the Legislative Assembly has come off in the Legislative Council, and a resolution has been passed in favour of religious teaching in state schools. But the resolution is so worded as to leave things just where they are. The religious teaching is not to in terfere with the secular. This is not what the advocates of religious teaching are pre sumed to want. They are presumed to want the teaching done by state teachers, and to that there are insurmountable ob jections. We have never had their views frankly and fully stated, but the length they would like to go cau be more than guessed at. Were they to speak out, it might be seen that they are striving for the revival of the old denominational sys tem. The fact seen is that children are growing up in large numbers who hear von- little about religion. This is to be deplored, hut the reason is that large num bers of parents never talk religion in any form to their children. The most they do is to put some so-called Sunday reading in to their hands, or send them to Sunday- j school. But the Sunday-school attendance is relatively small. There is lukewarmness in all direc tions. Some blame our secular system for it, but this seems to be mis-; taking effect for cause. If parents in gene mi are indifferent, we may expect the pub lic, which is the same people over again, to be so, too. There are earnest citizens ivho would like to see religion taught, be cause if it is not taught, the emotional parts of our nature, which respond to re-! ligious teaching, die away. But they can lot see how the department of Education can undertake the teaching. There Is not enough agreementeven among the Protest-1 "it denominations for a code to be drawn "P that would have vitality. The drawing "P of one has been carefully avoided. The1 talliolir.fi are ;n earned or at any rate, Priesthood is, and makes them raise. 40,000 n year to maintain schools in J1 Priests do the religious teaching. . Protestant bodies are only en thusiastic enough to suggest that the jjj en should be laid on Government , ..ce^' Something in their conscience rtiiui 11 Hiat duty is neglected, but they he small voice by Baying that it is the "cation department which is to blame. ! v '\dl8aI>pointing Xo be seven km-8 i" BUece88ion to look out for tli tim0CIn meteors, and then, when tli llW.;reS- l? fi.nd ^'at t,ie display tak< lieoni °r° ?' morning for an toK<JiiiUt ,n'"cmen and early travcllci and n l.tm" Public attention is excito titudo'0 m°W ,)a8Be8 unseen. The mu ins nn W1,es aX our astronomers for nial ®PPoLf^ \ S8Jabout nothin«- The dj PoL ^n n 18 duo the f«ct that tl radiate fi- 8liy which the metero of tho r ■ °m .R P°,nt in the constellatii at aboutT""^868 at tll» time of the ye U "ttail a V- ind by the t^ dawn nhno height in the heavenB, ti to. and ?h°w is put an ei come into , • Novfiaber meteors, th conj^tured'1fWifVeLy 88y«,»: They a a hrotten-un !° 8 tbe dli8t and pebbles ceedibEly wn«vF Tbe f^ffntcnts are < wnal), so small thatyeu mig I P*ck numbcra them into a peascod. Frio I tion that is engendered by their swift pas sage through earth's atmosphere makes * them vrnible, In free space toey would 1 Snute to rhfleCt Parti°2es of 6Utlli«ht too minute to be seen. They travel in an -wid,! - •>< m» planet Uranus—an object itself scarcely perceptible by the naked eye-and every 33 years the orbits of the earth and the meteor stream intersect. This meteor stream is so long that it is three or four years m passing the meeting point. We are carried three or four times round the mm and each time we come back to where the orbits intersect it, we get sight of the fly ^kt. The greatest number of them is usually seen in the third year, which, on this occasion, will be 1899. From New York comes the report that one bril liant meteor was heard as well as seen. But there is great doubt as to whether the November meteors are large enough to act the part of aerolites, or atmospheric stones. Aerolites are seen at all times of the year, and wheu they show at the same hour &b; the November meteors, it does not at all follow that the two kinds of phenomena are in any way related. After the fatalities which have resulted in Vienna from the carrying-on of experi ments there with the microbes which are the cause of the bubonic plague now rife in India, the Customs authorities were jus tified in taking high- handed proceedings last week to obtain possession of the tubes introduced into Victoria by Dr. Leonard Haydon. The safety of the state is the supreme law. Dr. Haydon may have claims to compensation, but that is another matter. He is lately from Bombay, where he was employed as an expert, and he brought the disease germs with him for scientific purposes. Customs and health authorities were fully informed. There was no concealment, and as no Vienna fatalities had then occurred, neither Dr. Gresswell, the head of the Health department, nor the medical officer* in Hobson's Bay saw any need to interfere. But the situation changed when news came by cable that the bacillus of the bubonic plague had iiroved deadly in the laboratory and the hospital; and as Dr. Haydon had introduced his sup plies in order to experiment, it became evi j dent that a danger to public health re j quired dealing with. If the doctor claims damages, it can only be on the ground that the Customs department put forward a sham excuse 'for seizing the tubes—viz., that Dr. Haydon had omitted to pay duty on the few ounces of glycerine that the microbes were embedded in. There had been no evasion, in the sense of smuggling, of the Customs Act. But the Government has, or ought to have, the same right to shut out packets of disease germs that it has to shut out the clothes worn by travel lers ailing fron^smal|-p'Qx.r.--^ine of the rats that dhV. iHayddij - might. have been tempte^ >iiito inoculating'\uight have got, %way, rats sup posed to unread tllie fpttgue hiore rapidly than any other-animals, the Health-depart ment might had to iucur Jjefivy ex penditure to ruitHhe. di^ase. detfn. When importations of deadly germs are required in the interests of science, they ought to be made through the Health department, and not brought in at will by any visitor who has a fancy for carrying such dangerous playthings about with him. The inhabi tants of the township Macarthur and the Western district generally are doubtless greatly relieved to hear that Dr. Haydon's bacilli have been boiled out of existence] by Mr. Tom Gray and Detective Christie. Mr. Reid, the New South Wales Pre mier, knows how to keep his supporters together, and his last win is the most de cisive he has yet had. But the Opposition had not a good ease. It accused the Go vernment of breaking faith with the country, by re-opening the tariff issue after the promise had been made to the electors that such issue should be sunk un til federation had been disposed of. But Mr. Reid was able to reply that Mr. Bar ton and his followers were the only people who had made the promise, and they made it for their own ends. In the next place, Mr. Barton, in submitting liis case, was obliged to excuse the retention of the sugar duty, because it is a duty wbich his party bebeves in, and his Clarence and Richmond supporters had to vote for. He could not condemn the ultra free-trade Premier for sncuking back to protection, fn obedience to the pressure put on hira by a somewhat powerful interest. Under the circumstances, if the Opposition object was to get Mr. Reid out of office, the best course would have been to wait for dis agreements among the Ministerialists. The whole of the labour party is against the tea duty, and half of the members arc pro tectionists. But every time, a motion of censure is proposed, the Reid party con solidated itself. Mr. Reid will probably carry all his budget proposals. If the labour pnrty deserts him when the tea duty coir es on, he will get as much help as he needs from the Opposition. One pertinent question put to the Premier during the debate was why he did not warn the country at the general election, that the expenditure was out-running the revenue. He slipped-out of the difficulty by answer ing that had lie done bo, he would have put the importers of ten on the alert. But, probably, Mr. Reid was in hopeB at the1 general election, that he might not require to raise extra revenue; and he knew well that even if- tie hud hut hinted at a fail ing revenue, he would have scared nwny support. The cessation of the flow of water from the. Pent artesian bore in Riverine New South Wales has led to inquiry , being made as to how far these stoppages are due to 'local and remediable causes/ or' to failure in the underground supply. It is satis factory to learn that the Pera flow can be set going again with a little expense, it is a bore choked between 885ft. and 1,154ft. bottom level. The supply is as abundant and as inexhaustible as ever. There have been stoppages in various localities, all traceable to local causes. It is estimated from reports made by Mr. Jack, the Queensland geologist, and Professor David, of Sydney University, Jhat there are about 40,000 square miles of flat country in New South Wales overlying underground sup plies of water. The great upland levels which stretch from tropic Queensland, on the inland side of the Dividing Range, down to the Paroo, belong to the cre taceous or chalk system of rocks, and are believed to extend into South Australia. They are cut off from Victoria by a silurian barrier, which must have been dry land when the cretaceous system was forming under the sea. These cretaceous rocks contain an important stratum of soft, porous sandstone. Under and above the stratum are layers of rock impervious to water. It slopes gradually southward in the form of a trough, which begins at the dividing line between the Gulf of Carpen taria rivers and the water-courses that find their way to Cooper's Creek and the Darling. Mr. Jack calls it the bibulous braystone. Where the braystone appears at the surface, in tropic Queensland, it soaks in the heavy midsummer rainfall, and carries the water away southwards underground. Professor David calculates that the braystone contains 2Jg.al. of water to the cubic foot. The percentage is very large. If the area in New South Wales amounts to 40,000 square miles, then the quantity of water stored up amounts to 27 billions of gallons, or enough, if the pressure is maintained, to keep the present artesian wells in the colony going for 1,868 years. When we read (as in such an article as was published last week) how artesian wells have transformed extensive tracts of dry country beyond Barcaldine into the finest grazing properties, we ought to re joice at the progress that is being made in bringing the vast underground stores of water to the surface. The time is coming when we shall cease to be afraid of droughts in the backblocks. The proposal to summon women to sit on juries was rejected in the South Australian Assembly last week by 21 votes to 8. It was brought forward .by the demonstrative Mr. King O'Malley, who has reached the stage now when he threatens to fall upon and break in pieces any person in South Australia who casts reflections on him. Mr. O'Malley has been the butt of the Adelaide humourists for nine months past. The highfalutin' style which he has brought with him from Texas, where, it seems, he campaigned for J. G. Blaine in 1884, amuses the Legislative Assembly. He in troduces the tree of liberty and tlie other kinds of trees into debate with great fre quency. Women juries, he argued, are the natural corollary of women's suffrage. But very few of the members on the side of) women's suffrage were inclined to support, or even seriously discuss, Mr. O'Malley's proposal. Mr. Kingston called it a fad, and be was not to be drawn into support ing it by Mr. O'Malley's suggestion that he would have a better chance if tried by a jury of women than if tried by a jury of men. The" Premier drew attention to an important practical difficulty when he asked how they could lock jury women up all night, in the way that is done now with male jurors who will not agree. Hosts of objections at once suggest themselves that need not be formally set out. What white wire-drawn faces they would have in the morning. Would they ever get over the awful consciousness that their complex ion and headdress must have looked dread ful as they filed into court and took their seats in the box before an array of inquisi tive spectators. They would have had no breakfast, no opportunity for " doing up their hair," or attending to the niceties of the toilet. If there is one thing even woman suffragists shrink from it is from being seen too early in the day. There are any number of women who would sit on any jury to try any charge. Numbers of them roll up as onlookers nowadays when cases come on that cannot be reported, and the judges (to preserve their own modesty) have to use imperative language to get the court cleared. But so long as the law re quires that jurors shall be locked up all night when they do not agree, or when a trial extends beyond one day, we need not trouble! to discuss the general objections that are likely to be offered to summoning women to serve on the panel. Mr. King O'Malley saw this himself, and wanted to J withdraw his proposal, but the mischief makers would insist on a division. | 'he story of Fisher's Ghost has often n told, hut never before in so complete I simple a manner as it now is, under Id Time Memories," by Mr. G. B. Bar , of the Sydney Public Library. All circumstances leading up to the dis ery of the murder and conviction of the rderer are set forth ns lucidly as if the nt had been closed up only yesterday, in id of upwards of seventy years ago. The ject will lojig hold its interest, because host is mixed up with it. Mr. Andrew ag, who hunts up ghost stories as other lectors do Japanese ciirios or out-of-date tage stamps, has lately added this one to treasury. The ghost phase of the mat is the only one we shall comment on. . Barton adbpts' what he has found in •]y publications on the subject. But i evidence that any ghost was ever seen ever reported .prior- to the conclusion of ! trial is so scanty as to lower this case the level of all ghost eases that have pre led it. - For months after Fisher had dis icarcd thelV had been much dismission as to what had become of him. At last Farley is reported to have seen a ghostly representation of the missing man sitting on the top rail of a fence. He told the magistrate, who called in the black-trackers. A patch of blood was found on the fence, and up the creek, in the direction the ghost had pointed, Fisher's remains were 1 unearthed. The statement that Farley Baw, Fisher's ghost has since seen accepted by all j people inclined to believe Buch things as true. Some -sceptics have suggested that the shadowy figure was a figment of Far ley's brain. But there is no scrap of evi dence, printed or written, to show that Farley ever made mention of any ghost to the magistrate, or that the magistrate ever reported him as doing so. His "statement" is not on record. The i little newspapers of the time briefly men [ tion the discovery of the body, but not the ghost. No reference to any ghost' can be found in any documents of date prior to the conclusion of the trial. It is significant that Mr. Reddall, who was both a clergy man and a magistrate, left behind him no reference to what (if it happened) must have seemed to him to be a supernatural occurrence worthy of permanent record. | The ghost of Fisher first appeared ; in print nine years after the trial, in a "History" compiled by a doctor living at I'arramatta. All the testimony he had to rely on was hearsay. We have no doubt that by that time the ghost was universally believed in, and oral evi dence plentiful. But 70 years ago, and even 40 years ago, ghosts had a local habita | tion and a name wherever any dark crime i had been committed by convicts or ticket of-leave holders in the Australian bush. Murdering huts, huts haunted by murdered shepherds, and camps haunted by headless stockmen were known in many places be tween Cockatoo and Moreton Bay. Many an overseer was killed by ticket-of-leave men in revenge for punishments inflicted within stockade walls. Tying victims to trees and pulling them asunder with bul lock teams, fastening them down on ant heaps, such were the "incidents" of the bush heard of in transportation times. That ghosts should rise on such scenes was to be expected. Denizens of the bush who had been convicts believed in ghosts without difficulty. In the present in stance, no ghost was necessary to the clear ing up of the Fisher mystery. If Farley reported the patch of blood, that would be enough clue for the black trackers. They did not require a ghost to direct them to look up the creek for the buried body. And in Martin's "History" much more is made of the wonderful sagacity shown by the blacktrackers than of the assist- j anoe they got from any ghost. But the people who like to imagine that ghosts j form part of the terrestrial scheme can j take comfort. Cold criticism will have . little effect in obliterating established, tradition so long as people like Mr.: Andrew Lang are numerous in the land, j Even our contributor accepts Fisher's j ghost as a probable fact. It took the Sirdar ten days to steam from Khartoum to Faslioda. He , proceeded leisurely by day, and tied up the gunboats to the bank by night. En route, some der vishes had to be dispersed. The Nile nar rowed to 300 yards, but was deep, with weeds in places. Its waters were teeming j I with life, crocodiles and hippopotami being abundant. Forty hippopotami were seen in the course of a single day's journey, i | Large game abounded in the woods. At j Fashoda the banks were flooded, and ' Major Marchand was found camped on a | | peninsula that the flood had converted into an island. The French flag was flying. Major Marchand came off in a boat, pulled by a black crew, natives of Timbuktu. There was an exchange of courtesies. Some were surprised at the length of the Major's Dundreary whiskers; others were charmed j with his manners. He had been at Fa-1 shoda since June, and had beard no news t from France for eighteen months. The arms, &c.;, promised him had not come. His men were Timbuktu natives, the finest looking blacks yet seen in Africa. He had plenty of provisions, collected on the spot, but very little amunition left. Four out of Major Marchand's nine French col leagues, had died, two of the disease known as berri-berri, whose characteristic is sleep lessness, accompanied by sickness; one was killed by falling from a tree, and the fourth was eaten by a crocodile. None were killed in fighting. The Major toasted the British I in a bottle of sweet champagne, paraded his j forces before Colonel Wiagate, and showed j visitors over his " fortifications," which f6r' Nile warfare were pretty strong. The Sir dar seems to have had little to say to the Major. They talked on official terms only. The Sirdar had come for business, and this consisted in at once occupying Fashoda, and posts j still further up the Nile. His measures were of the usual effective kind. In these , parts, the natives are Shillooks, of the same! kindred as the Soudanese soldiers the Sirdar had brought with him to hold Fashoda. , Soldiers and residents fraternised with I ench other, but the soldiers were a little j "'auglity," like their brethren of the , Guards, and not proud of the company | they found themselves in, or the;country they had come back to. The Shillooks ' w ere granted permission to see the gun boats, but the soldie v did not like to let men and women enter in native costume, which is next to nothing. So they fur nished wardrobes of various descriptions, j sufficient for a dozen at a time, and the ' visitors took it by turns to inspect. When tbeSirdarheardof this he told his men not 1 to stand on ceremony, but to let the Shil ■ looks come in anyhow. The Sirdar is a man of action, who despises chnventione, and. it will be remembered, when he can 'so manage, takes none but single ken with him as officers. When the Duke of Devonshire was re ported by cable to have said that there was more involved in the difference with France than Fashoda, he may have in cluded the question of Bahr-el-GhazJ. There is a riverine district 200 miles by about 000 west of the Nile, below Faehoda. It is traversed by several rivers, the Bahr el-Ghazl being the principal, Gordon es tablished a Governor there when he wap at Khartoum, and it was under British Egyptian rule until the Khalifa became master of the Egyptian Soudan. Slatin points out in his book how fertile, populous, and strategically important the region is, and how troublesome France might become if she got a footing there. France has long had an eye on the Bahr-el-Ghazel. When the Rosebery Government, in 1894, offered to lease the region to Belgium, which then held adjacent Congo territory, the French Government bounced Belgium into refus ing to accept, and it was the withdrawal of the Belgian military posts which led to the incoming of the Khalifa. The present question is on what grounds Great Britain can claim to say hands off. Sir Charles Dilke, who is opposed to the Soudan policy now in favour, argues that Lord Salisbury has raised difficulties for himself by claim ing Fashoda and the Nile generally by right of conquest over the Khalifa. Sir Charles argues that the Bahr-el-Ghazl has never been under the Khalifa's rule, and he con siders the district to be territory which be come disputable through being abandoned.. But we may take it that Great Britain has always meant to hold the Baliz-el-Ghazl, and is not going to let France try on there the encroachments which were winked at and given way to in West Africa. The writer in the "Fortnightly Review" who signs himself "Diplomaticus" throws light upon the Auglo-Gerinan agreement, concerning which so much has been heard, and so little has been really known. Pro fessing to write from "information re ceived," he states that the arrangement "is in fact an agreement resulting from certain negotiations with Portugal, by which the two great powers divide between them a right of pre-emption in regard to all the Portuguese colonies in Africa. It defines the territorial sphere of each of the two contracting powers in those colonies; pro vides for the consideration to be paid as and when the colonies are alienated by Portugal; assesses the proportions of the purchase money or leasehold premiums for which each of the powers will be liable, and settles a multitude of minor questions connected with the eventual transfers." Portugal, as is well known, is virtually bankrupt. Her finances show a yearly deficit, and, being in default as regards two thirds of the interest on her external debt, she is unable to raise any more loans. Her one valuable asset is her African colonies, the sale of which would not only save her a heavy annual expenditure, but give her the capital of which she is in so much need. It is also understood that the arbitrators in the Delagoa Bay railway dispute will decide against Portugal, and that she will be condemned to pay an amount quite be yond her means. The case of Spain, too, is a warning that it is better to sell useless colonies while there are buyers in the market than run the risk of being deprived of them without compensation. The colonies dealt with in the agreement are Mozambique andLourenco Marques (Dela goa Bay) on the east coast of Africa, and Angola,* Ambriz, Benguela, Mossamedes, and Congo on the west coast, with the small settlement of Guinea on the north west, the whole having an area of 914,000 square miles, or more than seven and a half times that of the United Kingdom. These territories, though rich in natural re sources, require a large amount of capital for their development, and, under Portu guese rule, are in a condition of stagnation or decay. As " Diplomaticus " points out, the agreement makes England and Ger many partners in South Africa, controlling everything below the sixth parallel, except the southern border of the Congo Free State. This is a magnificent sphere of in fluence, and if to it be added Uganda, the Soudan, Egypt, the Niger territories, and the Caineroons, it includes more than half, and that certainly the best half, of Africa. The details of the partition are not known, except that Delagoa Bay will fall to the share of England. The agreement may be regarded as a great diplomatic triumph for Lord Salisbury, as it means hot only a vast and peaceful extension of the empire, but a good and probably permanent under standing with Germany. "Southern Cross" is the title of a penny magazine which comes to us from Sydney. It is conducted by Mr. Maxwell Keely. The principal contents are short stories and sketches, with a budget of notes and comments at the end to enable the "Southern Cross" to pass through the post as a newspaper. One or two of the stories (as well as the cuts illustrating them) seem to have come frqm America. This is (he case evidently with "The Anti-matrimonial Institute," by Mrs. Poulteney-Bigeiow, There are some sketches bv Mr; Keely him self. An unsigned paper, hy.'eqniJep»»e who has interviewed an old expioj^,fitv«s rea sons -why .De Rougemont could never have i visited Cambridge Gulf. His descriptions I do not fit. Cambridge Gulf natives are withbut .catamarans or paddles, and when they travel by water they eit astride a log. - There are no' catamarans within. 8W n\Ue& of-the-gulf.- But.it. is a littlehard on De Rougemont tb pitch Into nun for not mentioning things which an ola . ex plorer considers remarkable, and Which other persons might overlook—-such as the "Baoai!-! tree, lhe magpie goose, and tbm lobg spears with 