Epitome of News. Ceorge Towns, the Hunter River sculler, has accepted the challenge of \V. A. Barry, the English sculler, who won the Sjiorfamau- Challenge Cup in September, to row tor ^-50 a side and the Sportsman Cup. £ The United States Peace Commis sioners in Paris have offered Spain ,£4,000,000 for the Philippines, with the open door to the world's commerce, a treaty admitting Spanish merchant vessels for five years on the same con ditions as American vessels, and the mutual renunciation of indeninityclaims in regard to Cuba. Spain has been given a week for the consideration of the proposals. The Spanish Commis sioners arc more friendly. The Chapter of St. Paul's Cathedral, London, have paid the Receiver of the Bankruptcy Court the value of the, plate presented to the Cathedral by Mr. Hooley. I he amount was re ceived from an anonymous-donor. Mr. Copeland, M.L.A., recognises the great difficulties which lie in the way of rife public school, teachers dur ing the-hot * weather. ' He is desirous that the Mihistci of. Education shall take into consideration rthe .advisable ncbs of having' each of the public schools provided with punkahs,-so as to secure a coolcr-.atmosphere and better ventilation during thelsummer months, such puhkahs "tovbe worked' by->■ water power where that is available, and in other places to-be worked by hand, Considerable alarm was experienced by timid residents of Conningtou, near Perth, at the frequent appearance of a conventionally attired ^host. .. Lately a number. of residents ? waylaid; the .ap parition, who suriendered on being bailed up by a revolver. The costume consisted of a sheet, with eyelet holes, and decorated with red paint and other elaboration, /Die residents decided not tq^h'and him over to the police, but to administer a-sound thrashing_with a paling.This.-was accordingly done and the ghost set at liberty. A sad shooting accident occurred on Tuesday at Sand Flats;- neaiv Coolan gatta, on the Beny" Estate. A -young man named Harvey D. Hay, brother of Kr. Hay, and Mr. John Alorton were spending a.short holiday at Shoalhaven. They had been out shooting, and dur ing the afternoon engaged themselves in rounding up a bull. While at this woikyHav's stirrup leather broke, and he fell to the ground. Simultaneous with the fall occurred the sharpreport of a /Winchester rifle. Mortonvthou^ht Hay, who .•■■was: some distaliee.aw.ry,had shot the bull,, but 011 proceeding to the spot, foundJiim lying in a semi-con scious condition^ with a serious wound on the head above the eai and the dis charged gun lying some distance away,' it having exploded simultaneously with: the breaking, of the stirrup leather. The injured man was conveyed home, and medical assistance summoned from Berry, but lie never rallied, and died at: si^ o'clock next morning/ " The Anglican Congress was opened on Tuesday at Ballarat. Di. Thornto'n, Bishop of Ballarat,' piesidcd. There were also present the Bishops' of Bris bane, Adelaide, Tasmania, and New castle. Dr. Thornton " delivered his" opening address, ■ in the course- of which he vehemently assailed : denomi national disintegration. Australian town life was stained deep with in temperance, , p'rofanity; and: lust terrible to record, even amongst children. The testimony gathered from bush life was far from favourable,'.theft being inces sant, unchastity lightly thought of; and suicidc was becoming common. The tone of the bar was often utterly unbe coming, and the language of the legis -lativc Chambers often degrading. Public men of reputation resorted to forms of claptrap wit "and banal jocu larity over Scripture phrases and ideas;; The gambling spirit .was :a cancer. Our mirth was undistinguishable from fri volity, and our amusements.'drifted to wards folly; ":-'He feared, that Australian culture was" not yet predominantly. Christian, and lie believed that the Church was the only remedy for the evils mentioned. The eastern branch of the A.N. A. promptly met and- con-, sidered the Bishop's address. On the motion of Mr. A. M'Kcnzie, seconded by I). Browne, a motion was- passed resenting the aspersions 'cast upon Australians. At Goolabah last week a Hock of; emus came right into town, apparently, dying for want of water. 