HANNAH IPURVES' FIRST `'AND ONLY LOVE. BY NELLIE BROWN. - The hill road '.was very lonely. - It stretched, white as chalk, between the unfenced moorland for miles, broken here and there by a rough group of whIns, or diving into a belt of firs, set as close as bristles In a brush, and af fording ho glimpse of even the noonday sun to the scantily-mossed ground underneath. The great bare hills of the Lammermoors succeeded each other, with the same swell of green heather, coarse grass, and black whins as far as the eye could reach. Hannah Purves came to her door to shake the cover of the dresser. She was tidying the best room-she did not ,weary of dustinig it over and over-it '.as occupation. She was a rather plain woman, and sallow, ind her hair dressed in an old- fashioned. way added live apparent years to her age. Being at the door, she stood and look -d. The pee-wits shrilled and wheeled t on the slope to the left., by the roadside to the right the sheep were aimlessly congregating and separating. The deep sunlight brooded over everything. ?ar down on the road a speck moved I and crawled. Hannah watched it for a few moments, and went back into the t house. After the glare of the sunlight, the I room wa salmost dark, for the window t was crowded with geraniums, and their a broad leaves turned edgeways to the g light, blocked tht panes, and all their big trusses of blossom, scarlet, pink ,and white, leaned in the same di rection, hungry for the sunlight. She spread the white clqth on the polished bureau, and began to replace the orna ments, which shl had set on the Centre table-the white china dogs, the old sil ver lustre teapot without lid,the red hen with a slit in her back .for pennies. She Swiped each mechanically, slowly, and put-it methodically into the place it it had-occupled. There was a faint cry from the next e room, followed by a few feeble knocks with a stick. Hannah hastily set down a the red hen, and went through to the kitchen. Everything in the kitchen was a also spotlessly clean, but there was an atmosphere of suffocating heat, and a sickly smell from the pot of pig's meat I boiling on the fire. An old woman, in a clean, stiflly starched white cap, sat in a chair at the side of the fire. She washelpless with c age, and crippled from the consequences c of a paralytic shock; her face, wrinkled and drawn, but still alert, seemed the s only thing living about her. In one of her big, weak-knotted hands she held I an oaken stick, with which she rattled I on the floor to attract Hannah's atten- 1 tion. "What o'clock is't, Hannah?" she s asked, querulously. r "Just aboot three." answered Hun nah. "Are ye no through wi' that room d yet?" ii "Yes, I'm-dune." She lifted the heavy pot, and set it to one side. "Are. ye n wearyiti',on ye'ro tea, granny? I'II hlng - on the kettle-it'll be boilin' sune.". n ::'I dinna ken what 'm, wearyin' on," said the old woman, in the thin,'vague- st ly fretful tones of age{ "D'ye tee nae- 0 thing o' your brother?" A "He canna be hame yet," said Han- to 1nab. - - "If he no gets spree'd again," said c the grandmother. "There's nae use meetin' sorrow half- ti wa'," said Hannah, quietly. She lifted ti her stocking, and hogan to knit. The - kitten emerged from helow the table, c humped its back. and made a clutch at v the wool. - - There was a rap at the door. "Diana open it, Hannah; it's some seekin' body, and we're two lone wee min," said her grandmother. "I'll see whae it is," said Hannah. h She peered out of the window, keeping carefully behind the curtain. Then she fell back a- step, white as a ghost.' "The minister?" hazarded Mrs Purves. tl "Wait a meenit; it's a man I ken," t] said Hannah. She breathed hard, and ja looked strangely scared. But as the rap t, was repeated she went to the door, and opened it. "WTeel, here am I," said the perspiring ci man on the threshold. "I telled ye I 21 was comin' to see y --some day." tA "Ye've ta'en your time," said Hannah, b a little drily. "That's five year since." t, "No that, surely. Hold on,-IIwant'to spoak: to ye--" " -" - "But come in and sit doon," said Han- b snah, relenting. "This is my granny. s Granny, thils is Mr Glennie-I dinna ken y if I ever spoke to ye about him-we got s acquent When I was in service." a Mrs Purees eyed him suspiciously I with her vivid dark glance, as he step- e ped in sweltering and wiping his fore- a head, with mingled embarrassment and h beat. f "I was through this way," he said t apologetically. "I thought Hannah- t Miss PuIrves-would excuse me glen' her a a cry in. I hope ye're weel, mem." This n with an evident desire to propitiate. t "Just meddlin',"' said the old woman. , "We've.a right to be thankfu'-but I'm awfu' fraiL" , "And bho are ye a'?" asked Hannah, t with a faint monitory emphasis on the b last word. She had remained standing, e and preserved a cold severity of mien. r The stranger suddenly turned purple. e "She's been ta'en awa," he said. "I nedna' makn e nae secrets frae you. It waos.the drink did it ..... W oman, I ye dinna Iken what a llfe I hae had. • •'liere's a'little ane tae. . A cripple, puir taed.. It's mlther let it fa, when she wasia' right. . , I hae ha'en an awfu' life , . . an awfu' life." '"Ye needna speak against her n.own onyway." said Hannah, in the same grim monotone. . "Hannah, ye might gle the man a drink o' milk," interrupted the old woman, who, only htlf-hearing the words, and not at all comprehending them, yet took pity on his heated look. t'Dina l?sh," urged Alec Glennie.: "Oh, T wasna thiinking," said Hannah, She went into the back recesses of the house and returned with a: glass lof creamini milk on a tray. "It's rale kind, but I, wasna', heedin'," said-Glcnnle, as le t~okl the tumbler. "It'll take the stoor oot o your throat," sold Mrs Purves.- . . ,- . - "I thinik I'll be gaun," said the vlsi tor. "Will ye speak a meenlt, Hannah?" he added in at lower key, while he shook hands with the invalid. - "I dinna think it ser's," said Ha:nnah, but she went with him to the door. "Ye kten what it metins - me comln' here," he said, anxiously scanning. her pale, set face. 1"I hae some notion." "W?illye-will ye look owre 't?--I -ken I'no used ye eel--will ye marry me now?" \- "No," said Hannah, clearly but de cidedly. - 'I couldonS'a up my mind to face ye again; but I put on the resolution. I can gle ye a hame---e'ed be guild to tlie helpless iee crater- and I aye like ye, Hannah, though I was infatuate -" "There's nae use gaun back on auld Stories," said Hannah. 'I hae a helpless enough crater to look after here. I'm muckle obleeged to ye." She closed the door, and he stood stupidly staring at the handle in humiliation and anger for a few moments. The pee-wits sreanmed and wheeled; the vast silence of the moor land mocked them. For a moment he meditated on knocking again-then he turned and heavily descended theroad. "What was he? what was hlie wantln'?" demanded Mrs Purves, insistently. "I used to ken him," said Hannah. But a- tear scalded her eyes. In her pride and wrath she had shut the door on the one love of her life. It was some six months later. ai?rk Purves came In with a quick step at .n unexpected time, and his sister, who was standing at the.tale straining her eyes Soirer a sheet of-paper, hastily put it Saway, and replaced the ink bottle in the Corner of the press with a confused air, whfih her .brother.was to nmuch t.ocu ly the lire ..s i emlpty... :.:.. S" broughtup t?le piaper f'ae Duns'," said Mark, tossing it oni the table.. "The notice is a' right, but I- Jlad to pay ,p shilling for the deeply' regretted." "I'll see it the now when I light the lamp," said Hannah. "Han, what d'ye- think o' me gettin' married?" asked Mark, abruptly. "Was ye thinkin' o't?" said Hannah, letting her paper. spill burn her finger In her amazement, not unmixed with dismay. Mark nodded. "Whae on?" "Liza Colvin orc a:It Fal'rier Mill." "Is't settled?" "Lang syne..Only,. ye ken,.: she no cared aboot conlin' in to bather wi' her:" "I think that's gey hertlets o' ye, Mark," said Hannah. stung into plain speech. ' "Baith o' ye-Just waitin' or she was away. Ye might lhae telled mie any "Ther uwas nae use makin' ye nmad.' said Mark, coolly. "And ye needna be I mad, yet; it makes nae odds." . . I "Ant what aboot the?" asked IHannah, directly. - .. Her brother's selfish eyes fell. I "Oh, weel," he said, uneasily, " yell 110 likely be wantln' to bide. Ye'll can get a place, easy enough; it's nae advantage to ye bidin' here." "It's a fine way to treat a body," said Hannah, bitterly. "Ye've just made a tool o' me, Mark-I gied up a guid place, 1 and guid chances, to come here, and I've gotten a' my thanks in ae day." "Ye can bide for tile term if ye like," said Mark, sullenly and shtaefacedly, "I'll speak to Liza." 1 "Ye needna. This i a' her git-up. lBut ye needna concern yersel aboot me. I ken k what I'll dae--and maybe I'11 no seek a t place either." Sithe thought with secret exultation of the half- written letter in her apron n pocket. " ' "Oh,weel, if ye dae yersei' a guid turn r it'll no hurt me," said Mark, and loung- t ed out of the house. V Ilannah took out her letter and looked f at it. Alas, she had huddled it. by in t haste, undried, and it was all blurred d and blotted. o "I'll write the morn when Mark's oot n the road," she decided, and took up tile paper. "Puir granny," she thought, "little ye dreamed that sly Lizzie was ready to step into your shoon," She looked at the column which re cords the commencement, the crisis, the a close of eventful and uneventful lives. b And her heart seemed to stop beating as site read among the marriages: T "At Edinburgh, by the Rev. NinIan e Dinwoodie, Alexander Glennie, to Mary e Landells, eldest daughter of the late 1) Walter Keith." . She laid the paper down quietly, ana t sat collecting her stunned thoughts. She v remembered the baker's eldest daughter well-a large, slow woman, with a rather gentle aspect,, who since. her. father's death had attempted a little dressmak Ing with very doubtful success. "He needit a hoosekeeper; and site a needit a hame," she said, half aloud. "I It see. And it's my ali blame if it waslub sl n?c.'" . She had no resentment; only a dull ti sense of prospectless rregret.- She took 0 out her blotted letter again-a letter to T Alec-and her pride gave her a oinomen d tary flash of gladness that she had not k sent it. There it was, blurred and in- B complete-like life. She. put It Into the tire, and it flared- If then the red sparks ran on the black si tinder-tthere was an end of her ronance 1e \--andshe turned.a heavy heartto t the column headed, "Wanted, Domestic Ser vants."-"Illustrated Edinburgh News." 