THE SURVEYOR'S GHOST ? « ? 5? ? — ? (COMPLETE STORY.) (By ' SriNIFEX FOE THE SUNDAY TIMES.') { i-2 tents of tho sur vcy camp were Vi pitched in line— tlie cook's, the dining toiit, and these oi the four chainmen. Sliifeli^M Forty yards off was the Government tent, -where the sur-r \oyov iu charge, '^L?' \\! I I a r r y G i 11 o r d. camped Miotic. A light burning on his table v.'us surrounded by a host ot* ?\viuged insects. A bulcher-bix'd was stumbling about with badly-singed feathers. The surveyor himself was in the tent oi: Burr, tlie head chain mail, listening to what the dying man had to say. Outside, with his ear to 'the can vas. close to tho head of the stricken man, knelt Simon Pi ice; his tent mate. 'I-'osu't your wife know that you have the money':' ask«tl flip surveyor. 'Tiuii a moment ago not a soul but snysrff knew. Iu another live minutes p.o one but you'll know. I can't tell tvhy I kept it ;i secret even from her. J.'ve been ' :i close beggar, and, 1 suppose, a selfish one. But I've never set her ur The kiddies want for any vhiiig. 1 carried it about because I didn't trust banks. You promise, sir V' 'I have promised, but I'll repeat the g)rc;i:u$i.v 'She's a good little manager, and vill know how to make it spin out. Make no mistake about the stump, sir. Si's the one you always used to sit on Vhen we were camped there. It's a s-il. charred) but a lot of the roots are rdive, and have sent up saplings. The storekeeper dries his loweis on them. Dig for about a foot at the root of the stump— it's been tunnelled by ants — snd put your arm up. You'll find the box stuck a bit perhaps.' 'Two hundred and eighteen sove re.u:::-, you say V' 'Tcs. When will you go. for it, sir ?' 'The lirst thing to-morrow.' Burt moved -his head and arms un ci; sily. The surveyor noted the sign, . and said: 'If it has been safe so many -weeks it \viii keep one more night.' 'If anything happened you to-night my wife and children would he beg gars. ' ' GiS'ord laughed as he replied: '-;o; I'd come back from, the grave to siraighten things. But if it's any comfort to you, I'll got to the Soak to night and get the money.' '(ied bless you, sir— thanks.' ' . 'And now cheer up, old man. You may not bo so badly hurt as you think. Price ought to be here with the doctor from the^Cross soon. You have no pain V' 'No. sir. My back's broken. There v,-;:s a fair lot' of timber in that tree, and I got the whole weight of it. If you'd give me a drink ? ' He drank, and in the act he died. Gifford drew the grey blanket up over -.lie dead man's head, and smooth ed it over the body, then went outside and walked up and down iu tha heavy darkness before the line of touts. The sound of men's heavy breathing was a relief to him. lie listened awhile, then went into his own tent, aud tried to n sume work till the doctor should ar rive. But the horror of another's death was on him. The line lines of the plan drawings took the shape of falling trees; the groups of figures lost mean ing; the snarls of half-wild eats hunt ing food around the camp had a sound r..-4 of human groans; the smell of singed feathers and roasting insects stank in his nostrils. Oi fiord put out the light, walked forth into one of the tents, and shook the sleeping cook by the shoul der. 'Bob.' j ''Yes. boss; a'ri.' 'Here, listen a minute. Burt is dead. I'm going over to the Punie. If the doctor comes, shove him into my tent.' Gilford got ou to the track, and pressed forwai'd through the flawless dark under tlie towering gums. The four-mile track to the Punic Soak ran for part of the way by tlie e'lro of an old-time watercourse. It was a deep, narrow gully for the most part, but in places shallowed and broadened out. Gifford had jjfst go i. abreast. of tlie ordinary crossing track when there reached him the : sound of heavy feet' stumbling through the scrub, and a voice sang, whistled, and comrhed in turns. 'Hullo, there !' called the surveyor. 'TTiiilc-loo-oo-o.' returned the voice In cheerful diminuendo, and a little la tor, Price, very surprised, stood by his em] . lover. 'Where's your horse, man ? And where-'-s the doctor 'Jlorse dead lame,' boss; had to toe him at- Max's Dam. That's why I'm so late through hoofing it. Doctor can't leave tlie Cross till morning: he's got some awfully bad cases.-' 'Well, Burt's dead, so it doesn't mat ter. I'm off to the Punic. Suppose the caretaker will bo awake; it's only Good-night.' 'If you like to do a short-cut trick, you'll be there in a few minutes. You Bee this guliy winds aud turns on it Eelf.' 'How's the short cut done ? Price faced round and led the way for a few hundred yards through the denser scrub to where a tniglity gum grew slantwise from the bed of the ra vine. 'This is how it's done.' He took hold of a slender branch, and drew it carefully towards him, till he could grasp the heavy wood of the main bough; then giving himself an impetus forward, ho swung to the op posite lip of the hollow. 'Good.' said Gifford, as the _man Swung himself back in the same man ner : 'but I'm heavier than you, and ? ' ' Well, if you fell, boss, you d. only Crop f-isrlrt feet into soft scrub and . sand. Wait, I'll hold the litnb taut-) for yen. Have you got hold ? It's so -?!'.rk. You needn't spring; say 'Heady' and I'll Wt Hy.' He held the creaking bough with all the strength of his left hand, and with his right drew something from ' the back of his belt. - 'Ready,' said the surveyor. Price let go the branch, aud at the Instant, struck with his right hand be low Gift'ord's upraised left arm. The murderer stood holding his breath in check as he listened to the crash of branches, the snapping of, twurs, and the displacing of scrub, as the body clove its way to the sandy bed twe'ntv feet below. Then the vio lent oscillation of the swing-branch lessened, ceased* and all was still. A little litter. Price mounted his horse, where it had been tied in a hol low at the back of the survey camp. 'Keep your promise,' said he, looking lip to the sullen sky; 'come down and wash out tracks.' And as if in re sponse, the Reavns were, split by a jagged elbow of fire. Behind that clanged the thunder, and the clouds burst with, their weight of rain. _ Price rode, into camp. 'How d'ye manage to get so 'much jr/.sc. out of one hoss ?' »xowifcJ' the cook, peering forth. 'He rnast have grown another four legs since to-day.' 'Is Burt any worse. V' 'No; he's 'dead.' Price said'-a few words of sympa thetic. profanity, then asked: 'Boss in his teiit V' -'? - ? 'Gone:. to the. Punie.' j 'Well, I'll leave those letters on his table, and - then 'get under canvas 'with the other fellows. I don't fancy Burt's company to-nigltt.' ? The morning broke clear and hot. While the staff waited for their chief, they fashioned a coffin for their deact comrade. When it was Jinished, and breakfast oaten, a chainman went to the Punic Soak for news of Giftcrd. He returned with no news, which was bad news, meaning lest in the bush, and the search began. All tlie survey pai'ty except Price turned out. He Avas left to drivfe the body of his tent mate to Southern Cross. By noon every dam aud soak ahd bore within twenty miles of . Gifford's .camp had beeii spoken by as many searchers. Not a track was visible after the sweeping rain. By sundown the ofiice of the Public Works Department at Coolgar die had notified the head office at Perth that Gifford had disappeared— lost, it was supposed, in the dense scrub. The head office waited a few hours, and learning that the lost was not found, it made a number of me mos., did a quantity of telegraphing, authorised the employment of black trackers, anu reprehendeditlie practice of meu in a West Australian wilder ness leaving camp unprovided with a compass. The trackers by-and-bye picked up a false trail, and followed it to the ranges, where it Avas lost. By day the search never Avearied. By night streams of odorous smoke trailed sky Avard from signal tires of salmon gums and sandal Avood, and night hawks and butcher birds awoke and flapped away on frightened wings from the frequent sound of gun-fire. On the fourth day of Clifford's dis appearance, a youug Avoma.ii, with eyes tear-uroAA*ned, sought a Public Works official in his private room at. Perth, and laid a letter before him. The offi cial read and re-read it, retained the letter, and dismissed tlie Avoman,' then talked through the telephone to his friend the Superintendent of the Po lice. Next morning the official search for Harry Gifford was transferred from leagues of sand plain and mur muring scrub to open roadways, rail way termini, sea ports, and passenger lists. A letter from Burt had been found in the dead man's breast. Among other things, it told of his hoarded money, and that Mr. Gifford, to Avhom alone he would confide its whereabouts, Avould see that she received it safely. Gifford, it was understood, had had a long private talk with Burt in his last hour. Some hours after the civil and police officials at Perth had exchanged tele phonic opinions on Gilford's rascality, live men sat round a fire at the Punie Soak for the night, after the manner of West Australian nights had follow ed chill upon the day-time heat. The men had begun to keep their Christmas holidays. For the next feAV days trar fic of teams and swampers would be light and infrequent on the road. As the men sat, they talked of the search, and told each other at intervals that neA'er a finer fellow than Boss Gifford had e\'er set foot in this unspeakable country. Arid they strengthened their statement with many a slaughter house adjective, and frequent adver bial use of a sacred name, and drank to its truth in pannikins of illegitimate whisky. The Punic Soak is a mighty mound of rock, forty acres in extent ana about eighty feet in height. During rain the water drips from It at ail points, and is collected by channels into a dam. All round the desolate landscape looks as if the sea had but recently receded, .and scrub and euca lypti had; sprung up. ' The prefix Punifc Avas the evolution of the name and nickname of Soak's first caretaker. I-Iis name Avas Hick, but not only did he call himself 'Ick.' but wrote him self so. To the passing teamsters and swampers he was 'Puny Ick,' for he was a small, slightly deformed man. One night, after having drunk to above par, he saw the full moon's reflection -in the conserved water. 'I'll lose my billet,' quoth Hick, 'for letting that sun-struck rascal spoil the water.' He got a rope and a grappling iron, and, trying to remove the phantom corpse, became a bona-fide one him self. A Perth newspaper, in reporting the occurrence, corrected what it con sidei'od its correspondent's imperfect spelling of a classic name. It had been Avired 'Puny 'Iek's ' Soak.' People laughed, and the Soak Avas henceforth known as tlie 'Punic.' The permanent population of the Soak sat on two stools. They were Hallick, the present caretaker, and Brown, the storekeeper. The former was host. He ; was a- tallt thin man, with a long jaw and a promi nent tan moustache. His expansive, discontented mouth,, high conical head, and loAV-set flap, ears - gave him a cer tain resemblance to an aged cocker spaniel. He Avore his coat loose on his shoulders, Avitli his sleeves tied under his chin. . His visitors were a teamster, camped for- the night, one of Gilford's chainmen, dishQartened from the fruit less search, and a 'swamper' en route for -the field. They sat on stumps wMc&cliad; ' lfefen. cut* to .within a few feetofcftli.e ground, and -worn smooth by -friction. V-JEach man -had a pannikin, and. at ihteiwals the ' s\vamper went roumVwith two. pannikins filled respec tively with water aud Avhisky. A buc ket of each stood near the caretaker. 'Spare the water 'and punish the other,' he would say as the swamper came up for a fresh- supply 'Not that I grudge the water'— looking anxiously round- on his guests— 'because there's eight feet of it in the dam, but just be cause Ave're drinking to the luck' of the search, to say nothing of Christmas being only a day off.' The chairman and the teamster were playing cards, using as a table a fourth stump much higher than the others, and at arm's length from either player. Outside the Avide circle of . firelight gloomed the thick night. The caretaker took up a blazing twig of sandal wood and held it close to his Avateh. studied the hands intently for live minutes, then asked the SAvamper: 'D'ye knoAv that it was ten when we had our last' drink?' The swamper laboriously drew a sil ver watch from his clothes, laid it on ! his knee, and consulted it, keeping his thumb-nail on the lesser hand while lie traced the whereabouts of the lar ger .with -a shaky fore-finger. 'Welh' lie replied, his words stagger ing, 'it's only thirteen past uoav.' 'What 'f 'tis,' came in tones of liquorish indignation from Hallick ' 'F ycr. don't like yer billet o' barman, get out. D'ye hear? Yer spoilin' the l'un. I'll kick yer out.' He rose, put his pannikin down care fully, and Avbnt a feAV paces towards the sAAramper, sliding his feet along like aii amateur actor doing a sleep Avalking scene; then suddenly changing his mind, He sat doAvn again and began to cry. 'What's the matter?' asked his friend the storekeeper, hastening un steadily to his side; 'did lie hurt yer feelings, or have you goiter pain?' 'No,' wept the carctaker, jerking his thumb tOAvards the card table; 'the .sight o' them cards ou tlie stump re membered me o' Boss Gifford. D'ye mind how he used to come and sit there like this?' The caretaker threAV him self avcII forward, crossed his feet, and clasped his hands between his knees— 'aud have a pitch Avith you and me, and read liis 'letters' when the coacV came in, and his old. collie Rosy lyin' near him all tlie time?'. Hallick dried his eyes, emptied his pipe, fumbled through several pockets, and finally brought forth a ? box of . liver pills, from which he filled the bowl, capped them Avith a live coal, and continued: - % 'Cook from Gifford's camp told me old 'Rosy' is tracking with the rest leastways, she's aAvay all day, and rolls up at -night to hoAvl.' The 'swamper' was going his rounds with the two pannikins. 'Say 'when,' lie droned before each firelit visage, as he poured from the pannikin in his left, then 'right,' as he filled up. from the other under the impression that he was diluting' the spirit, and had not dipped, both pannikins from the whisky bucket. The nauseous odor of burning podo phyllin Avas sobering the caretaker. A~ night haAvk had begun to hoot, and waked up a magpie, who started carolling. Hallick remarked to the storekeeper that the 'blessed birds was a-givin' us a Christmas yim in ad A*ance. When I came through with Bailey,' continued the man, 'two years ago there Avasn't a bird had ever been here. Now there are swarms, because there's water. They follow the dams.' The chainman, Avith folded arms, and chin sunk on his breast, was re citing the 'Sick Stockrider' into the bosom of his 'shirt, and the teamster was entreating the others to listen to the piece, which 'wouldn't, be so bad if it AArasn't so damn badly said.' 'Hark!' said the storekeeper. And all listened, sitting silent and upright, to the sound of nearing hoof beats. , The rider dismounted, and brought himself - and his horse's head into the nimbus of light. It Avas Price, a short, broad- shouldered man, with arms as long as an ape's, a Avliite face that no sun or Avind ever tanned, and deep set blue eyes, with a genial expression. He had been detained at Southern Cross, first by the inquest on Burt's body, then by having his horse stolen. And in order to allay anxiety, about the safety of certain hidden money, he felt it necessary to drink frequently. Now, he AA-as disgusted to find S9 many men at the Soak, but he noted with satis faction the state they were in. Deep sleeping must folloAV deep drinking. 'No neAvs of your boss ?' asked the caretaker, after Price had tethered his horse. 'Yes, plenty. The 'traps' want him . on their own account Xt seems oldj Burt had a pot o' money, and before he died ga\\-e it to the boss to send 011 to his wife. The news was wired to the Cross just before I left.' The shock of the news half sobered the drinkers. They talked in angry chorus, repelling the implied accusa tion; but out of the tangle of sound the words spoken by the thin, high A-oice of the caretaker could bo heard as a shriek is audible above wind. He was imprecating all Avko spoke the lie, and all who listened to it, and avowing his intention to cut out Price's most important vitals, and grill them as soon as he was sober enough to move from his stool: 'Gifford steal j the money that a dead man left to his I Avidder ?' he foamed, thrusting his tan muzzle into Price's face. 'Why, even if he was dead that yarn Avould fetch him back liQre to defend— Why Godle might3r !- Avhat's the matter, man ?' Price's body had stiffened midway in the act of seating itself; his wide open eyes, gleaming like blue fire, Avere fixed at a point above the stumps on Avhich the cards had lain. One shaking hand was stretched in the same direc tion; the pannikin in the other rattled against the buttons of his coat. 'He has come back !' The five men stared where he did, bound hand and foot, and mastered by a horror that thickened the mists of their overcast faculties, and seemed to give pause to their, very' heart-beats. A bunch of scrub groAving beside the stunip waAred and cast shadoAvs, a lizard rustled through^ the foliage of the tap roots; but the six men - gazed 011 an imaginary seventh, and in their mind's eye saAV the surveyor as they had seen him twenty times in reality— the lithe, compactly-knit figure, t-Iad in rough grey tweey ; the dark, closely shorn head, Avith its incipient patch of baldness; tlio clear- cut outline of the loAvered face., as the figure sat well for Avard Avith Joosely-clasped hands be tween its Enees. For a minute there avus no sound but the labored breath ing of the living as they gazed 011' the memory of the dead; then the team ster fell forward, SAVooning on to the edge of the fire; the half-filled panni kin, dropping from his neiweless fin gers, spilt its undiluted contents over the embers, and shot up in ghastly liame. ? The tension of horror was eased. The men dragged the teamster aAvay into the dusk the other side of the fire; he stood up and gazed Avith them across the blaze. 'We're all drunk.' said he, through chattering teeth: 'maybe Ave only think lie's ther-?.' 'Yes. that's it.' Avhispered Price'; 'you're all drunk.' 'Well, you ain't,' said the caretaker, softly. 'You hadn't more than time to show the liquor tho Avay it ought to go Avhen I seen your eyes glarin' like the headlights of an ingin'. You fetched him hero Avith your tradoocin.' ' Ho turned to the others. 'Boys, let's sing a hymn, or do something religious, tlleu AA'e'll go over and ? ' 'No, Hallick, for God's sake; you'll drop dead if you -do,' and. Hallick quailed before the terror iii Price's tone. 'We'll do the hymn.' said the store keeper. 'I don't thiuk I, 'see anything there uoav. But the hymn won't 'do', any harmi' . . But, upon consultation, the men dis covered tlictt though they knew the ?airs of seA-dral hymns, none of them remembered the Avords. . 'Would it .do if Aye all . Avhistled 'Rocked iji the Cradle of the Deep ?'* quaA*ered the 'swamper.' 'Whistle it soft, you know;' only ihy tongue's like, a bit of stringy bark.' ; ^ , , . He began to whistle just attove his/' breath;. the others joined in, -and. gain--:' ing courage from the sound, finished 111: run volume. 'Now, boys, you back me up,' said Hallick, much heartened. 'I'm going over to see if the boss is there.' I-Ie stumbled round; the fire; glancing over. his shoulder to see if the others Avere following. Price rushed to where his horse Avas . cropping the scrub some yards off. Hallick pulled up a safe distance from the stump. | 'Mr. Gifford,' he began, vainly try ing to stop the chattering, of his teeth, 'AA-e're all damn glad to see you safe back, sir.' 1 Tho saplings rustled again, and the ! fire gave little sportiA'-e crackles. | 'Go over, Bill,' Avhispered the store- [ keeper, 'and feel the log.' I A horse and rider dashed out of the formless scrub, shone for a second in the fireglow, then swept into the mglit, leaving only a memory of a terror stricken face and wi Idly-galloping hoofs. Price never tightened rein till ?*.e few drowsy lights of tho Cross shone before him. He secured a' room, and passed some ho.urs persuading himself that he was the victim of over- wrought nerves, too much drink, and too little | food. As for the other ghost seers, I10 tokl himself that they AA*ere also tlie fools of drink, and the victims of thought transference from himself. When day broke he was sleeping heavily. The news from the Soak spread with sporadic SAViftness. In the morning the chainman arrived at the Cross with it. All along the road to Cool gardic the teamsters told it. The 'swamper' had been detained at the Soak for extra companionship. Price came out of a prolonged sleep, and scoffed with the scoffers at the ghostly news, and gave an exaggerated and humorous description of the condition or tne gnost seers a* xne Time oi 111s visit. But the remarks made warned him that neither he nor the treasure stump must attract further notice. He Avas anxious to settle his business and get out of the country, and his anxiety unnerved* him. That night was Christmas Eve. He again set out for the Soak, timing his arrival late in hope that tJie two resi dents would be asleep. There was a light in the store keeper's tent, and voices and laughter. Price cursed his bad luck, as he dis mounted and tied his horse amongst thick scrub. The night AA'as very dark. Another horse Avhich Price knew not was nibbling amongst the saplings. He pulled a pair of thick woollen socks over his boots, and trod softly towards a bough hut, where Hallick kept some tools. Through the. tent's open en trance Price saw the Punic's visitor, a trooper named Fitzgerald, taking a hand at cards. The recognition was another shock to his overwrought nerves. He got a spade, and crept to Avards where the spent light from the store tent gave a white haze to the circle of stumps, arguing with himself, and entreating himself not to be the fool he was the night before. He paused to wipe a cold sweat from his forehead and neck, then knelt and began , to clear a. spot for digging round the base of the stump. As he groped with frantic fingers over the sandy soil, there grew before his eyes, right where his hands moved, the form of two crossed feet. His arms dropped to his sides, and he shut his eyes for a second, arguing des perately against his folly. Nerve re turned, and the man forced himself to look upwards. It AA-as not self-control, but terror, that kept him dumb as he rose and sprang backwards, stumbling heedlessly among camp debris as he backed away from a vision of his own brain-coinoseu He swerved as U to liee towards the tents and humanity, j but at sight of the trooper hastening forth he turned and fled towards Ills horse; but the trooper's A-oice was call ing in his rear, and the trooper's spurs AA-ere jangling behind him. He cast the reins free, but ere he could fully mount tlie trooper's hand was on his shoulder, j and he Avas recognised. i 'What are you running from? Seen ; the ghost again ?' j Price nodded. The -caretaker and his ; companions bustled up AA'ith a lantern.} They chaffed him good-naturedly, then ! pressed him to come in, have a drink; i and stay the night. 'Come: along, old ! man,' seconded the trooper, his pres- j sure on the murderer's arm emphasis- ; ing the invitation, and his eye on the ! socked boot still in the stirrup. They .went back, towards .the tents, - something holding Price's eye in pass- 1 ing as the eye of a rattlesnake might ; that of, a bird. Within the tent they . set a full pannikin before him, and the night was growing old ere the trooper ceased refilling it or .the'meii stopped wishing each other a'merry Christmas. Price slept helpless and : senseless. The trooper rose softly .-from ;his shake doAvn, Avent to the sleeper's, bunk, and felt over his body. A white glimmer of dawrn filtered through the eastern side Of;; the canvas; by its. light the trooper picked the tcharge from Price's revolver, put in empty cases, then re- , stored it to its place: The knife he took from the inert waist he trans ferred to his own belt. ; The light Avidened and brightened. ; Tho trooper stepped without the tent, ! and Avalked round the circle of stumps. ; He stopped Avhere the spado lay, and bent to examine the trail of fingers on the sandy soil; then he dug rapidly till ; the great roots lay bare. 'What a time to start choppin' j Avood,' grumbled the caretaker, com- j ing to the door of his tent and blinlc- ; ing out into tho pearly light. The trooper Avas- splitting the stump Avitli ' an axe. He had struck but twice, and the. sound outer Avood Avas rent. At the third bloAV the splintered lengths fleAV apart, and from the hollow centre a tin box fell with rattling noise into a ; bed of wood dust. ' . I i The trooper beckoned the caretaker, ' and Avithout a word they opened the box and counted its. contents. It con tained two hundredtaiid eighteen sove reigns, and the Avill^of Jonas Burt. The profuse command; of -language; possess ed by the caretaker wdsi'eft from him; his jaw had dropped, displaying his fangless lower gums: 'vBy . gasps he in dicated his astonishment .and 1 delight, and, as he was, -in hiS scanty niglit drapery, executed :a fejvv steps of some frantic dance. Then signs he inti mated that it was too'v early to be ui-, and Avent back :tO;bed,::!taking the box ?; with him. ' ; ' . - :' j The trooper' saddled this .horse, and ' with tho intention of ,;f.olloAying out' some train of reasoning, 'started for t he .' survey camp, AVhere a, successor to Gil': ' ford was now In charge. |le . had cross ed the guliy,;by the AVor?i track, and was well into the -busli. beyond Avhen lie was- met . by a-, collie, dog. The dog gave the trooper a casual'- glance, bur. | did not pause in her jog-trot pace. He | had not seen her before— lie did hot \ know her 'bwnership— she was not in his programme; but so Avell did she seem to know her own business that the trooper turned and followed, desir ing to knoAv it also. Trooper Fitzgerald had not ridden far from the Punic before Hallick's numbed faculties . reasserted them selves. He could not sleep. It Avould be rank selfishness to keep the news longer. He dressed himself, and after placing the box of money open among the splinters of tho log Avhere it had been found, he started screaming to the accompaniment of a fantasia beaten on a tin dish. Out came the storekeeper, and, after an interval, out came Price. 'Where's the trooper. ?' . asked the latter, after he had looked for a while at the gold, and waited for Hallick's music arm to tire. . 'Gone to the survey camp. He rec kons he'll lay Gifford's ghost before he eats his Christmas pudding.' Price poured the black liquor that re mained on last night's tea-leaves into a pannikin ahd drank, then walked aAvay from the camp. His brain was spinning; his thoughts, chased each other in circles. A blind instinct, something stronger than will, directed : his feet till they paused on the brink .of the gully at a spot that he alone of1 all the buslimen kneAV well. He looked above at -the branches' of a great, guni that . slanted up from the bed of th?; fissure, then belOAV at the dusky foliagfe of the stirless scrub, and wished, in a spasm of dreary misery, that he couJ.d recall the past week, or that he hat: never given the place a secret to ke/;p. He stood still, as the still life roiind him, the rose of the Christmas s:un daAA'n faintly, flushing his' pale face. : Out xif the unseen depths below came the sound of a man's \\-oice. 'The murderer bent forward, his erstwhile stagnant blood racing through, his veins. ? Again-' the A'oice spoke as; if in entreaty. He crouched, listening, star ing. At ? the back of either e;je a pulse began to throb, , till each g? listen- ing eyeball was thrust forwardj under the dry lids. Something Avas cl-xmbing up from the raArine-by the trunk, of the gum.- The sandal' bushes stiri'ed, the tops of the tall saplings SAvayeci, and a lean, sinewy hand aiid sun-burat wrist reached up aud. caught al; a, branch. Price 'gazed in a trance of terrpr, neArer doubting but that the hand a.nd voice Avere Gifford's. And when thJ j back of a. closely-cropped dark . head'. shoAved through the foliage his breach stopped | for a 'second, then came'- in 'such whist ling- gasps, as one hears in tlie diph theria Avard of aii hospital. ; The hand j reached still' higher, squan;' shoulders lieaA'ed themselA-es after the': dark head, which, turning, showed ihj* stern eye* and set, white face of Tj.-opper Fitz gerald. . ' . ' ; Price reeled where he/ stood,- then realisation burst full uj; on him. He drew, his revolver- and; pressed the mu/.Kle to his temple./ The trigger snapped once, twice, th'an the weapon was pointed at Fitzgerald. The trooper sprang to the ground.; . 'If there's 'any shoot?.ng to be done,' said he, 'I'll do it. .Throw up .your hands. I arrest you'- for the wilful murder of Harry Gifford.' ? ' S.PINIFEX.' ' ITE HAS COME BACK !' 