O C J Co V-/ FRIDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1898. TOPICS OF THE DAY. The information, supplied in thei in terim report of the Royal Commission appointed to inquire into the existing condition of the penal system of Western Australia is quite sufficient to prove that Mr. $\ C. B. Vosper was : fully justified from his place in the Legislative Assembly in asking the Government to -make an inquiry by means of a commission into the method now in use for the punishment of criminals, their classification, the re mission of sentences, and the sanitary condition of Freman±le! Gaol. So far as the food supplies to the gaol are con cerned, the disclosures made in a recent libel action against Mr. Vosper ' have somewhat anticipated the Royal Com mission's findings under that heading. The interim report now before us makes one thing perfectly clear, namely, that the Fremantle prison is being run on old-fashioned lines, and altogether at variance with the ideas of modern penal discipline and criminal reform. In so many words the report states that the Fremantle gaol is structurally in no way adapted to meet the very, varied purposes which it is now required to serve. The sanitary arrangements are in many,pairticulars defective, and much behind the hygienic requirements of the present day, while the general plan of the prison is such as to needlessly increase the work of supervision and of maintaining discipline among the in mates. Now, nothing could; be more sweeping than the above concentrated condemnation of the present penal sys tem as carried . out at Fremantle. The report contains a number of recommend ations which are sure to be the subject of animated discussion when Parliament meets, and some reforms are suggested which are certain to meet with the ap proval of members who are interested in effecting an improvement- on modern lines, in the penal discipline of this colony. ' Among the many suggestions in the in terim report of the Penal Commission, ( is one which may certainly lay claim to novelty if not to expediency. The com missioners suggest that aliens, or pri soners hailing from the other colonies, should have every inducement and en couragement held out to them to return to their native homes. ' The commis sioners have examined a number of pri soners who come from Indiai, Africa, or South America. Those prisoners are usually persons whose ethical code, if any, is not in consonance with Australian ideas, and their antecedents do not point to the likelihood of their ever becoming desirable Australian . cotonists. Many of these men have the means to leave the country, and are extremely desirous of doing so.' The commission does not consider that, in the interests of the community, it is at all desirable to dis courage this wish. On the contrary, it would be wise policy to facilitate the departure of these persons by remitting the balances of their sentences condi tionally on their leaving Western Aus tralia. In plain English, the commis sioners say that the alien's room is bet ter than his company, and they do not see why the State should be put to the expense of keeping him in gaol, and after his release have to put up with his presence as a settler. . As an, alterna tive they say : 'Cleai\hini out straight away,' remitting the balance of his sen tence as an inducement for him to quit our shores. A controversy, has arisen in the press of the eastern colonies with respect to the alleged discovery of Australia in the year 1606, by Pedro Fernando de Queiros, (more generally known as Quiros, a Portuguese navigator in the service of Spain, -who rose from the posi tion of a seaman before the mast to that of a commander of* flotilla fitted out by the Spanish Government for the purposes of geographical discovery and colonisation. The claim, says a Melbourne correspondent, was recently, advanced by Cardinal Moron, of Syd ney, and it is, somewhat surprising to find an educated dignitary of the church so imperfectly acquainted with the life and voyages of a. zealous Catholic like Queiros, as' to put forth any such pre tensions on his part. In the 6Uth chap ter of the 'Viajes' of that adventurous voyage, Queiros describes his discovery of what he supposed to be a. great Southern continent, and of which lie took possession in the name of his church, of the Trinity, of St. Francis and St. John, of the order of the Holy Ghost, and of the King of Spain; and he called the country not Australia, but Austrialia del Espiritu Santo, in honor of the Royal home of Austria, to, which he dedicated his discoveries. , He fur ther tells us that he marked out the site of a city, which was to be named the New Jerusalem ; and that he organised an administration consisting of 23 persons, who were duly sworn in, as it was his purpose to return to Spain, and to in duce the Government to colonise Aus trialia. Unfortunately for his visions of a great dominion in the Pacific, and fortunately for mankind, it turned out that his imaginary continent was only an island, and not a very large one either. It- still beai-s the name he gave it of Espiritu Santo, and is the most westerly of the New1 Hebrides group; so Queiros was never within 18 or 20 degrees of the island continent of Aus tralian ?'-..;? 