Spain's Pitiable Case. The following pathetically written article occupies the leading columns of a Canadian contemporary :—One cannot help feeling a deep pity for those poor trapped Spaniards in the harbor of Santiago de Cuba ; or repress something akin to a shudder at the words of Commodore Schley : " I have got them and they will never get home." Poor Spain. Don Quixote had as good a right <o canter forth from La Mancha mounted on his Bosiuante and accompanied by hi} faithful Sancho, and expect to conquer the world as Spain had to step into the lists of war against the United States, Those brave Spanish words of defiance and menace were mere empty words and nothing more. The Spanish army is compounded of strange elements : Carlists from Galicia and the noith-western provinces Democrals from Catalonia and Biscay: Be pubiicans from Andalusia; and Boyalists from Castille ; an army that may do any thing, that may only be waiting for "the one strong man in a blatant band " to throw off its allegiance to the Alfonsos and follow whither the boll spirit of its new idol may lead. There is a splendid oppor tunifcy now in Spain for a leader of th Napoleonic stamp ; a man who could mag netise and dazzle by his supreme talents and crush opposition by his demon energy and the grandeur of his Gchemes. The army that Louis Napoleon employed to effect the coup d'etat was not more ready for a gigan tic enterprise or crime than the Spanish army is to-day. Many of its officers, from highest to lowest, are known to cherieh viewB in 'no wise favorable to the reign ing dynasty. Then Spain's fleet. The large defence ship Numancia—what could be more pitiable, what could bs taken as a better example in miniature of the kingdom than that battered and neglected war vessel ? The ct aos aboard the Numancia is not more melancholy, more pathetic than the chaoB of the Spanish nation, with its shattered finances, ruined credit, decaying trade, declining monarchy, blasted agriculture, and its poor .flaunting rags of a glory long eince departed never to return. Numancia is a name to conjure with ; no name in all the splendid annals of the Spanish people is prouder than that which recalls the heroic defence of Numantia's walls again Btthe conquering army of Scipio—a defence which ended only with the last breath of the last man within the. riven citadel, when the Boman legionaries put to the sword the whoie of the noble remnant of defenders. Well may the patriot Spaniard of to-day exclaim, " Oh, for one hour of Numantian devotion I" But it were utterly vain. The misconceptions and the false statements regarding the United States navy have been cleared away in those whiffs of shell and solid shot at Manila and in those manoeuvres off Cuba. The world has aleo found out the fall extent of Spnin's weakness. It is well for Spain that her opponent is a nation that knows how to treat a conquered people, that takes no delight in war and that has produced a general who spoke the feeling of every heart in the Northern States when he said. " Return their horses to them (the conquered Southern army) ; they will need them for the ploughing." Spain as a conqueror h&s; not been merciful ; the accusing ghosts of Montezuma, of Atahualpa, of Bobadil, and of the mournful multitude of the Spanish Jews tell the sad tale of Spanish fury and mercilessness. Nevertheless, in this final struggle Spain will obtain mercy ; and, taught by those terrible reveries, she may rise upon the ruins of her former state and prove that the germ of true greatness in the old Iberian race has only been crushed, not destroyed, under centuries of misrule and adversity. 