? ELOQUENT SESllOtf BIT GATliEB GJMjEBAN. The beautiful church, standing On the heights of Gormanston, was solemnly blessed at 8 o'clock on Sunday m iming last bv the Bev. Father Gilleran, of Si Mary's Cathedral, Hobart, who immediately afterwards celebrated Muss therein. At U o'clock a second Mass was celebrated by the Rev- M O.Callaghan, pastor of the district. The church at this service was.fillei to,overflowing by a congregation consisting principally of men, many oE them being visitors fi-om <Jucenstown.' AfLer the first Gospel,. the Rev. Father Gilleran ascended ~tlie altar steps and prcaclicd the dedicatory sermon, founding his remarks on tbe epistle read in the Mass of tho day—I'cnticoBt Sunday. The day lie described as tlie birthday of the Catholic Church—an event that was of vast impoitance to the human lace. In order to understand this, he invited his hearers to briefly consider tlie condition of the world before Christianity. With the ..exception of the Jewish nation the human racc had abandoned the worship of the true God and fashioned to themselves so-called divinitiesoE their own, and to which they did not hesitate to offer the worship of their hearts and sometimes even the sacrifice of human victims. As a result of this false worship public morals had become so corrupted that the world was breaking down under its weight of sin, and men were wearied by aud heart sick of the abominations that surroundcl them on all sides. Christ, the Healer oE Nations, came and established His church, giving to His AposCles the assurance of His ever-abiding presence anil help, and promising to sen ! the Holy Ghost, the Spirit of Trulb, to te.ieh tficm all truth and lo nbile with then forever. The Holy Ghost deseemled onllhc Apostles, as described in the Epistle of the day. Tho religion of Jesus Christ entered on its mission oE civilisiugand sarins liuai i-iily. It demanded unconditional sun-en lur and abandonment of old and cherislie 1 cu a.inn customs that had grown up with the peiplc for centuries. It obliged men to hate what they had loved before and to love those things which tlicy had hitherto fearel ami hated. The old pagan tcnplei an 1 altars before which their fathers had worshipped for generations, must be forsaken ; the idol, to which they had long offered.incense must be torn down aud trainplcl upon, and ths Cross, hitherto the symbol ot disgrace, niu-it be raised up in honor, and men must kneel and pray beneath its shadow and a-lorc and bless Him that was crucified upon it. The preacher thou referred aL length to the hostility shown to tbc Christian religion j by the pagan world and by the powers of earth and hell down to the present day. This, however, was only what might Im expected, for the words of Clu-ist to the Church were true in every age : " If the world has persecuted Me it will also persecute you." True, indeed, in these southern lands there was no public persecution of religion. Australia, tho fair and free, would tolerate no persecution for conice sake. Tho heritage oE Christian liberty was ours, and no power ou earth dare lay sacriligeous hands upoi it. Tiic worst that dare be done here was to ignore, or as sometimes done by the unthinking and tlie ignoraut, to scoff at the church's glorious history, and to pass over in silcnc: her priceless services in the causu o£ huaian free lorn and Christian civilization. The Church in the past had been victoriou-i by the mighty power ol truth, and what she ha 1 been she would never ccasc to be. The Ecv. Father O'Callaglmn having concluded tlie mass, Miss S. Mylan sang as a solo, "Sancla Maria," the aeeompanim ;nl being played by Miss Mylan. The donations r.eccivcd amounted to tho handsome sum of £200 (including a donation of £150.) This money, in addition to the amount received at the bazaar, enabled the Uev. Father O'Callaghau to announce that the church was opened free of debt. Another announcement made was the receipt of £130 from the executors of the estate ot the lale Mr. James Crotty, to pay off the debt on the church. He also intimated that a monument was on foot to erect a memorial in the church to the late Mr. Crotty, who had proved 6uch a benefactor to St. Mary's Church. The rev. gcuLlcman expressed a hope that this memorial would take the form of a cottage for the accommodation of the uuns who would open a school for the children of the town. He also made a reference to the lcLlcr which Mr. Crotty wrote to him in reply to the request for funds to build the church. The letter, the Kcv. Fathep O'Callaghan said, was one which had been read with interest in many places in Tasmania and it showed that Mr. Clotty acknowledged that his Creator was the guiding hand which led him to make so much wealth out of the copper fields of the West Coast. In the evening at devotions the church was again filled, the llev. Father O'Callaghau eificiating. 