COMPLETE STORY. fPUBLISHED BX SPECIAL AEHJLN'GEHE^'T.] THE CRIMEAN SHIRT, E. W. HORNUNG, tuiior of "A'Bride from the Bush,1 The Rogue's March/' "My Lord * " ' Duke/' &c.;, &c.; [copyright.] ^7 T IS NOW rath er more than t w c 1 ve years since the disap pear a cc e and the finding of H e nry Powell, on 2Iooroo 1 o o 1 o o station, in . t h rather less since the subsequent case in which I myself was perhaps the principal witness. And I think that the time has arrived for confessing that the evidence which I grave on that occasion, though indeed " nothing but tKe truth," was nevertheless not " the whole truth "at all. I did not and I do not believe there was a single being in that colonial court who would have credited the whole truth had I told it then and there npon my oath. Nor was it essential to the case. Nor did I care to return to the station, new chum as I still was, with vet another handle for native born buffoonery. But I am no longer the storekeeperv at Mooroolooloo; and I believe the public mind to be broaaerthanitwas in the matter ofso-called ghosts. At all events I am going to tell yon for the first time what my own eyes saw, on a day and night in January, in the yearlS8t. *1 had been 60me six weeks iu the Biverina, and I was alone at our homo station for the night. The owner was paying us a visit. He and the manager were camping at an out station nineteen miles away. The overseer was absent on his holiday. I had the home stead entirely to myself, for there was neither woman nor child upon the place. Suddenly, between nine and ten o'clock, as Isatsmoking ; on*the back veranda, a spur jingled, and I made out the crinkled moleskins and the felt wideawake of one of the men. "Powell the rabbitcr is lost in the hush, mister," said be. I sprang to my feet, for the] news was like that of a man overboard at sea. " How long has he been out ?" " Since yesterday morning." "But 1 thought he camped with old Wylie at the fire-mile wbim ?" ■, "So he does." j " Then why didn't Wylie come in sooner ?" 1 "Ah, there yon hit it," said, my man. " That's what we've all been asking him, but Wylie says his mate was given to stopping odd nights at other chaps' camps, and he never thought anything of it till he didn't turn up this evening. Even if he had he in-t, couldn't have left the whim, Wylie couldn't, with no other water anywhere near, and the sheep drawing to the trough from four paddicks. But he'e come in now, and he's up at the hut if you like to see him." And at the men's hut I found the whim driver, the centre still of an attentive group, but' no longer, I thought, the target of questions and cross-questions implying criti cism and blame. On the contrary, there was now every token of sympathy with the anxiety -and distress of mind "from which Wylie was obviously suffering, and at the ' sight of which I also could spare him some of the pity which I felt for the missing rabbitcr. The whim-driver was an elderly man, with brown wrinkles all over bis face, and gray whiskers parting at a baggy throat: but he was still powerfully built, and a typical bush man with his eagle eye and his strong bare arms. His eye, however, was hot with horror and remorse as it met mine, and the whole man twitched as he told me his tale. "If only I had guessed anything was wrong, 3Ir. Forrester," he cried, "I would have left the sheep in a minute, though my billet depended upon it. But he's so often stopped away one night that it never bothered me till the day wore on and he didn't come back. God forgive me, I never even thought of telling the bosses when they passed this morning on their way to the out-station. •Yet I might ha* known-—I might ha* known. He was a sailor, poor Powell was, and bailors are always the worst b ashmen. I've known him get bushed before, bat only for an hour or two. And to think of him being out all this time—in this heat, with not a drop of water in the_crab holes. Ho may—he may be dead already—my poor mate, my poor mate!" With that he tnmcd his hack upon tis, in the most eridentngltrition, so that we thought it kindest not to refer to him in the brief council of war which the men and I now held together. It' was promptly decided that all hands should form a search party to start at daybreak, with the exception of Wylie and myself. Wylie must return to his troughs. 3fr knowledge of the country was as yet very limited, and therefore, I was the one1 who could best be spared to ride, at once to the oat-station, and inform the "bosses" of what had occurred. The night horse wasj the only animal in the yard, hut I took it to save time; and shortly after ten o'clock rode off with Wylie, onr way coinciding: as far as the whim. There was" no moon, and the night was anything but clear for that land of bright stars and cloudless skies. A hot north wind of several days* duration had flown suddenly into the south," whence it was now blowing hard and chill, so that I buttoned my coat up as we cantered side by ride, and took off my eye glasses lest the rushing wind should lift them from my nose. We spoke very little as we rode, though once more, when we drew rein and ambled for a little, my companion reproached himself for not having given an earlier alarm. It was impossible not to feel sorry for him, but equally impossible to acquit him of blame, so I said very little in reply. When we came to the hut a cull red glow burnt steadily within, and Wylie sighed bitterly as he explained that he had built up the Are before leaving, that his poor mate might And all comfortable if some happy chance should bring him back. He added that he supposed I would push straight onwithont dismount ing ; but I was cold and the glow looked grateful, and I had slipped from the saddle before the words were out of his mouth. Next moment I uttered a loud cry.**. The door of the hut was at one end, to the left of the dying fire, and at the opposite end were two low, rude bunks, one in each corner. On the foot of the right hand honk, sat a figure I could have sworn to even without my glasses. It was the missing rabbitcr. in a red-checked shirt which I had often see him wear, and his face was buried in his hands.' "Wylie," cried I, wheeling round on the threshold, "he has como back, and here he is —sitting on his bunk!" It was too dark for me to sec Wylie's face, but he tumbled rather than dismounted from his^horse, and I felt him- trembling as he brushed passed me into the hut. I followed him, but dnring the single in>tant my back had been turned the rabbiter had moved. He was not on the bank. Wylie kicked the logs into a blaze and then turned upon me fiercsly. For the rabbiter was not in the hut at all. " What d'ye mean," he roared, "by play ing tricks on a chap who's lost his mate? Out of my hut, you young devil, out of my hut!'\ Never have I seen man more completely beside himself; he was shaking from head to foot in a perfect palsy, and his- clenched fists were shaking in my face. I assured him I had played no conscious trick; it was my defective eyesight that must have played one on me. Now that I pnt on my glasses I could see that the hut was empty but for our two selves, that it must have been absolutely empty till we entered. And yet I could have sworn that I had seen the lost rabbiter nurs ing his face at the foot of the right-hand bunk. My companion cooled down, however, on becoming convinced of my good faith, and instead of turning me out, seemed to set his heart upon explaining my fancied vision before ho would let me go. Pictures from the illustrated papers had been tacked up over the rabbiter's bunk. One was the old coloured print of Red Riding Hood, with the four trees like an elephant's legs; and Wylie wpnld hare it that the firelight glowing on the child's hood had made the splotch of red, which my nerves had exaggerated, into a Crimean shirt. To me this explanation seemed more ridicu lous than the thing it sought to explain, but I had to admit that I could see but poorly without my glasses, and indeed I was vert ready to confess to some inexplicable delusion on my part. So at that we left it, and I was glad enough to turn my back on the five-mile hut, and to push on to the out-station at a hand-gallop. Mr. Armit, the owner, apd Mr. Mackcson, his manager, were still sitting up, discussing ways and means of . coping with the long-continued drought, and the owner was good enough to praise my promptitude in coming,to them at once. It was now mid night, and after a little consideration it was decided that we shonld all lie down for a bit preparatory to starting back a couple of hours before daybreak, in order to take part in the search, "for my part, I made myself very comfortable before the fire, with my saddle for a pillow, and fell asleep in a moment. And in another, as it seemed to me, there was Mackcson laying hold of ray shoulder and shouting in my ear that we were an hour late in starting as it was. Our owner, however, had long "been accus tomed to the hardships of the bash, and when the time came he could not face the keen edge of the day without his pannikin of tea and his bite of " browuy." So the sun was on us before we were half way back—not the red ball of nineteen out of twenty Rivcrina dawnings. but a coppery disc like a new penny. Clouds of sand were whirling in the wind, which had risen greatly in the night and was rising still; puffs of sand kept break ing from the plain to join the clouds, and we coughed, all three of us, as we cantered neck and neck. 'Do you think you could drive n whim, Forrester ?" said Mr. Armit, drawing rein as we righted 'the five-mile, and suddenly ling to me. I believe I could, sir. I have seen one working, and it looks simple enough." "It's as easy as it looks if you k£ep your tank nice and full and feed your troughs regularly. Wylie will show you all that's necessary in five minutes. The fact is, I think of leaving you in charge of this whim here, since rou can hardly know the paddocks well enough to be of much use in the search, whereas Wylie knows every inch of the run. What do you say, Mr. Mackesoa? It is for yon to decide." "I agree with you, air. But where's the whim got to?" " Bless my eonl!" gasped the other. "I was afraid we were in for a dust storm, but X didn't think it would eomo so qvuct. Indeed, we were in the thick of the storm already* It was but a moment since but and whim had disappeared in-a whirl of deep yellow sand, and now we could see nothing at all beyond our horse's ears. W not many hundred yards from thc, "Give them their heads! Bhnehed Mackeson,- and, following his advice, we .-ained the hut before the sea of a££-b™ ScAed us utterly. It literally tinkled on the corrugated roof, and wc lc<l in the horses after us, so terrible was .the storm, the whim-driver lighted a slush lamp and put the hilly on the firo to give us some tea- every thing in the hut wore a glistening yellow coat Tli»re were lavere of sand-on our very eyelids, and what the owner sqnecced from his heard alone made a little sandhdl on the ""'Poor Powell!" he suddenly exclaimed. " This is the hardest lnckof all upon lnm. It will blot out his tracks. , It wdl double the agonies of thirst he must already have endured. I am very much afraid ffiat it nill destror our last cbauce of finding him-aliye. And Mr. Armit looked reproachfully at tie whim-driver, who was making the tea with his back turned to us, crunching:oyer the Arc in an attitude so humble and disconsolate that it wouH have been inhuman as well as useless to find open fault with him now. For a few seconds there was silence in the hut, silence broken only by the «mtmual tinkle on the roof, which, .however, was louder then it bad been. Then of a suMcn the man at whom wo were all -loohmg wheeled round, sprang up, and pouued dramatically to tho rattling roof. You are wrong—wrong—wr&ngr; . cn . be, hoarsely. " Listen to that! That a not sand—that's rain. -All tho worst dust storms end so; it'll rain the best part of an inch before it stops. Instead of doing for him tbis'll—save—bos—life . . .. He looked from one to theo.herofu^-haif in triumph, half in terror. stiU, I then down on his knees and back to the boiling billy and the sugar and the tea. 1 saw him throw a handful of each among the bubbles—saw his fingers twitching as they spread—and I knew then that the whim driver's confidence was only lip-deep. But a part of his prophecy came tone enough. It rained until the- crab holes were full of water, until there was drink enougn abroad upon the plains to give the whim a good week's holiday. Long before it stopped, however, I had the five-mile hut to myself, with that dismal rattle on the roof. and a dall fire of damp logs spitting distressfully beneath the great square chimney. ine troughs were not needed, and that was well, they were buried and biddeu beneath a najre, of drifted sand, and I was to clear them with the long-handled shovel, instead of driving eanTtill see those three horsemen bobbing into infinite behind the lances of the rain, and I see myself, a lonesome, a spindle-shanked figure, in leggings and breeches aud the felt wideawake which still bangs oumy nail. and I do not look , very happy as I stando ut the door of that hut, beneath the dnppm? corrugated eaves. Bat . L do look a little elated and proud. I am going to spend days and nights in a but five miles from any mortal soul, and I am yonng enough to appreciate playing Bobinson CrusOT in earnest. It will be.a good experience to put in the next letter home. A.good experience. The rafn' ceased before noon, wnen I had some lunch (for there was plenty to cat in Wyiio's ration bags) and then turned out ( with the long-handled shovel. My spirits i rose in tho open air. My own actions were less nbisv and nerve-disturbing than I had found them in tho-lonely hut, and I could | look nil around me as I worked, without constantly foreseeing the hut door darkened hv some "apparition that might be welcome enough, but which must certainly startle me when it came. The events which I have already chronicled lay heavy on my nerves. I was onlv nineteen years of age, and I was cursed with an imagination. ^ Xothin", therefore, could bavo been better for me than the play I made daring the next few hoars with the long-handled shovel. Now and then I knocked oft to rest my back i and smoke a pipe; bntonce started, I stock to my work pretty closely up to five o clock bv the oia Waltham watch m the leather p'oucb on my belt. And it punished every muscle in my body : the shoulders felt it as I plunged the shovel into the heavy wet sand, the arras and shoulders as I awuug'it out loaded, while, the strain ^upon back and legs was continuous. My task was the harder owing to the shovel having been bent land Wonted by some misuse; yet, so far from loathing it, I was nevej; prouder of anything than of tho five and twenty yarns of ) submerged trough which I uncovered and I cleared that January afternoon. ^ To tire the body Is tho surest way of cleansing and purifying the mini, and I can I honestly say that I returned to tho bat without any morbid fancy in my bead, I indeed withno anxiety about anything but I the fire, which I had foolishly forgotten Judge then of the sensations with wh.cb I -food still on tho threshold. Tho hut had no windows, bnt the afternoon had turned out very fine, the son shone merrily through a hundred crevices, and there, on the foot of the Bame bunk, sat the lost rabbiter, pre cisely'as I had seen him sitting tho night ^Howlong I stood, how long he remained, I do not know. I remember a hollow voice calling his name. I remember the pattenng of roy own tottering feet; my nerveless fingers clutching the empty air, my tremb ling body flung headlong on the other bunk, and the sobs that shook-it as it lay. For then I knew that Henry Powell was already dead, and for the seoond tome I bad s:en tea Not a particle , of doubt remained in my mind. " I could not be mistaken twice—-I was perfectly certain that I had never been mis taken at all. This time, however, there was ho dull red glow to play conceivable tricks in the darkness, for the fire was out, and it was almost as light in the hut as it wasontside. Yet there I had seen him, in the self-same attitude, oa tho self-same spot, his hands covering bis face, his board showing between his wrists, liia elbows planted on his thighs. I could have counted the checks on his Crimean shirt, and this time the glasses were still upon my i.oso. Yes; I was absolutely certain of what I had seen, and that very certainly was now my, consolation. The worst is worst of all before it happens; and the knowledge that I hod seen a ghost was much more supportable than the doubt as to whether I had eeen one or not. The ghost .would not barm me after all; instead of sympathing with • myself I should grieve for the poor fellow' who was already beyon.d the reach of succour. Had they fouiid him yet ? Had they found the body? And, if so,,would the whim driver return to his post at once and set me free ? My heart beat fast with the hope, in defiance of my head. I might reason with myself that a poor ghost was no fit com panion, but how I longed to get awajr? Even then, however, my courage failed me in another place. Who would believe my yarn ? So I stayed where I'.was—and have held jmy tongue till now. Sandown roused rae, for I must have my tea, ghost or no ghost, and to make tea I must relight the fire. Here an obstacle con fronted and ultimately vanquished .me. There was a wood heap outside, but, of course, the wood was damp, and though I looked for tho axe, to chop to the dry heart of the wet logs, I had not found it when night fell hastily, forcing me to abandon the search. So I went without my tea, but ate with what appetite I had. and washed down the mutton and damper with pannikins of water from the nine-hundred-gallon tank outside. 'I had lighted the " slush-lamp " (moleskin wick in tin of mutton fat), and I sat wjttch« ing the foot of the dead man's bunk as I ate, but no further vision interrupted my meal. And afterwards, when I was smoking my pipe in the open air, I would look in every few minutes, and post where the light was burning, for I had an odd idea that I most see the apparition thrice. And I wish I had. Yet of what I saw. twice I am* as positive now as I was then. It was a magnificent night; the rain had drawn the fever from the snn-baked plains, and left even that clear air clearer than I had known it yet. Every star was a diamond in the dark-blue vault, and my little pipe made tbe only clouds between earth and heaven. Often as I filled it, I had to light it still oftener at the fiame which I had left horning in the hut, for I was :rapt in. thought. You are nowhere nearer to God than when alone in the bush beneath, the undimmcd tropic stars. I' cannot .say' what brought it home me, or by what chain of thought I chanced the conclusion, bat all at once I stood still and knew that the hand of God was in tho apparition which I had seen. .It moant something. . What did it mean ? There must be some reason why .1 alope . and not Wylie for example, had been made to see " tbe lost man sitting on his* bank. ' Then what could that reason be? • I thought, 'and thought, and - thought, sauntering round and round -the hut the while. At last I entered, hut not to light my .pipe. T do not know' what I meanfc to do: I only know what I did. I walked to the foot of Powell's hunk; and sat down where I had seen Powell . sitting, .with a vague feeling, I believej that in that spot and in his own attitude my spirit might receive some subtle communication from that of the rabbiter. What I did receive was a tumble; for the foot of the bunk gave way beneath me, and I found myself deposited on the ground instead. Yet he, whom I had seen sitting there, had been in life a much heavier man than myself! These bunks, or bush bedsteads rather, are constructed " upon universal and very simple lines. Four uprights *are, driven into the earth floor of the hut or tent, and then con nected by horizontal poles with sack-cloth slung across. The result combines the merits of both betL- and hammock; but the uprights must he firmly rooted in tho ground, and I soon saw the explanation of the present downfall; the ground was all loose at the foot of the lost man's bed, and tho ontcr upright had gono down like a nincpin beneath my Veight. For tho moment I was merely puzzled. The ground had worn so hard elsewhere in the hut, that I could not imagine why it should begin to crumble in this particular corner. I reached the slush 'lamp nud peered under the middle of tho bed. There it was the same— as soft as a sandhill—but recently flattoned with a shovel. I saw the*"ccncave marks. And suddenly I leant back, and got up quietly, but with tbe perspiration running cold from every pore, for now I know why the visible form ,of Henry Powell had appeared to ms twice upon the foot of his bed. It was to tell me that his murdered remains lay buried beneath. Now I. knew why Wylie had pretended to be behindhand in bringing in his news; it was that we might think his mate really lost, and be ourselves so'full of blame for an error of judgment that there should bo no room in our minds for deadlier suspicions. Now I understood his rage and horror when I cried out that there was Powell come back—his subsequent anxiety to explain away ray vision. And tho missing axe—what had it done that he should hide it ? And the long bandied shovel—I know what had 'blunted and bent it now ! I remember mechanically locking at my watch, and yet not seeing the time, I remember looking again, and it was' not quite half-past nine. The time1 goes so slowly when one is alone, and' midnight ' begins so soon: but I was thankful it was earlier than I had thought. Now I could' make sure—it would all be less ghastly , than ' in the veritable dead of night—and then-'to' ' tho station withmy news before anybody was iu bed. The miscreant Wylie! How well ho had acted his diabolical part—in there at tho men's hut—out here before the owner und th manager? Indignation at his bloody villainy' became my first emotion, and it nerved mg mightily. I tore away tho poles and tbo .. sacking, and the soft earth rosb in a mound— . it had all been put back! I run for tho long, handled shovel, and, urged on by my boiling blood, I began to dig. -( , God knows how I went on! A boot stuck out first, and wtien I felt it there was a foot inside. It was scarce eighteen inches below the ground. Next I uncovered the Crimean shirt.- That was enough for me. . As I bent over it with tho light, and blew away thy sand, I saw here and there the red checks (ny plainer than in my vision, however, but tha most of tbem were blotted out by a "dart:, stiff stain. I delved no deeper; this was" indeed enough. I turned away, deadly sick, without rising from my knees—and there was Wylie himself watching mo from the door ! I set the light down ou the table—thai, at any rate, was between us—and I looked up at him from my knees. He wus glaring down. on me with the most ferocious expre3aioa,. every wrinkle writhing, and that loose pouch at»his throat swelling as if with venom for spitting in ray face, but so far as I could see. he was unarmed; his bony right hand rested on what I took to bo the handle ox a stick, and luckily the long-handled shovel by ' within' rcajfh of mine. I was the first to speak. * ; *■* I have found him," said I. " More fool you." . " Why so? I am not frightened of you." " ' Not frightened to die P" • . "Not particularly; you'll follow me joou ' enough. One murder you could only conceal - one day, and how long are you going co con- • ceal two? Besides, you've got to kill ms first!" • And I was on xny legs with .the long shovel in both hands. • . . " That's soon done," he answered with a laugh, and then I saw my mistake. What I had taken for a mere stick was the tnTwmg axe; he must have, hidden it somewhere out-' side, and, after-first catchiug'rae at work, stolen away and come back with it on tiptoe. Now he took two strides into the hut, and, as the axe came up over his shoulder and • hung there, I saw bloodstains ou the blade. The sight of them delayed - mo at the critical.' instant; yet-1 lunged as he struck, then started back, and the axe-head split through the table as though it had been a cigar-box. With a curse he wrenched it free, but I was on him first, and round and round we went, and over and over, until I had the wretch at my mercy 'iu the very grave which his own hands had dug. -At my. mercy because he lay as : ona paralysed when, he found his body stretched out on that of hia victim; but how long that would have lasted I do not care .to conjecture. He was stronger than I, though less active, and I think that bis strength must soon hare come back tenfold. It had not done so when I caught the beat of the sweetest musio I have ever heard—the music of eight canter ing hoofs drawing hearer and nearer to ths hut. a The slush lamp had fallen and gone out when the axo fell, but my eyes were searching . for that villain's, eyes in the darkness, and I would have given some thing to ace them as the tnusic fell on his cars too—as the horsemen's spurs jingled on the ground outside and then in the hut. . "Is Wylie here, Forrester?" cried the manager's voice. ^ "He is." , "We suspect him of having murdered; Fowell himself!"- . . " He has done so. Strike a light and you shall see them both." But at the trial I said nothing of my two visions, for, as I have stated, I mid not then the moral courage, and the case was complete : without that. My story began when the bed collapsed beneath me—that wasall—so terri fied was I of making myself a discredited laughing-stock. Now I do not care, nor da I think there will be so many disbelievers. At all events I havo relieved my mind by telling the whole truth at lust—so help zoo God. This I think irrelevant, but.those who am interested, and who do not know it, may be glad to learn that Wylie the whim-driver lived to die as ho deserved. 