£itcrarv J Gossip. ' [By JUSTINE.] Du Maurier's "The Martian," sent by Mr. Dutneal, bookseller, William-street, is weary reading as compared with the same author's famous " Trilby." Wearisome because of the amount of padding: useless verbiage that serves no purpose, only to prevent the readers from catching the gleams of brightness that illumine the pages. A lot of the matter contained in the book is merely waste of good printers' ink, and had the story been pruned, and divested of all irrelevant matter, it would have been a readable and rather brilliant production, Here and there one comes -aoroBa whole pages of bright heartsome descriptions of the characters, that of Barty Josselyn being particularly well conceived, as is that of Leah Gibson, who became JosBelyn's wife and the mother of such a numerous, beautiful, and talented family. There are many supernumerary characters in the story, many of whom are life-like, and indeed there are no dummies to le found throughout the 470 pages. Maurice, the Sdus achates, the schoolmate and lifelong friend of both Josselyn and Leah, and who tells the tale, is, though always occupying a secondary position, a character that one feels conscious of all the time, and cannot help feeling a strong regard for, perhaps on account of his very modeBty. The Martian is clean, wholesome story, though soaring a trifle beyond the common comprehension, inasmuch as the plot hinges on the abstruse and metaphysical. An inhabitant of Mars, or rather the soul of suck an one, goes through the process of incarnation on this earth, passing from the body of one aniinal to another, until it finally settles in that of the daughter, born rather late in life— the ninth child of Barty Josselyn and Leah Gibson. The name of the incarnation was Martia and this spirit held communication with Barty at intervals from 'his ohildhood, and was his inspiration when, after his marriage, he turned his attention from painting to literary work, becoming in •a few years a famous novelist. Martia informed him of the fact that her last or final reincarnation would be as his child, and asked him to call the child Martia, which he did. She grew to be a lovely girl, and died at the age of 17, when, strangely enough, her death seemed to snap the cord of her father's life, for Joselyn, though in excellent health and spirits, became unconscious immediately following his daugh- ' demise. And thus the story ends .jit abruptly. aurier's refined satire shows itself in such passages as in the delineation of Barty's character, who was a singularly handsome youth and who regularly worshipped beauty in woman and physical strength in man. "His admiration for an extremely good-looking person, even of hi6 own sex, even of a scavenger or a dustman, was almost snobbish. It was like a well-bred, well- educated Englishman's frank fondueBS for a noble lord." A subtle distinction is made between the noble and ignoble or a certain church in the following sentence : " There are the High Catholics, who understand the souls of others, and all the difficulties of the conscience, and do not proselytise in a hurrj*; -and the Low Catholics, the convert* of the day before yesterday, who will not let a body be." *•* V* On board the Bteamboat proceeding from Franoe to England, Barty declared as they neared the Thames that he could smell Great Britain as distinctly as one could smell a Scotch haggis, or a Welsh rabbit, or an Irish stew, and the old familiar smell made him glad;" for though Barty had •pent his boyhood and youth in Paris, he -was essentially English. " According to Heine, an Englishman loves liberty as a ood husband loves his wife. That is how Se loves the land of his birth ; at all events England has a kind of wifely embrace for the home-coming Briton, especially if he comes home by tne Thames." Remarking on the fact that of late years Europe hap become less tolerant of distinctions of rank, a fine irony is found underlying the following passage:—" It iB only in South-Easteru Bulgaria that the navvy, who happens to be of noble birth, refuses to work in the same gang with the navvy who isn't, add that's what I call real esprit du corps, without which tip aristocracy can ever hope to hold its own in these degenerate days." It is strange that though oolonists will purehaje^half a doeen English magazines, no Australian publisher has been found to make a success of a single local product of the kind. The Sydney Quarterly Rtvitw struggled for existence for several years, but whether it is defunot, or still lingering, irdoubtful. The Centennial was a finepublicatjon in every way, and fully equal fcpany magq^ne published in England, butittipro* 4uoti$n only brought loss on. the promoters, and ithad to drop for want of jpuppbrt, i **<k>»fnoB" followed, and is now not heard "Antipodean" which 5B only brought out ouoe a year as a Xmos annual, is not yielding profit enough to the published "George Robertson and Co./' to allow of their paying more than a pittance to the writors of the stories and verse contained therein. It seems impossible to compete with English magazines, though these are so numerous as to cauBe one to wonder how they all pay; and it seems a pity that the editors of the only high class Australian periodical Bhould have to admit that the writers contributing to the "Antipodean" have supported a pecuniary loss, though the same contributions, if sent to the English magazines, would have been gladly received at current rates. The works of the Persian poet, Omar Khayyam, who wrote the "Rubaiyat," have been transited, first by Edward Fitzgerald and more recently by Richard Le Gallienne, who has published the beautiful poem in the most finished and aesthetic style extant. Reviewers and critics generally condemn Le Gallienne's method of translation, as he admits that he knows no Persian, though making the first use, not only of cribB from rose translations,, but of his own fancy, ?he follow ing verses will give an idea of the poem:— "Did God set grapes a-growing, do you think, And at the same time make it into drink ? Give thanks to Him who fore-ordained it thus— Surely he loves to hear the glasses clink ! From God's own hand this earthly vessel came, He shaped it thus, be it for fame or shame; If it be fair—to God be all the praise; If it bo foul—to God alone the blame. If I were God, and this poor world were mine, 0 thou shouldst see on what a fair design 1 would rebuild it like a dream for thee— Nor shouldst thou ever blush to call it thine. A special despatch to the New York Herald from Lexington, Ky., says:—For the first time in the history of Kentucky the body of a negro has lain in state here in was that of Lewis George Clarke, who claimed to be the original of George Harris in " Uncle Tom's Cabin." His body reposed in the Auditorium in Main-street, on December 20, from 9 o'clock in the morning until 2 in the afternoon, Hundreds of persons looked upon the features of the old quadroon as tie lay in the casket. The crowds which passed in to see the body were largely composed of negroes, but many promiuent white citizens of Lexington also looked at the face of the old man, who they believed had helped to make history. The body was removed from the Auditorium to St. Paul's African Methodist Episcopal Church at a few minutes past two o'clock. The edifice was packed to the doors. The funeral sermon was preached by the Rev. A. J. Chambers, of Danville, Ky. After reciting the good deeds of the old man, his struggle for hid own freedom, and subsequent efforts on behalf of the freedom of his race, he said it would be well for the negro to-day to try to emancipate his race from the curse of liquor and of shiftlessness. The body was taken at 5 o'clock to Oberlin, to which town Clarke had fled 56 years ago in his escape from slavery, " GLARE'S WEEKLY, published at Perth ; a bright and trenchant critic of the Westralian Government's funny little ways." (Melbourne Tocsin.) Russia is making gigantic improvements at Vladivostock preparatory to its opening next jear. Captain M'Gregor says that the Russians now regard it only as a fortress, not courtiue; commerce. He could not obtain a bill of health for his steamer until the Russian admiral commanded his physician to give him one. Seven years have been taken up in the construction of one of the world's greatest dry docks at Vladivostok, It is 560 feet long, 91) feet wide, 30 feet deep, out out of the solid rock bluff Magnificent stone terminal docks are building, for the tranB-Siberian railway. Military camps occupy the surrounding heights, and 8,000 soldiers are stationed at and near the city. On the way to Kew, By the river old and gray, Where in the Long Ago ,We laughfed and loitered so, I met a ghost to-day, \- A ghost that told of you; And sweet inscrutable eyes, . Coming up from Richmond, As you used to do. By the liver old and gray, The enchanted Long Ago Murmured and smiled anew. . Ou the way" to Kew. . March had thelaugb of May; The bare houghs looked aglow, And old immortal words Sang in thy breast like birds, Coming up from Richmqnd, . As I used with you. ' W. HENLEY. 