CHAPTER. XV. Beforo the end of November Nina was well enough to walk abuit the grounds; but tho wedding was out of tho question. Sho was simply i\\- ghost of her former self. Stewart Winford was very muoh grioved, for Nina was kb a dear sister to him. His lovo tor Ireno, intense though it was, did not blind him to tho fact that his little friend was fading away. Ho took Irene into confidence so far as to ask her if her friend had over told her what it was that troubled her ; but Ireno could only toll him what ho already knew. Mrs. Arthur intended to fill tho houso with guests for Christmas, thinking company would do them all good. Things Bcemod to bo brightening as ciu'i'ingo after carriage drovo up with its burden of mony guests. Nina Boemod quito her old bright self- again. Christmas passed with every ffaiety — daniocs ohnrades, private theatricals, and skating. Sir John was happy. About a week after Christmas Sir John stood at tho head of tho table saying a few words, when ho staggered back, and sank into his chair unconscious. Next day tho houso was empty of guosta, and Sir John lay dead. Apo plexy, tho doctor said, was tho cause of death. Muoh consternation! as his death causod, tho will causod even moro, for it was so strango that some thought it ought to bo contested on tho grounds of 'insanity. Onlyt those concerned know its real moaning, howover. To his nophew, Stewart Winford, he left Nuthurst, and tho bulk of his woalth, on conditions that ho married his grandchild, Diana, witlu'n twolvo months after his death. Should Diana die before that time, the property and wealth should go to his nephow just tho samo. But should ho refuse to many her, ho was to have two hun dred pounds a year only — the residue to bo put to charitablo purposes. Should Diana refuso him, ho was to havo fivo hundred a year. In any case, sho was to have only fifty pounds a year, paid monthly. Mrs. ^Arthur was to have a good annuity paid out of the estate To Ireno Anthony, as a slight acknowledgement of her great service, ho left tlu'eo thousand pounds. Then followed legacies for several of tho old servants. No ono was forgotten. Tho will was read in tho library. When tho end was reached, and people had time to look about them, Nina eat staring straight before her, hor eyes fixed. At first they thought she was dead, but the doctoi', who was present, assured them it was only an hysterical fit. ? January camo and went; it was a dull month, never forgotten by the in mates of Nuthurst. Tho vicar had been ordered abroad. Ho and his sister wero at Nice, and Murier had sole ohnrge, bo his curacy was no sinecuro. Ono night, ns tho clocks wore striking \ 11, ho returned to the vicarage cold and wet. 'I am sorry you sat up, Mary,' he said to tho servant. 'Go to bed ; you must bo tired.' 'Thero is a good fire, sir,' she an swered, as she prepared to take his ad vico. He had gone into the kitchen, as his boots wore bo dirty and his coat wot, Mary was a woman of fifty, who told her young assistant many times a day that 'Mr. Murier would kill himself for other folk yet, and for them as wouldn't say thank yer for it all.' lie went into his room. He had fallen into a slight dose, when the door bell rang loudly. Ho went down at once. As he opened tho door tho wind was BO strong that it was almost his master. Large flakes of enow flew ir.to his face. 'Mrs. Hunter is dying, sir,' stiid a gruff voice. 'Come in, Hunter,' ho replied, uv.d was soon putting on a dry great-rout;. 'I am sorry to hear it. Wait till I find my coat,' What a night it was! Though they were strong men, they could scarcely struggle through tho storm. It was a mij.e quite to Hunter's 'house.' Tho son hurried, leat they shou'd bo too late; but the old woman Jived some hurs. Sylvmet Murier did i;ot leave her until tho end. As he turned to go Hunter tried to speak, but couid not, so he pushed something into the curate's hand. It was nn. elegant silver-mounted' pistol. 'I cannot take this, Hunter. It is no use to me.' 'Do take it, sir. It's worth nort to either of us, but lf'ud pbaso ;tr.' Thus pressed, he put it into- his pocket ; but there was one thing about it which neither of them know— 4t was loaded. Tho clock struck 7 as he left tho cottnge, His shortest road was through Nuthurst Park. About half-way up the drive a strong bridge orossed tho lake. Ho stood for a mo mmif. nnrl lnrvirnrl nvoi- fl»A novnnof. Tvi-ian i**-^~*iu tvnu iwun\j\\. VI i*l V41W JllilVIJUV] 11 ii\\*4l, to his horror, ho thought ho saw a wo man about to jump into the water, The storm had ceased, but the snow lay deep, It was scarcely dawn, yet it was not dark. In a moment ho was by the wo man's side. Tho snow deadened his footsteps until ho reached her, then sho turned. 'HoavenB, Nina!' he cried, 'starting back, but the next instant he seized her arm. 'Let me go, Sylvinet— let me go I' she cried, wildly, trying to froe herself. 'Never ! Your strength against mino is nothing. What are you doing bore? You will get your death of cold. How wot you aro!' 'I am seeking death!' Bhe replied, as sho ceased struggling. (To be continued.) 