Provincial Pickings. Fhok Otra Ejwhanoeb.I On Tussday morning about 10 o'olook (says' tliq Gymple Tinut of Ootobor 'ID), a man named Edwin Hay, an employes at tbo Union sawmill, was working among soma logs, when oi)0 of them fell on his foot,' crushing the big toe.' The sufferer was con veyed to tho hospital, whore bis injury whs attended to. . Au agaidoiit (says tho Town6vlllo JtitWin of October 17) ooourrod at Woodstock on Saturday last. Georgo Robinson was lifting a log, when it foil upon ' his foot, froetnring one of the bones. He was Wought in to thu hospital. Mr. John Rutherford (says tliq JPorlDenhon Tima of . Ootobor lg) hnd thg miufortuno tg lose u horEO under peculiar clroumstanogs, He liad purchased a ho'rsg from an overland mob from Maokoy, and the animal was being led in from camp when it broke away and was drfven along, On reaching town effor's were, made to recapture the haltered nuiuiul, when It raced Into the sen und swain u dis. tance iiway out of 'sight. On -going round tho aoutrt to look for Bio horse tho dead body wus found at fho corner of Nowstead fence, considerably. mutilated by sharks, whioh.had evidently attacked him whilst swimming. , The Degilbo oorrespoudont of thg Mary, bbvongh Chronicle of October 20 writes': We aro still oryiug'ont for rain, and a couple of inches would ha of great beuniit just at present. Tbo spring this season has been a very dry one, and unless we get a good down pour or two soon tho ohauce of summer feed will be very poor, lis uuder tho hot sun the grass is fust drying up again, and the moun tains all around aro covered with a mantle of smoke from tho hush fil'os burning. Hay making operations' aro in full swing on some farms, but the crop tills year wifi fall far short of last year's crop, which, owing to the very wot spring, wus uu abnormal one. A eorrespuiiilout in the Burron Valloy sends us (says the Mareebu UeraUl of October 12) tlie following dosoription of a fight between his cattle slut, nua u tiger eat: On the night of Taeaduy, tho 4th instant, hear ing the dog barking and something making a- peoulint' noise, I hurried down to tho fowl- house and found that the dog had a large eat at bay. "When I appeared oil tlie scene they cumo to close quarters, and a desperate battle eiiBued,' lasting nearly 1 S minutes. It ended in the defeut of tho oat ; but I had to knock its bead against a post several times before it finally gave lip the ghost. It was a vory large specimen of tho native cut', iu fnct the largest I had ever met with. It is commonly known iu theso parts ns tho tiger cat. This animal mausurcd !) feet I inch from the nose to the tip of tlia tail, 21 Inolios long without the tail, and 1)1 inches high, Tho skin was very much torii; mid ntterly useless. Some fuur weeks ago (says tho Gympie Times of : October IS) the little daughter of Mr. Adams, omnibus driver, aged 2 years 3 months, was given hor father's wateli chain pendant to play with, and putting it into her mouth, swallowed the whole of it, consisting of three silver coins and the connecting ring of steel. The lurgest of tlie coins was tho size of an old florin piece. The little mite was taken to Dr. Morgan, who, by tho aid of bis Rontgcn ray apparatus, got a shiidoivoiitline of tho coins on tho fluorescent screen, which indicated that they wore situated at the lower or intestinal opening of tho stomach. This was about threa weeks ago, so it was decided to wait for a fortnight or so, iu order to give tho coins a chance of passing further into tho stomuoh and away from the moro vital orgiiuB of tho body. This was accord! iugly done, and on Friday night another examination wus held. Dr. Ryan applied ehleroform, und the child was kept under tlie ' influonoe of the nnrosthetic for' 20 minutes, or during the period of lier exposure wider the X rays. The shadow out line of the thi'so coins was seen distinctly, well down in the bowel, und a photograph taken at the demonstration wus shown us by Dr. Morgan, in wiiioli tlio substances named weru ensily distinguished. Tlie child in tho meantime has not suffered any appnrcnt inconvenience from tho presence of the coins in the stomach, so it has beou dooided to give them mi opportunity of passing still further down tbn bowel. Another demonstration will be held in three works or a fortnight, anil if the coins appeal' likely to muiutain their present position, the advisability of perform ing au operation for their extraction will be ounsidcred. . 