A.R.C. GRAND NATIONAL MEETING. ] SECOND DAY. ADELAIDE, Monday. The A R C. Grand National steeplechase Meeting was concluded in the Victoria Park yesterday afternoon. The weather was perfect, and the attendance satisfactory The fields wore large, and the reading, on the whole, uninteresting Happy Jack appropriated the principal event, the Steeplechase, the favourite Echpao getting no nearer than third. Mimosa sold at the last fence when going well in the Hurdle Race Albury Queen toll at the last hurdle and brought down Conscript and Convention, the jockeys and horses escaping serious injury. The youngsters' race was secured by Malvern, Gipsy Bell and Thunder Prince, who disputed favouritism, gaining second and third place respectively. Hainault was served up warm for the Mayor's Mile, and won comfortably by a length and a quarter. Marryatville, the popular fancy in the Corporation Stakes, Scott to shake off Esau, who returned a dividend of £26 17s. Appended are the results r Belling Rico-O furlongs Mr T) Fitzroy s Rose, 7st life (Hodgkins) ... 7, 1 Jil Vf O. Wotviins' (Quickshot, 7 (P Hill) 2 Mr A B Tress s Bernice, Sat 7lb (Egan) 3 Eight others started Amount in totalisator, £1272 its, dividend, from Rose drew away at the half-distance and wouhytwo lengths and a half, three- quarters of a length between second and third Nero was fourth, with Ola last. Time, 1 minute -On seconds Second Hurdles about 2 miles. Mr It Howls s Little Martin, HMtolb (II home) Mr it stewarts thackaringa, nee (Spooner '2 Mr C A beats Watson's Urgent, lost, 'lib (S. Tear) 3 Other starters Como steamer, 12st (Thompson) Carbonate, lOst 121 (Dull) , Albury Queen, DM Sis tlliirntis), Conscript 'ist (Eleven)), finish, last (M'tar June), Zulu, 'land Wilson). Amount in totalisator, 17-19, dividend, £3 Dr English was first at the initial hurdle At the next hurdle Conscriptvvrcs in command, and in the six furlongs post headed Albury Queen Down the straight 1 hacking inga headed the field, and led over the first camp in the ttMiglu from Albury Queen, Little. Martin, and Conscript but the order at the dual jump was Little M rain, Urgent, and Albury Queen 'The latter fell, bringing down Colivrntiuncr and Conscript. A go d race ensued, LMiltiog ID favour of Little Martin by a neck, a length and a half between second and thirty, while 100 yards urn) were Zulu and Carbonate together, 'finish was last. Time, 3 minutes 55 seconds Dequetteville Stakes fur longs Mr W A Blackler s Malvern Sst (1 gan) . ." Mr T Kiely ships Hill, St lib (W Ellis) 2 Mr C Quinn's J under Prince. Sustain (Lake) a Other starters Probability, 1st, I otness, 8st, bunny MORD. the, Light Brigade, Hst , Kapunda, 7nt life , i renton Queen, 78 Hill , lliicilcugh, 7st 8lb Bombastes, 7etMb, evacuation, Teeth, Wilyama, 7st 7lb) , Perfect, 7ft71b Anteitnttn totalisator 1461 , dival ml, £11 his Gipsy Hill was first away A couple of furlongs from home Malvern wail in a moment and, holding his form, won by half a length, three-quarters of a length between a -corner and third , effect fourth and Probability that, the" amateur to finish being Buccleugh, billiard, room bales, and Ti dress 1 line Mr cer- onrts Grand National Steeplechase of WJ sev s-About 1 miles Mrs M J UnlUlm Happy Jack, by Lucifer of Young Lucifer - Ungarie, list is (Jas'uns) Mr 1 - Ruler H Stockings, by Hamlets Ghost Miss Twist, UM 131 (Heat) -2 Mr A Chinese s Eclipse by Moz art, list (il'Qovysn) 3 Other starters AUnhiiitli, last fell (Barr) , Cataract, 10st 7lb (lend) Mimosa, lost his (L lift), Riverstown, 'M Kelly (Flemington), Apple Jack Ost Hil) (tweeds) Union Jack,' st fill) (Hoiries), Anderson's, 1st 111 (M ann) Amount in for insurer, 25s 6d , dividend 17 As the Hint lump won the life of the treble, over which Afecinious led in advance of Supple Jack, Mine a, union 1 ck, Stockings and 1 eclipse, but in the stone wall the positions were serious, Mimosa, Union JACK, block pigs, Staple Mr and Allahditt the last one being flung) back and Cataract 'The positions of the first four i claimed him since until the jump at the mile and a flood post was r kitchen, where Supple Jack was in front of Vlluhditlu, Aacamotia Mimosa, 1 Union Jack, Eclipse, I inmates, who were all well bunched, and some distance away were Happy Jack rind Cut out li icing over the double, Ascnnious was settling Supply Hack and Munro's Then came AllrtbditU unit Stockings, with happy July last. At the next obstacle All ihdittH WAS leading Ascanius, Mimosa, and Supple Jack, with Mimosa last Supple Jack again went to the front at the fence on the bill, showing the waste Allah ditto, Lclipsp, Lrnustoii, and Mimosa The next dence brought Ascsulous to grief which left Supple Jack racing on in front from Allalidltlu, Mim sa, and Stockings, with Latin net last. At the first treble Happy Jack was to come mind from bonnie Jack Then came fitness, All adults, Stockings, Lctip e Frenchton, an 1 Union Jack together "With the exception that Supple Jack lost his money and stockings supplanted him no alteration was noticeable at the stone wall Happy Jack jumped the fence at the mile and a furlong post home distance in advance of Mimosa, bundle luck, and 1 car-.!-. but at the first of the double fail to t came back four lengths to Mimosa , then came Lchpic, Stocking,-, and supple likely together Witness could happy raekllttho ad and doubt o, in late pan were in close company at the Allies stop where Mini isa came to grief. Once in the straight blockings headed the hide-out at the pickets Happy Jim k again assumed command and won comfortably by time lengths, six. lengths between second and third vllubditui was court i nil Union Jack Hill Jvouc of the others finished Time, of minutes -4 seconds Mayor's Mile mile Mr W dad It's 11 an mile, 7st 10 b (Wilks) 3 Mr L M ljitiJilm s Hunter and- list nil (Wilson) 2 Mr J Jcnknnno Advt Try, stole (Hill) J Other Mirrors -of II i, 'at his, Bloodstone, Dkt bill , Pi Hire sN of Wales, Mr -lb , J J ippiT, Bat 2lb , Sports, 7st 7lb Dirk Uniuiiitiliind, 7st Mr , Goodwill, 7.1 -lb , 1 arose, at Jb , Cict in, "st, Mile Blood, 7st, Soi em dull, GstlOlb nccoup, 1st 7lb, Benny, fertile, Clear in the est 2lb including 7lb over Kingsbridge, Gst71b , Lester. a, bottle Amount in tone disaster, £90.11 15s dividend, £1 of llnuiHiilt assisted command of the half distance and won by a length and a quarter, half a length between m cloud and third bptnU fourth Then came cattle., Blue Blood, and Cncm, the list two being Kingsbridge una t group Time, 1 minute it seemed Corporation Stakes -6 furlongs Mr G A Gibbons s till, 8d rib (filly) 1 Mr W A Power Manjiitvdlc, but this (Egan) 2 Mr C Quinn's OnsC Mr re, But Union) of Other st orders Soeunlj, Best 12 b , Dumps, 7st 7lb , He - nice 7st 7lb, Jninqnillit) 7st 2lb, firewood, 7st, Merry 1 the rim, "st, Quicusbot, Gal His. Innocence, cost life, his best his, Hide a wee bit 116, Louise, (st life, Olnnkopis listing C lil Cst 711), thirsting, for 711) Amount in totalisator, £21-1 is , dividend, is 17s Mnrrvntvilli cadets training, list is an shot out of their but and won by a couple of lengths three quarters of a liaison between England and third lines fourth Olsnkopis Ind Ter Ixkncvt the last two being Celia and Merry I'll give The ; 1 minute JI seconds 