Changing RorokwsBoei's ' Name. Many Suggestions Made. ' Newington ' Adopted. At a special meeting of the Rookwood Council, held on Saturday, the matter of tho adoption of a new name for Rookwood came on for discussion. The Mayor (Al derman Jay) was in the chair, and with tho exception of Alderman Garthwaite, there was a full council present. JLHU UUiiyUL nttlll U1KIU HI XVJJL1L 1UOU U1JU Council had decided upon the expediency of altering the name of the borough, and it now became the duty of the Council to adopt a new name. His idea was to get a short Act passed through Parliament alter ing the present 'Necropolis Act' to ' Rookwood Act,' thereby transferring the name of 'Rookwood to the cemetery only. Also, it would be advisable to alter the 2)resent boundary line of the municipa lity (which- was on the Home bush side of the cemetery) to East street (on the Auburn side of tho cemetery), thus cutting the comctery completely out of the municipa lity. By adopting this suggestion, the council would be entitled to a yearly, grant, for the maintenance ' of East street, as it would then be running parallel to Govern ment lands. ? Alderman Javes said he had lived in Rookwood for 23 years. 'When he came tc reside there the place was then known as 'Haslem's Creek,' that name being changed 19 years ago to 'Rookwood.' He acquiesced in the Mayor's suggestion to cut „ out the cemetery from the Borough — in fact, no crown lands should ever have been embraced in the municipal area. The Mayor said he recently visited, Bourke, and instead of finding his ticket labelled 'Rookwood to Bourke,' it was 'Hnslom's Creek to Bourke.' Alderman Douglas said the stigma at. tached,,to the name of Rookwood arose from' 'its close proximity to the cemetery. Aldermen Hartwell said sm ex-alderman had suggested ' Abramsville ' (laughter). Ho (Alderman Hartwell) was convinced that a change of name was desirable, and would move, — ' That in changing the name of Rookwood, this locality be known as Nowington.' Alderman Larcombe said even if the name was changed people would still have an abhorrence of the place and the change of name would prove an extra expense to present landholders, who would 'have to get their deeds altered. The Mayor said there would be no occasion to altor the name of the locality in deeds. Deeds existed at the present time which were not in the name of Rookwood or Haslem's Creek, but in the original name of the place and that was 'St. Joseph, parish oE Liberty Plains, County of Cumberland.' Alderman Ritchie, in seconding the motion pro forma, said although he was not in love with the name- Rookwood, vet he was afraid that Newington was* too closely identified with Rookwood. He would suggest ' Aldershot' owing to the fact that the Military encampments were held in the borough. Alderman Douglas suggested ' Largo as tho now name. Alderman Baty : Better call it 'Lag- land ' at once. (Laughter.) The Mayor said that Newington was the oldest name in the County of Cumberland. The lodge on the old Blaxland Estate was called Newington, and although certain residents of Silverwater who had named themselves the ' Newingtou Progress ^Association,' would probably object if the Council adopted the name, still their objection must not be considered. Alderman Dundon suggested 'Glen- haven.' They had numerous glens and gullies within the borough and a haven was an anchorage— a place of rest and shelter — and they had that also. (Oh, Oh,' and laughter.) At this juncture a ratepayer who was given permission to speak, said that he had been a resident for the past ten years, and found that Rookwood property was at present a drug in the market, owing to tho bad repute attaching to tho name of tho locality. Ho instanced cases whore property was put up for sale, but as soon as it became known that tho locality was Roi/kwood, buyers were 'ofT it' at onco. From his experience in Rookwood it was one of tho healthiest suburbs about Sydney, and he hoped the Council would excuse him for suggesting ' Healtliville ' as the new name. Alderman Baty was of opinion that Rookwood had only got into bad repute since the inauguration of the Municipal Council. (Laughter). It was a common occurrence to see headings in the local and Sydney papers, ' More ructions in the Rookwood Council.' (Laughter). Alderman Hartwell said that in nine cases out of ten when a resident would inform a stranger that he resided at Rook wood. the stranger would shrug his shoulders, shiver from head to foot, and exclaim, 'Ugh ; ain't you afraid of ghosts ?' (Laughter). Alderman Dundon said Rookwood was so healthy that no chemist existed there, as there was no living to be made in that line. . The motion was carried with only one dissentient. Alderman Hartwell moved,— '' That a committee consisting of the Mayor, Alder man Baty and the mover be appointed to draw up a petition to tho Government, em bofl3'ing the reasons which urged the coun cil to change the name of Rookwood to Nowington.' Seconded by Alderman Douglas and. carried. Alderman Javes suggested that the Mayor should obtain legal advice as to the neces sity of altering the name on title deeds, thus settling the question of expense to ratepayers. The Mayor said he would adopt tho sug gestion of Alderman Javes, and when the solicitor's reply was received he would have it printed and circulated in the munici paiity. 