[?] THE PHANTOM OF CASTLE BALLYRAN. [T *«» wild, 9tormy evening upon which WIB Darrell arrived and took possession of his auddetilj acqnired estate of . Ballyran, _ County . Gal way, IrieJaod. 1 Y Dong, han'diiojije, acd talented, Will Dancil bad etoupglod; stnee his boyhood, -with adTttrit^. toil now, at the age of eigbt-and-fcwenty, fodnd himself a rich man, having woke up one morning to the know ledgo of a legacy, from a distant and till then vnknown relative, of twenty thousand pounds and Cutle Ballyran. The money Was in tbe Funds, and a transfer had been effected, when Darrell resolved upon a journey to the eisterjeountry to-iqppect the property, of which be had heard ionly a con* fused account. ue tonsa. on nis arrival, mat tne taiwe tu a venerable old pile, aod a youD^ and enthusiastic artist, Darrell * viewed bis poesession with rapturous eyes. far from any town, and at a considerable distance even from the nearest village, the old castle stood alone, in desolate grandeur, overhanging the rocky seashore. The ap- ' pcoach lay over a bleak and alpioet barren upland, and the gusty wind howled shrilly . to the roaring waves. ? | It was upon one of the last days of Octo ber, the evenipg of which was closing in, »s Darrell. wit|i his Irish agent, entered the great ball of the castle. A portion only of the great building was habitable, and for years no one had resided there but an old man named Mike, aod the crone, his wife, who were the custodians of the place, and \ had grown grey wi^fiiu its walls. j Will Darrell and the agent were received most reverentially by .the ancient couple, and were* conducted to the chief chamber on the ground flexor, tbe banquet hall of former days. It loomed la,rge and lofty, aud dimly grand in the grey twilight, ren dered yet more obscure by the discoloured windows, through which everything was thtowu in shadow. The panelling was of bl§ck oak, relieved by tiie gilded quartering^ of old famiii.es, and the dim portraits of old generations. At the farthe.r end of tbe chamber was a dais, and above it huug some tattered ban ners, which had done good epwice in their day, and drank the blood and licked the dust of many a well-fought field. There were aims of almost every age, and here find there complete suits of rusty mail stood out like gaunt and warlike spectrjes. A long table occupied the centre of fche hall, but a few chairs only stood a_c its bead. Towards chese the newcomers made their way as old Mike entered, bearing huge eandelabras. Above the immense chimnev-piece was carvei some incident of. tiie earty wars, the design of which was lost to the eager artist's eyes^of the yoang. legatee, -by the smoke that issued in thick volumes from the turf ant? green wood, but newly-lighted on the large hearth beneath. ' Welcome, Mr. DarreLL Ge&d; Mille Fail the, welcome to the old castle ! may you live long, sir, tqj*eside in it with all honour and prosperity!' exclaimed the agent, warmly. *' Rjaside in it ! By my foith I'll never leave it ! What a gloriqps old place ; iti ruinous aspectdelights me more than would a gorgeous palace with our latest- modern itn pt o vemejnts.' liazing admiringly around, Will Darrell was only roused from the most pleasant of ruminations by the return of the old people, hearing a couple of trays byrtfaened with dishes containing boiiea and roast fowls, dried salmon, cakes, eaten bread, and two decanters of whisky. Tired and hungry, the artist and the genial agent did full justice to all that was placed before them, the former partaking almost too freely ot the polent .potheen. Until eleven o'clock the jovial companions carouse^, wheu Mike offered to conduct -them to their apartments for the night. # ~ The withered serving man, likp most of his class, was gareulous in the extreme, and full of stories of ghosts and banshees. To these latter Will Darell listened with much interest and an arnujed emile. /One tale particularly rivetted the atten tion of the young artisit ; it was of a phan tom whom report credited with prowling and glidjng about the old castle at midnight — the phantom of a young and lovely woman in white. The agent having retired, Darrell, con sulting his watch with a humorous raile,' asked the aged servitor , what patfjcul&r; ! portion of tbe castle was most favoured. by the 'ghost, and was informed that -the lovely phantom had been seen gjjdiog about in tbe habited portion of the buildipg as as often as the chambers that were falling into ruin and decay. » cry wen, oiiKe. xucj «ay, r amer dinner sjt awhile, %fter supper walk a mile.' So, as I feel now not at all inclined for re pose, gi^e me a lantern and Til apiuse my self by finding out if this pretty piiaatom will show up to tbe new lord of her domain.' \- ' Musha, an' it's going over the castle all by yourself, your honour, and close on midnight 1 Ochone, it's tempting Provi dence, share ! If said tlie old man trembling Mid deroutly crossing himself. § ' Ob, don't you f«ar, $Like, a lady ghost or no gho»t won't frighten Will Darrell ; tod, perhaps, as I'm a single young m$n the female phantom will run away from me instead of after me.' i'B6dad, the pretty colleen may lead you out on the rocks, eb^ire, an' yer honour may lie ? carried away (tlie same as young Pat Qpolan, who was lost entoirely, blown out to »ae,and never heard of again, Mu^jha ! ' Well, Fll chance the rockfe, the wind, and the sea. Mike, give me a lantern ; I'm determined to find the pbantom of Cistle Ballycau. bo say no more, but off with you] to / your old dame, and ieaye me to loo^ 1 about for thisyouiigope. In the fieah or out oT'it, I'll have speech with , her, though ali the shades olm^y ' ancestors surrounded Laughing at the lugubrioijs janitor the' young iord of th4 old castle, receiving a lighted Jan tern fqpm his tjrembhng h^ods, boldly, strode, from , the battfjuet ha]), aod - IVKfUlTil V H#KT4n tn m nnnf. (Jiii liiltttiuliahu) irtaircase without. ' ;. f , , -i Th® walls broken, , and the ca&emento; ^saten in, the wind in Gt&il; blasts and rueh v sweep&l; met.' him: in full force as at length; hp galned a narrow landing piaoe ShoVB,-4f; V.j f-*VT? ?; :j» The bold artist, stopping now for -a moment, stood by an open niche to breathe the niebfe air and listen to too surging '''i of the sea as it laved the beach, langhinj | aloud as attracted by the glare^of the lan i teni a huge cat dashed lull in his facer at th« j I Very monjent that*ao owl^set up her melan , cboly, weird tu whi^ tu whoo ! I Pursuing his way through a long gallery ' undismayed by the rats that, startled froo j their boles, scampered over the black flop! like frightened rabbits, Will Darrell, hold ing high the lantern, pressed on until h«» gained an apartment-, vast, gloomy and verj ucautily provided with crazy antique furni ture. A bed at one side the room looked darkand hearse-like, and its proportions tc the eye of the artist seemed fit for a com pany of light infantry, who might pre -viously have sat down together to sup ii the fireplace, where four green logs wen making asthmatic attempts at a smoke The walls were bung with torn arras, anc there were half-a-dozen portrait® of formei owners of Castle Ballyran. At the farther end of the room from th« bed Darrell observed a door, that apparent!; opened into some lesser chamber. Profound quiet now reigned throughout the old building, and, swinging hie lantern to and fro, WillDarpell was stepping to the door that bad attracted his attention when he was startled by a loud sigh and the tap tap of tiny feet as though a child was run ning across the floor. ' So the ghosts ^are beginning the game. I never heard yet that phantoms required fires to warm themselves by, f and, as thie apartment was certainly neb intended for my bed-chamber, situate as it ie in tbe uninhabited part of the castle, the matter, to say the least of it, looks suspicious. I j piade up my mind to have a squint at old i Mike's phantom, and it appears to me my « curipsity respecting the female ghost i§ very ' likely to be gratified.' Soliloquising thus, j Will Dariell, undeterrred by the sound of a ; faint moan, boldly made for the door front- | ing the hearse-like bedstead. j The means of egress to this chambei 1 being on the latch the bold young artist | threw it back on its hinges, starting yid j uttering an exclamation of wonder as he caught sight of the figure of a young woman. A lovely woman, habited in a white dress, and who by her attitude as she stood star-, ing at the intruder, whilst in her astonish ment and alarm grasping for support the back of an easy American chair, was as surprised and confounded as he was. For a moment Will Darrell stood upon tbe threshold, staring in amaze at the beautiful vision before him, and then with a loud laugh made ajdash forwards, as l^be woman with a shriek bounded away like a young fawn out through an opening in the wall at the back of the chamber. A huge panel haviug been slid aside by ap unknown h^nd, chjs fair occupant bad at once availed herself of this retreat opened to her. ? About to follow the substantial phantom, the young Irishman was seized in the grasp of a 'shock- headed Irishman, who, with a. broad grin upon his tanned and humorous features, exclaimed : ' Whist-, yer honour i be aisy ; I've seen Mike, be tonld me as ye meant to sae the phantom of the castle, and, bedad ! you*v« frightened tbe banshee instead of her frightening you. jShure, but come, Musha, it's all the boys as'Ll be glad to eae yer honour.' ' Humph ! I think I understand oys ters. .However, lead on my friend, I'll fol low ! ' ejaculated Darrell, at once un hesitatingly treading in the footsteps of his guide. Threading their way onward through the deeerted chambers, they presently. reached a roofless tower, and from thence descended a long winding staircase leading to the -Crags. Over-these was Darreli conducted by hie guide, be knew not whither, heariug only the bellowing of the ocean, and the scream of the sea-bird. At length a dark object seemed to^oppose further progress, but the Irishman thrust the brushwood aside, and led the way on through a narrow winding passage, apparently hollowed out of the rofclyS. A loud shout now broke upon the ears of Darrell, and the next instant he was in the centre of a wild group who welcomed him with uproarious cheers and boisterorus mirth to the smugglers' cave of Ballyran. With* laugh as hearty as their own. Will l^rreli seated himself upon a keg, and mueh to tbe delight of .his rough com panions , gulped down a glass of pure potheen that he felt assured -had never paid duty. .. The story was soon told to the amused young artist ; Castle Baljyran, offering admirable facilities for head .quarter^, Qan Rafferty'e smuggler band had decided to -spread . the report of the building being haunted. Norah, the chief's daughter, a romantic, bold young colleen, consenting*) enact the role of phantom. Surprised, however, that night by the new lord of tbe castle, we.haye seen how the young lady ghoet ran for it, instead of mirthfully be holding the flight of her victims. The carouse of the smugglers and their honoured guest was kept up till early morn, VN ill Darrell deriving much amusement from tbe confusion of the agent and old Mike, who both had. of course, been in league with the smugglers. We never heard it the smuggler band aftepr this discovery dispersed to ' fresh fields and pastures n,ew,l! out we do know that Will Dairell became the hut-band of the pretty phantom of Castle Ballyran. 