OP IN MINE. BIri. Craig was one of those persons who are Jain of their faults, and whoa Buy obo remarked that " Mis' Oraig was as set as Mount Pi?ghy," she regarded it rather as a bigk classification than as a note of dissatisfaction. spas was vciy set, now.. 10 ner aeierminaiiou jgpflsr to forgive her son, Andrew Jaoksou Craig, Mr liis disobedience. A floe, baadsome, healthy- Sooltiug fellow he was, aiid goiug to havo bor farm when she wbb dooe with itt out without fault otbortbantberoving(ispo8itiDn that came to bim from no .one know where; for Mra. Craig borsolf Was as Bet in bor immobility and love of one spot as in any other habit, and tbe iitiio farm on the edge of tbo Northern forest seemed to her the oso delcctible spot cm earth. That Andrew Jackson should want to leave it, to sco more of the world, to eocounter dangers, and to experience adventures, was something of which she had ao comprehension, and for which, when done contrary to htr orders, she bad oo forgiveness. Andrew Jackson, however, was her owo son, and having a desire to see tbe wotld, then the world be was going to see; and be kissed .her cheek, that had on oo been as ruddy as a ripo pear and was now as withered as an autumn loaf, and went down en the logging-train through tbe woods and out ioto the world. Sometimes she wished she had biased bim back ; but she kept herself bmy, so that she might not Lavo time to think of bim tod bis disobedience ; and once or twice a year abo bad a letter from bim, and although abo never answered it, yet when she looked it away she knew it by heart. But oue day there came a letter announcing that be bud married. It was the last drop m her bitter cup. Oace she had meant that he should marry LucindaJ3eU,ihe squire's daughter over beyond the forest-. The wood-lots joined ; tbe fartps joinod ; it would have made her sou tbo largest laud-owner in that part of the State- wild land ; and he would, have gone to meeting in, bis carriage, and presently be would have been cboseo commissioner, of the county, and after that be would have been sent to the Legis lature maybe— Andrew Jackson Craig1 might in time bavo been Governor of the State of Maine. And his old mother would never have disgraced him ; sbe would have locked ou from a distance and have felt her beaitswell with joy, and been satisfied that she had brought a man-child into tbe world. And now he bad married some un known girl down at the salt water, and there was an end of nil. He would never come back. Home day she would be found dead in her chair — if sbe weie ever found at all, and her bones did uot stay nbeve ground till tbo bouao crumbled down about them and the firm re vel ted to tbo forest. And there was a sort of tti rce, silent joy even iu her pain as sbe thought pfit. But 8be tried not te tbiuk of it, losing herself In unceaaing occupation. Yet if she sat down a moment in ...the evening and gazed into the tire abe seemed to bear ber boy's feet outside in \- the crackle of every twig, tbe patter evory drop ; and abe wondered what be was doing ; and what sort of a woman it was that bud la ken her placo—some flighty flibbertigib- pet who loved ribbbns, and who had danced ber way into his heart wish ber airs and graces, as she would dance ber way out of it. Of that Mr. Craig- was quite euro. Whether or not tbe day would ever com© whoa he would want to eoino bick to his old mother, tired out by tbs world he bad gone to see and had found too muebforhim, and tired, ceo, of a brainless piece who did uot know bow to do a band's turn— of that she was not sure. As it was, he had ruined his own life — tbe life of ber bob, Audrew Jackson Craig— and that sbe could uot forgiro He had ruioed all ber hopes, too ; he bad brought to dust all tbe fine castles whose build- ing bad brightened long motor days and nights in these dark aud lonely woods. If be had a punishment it would be deserved. Bat sbe was not going to inflict it, oven in her thoughts. Only wben tbo nest letter came sbe locked it away unread. And she locked away every other that catno, only swiflly, and in spite of herself, glancing at tbe post- mark, and thiukiog that if ho wont out to see the world be was seeing a good deal of it, witb bis letters mailed now from thisdistant partotit, audow from that. 44 It's j s's 1 said," sbe would sigh. " A rolling stone gathers no mess." And sbe would woik so fiercely that at night sbe dropped into dreamless sleep as dead as tbe sleep of a log in the wood. Sbe took a strange pleasure, too, in denying brrsclf anything which oooe sbe hsd liked to rat. "It's his fault," she would mutter over her bare bread and tea. And she woro her old drab calico without a change, and let her grey bsir go as it would. M He don't care !" stao said. Wbonhcr son wont awsy be bad left with her o4d Tom aud bis wife who did much of the work about tbe farm. It had not entered bis thoughts that the woman could die, nor that on her death hit' mother would let old Tom go, be baviog iu Lis turn become restless, .and that she would tbeu lay down the form to gruss, sell the horse aud tbe cows, keeping only tbe little Guern sey, of which she took care herself, aud con- tcntingheraeU with tbo flocks of chickens wbiob sbe raised, and sold to tbo man that came, up tliiough the country-side collecting eggs and poultry— all of which she did, selling hor grass standing to Squiro Bell, aad Bitting down alone to hug her misery. Tor very miserable she was. > Sbe went ont sometimes in tbe summer after- jifiiRS,. and stood overlooking tbe long crreo sbpos in the sunshine, tbe great empty sky burning blue above her, the crickets shrilling in a universal murmur, sad lot tbe loneliness of it bite into ber soul. But tbst was uot so bad os in the eucly sutunio mornings when the shadows of tbo forest, that on that side camo tip close about if, bung over the little home like a , ptccu cloud, uod visible gloom seamed to fill it even while " the iud shone. And iu the bleak winter days, when the big drifts were . unbroken, and no one csroe for months, and tbe snnw was sever brushed from .the door-sill, and the cow and tbe bens were her only oompsoy, then her looe- linesss became a dull snd constant aobe, now and thou increasing so .sharply as really to give bor something like a pang of joy 'in tho thought . of tie Wretoheduess with, which ber ungrateful and disobedient sou was afflicting ber. She took no heed of time ; she bought no new almanac ; sbe kept no anniversaries /she knew no holiday season— It was all work a-dsy with lur. Christmas or fourth of July or Thsnks- , gi'ring, whom had sbe to make merry with, what 'bad she to be tbsnkrul for ? Only the bid habit of her blood always witnod her of Sunday iu the air. ' It might have been so different ; it all had bctu so different when tbe boy was at home, coT.ingJn witb report ef this and report of that, wilb this to do aad to plaa about, aad with that/done and to talk over ; with ethers coming and going— bis mates, the minister, the dcaooc; Mrs: Fiiabiy.moybr, from across lota for a day's gossip, and MyraJanePrinca to do some tailor ing ; sometimes Squire Bell, sometimes the blooming young Luciada, or another, for dye- o'.uff or with a new quilting pattern — neror, of ceune, to see tbe boy ! , But she had shut ber door and answered go raps ; and when? Mrs. Prisbie had oome tip- toeing round to look in tbe windows, the doors bciug fast and her ksookiog nonolioed, she hurried Into a closet and stayed Chore. " She . needn't oome peeping in hero, if I stay till 1 'stifle," sbe muttered. " 2 shall scuttle in here .now if the minister comes, I'm too ont of sorts to see the angel Gabriel " ; . and certainly, she was in no condition to see that greatmessenuer. Foi the fact was th»t.ffw;_CMfe. fromibeipg angry witb ber boy at Qrst, had grown angry with the whole universe. "It seems 'a if (bo Lord might V N spared me this !" she said; ." I 'aia't asked for money, itor for fine olo'cs, an' I didu't moko no funs to sposk.on whou be died. But I expected my boy 'd be loft mo. 'twas me brought bim into the world ; 'twas roe givo bim life with my own paius ; he was mine, in' 1 can't feel the Lord nor ..anybody hadn't the right to tone him. Au' he's gone, I doW where ; another womun stall's between him an' remembrance of bin old mother, who loved him bettor tban she did ber soul And she lay face down ou tbo floor, ber. gray hair fallen and streaming about her. .. " Ob, Lord, Lord, Lord .!" abo cried, wrought then to tbe last point of nervous tcosicn. " Lut rue go to sleep and nsver wake' here nor hereafter 1"- But it was rarely that Mrs. Craig gave herself the rolief of such an outburst. Usually sbe went about bor werk with brows lowered aod lips clssed tightly, and her whole aspect as rigid as that of a wooden image. Yet, wben the vernal daye camo, Mrs. Craig was apt to fv el the fountains of all tbe hidden things stirring at tbo source in her, as tbey do in too old earth, as they do in thesoul of tbe poet. Then sbe went into . tbe woods and sot down un a mossy stump in the green shadows. Alt around it teemed at first as dead and dark as tbo spirit within ber. But grown accustomed to tbo dimness, far down a dusky distance she divined wings darting and biids building. " You fools !"sbe oiied, 41 And tbey leavia' you so soon !" She beard the murmur of the brooks, the lifting sod fslliug of great boughs, saw the dew glancing is tbe dark places, tbe 'air down a sunlighted space golden sad alive witb pollen dust, saw the little tips of reeds pad weeds tbrustiag through the sod, comprehended the life and movement of the old earth. 44 Ob, break ma up too !" she cried 44 Give ma some fresh Ufa !" She did not koow how oearly the new life was approaching ber. It was comiogapthe mile-long lane through the pioo woods from. tbe main road to tbe little house at tbe edge of tho clearing. ' It was with a pleasant-faced young noman, who carhed a large parcel and led a little child, who pulled ovek on bis mother's head and rnaohed for tbo blossoming boughs of wild apple that made a fragrant moonlight, as it were, alt over the dusky woodland path. They came up slowly to tbe little bouse and sat -down ou the door-stene, round which tho bur docks bad already begun to spring. Mrs.' Craig suddenly carae rcuud the corner of tbe bouse aud saw them. Tbe joung womau locked up with a smile. " It is so nleasant here," alio said. " Is it ?" said Mrs. Craig. "It's so different from the towo. And the boy ho isa't as well as he'd orter be, an'. I wanted to fetch bim up iuto the woods. My husband says every breath of 'em's boalth. And EO it is at sea ; but I can't go to sea witb him, you know," sbe said, in an innocent and con fidential way. " You've got a husband, then F" " Of course I have !" " Where is he ?" " Ob, ho's gone now." " Left you ?" persisted Mrs. Croig. " Left me ? He's gone to rea. It's bis business. H#.'s first mate now. An' I've oome up to board in the country a spell whilst he's gone. I liked tbe looks of this lane io under tho ' trees, an' got tbe man to iet me down. I thought perhaps I'd find a farm-bouso where maybe they'd take me in. It's just like a aest in here. I don't suppose you care about taking boarders. ?'' looking up rather oagerly. No," said Mrs. .Craig, " I don't " " It's too bad,'' said tbe young woman. " I'd 'a' liked to stayed; It's more 'n like what I al ways thought the country 'd be. 1M liked to stop on hero a spell. The ait'd be good for the ; boy. An fact is I'm real lirorl." " Well," said Mrs. Craig, " I ain't said yon coaldn't rest ye.' You can come in an' bavo a bite, now yt're bore." And'sba opened tbe door and stalked io, and the young woman followed hor. " There's tbe roskiug chair," said- Mrs, Croig. " You set down. I'll have a cup o'.tea a soon's tbe fire burns an' tbe walcr biles. There's butter I made to-day, and tbe boy can have a tumbler of milk," M Let me help you/' said the young woman, untying ber bonnet. "No; you're fired. Here, sonny," as sbe came back with the milk. With the last word on ber lips a colour surged all over ber faco ; but she held the glass to tbo lips of the little fellow, who looked up at her with a great pair of soft hazel eyes whoso gszo seemed to pierce ber heart. " Ob, you take good care of him now !" she cried. But presently he'll bo up an' quit! is' ye. He'Jl want to see the world. Some other woman' 11 start up an' shet ye out o' bis sight." "Well, "said the young woman, " I shall bavo had him till then. An' that's pleasure for one life. I shan't grudge it." Mrs. Craig looked at her fixedly a moment— tbe wide-open blue eyes, tbo Unui locks curling rouod the lair face. Aod then a great sigh tore through her old « breast ; and she "not into tbe buttery and begun storing something with even more vigour than ber wont. The vouog woman sat down again ou tho door step aud tbe child tumbled round, . pulling the dandelions with delight ed ories. Every mo ment Mrs. Craig sent a strange glance in tbeir direction. Her eye was like a thundor-oloud full of ligbtniogs. Sba had been Ulriog what she called hvr bite and sup any where aad anyhow, stahding at tbe cupboard or sittiog by the atore. But now sbe took out a table-olotb,' and furtively rubbed up ber teaspoonB before sbe want to tbo door to call ber unbidden guests when the cakes were ready and the tea was drawn. (She but tered tbe little boy's bread berielf, .and spread bountiful brown sugar oo tbe sooond pieoo ; and the firot smile that bad overspread ber dark' face for many a dreary day oame when tile boy paused after toe second morselftad, lookiog up' at her, declared as well as. ho could with 'his mouth full, " Me 'ere oo." " Bless bis daar hoait !" sbe said. Aod she thought if her son bad married Luoioda sme- tbiug as pleasant as this might have been a frequent thing in her life long ago— she always liked Luanda. And abe gave the boy more bread and brown sugar. But whilo the young woman talked about the road up there, and asked about the places, in tbo neighbourhood, Mrs. Cpaig kept so eye on tbe child, and saw at lost bis little sleepy bead droop forward where he sat. Sbe took him then to lay him on her own bed iu the next room. The touoh of his warm head oii bar shoulder made ber tremble. u Here, you take bim," abe said. .. " I shall let liim drop ! . 11 1 ain't handled a child sence I do'no' wben." "No. You keep him," said the woman. " You set right down where you be, and IM1 clear up. I can do it . in' nd rime. ' I'm real smart about tbe home." And as sbe took op the cushion and pushed tbe rocking-chair up so that Mrs. Craig was obliged to sit down or fall' forward, and than west tripping about the room, with bor light foot aod ber quick Augers, washing and'wipiog, aod puttiog away, and sweeping up and dnstiog off afterwards, it seemed to Mrs. tirajg that sbe was sound asleep as the baby and this was all - to ber dream. Aud then the young woman sat down aear her, and took her knitting out of ber bag and began talking again and every once in a while Mrs. Craig look her apron and wiped the dew off. the little forehead, and once, before sbe knew it,she had lifted tbe-titvte hand and softly kissed it. . " Dear eu£,hsbosaid,tq herself, I Oo believe I'm all eortB of a fooL" _ The ureftfatr-eay ber jlo.itiaad-.caiae midhffllt' down before her and kixaod. tho boy's forehead herself, and woke biro witb a start. ' My isnd I" esid Mrs. Craig, <4Yo'u don't koovr'uomoro about bringing up babies tbsu a hen ! Waking a ohild out'o bis sleop. You won't nover fetch him up if you do that way !" : ' V I couldn't help it," said tho mother.' "I have to love bim for himself and bis father too. You don't know what it is to havo'tbe one you Iovo best in all the world ; out you don't koow where—— ; : " Don't I ?" said Mrs. Cr&ig.; u When the wiacl blows and you hesr'the storm dowa. tho bsibour,' and .the roar of the wavts and that- artful whistling buoy, it makee your heart just stand otill tbink'rog of what iniy happen. And when the sun shines aud the waters dance, you don't dare to be happy for fear he may bnvu btcn lying at the bottom of tbe sea for you don's Know how long. - Perhaps you're laughing, aud it cocoes uvcr you with a shiver tbat you'd better bo crying, . I couldn't staud it ! An' I told Jack I. was comin' up into tbo country,' where I shouldn't know thore was such a tbing as tbo sea till ha camo home. He's gone a long voyage and won't be baok,'he suid, till tbe saow flies. It says in Revelations, you know," sbo s»id, still kneeling and looking up into Mrs. Craig's face with her innocent oyts; ' tbat Htaven's a placo where there shall be no more sea, an' I guess that's so. Well," risiog and going to find her hat, " I'd orter bo off. I've got quite a piece to walk if I'm going to the place you spoke of. They'll be willing to take ma there, you think ? Will, I don't be- lievo I shall frel to liko any place as much as I do here. I like it teal well. I wisbt," she said, lingering still in tjing her strings, tbe great appealing eyes like bluo flowers full of dew resting on her wistfully, " tkt it had V ben so you'd Felt able— I'd V helped about the work—" M It ain't any, matter about, that." said Mrs. Craig, shortly. " But you can't go to-day. snywoy, fo there's a shower, comin' up, an' you'd gib wet to tbe skin afore you got half across lots. You'll bev to stay to-night, and — au d — tt -mon o w — " ' To-morrow can take care of itself,"- cried the young woman, joyously. " I'm goin' to show you je»' hew spry I can be about the heune. My name's Letty— you must call me Letty. I'll be real good company for you." And then she west with Mrs. Craig to get out the sheots and air tbe blankets and m&ka; ready tho little room ou tbe other side of the kitchen. "It's a shame to take all (bis. trouble for due night," she said. , " I'd pay » you a first rate board," " I guess I've got rooaey enough," growled Mrs. Craig. f , „ It seemed to Mrs. Crrigthc uert morning ; nrheu she heard the boy's sweet chitpioc begin almost with, the birds, that there really was something worth gelling up and building the fire for. 41 Now,'' sbe said, after breakfast, " if you're so bound to stay, wo must ceo about giltin'.up your trunk, I recly do' no' but it uiu't a Christen duty to bev ye. for you do' no no more abuut bow to bring up that baby tban it yc.u wai a babv yourstlf, au' I feel's if I'd orter show ye—" And Lclty run and threw ber arms about tbe older woman's neck. " I do' no' anytbin' she cried, " exceptin' bow to love them 1 lovo. But. Jack always aayj, every lime he comes home from sea, tbat I know bow to make four wails pleasant ! Ho anrn I make it so pleasant that some day he'll buy a farm an' stair at home all the time. Oh, wouldn't it be fine if we should have one up here !' And Letty lost ho time in demons! rating, then that ' ste knew how to make home a pleasant place wherever it was. If her.he&rtsahk; as she looked about her in tbe dim little house, sbe did not let it bo seen— the walls ceiled in wood that bad grown brown with age, and shed a brown glow everywhere that sometimes the sunshine came in and gilded and sometimes the green shadows of the close trees darkened. "They'll he rest splendid whoa tho firelight falls on 'tm in the nights," sbo snid. But the patch work quills that swayed from tbe rafters to keep out draughts, " They swing so they're worse 'n ghosts," the said to herself again. Sho knew notbisg of tbe leathers and tspestries hung against (be swdtpisg eirs of medirorsl cbombers ; but presently even the patch-work began to weavo a charm. ' If they was crazy quilts 1M like 'cm better," sbe murmured, "But I guess I can alan' 'em. I, daresay she's sewed her heart iato them." And she swept and scoured and burnished and brightened, aad had tbe doors open and the windows up, and great boughs of blooming wild apple bung upon the walls, and bunches of saxifrage and violets in the broken half-bottles on the shelf ; and sbe bad brought flower seeds with her, and she spaded up a bed for sweet-pease and poppies and petunias aud alyssum, and she was so busy and bustling, with the boy bnay and bustling after her, that she seemed to fill tho dark old place with an overflow of vitality and joy. And when Saturday night came tbe big tub was. brought out and filled, and the boy was doused iu it, Mrs. Craig feeling sbe bad a whole lubful of Cupids in one ; aud on Sunday morning be was dressed m his white frock and red ribbons, and bis hair wus curled and tied with a ribbon doiva ooesido, Quel Mrs.Craig felt as if she woro living her lifo over again. " I do lovo ribbons and prelty tbiugs," siid Letty, "Ain't be a dear? Ob, ain't he a beauty?" "Ain't you & simpleton ?" said Mrs. Craig, surprising herself wilh her.laagb. " You're goto', too, mother ?" said .Lotty . " I do'no' at I'll find the way across lots with out you. .1 wisbt yeu'd let me oall you mother : 1 u ever had a mother. I'ain got nobody m the world to Uve esceptin' Jack and the baby, an' — an you, if you'UTet mo." " No, I 'ain't boa se long, the folks— an' I- ain't get notbin' to wear. Mybimoit— " " I can fit it in five minutes,'' said Letty. "I'm a real hand! Idon'tcarc if it i« Sun day— the belter the day the bettor the deed." " I sorter make sure that baby can't walk all tbo way facrost tbe fleids," arid -Mrs. Craig, meditativoly. "An' you can't carry Tiimi eyther» I do'no' but I'd ortar go an' help ye'out." And there was a quarter of an bonr. of silence, because Letty's. mouth was fall of pins ; and the people in the little meeting-bouse know-too much to turn their brads when Mrs. Craig came in. , ' , . ' There were many misgivings in Mrs. Craig's mind as to whether or not Providence, with wbiob sbe' bad, been s6«ogry,:were not getting tbe better ef ' her after all in these sunny days. She could not for the life of ber feel'quUe so in jured as she bad felt, She found herself smiliug. repeatedly witb a kind of grim .pleeeure. This yellow - baired sprite of a girl was before ber in all tbe boavy tasks; it was sbe that brought in the wood : it was she tbat drew tbe water. Tbe idea," abe exclaimed, "of yourfetching in tbat buoket o' water witb me here !"' There was no-more rising in long solitary mornings ,withtbe very bird-secg bitter in ber ears. Here was a little singiog voice in tbe houso, glad culls, pattering footfalls, Jrisses, and embracing 'little arms. " Tbe cow'e goin' dry," saidTdrs. Craig, " hut- that boy must hov'tris milk," and another fawn -coloured, deer-headed creature was brought, into the pasture. One daytbe boy was ill, and Mrs. Craigle pulse was as feverish as his, . One day he was' found balaneiDg himself-on the well-ourb and. lookiog at tho sparkling little hoy down<th' dark hollow of ' tbe well ; and- Letty, adminis- terlDg.pumsbmont en the spat, Was staged by Mrs. Craig's band, M I guess lean spank my own boy 1 oried Letty. . " I guess if that's tbe way yoatre gola to carry on ho'll ran away an' leavo jo-as aqon-as'l He did run sway next dsy, tbe loag mile down tbo wood path to the main rosd. Letty rao aftor bim like a bate. " There's bears in tbem wouds I" Bereamcd Mrs. Craig. "You can bear them booii'g all, the summer nights." And sbe fiow after her, 11 You're going to give him' VhiI; SOd' s.ffitobiiig\ now';-for runniMg; away ?" sbo said, With tbo old.fast-snd-looso band, as Letty.'. came' back with , bim, "1 whipped my boy," ' 41 Did it kbcp bim to homo P" aakpd Letty. " Me want to ste T' criad tbir.boy. " Ho's jes bis father all over," said Letty, Ho .wants to see Naughty boy— make granny cry! Hiss granny," ' And thoy went back, holding tbelx>y between them, with a dear arm arouud the neck of both, So lbe summer wore away, Letty gathorod the wild berries aod mado. preserves aud jams of wbiob Mr. Craighad forgotteu the thought; sho buog 'tbe . little silver onions in festoons over tho fireplace; aud pi red aod strung tlio apples to dry, aud pickled every conceivable thing, end brought in loag barberry stems and bung them with the bursting wbite-fealhered milk weed pods sbotit tbe dusky wills. " I dcclue," said Mrs. Croig, on tbe dark be gan to come down eatly, I do'no' wbat I going to do without yc._ It's made auotber place of it, it's mode suotber woman of mo. baviug you two here. U's bioke up tbo herd plices an' started tbe springs. For all that, it w'ous be no thsuks- givin' forme with you gi»ne." ... 4 Well, 1 shan't go till I have to. He'll write from tbe last port her lea vV, su' tbe letter 'II get hem fust an' '11 tell mc.wbat time be'll fetch it. An' then I'll f« el as if I must fly I" 14 You dou' tiold no ill will nbsul bis goin' off an' leaviu' you secb times alone ?" 4# 111 will ? Well, T guess not ! fVby, Ilove bim, aaMl's bis nature. All tbe same, he'll gib lirwl of it soimi dsy an' come up here—" 44 No," sridMrs. Craig. " This is my son's," Well," raid Lelty, looking at bera mouitnb with dsnoiug' eyre, 44 tbe eaitb's round, aud there's plenty of it." And dow Letty was haunting tho'posl -office, nad coming in with her fioo liko a rose aad tbe liht j Lcks blowing out about it. It flurries me so,"sbe .wculd ouy, " I csa't batdlyask when I get there." And Mrs. Craig htrrelf look tho long walk acrotsthe bard stubble of too frosty fields oiete tban o&oe; far. ber. It was tbe day before Thanksgiving at last, and do word bad come for Lelty. . . 14 I'd orter feel secry for you. I be," said Mrs.Craig. "Bob bo's all right, you know. He's a man. / An' somehow I can't bfar to have ye go before Thanksgivin'." " Tbnre wva't be uo Tbaoksgirin' in it if I don't beer from Jack !" cried Letty. 41 1 'ain't known what Tbnuksgivm' is this many'e the time now." " Well, we'll play at it." said Letly. Aad the miuce pits were buked and the pumpkiu, and the turkey was stuffed ; aad there was uotbing 'more to do but to sit and 1 stem to tbe wiud tbat bowled round the eaves like an angry spirit, snd rumbled in tbo .ekimoty and shook the trees and hissed through the showers of fulliug snow. 14 Ob, it makes mo cieep I" cricd Lotty, as tbsy sat.bcfe're the tire toasting the bu 'a feet. " I can't get roe thvugbts offii tbo res. I keep seeing the decks planting, and tbo sailors drowning,- and bioken masts tossing up ao down, aa' ships keehu' over—" 'Tain't much like Thanksgiviu'." said Mrs. Craig, gloomily.- " There aiu't no sense in beiu a sailer's wife." " Ob, I witotl knew where Jack was !" cried Lstty,. . Tho little boy turned and climbed iu her lap to lay bis chetk on hers, with tbo wish to com fort bor for be knew not what: " Ob, my gracious !" cried Letty, starting to her feet. 14 What's that ?" -f And then the door was flung open and shut agais, ond lib stood there sbakiug off tbe snow that covered Lim, dark snd ruddy sad hand some, with sparkling biztl oyoa and glittering tretb. Jack ! Jack !" cried Letty, tosring off the boy and tubumglo him. " Aodrew Jackson Craig !" crird his mother, catching the boy, wbo'buried bis head in hvr. neck, and lookodoul sby and curious, and then struggled- ft en 'aod ran to bis father too. And in ; anotbor moment Mrs. Craig' herself was wrappid in that great wet embrace; and felt tbo' cold, fresh foce-%on hers,' snd she could hot tell if it were tears or melting snow or salt sen ; spray upon her lips. " It worked well, didu't it, mother ?" be said.- "Ob!" she cried— 14 oh ! 1 knowitall'tbe time.' I knew it toe moraout 1 seo them eyes of little.Jack'p, only my heart was so numb it wouldn't let me sense it. Ain't much liko Thanksgivia' was we sayiu' dauchtcr ? Oh, it' is Thsnkigivin' ! . This time last year I hadn't nobody. An' new I've a son an' a daughter an' agrau'baby. Come, Letty, stir rnun' an' git him auiliin' to eat quick, un' we'll iet'roun' an' bear all about where be was last voyage and where ho's goin' to be bis next." " There siu't goin' to be do next v'yiige, mother," he said, strelcling out bis other arm to take Letty in again. " I've soeu tbo round earth, and all I want of it is here. I've cast snehor now. . I sha'ri't leave the farm no more, mother." " Exceptio' to go to tho Legislature some day," said Mrs. CiMig. 