I SAVAGE MYSTERIES. I If any rash anthropologist thinks I that he understands savages he will probably abandon that pride after reading Mr. Franz Boas's Report to the Smithsonian Institute on "The Social Organization and Secret Societies of the Kwakiutl Indians of British Columbia." No doubt, their customs apart, these are estimable men. They live in elaborate wooden houses, and their art is often highly creditable. But their customs suggest that they have been framed by lunatic school- boys for the confusion of science, and with a special view to driving the economist and anthropologist into idiocy. First, the Northern tribes are "maternally" organized, counting kin through women; those of the South kin through males, and in the centre the Kwakiutl have got matters into an unprecedented mixture. Whether this rises from a development out of matriarchal into patriarchal society, or from a veneer of borrowed female kin laid over male kin, is the question. Several Northern tribes have animal totems, but do not claim s descent from them ; rather they tell incredi- bly tedious legends as to how they got their crests. Crests are often explained no better in civilized heraldry. Each^ individual has a guardian spirit in bestial form (as among the Easter tribes), but his guardian must be chosen out of the protecting-beasts of his clan. The Kwakiutl have crests, too, but these are derived from some mythical exploit of their ancestors, not from totems. Privileges go by the spindle side in a paternally organized society -a result, Mr. Boas thinks, of borrowing from the maternal society of Northern neighbours.! This is dull, but we reach better things. There are ranks amongst these Kwakiutl savages, who have hereditary nobles, commoners, and slàves. A noble " personates " his original ancestor, and when tho eldest son of a duke, say, attains his majority, the noble marquis, as it were, takes his seat in the Upper House) while his father resigns, and lapses into the rank, of commoners. This arrangement is managed by a system which combines "bluffing" at poker with reckless bidding at Christie's, and a plan of compulsory loans of 100 per cent. Such are the inherent vices of an aristocracy. Here it must be said that the unit of the value is a blanket, while an engraved copper plate of native make nominally represents - about 5000 blankets. These blankets and plates are the circulating medium. A poor person in debt may pawn his name, say "Flying Cloud," for a year, during which he calls himself something else, or is anonymous. If he gets 30 blankets for his name, he redeems that treasure by paying 100\. A man of better credit can usually raise a loan of blankets about 25 per cent. Now, the son of a duke becomes a duke, and ousts his father, thus-at about the age of 12 he raises a loan of 100 blankets at 100 Eer cent. He then gives away the lankets to the tribe; but, in any future distribution, bf which there are plenty, he has a right to thrice as many, blankets as he gáve away. Thus he amasses 300 blankets, but at the year's end he has to return his borrowed capital of. 100 at 100 per cent., which leaves him a hundred blankets. These he lends out, and if he is acaref ul lad he may soon require ¡ 400 blankets, on account of the pre- vailing high rate of interest, especially if he deals with hard pressed people who pawn their name. But high interest means bad security, nor would we advise the youth often to lend, at 300 per cent., on the security of a pawned personal name, unless failure to pay means (as it seems to do) the slavery of the, defaulter, in case which he may (or lately might) be eaten at an agreeable mystical ceremony. Such a joy is worth taking risk for. After paymç off his debt, the young financier becomes a noble, and assumes his father's seat. He goes on lending blankets and acquires wealth, not for his own sake, but that he may be able to give great "grease feats," at which the guests are nearly roasted. . Thus property, as far . as we see, melts into unprofitable expenditure, while at each dinner blankets "are given away." Nobody may refuse them,' and everybody has to pay them back at 100 per cent. Mean- while copper plates are sold and resold, their value increasing at each sale. One is now worth 7,500 blankets! Competitive swagger, in fact, regul- ates the market, a man being esteemed in proportion as he over- bids others. A young noble at first only takes a small share in a copper. The height of fashion is to break a copper ; in fact, destruction of property is the basis of the.whole system of commerce. A noble will destroy vast quantities bf property that the glory may bo reflected on to his successor. Honours depend not only on wealth but on what wealth can buy, that is on the most gruesome family ghost story, with the right to blazon on your doorpost and to act in a ballet d'action. Wealth can buy these delights because it can purchase a daughter of the house which owns them, and so they descend through the female line to the son (and superseder of the spirited purch- aser, who, be it observed, is recouped by his father-in-law, on the births of the children of the union. Thus, say the Mackenzie,have amost detestable spectre in the family. An ambitious Mackay buys a Miss Mackenzie, say, at 5000 blankets. His. eldest son can now inherit the story, blazon the spectre and dress up like the spectre, while Mackay is repaid his original outlay, by instalments, at the birth of each child. When all is repaid, Mrs. Mackay may legally return to Mackenzies. Therefore, the more she dislikes her husband the more she is anxious to have a large family [by him. Meanwhile, the more wealth the father requires the more he wastes it, not for extrava- gance, but to increase the glory in which his son, and superseder, is held by society. The more he loves his son the more he dissipates his inheritance. To make matters yet more mixed, these remarkable people have entirely separate social systems for winter use and summer wear. In winter, society depends of clan bogies, the ghosts of the valued family legends. Secret societies, affiliated to these phantasms, now rule the roost, and the ballets d'action are danced. The young noble vanishes away into the company, of spooks, he comes back dancing in the most odious manner, and is exercised. He used to have slaves killed for him, whom he then devoured ; he now merely eats dried corpses and bites the lookers on. The corpses are those of his defunct kinsfolk. By a pleasant figure of speech they are called 'travelling provisions.' In other dances divers and disgusting cruelties, such as hanging the initiate from the roof by ropes passed through holes in his flesh,, are perpetrated. Such are the recreations of winter, which far ' transcend the mere midsummer madness of this simple people. The philanthropist regards these customs with abhorrence, and calls aloud for workers in the mission field. The Radical thinker detects the inherent abominations of an hereditary peerage, and exclaims ' Down with the House of Lords.' The calm anthropologist merely re- marks the inevitable boyishness of middle barbarians. Really low sav- ages do not behave in this way. An Australian black has no slaves, no aristocracy, no blankets, or, if some- body has given him one, he trades it away for whisky. The real sav- age represents the childhood, middle barbarians, with settled homes, represent the boyhood of the race. Hence the complicated system of humorous atrocities, and the early instinct for usury, as may be read in Mr. Thackeray's report on Dr. Birch's school. To make the loans, at 100 per cent., compulsory, is natural to men in a boyish condi- tion. The exaggerated value set by collectors on coppers" is also boyish. For the. rest, religion, with the aid of competitive social swagger, tantum potuit suadere malorum. Among really low. savages, there is no social ambition ; nobody destroys property (as by paying £3,000 for the flowers at one dance) merely to acquire social prestige. Nobody pawns his name to a savage Mr. Hooley for a remote pecuniary ad- vantage. Considerable advance in culture must exist before these things can, be done. The question is, whether' advance in culture is worth having at the price, a problem on which Rousseau and Dr. Johnson entertained opposite opinions. Such is the moral of Mr. Boas's remark- able - report to the Smithsonian Institute. -The Times. _ 