ME- REID'S SPEECH. Towards the end of last week the hon, member for Bathurst, whose feeble de pendence apoa his leader is conspicuous no often, and whose only approaches to anything' like a good address are when he is trying to defend or land that com pound of political aberrations, has tried hard to reassure the waverers of his be lief in this quarter by promises of how Reid W88 going to, metaphorically epeaking, bang, draw, and quarter Bar ton on Monday night. The blind faith of the local member is the more extraor dinary, as, being one of the great tarn coat's confidential advisers (7), he must be consoions t)f the inner workings of the charmed circle which, at present, controls the destinies of the colony. Mr. Smith evidently recognised the futility of bis own efforts here in seeking to establish a reputation for the Govern ment which would prove acceptable to the electors, consequently gave timely notice of the outburst of eloquence which was to substantiate the claims that Reid and Go. had so profusely made. But history repeated itself in the story of the mountain which brought forth the mouse. The Premier's ad dress, delivered under the most favorable eircumstsncee to himself, his audience being a body of confidential sympathisers, was but a travesty on what it purported to be, viz., a responsible and serious statement of government policy, while it stands almost unrivalled as a singularly illogical specimen of vituperative philip jicB. The bitterness of his antagonism to the Federal party and his fertility in invective were placed beyond question, and, while his vocabulary is a matter of congratulation to his sympathisers, any decent Bub-editor could have concentrated an equal amount of venom into a half-column of space. To bo sure, there is some. excuse— Mr. Reid is now fighting, literally to the death, for his failure in the coming struggle, after bis unparalleled vocal contortions in the near past, certainly means political extinction. As usual, Mr. Reid toyed with bis own extraordi nary inconsistencies ; he professed to explain his actions, but, as usual again, his professions were not borne out. In vilification and blackening of the reputa tions, not only of his present adversaries, the Federalists, but of many of bis fellow members of the Convention, Mr. Reid Utilised the objurgatory possibilities of the English language to the full ; his address teemed with accusations and in sinuations against the honor and the intentions of Mr. Barton and his party. While vigorously accusing Mr. Barton of trying to make the conflict one of man against man, instead of policy against policy, Mr, Reid religiously adhered to the principle of disparage ment of the rival leader, leaving his own polioy to care for itself. Both he and his fidus Aobates, Want, excelled in their contemptuous references to Mr. Barton, the inherent vulgarity of Want finding vent in ungentlemanly eoarseness. Just what Mr. Reid condemned in the strongest terms be practically advocated os his Government's polioy ; he threw down the gage of defiance as man against man, Reid against Barton, and it will be only fair to again humor him, and for ?, the Federalists to pick it op. His alliance with Mr, Want, the man who showed himself the strongest opponont to ' Federation who has ever publicly spoken about it, was again illustrated, and the public should bo again considerate, and regard him as the paling on which the premier may lean. Though Mr. Reid's address was marked by the absence of any sensible explanations of his recent past, it contained abundant claims which are absolntely baseless. The most glaring of them was the allegation that no 'armed neutrality'' existed between him pnd the leaders of the Governments of the other colonies, but, instead, that the most amicablerelationsprevailed between them, and that friendly correspondence was being interchanged. - The man who has a hide thick enough to regard the treat ment of the Premier of Hew South Wales by the other premiers as of an amiable character must be regarded as a natural curiosity. To the people of this colony, the handling he has received by them would be regarded as an insult to the colony,{were it not that he had so in dubitably deserved it. The very restraint of Sir George Turner, in the matter of the sickly alternative, the conference of premiers, sought by Mr. Reid, was a reproach and a shame to the people; the silent contempt was more keenly felt than the most open insult wonld have been. Then notice the effrontery df the vaunt that pleasant communi cations are being exchanged between Mr. Reid and Sir Edward Braddon, the Premier of the colony which our Premier has traduced on every opportunity, by sarcasm, ridicule or fierce invective, Sir Edward must naturally feel most sweetly disposed towards Mr. Reid after reading the grossly insulting references the latter has made to the island colony. Mr. Reid says : 'Negotiate' is the Bartonian polioy. When Mr. Reid undertakes to vilify Mr. Barton beoauBe ho is anxious to obtain Federation by negotiation, he forgets that he is laying bare all the naked hideousneas of his own position. Inferentially from this, as well as positively from his assertions, Mr. Reid says his policy is not one of negotia tion. Yet he asserts that he is ardent, for Federation. If not by negotiation, his plan must be that of coercion, which everybody but fit subjects for Gladesville know will not have a ghost of a chance. If any one of the other colonies bad stood aloof from the others (including New South Wales) in this matter aod dared to demand that the others should make such concessions, Mr. Reid would have become inflated to the extremest tension with wounded indignation for his country, he would have ascended the loftiest pinnacle of assumed patriotism, and used the strongest language at the arrogance and assumption and all other sorts of things of that colony. And the absurdity and falseness of the position are just as palpable to him as to anybody else, but— he does not want Federation. 