DAYS OF DANGER. [copyright.] Thrilling Narratives of the Bnsbranging Times. Keenan's Ghost. BY CAPTAIN LACIE. IN FIVE PARTS. PERIOD, 1846. PART V. The inquest, indeed, was a formal affair. The oonvict servant saw that ii was useless — quite useless — saying any thing for himself at that stage, and he remained silent, whioh was, of oourse, another evidenoe of guilt. He was at once ootnmitted for trial at the ensning Launoeston Assixes, and everyone re garded the wretched man us being as good as dead. At least, out everyone, for Bran Edwards and Miohael Keenan were con vinced lhat the man was innocent. They Imd.both been in the pablio-houseon the night of the murder, and had seen some thing which at the time did not interest them, butwhishtue subsequent develop ments cauned to assume importance. Thej were both In the side room off the bar, and Southey — who was frequently taken from tlie farm to assist in the public-home, as his manners were affable in spite of his wretched condition — waB working in the kitchen. He was being continually oalled out, and it was during one of Ihose absences that the friends noticed a tall— very tall man— walk into the kitchen, pick up something from a table, and leave the room. They caught a momentary view of the face, the npper part of which was hidden by a large sluutb hat and the lower by a heavy beard. It was plain to Edwards that the fellow ploked up a knife, foi he saw the glean of the blade and heard a slight metallic sound, but Eeenan did not, as he was in a different position. As the man might have been one of the servants belonging to the place they took no further notice of the incident, and a few minutes after Constable Williams entered the room, and, having a glass with them, left, as he said to go to the office, lie was never seen alive after that. For a full hour later the two ' men remained, and when they went to the bedrooms at the back, Julin Suuthey waa still at work in the kitchen Next morning, when the- body of Constable Williams was discovered stiff and cold.OSdwards and Eeensn remem bered the occurrence of the previous night, and they questioned the landlord as 10 whether he had such a person as the man they described in his service, lie vowed that he had not, and, in fact, did not know such a man in the whole district. He was aware that the two survey-men were very friendly to John Southey, and it occurred to him that they were merely trying to divert sus picion from the proper quarter. This idea took strong possession of him, as he did not scruple to speak his mind on the subject, though not to either Keenan or Edwards. They were both good customers and a little 6ery if their honour were im pugned, as that the landlord, who was a cautious man, waB careful to whom he addressed his insinuations that they were trying to screen his servant. The loss of a boarder like Williams was a severe blow to the parsimonious landlord, and the only consolation he had was the reflection that Southey would 'awing/as he termed it, for the murder. To give the fellow bis due, he really believed that his assigned servant was really guilty of the orime, and ninety-nine persons in every hundred would be inclined to agree with him. For several days after the committal *Ua *r*r\ mtnornri A'lA all thl-17 ftfinlli trt get a clue to the mysterious stranger who had entered the kitohen, bat no one io the district seemed to know auoh a person, and at length they were re luctantly forced to give up the quest. All that lay in their power after that wbb to go to Lauuceaton and give evidence in favour of the acoused man, and they determined to do ao. 'Wasn't there something pecnliar about thst fellow we saw go into the kitohen the other night which struck yon peculiar — as if you had Been him before V asked Edwards a few days after the murder. There was,' replied Keenan. ' It was in the eyes. I'm sure I saw the fellow somewhere before, but Loan't recollect where it was. Hold on I Hold on I I've got it I' he added in a lower voice. ? It was that portrait, you know, which we found by those bones 1' * Of oourse it was. What an ass I muat be not to have reoolleoted that before. There is something in this, Mike. If we had been sharp enough wo oould have made £500. The fellow was no other than Jensen, the murderer, as sure as you're there. Look at the way he wore hla hat— almost down on his eyes— and the hair lhat covered his face. Yes, wemissedsgoodopportuiiity. That is the man who killed Williams, and by tome means he found out that the poor devil of a servant and the constable were enemies. What an idea to get the knife I Snrely they won't hang -poor Southey, who is as innocent as you or I, exclaimed EdwardB with animation. ? What a fool a man would be to leave evidence of his guilt stack in his victim. That fact alone ought to get Southey his liberty, but I shouldn't be surprised if they hang him. Law isn't justice you know, and you can see how feeling goes about the settlement here. There are a hundred to one againBt the poor fellow, and it will be the same im atraia in tna oonrt,' said Keenan. 1 Oh, you'll find it will be different there, bat if this cut-throat Jensen is about we must be on our guard. He would think nothing perhaps of swooping down on our camp if there was plunder. I don't understand— if it was Jensen, and I am obnvinoed it must have been — how he keops abont the district without being arrested. He must be a good deal about, or how could he learn such news as the feud between Williams and Southey, and how the latter was some times employed. Nuturally, Jensen would hate Williams, for it was partly— or chiefly— through the constable that the faot of the skeleton being Worrall s and not Jensen's was discovered. Don you see how he would have cause to rid himself of suoh a dangerous foe. The constable was on his tracks HBhtenough, and in time would have hunted him down. We must see what we can do in the amateur dtteotive business, as it may be the means of saving Southey's neck,1 concluded Edwards. In pursuance of lhat resolve, Walsh, discovery — or supposed discovery— mude by Keenan and Edwards, and they were asked to do all they could through their friends as well as themselves in finding nut such a man aa was described. This they each earnestly promised to do, fur likely an innocent human life waB hang ing in the balance with death woiglied agninBt it, and the discovery might cause the beam to fall on the side of innocence. As there waB only a fortnight to the trial the case was well-nigh hopeless, and eo it proved, for not a trace or vestige of the man which they sought could be found, and Eeenan and Edwards had to go to Launceston without tho slightest proof that aucli a being existed. When the trial came on the court was crowded ohiefly with officials and their friends, who were anxious to Bee a convict pillared for daring to raise a sacrilegious arm against a representative of officialdom. Hanging, in the opinion of a majority of the audience, was cer tainly too good a fate for such a man, and they regretted tho passing away of those good old times when ' drawing; ' and 'quartering ' could liave been added to the sentence. Uneafteranolherthe witnesses testified to the fact that the knife found in the body of Constable Williams was the property of Southey, and that the accused did not deny. Then there were others n ho swore as to the threats made by the prisoner against the dead man, and to the enmity whioh existed between them for many months previous to the crime. No one saw the aotual deed done, but the landlord, who waB the bitterrst witness against his servant, stated that there would have been no difficulty in Southey stepping out of the house and slaying Williams as he went over to his office. In faot, the body being found eo close to the publio house, he said, seemed to prove that it had been committed by some one who stepped out of the place for the purpose and could not long re main away without his absence being detected. This was putting a nail In the accused's coffin. In his defence, Southey admitted that he had a grudge against the dead man, and told the reason why, but he solemnly asserted he wbb not a midnight assassin. What he meant by revenge was to engage the constable in a fair fight. He asserted that he had not gone outside the house on the night of the murder, and that someone must have taken his knife out of the kitchen, on which It was lying on one of the tableB. He had no idea who that person could be, but that waB the only explanation he could give. Edwards and Eeenan then volunteered to give evidenoe for the defence, and in\A tl.a ^K^nn anil inn vrVinf. t.tiA rAdi^nF has already been seized of. They were each subjected to a severe cross- examina- tion by the crown-prosecutor, and though they did not contradict themselves in any particular, their evidence was shorn of all weight by the fact that no one seemed to know anything of the man whom the crown lawyer characterised as a | 'mytheca! personage.' When Edwards contended that the assassin was no other than Oarl Jensen, the New Norfolk murderer, a roar of laughter greeted the statement, but he obstinately adhered to that view, and nothing would shake either him or Eeenan in the opinion. It is probable that the assertion threw a cloud of ridiculo over the whole ot their evidenoe, end the judge in summing up gave that impression. He was desd against the prisoner, and scarcely noticed what had been sworn by Edwards and Keenan, except to show its unreliability. 1 He jury retired, duc oniy tor a iew minutes, and returned with a verdict of guilty. The sentence was, of course, death, and in accordance with his powers the judge ordered that the execution should take place that day week (16th Septem ber), on a gallows erected at the spot where the crime wag committed. This practice was frequently carried out in the early days, as it was supposed to inspire more terror in the mind of the condemned and also to impress the resi dents with the idea that crime had a speedy retribution. Southey listened to his doom in silence, and as the judge concluded there was quite an uproar of applause, which was not suppressed until the prisoner was removed The erection of the scaffold at the Mersey settlement waB at once begun, and the residents looked forward to the 16th September as though an interesting carnival was to take place. The morning of the fatal day broke gloomly enough, and from far and near the people had assembled to wilnesB the execution. At nine o'clock, tho lime fixed for the gruesome event, there could not have been less than three hundred persons present, a fair propor tion of them being women. John Southey was confined in the small lock-up and strongly guarded, for there had been whispers that an attempt at rescue might he made. This had been spread by the public-housekeeper, who was savagely hunting the man to death partly oat of Bheer malice and partly because he would do a roaring trade on the day of the execution and for some time previously. In the orowd were the members of the Edwards' survey party. They did not attend out of mere morbid curiosity, but because something might turn up at the last moment to show the innocence of the condemned man. At leaBt, that was the comforting nnciion they laid to their souls, but they seoretly felt that John Southey was practioally a dead man. It 111 most unusual, in fact, unpre cedented, to see euoh a crowd at the tiny settlement, and with so many strangers present tho chief interest next to the hanging itself— lay in scan ning the faces which passed and re passed. Some of them were hideous enough to wairant the belief that their owners were in their natural element attending at suoh a ghastly event, whilst others again were humane and charitable looking enough. Though the day was fine a strong wind blew from the north, and' often an exciting chase ensued between a man and his errant hat in °°It was on the stroke of the fatal hour when Keenan suddenly oaught hold of Ed wards' arm and whispered hoarsely : ?Lock! Look I There he is i; Following the indicated direction, Edward, saw the tall, bent figure of . man slowly making his way through the Trowd He seemed to be oblivious of everVthliiK »»' the 8allowB' and, 'L' nearfneit to get a better view of the execution. There could be no mi.Uk.ng '. ™ Though the dress was some ?ta™Hte«£ Sfthrt worn on the night ffhen Edward, nnd Eeenan saw him S the kitchen of the mn. and the jr^CtV.rhiS^n almost over the peculiar re.tle.s eye., and the sinister expression which even the portion of the face exposed gave could not be mibtxken. 'That is the murderer, and our time has come. I trust we may not be too late.' A constable whom Edward, knew waB standing dose to him as he spoke, and he beckoned to him. ? Du you want to make £600, Wells ?' he axked. ' Of sourse I do,' waB the response. ' Then there stands Carl Jensen, the New Norfolk murderer, and the man who killed Williams. Wo will eive vou a hand. There isn't a moment to be lost. Come on.' The official had the mostimplicit truBt In Edwards, and when he looked upon the strange figure which had been eo accurately described, he e«««tonce thst the men were probably right in their surmise, and he joined them in elbowing his way through the surging crowd to the Bpcit where Jensen stood. They had not readied him when a hoarse cry arose. This was the Bignal that the condemned man waB being led out, and at this sound JenBen turned quickly, when a strong bluet of wind blew off his hat and re vealed the fatal diagonal .oar and the bare bald pate. ' Put up your hands, Carl Jensen,' cried the oonstsble, and almost inatamly the three men surrounded him with presented pistols. For an instant he glured round like a wild beaBt meditating a spring, but as he saw the utter useless neBB of an attempt at escape, his stolidity returned, and he murmured ' the game's op,' and quietly submitted to be hand John Southey at the moment wsb being led up the ladder to the scaffold, and, with the exception of a few people in the immediate vicinity of the arrest, none knew that it had been carried out. 1 Don't let that innocent man hang, Jensen. It can make no diflerence to you, and will save him if you confess. See, they are putting the rope round his neck. Won't you stop the butchery ?' cried Edwards. 1 No, of course I'll not do so. Why should I? Very likely they'll be a crowd gaping at me in the same way shortly. Oh, no ; I want to see the fun,' replied Jensen with a low laugh. Finding that entreaties were of no avail, EdwardB made his way to the scaffold, at which no less a personage than thecivil commandant of Launceston was standing, and in a few seconds told that official that Jensen had been cap tured, and that he was undoubtedly the real murderer of Williams, though he would not confess. ' I can do nothing, Edwards, even if he did confess. 1 have no power to stop an execution, and an we have no proof that Jensen iB the murderer, the execu tion must proceed.' As ho finished he gave the fatal signal, and the wretched Southey was sent to his doom amidst the roar of the crowd. 'Take this ruffian away and don't let him gloat over his last murder,' cried Edwards passionately as he went back to where the constable, with Eeenan and Walsh, had the murderer in custody. By this time Southey was dead, and ookingat tho sVinging body, Jensen eaid: ' Well, I did kill Williams, I may tell you. They oan't hang me for that crime, anyway.' He was hurried to the lock- up, and shortly after, under a strong guard, was taken to Hobnrt Town, where he was tried and condemned to death fur the murder of his wife. On the day pre ceding his execution, which took place on t he 2nd November, 1846, he made a short oonfession to ihe effect that Duffy, Worrall, and himself were engaged in extensive robberies in the New Norfolk district- His wife threatened to inform, and he killed her and went to Worrall's. They had long been auspicioua of Duffy, and they decided to rid themselves of his presence, which they did by killing him in his sleep with a blow on the head. They put the body into the Uerwent River,' and after using the boat to get across, they overturned it. With a considerable sum of money in their possession, and two well-stocked swags, they kept along the verge of settlement until they came near the Mersey settlement, where Jensen had a btaunob friend. The money was given him, and then the two men agreed to take to the bash for s time as the safest. The settler friend arranged to pay periodical visits with food to a oertain point. Going bask, near Mount Valen tine, tbe retreat was discovered, which Mesley found, and the life just suited Jensen. Worrall, however, got tired of it, and frightened that if he went back alone he would reveal the secret of Jensen's hiding-place in the hope of getting a pardon, JenBen decided to kill him. An altercation took place one day near the big tree, and Jensen choked his comrade to death at its base. A sheet of bark was placed on the body, and then the idea of leaving his photo, with it occurred to him. When the survey party came along he was delighted to find that they had made the discovery he wished for, and it waB he who stole the food, clothes, and newspaper. The latter told him of the success of his ruse, and fearing that his retreat might be discovered, he decided to go back to Mb friend's place. This he did, but shortly after, through Williams and Sutherland, he was again being sought for, and he decided to have revenge on the oonstable. His friend gave him all the neoessary information, and he carried out bis purpose but too well. To the end he steadfastly refused to give the name of tbe settler who befriended ihe assassin, though the man was strongly suspected. ? Well, Eeenan,' Baid Dr. Sutherland the day after Jensen's confession was known, 'your ghoat was a pretty sub stantial one.' ' Well, yes, Bir, but its appearance meant death all the same, for poor John Southey waa the victim,' came the reply. Tbe End. 