TALES AND SKETCHES. A LEGEND-OF THE »EV? . ' BOREST, ' " . ALICE D. HANDERS, ' " Yes, indeed, ma'am," said the mistress of tho cottage, as abe took tho steaming kettle off the fire preparatory to making me a oup of tea, " my family has lived here in Stony Cross any time the lust hundred years, and I don't thiuk wo'll ever go anywhere else, shall wc, Grannie ?" This last was addressed to a buxom old woman who sat kultting by tho fire. I had been for a ramble in the beautiful Sew Forest, in thecourseof which t had been overtaken by a violent thunderstorm, aud was. now taking advantage of the shelter offored by my hostess. She presently continued, " My grandmother is over eighty-five, and as strong and active as I am myself, and she has never stirred out of the forest tu her life, and my brother has nice lodgings, tu case you were ever wanting any-" Hero tho old lady chimed in. " And my father was a Stony Cross mau, and his father before him, and so was my poor husbaud." "Ah, Grannie," said the other, "you could tell the lady u queer enough story about how you came to marri.' grandfather !" " Ves, indeed,"" answered thc old lady dreamily, " thc thunder this afternoon brought it all hack to my mind." I expressed a wish to hoar tho story, but she only sighed, and said, " It's no usc telling you that old tale, ma'am. Vou wouldn't believe it-no one ever does." This roused my interest all the more, and at last, by exaggerating my powers'of «rcdulity, and ulso giving her orders for sundry pairs al knitted Bock«, I prevailed upon her to tell thc story,, which I will write to the best of nt} memory. My name before I was married waa Betty Price, aud ll lived with my father and mother in au old cottage a little way down the road, where the now rod-brick houae stands now. I was supposed to he not bad losnog in those days ; at any rate there always seemed to be plenty of young men dangling after mc, if you'll excuso me being so vain-and a fine time I gavo them, too, for I wa« a terrible girl for flirting. Thero were just two of them that I Kkcd a deal better than any of the others, and I was always comparing them, nod trying to decide which I was really fondest, of. Jim Patchott kept u baker's shop down in thc town, and he had lovely brown eyes and curly hair ; and I was .certainly very fond of him, and he was half silly about mc. But then, here was thc difficulty-I liked Tom Frampton every bit as well, though his hair was as straight as a pound of tallow candles, bless bis heart I and to tell the truth, I was so obstinate that I thought I rather preferred him, just because my parents wanted me to have Jim. who was pretty well off, while Tom was only working on a farm, and didn't earn so much. It was true that lie was getting on well enough, and was sure to get a risc in wages ia about a year's time ; but I believe my poor mother was half worried to death with all my loveaffairs, and my whims, «nd my pernickety wayB, and was anxious to sec me married and settled down as soon as possible. A ny hou-, she and father encouraged-Jim, aud tried to make me scud Toni to the rightabout. > Well, ono day about thc last week in July, I'd gone to the fair with sonic > friends, and Jim was there ; and, of course, the moment he caught sight of > me he came rushing up, and asked me to go und shoot at cocoanut^ with him. > We started off together, and I suddenly felt sivrc, from his jerky sort ol > manner and excited face, that he was going tc usk inc to marry bim, > cspeciilly when I found that wc were right out of the crowd, and nowhere > near any cocoanuta ut all. 1 chattered hard about whatever happened tc > strike mc, so that he shouldn't have th< chance of getting in a word ; for > my minc was in such a divided and muddled state that I neither wanted to say > yes nor no. Mj stock of talk was beginning lo give out al last, when I > happened to catch sight of Ton Frampton, and signed to him to join UB, for 1 > knew I should bc in no danger of proposals ai long as they were both with > me. Jim tookee very black, and Tom scowled back at hin something dreadful, > but anyhow he came, au« there was I betwecu my two sweethearts They were > both us silent and sulky as coule be, and wouldn't say a word to each other > or indeed to me either ; except that one when Jim was a bit on io iront, I > bad anothc invitation to go und shoot cocoanuts, thi time with Tom. But > something in the wa; he said it made me think perhaps I wouldn't BO I just > laughed and baitl : " Yes, that's jus what Jim wants lo do ; we'll all go > together. Jim seemed to have changed his mind, fo he said quite sharply, " I hate shootiug cocoa nuts ;" aud Tom muttered in a low growl; tone to me, " I wish I could shojs-t at hi cocoanut with something nice and hard !" think that was partly because he was jealou of Jim's nice curls. _ Well, we went on, thc three of us, walking about sud looking at the italie and shows, till presently Jim says to Tom, just to make me jealous, *' Look, there's your dear little friend Susie Beecher pining for you ; why don't you co and comfort her i" and Tom says, " Well I think I will : two's compauy, you know," and was just going off, only I got hold of hiB coat-tails and stopped him. Jim muttered something wicked under bis breath when he saw that, being angry because he thought 1 was jealous of Susie-as if I cared about Susie ! I had another reason besides that for holding Tom hack, which was, as I said before, simply thal I didu't want lo be left with Jim and run the risk of his proposing to me. But Tom seemed really putout, aud said quite roughly : ".Let go, Betty, you've got Jim to look after you. What do you want with me ?" I was nearly in dispair, when I suddenly thought of a letter I hud got in the morning from my sister, who was in service in London sad I said to Tom, "Just wait a minute till I read you a letter from Jane, all about the grand things she's been seeing." So we sat down on an old tree trunk, and they both kept quite, though they looked each as if he expected the other to go away, and that silly girl Susie kept passing in front of us, ogling Tom with her gooseberry eyes, und showing off an ugly red parasol that made her complexion look bright Bcarlet-though it waB puBty enough as a rule. I con seo her now ! I read thc letter, which told of u great pro- cession that Janehud seen, having been taken out by her sweetheart, who had pointed out the King to her- for that was in tho days oi King William, before our Queen came to the throne ; aud Jane was so mighty proud and full of herself at haviug seen a real live king that she never mentioned the hay or the pigs, as usual, and signed herself, " Your affec- tionate Bister," instead of "Your own old Jane." " What do you think of that ?" says I, wher I'd finished reading, the. two men looking at cross as bears all the time ; " isn't Jane s lucky girl to have a sweetheart who can show her such fine things ? I wish I had I" "If you'ro so fond of processions," Boeen Jim, " you'd better go to the farm every day, and you'll seo Tom driving a procession o waddling geese down to the pond." *' If I had tho chance, do you think 1 wouldn't show you all tho kings and prineei in the world ?" says Tom, not noticing Jim', rude remarks ; " I'd like Jane's beautifu cockney, or anybody else oither, to show he; a king in this village !" I couldn't stand their sulks any longer, si I jUBt Bald, laughing, " Whichever of yoi shows mo a king first, I'll marry," and then ] saw my friends coming to look for tue, am ran off. lt was a few days after ti.^. -the 2nd o August, which date I've ROOtO-eason t remember-that I happened to see T>M.O-) th postoffioe, and he «aid in a hurried wbhV * "Bessie, I must see you alone and spealcH you, or I'll go 'mad t Say you'll meet me s the Rufus atone to-night-ten o'olook-dt dpi" I wouldn't mateo any promises,'and only answered : " I don't know-perhaps ¡" but he said he'd be there auyhow. That samo afternoon, as I sat sewing with mother, shs began to talk about Jim, and said what a good young man he was, and how foolish and wrong it was of me to treat him so shabbily ; and then she went on to say thut I should bc sorry some day if I didn't break with Tom Frampton, Boeing it was a non- sensical and hopeless attachment, and -one thing and another, I can't remember it all-I only know this, that though I had decided to myself that I wouldn't go aud meet Tova at night, by the time mother had finished talking I was just as determined that I would. That's the sort of girl I was, and I almost wonder mother didn't know my ways better hy that time. Welt, after supper, as luck would have it, mother was scut, for to go aud sec a Bick woman down thc road : so I just waited till father was safely aslcop in his big chair, and then got my hat and slipped out very softly, sa that he should not awake. It waa«, beautiful night, though dark' ; very wann and uotf a breath stirring. To tell the truth, I should have felt happier if it bad not been quite so still, for somobow, though I was bravo enough as a rule, I didn't Uko the feeliug that the only sound to be board was thc rustic of my own steps through the grass and bracken, and the noise cf branches as I brushed past them, . ou my way to thc little wooded hollow whero the Rufus «tone stands. BesidcB, I had an uncaBy idea that I oughtn't to have come, aud this, as well as the close and sultry air, made me feel hot and rattier nervous, so I hurried on as faat as I could, in order to get it over. The night seemed to be darker than ever, BO that I could hardly lind my way ; and presently a big drop of rain splashed on my sunbonnet, then another, aud many more, falling faster and faster, lill in a few minutes I was soaked through and through. Presently there carnea flash of lightning, and a violent peal of thunder. I was terrified, for I well knew thc danger of lightning among those trees. How I wished I was safe at home ! but I was near thc stone now, and made up my mind to lind Tom and get him to walk back with me. Then had a horrid fear that perhaps he had not come-perhaps lie had expected the Btorm and givon me up. 1 was determined, at any rate, to settle this question at once, and hastened on wildly. There-was another flash, brighter than the first-and it lit up for a moment the shape of the old stone ia front of me, aud-to my relief -the figure of a man standing near it. So my good faithful Tom had kept his word, and I was mightly pleased to find bim, being in a very miserable plight. I called out, " Here I am, Tom, and I'm so wet and wretched !" He did not answer, but I ran un- to thc spot where, through the black darkness aud torrents of rain, I could dimly make him out, as he stood silently waiting for me. I put out my hand to take his arm, aaking him to take mc home at once-but ho seemed to have moved away, for I could feel nothing, though I could have certainly taken my oath that my hand was resting on his arm. I grew alarmed. "Tom !" I cried, " why do you stand like that without a word ? Arc you playing mc tricks ?" Still he made no answer, and I was almost beside myself with terror and cold. Was it Tom at all? Oh, why was it such a pitch dark night so that I could not see his face ? Just as I waB wildly thiuking these things, another vivid flash of lightning startled nie, und what I saw by its passing light nearly «tunned mo with terror. Instead of my lover, there waB an unknown man standing perfectly still, holding ono hand to his left side, which scorned to be hurting him dreadfully, for his face was ghastly pale, like that of a corpse, and his eyes were fixed in a most horrible stare. The lower part of his face was hidden by a red beard, and thal mado. the r¿st look all thc paler. Iiis clothes wej strange, such as I had never seen before, V :t was the fearful suffering face that teri ' -ne, and haunts me still. The idea of \ -eaturo close beside me in thc dark was -duning, and I shrieked, and turned to run, wheu suddenly, to my delight, I heard the well known voice of Tom cry, " Why Betty ! what is it ? Surely you're not frightened of your old friend Toni ?" " Oh Tom !" I exclaimed, clinging to him and feeling more glad to sec him than I ever felt before, " There's such a dreadful looking man standing by thc Hulus stone, and-aud I'm so frightened-and-" Somehow the rest of thc sentence was smothered, and somehow my head had got on to Tom's shoulder, and his strong arms were rouud me in a fashion which was very com- fortable. I began to feel less frightened and miserable, and it grew a little lighter and stopped raining ; so when Tom said he would like to have a look at the man I didn't mind going back nt all as long ns he was with mc. Still, it was a terrible thing to tee that pale red-bearded stranger standing there so silently, with his dreadful look of pain, and if Tom hud not held me very tight I never could have stood it. Tom looked a bit scared him- self, and went quito white, as he muttered, "Good Heavens, then it's true 1 Come along homo, Betty," and turned to go. .. " What's true, Tom ?" I aBkcd in a frightened whist; . " What de you mean ? who ¡sit?" Instead of miBweriug, be said, " What day ls this?" " The 2nd of August," I replied, surprised. Then Tom pointed to the part of thc iron case which contained the Rufus stone, wheic there is engraved a short account of how William Rufus was shot while out hunting, and the day on which it happened. The date is " August 2nd, 1100." "Don't you know now who it is?" whispored Tom to me, «nd then I begau to shiver and shake, for I understood what he meant. "Surely it can't be," I gasped in terror, " Oh Tom, come away !" and I began to drag him uway from the place. Tom was gazing in a fixed sort of way at the figure, but at length he turned, and wo walked homewards. "I should never have believed it possible," he said, when he bad walked some way. " I have heard people say they have seen him, but I always laughed at the idea-and if I had thought of thc fright you were coing to get, my darling--jt ^£ " Tom ! I cried, breaking away from him, " How dare you call me that ?" You see by this time I was getting calm again, and began to think I had been let ting Tom have things too much his own way, so I walked elong with my nose very high, uud said: " This is the last time I shall ever keep an appointment with you, you may be suro 1 First you bring me out in a thunder- storm-" " But I really didn't know there was going to bo a thunderstorm," put in Tom, meekly. . " And then' you manage to -fix on a day when you . know I BIIBII see a horrid ghost, and got frightened out my wits." "No, no !" cried Tom, trying to take my arm again, " I didn't know what the ghost's day was, on my honour I didn't ; oh. Betty, you oan't guess how much I love you, or you would know that I would rather be hanged than let anything frighten you-Indeed I would." ; He stood still in his excitement and barred the pathway, with such a tender, longing look in lib .clear gray eyes that I had to look down to the ground, and could think ol nothing to say in answer. At last I managed to slammer: " Von mustn't, Tom-you mustn't talk like that. There's Jim, y nu know ; and falber and mother want me to-I mean, wouldn't like you to speak to mc in that way, and I'm all wet and-lake mo home, Tom." Dut all the same I wasn't at all anxious to hurry back, for I thought Tom was getting nicer every minute ; ana he didn't seem to be in a. hurry either, so we began to walk along very slowjy. Suddenly he looked up as if struck by sonic happy idea, and said : " Well, as to Jim he will just have to put as apod a face un tb<: matter ns he can, aud findsomebody else, won't he?" " No, indeed," I answered stiffly, getting into one of >ny contrary moods, "1 don't think so at all." "Oh, come, Betty," said Tom, "a promise is a proiniso, you kuow, and it's no usc fur you to pretend you've forgotten," "Forgotten what?" I asked in surprise, " I never made auy promise to throw over .Tim-'-and what's more, I don't mean to." For 1 was a little put out with Tom for thc way ho spoke of Jim-and yet, I knew very well now which of thc two I liked best, and that it was not Jim. " Didn't you say, that day at the fair, that yon would marry whichever of us showud yon a king first ?" asked Tom. Then I remembered having said it, and felt glad that I had, and I didn't answer, but only looked at Tom, and when his anns came round me and drew ml towards him I felt so happy that I could oull give him a great big kiss. I forget how n\oy he gave mc, and what my mother said when I got back. I believe she scolded me well for loitering about in my wet olothi-s, and I daresay I got a cold, but tittie tilings like that didn't matter, for I had my dear Tom, and the best .of 'husbands he always was to me. "There, ma'am," said thc old lady, "that's all the story, just as it happened- and I never ea tv any more ghost«, hut 1 feel I owe a great deal of happiness to that one. It's all a long time ago now, »nd maybe it won't bc very long before me nnd my dear Tom meet again : dear me, its rive years and more since lie died, ma'am, from a cold that lie caught one frosty Sunday night coming .ont of the hot chuicli, and when wc got home I gave him a treacle posset end sent a boy down to the village after the doctor, but. it was three hours before he ?caine ; and then he put a thermometer thiug in my poor old man's mouth, und-" Sut I suddenly discovered that it was getting late, and 1 had to go. A business loss.-He : " Even the under- taker wa» overtaken with grief." She : *' Was he a relative Ï" He : " No, but the deceased was thc only dcc:or in town." "Now, lady look beautiful and happy" said photographer to a thc young woman. "So. That's it. There, I have you. Now you m»y resume your natural expression." "How is ir thal your ton's head scents to be set on one side? Only a year ago lie was straight as a dart." " I can only account for it through tho fact thai he did his courting cu a tandem." "It'sashame," cried thc young wife ; "not a thing in the house Ut to cat. I'm going right home lo {upi !" "If you dou't mind, dear," said thc husband, ruiching for his hat, "I'lFgo with you." Robson: " Itj a disputed question which, have the quicker tempers, blondes or hru nettcs." Uraik:" ll it." Robson: "Yes ; my wife has bren both, cad I couldu't see that it made any di'Jnrence." " Elvira, will ynu look for my spectacles ? I have lost them." "How muiy pairs have you, motlier?" "Three pairs." "Then I'll look for the third pair, as yon have tao pairs on the top of your head. " Mr. A, : " I've got a fad loo, don'tyouknow. I collect old and rare violins. Come round andeee them." Muuciun : " Du you May 2'' Mr. A. : " Kless you, no ; not a note." Musi- cian (eutbusiasticillj ) : " I viii come." Clara ; " My freinrl -Mr. Spooner, who caught ti glimpse ot you yesterday, Enid- lie would give anything to kisj yo«. Shall I bring him io ind tn-tn'cht ?" Mut 1 : " No ; I guess not. Send him around," "Of course you will «trite only <in one 6ide of the pajier," said the professor in thcCoil^e of Journalism to his new pupil. "Yes tir,'' replied thc pupil who was willing to karn. " Wilie!: side shall I write on ?" " You may talk as you like," said the man who doesn't care for sport, " but there was one good thiug.il.out the stadial orin I (¡gins of olden times." "What was that?' "The loser never liad a chance lo write to thc papers and explain why ¡iclost." 