HIS ONLY CASE. \- -We «rere ioMarkbam's " boor," a littieiroom to which he nu lemtaned to retire" to scoo!/ as he expressed h, in such odd minute* as be*ry faome-prsctioe. in medicine left him. Netherby, a sotgeoa from lower down tbe street, had dropped in at ten o'clock to smoke friendly pipe wiltiUirkbim and me-and to chat' oyer professional topic*, as mi our custom. Itftdthin w*S great on remimaoences and struck oat upon them as soon as Netherby,drawing his sbatentfoostyibouthkh, had settled down teto tbe doctorV wicker chair. We smtkednn In dsfsswntialriltoce until Markham had fiafched. " Well!" said Netherby,'.with * long pull *t fcifpipe. -** t*m net much'at4 experiences,' but 1 hag-one johpnt tboremeur San .Francisco that baa UwaysitfQ^ on c^mind." ' "Wb^t'VtB*ftP" asked 'Mathbam.fn his abrupt way, turning a.pair of piercing little grey eyes on Netherby. • 4< It occurred naariv^twenty .yean ago, before 1 settled down/ said' Netherby, removing his pipe and throwing "Ids bead hick into reflective attitude. "I had had a few turns at sea as surgeonon toNortb American steamer, buttbrougb a bother.Ilhad witb the chief officer I dropped it at tbe eod.of a voyage out. 1 left her at Frisco and w*nt*on a ramble inland, 'bad bo definite plan, bat Ithought it would be worth while taking a- turn round tbe mining district. I had gone through surgery, and tbooght, being en Stegrisbiuyii/Ahere. might be a chance about some of the .mining settlements. Lota of work for.a.<paw-6pees about there," said Netherby, with a significant nod. " Did you get any P" asked Markham, sharply again. " One case—juib one. And I didn't 13m it. It waan't in my branch at all," Netherby replied, frowning at tbe recollection. 11 1 dropped on a little mining place in the hills," he continued. " It was about a hundred mile* castor San Francisco. I somehow fancied the plact, so f stayed .there prospecting about two months. To three weeks 1 knew everyone in it worth knowing, Taey were ss deferential SB you pleaserlearning that X was on English euigeon, sol got on well with them. "1 stopped at the'priacipal store in the town, tbe beeper of which was a sharp and shrewd Yankee, but about, as good-natured erf they mafce'*«6i. "One nigbt after 4 bad gone to bed I beard a loud knocking at tbe outer door. Then there were voice*. 1 could hear the storekeeper , apQ^UingBharply to souVeone about coming at that ' late betif, ' lia « nstonteT'be&rd; bim approach* : iug tny room. Be eelled out to learn whether 11 was awake,. and on my answering him, told me that one of the 'bossesof a mine outside of the town had come lo see if 1 would go to a man who was dying. There had been a fall of stone in tbe workings, and tbe man was badly injured. A doctor of some kind was with him, but tbe ' man had begged that they would bring an Englishman tp hira as he had something important to say. The ' boss' thought he wanted to make a confession, and 'for some reason would only make it to an 'Englishman. Yon see, I was not wanted pro* fetsionally, so at first 1 declined'to go. Tbe storekeeper argued the matter with me, saying it Would look bad if it got known -that I had xefused to go and hear a dying man's confes sion. fio J got up and dressed and joined the * boas,' and told him to lead the way. " He led me along .the solitary main street of the place, apdtbeD struck out tor the bflla. I bed not the-ghost of. an idea where*we were igoiug, and as the night was dark lit was impossible to note the way. •.tried to get my companion to talk, *bot after one. or twdiVagusrepiiee to my remarks [ loft bim alone. Be was either .stupidly' Rulk-n.crr so concerned about tbe man that be! was uriible to converse lucidly. " We must have Walked for nearly half-en hour when my 'guide gripped my right Wriat and turned me sharply"1 round, with a curt, ' Kem thh way 11" Btill .telding my Wrist he walked a few paces and then stopped. ' I could see that we webs by a low building. Going onagain niy-guide led me slowly round the • place until we reached a door-on the further side. It was partly open, tnd 1 could disoern a dim light within.; *Hyar we air,' exclaimed my companion pushing the heavy door open. • HyarV the Engleesh surgeon, mebbe Vll du Per yer.' "It was n mining hot 'of'.the' roughest descrip tion. A small limp was burning on a kind of mantle-shelf^ and "giyhigdrjaBt sufficient light to make the plaos miserably dim and weird, A man fin ; the garb of a miner was sitting on a rough stop} by a low coaolyabed upon which 1 could disown a human form. * Heaw es it now, • Jose P' asked my com panion. •Bad!' answered, the watoher. bending forward to look-at the face of .the injured man. My guide knelt dovrnby tbe couch. ' 4Nedt Hyar'e the fihgleesh doctor. 'E'e eom&tibyar; what ye^n.t' say. Can yer talk t'Wfe V ". . V : ' • **1-had grown .accostomed to the gloom, and could .discern a faoe of deathly ps leness at the raised *ud.of jbhexouoh. . As I watched it tbe eyes opened. "' /■ -v-- : .'^eaviB'im .with .me—leave us alone,' said a faint voice. % Kem on, dose, Jbefs gew oat. Ls&vetbe; doctor witii Sm a bit. Kem on!' said my com panion, taking hold pi the watcher's arm. "The man slowly rose and left tbecabiu with my guide, i heard the ponderous door grate as they closed.lt bdiind. ibmn, and knewthat I was aloue with the dying man.. Can t do anything for you P" leaked, bending over to obtain a better view of bim. Draw that stool hp and ait down' by me,1 He replied in a low voice. - " Let trie examine y©nflrefc>"I said, feeling bis right Shoulder. ... '• No, no, not that,' be lKi&' testily. /You cant do me any good that way. 1 .want you to listen.'. ■ X will/1, replied. 'Goon/ 'Are you an Englishman P"he~naked, torn iogbisgtawiyeyeeonniyfaoe, -- (Fes; ^replied again. Then listen. This is a dying man's oouTes don. My name's Frank Matbeson. I wis* diver.; I was doing vary well. -Meand mj mite,-Tom Thornley, 'ad been at It for years. We were like broth era.,* Sometimes be went down and Some times me, We were all right until thegiri ie. Kate-Taeobson her cwnewas. fihewSs; girl, X loved her with'all toy "life.. 1 was happy, so happy until Tom played me false He made pretence of - friendship to Sate, for old acqoaintatico sake, be said, bat f saw how ft wai going, Hewtomakxnglove toher. He| took her from me—tny Kate that -4 would have died a hundred times for—took bet" from me. ' And she laf t me for him: 1 Was ilke one dead. Bvexjyttsieg "changed, ill ^ .hope , arat out of me.' 1 \ avas ' .miserable, laiid ^rished X,.. was be, my <ddmate, ^Tom Tfcanltff, hi^ dobe_H—|dayed faitie. How l hited Wm! We were mating «tiU, diving togdfiur fust as before. And they were to he cuamed—Tom and my Katie to be married. \ was mad—mad tor he had played me tolee. Heh^stofien xty Xove. 8he,was my Katie. % X wpn hiair bonoomldy; he deprived Ol^ 4iow X 'hated bih!. I waoted toidUbim/fmhadn^tbe jdHed toy !»pe—toy ItikL It ^ras iaK gone. Ah ! I Themsn closed his eyes abd etepped/kaid Nrtiwrbyi*1! «aw tbathe bad XmA firnahril bis nuntiK, so I uid {eotiv, ' Hive yon nothing more Jo fell -me?' lo » minute the eye* opened again. They woe quite wild end glaring." 'Yea,'he gasped. 4 They were £> be married —my Katie and him—married* Bat I spoiled it.. We wen diviDf at the oldJferttn on a sight-tide. It was Tom's tarn to go down. X had to screw him op and pomp tor him. Be wenl down. I thought of them, -married, him sod my Katie. 1 was mad, and X did it. I kept on taming the wheel, madly, gloatingly. I koew Tom-was getting. poe'H^; We got him up, dead. I kUlodhka, Killed .him* for be atble my Katie. 4 Then, I couldn't bear to look onber faoe, I thought she ooold read murder on my brow. The form of Tom haunted me. I cooldn't baar to be at the old place or to touch the pomp or the gear again, t daren't have gone down in that dress again for the world. I-would have met him down there just as he died. I ran from the country. -Nowifs all over*. loan die. You've beard everything. Leave me—leave me in peace? 'T' ' "" a "Bis iejasclosed and his bead fell over .help lessly to fan left side. He had spent himself upon hisaarratfrie. 1 stepped softly to tbp door and partly, opened Jt. The noise brought back my guide and ?ose. I learned from them that the man was badly crashed about the lower part of his body and that the mine doctor bad told them he would hot live through the night, but that he would come back and see him. finding ;ho«r nearly Jte, was . gone, X did-not attempt to toneh hum, especially as t badnot been ai^dtorepfJecany prpfessionsl service. ,*\Myguide conducrfeeA me back to the town error the same unknown way we had travelled to tbecabfa. Promising to let me'know how the than wenfonj be left meby the store at which X was lodging. "Before ! rose in the morning * storekeeper came to my room with the infor mation that the man I had visited was dead. ' ^ "Yob are the only- living creatures whoever heard his story from my lips,", said Netherby knocking .the ash oat of his pipe and rising to go home. 