HEADSMAN OF THE TOWER LONDON. OF . There are many curious things to be found ® the Tower. Indeed, if you have a powerful imagination you can find anything, from I e ghosts of a dozen lords and ladies who 'oit their heads to please a monarch's whim to the jack-knife of the late Guy Iawke 8. In the Tower nothing is BO expected as the ®«pected; but it is tafe to say that not ten People out of the many thousands who visit +he cru»ty old piJe, which rears its head a quarter of a mile below .London Bridge, t expect to find within its grey and musty wa'ls such a relic of the past as an officer who is known as the Headsman of the l'ower. Yet the Tower boasts of a Headsman to-day just as it did hundreds of years ago. In fact, tbe Constable of the Tower would almost prefer to part with his right hand than do awav with his Headsman, who is part and parcel of the traditions of the most romantic building in England. But there are other reasons whioh lead not only the Constable but the Queen as well, to look with pride upon the Headsman. The present holder of the appointment is Stephen Sweeney, who w tbe oldest duty servant of the Queen. Yeoman Gaoler Sweeney, to give him his full title, is in his eightieth year. There is no probably no finer-looking man wearing the Queen's uniform, for despite his seventy-nine years he stands exactly six feet in his stockings, and is as erect as can be. An Irishman to *he backbone, he took the King's shilling on the 14th of February, 1837, so that for sixty-one years he has been in the employment of the Crown. He was present at the proclamation of Queen Victoria and also at her coronation. I had an opportunity the other day (writes a representative) of having a little chat with the Headsman. He had just been taking part in tbe ceremony connected with the installation of the new Constable of the To-wer, and, dressed in his gorgeous uniform, which cost the Government no less than fifty-two pounds, was manipulating hig monster axe of offije, which it is his duty to carry on all important occasions. You take us back to old times, Mr Sweeney,' I ventured to remark. Well, if my office is old I am old myself,' said the Headsman, • and so is the h«use in whieh I live. This is the house from which Lady Jane Grey is supposed to have been taken to be beheaded. I have no prisoners ifnder L my° charge^* now,* but * fome'rlv ^they j were all ii placed m the ii.- ' care of r the v Yeoman ' Gaoler, who used to take them from this building along tlie underground passages to the lodgings of the Lieutenant whenever the latter wanttd to question them The pas-, sages have xll been filled up, but if you were to dig down be ow you would soon run across them.' Everything is done to make the Headsman comfortable in his old age. Indeed, whenever Le feels in a doleful mood he has only to look out of his dining-room window to be instantly cheered, for straight in front of him is the pla-je of execution, carefully preserved from the tread of plebeian feet by iron chains. What do you do with that fearful looking axe, Mr. Sweeney !' I asked presently. This axe,' said Mr Sweeney, gazing upon his weapon with an affectionate eye, ' is called tbe processional axe. It is about 600 years old, and it accompanist me whenever I am on special duty. In olden time", you know, prisoners were cenveyed from here in the custody of the Yeoman Gaoler, to Whitehall by water to be cross-examined. On tbe return journey the Yeoman Gaoler, who always carried his axe with him, sat with the edjre of the axe turned towards a condemned prisoner so that the people assembled on the banks might know that his captive had been sentenced to death. ' My duties now consist in keeping an eye on the warders and swearing in the new ones at St James's Palace.' Yeoman Gaoler Sweeney has revelled in danger all his life. It' he can't get it abroad he looks foi it at home. When the dynamitards were paying their kind rogards to London, he was on t he staircase of the White Tower when a bomb exploded. The Headsman, as in everything else he has done, managed to escape severe injuries, but a window was blown in upon him, and he was nearly buried by the debris. Mr Sweeney, who is the possessor of three medals and four clasps, will long be remembered as one of the bravest soldiers that ever fought in India. He had two horses shot under him in the Mutiny. On a certain occasion, when engaged with his regiment—the 14th Li«ht D.-atroons—his captain got s sword-cut, which almost severed his head from his body. In an instant Sweeney was off his horse, and, after handing it over to a comrade, hoisted the dying officer on to his back, and amidst a shower of bullets conveyed him to a place of safety. Recollection of this heroic deed led me to ask Mr Sweeney to throw some light on that much-discussed problem—what it feels like to be engaged in slaughter on the field of battle. ' • The sensations of a soldier in the thick of a fight,' Mr Sweeney replied, ' cannot be described. Every soldier wants to get at the enemy—every British soldier at all events —and 1 never knew a man to feel nervous or to think of anything but the engagement. Certainly you don't forget one thing, and that is that the more you kill the fewer there'll be in the way. For this reason you always take care that your weapons are ready. I never heard such cheers us went up wbr-n we received orders to attack the enemy.' ' Have you ever heard of a nervous man wishing to turn tail ?' • Never. The British soldier's motto is • Onward,' and no man has ever turned tail to my knowledge. You must reaiember that there'e more danger behind than at the front,' added the Headsman with a grim smile. 4 If a British soldier ran away like a coward, he would be shot—or rather he would mysteriously disappear. No, I joined the army when William IV. waB king, at a time when there were no railways, and when it took us three months and sixteen days to get from Gravesend to Bombay, and I've never known a Tommy to tremble at the sight of the enemy.' 