OWNBOIE BESSIE. "Blonnie Bessie" everyone called her, \- and rightly enough; for of-all the High land lassies who gathered at the little kirk on Sabbath mornings, not one was la!f sr, pretty ant, winning as i'ssie. Squire Renfrc- vw, of the lied Pas';, was dresperately in lot'e with Dessie., and sought to make her his wife in spite of difference in rank. The herds at the l,.dt Pass were the finest and largest in the- neighrtrhtrod; the barn and store hou:nc were always well tilled. Hie was a bachelor, something- over two score yealt: old, and he wanted "Bonnie Bes si,." for his wife. "If the lass.ie thinks she can fancy me." he said, addlressing Bessie's grand mother, as he stood under the low. brown rafters of the little Black Lynre cottage, A. hot flasit mounting to they shining oenwn of his bald head, "if.the lassie thfnks'she can fancy me, the bar gain's made. I'm ready and willing to lead her to the kirk to-morrow; and if a good true husband, and some gold. and silver will makel her happy, she'll be as happy as a cpeen at the Ried I Pass." Bessie listened with wide, startled eyes, burning, cheeks and quivering lips. She held'her pe nce, standing, tall and slim, in a sort of stunned silence. until her grey- haired iOver had take.l;n i:lis leave. Thl'n she burst forth intto :vehesnrent. passionate protest. TiThe old grand'mother auffered her to' "trrm until her passion ,act spent. ''Well, 'tis o'er neow, and ye'll simmer 'hirwn and keep quiet, metbhe. I've let ye. have your say, and P:; I'll have m.ne'. We're poor folk, men and you. I folnd it hard 'to get- bread; when I b3o bunt my own mouth to feed; and since I've* been burdened wi' you I've gone to bednimany a night fit to cry n-i' hunger. B-ut I've borne it all, an' done my best. an' always been willing t% gi' you a. sh?re o' my last crust:" "But, dearest grandma - "No'w, lookee here, my lase," inter rupted the old woman,, lifting her bony finger,; and glowering fiercely upon Bean-_ sle; "if ye're fule enou' to refuse this good fortin', that ends it' 'twixt us two. You pack out o' my house, and ne'vr cross the threshold again." Bessie was silent. The -ret? world beyond the Highland peaks seemed so dim and'far away, and the old home scenes were so familiar. The autumn days drifted on, and in the spring time she was going to the kirk with Squire Renfrew, and be made his wife. The spring time came and the wed dilng day was close at hand; when, one evening, just before the gloaming, Bee sie went to fill her pitcher, as usual, at the rocky spring near by. She had ac complished her task. and lifted t'h pitcher to her shoulder, and had started for the cottage, her white, shapely feet twinkling prettily belo-.' the short petti coat. as she stepped from stone to stone in crressing the little brawling streamr whien suddenly she uttered a..stilled cry, ani.astaggering to a Ill's-gr'owvn "*'g' - der..;rat down nl-1 pt' t.? pitcr' ', h. - "s, s;: ,?-I" 5r ts g ..,,r, ,'5'i-.5ietag tnr n--':: ".. on her heart, and trembling all over. "Its his ghaist: it's his ghaist!" she cried. "and oh, how sair he looked at me!" Whatever she had seen, or fancied she had seen, there was nothing in sight when she next looked up; nothing, ex cept.the overhanging rocks in the even ing light, and the white birch trees swaying spectrally against the sky. "He has come from his grave," she cried, glancing fearfully around. "I dare, na, dare na do it. Oh! forgive me, Jamie, that I ever thought o' it." She .drew a silken cord: -which . en circled her throat, from her bosom, as - she spoke, and kissed' the slendebr hoop of silver.-which depended from it:. TI'l never ha' peace if I marry the squire," she said, "and' I ought no to ha' it; I shall feel I am a traitor. And, oh 1 Jamie, Jamie; after all, I love no one but you, and never can." -Suddenlry she rose, with resolution stamped on every feature. - - "I must give the squire his ring back," she said, brushing the last tears from her eye. "It is hard on him, but there is no other way. Then Jamie, then, perhaps, you'll forgive me, dear." Leaving her pitcher there, she tossed back her abundant locks, as she. finished this adjuration, and went speeding away, through the falling darkness,wnth the light foot of a chamois. 'When she reached the Red.Pass; the bright glow of the warm ingle-side lit the wiindows. She approached the near est one, and pressed her sad. tired, yet resolute, face against the glass. - A minute, and she Itapped' lightly against the glass. The squire turned quickly, stared, and then started to hia feet "W-ell, now, well, now, what's the meaning o' this?" he cried, rushing across the room and throwing up the' window. "Bessie, my lassie, what's happened ?" "Something that never should ha' haprpened," she answered, looking at himi with a sort of desperate defiance, and drawing the gold ring from her finger as she spoke, "I've come to give this back to you, Squire Renfrew. I was\ wrong ever to let you put it on." "Why, child, what do you mean?" "Take your ring," shIe said. "You've heard of 'Auld liobin Gray,' maybe. haven't you?" "Yes, I have. But what then?" "Well, I had a Jamie once." she went on, clutching -at the little silver ring suspended from her neck, a great throb of pain shaking her; "he gave rme this, and I can't ever wear any other ring. He--he--w'ent off to seek his fortune," with :nother suppressed sob, "and ha was lost at sea. I tried to forget him: but I cannot. I can't keel mry promise to you, Squire Renfrew. I-- I couldn't feel like she did to 'Auld Robin Gray-I should hate you, I should." And here she broke down completely. "So," he said, slowly, "you have come to tell me this, and to ask your free dom? And you really think, too, you have seen Jamib's ghost?" "Yes. And I shall never return to grandmother again. I dare not. SoI am going away." "Bessie, my darling," cried a voice, aas - his strong arm clasped her. The next moment she was on thIe breast of her lover, who had come back alive and safe. A few days after there was a happy marriage at the kirk. Squire Renfrew himself giving away the bride, our "Bonnie Bessie."--"New York News." 