HERE AED THERE. An old friend of mine sends me what he calls an :,rnagian, over which he is obvi. usly cihuclhing. I am not ashamed tr,; "nfir that ut lirst I was nott quite ' i ?I a:i ci h t a~ an-igragn wa:, 5a I t1io2' toi my mii n,1'y, and the I 1 'ut r?b'ereid. ivrybody k:ct..;s the "- ( v w']ii, yt?!: are given "a "word, :-;1;,i L)(id to cnstulct another word or eh;wot svntCouce out cf it. It seems that in form,:r times importance was att:lch , i, t!hem, by h Plato -amongst other people, on the ground that there was somne relation of them to the character or destiny oif the persons from whose itin:,s they were formed. Whether this is so' in the case of my friend's anagram, I omust leave it to others to decide. Any hew, the v',iew proved correct enough in the anagram composed upon the name of Flor.lnce Nightingale, which was, "Flit On, Cheering Angel." Having af forded this explanation for the bencfit of people who are no wiser than I was at first, I may present my friend's ana gram, merely 'premising that it is only intended as a harmless joke, and has no offensive meaning. He h:-s discovered that the word Federation can he an:1 gramned (that ought to be a dictionary word, if it isn't) into "One Fat Reid." And he further presents it as "Fait Reid TVon." But I don't think either Plato or Socrates would approve of a phonetic anagram. There is nont a more tindly-natured or more truthful man in the "Force" than Constablie Strickland. Therefore, when he says that there are flower sellers in Iwfanston street who can sometimes imake twelve shdillings a day, it is as the dictum of the Mlikado. Taking an aver ,age per week, it would probably, mean about ten hub a day. Be it so. That is nearly the pay of "Captain Jinks, of the iIorce Marines," and no "horse to feed upon corn and beans." Why, then, should I labor and toil these hard times with a van to keep in order and a horse to feed before I can put a penny in my own pocket. when there is such a field "pen to me? Perish the thought: No, I will lye my moustache, cultivate a foreign accent-not Dutch--sing "Santa Lucia" through my nose, and offer for sale the joyous Jonquil, the modest violet, and, the blooming boronia in defiance of all - that Ham and Co. or Chambers and Seymour may say to the contrary. So long as I keep moving Strickland will not Inter fere wills me. "For he himself has said it," and, what is more, "it's" greatly to his credit. Master Stanley Evans. of North Mel bourne, aged ten years, has told the po lico a strange story. There is nothing about Cassim B3aba or a. cave of jewels in it, .hut there is something lil:e a giant. For, as Master Stanley was . returning from a-visit to his aunt, with the com paratively large sum of twelve shillings in his pocket, a ,middle - aged man of Herculean proportions suddenly advanc ed.upon him, swung him over his shoul der, after true bandit fashion, carried him off to a neighboring cowshed. and there quietly, but firmly, deprived him of his money, adding insult to injury by the ferocious remark that he was sorry the boy himself was not negotiable." There is sad truth in this remark. A boy of ten is not negotiable-I never yet heard of anybody who wanted to adopt one: You might, if he were remarkably fat or thin, or if he had ten toes on one foot. hire him out to a waxworks or a circus. But if he be an ordinary boy, as a negotiable medium he is worthless. You couldn't even raise a bath bun or a drink on him. He is neither a thing of beauty nor a joy. You can't put him up to auction. No constable would take him in satisfaction of a distress war rant. You can "endorse" him-with a cane-but he is still of "no account." If preternathrally sharp, an A.N.A. debat-' ing c(lub might do something \with him. But in ordinary life he Is simply'a'nuis ance. too young to be told to "stop on the burning deck," and' too old to bhe sent below to turn.in with the babies. That MIr F. .T. Sincock has no faith in our present method of dealing with drunkenness is, to me. and many others, a matter of indifference. The problem has puzzled society for ages, and will continue to do so till the milennium. As a matter of fact, there is no man more repentant than the drunkard himself, especially when a recuperative brandy and-soda is not handy. But when hMr Sincock "says that the whole staff and paraphernalia of the Mansfield Gaol atre maintained, to watch and look after a daily average of one prisoner, he be comes practical, and the matter wants looking into. As for the statement that there are 7500 male prisoners in our gaols to 1000 women, well, it is credit able to the gentler sex that they are in the minority. At the same time, that a governor and five or six warders should'bekeDt to look after one prisoner, is paying tile latter too much attention, I want to meet Mr Shoppee, the Mayor of Dallarat. Shoppce of the umbrella, who. side by side with the General, stood dauntless on the mullock heap when the decisive charge was made at the battle' of Ballarat. IHTe is a man of humror. Humor of the practical kind, without doing injury to anyone. He wouldn't hurt a flea, much less a noisy brother councillor. Therefore,- he Is only humorous when he says that he will load up the begging Gipsies that arc coming to town in two furniture vans. and dump them down in front of the Premier's house, at St. Kilda. He knows that.Sir George, though he is the soul of economy with Government money, is of a free and lavish disposition private ly, and that his heart will turn with warm sympathy towards the wandering Bohemians, whether they come from the cedars of Lebanon or the groves of Thessaly. He would be genial even to a Turk. Besides, there is a. pretty girl of seventeen amongst them, and there is a charm to many men in the dark eyes of an Eastern beauty. Mr Shoppee prob ably remembers the old Egyptian story of the hermit who, when tempted :by such a one,. passed her on to a distant brother. What .will Sir George do? Mr Styles,. of Williamstown, may be an excellent 'engineer and a fair average specimen of the genus member of Par liament. But, as one of the Standing Railway Committee, or whatever else it is called, he is simply wildly hilar ious, not to say poetic. According to his idea the figures and statistics fur nished by the officers of the Railway- de partment only show that they dre not "grammarians." He might as well say that they are not poets. Had he aJad that they were not versed in the old art of "'gramarye" I could understand him, for if ever :anythlng was ever like "white magic" it is a railwvay time-table, let alone the mnore abstruse calculations which the departnment occasionally fur nishes for the hcwilderment of the gene ral public. Put why "grammar"?" The great Coker himself didn't shine much in thai direction, and I defy even the ghost of Nelson to see much literary and grammatical style in Napier's loga ritihms. The most amusing part of it is that the style of Styles himself as evinced in his statements andl interroga. tories, comes rather as a:t surprise upon the students of ordinary graammar if there be such. He is like a man I know wvho, so long as his "predicates"-as he calls them-are, in his opinion, right, doesn't care whether the remainder of his sentences are " tnDsalteerie" or otherwise. .\As for the railway people, :nto effort to combine good gramnnar with arithmetical correctness might only make matters worse than they are. Dot is getting mn a bit in yearsthough you mnustn't tell her I said so, and, al -hough we are nlot wealthy people, I have a few pounds in my chest. So one day I suggested to Dot that it might cheer up the house if we two oltd ,people were to have a young face about the house. That was my diplomacy, you see. Dot didn't see it. She said: "TWe have been young together, John, and we can grow old together comfortably, surely?" So, of course, I had to come to the point. You can't deceive a good woman. And, after talking the matter over, Dot admitted that she sometimes found the house-work a bit heavy. So we got a young girl to came in and help. Now, as you l:now. butter" and milk have been a bit ext,lnsive this year, and care ful Dot has hben economising by using both condllsed and concentrated milk. And, upon the supplier of these delicacies arrivilg at the ihouse one morning; both he and Dot were samewhat taken aback on hearing the domestic remark: "We don't want no consecrated milk to-day. Missus says she's got plenty." It was the lack of education which made poor Bridget put The Sign of the Cross upon this milk. JOHN PEEItYBINGLE. 