Catliolic Conference and Synod at Petersburg. On Tuesday last, 14th inst., the Bishop of Port Augusta (the Right Rev. Dr. Maher) and his clergy met at the residence of the Veiy Rev. J. H. Norton, V.G., Petersburg, for the purpose of holding a Conference. There^were present, besides the'Bishop" and the Vicar General, the Veiy Rev. R. Doyle (Carrieton') the Revs. S. Karlinger, S. and F, J. Carroll, S.J. (Jamestown), J. E. Neubauer, S.J., and A. Parsch, S*J. (Georgetown), C. J. Haendl, S.J., and A. Kristen, S.J. (Burra), T. O'Connor and W. Dunphy (Port Pirie), M. Ward (Petersburg), and J. O'Mahony (Port Augusta). The Conference occupied the principal portion of Tnesday evening. On Wednesday morning, the 15th inst., the Bishop and clergy again assembled at the parochial house, and, headed by the acolytes, marched in solemn procession to the Church, chauting the Veni Creator or hymn of the Holy Ghost. Some psalms were then recited during the robing of the Bishop in pontificals, after which solemn High Mass was sung, coram episcopo. The deacons at the Bishop's throne were the Veiy Rev. R. Doyle and the Rev. S. Karlinger, S. J. The celebrant of the High Mass was the Very Rev. J. H. Norton, V.G., with the Rev. A. Parsch, S.J., and the Rev. T. O'Connor as deacon and sub-deacon respectively. The Rev. J. O'Mahony was the master of ceremonies. The choir, undet the conductorship of Mr A. Malycha, with Miss Hilda Brady as organist, sang the various portions of the service in a devout and pleasing manner. Miss Brady's rich voice was heard to great advantage many times during the Mass. A large congregation nearly filled the Church, which attendance would no doubt have been very much augumented were it not for the rough weather and the rain. But no one grumbled because of the rain. The Mass ended, a number of psalms was chanted ; the Litany of all Saints followed, solemnly chanted by the Very Rev. the Vicar General, and the Rev. A. Parsch, S.J„ and all the clergy responding. The Vent Creator was again sung. The laity were then dismissed and the formal business of the 5th Synod of the Diocese of Port Augusta was begun, which was principally on this occasion to formally promulgate the decrees of the 2nd Plenary Council of Australia held at Sydney towards the end of 1895, the acts and decrees of which have recently been received from Rome, after having been recognised and approved of by His Holiness Leo 3nTT- The Synod concluded on Wednesday in time to allow the reverend clergy to return to their respective missions. 