A FREE TRANSLATION. More than 50 years ago there was an old comic astor in the Irish "capital named Shean-Dan Shean he waB familiarly' called-for many years connected with the Hawkins Street Theatre Boyal. He was always on most excellent terms with the. " gods" (or occupants of the "niggers' heaven," to borrow an AmeS^anism), who, however, sometimes caused him much embarrassment, when it fell to his lot to speak-a few words on the stage. " Speak up, Dan," and " Bravo, Dan," and " 'Morrow to ye, Dan," though shouted in tones indicative^ the. moBt friendly feeling, were cries not calcu- lated to aid poor Shean in the, to him, at all times intensely difficult feat of remembering the words set down for him. , An amusirig story is told of him. On one occasion " Coriolanus" was being performed for several nights, in which the Roman soldiers appeared carrying the standards of the Republic, Upon these were inscribed . the usual lettera S.P.Q.R., the initials of the words : Senatus populusque Bomanus. The signification of the letters-was a Bore puzzle to some of . Manager Harris's "Roman troops," and one warrior took occasion to ask Dan Shean for an explanation of the mysterious characters. The financial position of the management was, at the time, in a very unsatisfactory state, and the appearance of the treasury ".Ghost" on.Saturday afternoons had become exceedingly irregular. Dan looked with a humorous twinkle at bis interrogator, and replied, "I'll tell you me boy, tho meaning of them letters. They stand for ' Salaries paid at a queer rate.'" Dan's translation got abroad, and caused many a hearty laugh, ohecked by an occasional sigh' at its oruelly dose application, and at last it was carried to the ears of the manager, who, on the first opportunity,' took Shean to task, and remonstrated with him. Again, Dan's eyes twinkled with his native humour, and feigning astonishment at so monstrous a charge, " Sure sir," he replied, "I never said such a thing. I was asked the mean ing of the letters, and I said they stood.for 'Salaries paid quite regular.'" It is quite as hard as ever . to get ahead of Fat. This was proved the other day during a trial in an English courtroom, an Irish witness being examined as to his . knowledge "of a shooting affair. Did you see. the shot fired," the magistrate asked, when Fat had been sworn," " No, BOM ; I" only" heard it," was the evasive reply. ' "That evidence is not satisfactory," replied the magistrate, sternly. " Stand down I" The witness' proceeded, to leave the. box, and directly his back was turned he laughed derisively. The magistrate, indignant : at the contempt of court, .called him baok, and asked how he dared to ". laugh - in court. " Did you see me laugh, your honour ?" queried the offender. " No, sir; but I heard you," was the irate reply, "That evidenoe is not* satis- factory," said Pat, quietly, with a .twinkle in ' his eye. And this : time everybody laughed, evenjthe magÍB trate. _. ? TnE SUN-SPOT CYCLE.-Endeavours are still being, made , by astronomers and other students of natural phenom- ena to co-relate the sun-spot period with cycles of terrestrial conditions. The ' attempt has been made to show that the periods of maxima and minima coincide with wet and dry seasons, warm and dry seasons, seasons of plentiful or'scanty harvests, high and low prices,, eto,, and now Camille Flammarion finds that they agree in a remarkable manner with " the yearly return pf swallows, cuokoos, and nightingales, and with the flowering of chestnuts and lilacs." When the spots are most numerous- on the solar diso the migratory birds come north much earlier, and the flowering trees bloom", sooner, white at the spot minima the reverse is the case. The sun-Bpbt theorists are not yet, how- ever, a majority of scientific inquirers. A BAMBOO BIUDOE.-The bridge of Shi Tsuen, China, whioh spans a distance of 300 feet, is entirely made of bamboo. Eight cables of bamboo strips woven ' together, and ' of the thickness of a man's leg, are slung loosely across the river. The cables are doubled at both ends and hitched through heavy wooden posts whioh are fixed in masonry, but in such a manner that they can be turned round like a windlass. The cables can thus be tightened up. Fixed under the cables at intervals of 1'"syd. aro cross girders made of thin strips of bamboo, whioh are brought upon both sides and made fast to a great bamboo cable about 5ft. above the bridge, which thus acts aa a railing or banister. The bridge is paved with rough hurdles. A Chinese gentleman always sends a pair of - geese to the lady of his choice, and they are looked upon as emblems of conjugal fidelity. Although few people would credit the.fact it is proved by statistics that the Germans and Belgians are greater potato-eaters than the Irish. 