AN OPEN LETTER To SIB JOHN FOEREST, K.C.M.G.,<fcc., PREMIER OF WESTERN "AUSTRALIA. Dear sir,-—In venturing to address the following remarks to you, I do so with all due respect and becoming reverence for the exalted position j'ou bold, aud gladly acknowledge the great and splendid services you have rendered, not only to this colony, but to the whole continent, as well as the great cause of geographical science, by your .arduous labors, as one of the goodly companv of Australian explorers, pioneers aud pathfinders. For this aud for many inestimable benefits you have conferred upon this colony, I have no hesitation in saying in all good faith that in the future history of the great southern land youv name will figure honorably and prominently, as I cannot think it possible for any account of Australia to be written with your name left out. Therefore, we (I and certain citizens) honor your name, and take off our caps to you. But as a politician we bold a widely different opinion of you. In this respect we (to use a figure of Carlyle's) "will not hasten out. We will sit still, keep covered, and feel disinclined to rise." I do not intend to say why we feel thus now, aB it was not to tell yoa your faults and follies as a politician that. I write, you thus. I may say, with a great measure of truth, that in this respect you closely resemble the great Duke of Wellington, who as a politician in his later years became one of the bitterest opponents of Reform, a hide-bound Tory, desiring to rule the masses with the severest Draconic militarism. Had he retired into private life after Waterloo (though I acknowledge that as hardly possible), the magnificent victories he achieved for the great Empire, to which we are so proud to belong, would not have been sullied by his subsequent conduct as an oppressor o the poor and wretched. Also, in choosing the officers to serve under you, you utterly ignore Napoleon's (aud the best) test, "What have you done r 1 " for one of-your own, " Whelc were you born? 1 ' and as a cinjsequcuce you have chosen many duffer.-. And agaiu, at the Lite regrettable distuib.mce at Kalgoorlie, we thought you mp6t blameworthy, because you acted unwisely. But I digress ; for, as I s iid before, my ol>jeet; in writing is not one in which politico play any part, so will jroceed fortjj^ith with the matter in {land, fn a recent I nulish uiouthly of some repute, ' The Strand Magazine," there appeared an article on the subject of " Great Telescopes." Alter giving a description of several, including the gigautic Lick telescope in California, the writer went on to describe how that has been eclipsed in this mauner: One Yerkes entered the ^telescope maker's .office, „ saying, "I want you to make a telescope. Here's a million dollars—you can have more if you uant it—only lick the Lick !"• aftd the result is the great Yerkes telescope at Chicago, several inches in diameter larger than that at the Lick Observatory! But you will wonder why I tell you this and what this has to do with you. Weil, you need wonder no longer, for here i6 a cutting l'rom a papor well known to you, the " West Australian," which " touches Caesar netrer ; read it, great Caesar:" A NEW COMET.—The Government Astronomer (tfr W. E. Cooke) la* been notified by a cablegram- from the Lick Observatory, California," to the effect that a bright comet has been discovered by Mr Codlington. Mr Cooke, since the receipt of the new£, has been ended voting to fii.d the comet. The only instrument at hi* disposal, h .wever, at present is a He'd-g aee. He u derstand'i that what is meant by a "bright" comet id its condition its it is seen by the powerful instruments in use at the famous Lick Obs rvatory. With the field-glass he lins managed io jack up an object which he cannot find named in any catalogue, aud which he supposes to be the comet It is cl< se to the bright red star AntareB in the Constellation the Scorpion. Est il possible that we have a; Government Astronomer w ( .o has beenlikened unto one of the planets as a wanderer, who has made many journeys to aud fro upon the earth to procure and test the latest and best astronomical instruments, aud now we are confronted with the fact that after receiving a special cable from the great Lick Observatory to look out for a certain comet, he has no better tool to carry out the instructions with than a field-glass! And this in the face of the fact that we belong to the great Empire which gave birth to Newton and has always been in the first rank of astronomical science; that we, as a colony, are growing immensely rich and important. Sir John, we charge you, look to it, and to him, and for heaven's sake lend him a telescope—^ an ordinary one with an astronomical eve-piece—that he may not show the astronomical nakedness of the land, to make our country a by-word among the nations of the earth! And let us fervently pray that the Lick Observatory people read not the *' West Australian," lest there be gnashing of teeth among them. And let us likewise 'pray that the Amurkan journalist will not light on the paragraph, lest he, with many headlines, cover us with our own confusion as with a cloak, and say, " Ghost of Galileo!" so that all men shall laugh us to scorn. Again assuring you of my profound respect, I remain, Yours sincerely, DOSBY PINK. 