LOCAL AND GENERAL. Weather forecast for 24 hours from noon, June 22 :—Some showers in south and south east, but elsewhere mostly fine, with scattered clouds. A cjld, frosty night inland. Mr Alfred Clarke (of the Optical Institute, Perth) is now in Coolgardie, and may be consulted in cases of defective eyesight at his rooms, 11 Atlas Chambers (over Boileau's Pharmacy), up to Saturday at 8 p.m. The following patients were admitted to the Government Hospital yesterday:— Walter Peters, 27, Coolgardie, poisoned leg ; Archibald G. Tanner, 31, Coolgardie, inflammation of the kidneys. Our Kalgoorlie correspondent wired last night:—Mr W. Wigg, aged 37, formerly a merchant in Adelaide, died to-day on the Australia mine from an affection of the brain. The funeral was largely attended by deceased's friends and family. The contractors f^r the erection of the Chamber of Mines are making excellent progress wi'h the work. The foundations are already in, and by the end of the week the masons and bricklayers will be at work. When fairly going about 40 men will be employed on the contract. Good progress continues to be made with the erection of the first section of the new public buildings for Kalgoorlie. The section in question is the eastern half intended to be used by the Post and Telegraph departments, and the ground floor is to be ready for occupation in three months' time. The foundations for the wing have been put in, and now men are engaged placing the big foundation for the clock tower, which will be in the centre of the finished block. Other work now in hand is the construction of walls for the underground tank, which will bs capable of holding 18,000gal of water. The glare cauEed by the baker in M'Sorley's establishment firing up his oven at 12.30 this morning was the cause of an alarm of fire. The brigade turned out smartly, only to discover that their services were not required. The alarm, however, evidences the watchfulness of the man on the lookout tower. A Mt Margaret correspondent writes:— Reports brought in by the Earlst.n coachman state that a 44 cartridge and several other white man's effects, together with a skull and some burnt bones have been found by prospectors somewheie near fckull Creek. It is bslievcd to be the result of a murder by blacks. As a result of the subleader on 'The Hospital Inquiry,' published in yesterday's issue of the COOLGARDIE MINER, a monster petition praying that Dr M'Neii's resignation be not accepted is being drawn up by a large uumber of the leading residents, and* will be ready for signature in the course of a day or two. The petition will afterwards be forwarded to the Government for its considera tion. A communication was yes'erday received by the Town Clerk from the Woods and Forests Department stating that the con Eervator, Mr J. Ednie Brown, had given the necessary instructions to have the Coolgardie Council supplied with a number of trees for planting in the slreetE and parks o£ the town in accordance with its lequest. The allotment comprises 50 white cedars, 50 sugar gums, 50 tamarisks, 10 acacia barieyana, 10 acacia pyenantha, 10 pines insigias, 10 date palms, and 10 guirlia robnsti. The General Purposes Committee of the municipal council met jesterday afternoon when eight new by-laws were adopted for recommendation to "the council. These deal with the following matters:—The powers and duties of the superintendent of the brigade at fires; entering premises in case of fire; the protection of fire plugs and alarm belis; regulating the erection of party walls; regu'atmg fireplaces ; prohibiting the storing of empty cases, crates, casks, and the like in the open air; regulating processions; and making it compulsory for drivers of licensed vehiclve to obtain licenses. Other matters of minor importance were disposed of. The complimentary benefit entertainmenti to be tendered to Mr ' Bob' Bell at the Tivol Theatre to-morrow evening will probably be one of the most interesting 'shows' seen here for some time. The programme will include items by the Garrick Comedy Company, Misses Mather, Aggie Donnelly, May Frederickson, Messrs F. J. Brewer, TalliBg and Sparrow (banjo duetists), J. Cosson, and F. Wertheimer. A feature of the entertainment will be the first appearance in Coolgardie of Miss Kathleen O'Meagher, a really brilliant pianiste, who will play Chopin's ' Polonaise in E Flat Minor' and The Swanee Biver Fantasie.' The beneficaire 4 will contribute an entirely new selection of up-to-date comic songs, including ' How's That for a Snapshot,' They Wanted Oiling,' ' Staring me in the Face,' 4 and ' Too Hard.' He will also take the leading part in a one act farcical comedy entitled ' Pronto,' which has not been played in this city before. The tickets are selling well, as they should, at the moderate charges asked, 4s, 2s and Is, and the house will doubtless be. a bumper one. Albany 'Herald' is intensely annoyed that: the Premier has suggested the commence- ] ment of the Coolgardie-Esperance railway from the northern end, and in a grand sweeping anathema deals thus with tbis town and people :—'This destruction of Esperance seems to have pleased Coolgardie, for the Mayor of that City of Mammon telegraphed to the Premier that the people there hai learned the Government programme with delight. One never expected any high principles or right feelings to come out of a city created by gold boomers. The Coolgardie people howled themselves hoarse when it was proposed to take the Menzies railway from Kalgoorlie insteai of Coolgardie. and yet, craven soule that they are, they accept with glee the Government proposal to ruin the people of Esperance for their benefit.' Whicb is entirely an error. We did not howl at the loss of the Menzies line, nor do we recognise any proposal to ruin Esperance. The Government has given something of a guarantee that if the trade of Norseman warrants and the mines fulfil their earlier promises, the line will go through without delay. The interest evoked in the charge of larceny as servants preferred against Thomas Wilson and Albert Stabins, who were employed as barmen at the Victoria Hotel, was manifested yesterday afternoon, when the Police Court was crowded while the case was being heard. It waB shown that on Monday evening Mr Bruce M'Kee, the licensee of the Denver City Hotel, while in the saloon bar at the Victoria, noticed Stabins take two bottles from under the counter, wrap them up, and pass them to Wilson, who put them in his pocket and left the bar. As witness saw no money pass or slip placed in the till, he thought it his duty as a fellow publican to acquaint Mr Sommers, the landlord, with the occurrence. Next day accused were separately asked about the matter, and both at once admitted that they had taken a boltie of port and another of sherry to present to a friend who was to be married. They also acknowledged that they had not paid for the liquor, because they were not allowed to carry money in their pockets while on duty, but explained that they intended to pay for the wine on the following Saturday when they were paid. The passing over of the liquor to Wilson waB done openly in the presence of several persons ; and the bench, consisting of Messrs Hume Black and J. M. Smith, without hearing any evidence for the defence, dismissed the charge. Judging from the applause which greeted the decision, the finding of the magistrates met with popular favor. Perhaps history cannot afford a more remarkable instance of desperate courage jthan that which was shown by the officers and crew of an English privateer, called the Terrible, under the command of Captain Death, of 26 guns and 200 men. On December 23, 1757, he engaged and made prize of a large French ship from St Malo, after an obstinate bpttle in which he had his brother and 16 seamen killed. He then secured his prize with 40 men, and directed hiB course for England; but in a few days he had the misfortune to fall in with the Vengeance of 36 guns, a privateer of St Domingo. Their first step was to attack the prize, which was easily retaken; the two ships then bore down upon the Terrible, whose mainmost was shot away by the first broadside- Notwithstanding this disaster, the Terrible maintained a furious engagement against both, and was only beaten when her captain and nearly all her men were killed. The victorious ship was so shattered that it was scarcely able to tow the Terrible into St Malo, where she was beheld with the utmost astonishment and terror. This adventure was no sooner known ia England than a liberal subscription was raised for the support of Death's widow and that part of the crew which survived the engagement. There was a most peculiar combination of names belonging to this privateer. The Terrible was equipped at Execution Dock, commanded by Captain Death—his lieutenant's name was Devil, and the surgeon's name was Ghost. South Australian Parliament opens to-day. Mr J. De Baun is at present in Coolgardie, having arrived here from Kanowsa last evening. In the Perth Court on Monday farther evidence was taken concerning the bankruptcy of Charles R. Hughes and Edward Burke Hughes, trading as Hughes Brothei s, and the examination was adjourned until Monday next. The following arrivals are registered at the undermentioned hotels :—Victoria Hotel: Messrs Turner, John De Baun, Walter, Fink, and Captain Miller. Royal Hotel: Messrs A/iStevenson, W. J. Stewart, H. Edsall, R. M'Cracken, and W. J. White. Mr G. Watson, editor of the 'Norseman Times,' writes expressing his astonishment that the Water Supply Departm.nt went to the trouble to chronicle the quantity of water-nil—conserved in the Norseman tank. He explains that the tank exists only on the estimates, where it was placed three years ago, and he claims that no tank in that position could catch water enough to dilute a medium whisky. The death occurred, at the Coolgardie Government Hospital on Tuesday, of John Hall, a late resident of Eaglehawk, employed at Bmbanks His funeral took place yesterday, and his popularity was shown in no small way by the attendance of his fellow workmen and members of theBarbanks F.C. (of which he wa3 a prominent member). The cortege was one of the largest witnessed in Coolgardie for some time. The paU- bearers were—Messrs J. Hogg, H. Gilligan, A. Edwards, and J. Medcaffe. The remains were interred in the Presbyterian section o£ the cemetery. The London ' Daily Mail' siys:—The Admiralty is still at its old familiar work of freezing off colonial enthusiasm for the navy. It has repulsed the offer of New Zealand to provide a naval reserve ; it has forgotten all about Canada' s similar offer; and now the proposal of West Australia to grant the lands required for a naval base at King George's Bound, and to dredge the harbor if necessary, has been rejected. And yet we say that the colonies care nothing for the fleet 1 King George's Sound is a strategical position of great importance, and should be rescued from Admiralty neglect. The London ' Star' says a Madrid despatch via Paris throws interesting light gathered from an official source on Admiral Cervera'a movements since he left Cape Verde Islands;. It appears that he headed from St Piejre Miquelon, on the coast of Newfoundland* where sealed instructions awaited him. There colliers from Sydney were met, and the Spanish fleet coaled, Admiral Cervera's instructions were then to raid Portland, Bo ton, and Newport, and if Bear-Admiral Sampson bombarded Havana to draw him off. The news from Manila seems to have changed the plans. The next proposed move was to decoy Bear-Admiral Sampson to Porto Bico and then Ea'tl rapidly for Havana and destroy the few ships ieft there. Finally, should Admiral Cervera, after reaching Santiago de Cuba, learn that two American squadrons were coming to meet him, thus leaving the sea free, his plan would be to avoid them, Bail straight for Charleston and bombard that city. 