By BEBRTR M. CLAY, Authoress of "An Ideal Love," "Lilian Tremayne's Secret," Etc. CHAPTER I. S1IM DAROLN WILL BE WAITIrG FORn ME I" "For the time of the year the weather has been almost phenomenal, air," ob served Mr Bingley, the first mate of toe .ireat ocean liner, the City of Trinidad, 'and we shall touch Queenstown before midnight." tleman to whom he had been speaking; and the first mate glanced at him a little curiously. " You are glad to reach old England again, Mr Lereson ?" he said. "Glad I" ejaculated Cyrus Leveson. " Glad is not the word to describe my feelings, Mr Bingley. I am in a fever of delight; I tremble with anxious dread. I know not how to explain the many emo tions which throb and burn in every pulse of my being l" His face became flushed, and there was a far away expression in his missy, grey eyes. He gazed at the vapory horizon that seemed to girdle the world of shining waters. He gazed at the sky of bard, cold blue, at the bright-eyed sun, whose elusive smile was reflected in myriads below, but his face was always turned homeward. To hin the thunder of the great engines in the black depths under his feet was the sweetest of music, and the whirring wheels seemed to hurl back the mountains of snowy foam with a song of derisive scorn I "I am glad also to return home again," the first mate said. "This is my-last voyage, sir. I have had twenty years of the sea, and now, when I am within an ace of being promoted to the post of commander, I am throwing my chances away I am leaving the sea for ever, for the love of a woman I" "There is a bond of sympathy between us, Mr Bingley," Cyril Leveson said, a happy light in his eyes. " Is it nut won derfal how lightly we regard the most terrible hardships when we are serving the woman we love I How cheertally we give up dreams of a lifetime, even our most cherished friends-for one smile. from the lady we worship I" "And when a woman is false to such a man-to such men as we are, Mr Leveson -we lose all faith in the human race 1" "Dont I don't!" cried Cyril, his fea tures distorted with anguish. Your words have recalled a dream-a vivid, ugly dream." "Pardon me; I had no intention of wounding you. I only made a general observation," the first mate replied hastily, for Cyril's handsome young face had turned to the hue of death. "You will think me weak and foolish," he said; " but do not fancy that I doubt the love and constancy of my darling wife that is to be. I have been away no long, so long, and last night I had an ugly dream. I saw the face and form of the woman I love drifting away from me, while I stood helpless and despairing, for between us was an impassable gulf. Even now the remembrance chills my soul with horror I It is nonsense-I know that it is nonsense !" he added, with a nervous laugh, "and I will not think of it again." He took a turn round the saloon deck, but was by the side of Mr Bingley again in a few minutes. S n_ think that we shall land very early on the twenty-fourth?' he asked. " I am sure of it," replied the seaman; " unless we meet with an accident, and that is hardly probable in such weather as this." Cyril laughed wildly. "Then I shall get to Queenswood for shristmas," he murmured, "and I know that Amy will be waiting for me-after four long years I" He saw that the f~st mate was watch. ing him almost curiously, and he spoke aloud: "Mr Bingley, I will tell you a part of my story. There are times when it is a pleasact relief to talk of ourselves to a fellow-oreature-to one who is in syra. pathy with us, and I think that our friendship began from the first hour I had on board the City of Trinidad." The seaman pressed the young man's hand with a hearty grip. " I will tell you a part of my story, and then you will help me to laugh away my fears," continued Cyril Leveson. "You will tell me that 1 am foolish and cow ardly." - Mr Bingley glanoes at the tll, well knit figure, at the manly, nervous hands, at the handsome face, full of intellect and power, and he smiled. "I should not like to say that you are a coward," he replied. "No, Mr Love son, you are anything but a coward." "Listen," Cyril went on impatiently. " It is four years since i left England to make a fortune for the woman I loved better than aught else in the wide world. We met in a romantic way, and ws loved each other. She was the penniles niece of a clergyman, I was heir to a title and a splendid rent-roll. At last L tkd my ancle of our attachment, and w, quite prepared for the torrent of abuse that was hurled at me. I would not iPre up my darling, and he sent me from Lsn doors a pauper, with his curses ringing in ray ears. He swore that he would disioherit me-that every shilling he poaressed should go to the lady he wished toe to marry, to my haughty cousin, the Lady iMargaret Gresham. " I could do nothing in England, where 1 was known, so I went abroad. I believe tha-t I have travelled over one half of the globe in search of the fortune I set out to obtain, and I am uow returning empty. handed. Indeed, I oiten wonder how I ve "Throgh all this have maintained a aegular correspondence with msy darlisg, .and my letters have boen filled with hops while my heart has been cold with "Bul after nearly four years, my uncle relented. He obtained my address from the rector, and wrote to me. He was feeble, perhaps dying. He begged of me to forget the past, and to return home at once--to the home which was mine. I cannot tell you how happy this made me, it seemed that the closed gates of para dise had opened to me again l I im mediately wrote to my uncle; I wrote to my darling Amy. I told them that I was coming home by the first steamer that left Montreal for England." "And why did you not do so ?" the seaman asked, in surprise. " Why did you go to New York ?" "I sailed in the ill-fated Grosvenor' Cyril went on. "I sailed for England nearly eight weeks since!" Mr Bingley regarded him in astonish ment. "You are one of the six mon who survived the wreck 7" he said. "I am one of those unfortunate or fortunate men," Cyril laughed, "and I shall never forget the sufferings and privations that we endured for three weeks in an open boat At last we were picked up by a salowgoing freight boat bound for New York, and I had the unusual experience of seeing an account of my own death in print. One of the sailors lent me an English newspaper containing a description of the wreck of the Gros venor, and my name was among the lost I "I think that my previous sufferings even paled before the intense anxiety that now consumed me-anxiety to communicate with those at home who were mourning me as dead. Immediately after we landed at New York, I cabled to my darling and to my uncle; I told them that I had been saved, and would leave for England on the first steamer. I waited, oh, how anxiously, for a reply. I waited until the City of Trinidad sailed, but nothing came. Can you wonder that I am nervous and apprehensive ? Perhaps the shock has killed my darling I" " He stared wildly, appealingly, at the first officer, his strong form shivering with dread. "You must not give way like this," Mr Bingley said, kindly. " Young women are not killed so easily. You will find your sweetheart awaiting you with open arms, as 1 shall mine I" "I pray Heaven may grant that it be sol If anything has happened to my Sear one, I shall go mad I I shall go lad !" " Your nerves are completely unstrung, %Ir Leveson, and you must pull yourself together, or we shall have you on the sick List.' " No," replied Cyril, energetically, "I am not afraid of that. I shall be strong and well until- until--" "He broke off short, and a half-sob escaped him. The beautiful face of his darling rose before him, as it had in his dream, and he covered his eyes groaning: " Mr Bingley, I believe that you are right. I am making myself ill. It is the result of my long exposure to the elements after the wreck." "Turn in early," advised the mate, "' and try the efforts of a good night-cap. I will mix it for you myself." " Thank you ; will take your advice," Cyril said. "See the sun is dipping beyond the ocean and the western skies seem all on fire." " Grand weather for our last day's run," supplemented the officer. " We shall land the passengers by noon to-morrow." "Christmas Eve!" Oyril murmured. " I shall reach Queenswood on Christ mas Eve, and my darling will be waiting for me I" He looked away, beyond the prow of the gallant.ship, whose graceful move ments were soothing to his weary mind, as she rode the foaming billows like a gigantio bird of the sea-he looked home ward, ever homeward I CHAPTER II. A 'ISITOR AT THE RECTORY. One of the loveliest country villages in England was Queenswood. It nestled in a verdant valley, and seemed to be entirely hidden from the toilsome world beyond. It boasted perhaps a couple of dozen shops, a picturesque old inn, whose genial proprietor had once been head coachman to the lord of the manor, and a genuine village green, shaded by a magnificent, wide-spreading oak tree, where the old inhabitants amused the youngsters by recitals of wonderful stories. Standing on a gentle eminence, about a mile from the village, was Queenswood Hall, the home of the great Lord of Queenswood, its parks, its thousands of acres of smiling fields; and the simple villagers believed him to be equal to any monarch in the whole world. The nearest railway station was eight miles from Quesnswood, so that visitors were very rare. If a visitor chanced upon the spot, he was made uncomfortable by the suspicious glances of the country folk. They never interfered with people in the outer world, and they had no wish to be interfered with. Theretore, they strongly resented the appearance of a tall, aark man, who swooped upon the village one morning, almost like a bird of evil omen, and asked his way to the rectory. He drove through the quiet street in a hired vehicle which deposited him at the door of the Queenswood Arms. He paid the driver, and strode into Jim Brooks' parlor-a parlor usually reserved for the elite of the village, who patronised the .un to discuss the burning questions of the hour. Mr Brooks mot the stranger with a seughty stare. Mr Brooks had been a ;rusted servant'of my Lord of Queenswood or thirty years, and knew how to look saughty. " My good fellow," said the stranger, sasily, "fetch me a bottle of port, and let t be at least twenty years old. Oh, you eeedn't tell me anything about its quaii ies," he added, tossing down a bright overeign. "I kInow the ways of old orvants. One of 'em always keeps the rillage tavern, and another doesn't let limn run short of good stuff to sell, even f he has to pay secret visits to my lord's ine collar. Ha I ha I ha!" He seemed to enjoy this questionable oke, and prevented Jim Brooks' explo. ion of indignation by telling him to keep he change. The stranger tasted the wine, and pro sounoed it to be very good, adding : " You will not mind me, Mr Brooks, when you know me a little better. I clways was considered funny, but there is co harm in me!" "Are you going to staylong in Queens. wood, sir 1" asked Brooks, very much mollified by his guest's generosity. "A few weeks, probably, and if you will direct me to the rectory I shall bhe very much obliged. The parson and I Ire very old friends.' "Certainly, sir, that is easily done. You can see the church from the window here, and that is the rector's house beside The stranger smiled his thanks, and half an hour later was on his way to the reoc tory, fully aware that the landlord was being plied with questions by half the tradesmen in the place. " There's no mistake about his being a !entleman," Jim Brooks told his neigh. bors. " Why, he paid me a sovereign for a bottle of port, and only drank a couple f glasses out of it But I can't say I like the look of his handsome face; it re minds me of an eagle, or a hawk-; and he's a soldier, or I'm out of my reckon ing." Meanwhile, the gentleman who was causing so much speculation, had walked in a leisurely old way towards the moss grown old church, and was gazing criti cally at the reootor's pretty house, which seeimed to nestle for protoction under one wing of the sacred edifice. Then he opened the gate that led into a neatly-kept garden, and stepping along the gravelled path, with its trim borders, rang a modest peal on the door-bell. His summons was answered by a middle-aged woman of severe aspect, who regarded the stranger in questioning sur prise. "Is the reotor within 1" he demanded. " Yes, sir," was the reply, "but he is not very well." "Ahl I am sorry to hear that," was the response, in suave tones; "but he will be glad to see me. I am an old friend of his college days." " Will you come in, sir " asked the woman. " Certainly ; I have travelled thousands of miles to see my old chum, and have no intention of being turned away." He spoke pleasantly, but there was a hidden determination in his manner that made the rector's housekeeper feel both annoyed and uncomfortable. " You need not announce me. I take it that you are--" "Mrs Meade, sir. Iam Mr Carleton's housekeeper," was the dignified reply. " My master is in the library. Follow me, please." The stranger obeyed, and Mrs Meade knocked at a door at the end of the wind ing old hall-way. A fretful voice said "Come in," and the housekeeper opened the door, saying : "A gentleman to see you, sir. He would not give me his name." The rector was about to deny his visitor admittance, when the stranger coolly stopped into the room and closed the door in the housekeeper's face. " What is the meaning of this, sir 1" demanded the clergyman, angrily. " I will not suffer such insolence I" He had jumped to his feet, and was glaring at the intruder with fiery eyes. "Jove I Carleton, can it be that you have forgotten me h" said the stranger, carelessly laying his hat and gloves on a small table at his side. "A nice sort of welcome this is after twenty-two years." The rector gazed at the man before him with dilating eyes, then his left hand went up as though to press back the purple veins that were forming like twisted cords about his forehead. "Lismore 1" he whispered, through lips as white as the front of his spotless shirt; "Denzil Lismore I" "Yes, Oarleton, it is I. Don't look so scared, old man" he laughed. contempt. nously. "I am not an avenging Neme sis I Jove I 1 flatter myself I am a little too good-looking to be mistaken for one of the infernal deities! A pretty sort of welcome this is, truly !" The rector had dropped back into his seat, weak and trembling, the damp of an awful fear on his pallid face. "I thought-I hoped that you were dead," he said, in that strange whisper of his. "and that my secret was buried with you. Fiend I what is it that you want now I Why have you returned to torture me i" Mr Denall Lismore took a cigar from an elaborate case, and smiled. "'Pon my word, Carleton, I must say that you are complimentary I Wish that I were dead, eh i Now, that is unkind. But you see that I am not dead, and also that there is no likelihood of my shuffling off this mortal coil to please even you I I am forty-four years of age, and can pass for a man of thirty-five. You are fifty, and look nearly seventy. My dear fel low, it strikes me that remorse must be a horrible thing." Lismore struck a match on the sole of his boot, and applied it to his cigar. "I should imagine this to be a very pretty place in the summer," he observed. " How did ,ou manage to fall into such luck 7 I infer that your patron, my Lord of Queenewood, is a generous man I Are you a happy husband and papal" he added, upon hearing a peal of girlish laughter in another part of the house. "Thank God, I am notl" was the hoarse rejoinder. "Now, Mr Denzil Lismore, we will come to terms forth with. What is your price? You have beggared me once, and I suppose you are here to do the same thing again ; but let me warn you that my resources are limited, and that your harvest this time will be poor indeed." Lismore regarded the clergyman in pretended astonishment. "You have quite mistaken my feelings towards you," he said. " I am not here to exercise any power I may hold over you. I have paid you a visit merely for the sake of old times." Mr Carleton shuddered. "I know you too well for such harm. less intentions," he groaned. "You are as cruel as a tiger, Denzil Lismore." "I repeat it, Carleton, for I am no longer a poor man. A few years since several lives stood between me and the Lismore estates, with the possibility of more being added; but the devil always takes care of his own, and I am master of Lismore Grange, and all appertaining thereto. It was this whleh brought me to England again. I have no ill-feeling toward you, simply because I know one or two of your youthful errors. Why should I have ? I am even ready to re fund the money you so kindly lent to me; but I rish to be entertained as an honored guest, and have an introduction to my Lord of Queenswood. This country is worth more than a passing observation, and there should be some very decent shooting in the neighborhood." The rector biegan to breathe freely again, and the light of hope shone deeply in his gloomy eyes. "You are not torturing me, Liomore I" he whispered. "Swear that you are not torturing me 1" "T have told you the simple truth," replied Liamore. "I discovered where yon were, and what you were doing, quite by accident, and I expected a different welcome to this ! I came because Iknow so few people, and time was hanging hea. vily on my hands. Does it not occur to you that a poor parson is of little use to a man with an income of eight thousand a year ? I have only come to ask for your friendship-to introduce me into a little of your select society. I am ambitious, and the influence of a powerful noble like the Earl of Queonswood might land me into Parliament some day I No, Carletou, there is nothing more that I intend ask. ing of you, at present. 1I am here as an old friend, by your kind invitation. My past is irreproachable, if enquired about I" He laughed, but his fierce, black eyes were fixed menacingly upon his victim. " MIy past is irreproachable, and so is yours I Shake hands upon it, Carle too, and instead of looking as though you had seen a ghost, let your cheek be flushed, and your eyes brighten with pleasure. it is not often thatsuch a friend as I am turns up after a silence of twenty-two years. 'o not regard me as the man who can wreck you with a breath, but in the light of a master whose demands are small, whose wants are few I" He laughed pleasantly, and turned to the window. It overlooked a portion of the garden, and his attention was drawn to the figure of a beautiful girl who was hurrying down the path to welcome some one whose carriage had stopped at the reotory gate. One minute, and the maidenreappeared, with another of almost equal beauty, and the black eyes of Lismore blazed with admiration. " Lovely girls, both of them, by Jove 1" he exclaimed. "Who are they, Carle ton V' " One is my niece, MKis Amy Carleton, and the other a friend, Lady Margaret Gresham," the rootor replied, uneasily : "Gad 1" mutteied Lismore. "Your niece is an uncommonly beautiful girl, Carleton. You may be of some use to me, after all I" CHAPTER 1. Mit DENZIL LISMORE. The next day Mr Lismore's man arrivem at the rectory with a cart-load of luggage, and the respect the villagers felt for him grew apace when it was known that he kept a valet. Just the same as my Lord of Queenswood did. Mr Carleton introduced his friend to the earl, and the earl was charmedby the versatility of his conversation. An open invitation was extended to him to visit his lordship at any time, and within a couple of weeks Mr Denzil Lismore knew every body who was worth knowing in Queens wood. He had been the life and soul of more than one shooting party; and the recitals of his prowess in the hunting ield were generally credited, for he was a splendid shot. Mr Dennil Lismore was in request everywhere. no one else could sing so divinely ; no one else could tell such amusing and piquant stories. All this the rector saw and heard with secret satisfaction. Did it not prove that Lismore had reformed - that he had little, if any, interest in the awful past 1 "Lismore," he said, one day, you are a wonderful man. I believe that your ambition will be accomplished ; I believe you will yet shine in politics, and perhaps get in the peerage. The earl is never tired of talking about you, of sing. ing your praises. He says that you would prove a tower of strength to the Conser rative party, by championing the interests Af the middle classes." " I never fail to accomplish any purpose [ have in view," smiled Lismore, comr !lacently. " 1Lut you must marry. A man never Iuceeds well in politics until he has a charming wife to:advocate his cause." " I shall marry," decided Lismore, his black eyes glowing. " I shall marry one whom I have learned to love with a pas sion that is akin to madness. Perhaps you can guess who has enslaved my heart, Carleton? I was drawn to her when ficst I beheld her, and to love her is my fate. I have struggled against it; I have searched my heart a hundred times, but the answer is the same. There is but one woman for me, and now that I am convinced beyond all manner of doubt that my fancy is not fooling me, nothing shall be permitted to stand between us." The rector glanced at him uneasily. " I believe," he said, " that you could have almost any woman for the asking." * "And do you not know which one 1 want? Have I guarded my secret so well?" " It may be Lady Margaret Gresham," suggested Mr Carleton, but Mr Lismore interrupted him with a.quick gesture, saying: ' " No, it is not Lady Mas~aret Gresham. Lady Margaret is a hands sone girl, but she has not the beauty and tV . sweetness of the woman who is life or death to me your niece, Edward Oarle on." He faced round sudden V, and a gleam of fury came into his buri ing eyes when the rector gave utterance o an exclama tion of dismay. SI repeat it, Fdwatd rleton, I love your niece, and will m *e heaven and earth to make her my wif , if necessary. I see what is in your m3 d, but I warn you to offer no oppositioe-to offer not one argument against the all-consuming passion of my life I Yes, I have heard the story of Miss Carleton's little romance with the nephew and heir of the Earl of Queenswood; I have heard of it until I am tired of the sickly theme. It has been recited by you, by the earl him self. It has been told to me by half a dozen sentimental old spinsters, who ex piate in laudatory language upon the affecting constancy of these loving young hearts, in the face of the tyrant who would have parted them I" '-He gave vent to a savage sneer. " I have heard of my lord's cruelty in banishing young Romeo; I have heard it from my lord's own lips. He shrank from the future Countess of Queenawood being merely the niece of a poor clergyman. He had his own pet dreams, and Lady Margaret had hers, too, but all were ruth lessly dissipated by the little god of love I And now the earl forgives his nephew, and has sent for'him to come home, to come home and wed the woman without whom my life would be a blank! He may be here in a week-or less I Within half that time, Carleton, your niece, my beau tiful Amy, shall consent to be my bride I" He bent his flashing eyes upon the bowed head of the rector, then conti nued : " My wooing at first shall not be a stormy one. I may flatter my beauty's heart by my tender words, for to be a woman is to be weak. If I fail, Carleton, then it is your turn to do something for me. It is not much that I have asked of you yet I" " Just Heaven I Anything but this; anything but this I Do you not see how impossible it is 1 Even if Cyril Leveson were dead, Amy would never marry any other man. Lismore, I beseech you to "Silence I Xou have heard of my resolve-of my mad passion 1 Miss Car leton will never see her honored and saintly uncle in the garb of a convict, when by--" He did not complete the sentence, but he steoped swiftly from the room, for Miss Carleton was just leaving the rec tory, a letter in her hand. He hastily put on his hat and rushed after her, his whole soul now afire with the passion that he could no longer con trol. Amy turned when she heard his quick steps behind her, and saw something in his face that filled her with a nervous dread, " I see that you are going to the post office, Miss Carleton," he said, raising his hat; "may I walk with you 7" - " If it is your wish, Mr Llsmore, how can I object i" she replied. " That is a very ungracious invitation, Miss Carleton. I hope that my presence is not repugnant to you ." "Have I e er led you to believe so 'I could not be so rude to my uncle's guest and life-long friend." " Then it is not for my own sake that you condescend to be even civil to me "T ho said, bitterly, " I did not say that, Mr Llsmore," Miss Carleton rejoined, a little impa tiently. She could not understond why this man should talk in this way. In her heart she did not like him, and wondered why the rector permitted him to practi cally rule the household. WlWhy would he not leave her to conti nue her walk alone? It was a lovely morning, with a touch of frost in the air, the hoar froatness sparkling in the grass and on the hedge rows, and the robins werejwhistling mnerrily.Z There;|was;a sweet crispness in the wind-a crispness, a freshness that made her heart bound joydously. She had intended, to walk through the village into the open country beyond-to visit many of the quiet nooks where she and her lover had made those sweet vows in the long ago-vows which could never be broken. In. her pocket was his last letter, tolling her that he would soon be home again, homo never to part trom her again I" ,,8he had tasted of sorrow, but her reward was happiness which no words can paint. Cyril was coming to her Oyril, her lover, her king I Then the hateful tones of Mr LIsmore again diaturbes her. "Do you know, Miss Carleton, that I value one kind word from you more than the whole of my possessions." "Yon are pleased to be ridiculous, sir," retorted Amy, flushing indignantly. " Unless you wish me to complain to my uncle, you will never dare to utter such nonsense to me again I" "'Nonsense " he said, fiercely. "Do you call the love of my life nonsense ? Stop, Miss Carleton, and hear what I have to say. We are safe from observa tion, and you need not tremble so, for I would rather die than injure one hair of your head 1 Miss Carleton, I have loved you from the first moment I behold you I No, don't interrupt me;. I will say what I have to say, and you may find it in your heart to pity me. I know that one for whom you have some romantic, sickly sentiment is coming home to wed you; I know all this, and yet I speak in this way, and swear that it can never be I You shall be my wife, or-" His muscular fingers tightened on her slender wrist, and she felt his burning breath upon her cheek. " Coward I" she cried, " Unhand me I How dare you insult me with your dis gusting professions of love 1" With a quick movement she flung aside his hand, and flashed upon him a glance so full of withering contempt that he re coiled as before the sting of a lash. "I shall not forget those words," he said, with a bitter smile, " and you shall yet sue to me for mercy which will be granted only upon my own terms I One in terview with your saintly uncle will arouse your respect, even if you are disposed to hate me, and you will never marry Cyril Leveson 1" But at that moment my lord's brou gham swept round a bend in the lane, and the horses were advancing at a quick trot. Lady Margaret was the only occupant, and, the instant she beheld Miss Carleton and MIr Lismore, she ordered the coach man to stop. While Amy was relieved by the unex pected appearance of her ladyship, she never forgot the strange faintness that assailed her when she looked upon the white and set face of Lady Margaret Gresham. " My poor child I" she said, "I have awful news for yon-awful news for both of us I Hero, come into the brougham. You will excuse us, Mr Lismore ?" Mr Lismoro bowed, and the carriage rolled away. " I cannot find words to toll you of the new trouble which has befallen us! 01, Amy, read this-this awful telegram I It has nearly killed the earl, and it has broken my heart, for I have no shame in confessing that I loved my cousin, Cyril, now that he is dead I" She leaned back, white with suffering and misery, and Amy clutched at the niece of yellow paper that fluttered from her trembling fingera. This in what it contained : " The Grosvenor has 'foundered, and every soul on board perished." My lord had taken the precaution to arrange with the shipping agents to tele graph to him the first news of the vessel that was bringing home the nephew he had wronged. " Dead I" moaned Amy. "My lover is dead 1" She repeated these words many times, and gazed stonily before her; then the carriage pulled up before the rectory, and the servants carried -her indoors in the throes of a wild delirium! (To ba Continued). 