SPOtiTlXG JSrOTES. THE TURF. riÍY "Calma." ! Kr.ees will be held at .Mordialloe to-day. Anticipations :— Hunnr.i: I'aim:.—Stamford, 1 ; Hue,'2: Rein deer, o. Titial Handicap.—Airlock, 1 ; «Vigraore, 2 : Mad.owla, 3. WiXTF.u Hanoii'ap.—Legs, I; Laird of Kilrie, 2 : Nanette, i!. Jt'Mi-Kr.s' Fiat. ÍIack.—Flcuretie, 1 : Lind say, 2 ; Garnet, 3. ErsoM Handicai'.—Airlock, 1 ; M.L.A., 2: Utah, :5. Mordiau.oc Hasi»ic\u\ —Sunbury, 1 ; Loch Fad, 2 ; Woodbine, 3. The winter meeting of tlie Bendigo .Jockey Cub on Wednesday and Thursday was a great success from' all standpoints. Ble»«ed with glorious weather, the attendance was large and the sport excellent.. On the -lirst day the favorites went down with monotonous regu larity, until the Trot came on for decision, and of course the favorite in this ease won, as it always does. The victory oí Stamford in the Hurdle Race was a rare turn up for the ring, only a. few stray soveruigns being invested here and there. Pilot Boy was b-r.vih- supported, but broke down badly when making his run. Borderer.also had matiy friends, but they were soon put out of their misery, as he got rid'of his rider at the second".jump. Irish Stew and i)epo5eiVc;n'vi?.'.l n.he?.p 'o£ money, bnt in the actual race hod not the ghost of a chance with the winner, ;who:was always iu front. : ' ^■Bannach'fc Liith'Was. bkék'ed.with great spirit for the Publicans' Purse,¡and ro/the early stages of the:race he/seemeá to-Eave .-the field 'at his liVerey,' but '.'fell' ;áway áll^óf"a sudden á i the türn."",;The j>érformáuce of the jockey. ,'wa»_ not palatable'to die owner, who'on the second'day put up .Or. Henry, but Banmiehl Láitlv failed again." Laird oi.li.i'ric showed a., rare dash of foot' in the Federation Pur.;c, but his speed was' w o fully absent on the second day. Mr. J. Heffeman experienced hard luck with Viscount. He had him well backed on both days, and after ' running two dead heats on Thursday he had the misfortune to lose the race on protest and to have Tie, his jockey, nibbed out for 1- months. Kurnalpi, although having just been taken out of the paddock, easily annexed the Novice Steeplechase. He won by a head, but Glcnnon, who rode a nice race, had a lot up his sleeve. Cavalier ran a very good horse, and should do better in the future. Barney, one of the starters, should make a fair horse if a good trainer gets hold of him. The usual procession resulted in t he Trot, Bell Boy winning anyhow. Speculation, one of the starters, is bound to be heard of pre sently. He can use his legs in rare style. Sunshade landed the odds in the second Hurdle Race without much difficulty. It would have been a bit rough on the punter who "gob in" on the owners if Sunshade had not won. At? ICyneton yesterday lie was again well backed, but failed to get a situation. : Chepstowe looked a rare investment for the Plying Haudicapon Thursday, but was kept too late for tho final run. Some aver he won, but in suck a close race no one is in such a good position as the judge to decide. The Steeplechase saw many falls ¡ind an ex cellent exhibition ot jumping by Tremolo and Euro, who never touched a jump. j Racing around the country Sunbrown had no earthly show with Fourwings. Yet the two horses showed themselves capable of holding their own in metropolitan company. No doubt they will be raced in Melbourne. t What a little lady Turnkey is! She was foaled in October, so will not be three years old till next October. She showed great pace, and if not raced too much will turn out qne of the very best. Several Melbourne men cast long ing eyes it her oil the first day of the meeting^ The programme for the Myers' Mat races, to be held on Wednesday, 20th June, appear in oiir advertising columns: '' _ • Mr. Brewer has been singularly successful in South Australia With his string of horses. With Australian and Lochabor he carried off both sprinting events—the Goodwood and City Handicaps. On Saturday a heap of money went on to Loehaber at the last moment, and he started at 3J to 1; j" Lewis rode two winners at Adelaide on Satur day, steering Quickshotr and Loehaber to vic tory. ' Minindie has now won three hurdle races in ai many tries. He scored his third victory, on Saturday in the A.R.C. Hurdle Racej; Wirrawsv ran second and Regent third. ¡I tipped Regent first, Minindie second, and Wirrawa third. * . • ~ Thunder Queen ran a great race in the Citjy' Handicap, and iio doubt her second sharpened, her up for the Birthday Cup o'n'Monday, whiqh; event she won. Mr. D. {James's pair—Elen 1 ishian and Princess of Wales—ran second and ienrd. Thunder Queen is a splendid mare to tlok at, and is a heap of quality. No doubt vfe. shall see ber over here before long. 1 Evanston cannot be half ¡1 bad steeplechaser. He wins his races by a street. He ran away with the Selling Steeplechase on Saturday. • 1 As predicted by me, Ranfurly won tile. Adelaide Stakes after a great set to wiéh Hainault. Mr. W. T. Jones, the owner of Bravo ard Newhaven when they won the Melbourne Cup and Derby, has been a very lucky man on tlie Australian turf. His good luck is still stickir g to him in England. Airs and Graces, who wc n the Oaks in England, is the property of Mr. Jones. Tills is the first time he has started £ filly for the race. Wlieu £4,000 odd were given for Titan, jt createdquiteastirin Australian turf circles. Thjis wa3 intensified when Carbine brought 13,0(}0 guineas.. Then followed big figures for Carnage "and Trenton. Mr. W. R. Wilson sold Carna je, for £3,500. Now comes the news that tljer buyer of ,Cárhage¿ wlio «sed hjm for stud pur-' poses, liás sold the son of Nordcnfeldfc—Tffersey to the German Government for 10,000 guineaj3.; Authoritative racing men, to wit, Messrs. Glasscóck, HarrisoD, and G. P. Brewer, do not consider the jumps at Flemington dangerous.' LastvGlen and ■ Warrior, ■ who both cjiiju • Glcnloth's sire,.Glennjarkie, won the jumping double at Moonee Vailey-on Saturday—Maid-Jn i H.urdle and Steeplechase. - I < j .. Aluminium, Cadow, Djin Djin, and Ackess | are all Sydney "ponies." , They Aveee. engaged at Moonee Valley, but the nevr rule bearing on tin: question of allowing ponies which have competed at unregistered meetings prevented them starting. The same rule explains the absence of Aluminium from the B.J. C.:Meet ng. ' ' When will Warrior cease winning. Once more he scored, the Moonie Valley Steeple^ chase falling to him. Loehiel's stock have already won over £1-1,000 in stakes. " . ' I . Flodden, who I expected to see run forward in the Sydney Turf Club Birthday Cap, came outfín the Winter Stakes at Sydney Táttersall's on Saturday, and led the field a merry dance from end to end. He went out at- any price and 1 won by a neck. Ránfurly and Paul Pry added to the winning account of Sir Rtipert Clarke at Adelaide on Saturday. |. Troy has good ijumping blood in his veins, : being by Paris, and you can depend upon it lie is not too bad wliei. Joe Edge elects to train liiró and also ride him. He started at odds on at Moonee Valley on Saturday, and won easily. Realgar has not been very successful over hurdles. He went out at odds on in the Federal Hurdle Race and won by a length from Pilot Boy. . \- Blunderer, whose win at Willianistown. created a good deal of criticism at the timé, upsét a well-backed one in Lente in the Lang warrin Handicap. He went out at the nice pride of 7 to 1. i The best looking thing on paper was Bannacht Laith for the Welter Handicap at Moonee Valley on Saturday, and as predicted by mc lie won easily at the finish. ' Slrathroy, at a difference of [a stone, beat SáUor Boy and Spark in the Flying Handicap at Rahdwick on Saturday. Gauline, by Gozo,- carried off the Welter Handicap at Randwick from a big field on Saturday'/starting at any price. . ! ■'At the Queensland Turf Club's Races on Saturday Cabin Boy won the Royal Stakes (weight foe. age) easily from a field of seven.' Rubydor, by Splendor—Ruby, carried off the Moreton Handicap, the principal event of the day. ; The Knowsley Winter Race Meeting Will be lield on Wednesday next. A special train will, leave Bendigo at 1 p.m. and-return at 8.10 p.m. The next meeting of the Lockwood Jockey, Club will take place on 22nd June. Entries for all event- close 011 Saturday, ISth June, and handic-aps will appear the following Monday. Mr. J. T. M'Mahon is secretary and handi eapper. j The Marong Jockey Club Winter Meeting will be held 011 15th June. Acceptances and j entries for Trial States are due on 13th June. Semaphore is to be given a spell. Count Herbert will shortly be sent to Mel bourne from the Warrnambod district. S. Hendricks, who was seriously injured when Vigil fell at Caulfield with him, has left the Alfred Hospital, but he is far from strong. Thunder Queen, winner of the A.R.C. Birth day Cup, paid the nice dividend of £2S 17s. Tarsus, who won the Kensington Stakes, paid a dividend of i'47 10s. Tapioca, who is trained by Walter Hickon bcthani, >von t-hc Welter Handicap at th< A.R C. Mc-'tii'g 0:1 Monday. Patron has been so'td to an KngUsh sports man. ' Ayrshire, Cherry and Vedette left tor India on Saturday. Federal, who was raced at Bendigo, Marong and other country meetings as Governor, won Lite Newmarket Handicap at Ascot on Monday. The protest against Roseleaf, winner of '.lie Wagga Cup, has been withdrawn. Backers of Rose-leaf now receive their money. Kvnkton- Amatixk Racinc Cixn. \- The weather yesterday was very unfavorable for racing, and consequently the attendance was o-ily . moderate. A protest was entered against Ueadford, the winner of the Glen Erin Hartdicn,), by the owner of Kauri Gum, on the ground that he ran at an unregistered meeting in Nev.; South Wales. Results :— Tiu.u, ÍIasdicap.—Kauri Gum, 1 ; Steel Arrow, . 2 : Innisconibc, Betting : G to .1 Kauri Gur.i. W;;i.T!:n Handicap.— Glentana, 1: Carmen, 2'; Ausievlite, 3. Betting • 0 to -i Glentana. Il.tcic Rací:.—Lady Chance, 1 ; Rag, 2 : Jimmy, 3. Betting ; 10 to 1 Lady Chance. Fi:i>i.i:vr, Hanihoat.—Carmen, 1 ; Moroney, 2 ; Austc-rlitz, 3. Betting : 7 to 1 Carmen. \- ■ IiuitDi.n Rack.— Compulsion, 1; Hotspur, Norman, 3. Betting: 5 to 1 Compulsion. Glen" Ejus IL\>'i>¡cav.—Readi'ord, I ; Kauri Gum; 2 i-Tritamu-. 3. Betting: ti to 4 Read ford. CYCLING. [By "Safety-,"]. There. has been very little: doing in cycling cirdles •'during' the past week, -the Bendigo Jockey Club Winter Meeting having absorbed the attention of all sections of sports. It is very noticeable that there is always a good feel ing cxist'ug between our ieading sporting insti tutions, and their success in the past is duo i great measure to their loyalty to each other in this respect. The events that arc engaging the attention of club men at present are the Inter club ""Championship's,' wliich arc arranged take place in,August. The Ramblers are said to have a formidable team again this season, and they will go into active training at once. The Bendigo are lamenting the loss otF. A. Moore, who is debarred from competing owing to his aisaualificat.'on C. E. Roberta, one of their best msn, will be absent from the team, and the> will be compelled to bring forward some of their young members, who maydevelopintotot ThB&TuX; W Cl?SSiral eie,lt3 • ^°"= L,ulIi ^ annerers are evidently defer red to put a strong team forward, and the haiidicappcrs of the club have been entrusted «•i h the selection. Tl.c InSIewood Club Im-fc notified their intention of sending a renresenti u-o team to compete, and they wKTnto UTlul'\í0the' v1'hnChampionshiP is open-to ^ district, and entries anv o . ... xu'uuma mstnet, can be made up till the 3rd August. .. ic iiagleliawk Borough Council has com. SSSiSin °qDI!eotion wiíh *tíe handicaps will be issued on-'Monday "there S a ^rge.nulnber already entered. • - • ,a Bicvcie hereninS next the Bendigo During the evening a handsome group photo inÍvS^'firíl11^!3' mnch attention ,fi ejclmg circles throughout the colony is the" advisabilityof-excluding'the trade irom ¿kid® tiZvudiH- g~;ernment, The Awtfa. i i b®en interviewing all the lead. ° cycle houses with' aview to obtiinino- ffimV refers ?n tL Sl'e, m,0re ; esPeciaUy ..when ,it IJ, ■ ' 6."e • racing- department. The local 7 '"^t'vieH-ed were unanimous -íñ their co'n rSdtha^if"^^850^ Syitcm> and strongly urged, that the trade should be debarred from ,t;^Pg .P"fc in league aflairs. aeuarrecl tr.?»i for - wjf* t!r ^ 0f Pr'^c winners beintr £21^ utl s, nu'ast ™™on, his tofel next with Sue 15 s ~ • •Ch^mP'.on Wiline ;«Nnes • Afi Srdwy,• on. Tuesday", Jack Parsons' tied and B°eulS trfU r-°rd' held ^ Lombard r.,,/19' behind quints '.manned-By'Lewis Relph, Beauchamp, Mddleton amf"1*Miie •o- ó *-"3 ma$5e two attempts.- His tií¿¿ were at aq f "1^' ?is "next -'came out taken" b^ '-nf 47 TC"11»® «mes were taken - bj Oakesv and Kerr, the leasrne' timekeepers Thé ^Australian Cy Ust Í3 .informed, officially; that.. no notice" fhlrA league of: -the attempt and present, .therefore the. record will not. unfor tunately for Parsons, be recognised. The le&sue; cI-f.arl3' that, notice- must. be . given are For hP g inyreo.?rris-' W orld's records - hl \7 the quarter-mile, 21 3-5 sec., secured Slf-mS°P r and.4',sec-rby Lombard, in jhe T. Rélph'has annexed'Betts'3 2-mile record of hs sec-t0 ^ Martin s o-mile mateh.witli Terrill proved'an easy;victory for WjjyijAfn;' as: hfe- tlSeld -SKS9 -&st; \- mile. "• -The^ime^vas o m n ^'th°.&AanA; second miles occupying total foi- the ful.I distance was 10 tain. 11 sec tmHa ;n no '- no n-e?,mpetitiotl miles •" Aua' R / ■ -'lni,?fec*> ^ win 5 sec., aritiaSin Ilee4 U•Pap®- •, ie; Stili:h^.^ lump up ;hi3 'i ^ j Y'-¿tor'ílIÍ iSrassard ¿alary of £5 -ner vmir haeW thel3ft-HV*°drieSday- ", R- Waln'e¡ who Aas and ?i.aSa',nSfc t!l'e °»s!aughtP of Body iAw!vbountv6 v;n:Se^6 a'i«cipient.Lof thf league will '^i*S ^"'^ cMtain Uiatihe sea-fon.- o - ?_he B^saard system next j . A. C. Forbes, who competed hern'licV riw,». ';¡m I " • ; ■ roOTBí\Lii.. ' . - .. • --R J To-DAV'S SrÁTCHEf;. ' -.'-I JaecoS ' Tr^^-fei^í,'M^ah0nÍ§4¿; ' Ti ^ : v. COUKSING.- - . T cenedfrom various parts of the colonv wnm good sport may be anticipated. The proiammp close on Mondaye'evelní:aKe-drafvn will JAS. K. HARTLEY. ... Calls attention to • - CASH REDUCTIONS • For < " : . HIGH-GRADE .WHEELS. T vti^I'®ÍG5S,t'9S Pattern, +;2L - LADYS and GENT'S STIRUL>TGS "06 flff '/S -V,Cr^ stee1' or wood rims . fitted with Dunlop Tvres), £18 * • • - ; JAMES, £2D. ' Special Reductions. •' Cycle Sundries' . -Anti Kepairst .. " ARCADE, BENDIGO. " . Í .Itir.rr.]. 