1o0so8by IhOgommon CIAPTER V; (Continued). liunt I had eycs nyiufOr the graceful, girlilshfiiurc in deD iuoumring a nnd, indeed, there wvasa'something, which I am quite unlabl to describe, whlich marked her out for distinction. Per hlips it was her unutalll. fairness ; perhaps it was the dainty grace of her bearing ; peCrhaps it was her very unconsciouslles ,e of these charms, which were combined with the sweet est face man ever looked. upon. 'A novel again, Miss Manniigtree,' I said mdt she closed the book as she raised her eyes. ' Shocking waste of time, is it notl. ?, shite answered, as she held out lier hanid. ' I always scold mysei f if Ir opeln a novel before luncheon. ., But I asn taking.., a tind-of tholiiday this morninlg. WhenrIt,am not taking a holidaiy, I have noitliung to, doa; only i do it differently : low is it that gou also are wastilig your;:timne, im ve you cured all your patients ?' 'I have just left on, I said glane ing toward tlhe Cblominade ' It is, only 12 o'clock, afidI lhaie an hour to spare. Would it be possible ·to p?e vail uIpon you o:come fok' a st?rIlooa the common ?' ~ '~ g 'I should like it,'sllo :answered, ??s ing ait once ;and :'favingthe Pantiles, we pttssed the tpiloom y whith I had left my, rng it tigain foi" 3.o'clodl?? ihea I com picte the round left': uiifn aishid :nbw, I led Dorn alongi the ifdgre rod. ; 4211ATER V'.I ' POllED~iIyoS. So you have iiot:bliden takiei:n aw fronn yo:r.ln: natigrdv:ei',lŽgaidst yo?u will,' I said withs? laug"s., l ' It was 'intezisely 'hotths monig and a "ve reac id th'' imdI ;n which .goes . bj the ali me.naih.o f ohifW Brighltbn; Lith e, shsi?edo , 'and put up 1her smishad : r . ' You Jave' t bt o iatev ene ofthe' fact, Dr. Everest? jIndeed I begin to' nope that· 1 am repri evle that ao bodly will 'go awa for i th present, at nil events.' ? , ,-?:?:.??" : . : ' I did :noftti hin fo a? o moent that Mrs. " anningtree 'would r'?.efuse to accede to your islies?e';I said~ ' She did refuise, ;very decedl .~j at first,"' was ' the'oreplyi;ihutb i' s equally decided.~ One must stnnd for liberty, jodu iti;s.w Somebddy ayss it is the only taisg worth Isghtssigf if or. Iu~tafter- all; 'I'ami'lst~il~e better :tha~n'a. slave. Who sholdds th. purse, liolds power. I: e hdare:o apfply to Mrs. lan-, ningtree for etel tpenny Ir l?euin. now. It is'hatefnl-detestahle., ?. ' Yet surely oin need feel iho sense of obli?atiii,;' rdli' d' The .mor?ey was :your father's:''Some persons would say it' ismoaldly yours: aow. By~; chianiig ing; ha intentsn ~toi go abroaId, Mrs. M=iiniingtriee has, atanya rate, :giren Pi"rf'io ofshbes desire to please you.' . .e . .. ayiog'asenad trimtle level of' the piod, we vstidridstill."4Th'isnpwas reflected dazzliiigly: by the glasu i houses on llroadwater Down, while the dark 'pine woods beyond appeired contristingly cool arid sombre. -The Eridge Ieoad wund iin aiid dout, white lb'etweedn.; thfields?l; in th~e inid die .distandeh "oi'aj':b r right, was ?ahhop garld]en ; a 'train .steamed'noisily into the station beloi'v oi the left. i. 'I am not blhifimAng rs.;'Manning? tree,' Dorafan'sw'reci.,'. Ivanm, merely conisieriting' 'i"yiowi7 lot.; Btlj: 'shid did niot give .way juite 'so: agreeabl' ,ius, osou think.. .She did what I hase never known lier {to do :before sj she lost her temper. AAs: a rule MIrs. Man ningtreo is self-possessiop personified. if she is angry, :shcigowslm ore cool. 'IlThis tiime she s'tosoled at me, hist, thoughl 1. was frightened, I would! not yield. She declared thdit she wasd go! inig, and that-I nmust acdomlpany her. This took place before Mr,. Lasdcelles, who looked as if hlie .wold willingl, compel me.' " 'i ?:,, " 8?id:,,t?? ,. Still,' I persisted, ':>thebest'ofss' lose our tempersnow ivand'thea anhd':it \'as only a stornli;inla ~itecup it is to' her credit that you have 'iev"eer ']ioyn Mrs. Manningtrii. to lose ?ias tdmei i 'At all events, ?ora codud,, :shle annouriced?: her altered4??decision this inosning. Sh'elled.meto lhr room after breaikofast, tsi?nI'ei-'I- fess slii spoke lindly ienoughnM. fi?fther lind left nme to her1'teae Shreiilded ies; she could' iinie'rforgettlinat she owed it to' him to ;waieih ;is my i-; tercsts ; lshe coiild .?neer~rlet these clash with her owv i. :Siicee I:did not wish it, I shouldnot .leave honioe at pi'sent; tie 'jkiiey?say;ias postpo0ed.' ' Thlat;' I hinted; 'wdwfs'all you dould desire.' . "' S?'3M. 'tanning ~ ol me she was going to London'tliid iibo ?ing,' Dora resumced, 'and ah soon as she stadrted, I took ai book arid :came :to::the 'rffi-' tiles. I could nf'otsgtly iin the, hoiUti ilone with Mlr. Iascelles. .:I only 'vislf I ned nlot rustun~n,.?,,...-.-.,';'.- , ' . , ''hit,' I said, 'y.n shllsot':: ' be hlbtis lutely alone witlh!his; :there :a the servants.'.: : . y"'?: , [ :7 . 'Tllere are nda' "sexrvalats."lsie asll swered, as we reiached'5, Eungershall Paril, 'ossly Mrs.lHutclitng-the vwe man who waes Itlhre.: when .'Cblonel lanningtsiree dise?.? ., ' 1 know there hviss only one. woman in time house -athiat tiime;,I. said; Sbut a housemaid ivistedk at table oni the day of the funeral.' ' That was Mrs. loutching's diuglh ter; somsetliUes sht 'domes to help her mother. IMrs. Mlainingtree gav6e her imourming, cspecially for your benefit, i suppose; she has not appeared in it since. M[rs: Malningtreo said it was not worth while 'to cngige fresh ser vants, as she intended going abroad. Now I should tlhink she will get some; it is' 'very inmcosifdrtalble ias it is.' 'P'erhaps,' I suggested, 'she has gone to Liondons for that purpose to-day.' ' DIr. Everest,' said Dora, stopping us we descended theo hill, ' why is it that there is never ,anybody but our sclves nI the house tt niglt ?' ' There is Mrs.' Iutchlings-----' I be gun. 'She goes away ,at nine o'clock mad conucs before' Irefikfast. The top loor of (hie house is deiserted. No one goes there biut Mr. Lpscelles. Is dare not go; I scarcely dare go to my own room at night.' I disliked the idea of Dora being alone in that house with Lascelles. Most of sis judge persons by their Iaces, anld jllst as i haid formed my opinion of )orn from the first glance at her;, so I sllmmed' up Lsscelles' charpcterTh0 pioinent. ? saw him in niy tbnsultiircg-rde i 6n tile ecgninF of the 2nd July, ' For how. -on has Mi's .' Manning tree gone ??' I asked. 'She promised to return to-night,' was the; answer. 'But suppose there should be an accident, that shel misses' the tr?ain;' siipoose'.she does not re turn! Mrs. HIutchings will go away at nine o'elock] I shall be alone in the hlouse wvith Ms. Lascelles. I cannot en dure that-I shall never be able to stay. Yet,' she aded pitifully, 'I have nowhere else to go.' Now Ihad not started out that morn ing-with the intention of telling Dora of my love. Indeed, I had no certainty that I should see her, and whilst I was convinced that years would not enable me to know her better than I did al ready. I did not wish to ruin' iy chance of success. by too great preci pitation. .llut when she uttered her last piteous. words, looking the .while so sorrowfully into my face, a aind impulse :s-sized. e . *. ' Dorn:,'" cried, ,drawing ciose to her," '?ome to nme: . :' .' : ,'Tlhe chaige in.her fdce' instantly.. wairned me iof mny nistalde ,Thisting me.implicitly,. she,had, laid barhe her heart to tihe:only frierid she possessed 4vithi ;nan?y miles.... - . .>. had lbowed ihyself 'to believe that her confidence betokenedi something inore i'maif 'iere.r :fribhhdshijbi It had taken advdiitge:'f otheri!tri-st.a.: i Ier, faced?lushed, her, shoulders w;ere throd'idele; hkehthea& .is held mbore erect As she'drew close to the iow : hedge whiclfspiited the road, she re;' garded• ms'.-with, deep, reproach. t' 'rW :r3rift' j bher lue dyes' seemed Ii' ordel i'tb?eonerate mysIelf:? felt bound to.continue omn 'mi, unfortunate :ourse. In :odeir to obtainher fo"rgive ness,v.must convmce. her, at least, of .fim . e i tn..... ss. . , ' . " I fear I hav beenovel ibold I be gan -butishe impetuously utenruplted me. - 7I oi do iotuinuderstand ,3on, Di.r>rie rest. I am.afraid I-I.halae misunder stood you all along.' (;IDonlt shy thiit,'11:urg'dd ha.! ',Let me myLimi eanilg clear:''Dora, I -' Whom--yonr- hcave' not 'seen :half .a *d5z& timAe's, ndorfdf tsi'liodrs alto gether,' she cried contemptnuouslj. : 'It is true, A nevertheless,' I con tinued...?It.was:, true wlhen Ihliad seen you;odly bnc?-i4t'will be trti if I see you.,a thousand:times. From the firsi moinefit ' loodled oii "y'om~ixhfac&\--tsat day?? wh;qn youc entered ithe room e pealing to sea yopr father-t loved you. I 'recogmiise my m'istalke; you do not return miylove. I ouight to harve wvaitcd fbt'hiajir da3ys before speak ing of it, 't3eit. was onil3 your unhappi ness. wehich: forced: my hand. :My mother lives in :loiidon ; I woiild have taken you. to: her, now, to-day. .ou Ev~udb el'nied's a agtruni .&ou; could biiii'g ourself to becbme, ' Slit 't?tred i~stfully beforelher a few moments, and E knew she dared not trst::hers?elff to speakg " ;'! 'm . ,'If I spoke hlaistilr, forgie me, Dr Everest,'. shi?'alterd padresentiy , tienee,'. I-uirgd.' Dora, is i" t not oS sible to do~ as.I: ask you" ?' ?; s 'No, no;' sh driedT;iiising her lads imploringly, 'I- cannot do that. Ii aprj ireciate' yoUro.kiidfii?ss--jfeh kidntliess whiehprompts so gieat a sacrifice. I cannot ,thilik of iianytlifihg of hiiy own lihappiness k-of aniih?gtim-" untit l decide as to m;. fut-ure'."', ,:That.is what ? I~k ou;o:'-do, :to dede,ybur 'futurie: by ..constenting to miarry m6.'.I.i.i not a .reli fiait :'but teitherl am.I 'hntirely: dependent uipon my practide. Letit. go ; we ?vill:liave thit place,;iarid.your happiness shall.b'e myi first. consideration'as' long' as I PI iease d. not sady. any: more,' she murmured Wh you aslk canniii be.5 Yo mustseel how imoassible its I ~ilnever im olveanothri amy own i"Ihave never.daietospek even to you, towvhom.I have .to~ld somuch, of what is on: my mind. I cannot:he ecount for'.the feeling.; butit itis terribly 'real. Sometimes I ~thiiLk .that sucli:an' all-: per ading conviction:is inbreetruly irm: poi tait than?i'afny amoun~it 'of reasoning. Dr. Evdicefst I know that there is some awfutl doom'hatiging oveT nid.' Wha'timakies yl think so I asked as coolly tas I could. ;. ' I do not know, it may be the ?very? aitmosiph :I briiethe.' Ii cannot shalce obff the feeling Do vwhat I will, go where I will, there! is always hanging over me- this. :sense iof . iinpending doom.' A moment's ool cnsideratio will show you hov' irrational, are', yoi?n fears; Iurgd.,- .":.'. "It-is 'uo~t o"Inehich a ear "as a fore botding,. Dr. Everest.,Oh II know. you ainn6t realis??the :triutli of it. I lmow it must appear as the result of myrown moi'bid faney. But,', she added solemn ly, ' you will see. You will see what fate is: in .store for me, and that I shill have iino power to resist it.' I avelyou ever, when listening to a ghost stoi3, been impelled to glance over your shoulder to make sure that liothing gruesome was there? You do not believe in ghosts, perhaps. But that does not matter. You are.sur rounded, as it were, by the atmos phere of .the story; its narrator has entrapped your reason, his fiction en compasses you round about, and, like the lady in Mrs. Crowe's 'Night Side of Nature,' if you do not believe in ghosts, you 'feel very decidedly that you would not like to see one. Now, I was sure that Dora's fore boding had no foundation. I did not share her fear for an instant, yet, lis tening to her expression of it, wit nessing her strong conviction, I did become, for the moment, afraid of what might be in store for her. 'And, knowing that, in certain cases, it is as dificult to arrive at all the facts which lead to a conclusion as it is to obtain a full statement of a spendthrift's debts, I doubted not that she must hlave some ]kinld of evidence in reserve, which appeared to support her sus picions. 'No power to resist what ?'. I asked, refraiining from treating the affair too seriously. ' Don't ask me,' she answered. 'Don't ask me to speak about it any more. Let me treat this morning os ' holi day.' ' s „ .' I av, t ticcssuflit one, I am afraid.' 'I began by trying it be cheerful,' she continued, as we turned and re ascended the hill, `with :fields on our left and houses on our right. -'But it is always the same now. I always hark back t'l the one topiob; Tscarcely think of any other.' 'Just 'tell 'me this,' *I said. 'This sense of dread has oppressed you for some. time. Tell me what led you to give -it tongue this'morning.? Has it anything to do with Mrs. Manning tree's absence ' - 'Every circumstance of my life in tensities it,' she answered. 'The only special :reason I can .give will seem childish and. insufficient.. You know that no one comes to The Friars. When people caled at first-before I, went to Norfolk-Mrs. , Manningtree was alwaysiiot at home and she never re turned their visits. lir. Lascelles had a visitor.yesterday. I wa.s in the draw ing-room when rs.' Hutchings brought him in withouit warning. He was a well-dressed man, looking like a well-to-do farmer.: ..his .name was Cartwright. He wnalked up to Mr. Las celles and addressed liiina'is Mr. Ro berts..'Tlhen'Mrs. -Mannirigt'ree turriel pale aindled me immediately from the; room.' c.." ..'. ,::; "; ? " ' There, appears, nothing alarming thus far,' I hinted. '"I'.Iknew you would think so. I cmi nbt point- out all the-little-, details whih create suspicion. Mr. Lasoelles to ok, great.p nhs,'-hvlen Mr i.Cýitwrght had gone, to eplaih that lie had 'come to tlhewrong house. But I cannot help llnlkdng that'it' was 'thifi visit which led fMrs. Man'riingtree to change her ih'tentions abod t goi'g i'arbad, and to leave;Tunbridge Wells so suddenly to ' Is, tihat:no rathherungenerous ?' I asked. ' How can there be anything ;suspiciodis in- the visit of a harmless person such as.'you describe. One thing I gather, by the way, however : your sesee of'forebbdifilis' connected with. Lascelles. ' ' 'i donneet Mr. Lascelles with all that is unhappy.' ii' iiy" life; Dr. Everest. Yet'I have to go homoe-home !I have no home-to. go', back? 6t him ; to sit 'facing :hin at luncheon., to remain al0ne with" lhim "i,-'' " ",'':J :' ,:;, .; , :-"-':'At least' you, are' not; without, an alternative,' I suggested. ' Give up: all idea of returning to'ThiePriars. Come withl me now, and before night you shall bewitlh my eople i iLondon.' "It needed Iut' this repetition of my proposal to nerve her to return to the Friars at once . r.;.. '7 i 'No, no r I Ib?ae told you it is im possible,' shie cried. 'Good-bye, .Mr. Everest. I amii'iotf likely-to forget you \--your. k iidr ns'ss--even' if,' we never meet again.' ' ;'- '. ,*'- :,* ' ! iTi persons' can'.hard y live in T ikbri dgWe'ls withiout imeeting. oc cusionaitl I.'' I answecd, with an at tempt at. cheerfulness.^' -^ 'We shalllsee' sl saidand as(my hand held her o6nshe pressed it) de *cidedly , .^-:.'" .;"..,?'.;v. q," . ,' \- stood gazing. .aftir her "as she walked across the: common, talkiig a direct liheto 't he "laie i lich led to Theo,riars, ove rthe jyoung 'furze and 'bracken. It may' hliaive been owing to .her desire to preserve a brave exterior, lest I "shliould follo and' importune her further, but I noticed that her step was lligt; and free, while the supple body, 'tlhewell-poised head; seemed to indicate perfect physical health and strength, strobigly in contrast with my 'diagnosis 'of lier ':mental condi tion. '" , '- " ^," '-', 1;': I- ii:*: ". '-. * ?." ,: - o , •DONL O ';:.NALSON ' :.Knowing--no rest intil I made sure of Mrs.' Mainingtree's return,' t left, my house in.the London-road a little' Before niine''clocklth'atf eveiing and strolled: totwards,'Tlie Friars. 'Puncntu-. ally,.to the minuteI.. Mrs. , Hutchings .cme, along ;the .ane with a bag bulg ing beneath her shawl, and I. kniew that. Dorae -as -alone in. the desolate house" vitli.'s scelles. 'Without think ing that she had any actual cause for alarm; I could 'imigine her feelings, and, in-truth, my own were not fa vourably disposed towards him. '.Turning from the lane to the com mon, a little -before ten o'clock, I heard the sointd of wheels; a car riage passed mie driving in the direc tidn whence 'I had' come. I retraced my 'steps, and 'saw Mrs. Mannngtree alight at The Friars. She was closely veiled ; but as the-moonlight fell upon hedr, it was impossible to be mistaken. Yet she had assuredly not come from either of the stations, nor,' unless she had subsequently indulged in a coun try 'drive, from London. Reassured, however, by her return, I walked home contentedly, and, smnok ing a pipe alone afterwards, triedd to persuade myself that. Dora's fears would soon forsake her." 'Then I ehsti mated my own chances of success in the enterprise which was .the most im portant of my life, andri ii this repeect also, retired to bed not. edtirely hope less. ' . Two days later-on Thursday, the 5th .of August-I itasi; walking ; the afternoon round, when,' meeting the carriage of Dr.;Smithi one of the most popular practitioners in the town, I was surprised to recognise the face of an old Bart.'s man. Lying back in tile victoria, with one arm extended along its lowered hood,- Donaldson ap peared .monarch of, at least, all he surveyed : a fair, curly-haired hand some fellow, with the faintest trace of whiskers and no sign of a moustache, Iis youthful appearance might have been greatly in his disfavour if it had inot 'been compensated for by an air of patronising importance. Though he was my junior, I never felt so young as when in his presence. 'Donaldson ! Donaldson I' I shout ed ; and, turning his head slowly, .he stared round with lifted eyebrowsvsas if to inquire whoson earth dared to take so great a liberty. Recognising me, however, lie smiled graciously, and, telling the coachman to stop, waited until the carriage was properly drawn up by the kerb before alight ing. ' Why, Everest, my dear fello !''ie cried, offering.his hand in his over whelming way as lie looked down from his' greater height. He stood six feet two inches in his boots. 'What are you doing here ?' *' (To be' continued.)' ,1'.i;, 