? At the conclusion of the funeral service the precession was formed, the Garrison Band heading tbe hearse and playing the Dead March " in “ Saul/' Bnch was the length of the procession, which consisted of 89 carriages, th at il was deemed advisable to shorten it by lining the vehicles two and two. Some of tbe horses were a little fractious, and it was not until old S t David’s burial ground hod been passed th a t any regular order could be observed. Along Davey street the crowd of sightseers so blocked the footway that pedestrian traffic was impossible. Wheeling into Hatrington Street, and all along tbe deviation right down to the town boundary dense mosses of people were pocked along each side of the road. Every window and every coign of vantage along the line of route were occupied by people anxious to see a worthy, gifted, and upright mas go forth to his lart rest. After leaving the boundary tbose wbo had acted on spectators joined in the procession, which reached from alittie beyond the old toll gate to the Cemetery gate. Only H is Excellency’s carriage and those in which the chief moarners were seated, and those containing tbe members of the Ministry, were allowed to enter the gates. Gentlemen in the other carriages formed in procession, and walked to tee coffin was plaoed on the trestles, Hism Excellency taking a position at the head; and the chief mourners oooupied positions on each ride. . * On arrival at the grave tbe service was inducted by Bishop Montgomery and (’ Rev. 8. Bucknell. The following hymn was sang. A few snore years shall roll, A few more seasons come. And we thiil] be with them te a t rest Asleep within th e Tomb t Then, O my Lord, prepare My eoal for th a t great;dav, 0 wash me in Thy precious blood And take my sins away. A few more ouns shall set O’er these dark bills of Time, And we ehaii be where suns are not, A far oerener clime. Then, 0 my Lord, prepare My soul for th a t bright day; 0 wash me in Tby preoious blood, And take my bids away. A few more storms shall beat On this wild rooky shore, And we te a 11 be w hen tempests cease, And surges swell no mere. Then, O my Lord, prepare My soul for th a t cum day j O wash me in Thy precious Blood, And take my sins away. A few more atroggles here, A few more partings o’er. A few more toils, a few more tears. And we shall weep no more; . Then, 0 my Lord, prepare My soul for th a t bust day | O wash me in Tby precious Blood, And take my elne away, *Tis b nt a little while And He shall come again Who died that we might live, Who lives That we with Him may reign ; Then, O my Lord, prepare I [ My eoul for ivt th w»» a t a‘«* day • 0 , wash me in Tby preoious blood And take my eine away—Amen. .The Rev. S. Booksell reoited tee follow-lf jpg sentences. ^ rM anteafc is born of a woman baa b a t ihort tinie to live, u id is fall of misery, So comete up, and ia cut down, like « fiower: he fleeth as it were a shadow, and . uevar oontinueth in one stay. In the m idst of life we are in death : of whom m ay we eeek for succour, b a t of Thee, O Lord, who for our sins a rt justly d T rt!o 6 I ^ ra Q *i moil hoi,. 0 Lord 0,0.1 mighty, O holy and most merciful m tiQ t° tb6bitU,rP*U“ .ZhotLknoweet, Lord, the secrete of our eart*; aorta; sh u t not to y merciful eare to onr nearer cover i 1 b u t spore us. Lord most holy, G £Sod 3 n w t mighty, O holy n d meNifal Saviour, thou most worthy Judge eternal ^ suffer us not, ofcour lost hour, for any pains ' of death, to fall from thee. £ The coffin was then lowered into the grave end the earth woe oast upon it, Bishop Montgomery eaid l— Forasmuch as it hath pleased Almighty od of His great mercy to take unto Himself the body of our dearbrother beredepertad, we therefore commit his body to the ground earth to earib, ashes to ashes, dlist to dnat; In sure and _,.... certain hope of a Resurrection ---------------- to eternal life, ... through -. . our Lord - ’ Jesufi - CbrIstt who shall change our vile body, h a U t m aj lika^nnte His glorious body; efiootding to the mighty working, whereby He is able to eubdue all things to Himself. •- '' ____________________ m e, Write, From henceforth blessed. the dead which die in the Lord j even eiith tee S pirit; for they rest from their labora. abora. Lord have mercy npon Christ have mercy upon u s ; Lord have mercy upon us. Our Father which a rt in heaved, Hal* lowed be Thy Name, Thy kingdom coibej Thy will bo done on earth, As it is done io heaven. Give us this day our daily bread, And forgive us our trespasses, As we fori give them teat trespass against us, And lead us not into temptation, But deliver from evil.—Amen. Almighty God, with whom do live ths spirits of them that depart hence in the Lord, abd with whom the souls of the faithful, after they are delivered from the burden of the flesh are in joy and felicity. We give Thee hearty thanks, io r that it b&tb; pleased Thee to deliver this our brother out of the miseries of this sinful world; beseeching Thee, that it may please Thee, of Thy gracious goodness, shortly to accomplish the number of Thine elect, and fcojhasten Thy kingdom ; th at we, with all that are departed in the true faith of Thy Holy Name, may have onr perfect consummation {and bliss, both in body and soul, in Thy eternal and everlasting glory, through Jesus Chriet'our Lord.—Amen. 0 merciful God, the Father of Our Lord Jesus Christ, who is the resurrection and the life; in whom whosoever believetb ihall live, though he die, and whosoever LiVeth and believeth in Him shall not dh eternally i who also bath taught us by bis holy apoitle, Saint Paul, hot to be softy, os men WitboUt hope, fot them th at sleep ih Hith; We meekly beseech Thee, 0 Father, to raise us from the death of sih into the life of righteousness, that when we shall depart this life, we may rest in Him, as oui hope is this ear brother doth i and that a t the general resurrection in the lost day, we may be fottnd acceptable in Tby..Bight}, .and reoeive that blessing, which Tby well-beloved Son shall then pronounce to all that love and fear Thee, saying, Come, ye bleued children of My Father, receive the Kingdom prepared fot you from the beginning of the world. Grant this, we beseech Thee, 0 Most Merciful Father, through Jesu* Christ, our Mediator and Redeemer.— Imen. The Bishop then pronounced the Bene diction. The grace of onr Lord Je6os Christ, and the love of God, and the fellowship of the Holy Gohst, be with us .all evermore.— Amen. The following bymn was song and the mourner’s dispersed:— Through all the changing scenes of life, In trouble and in joy. The praises of my God shall still My heart aud tongue employ. 0 magnify the Lord with me, With me exalt Hie Name; When in distress to him I called. He to my rescue came. The work of God encamp around The dwellings of tbe ju s t; Deliverance He affords to all Who on His succor trust. 0 make but trial of His love, Experience will decide How blessed are they, and only they, Who in His trust confide, hear Him ye sainto and you will then Have nothing else to fe a r; Make you His service your delight, Your wants shall be His care To Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, The God whom we adote, Be glory, as it was, is now. And shall bo evermore;—Amen 