TO TUB EDITOR. Sir, — Tho Sydney public, now being treated to an oxposltion of Shakespeare's sublime tragedy of "Hamlet" by Mr. Wilson Barrett, it may be In teresting to your readers to recall by way of re ininLccnco tbo first production of tho play in Sydney at the old Theatro Royal upon August lo, 1834. The "Sydney Gazotto" thus treats of the per- formauce: — "Shakespeare's tragedy of 'Hamlet' was produced for the first time at the Sydney Theatre oil tho evening of Monday last- We will not call the attempt a failure, because al though tho performance was very inferior to that of 'Othello,' we would as far as possible endeavor to encourage the production of really intellectual dramatic pieces. If tlio plays of Shakespeare wero to bo characterised, each by the particular excellence which distinguished it from the rest, wo must allow to the tragedy of 'Hamlet' the praise of variety. The incidents, says ono of tho author's commentators, are so numerous that the argument of the play would mako a long tale. Tho scenes are interchangeably diversified with merriment and solemnity; with merriment that in cludes judicious and instructive observations and solemnity not stained by poetical violence about tbo natural sentiment of man. The conduct of tho play, however, is not wholly free from ob jection. Hamlet is through the piece rather an instrument than an agent. After ho has by the strategem of tho play convicted the King, ho makes no attempt to punish him, and bis death is at last effected by an iucident which Hamlet bad no part in producing. The apparition left the rea'ms of the dead to little purpose; the revenge which ho demands is not obtained; but by the death of him that was required to take it, and the gratification that would arise from the destruc tion of an usurper and a murderer is abated by the untimely death of Ophelia, the young, the beau tiful, tbo harmless, and tlie pious. Of tho per formance on Monday evening, wo do not wish to say much; but tho actors ought, at all events, to mako themselves acquainted with the meaning of what is 'set down for them.' The most barbarous butchery was frequently perpetrated upon the text, and as this is an evil that may be averted by a little attention, its commission is more in excusable. Knowles looked the part of Hamlet very well, but ho wants that quiet solemnity of manner which ought to distinguish it. Still, all things considered, it was a respectable perform ance, and we' have no doubt will improve upon repetition. Simmons played Horatio, and in ono or two of the impassioned scenes played it very creditably. Ophelia is altogether out of Miss Jones lino; her mad scenes wero highly ludicr ous, and she song snatches of songs to somo nondescript tunes, which rendered the whole thing one of tho most farcical wo ever behold. Mrs. Taylor ought to have performed Ophelia; but tho stage managor, it seems, cast her tho part of tho Queen (!), which by the right ought to have been allotted to Mrs. Meredith. Meredith appeared in two characters — the Ghost and tho First Grave- digger; the later was very well sustained, but much objection exists to this doubling of parts. It altogether destroys the illusion of tlie scene, for wo defy anyone present to forget that tho facetious gravedigger bad just beforo been masquerading in a suit of armor as a ghost. Tlie other charac ters requlro no notice. Tho proprietors of the theatro aro entitled to credit, and dosorve en couragement for introducing Shakespearo to an Australian audience; but it will be in vain for them to persist if tho performers do not, by dili gent study, render it unnecessary to intro duce nonsense of their own conceiving iu place of the language of tho author. Tlie musical farco of 'The Waterman,' which concluded tho evening's entertainment., was very fairly played through- out." — Yours, etc., ROBERT HARRIS. 