A Motherly Old Soul. A correspondent of the "Pall Mall Gazette" describes an old nurse of his acquaintance who lives in the county of Middlesex. He writes: Her speech is not without certain rules to guide lt. Sometimes a word is compounded o£ two words. "You must buffle it off," she says, when you are nervously depressed, and you re alise that the word is compounded of "baffle" and "buffet." Of such "bandbox words" ehe has many. Then when she tells you that "two ragged little muffins" have just come to yout^ door, you - wonder languidly for a while what there is of unfamiliar in the description, and remembering slowly you find "ragamuffin" by far less picturesque. Then the strange word often represents ab idea. A gown with "a water-back" seems somehow a more comprehensible thing to plain Britons than that artificial importation, "Wat teau-back." Again, when she tells you of a patient who had once been afflicted with "the Viper's dance," you wonder why St. Vitus should ever have come into the matter. "Soozie" for "soothe" is another expressive rendering. When she says to a fretful baby, "Come over here till I soozie you" the invitation seems fraught vMth quiet sleep. Another expressive band-box word is "fan aticks." "The doctors were in fanaticks," she says, and you know the word is compounded of "frenetic," "frantic," "antic." Her terminations are curious. She makes the plural of words ending in "t" by adding "es," which has a Chaucerian suggestion-"Ghostes," "postes," mastes," and so on. A word ending in double "s" she makes singular sometimes by double "e," as for example "abscee" for a single abscess; abscees for more than one. Another elaboration is the addition of "ifled" to her adjectives. A soap is too "scentifled," the butter is "ranklfled," that ls to say "rancid," the day is "deadifled." Mist with her becomes "misk," and when she looks out of window, and tells you that the morning is "gloomifled," ana adds as an afterthought "miskified," you may be pardoned for feeling a little "miskified" your self. 