DOING THE BOGONG HIGH PLAINS. by s. j. j (Specially written for " The Ovens and Murray Advertiser advertiser. “) for the world und worldings base of Africa and golden joys. SHAKESPEARE When "Ancient Pistol" dwelt with such ecstasy on the glories of a continent he h ut never seen, his utterance was ap- patently an example of an incapable nature trying to put into language what u'a- jjr.-dniiiiaant in !iis soul and minds Vl. . f, ,i- iie iiad ridden post haste with p;e (in him) welcome tidings, " Le roi est m at," from the Court to .Shallow's liouse in uloue.'stei'sliii'e, 'Hid considering the travelled, it may lie circumstanti- a-Minic ! iiiat iie !iad witnessed during hi! j.tuney Aurora'.-; delicate pencilling, ,.;-iiii-' be tite lingering twilight falling ,.v,r a .-aiding atul romantic landscape ; ! s,i riie poetic feeling was strong within liiar i he traveller, wiiose love of adventure .m, J anpreci ation of the vast .and beautiful |irnupis bint 10 journey to the IJogong Plain-, will find that anylhing like an aih-iiuate description "f what one sees nii i ieeb i" 'I'tite impossible ; tor to con V,v t those who have not seen for theni- any i'i : 1 of the romantic, beautiful and .-eeiiiingiy panoramic views which eivrand aii' >11 appear before the wondor- ng ,-,-e the t raveller, it; would require iiiiimnamble canvasses and the combined an, c-'tiMumnalu skill of the old masters. Tin- unity is romantic from the heavily timbered mountain bases to the Iniivii. and hero and there moss grown sin:!,;;!- "f Hoginig, Cope and Fainter, a:,. I affords alike at each new turn subject liia'ter for the artist and itinerant photo- i hil-i t ie holiday seekers of the Vic- t ni tii !iia;idi >li- and even the provinces |i:v;t'i- the oftimes murky and swcltry , in- -! 1 : lt-ri" or a seasiile resort, many of tli-.-ir iiiciluvn in the sister colony are tvtv!!iug iii ihe cool recess of some tnoun- t .in cave or imbibing the more consistent .in I health giving zephyrs of Lhe Blue. Mountains. I'his to a great extent is ,i".riliittable to the railway ramifications and a-c of the iron horse in mountainous cita'.ry and the consequent facilities of- kit- 1 By lite New- ."South Wales Govern ment to tourists. Compared with this 2" ahead policy the Victorian (would-be) t-uiri-: -iands out as a martyr, condemned fi-iiia year to year to defer his hopes ; v.-ii h mi other balm to an already gaping w-'iiirl than Parliamentary wrangles 011 tiie moms and demerits of light and heavy railway lines. It is said the average Britisher takes hi-; iilr-i-nre somewh it sadly ; and herein, tin iii ui 1 it . lies the fact that I10 must be run uit i.-.-il a maximum of pleasure with a minimum of physical exertion, and asks for nothing more than that he should be \- d i.vn at each resort, or place of interest -.vidioiii any great or inconvenience to him- th in 01:, -ulliiig a " Bradshaw" or mixi-'.ng a menu card. To the more c-mrg.'tic and philosophical holiday seek ing n uiiad. who is not -afraid to barter a day"- exiu-iion for a week's pleasure, and ivli -v a;ijii-iire is not in any way impaired by tV.e fact thai he must appear, at dinner .vit'-.o-.tt liis dress suit-, and as time goes on , (iT'.'u.Uy uvuiiis his collar also, aj joaiit-.y t-i tie Hogong High Plains will j k' f< 'lad m he one of the cheapest, most1 I'.v/'ii/.irruig and charming expeditions to !o arteitgcd in the whole Australian con- ei.uoi;.-. <_bi a morning in the early part of the ye at isrtS, and many hours before Old te'ol i::\'\ spread his ironical smile over the inrdi-.'d and burning landscape, several .-1:1 ill i u ties from .Mel bourne, Kyahr.am, Vwkaii.l.aiidah, IJarnawartha and Oitn- (ti'.viii'g wore wending their respective ways to an appointed rendezvous near '-it. Bngnllg. The combined party reached Mr. Black's ii-.qiit-ible homestead at Tawanga on the Mine atternooii, where a brief halt was nude and refreshments partaken of, our vaiid ho-t' perpetrating a generous joke "a his unsophisticated visitors By replen ishing their glasses with an unsuspected and seemingly innocent beverage yclept luc-id. A fresh start was shortly afterwards lilidc 011 the final stretch of our first day's 3"'ini..y. and what is locally known as 'T!u- l-Iand," but which is geographically the junction of the right and left hand hrauclii-s of lite iviewa River, was reached at s'lirloivii, the horses having covered the het fmv miles at a considerably accelerate ! t:ic-.'. due no doubt to the short rest given thvai and imt in any way to the virtues in tile mead. .- 1 1 r h < . 1 1 > 1 1 exiiio'ii-nced horsemen stj-- sl spur i' ilia he id is worth twa i' tin heels. I'hrough the instrumentality of one of vur unifies (who had preceded lis) a much tt.v lee. ami inviting repast was soon ready f-r attack. .Supper over, the roll-call slewed tiie party to consist of three lt'lies and nine , if ilm so called sterner spoiaes. and in deference to the wishes of the former a tent was pitched for their accommodation, the pack saddle straps ' tking I lie place of a ridge' pole. The rest of the parly, bubbling over with that buoyant and romantic feeling which enters ill!" ones being whenever it throws off for a brief space the shackles oi official or every day life, preferred to bivouac, and vevc soon rolled up each in his blanket, addles for pillows. For — earan-s en oinre upon flint d hd-t dm! -loth finds a.uowii pillow hard..' by the -ame law — that the expectation a pleasure to come is oftimes productive 1111 '"e blissful and intense feeling than pie rcahsation 'tsolf, so without any ebb this philosophy, it can hardly he jniiat.-ivd at if our first night by the camp "v give I., ,-omc of us the most exquisite mur during our quest for .adventure and "-eiier afterwards to be deeply set in re- 'mmi'itaiice. A lug an exultant feeling of freedom, I F'oqiect of what to-morrow might _ng-tued, gvzing into the blue vault ' "ne, wa'.cliing the stars ill their unerring 'ut-e moving silcntii' through space: ulC r 1 0 A i > -"it.ss ot ;i suininer .s evening only j" wn at intervals by the fitful crackling ' 'fie camp-fire, or the plover piping a me o. complaint at so rude a disturbance its sl.imlH;rs, or the love-lorn curlew "'Mug to its mate,— and tlien a hush, and " 1 it thoughts fresh and tranquil, such ;.s l'!"lc to us iii the golden springtide of tli" ! ilU- ere tasted any of -. -liiegsoi'niaturer years — thoughts which t" ueloug only to a quiet country v, md leave us when wo mingle in the birolibiiig and humming of the in- a resto1 lnM compaiuonsare lost "sublime immensity." The, n u"der- graiiuates and young collegian 1««7, with all life before them, of ne." ' b'''-a"''ng, perchance, lt ,k . ' '""'O'l'cd, or more probably books and long vacations, in Mil,!' ' b'ss"o 'be emu, carry to the in 11- lm,d,?i""s bags of game, or- figure y'.Ub' other impossible adventures. 1 ' ' ycloclc a.m. we were awakened Uis guides reminding us that the dawn mi 1 ' & ;in(' borses had to be caught- "m- t 1 b'la'c-sad.llc!i filled. Here the ot the s-'ild dog was borne by the wind thcld US' an"' ''be defiant quacking of tlrake as a number of wild duck passed over the camp was . exultantly observed and set down as a good omen by the sporting members of our gay cavalcade ; and with expectation running high, the 1 camp was soon all life and activity. The morning's ablutions were performed with much buoyancy of spirit in the cold, clear wateis of the Kiewa River. Horses werel then rounded1 up, caught and saddled. Tents, blankets, cooking utensils and provisions were next securely fastened to the pack-saddles, and, with the " hungry edge of appetite" completely dulled for cue nonce— tnrougn tne medium of Iamb chops, tomatoes and home-made bread', assisted 011 their course bv libations of billy-tea— the ascent, of Mount Fainter was begun. , It would take too much space to detail the whole of the accessories, requisites) &c.;, necessary for such an expedition ; but (amongst, other things) the ladies, if wise, will take with them lanoline and Parramatta limejuioe for the complexion, and the gentlemen Scotch or Irish lime- juice for the same purpose. In the case of the gentler sex, unless lanoline is used the nose will daily assume a compromising and more rosy hue— a very serious matter to them if single. The male biped, 011 the other hand, need have 110 perplexing fears 011 this score, for the lurid uess of color with which his proboscis will some times become tinted, whether in the low- lands or in higher altitudes, has ever been the pride of the healthy aristocrat and the envy of his poorer brethren. Thanks to the progressive policy of the present Minister of Mines, the old route to Mount Fainter, with the exception of one section, has been converted into a very fair sideling bush track, over which our p.aclc horses made excellent time, and travelled with apparent ease. The road is wide enough in most places to admit of two horsemen riding abreast, and this privilege was fully appreciated by the younger cavaliers of our party, who, with the fair ones, jogged merrily along — some times to the rhythmic beat of a song, or, more often, to the untimely clatter of the pans and billies carried by one of the pack horses, a very precocious animal on whom we bestowed the classical cognomen of " Swaggy," and who seemed to enter into the spirit and purport of our expedition in marked contrast to his more forlorn brother beast of burden. After a pleasant ride of some four hours' duration a halt was made in an exquisite i glade — with a greensward of sweet clover and grass of luxuriant growth, shaded by monster mountain ash trees— known as the " Springs," so called, from the small clear .stream of muse-inspiring sweetness aud.7.eo.)lness which trickles- down the mountainside. Here the guides warned us not to imbibe too freely lest colic symp toms should follow ; but the jovial aiid much travelled squire of our party recom mended its dilution with a modicum of Mitchell's Irish " lemonade," an infallible remedy for many ill-, and a sure antidote against" the wiles and allurements of the genius of colic, though even attired in the seductive habiliments of virgiu coldness and purify. 'The journey again commenced and we passed mi, leaving behind us the vegeta tion of the lower slopes of mountain ash, peppermint and wild hop scrub. Ac each forward step the view became clearer and more vast, new worlds of sunlight and shade and color ever appearing. Hero, near at hand, the effect of the sno.v is plainly visible. Nearly all the stunted gums which had reached maturity .are dead, the trunks and branches being bleached to a bone-like whiteness, until they stand out in bold relief in the evening sunlight as skeletons that (in dumb show) seem to " wink aside" at the portending fate of 1 heir younger and healthy looking progeny, which must, someday, arrive at thai: matnrcr age, when the shallowness of the soil will be insufficient to give them the sustenance necessary to combat the nipping frosts and snows of the winters to come, and these too will succumb, adding other bleached .and grim forms to the landscape. Still another stage and the only vegeta tion we passed through was the mountain gorse intermixed with various colored miniature llowers, snow daisies and ever lastings, a clearly defined line of demarka- tion being plainly discernible between the snow gums and the higher mountain slopes. As an example in gallantry or coquetry (<>r whatever you wish) to the younger members of the party, the squire dis mounted in order to present to each of our fair friends a flower of never fading and golden hue, ar.d truly an " ever lasting" memento of a never-to-be for gotten excursion. A few seconds later and one spontaneous outburst of cheering echoed from glen to glen ; for there before ns, in stupendous grandeur, was Mount Fainter : and alone its western slone the sideling track known as the " Blowliard," leading direct to the summit. This we found to be 110 misnomer, for the track has a gradient of approximately one in three for a distance of several hundred yards, and it is strewn throughout with huge boulders ; a significant indication that the introduction of track mainten ance contracts would be a still greater credit to the Mines Department and a boon to the prospector and tourist alike. At the instigation of the guides, and partly because the stdT breeze and rough ness of the track willed it so, we disr mounted ; and, with caps tightly fastened on to prevent, the possibility of what the Duke in " Huckleberry Finn" would term " premature balditude," plodded slowly on, the saddle horses being driven before us, and superseded by "Swaggy's" sobetsidetl brother -to regulate the pace. a sharp lookout was kept for shoes cast by our equine friends, for there were rocky, defiles still to be encountered ; and any horse other than a " »Yarrig;il" being minus a shoe in such country might as well be without a fourth leg. A few more efforts, a few more . stumbles, and we gained tlie summit of Mt. Fainter, each 011c of us feeling more than in sympathy with the new environment. of undulating green pastures and myriads of clear and well defined brooklets. To the north. bathed in roseate evening atmosphere tint's of a higher altitude, that stupendous entity, Mt. Bogong, was. seen, wiLli Cope and Featliertop to the south— a scene which caused us to pause and wonder ; for the glories of each were as distinct as their moods' seemed severally majestic. . One of the guides (like a good master) ever thoughtful for the comfort of his beast, suggested that camp be pitched 011 the Fainter, as one pack horse was hardly likely to last out the rest of the journey, it bein" our intention, to reach a. hut —partly built a few years ago by- Mr.' ,J. Black, one of the guides — situated as the .-row llies about midway between Mt. Fainter and Glen Wills. .A solution ot tins apparent difficulty was soon -arrived at : the guide's: dog. being told oft to "heel" the lagging pack : horse; .after, which operation, if the said Pegasus did not send both his . heels at least a yard hi'h the verdict was to, go forth "done' ,,p " . The first test- was the only one re quired either, by the horse or o'urselycs, or simultaneously with the ".heeling application a pair of hind shoes— each at the same level— wore seen . to gleam meteor-like in inid-air,r much to the con- !cel-n of the guides and imminent risk ot 'dislodging the pack-saddles. ! Frofn -Mt. Fainter we followed t ie Government track towards Glen Wills, which is 'indicated -by snow poles placed at convenient intervals along the entire route, the country throughout being of emerald greenness, fertile in the super lative dcgree. and watered by innumerable merrily flowing tributaries of the 'Kiewa river. We were theiij nearly 0000 feet above Hobson's Bay, and' had passed several alluvial claims situated outside the auriferous area, ' some of which are being worked to-day, yielding it is said £1 per; day per .man .for a period of five or six months during, the year. Payable gold has also been discovered at the .foot of 'Bit. Bogong, and' along its higher slopes are to he found huge outcrops of apparently. "'buck" quartz, a fair indica tion that with assiduous prospecting many an unseen treasure, is to be found, for there is seldom so much smoke without some fire, arid besides, many experienced miners tire of the opinion that from Oineb and Glen Wills to Harrietville and Free- burgh is one wide belt . of auriferous country. So far some 100,000 acres of good grazing land situated between Mts. Bogong, Cope and Fainter remain as .part of the meagre portion of the country's unsold heritage, and is partly let and partly open under the 119th section of the Land Act. The State deparrmeiit,. in their far seeing wisdom, have 'willed that the yel- lo.v or auriferous area' shall, cease some two miles west of Mt. Fainter, so that miners likely to be interested in that locality it alive to their own welfare will see that something is done to have the area colored yellow considerably ex tended ; for, given a change of govern ment, the evolution from .a " license to graze" to granting the right to attain the fee simple may be again (as it has been in the past) surprisingly rapid. The journey from. the Fainter to " Wal lace's hut" lies through over changing country ; now rocky and barren, then again undulating with far reaching valley-; of - exceptional fertility ilnd occasional steep rises and descents, dotted here and there with herds of . cattle and horses, some of which scented us from afar anil with tails extended galloped wildly away up the steeper sides of ' M d. Cope ; from wuence tney surveyed us, standing out before the evening sky as though cast in bronze or chiselled out of the basaltic rocks close by. ; By this time our buoyancy . of . spirit had ebbed somewhat, for it was some hours since we had dined, and as the thermometer fell so the appetite increased. Even the quality of wit and repartee \ seemed ill nourished, and stage whispers suggestive of al fresco meals, and mo mentary forebodings and anxieties as to the efficiency of blankets were to be. heard ; but they were only momentary. The guides, true to their trust, made every possible headway in order to reach the hut'before'suiidowri. After leaving Mt. Cope to our right wc ; passed close to' the " Nigger's-liead" — a- clearly delineated outcrop of basaltic rock. An illicit still and the manufacture of. Nigger-head rum and Fainter whisky wore j suggested for the benefit of the next Par- j liaineiitary railway commission' when visit- ing those parts ; for by a strange fate, the last Parliamentary party who journeyed that way to Omeo, were so intent ou a thorough examination of the geological features and capabilities of the country, that one of their pack horses (carrying the Parliamentary medicine chest) strayed ! away, and was only recaptured some few days afterwards — but minus the medicine chest. After ascending ana dc3ooi>a;..s b'cr of the minor ranges and undulating slopes, there suddenly opened to our view a picturesque stretch of country which we called the Valley of Canaan, although it brought to ' my mind an early and juvenile conception of Prince llas- selas' Abyssinian mountain home. Here for the first time since leaving the island a ding-dong gallop was indulged in, and if any reward were due to us 'it \vas ours when- viewing the mysteriously beautiful and indescribable landscape and cavalcade of gay color and rhythmic movement. Towards sunset a heavy and obscuring mist moved quickly over the hitherto visible landscape, so that the rest of the journey had to be performed by following a somewhat husky " cooee" which eman ated from one of the guides. A final "cooee" and an almost simultaneous hurrah told the lagging ones that the hut had been reached. Soon the horses were hobbled, tents pitched, and the ladies comfortably harbored 111 the hut. A hearty supper ensued; and with drooping spirits revived we retired for the night, the clay's work" securing to each and all a sound sleep. For " the end and the re ward .of "toil is' vest." The preliminary gong was sounded early 011 the following morning, and the woeful tidings made known that all the edibles were under lock and key in the ladies' hut. Moved .by tlic supplications of an ever hungry youth (whose, appetite equalled, if not" surpassed, that, of those shipwrecked sailors who ate up Don Juau's spaniel), one of the benedicts of our party knocked at the "door of the hut hi that gentle man ner which only .comes -from practice and a cultivated desire (known" only to those holy martyrs and the married portion of mankind) to never disturb the slumbers of one's spouse. His timid intimatioq was greeted by no response, no doubt by practice. So kuow- uig full well that music may charm not only the savage beast, but even the gently heaving bosom of a slumbering beauty, he carolled forth with much assumed calm indifference, aud in a voice almost devoid of tremor- Awake love, awake love, I sing at your door, I know, you're asleep "y ihe way lliat you snore. The outcome was au emphatic denial to the. '-'soft .impeachment" front a silvery but muffled trio of voices, thus demonstra ting that the worthy husband has ever the open sesame" metaphorically up his sleeve, and to what extent it proved to be so on that .occasion we will leave it to the hungry one. to relate. Breakfast disposed of, and the tin dishes and pannikins, washed, up with that wil ling alacrity ever, d isplayed'by- the newly- fledged husband whenever the servant has left in a hurry, . and which -invariably hap pens during.. the busy season, we wended our way in search of the. lyre-bird. \- To have' one's .expectation ' repeatedly (whetted by hearing this; ever timid bird whistling to its mate or scratching away the surface of -the soil iii search of food, and to get within gunshot,' are widely di- vergent pleasures, the chances of the latter as compared with the tantalising certain ties of- the other; being' in ratio somewhat analagous-to the excessive odds sometimes cried by the' bookies on a known "stiff 'un'-.'" \- After much stealthy Stalking the" first prize was secured ; - the -tail being distrib - uted amongst the ladies, and the carcase handed to the guide as a token of our esteem and appreciation of- his truthful tales (" traveller's -gift") concerning the haunt of the lyre-bird, and the obliging maimer in which it repeatedly perched itself within range of our fowling-pieces. Much to the enlightenment of the party and chagrin of the elated sportsmen, our guide (with" true iconoclastic retaliation) pointed out that the prize was nothing more than a black cockatoo, . whose imita tive note had been productive of such dire results to itself. The majority, however, agreed to do as Torn Sawyer would have done under such circumstances and ' ' let 011" that ft was a lyre-bird. After lunch, the first cricket match ever played on the Bogong High Blains was commenced ;acovered tennis ball and home made : bat being used as the implements of warfare. Amongst her other accessories, the chaperone of our party had included a tennis-ball and prayer book ; and it was only when she liad (in accordance with late test match precedent) been '110 balled' for a throw'and given out, dress before wicket! that the discovery was made — it was Sun- day ; although it was urged that the Sab bath and Saturday were synonymous, the prayer-book ultimately triumphed and tennis ball was pigeon-holed until next day. Angling iu the numerous mountain watercourses was next' suggested by -our "chaperone as the least vicious of Sunday pastimesbuta scoffer —our Third Year : A rt's friend — who had been shorn of the other wise attainable glory of making top score; stated, that according' to Lv tton, angling e 1 1 co u raged t wo of the worst faculties in man ; " cruelty. and deceit." Dr. Johnson's " fool at one end and bait at the o'ther" was next quoted and a third told the story of that hapless disciple of Tzaak Walton, who after -fishing 'for ten hoars near- the Yarra-bend was accosted by a warder who appearing on a" wall close by, enquired if lie had caught anything ; and 011 receivine a reiilv in the nemitivp. requested the piscatorial enthusiast to " cotne inside." The remainder of Sunday was spent in. basking in the noonday sunshine, watching1 the ground larks flitting from bower , to bower, day-dreaming -and dog-sleeping) and by some of us maturing plans for the morrow. Others (with a sense of virtue! rewarded) chuckled light-heartedly at the follies of their more benighted friends who were perchance putting into practice that true philosophy — so very ably championed by Dr. Pangloss — and which teaches us to find enjoyment at the seaside where flies and insects are numerous and vicious and the thermometer registers 106 deg. in the shade ; and where au ever thoughtful cramway company (as at borrento) con veys you with a minimum of exertion to yourself, from intense heat -on the fore shore to heat intense 011 the Back Beach ; blackening your face and shirt collar at the same'titne and all. for the modest sum of sixpence. The sense of peace and contentment which had lulled some of us into an after noon nap caused the camp-poet to " drop into poetry. " " When poets say they've written fifty rhymes They make yon dread that they'll recite them too." , Our maker of verse not only added to that already lengthy and ever lengthening train of excellent doggrel- made (0 the hackneyed metre of the University " Yap, Yap !" but lie sang them as well ; and had to bow to repeated encores. Lest the inilravelled lowlandcr should deem that a rubicund visage may not spring from cases innocent and unforeseen, we will cull one verse from the many j — If the ladiei will pardon rae For letting this fact be whispered, Their cookery's nice, But it's so full of spice That our noses have reddened and blistered. Toujonrs ! Toujonrs ! Yous avcz toujoars 111011 coeur, Yap yap yap, tra la la la la, &c.; It would take up too much forbidden ei-won t-.. 1- actiin nil one vicissitudes of camp life, which included, amongst other pleasures) picnicking, hunting, ex ploring, sketching and gathering entomo logical, botanical and geological specimens in the day-time, and singing, reciting and relating ghost and other stories —culled from the family editions— by .the camp fire at night. Then caine the good night, when the men retired to their tents, where for an hour or so thoy vied with each other in relating parables and ancient stories, " vexing the drowsy ear of night" with uncontrollable laughter. Each morning saw us rising earlier than heretofore, the c;1 uses invariably being unforeseen. On one occasion the tent was blown down, and on another our slumbers were rudely awakened by the imprecations heaped upon an uninvited centipede which had ventured into the tent in search of . a change of diet, and in gratitude for the feast supplied had affectionately embraced a teuder part of the anatomy of one of the sleepers. For the first few days prior to each meal the whole of the males were press-ganged and converted into cooks and bottle- washers. Gurries, stews and original Epicurean dishes were the order of the day ; aqd it was only wuen the ever thoughtful squire, with, a view, to con serving an .already diminished supply of home-made broad, had made some "slap jacks" (a compound of flour, baking-' powder, grease and water) that the chief butler and head cook were deposed by the envious fair ones. The "slap-jacks," like most, novelties, were well patronised, and supplied the necessary indigestion to convert us into dreamers of dreams, but the Josephine of our party placed only one interpretation on these inspired visions, which was that the chieE butler and baker should be deposed for all time. Then came whispered mutterings of a mutinous scheme for taking the culinary ship out of the feminine hands. In secret conclave we appointed a new chief baker, but alas ! flour and water under his manipulation were but as " clay in the hands of the potter," and what was in tended for a startling surprise in the pastry line,- 'afterwards foqnd a place- amongst the geological specimens in the camp museum and was subsequently sold as a terra-cotta plaque (of Gennau manufacture) to a travelling artist. ' ." Live not to eat-, but eat to live," were the' daily doctrines inculcated 'into " us youth" during early school-d.iys by 'a cadaverous visaged and dyspeptic peda gogue ; but even the best of early train ing will not at all times/stand the crucial test, and so it harjnened that with appetites worthy jbf giants- ' the .predominating, thought of' each aud all was plenty to eat: and: meals often. During our sojourn in. this haven of. rest, iriany- places of interest were visited —the - most .notable' of ' which ' were Mb. VI 'Kay, ; The" Giant's Causeway" an'd: '" The' Rbcky; Valley." The summit of Mount M'Kay com mands. ni complete cycloramic view of Mt. 'Featliertop, Fainter, Nelse and the picturesque Kiewa Valley, and many villages and distant parts of N.S. W. The Rocky Valley is a portion of the right hand branch of the Kiewa River, and with the exception of its' stunted and different vegetation, the traveller when there ' will have no difficulty in trans mitting his thoughts back to -Dovedale and other scenes in the Peak. Here a most enjoyable day was spent — some sketching, others bathing ; the fair ones indulging the while in a gitine of 'Follow, your leader," stepping from rock to rock until a descent of several hundred feet along the bed of the river had been accomplished. The Giant's Causeway is a huge outcrop, of geometrically (and in some cases per fectly) shaped blocks of columnar basalt —so-called from its resemblance to that — ac one . time mythical— and strange geological. formation near Portrusb, in the North of Ireland. Any comparison, how ever, is decidedly in favor of the visible portions of the- parent one (for I have soen them both), which bears about the same relation to the one- in Victoria as- a per fectly- fitted and carved . structure of civi lised art does to .the more rude and abor tive preation of aboriginal iworkinanship. After a weok's absence from the low lands the order was reluctantly given to march homewards. The hobbled . horses wore released .and utilised for. "running in" their companions, some of which had strayed away' with newly made and wild mountain -acquaintances. The home keep ing horses seemed to enter into their work with a zest and alacrity equalled only by that' pf; the good; boy. of the family, who ever volunteers to an irate parent to un earth 'the "domestic ; cane for the chastise ment of his more- radical brother.: the return journey- was made by a dif ferent route via the Tawanga ! hut, each defile proving to bo as heretofore the portal to other 'and extensive- glories beyond. Large bunches." of " everlastings" were gathered as mementoes of the expedition) and- for the adornment of many a vase; but they proved to be just as-much out of place in a drawing-room as- a kingfisher would be in captivity. : You cannot transplant the .beauty of a: wild mountain flower unless it were pos sible to take with it its natural environ ments also. ' ! When near the.Tawanga hut the young gallants of the party aligh tod to chisel their own and the names of the .fair ones' in the autograph rock close by. Some' with marvellous patience cut . niche after1 niche, whilst; one piratical sculptor (in spite of a lecture 011 the etliics'of copy-; right) converted existing initials into his' own: « After a few minor accidents, to which the squire contributed by: sitting 011 a. charred log, thus rendering it impossible! (no mattor .how piqued) to turn his back! 011 the ladios, we again arrived at the; summit of Mount Fainter; where an inter-1 ost-ing ceremony was performed. A stone cairn was erected by willing hands, and one of the ladies deposited therein a relic ot departed worth, in the .shape of a "dead marine," well corked, and con taining the names of each one of the party and an " Ode to tin emu," the reading of which caused one guide to ven ture the opinion that Mao was anotlie'r Shakespeare. A lingering and farewell view, from Md. Fainter of the rugged and awe- inspiring scenery beyond caused medita tion --to onco more assert its powerful sway, and. as we sat on the rocks and mused o'er :ci'ag,and fell, the wind whis pered of the " Fathomless Infinite," and one's .better nature seemed momentarily to dip. its wings in . the aura of tin ideal life. Here was Nature's Temple, where the mind at least might kneel. The mys tic sunlight and fitful shadows creeping over the rueg'ed and stupendous rocks seemed as' the golden and happy hours of the springtide of youth— mingled with later years of doubt— falling softly upon the altar "of Time. Then as by a magic hand the sombre shadows slowly melted into nothingness, leaving behind— as it were-only the richly tinted hues ef promise. The atmosphere . hvniri-.WT '.'strifes overcome," aiid an invisible choir, in. -snlAnm rff minp. chanted "The life to be." A parting salute befitting the departure of sncHj-distinguished visitors was tired," aiiT'.aatiuge rock weighing ' some three tons toppled over the cliff and then the descent. was begun. - \- - E»fVIUU»>- ' UlMk. and d — grimed, but with all happy as sand boys, we reached "The Island" an hour before sunset, and to the tune of "A fine old, rare old, rickety, rackety crew." From " The Island" to Tawanga a race ensued, the stragglers reaching Mr. Black's in time to again distinguish them selves at his festive board, . On the following morning wc bade adieu to the guides (Blaok and '-Vol don), and after a few kindly admonitions to "Swaggy" and a pat of the dog, pro- ceeded to our various homes. Some to Melbourne (via R uon Lane railway sta tion), others to Gundowring and Woolol- oiiga station, and the remainder to Ker- gunyali, Yackandandah and The Her mitage, Barnaivartha, where— : 'Tis s-reet to hear the honest watch-dog's bark) < Buy decp-raouth'd welcome as we draw near home, . 'Tis sweet to know there is ail eye' will mark Our coming, and grow. brighter when we come. A P tirtty Design in Grapes. — On Wednesday and Thursday last large crowds gathered around the window of ! Roland's (Miss Fawcett), Swanston-street, Melbourne, to get a glitnpsp at a beautiful design of grapes, arranged on a Golden Easel, 5ft. high, draped with magnificent bunches of purple, brown, pink and pale green grapes, ainid autumn foliage ; across the easel was a golden bar of music ; all through the whole design hung beautiful tinted tulle. To the left of this a house basket, filled, with the same beautiful fruit, and festooned from the roof and hanging from the supports. The grapes, which were of excellent quality (one bunch weighing 7-Mbs.) were grown by Mr. F. H. Kulie, of Johannesberg vine yard) Ruthergleri, and the design was both novel and beautiful. Peninsular and Oriental S. N. Co. —Intending passengers by tlie "Aus tralia"' are requested to note that this vessel will leave Sydney on the 5th April, instead of the Gfch, in order th;>t she may leave Hobart on Thursday evening, the 7th April, which will avoid working at that port on Good Friday. \- Eioiit Hours Anniversary.— The at tention of tlioso desirous of courting- the siniles of Fortune is directed to the notice as to the art union to be held iii connec tion with- this celebration, in- wliich prizes of £1000. £200 and £100 arc offered, with a large number of other valuable prizes. Tickets are Is; only, and may be obtained from the local agent, Mr. R. Warren; Loch-street, Beechworth. ; Fire Insurance!— The destructive fires ! which have recently occurred in Mel bourne and elsewhere should arouse every one, concerned to the prudence of making some provision against loss thusoccasicned. ?A- fire may break out at any time without any cause being known, and in spite of the utmost precaution; aud reduce a com fortable home to ashes in a' few minutes. )Vith such contingencies in view, every "owijer or tenant of : property should not delay a single hour in effecting au insur ance- on houses or furniture, and so to a great extent mitigating their misfortune if tliey' should unfortunately be sufferers' from this terrible infliction. Policies can now- be obtained on very favorable terms on application to Richard Warren, office of this paper, Loch-street, Beechworth. Mining Bye-Laws.— It will be seen by advertisement that the oilicial edition of the bye-laws of the Beechworth Mining District is no.w available. The compilation has bceii'reviscd and corrected up to date, and will be found of essential "use to all oonnected with the mining interest. Copies may.be obtained at this office, or from any of our agents, at the moderate price of 'sixpence. 