:isr e e r> e e s: "Short, Sharp, Shiny." The \ .A.T.C. weights are out. It is nastj" to have to apologise publicly. Another town captured by the Ameri cans. ■' A deviation wanted on the Greenhill road. It is dangerous to deface official pla cards. I The Orient took away an enormous cargo. An accident at Parliament House yes terday. Yesterday-the quicksilver rose to 130 in the sun. A destructive tornado in the-district of Cologne. The Unley Chess Club tourney still un finished. A muff football match on Saturday on the oval. The Orotava should be here on Sunday afternoon. Dr. Napier's wife and family arrived on Thursday. Mr. .T. C. F. .Tolinson and his sister off to the East. Sellers are asking 3s. 9d. per bushel for their wheat. i The Enfield murder, case was dealt with on Thursday. A good return from the Medora mine, Oodla Wirra. \ Legislative Councillors had nothing to do yesterday. Two more bishops arrived in Adelaide this morning. The German carrier pigeon flight was not a success. TITs year the British harvest is heavier than last year. The second free organ recital proved very successful. Another , day added to. the costs of Ilar rold Bros.' case. The Protector's guns-were given some ex ercise yesterdaj". Naval Reserve men off for a trip 011 the briny next week. . An iuteresting leader on Safe Oil" 111 "The Advertiser." . . The Right Rev. Dr. Dunne arrived in Adelaide vesterday. Bedford has been withdrawn from the .Fiilham Parle Plate. Mr. Russell wants to bury everything that has taken place. The Musketeer has been well supported for the Caulfield Cup. It is intended to form an association of the country institutes. A number of seratchings for the Gvaud National Steeplechase. There is 110 mention of a dividend in the Gas Company's report. There are 158 institutes in the country districts of this Colony. There are 1,000 carcases of. mutton on board ".lie Woolloomooloo. A law is wanted for regulating the making and sale of lamps. Country racing clubs in Victoria are all in favor of the totalizator. The fi-st- race at Victoria Park to-mor rcw will start at 1.15 p.m. The safendss of kerosiue is of greater importance than the price. The barque Cumbrian made the voyage from Liverpool in 98 days. Mr. Butler lucidly explained the provi-j sions of the Fertilisers Bill. A fresh rebellion has broken out in the Arabian province of Vemen. William Simmons declined to answer | certain questions yesterday. The Woolloomooloo will be a full ship ] when she leaves to-morrow. Mr. C. Neill and Captain Bond had narrow escape on Thursday. • 1 English mails by the Orotava will be de livered on Monday morning. J. Martin & Co., of Gawler, awarded high lienors at Brisbane show. Numbers were unable to gain admission to the organ recital last night. An imposing service at the Catholic Cathedral on Sunday morning. The Assembly will sit late two nights a week for the rest of the session. Mr. Muirhead apologised to Mr. Com missioner Russell for that letter. Wallace. Bud, and Timotheus divided the stale-: at Mannanarie yesterday. There are no serious insect pests upon the trees at Mil dura and Renmark. A dinner in connection with the Univer sity is to be held on Thursday next. The Omlieus Society gave a most enjoy able concert at Glenelg on Thursday. Mr. C. B. Fry, of Siissex. has an average of 79 runs for 14 innings in a month. With line weather the Grand National race meei ing should be a great success. On September 3 there will be a grand concert in aid of the Elder statue fund. The Alphabetical is going to visit Japan, China, India, and other places. 'The A R.C. Grand National meeting will be opened to-morrow at Victoria Park. The- famine prevalent at Manila is af fecting the richest among the residents. In the United States the flash test of | kerosine ranges from 100 to 120 degrees. A large number of costly wreaths were ] sent to be placed on Lady .Todd's coffin. There will probably be 16 starters for the A.R.C. Grand National Hurdle races. Director and secretary of Coolgardie | Mint and Iron King gold mine in trouble. The South Australians won two out of | three lacrosse matches up to Wednesday. Mr. .Henderson, as representing the Law Society, accepted Mr. Muirliead's apology, j Directors of the Gas Company have de cided to add £2,000 to the replacement ac count. five negroes lyncnea oy a moo in Ar kansas, U.S.A., for murdering a store keeper. Albert Trott captured six wickets for 87 runs iu the match in which Middlesex beat , .Surrey. Dummy won the Christehurcli Grand National Steeplechase from Rhino and Moorag. "Mentor" thinks that Albury Queen 01 Ferrv's best will win the Grand National Hurdles. Scarcity of hares prevented a conclusion of the running at the Mannanarie coursing meeting < The Right Hon. G. N. Curzon has bc-c-n gazetted Viceroy of India in succession to Lord Elgin. Ten persons died in the Parkside Luna tie Asylum last half-year whose relatives are unknown. Mr. A Grosser, of South Australia, is competing for the Australian - shooting championship. ' It is proposed to make the sale of petro leum as an illuminaut below a certain standard illegal. Air. Holder delivered his budget specc-h last year on August 12, and it lasted 1 hour 57 minutes. A mad priest has been causing consider able unrest among the tribesmen in the Chitral territory. To-morrow afternoon Lady Victoria Buxton will open a cake fair at the Pros pect District Rail. mi,- viral,-,,- w— The Wiling Workers Concert Company have given another entertainment at the Destitute Asylum. Dogs and horses are being slaughtered wholesale at Manila, and their flesh is greedily devoured. Hie Rev. A.. E. Beilby lectured ."Ghosts aud Gliostland- of Shakespeare" on Thursday evening. Lady "Victoria Buxton was present at the final meeting of the Pirie-street Nurs ing Sister Association. Good ker'osine is safe in almost any kind of lamp, and bad oil is not absolutely safe in the best of lamps. The second of the two youths who burned their way out of the C'oolamon gaol was arrested yesterday. The legal flash point of petroleum will probably be raised, from 75 degrees to 100 for the sake of greater safety. The Esmond mine, Wadnaminga, is yielding at the rate of 1 oz. 8 dwt. ?. gr. per ton at the Petersburg Cyanide Works. The Norwood Baptist benevolent fund refused on conscientious motives tiie amount allotted by the Adelaide Racing Club. There are hopes of refloating the P. & 0. steamer China, which went ashore some time ago upon Azalea' Point in the island of Perim. Lord Charles Beresford will proceed to China immediately to report on the pros pects for British trade a'nd commerce in that country. "Modern insurance: its possibilities", is the title of a lecture to he delivered in connection with the Chamber of Manufac tures to-nicht. Mr. E. T. Hooley, the bankrupt specula tor. is suffering from congestion of the liver. No doubt he is also feeling a tight ness of the chest. The Mayor of Sydney has submitted a scheme of retrenchment whereby the cor poration expenditure will be reduced £12.000 ner annum. The first daws shooting in connection with the Australian championship meet ing promoted by the Melbourne Gun Club was fairly attended. The Victorian Poultry and Kennel Club is making a special feature of a display of frozen noultry, game, rabbits, and hares by the Depart 111 cm.: of Agriculture. The A R.C. programme for Saturday consists of the Welter, Lightning, and Buxton Handicaps, the Grand National Hurdles, tlu Fulham Park Plate, and the Selling Steeple. Professor Mommsen believes that in the went of complications arising in regard to China or any other international subject Russia, Germany, and France would com bine against England. 