[COPYRIGHT.] DAYS OF DANGER. Thrilling Narratives of the Bushranging Times. -4 Keenan's Ghost. BY CAPTAIN LACIE. IN FIVE PARTS. PERIOD, 1846. PART I. IN May, 1840, a surveying party em ployed by the Vnn Diemau's Land Government in the north-west part of the island met with a strange experience in the neighbourhood of Mount Valen tine, a huge peak adjacrnt to the world famous Mount BischofF, which boasts the richest tin tnino in the universe. The party wore undor the guidance of an ex perienced leader named Evan Edwards. As the name implies, Edwards was Welsh to the backbone and spinal marrow, though his college training in London had smoothed away the roughness of his accent, which in his youth was rugged as his native hills. The practical life he led did not, howevor, mollify the deeply roofbd. vein of superstition which ran through his nature, and he was prone to seo signs and portents where really no .cause to introduce the supernatural was apparent. He had four men with him, named John Weston, Edward Jones, Michael Keen an, and Joseph Walsh. They were hnrdy young fellows who loved the rough life which their occupation entailed, and managed to judiciously combine business with pleasure. The wild crags and dark glens which had been familiar to Evan Edwards in his youth paled into nothing ness before the stern majesty of nature in the localities which the party were endeavouring to explore. They wero in the great hollow formed by Mount Valentine, Bidol's Bluff, and Cradle Mountain, with the great ranges running like spires to connect them. From the first mount rightto the southern ocean at Arthur Bay, a distance of fifty miles, a vast range extended to the west with long spurs jutting out at intervals to the north and approaching Bass Straits. North and south of the main range rivera of more or less magnitude ran. The moat important were Arthur, Hellyer, Emu, Cane, Detention, Black Duck, and Montague rivers. To the south of Mount Valentino a perfect network of rangos bewildered the observer. Cradle Moun tain founed a magnificent background to the wild scene as it rose with its vener able crown of snow. In the Waratah Ranges other rivers, such ns the Pieman, Donaldson, Coldstream, and Huskison, took their source, so tiiat the whole of the north-west corner of the island was splendidly watered. The rugged hills and towering cliffs which everywhere mot tho eye, intercepted with narrow and profound glens, to say nothing of the dense vegetation, made, however, settle ment rather a difficult matter. It was a region for the miner rather than for the farmer. The first shock which came upon the men was in a deep ravine near the southern base of Mount Valentine. Every step had literally to be fought with the axe. It was rare, indeed, that nn open space was found over which the chain sould be ran. Tho track had to be madd with hard and unremitting labour, and in doing this the men had at times narrow escapes from the reptiles which infested *-he district. The dense under growth of creeping plants which entwined with the Blirubs and trees often necessi tated a week's work to cover a quarter of a mile of country. The rough axemen saw nothing-in the locality but the sylvan barriers, yet a botanist or a geologist and indeed to a lesser extent tho zoologist -would have revelled in the profusion of animated and inanimate nature which was scattered around. It was little wonder that the members of the,survey party considered they were tho first white men who had ever pene trated the region. In days gone by, before the " black battue" took place, the aboriginal might have roamed at large, though probably not in numbers, as they would prefer the more open and equally fertile central districts. Oil tho morning of the 3rd May, 184G, Keenan was leading man in cutting the ^narrow track through a deep and pecu liarly wild glen which ran at the southern base of the mount. The bauri vine in places almost shut out the light of day, but that dreaded horizontal creeper did not prove such an obstacle to progress »b tho ordinary upright scrub, as tho chain could bo carried along underneath the former, though it was really surveying is twilight. Iveenan had just reached a more than usually obstinate spot near the foot of a gigantic tree which towered far above its fellows, and was silently blaspheming the luxuriance of nature, when a sheet of bark was exposed by tho last vicious tug he gave at soma severed undergrowth. It is certainly not an unusual circum stance to meet with sheets of bark in a locality where it abounds, but this particular sheet of stringy-bark had a peculiar fascination for the trackmaker. Keating the axe on the ground, he leaned on the handle and contemplated it for some seconds with a puzzled look on hiB face. The reason for this was soon obvious. The broad'piece was about seven feet long and*two feet six inches broad, and it was cut at both ends as by an axe or hatchet. Tho chops on ic were quite plain, though judging by its appearance, the bark had lain at the spot for two or three years. In places it had been torn away as though by wild animals, and there was something so uncanny about the whole thing that the Irishman did not care to touch it until he had the company of one of his mates. He was about to call out for Weston, whom he knew was close.behind, when on turning he saw the leader himself coming up. ' What's the matter, Mike ?' he asked as he noticed the perturbed look on the face of the man. ' I don't know, sir. There's something here I can't quite make out. It looks as if some white men had been here afore us. Look at that piece of bark. It's been cut with an axe,' said Keenan. Evan Edwards took a quick glance at the object indicated, and then burst into a loud laugh. 'Did it never occur to you, Mike, that the blackfellows are able to use toma hawks and axes, and that most of them carry those useful articles? Don't you see the blacks hnve done tfiis V ' Well, I never thought about that afore. Of course I see it now,' answered Kin-nan, joining in- the laugh. ' I'll mov'o it, at any rate, and sco if ould Nick himself be hid undor it. Perhaps we may find a gold mine about.' As Iir spoke he lifted the axe and tried to shove the heavy sheet of bark off the spot on which it lay, but it did not yield so.easily to his efforts. ' Don't catch it like that, Mike. There may be a few snakes under it,' cried Edwards, ns Keenan dropped the axe and was about to lift it with his hands. Having a healthy fear of being taken unaware by one of the reptiles which tho Irishman abhorred, he stopped, and lifting a stick, the chief of the survey party gave him a hand to remove the sheet of stringy-bark. It yielded, so to speak, reluctantly, as though it were human and like a person in the witnoss-box feared to give up an important secret. At last it broke suddenly away and slid down about a foot oil the steep incline where it was lying. Both men sprung back as if indeed half a dozen hissing serpents were about to spring at them, for there was a mystery revealed by the act. A silent grinning skull, unspeakably grim and portentous in Buch a place, looked up or, at least to the men, appeared to gnze at them from the eyeless sockets. The skull-so mucli of it as was uncovered seemed perfect enough, but only a por tion of the skeleton was ns yet laid bare. For nearly a minute both men looked at each other alternately with a glnnce at the skeleton, but neither spoke, and as they were thus mute, Jones And Weston made their advent on thes-trango scene and quickly saw what had fascinated their comrades. ' It ia the skeleton of an aboriginal, I suppose,' remarked Jones. ' No, it's nothing of the sort, so far as I can see. Wo must tnke off tho bark altogether and make a thorough examin ation. Aboriginals don't wear boots and white men's clothes ; and can't you see a boot-toe sticking out at the end there? Lift off the bark so thnt we may get a proper view,' answered Edwards. Now that tho first shock of the dis covery was over and there were four men present, tho instructions of the chief were quickly carricd out, and tho ghastly relics laid bare. There were merely the bones, and with one or two exceptions they were all present, a somewhat re markable fact when it is considered that numerous wombats were in tho locality, and being omnivorous, thoy are of course not particular what kind of food they eat. A pnir of well- worn boots still encased the feet-bones, orrathercontaincd them, for most of the bones had become dis united. A rough skin cap, presumably an oppossum skin, was beside the skull, and sundry fragments of clothing showed that in all human probability'the relics were those of a white man. Poking about the debris with a stick, Edwards struck something hard, which gave forth a metallic sound, and it was quickly uncovered. It proved to be a small tin case about five inches long, four inches wide, with an aperture not more than one inch ncross. It had the lid and all complete, and did not seem to be much the worsn for wear. What on earth can be in this ?'spoke i he leader as he picked it up gingerly and looked upon the article with ardent curiosity, a feeling which wna quite shared by his companions. Edwards shook the box, but it did not give forth any sound which might indi cate its contents, and from its lightness he concluded that if it was not empty it. only contained papers, and he impressed that view to those around him. ' Only paper a,' replied Weston. . They may prove most importiint and lead to a solution of the mystery, for such it must be. I suppose the body is only that of some poor devil of a convict who ran away in the terrible days of Macquarie Harbour and perished here,' he added. 'Then lie must have lived a long time after his escape. The Macquarie station has been closed for a quarter of a cen tury, and this skeleton has not lain here for more than three years I should judge,' returned Jones. 'Well, he might have lived for years and years in the bush. There is nothing impossible about it, I suppose,' replied Weston. ' His boots and clothing would not have lasted long in this district, anyliow. If he had pillaged any of the BettlerB the authorities would have hoard about it, and all the country-side would have been on the qui vive. Oh, no; the Macquarie theory won't do, Jack. We must have something better,' answered JoneB. ' I am of your opinion also, Ted. This body could not have lain here more than three or four years. Tho bark was com paratively good, and life remains are fairly well preserved. In such a moist district time soon tells on anything perishable,' added Edwards, who was busy with his knife trying to take off the well-fitting lid of the box which hnd been partly rusted. It was with no little trouble that the top of the mysterious tin-box was re moved, and eager expectation rested on the faces of the men aB they peered forward to Bee what it contained. On the top was a layer of wool quite dry, and this led to the conclusion that the con tents were valuable. With some anxiety Edwards removed this and saw that tho box wns filled with the same material, but out of it peeped a Bmall piece of silvered edging. Turning the box up, the lender was enabled to get hold of thiB, and he pulled forth-not a valuable deed or document-but simply a photo graph on glass. It was a simple daguerreotype, but the likenesB was clear and well preserved. It waa that of a man apparently about forty years of age, but-with remarkable face and head. The lal.tur was almost completely bald, whilst the face had an expression that once seen could not easily be forgotten. It was sinister in the ex treme, and the forbidding countenance was heightened by a Bear which ran in a diagonal direction right across the fore hend. A small semi-circle of beard ran from under each ear round the chin-or rather undorneath it-whilst the rest of the face was clean-shaven. There was no name or anything to indicate whose likeness it was, save the photograph itself. That could not be mistaken by anyone who knew the original. 'Poor devil,'said Edwards, glancing down at the hideouB outline of bones. ' He has left enough to identify the body by at all eventB. Sou see, Weston, he could not have been an outlaw, or at least a convict, and carry an article like that about. The authorities would take good care of that, you may depend. Have any of you an idea of the original V he concluded as he passed the photo, round. One after another of the men examined it, but they all emphatically answered the quesiion in the negative. Walsh was at the camp doing cook's duty, and when he saw it later on he was of the same opinion aB the rest. 4 If I once saw a man like that I should no! forget him in a hurry. That scar would be enough to identify him. No, it is a perfect stranger to me,' he added, handing back the photo. None of the men had the least doubt that the photo, was thnt of the body beside which it was found. That seemed too apparent to need argument. The careful way in which the photo, had boon .kept went far to confirm the supposition. It was highly improbablo thnt one man would so cherish the memory of another as to go to such trouble in keeping his likeness, and so tbe survey party came to i}he conclusion which any other five intelligent men would arrive at. After a further exhaustive search, and nothing more being found, tho next question was what "to do with tho re mains 1 It was easily answered. They must be buried. . We couldn't have a better landmark than this monster here if the police ever require the bones,' said the chief, glancing up ut the gigantic stringy-bark tree which uprose beside tlinm. ' There isn't a bigger follow tor ten miles around, and as it is right on our trenchant-peg to the north, we can ensily find it again. We'll dig a grave just oil' the traCk thero and put the bones to rest. Get your spadea, lads, and lot ns make a start.' Weston went back and returned with a pick and a couple of spades, and dig ging operations began. 1 I'll peel off a couple of sheets of bark. We can put one under and the other above the bones so us to keep ihcm together if they are ever wanted,' said Edwards. Ho went round tho huge tree to got a .suitablo part to atrip, when lie came upon the identical spot where the large sheet found on top of tho skeleton was taken from, and calling his comrades, they examined it. The whole of the party were good buslimen, and they soon ar rived at the conclusion that not more thnn three years had elapsed Bince the tree was denuded of part of its covering. That at least was something proved, though as Weston said, tho body might have lain at tho spot for months or oven years before the bark was thrown over it. ' This man may have been dead for yearB when some wandering blackB dropped across it and so placed the bark. If white men had done it we would probably hnve heard of tho dia I covery, but you may depond that Euro; ' peans had nothing to do with the affair. In tho first place thoy would have found tins tin-box, and secondly they would have buried tho corpse aomohow. If the boneB aro those of a white man, as I fully believe them to bo, then thoy have novor bofore he seen by a white person. A stray black has put tho bark there,' Weston argued. His comrades did not think it worth while to dispute the assortion, though they did not at all believe the theory Vet in a manner they were almost forced to the same conclusion, for if a whito man had so kindly endeavoured to give sepulture to tho corpse, why was the matter never reported to the authorities? There were two answers to this. Either the good Samaritan had himself subse quently perished in the trackless wilds, or he was interested in not giving such information. The latter, of course, insinuated that murder had been com mitted, though if that were the case it was difficult to understand why con sideration should be shown to the corpse when only violence was offered it in life. In a settled district a murderer has reasons for trying to hide the visible evidences of his guilt, but not so in that far distant jungle of the north-west as it | was in 1840. The first theory was the more probable. There had been a party of two or more explorers, and death had overtaken them for their hardihood in venturing into such u desolate region without a proper base of operations such aa a government survey party main tained. It was very likely, indeed, that the expedition, if such it was, had not been properly equipped, as the fact that no report of two or more men having dis appeared. had over reached the authori ties so far as Edwards or IUB men were aware. Thnt would indicate a poor and badly arranged party, for if they had not friends or relatives on the island-who would be interested in their fate, they must be indeed friendless. Therfe and a score of other thoughts floated through the minds of the men as they arranged the bones for burial. At the suggestion of Jones, the boots and every fragment of clothing which could be found were secured in order thnt they might assist, if need be, to identification. The skull was iilso carefully examined to ascertain if there were any signs of violence, but it was perfectly sound and intact. When all was completed, one of the Bheets of bark cut off by Edwards was laid in the bottom of the grave, and piece by piece the bones wore arranged in as perfect shape as possible. It was a gruesome task, especially under tho cir cumstances and amidst such surround ings, but the men were not unused to rough and weird scenes, and in half an hour all that remained to show thnt anything unusual had occurred at the spot was a Bmall mound of freshly-turned earth at the foot of the giant tree. ' Well, lads, wS can do no moVe. Let us make a mark on this tree, giving the date on which the bones were found, and who by. It ia not impossible that death may overtake tho whole of us in this region before we have a chance to give information of our find, and then usefnl news might be lost to the authorities,' spoke the leader. 'God forbid that we should have to go under in such a place as this. I don't suppose it matters much to a man where he dies-xvhen he is dead-but while alive I nhall do my best to keep so, especially until I gat back to civilisation. This isn't even a fit place for a bandicoot to die in,' returned Jones with a laugh. In the meantime Kuenan, who was a fine axeman, had blaized a portion of the tree, and began cutting the day and date, and underneath the name of Evan Edwards and his party. It was done in the usual survey style, and that accom- ; plished, the work of track-cutting was resumed. The Irishman was somewhat afraid of the dead, though no living man could frighten him, and many a time during the day he cast glances towards the foreBt giant where the unknown lay in his eternal sleep at its base. To BR CONTINUED. 