LILIAN TREMAYNE’S SECRET. By Bertha M. Olay (Authoress of “An Ideal Love,1' &c.;) CHAPTER XXVII. THE CLOUDS ABE LINED -WITH SILVER. About two weeks later Marian received a letter from Dr. Hunt that very much surprised her—a letter that made her heart beat with joyous hope. Tne doctor wrote ; “Dear Miss Tremayne,—The friend to whom 1 submitted your father’s musical work, and whose sympathies weie enlisted by my recital of Mr Tre mayne’s affliction—this friend writes to me that the opera is the production of a man of genius, and only wants a pains taking revision I pressed him to give it attention for your sake, mentioning you only by your professional name of Mrs Temple. He now wishes to see you as early as possible, to consult with you re garding the matter. I have refrained from mentioning the name of Tremayne, either in connection with yourself or your father, as my patients all go by num bers, so that no one knows anything con cerning them from my establishment. My musicai friend is named Allbright—, Dr Allbright, the Willows, Cranleigh Fields, Hertfordshire* In the first place, j write to him, asking for an appointment. I feel certain that good will come of this. “ Yours very faithfully, “Alfred Hunt.” Marian read this letter over and over again. Oh,.if it were only true! Per haps the opera would yet realise a hand some sum—sufficient to help them in their hour of need, until Mr Tremayne was well and strong again 1 She wrote to Dr Hunt, and every line in her letter breathed the gratitude that she felt. By the same post she com municated with his clever friend, Dr All bright. She expressed her pleasure that he should think her poor father’s work contained merit, and stated that she would be pleased to visit him, with a view to business, any day excepting Tuesdays and Fridays. On these days she had her classes to attend. The reply from Dr Allbright was prompt, and to this effect: “Mrs M. Temple.—Madame: I am glad to be able to say that your father’s composition is of most unusual merit. As it stands, however, it is useless ; and if 1 have your permission to re-arrange, and make what alterations I deem neces sary, I may be induced to produce it on mutual terms, or sell it outright for you. Kindly pay me a visit, if convenient, next Wednesday. Be careful to state by what train you will travel, so that my carriage may be at the station to meet you. “ Sincerely yours, “Peter Allbright.” Marian was now in a perfect fever of delight. The opera was of unusual merit —Dr Allbright—one of the greatest authorities of the age declared so. Surely Heaven was answering her prayer for help! On the following Wednesday morn ing she was up early', and looking more hopeful and bright than she had for many weary months. “ The clouds are breaking at last,” she said to Maggie. “And 1 hope to bring back with me much happy, happy news. Take great care of baby, for l shall not be home until very late. Cranleigh fields is only thirty miles from here, but I have to change trains three times, and then I have a long drive across country.” She kissed the baby good-bye; she was growing to love the dear little child for its own sake as well as its mother’s. It was nearly eleven o’c.ock when she reached the little station at Cranleigh Fields, and found a smart-looking horse and chaise waiting for her. “Mrs Temple ’1” queried the coach man, touching his hat. “ Yes,” replied Marian. “T. am Dr A.llbri'jb.f’r mrn. T hrv~ ! eouA'o sneer \r •v' \ Si in~r> ;,ho -v.. ..-sd having i so on • £-.<-• -r.v. . .Po-V:. sen ted. the ; •r-Kv.:!-'; touche-:’ 'lie hr.i .again, and off; won: tS'k ho’-ve »ik» a- rocket. early. October; the air was cold but bracing, and the way was through some of the loveliest country in England. The trees were bearing the richest tints that Autumn ever paints ; the ever-varying shades, from russet-brown to blood- red crimson, quivering in the wind with a mournful kind of music, while some of the giant trees, through which the golden sun was shining, seemed crowned with a fiery glory. After a long drive, the horse slackened speed at the foot of a steep hill, and when they reached the top, she saw the village a mile away, nestling in a verdant valley as though asleep. The only sign of life was the blue haze that hung above— formed by the curling Bmoke from the chimneys of the cottagers. If she was charmed with the primitive looking village—with the lovely country —she was doubly charmed with the home of Dr Allbright- its perfect gardens—its miniature terraces—its ivy-grown walls. The carriage stopped at a side door, and a servant-woman came to assist Marian. “The doctor is out for a little while,” Bhe said; “ but Miss Allbright, his sister, is expecting you, Mrs Temple. Come this way please." Marian followed, and soon found her self in the presence of a stately little woman, with a smooth, clear skin, and snow-white hair. She greeted the girl pleasantly, and without any formality. Her brother had been called away, but would be back in an hour. In the mean time, Mrs Temple would doubtless like refreshments after her jcurney 1 ■ “Yes, thank you," Marian replied, brightly. Miss Allbright conducted her guest to an antechamber, where she could take off her outer wraps, and bathe her hands and' fac« ; then they went down to the dining-room together, and were soon the best of friends. The doctor was back at the time stated, and was agreeably surprised when he saw Marian. He thought that he had never before seen so beautiful a girl—such a perfectly splendid specimen of budding woman hood. He was rather astonished to find her so youthful, and married. He wondered vaguely who and what her husband was, or had been, for he under stood that he was dead. “ I am afraid,” he said, “ that we shall not get through very much business to day. Are you prepared to stay here until to-morrow, Mrs Temple V’ “ Ho, I had not expected that,” replied Marian. “ Then we must go to work at once ; I really haven’t a great deal to say to you yet; but what I have to settle forthwith is of the utmost importance. I desire you to follow me through a part of your father’s opera ; I hear that you are a talented musician \ therefore, I shall know that I am not wasting time. After I have pointed out to you weaknesses, redundancies, and matter that i3 quite irrelevant, I shall require your consent to totally obliterate these useless passages and leave the opera in my hands entirely. If you are agreeable to this, I promise to have it on the boards after Christmas, under the supervision of one of the most astute managers in London. If it has a successful run—and I say that it shall have a successful run—you may get some thousands of pounds out of it, and still retain all rights. Understand, pleaBe, that I have no monetary interest in the matter. 1 do not require any. I am doing this primarily in the interests of art —it is my hobby—my delight.” “ I leave it entirely in your hands, sir,” Marian said, her heart bounding with gratitude. “If it is successful, as you predict, will it be long before I get a little money ?” He looked at her keenly. “ My dear lady,” he smiled, “ if you want money, my astute manager will advance you a hundred pounds immedi ately. He is too clever a man to let this work drift out of hauds. I will communi cate with him by this day’s post.” “Oh, you are too good,” Marian mur mured, tears standing in her eyes. A hundred pounds seemed a small fortune to her, and she little dreamed that Dr Allbright had decided to help her out of his own pocket for the present. He conducted her to the eastern cham ber, and begged of her to be seated while he played through some portions of the opera which he had re-arranged. Marian listened, and, under the in fluence of the splendor about her, her senses were ravished. The doctor presently took up a violin, and asked her to play the accompaniment on the piano, a magnificent grand, which could tell of the cannon’s mighty roar, or ripple like a summer cascade. “There, ’ he said, at last, “fully one half of your father’s work ha3 been elim inated, a3 you will observe by the marked copy before you. It was in part bald and pointless, but contains music that has not been equalled for half a century. There is a fortune in it, Mrs Temple—a fortune in it.” She heard a step in the doorway, and was conscious that a familiar figure was standing there. The fair hair, the clear white skin, the tall, soldierly form. Heavens ! there could be but one man in the wide world who looked like this. She turned icy cold, and felt that the blood had left her as colorless as death. “Mrs Temple,” broke in the clear, decisive tones of the doctor. “ I will not detain you longer than is necessary ; you have a long journey before you, and I never ailow ladies in my care to travel after dark—particularly young ones.” “The man in the door-way muttered : “Pardon me!” and disappeared, while Marian gazed after him almost stupefied. “ Tell me, Dr Allbright,” she whis pered. Who is that gentleman % I have seen someone like him before—a very dear friend.'’ The doctor glanced at her quickly. He had not observed Athol until now. He had been attracted by the music, and had momentarily forgotten the ex pected visitor. “ That can be no friend of yours, Mrs Temple,” he said, evasively. “At least I think not. It is a blind patient of mine —a Mr—a—Dudley.” “Thank you,” the girl replied, sum moning the ghost of a smile to her face ; “ pray do not think anything more of my foolishness, but the resemblance gave me an uncomfortable start.” “ These chance likeness are very com mon,” smiled the doctor. “ Now if you are ready, Mrs Temple, you can go to the station. You will just catch the four- thirty if my man is hurried up. To-night, I shall write to my manager, and you will hear from me by Saturday at latest. During the next two weeks I shall endeavour to put the opera into shape, and shall want you • to come again to sign one or two needful docu ments before we put it into the hands of the theatrical people ” In half an hear Maritn was being rapidly driven back to the station—her mind in a parfect whirl. Who could be this Air Dudley, so mar vellously like Athol 1 He must be a rela Hve, How dreadful it was for one so v and handsome to be blind! She : ily seen the lower half of his face, ■:ui vUe likeness to her lost lover was wcr-.’erful, and his voice, too ! • eie way she had felt drawn to him — i:ih presence had sent an electric thrill •;'.:.'.ogh every nerve—every pulse, and -f-i longed to see him again ; she longed to see him because he was so like her own dear love. And when she was gone, the doctor sought out the young earl. *’ You startled my visitor, Athol,” he said. “I am sorry ; I forgot that you had warned me not to show myself. It was your beautiful music, doctor. I could not resist it.” “ My visitor was playing, too. She has a delicate touch. By the way, do you know anyone named Temple—a lady ?” “ Temple—Temple 1 No, I don’t think that I do P Was your visitor named Temple V “ Yes—a young widow, I imagine. A beautiful creature. The loveliest woman I ever saw,” said the doctor. “ She thought she knew you at first, and I was afraid that you had put your foot in it, but it was a case of mistaken identity— one of those absurd likenesses that occa sionally cause trouble.” 