THE RELIGION OF THE pHINESg. - The strongest of all religious feelings in China which has nothing whatever to do with Buddhism, is that of rever ence for oiifs'a predecessors. Is is weaker in the extreme north than in the south but that is only natural, when we consider the influence cf the TarLars, maitiy of whom still despise the old and neglect the dead. Notwith standing this, the feeling may he de scribed as universal!. The idea seems j to be that each human being is merely a link in the endless family chain, and that if ancestral sacrifices are neglected or male heirs not forthcoming, the con tinuity of existence will be broken. Unmarried females being almosji an unknou-n phenomenon in China, and a woman censing on marriage to belong to her father's family, women are re; garded much in the light of merchan dise. In the same way the continuity of existence is broken' by the loss of a limb ; hence the deeply footed objection to surgical operations. In the whole empire it is hardly; possible to find a Ohinamkn w it'll but one arm or leg. '4 l criminal naturally dislikes execution, . strangulation is much more pain ful than decapitation'; yet with the head on the shoulders' one can always ma.ke a preventable 'appearance in the world to come. That world,1 according to tbe Chinaman's inborn notions, is simply a repetition of the present one, and nothing more ; the same' mandarins squeezes, pleasures, and evils. Tlie idea in sacrificing to the spirits is to teep them quiet in their new sphere, and to prevent them from coming back to 'howl' for assistance. Even the Emperor, in conferring posthumous honours, invariably winds up with the words, ' and this in order to comfort the migrated soul.' So far as a Chinese lias any anticipations of future bliss, he simply contemplates a repetition of his present experiences. If he is a ' bid man here, he will be one there ; hence he conforms his conduct to good just so far as he does so with a view of ghining human credit on earth, aud no further. There is no dread of death, eicept in so far that it is painful and a sad severance. Though the Budd hist stories of IJearen and Hell are freely repeated, rio Chinaman seriously believes them, nor is his conduct ever motived, as it is with Christians, by hopes and fears of what may happen in a future life. The' true attitude of the intelligent classes towards Religion is that offici ally laid down by the Emperor Tao Kwang, grandfather of the present Emperor, i t is i a etTcct 'All religions are nonsense ; but the silly beople have always believed' in ghosts and after life, and, therefore, in order to con ciliate popular feeling, we are disposed to protect every belief, including Christianity, so long as there is no interference with the old ? established customs of the State.' Confucius had no religion, and even declined to dis cuss the question ; his system is revered simply as the embodiment of decency and order. From our point of view there is a slight touch of priggishness about it; but, anyway, it is tljp (Chin- ese version of ' the religion of a gentle man,' even though the gentlemaD ni&y; not exi3t in large numbers.' As to the popular attitude towards religion, it heed not be discussed at all from an academical point of view, being simply a bundle of ignorant prejudices. From a practical point of view it is, of ccurse., extremely imnnrtjne for means a '''^T'crence to us th^gdp|(ilnfi?le peasant or labourer jiiiilll'H I'T'WTmTr i ? in that we use babies' ^ *yes for photography, indulge in mons trous immoralities, despite our ances tors play religious tricks with convert women, and such like things. These superstitions are not grosser or more dangerous than were the middie-age hotions current in Europe touching witcherley, heresy, and supernatural agency. It is simply a question of education ; not only book-learning, but good roads, travel, commerce, inter change of thought, kind treatment, and ftaconabie concession oh our own side.'' » Buddhism was first heard of in ' China elmost exactly two thousand years ago. China was at war with ine ocytnians, and her envoy, who had been sent to the Pamir region to try nnd create a diversion against these fierce Tartars, heard, 'wiiilst-iii Afghan istan, of Iridia and its; ' fout'u faith.' This is the modern pronunciation of two-Chinese oyllables, which thenspeit the sound ' Vuddhu, or ' J3udh,' and ^d'3]1. are stil1 Pronounced in Japan * t — °Ur &V;'*b word ' bronze ' A hundred years later tlie Jndo \- Scything king reigning iu the Udjana i»id IJaikh r--6ion, orally communicated *.he Buddhist canon to achineseenyov \- i-r traveller ; and t hit is the very first \- $ e Chinese ever heard of images or : precise teachings.. Emperors alter-1 »at.d ? between slavish adoration and ,In 839 there were SoSffOO no iiks andj'Runs in the *nj jiire; &15 all the monasteries : were _ ^???royedr^ Jjt jilier the Cu tbiyan iior ' * * lio,'le' Tartar dyutietiet, of Kort Uuiiu did iiihcIi for pr agauaic iludtl BUUi; but tiiu Alatiyols iuppcried aii «4V. f W. .... ^ regions. Kublai was grentcr under! the influence of the Tibetan .priest, Paspa. The later iuongol Emperors were poor superstitious creatures, and may be said to have been dynastically ruiued. by jandering to 'grossly corrupt Buddhism. The ' native ijhiiieso dynastry of Ming, which succeeded the Mongols, and reigned until the Manclms conquered China! 25Q years ago, kept Buddhism within ' ptrict bounds. In 1430 the Emperor said ; ' In our own day men are superstitious as ever.' A century later one of his successors burnt all Buddhist sanctu aries in the palace precincts, destroyed all books and. images, and pitched the holy relics away. One, however, is still in existence, and under 'stupa' near the Marble Bridge of Pekin. The Manchus have from the first made intelligent use of Buddhism as a political lever, ' '' ' Seeds of unrivalled quality for st&lion;, farm, and garden, and. lit very moderate prices, are Sent oul by Mfessrs P.' L. C. Shepherd and Son. of 202 Pitt street, Syfl ney, the oldest and most reliable' firm in the colony. Their admirable ' catalogue of seeds nd plants is sent free to all applicants. 