Overgrowing Her Strength. | HOW DR. WILLIAMS' PINK PILLS MAKE WEAK GIRLS STRONG. Testimony from well-known and highly-respected colonists ia always worth printing, and tbe worda of Mr. George Harner, of ' Lamington,' Victoria Road, Auburn, Victoria, are of thia nature: — 'I thought I would lose my daughter, Miss Alice,' said Mrs. Marner to our reporter recently, ' she was overgrowing her strength. Medical men could do nothing for her.' Here Misa Mnrner ontered nnd quickly told how Dr. Williams' Pink Pilla had Baved her from death and disaster. ' I commenced, some two years ago, to feel very ill otter returning home from school,' said she, ' I did not feel sufficiently unwell to take to my bed, but experienced a continual languid feeling that made me most miserable. Father took me to see a doctor, ond he Baid I was overgrowing my strength, and I was not to exert myself. As I had no inclination to do so, there was no fear of my dis obeying tbis order, and I took the ' quinine tonic' given me, with regularity. Then I commenced to feel acute pains in my shoulders and back, and at night I could scarcely get any rest.' ' We tried every thing to induce sleep,' interposed Mr. Marner, 'but it had no effect; then I coneulted a well known Collins-street practitioner. B.e said my daughter was Buffering principally from weakneBS, and advised n change. Her mother took her away for a trip to Queensland, but Bhe returned loosing worse. She would alBO retch on rising in the morning; any food taken could not be kept down. She lost fleBh and became a mere ghost.' ' Thia time laat year,' Baid Misa Alice, ' I weighed 7at. 31bs., now I am 9dt. 7tbs.' ' A great improvement; your treatment must i have been beneficial r 'No; all the medicine I got . did me very little good. Actually, Dr. Williama' Pink Pilla fer Pale People deserve that credit. Just before the Jubilee holiday?, laBt year, father bought me a box of Dr. Williams' Pink Piila, at Mr. Pleasance's, Chapel street, Prahan, tbey did me so much good that I continued with them. It ia a long time sinnB I discontinued taking them, and I am now aa healthy aa anyone could wish.' ' And you would recommend them ?' 'Yes; and that strongly too,' Baid Mr. Marner, 'had I known of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills two yeara before, it would have Baved me a hundred pounds. Parents should think over this — good health and a hundred pounds saved. It ia undiaputed that Dr. Williams' Pink Pilla build up the conatitution, strengthen the ayatem, enrich the blood, and improve the braia. Tbey are a certain cure for indigestion, pimples, skin diseases, liver and kidney troubles, biliousneaa, nnajmia, 8leepleaf-neas, rheumatism, lumbago, loss of physical strength, neuralgia, all female irregularities, debility, sick headache, Iosb of vital forcca, &c.; Obtainable from all chemiata and dealers, or from the Dr. Williama Medicine Co., Queen's Place, Sydney, who will forward six boxea for 15a 3d, or one box for 2a 9.i, poat free. 