ibe WHIMS HcAVYfWElpHT .... CHAMPION? Felix Accepts fiyan'a Chai- letiffn. I have recelved the fopo wing, from " Bananas/' of -ihe- Brisbane -Qbsef- ver,?;— ' ' tv'-_/'-VT- . Monday, 0tti May. Blr,—I am writing you for. and, on behalf of, Peter Felix, who sits beside me as I write; and Instructs toe to /tell you that he is prepared to accept the sweeping defivcf Tut Byan/ wjiich appeared in yopr last issue/'. Peter considers that he i»«ft at least as good a right to tbe title as Byan, and is prepared to settle the question of sup remacy at any time or place- Hp is now, and always has been, prepared to take on anyone who offered,. and if he has preferred to travel and earn an honest living, it should redound rather to his credit, and not be considered an indication of a desire not to fight. With regard to the conditions of proposed match, Pcfer . would prefer, If possible, to box for a purse, under' the auspices of some recognised re sponsible body or club. If the Queensland Sporting Club was approached they might be Induced to make an offer, or, falling theni possibly the Democratic Club, of Mel bourne, might arrange to bdpg the contest off in their new premises. Should both these fall, then, of course, a gate money contest must re sult, and this might he arranged cither' In Brisbane where Peteiv is well known and has many supporters, or in the Hibernian Hall, Melbourne. In connection with this matter, the subjoined article appeare$4u the "Observer":— Who is the actual heavy-weight champion of Australia 7 is a question often put, but seldom answered iu anything like a satisfactory manner, and a review of the situation gives the reason of this in the fact that of all the claimants to the title not one has any solid basis for his claim. After Peter Jackson left the country the resident championship rightly fell on the shoulders of Frank P. Slavto, and when he in his turn took his departure tbe position was for some time vacant. Mick Dooley doubtless had the best claim, but then the Barrier champion. Joe Goddard, began <0 attract atten tion. and after many victories on Broken Dill and elsewhere, he suc ceeded in defeating Dooley at the old Melbourne Athletic Club. Whether or not the victory was honestly earned was questionable, but .Toe held the title manfully, and still further en trenched himself in bis showing iu that memorable contest at the Crystal Palate (Melbourne) wiili Peter Jack son, and in his two victories over the cJerer American Choynski. Finding no further rivals available, .Toe followed tlie example of the many others, aud weut to America, lo bo laid low first by disease, and then by Denver Ed. Smith, and whilst he wn« undergoing these experiences the title was again left without a worthy re presentative, to be claimed by factiou fighters and lenders of pushes, who mauled each other for it and a. cut at the gate money taken at some back street resort or bote) club. When Goddard returned tbe Cum berland Athletic Club was 'doing its best lo maintain tbe prestige of the sport, aud they succeeded iu arrang ing a contest for the chnmpiouship between the Barrieritc aud the late Harry Laing, tbo swarthy and beauti fully proportioned champion of Now Zealand. Latog. on a previous occasion, had a tilt for the tide with Slnviu. prior to the jailor's departure for America, and tbo inhabitants of the lovely little town of Waugauui iNow Zcalaud) still talk of the groat show their champiou made ou tbo Wangnuui -Racecourse with Iho mau who liad' -proved him- 5- elf Australia's best. Tlie boasts of the I'ukehas are ably seconded, too. by the Maoris, who sigh and wipe tiie tears from their eyes as they point to -the little green mound in tbe Wangauul Ceme tery, beneath which the writer of these lines helped to lay the mutilated Iwxly of their great Baugaiiva Hare Range. This is a sorrowful diversion, and the ghosts of the tears thai 1 shed ou that occasion dim my eyes as 1 write nud think of the last moments of the brave fellow who had searcely begun to enjoy the glory of Ids title wheu sudden and violent death overtook bim. fcome day 1 may recount the whole sad event, and endeavor to de pict the bravery with which the poor fellow faced death, .and the heart rending sorrow of his little Maori wife, whose lips horo the tat too marks which Indicated a Jong 1:11 J noble lineage. It can only Tjo imagiued by those who have witnessed the sorrow of these- intelli gent and impressionable people, as ex hibited at a Tangi. n ceremony which answers somewhat' to the ceremony of the wake of tbe Irish. But 10 return. Latog proved himself the master of Goddard. aud thus earned tlie title ; but. death having overtaken him. it by right revelled lo Goddard. Joe, however, was of a restless nature, nud he soon left in search of tbe big money which was then being earned by boxers iu .South Africa. Again Mick Dooley oc cupied the position of the most legiti mate claimant for the title, although bo never made much talk about it, and be proved biuisolf by tor the cleverest heavy-weight in Australia by making a " hack " of tlie rising young light heavy-weight. Tut Ryan, undoubtedly the best man in Victoria, After this Mick .seeuiod <0 fall entirely out of hlgbt for a while, aud when Tut Jlyan and Jim Quiglcv were billed 10 box for his title he raised not a word in protest. Qniglcy outclassed Ityan. and for a time shone as Aus tralia's best leaving Dooley aside. Dissipation did ite work for him, how ever, and while Jiui was rioting iu Melbourne Tut went 10 the country and put iu twelve months solid work. Returning, be -secured another msicu. and, all praise to bim for it. by dint of eoudltion and determination, ho succeeded lu turning JI16 tobies ou the Pyrmont boy. Jim then drifted to CooJgardie. where he died— a fine man, with as grand a right hand as was ever seen, and one who would have made a name to be talked about but for his excesses, which undoubtedly caused his death. Tut Ryan was tbo next 10 visit Africa, and in the mean time tbe tall form of Peter Felix was beginuiug to arrest attention. Prior to his departure for South Africa Goddard essayed to stop the darkic in ten rounds, but he failed, and at the end of ilie journey Felix was away ahead on points, Joe bciug all out Peter proved himself the pos sessor of a good left hand aud a use ful pair of feet, hut his right was any thing but a dangerous member. lie was io the right groove, however, and bis faulr being pointed out to bim. he set to work to improve it, and a series of victories over various members of tbe Victorian contingent showed the progress Jtc bad made. At ibis junc ture the ubiquitous Dooley again put in an appearance, aud his greater ex- perience enabled hitn to triumph over tbe dark-complexioned aspirant. Jn a second meeting Mick undertook to stop Felix iu ten rounds, but tlie lat ter. appearing to have profiled by nis former experience, succeeded in earn ing the verdict. A drawu match between tbe two in Brisbane followed, and, ibis over. Dooley again disappeared from active life, and at latest was off to West Att'-lralin. With Dooley quiescent, other claim ants for tbe title are now bavimr their little say. and the hitesr emanates from Tut Ryan, who lias issued a challenge to all Australia, _ Borne Uttw -iime Qge, 4oo, BUI fojjeita tbe Foofeiay (Fie.) , mho dipting IjltL Bwitb (pB. filled out lieyoBd tlio limits of ill Hi class, xras also putting In a claim. 1 time tee seemed & likelihood of Fells and Doherty settling (be ques tion between them, hot they could not. net n poise of any magnitude guaran teed, and, though a visit to Melbourne on the part of Felix would doubtless have secured a gate-money encounter, Peter expressed himself tired of box. Ing in the Interests of hotel businesses. With Dooley and Doherty in tije wilds of the Western colony, the only two claimants left are Felix and Byan, and a match between these two should prove of more than ordinary interest That It can be managed there is no doubt Byan has issued a challenge, and Felix has notified bis readiness to accept it and box the .Victorian at any time or place which suits htm, aud where decent Inducement is forthcom ing. 