PITH OF PAELÏAMMT. {Bj "Bungarra.") ! "Finia coronat opus." The heading of the article is the most i misleading thing about it. When there is any Parliament worth speaking about, it is always easy to extract the Pith, but when it comes to Ministerial esti- mates of how much boodle is necessary to extract from the pockets of the ; working man to keep up the Premier's j blow about ' the great and glorious country," it is like laying to extract blood from a turnip or money from a bank, or information from a Minister, *r| sense from a Government supporter, or] wit from a Pennefather, or à lot of other things too numerous to mention. ¡ i _ * * * * ' I Never in the annals of Westralian history has a session so utterly -unprofit- able of good to the country been en- acted. Hardly a single bill of any mo- ment has resulted from the months of wrangling lately passed. An Educa- tion Act, fashioned in the mould of pub- lic opinion, ?.nd n Divorce Bill suited to the exigencies of everyday life, have both been ming into the political rubbish heap by the House of Upper Fossils. An Act for the wiping out of the allu- vial digger has been engineered by Lefroy, the hero of the well episode, j through a more or less unwilling and apathetic House; Piesse's profligacy has been condoned, while he has been 'voted some more funds to blue. The ¡ Government came in with a great fionr I ish of trumpets, and a Governor's speech like the Astronomer General's weather reports, meaning anything or nothing. They purchased two goldfields' mem- bers, and refused to pay the railway 1 purchase price for them, and they end- ed tiie session with a defeat of ll to 9 on the question of John Gibson's peti- tion of right ; this, in spite of the Pre- mier, his four Ministers, and one Oppo- sition lawyer. Venn, Hall, and Burt took up their crosses and followed their master humbly, as became dutiful dis- ciples, sharing in the defeat of the brass image with the putty foundations that rnisrules the destinies of our bleeding and well-bled country. * * * * The estimates, like the good wine at the Jerusalem send off, were left to the last. Very necessary too, because it left less time to discuss their absurd- ities and dissect their financial gro- tesqueness. The Forrest ian idea of finance is to economise on hospitals, schools, and niggers, the three items, which no stringency offers an excuse for cutting down, and to splash the pro- ceeds of the sweating of the educational and sick citizens vote cn ball-rooms, ob- servatories, mints, and zoological gar- dens. And still their whiskers grow. * * * * What the Assembly had left undone in the matter of criticism, the Opposi- tionists in the Council undertook to see through. Mr. Haynes, which his other name is Richard Septimus, likewise Dicky, with that disinterested spirit of philanthropy which ever distinguishes members of the legal trades union, ob- jected to the importation of a railway so- licitor, ai ten quid a week, when there was lots of talent- in the colony willing and able to do it and collar the boodle. Protect home industries every time. Parsons and Matheson also opposed the vote, which was struck out as far as the Council was concerned, * * * * Apropos of the above, the writ« was in Kew York when the Imported Labor Act became law, forbidding the intro- duction of European pauper labor as a counter-irritant to Carnegie's iron- workers, who had struck to maintain current wages. Shortly after this one of the New York congregations, who performed their devotions in the most fashionable church, and murmured over their embossed prayer-book, "Have mercy upon us, miserable sinners," in black swallow-tail coats and gold laced blouses, imported a brand new par- son from London, "quite English, you know," at a high salary. Other churches j found the« plate, that Palladium of Christianity, getting small by degrees and beautifully less, and they kicked with a vigor proportionate to the amount of ten cent, pieces lost to the cause. Hie Imported Labor Act was brought into force, and the new pulpit- thumper was, according to statute, shipped back whence he came. Peace reigned after this, and the market for local evangeli- cal stock revived again. * * * * The Council on Wednesday struck out of existence the Metropolitan Water Works Act. And so the tinkering at the riyal Bill-foundries proceeds apace. What kettles one factory solders toge- ther, the establishment over the way punches, holes through till they won't hold water. The country, which pays for the upkeep of the tinkers mean- while, gets a miscellaneous assortment of pots and pans to carry on its domes- tic economy with, and growls accord- ingly. Both the Council's amendments were fired back at them the same night by the Assembly, according to time honored usage, and the battledore and shuttlecock policy was resumed. * * * * Our poliee department costs us £109,000 annually, about 30s. for every man, woman and child in the colony, with double the number of policemen ¡a proportion to population that Queensland possesses, and nearly twice as many as any of the other co- lonies. The criminal factory at Flog mantle and the felon factory at Rott- nest, the rottenest convict emporium in Australasia, are responsible for much of our trouble in this direction, as visitors to these establishments turned out pen- niless into an unsympathetic world after serving a sentence, Tetufn nine times out of ten till theft becomes a habit and vice a vade mecum. Never- theless our bobbies look nice in uni- form, and the housemaids find manly consolation in the foorce. * * * * ' The defence force vote of £19,000 assumes an entirely new aspect now that France and England are - calling each otlier swear names over the back fence. James made a patriotic speech on behalf of the volunteers. Patriot- ism is a noble, attribute. Not one soldier in ten thousand owns a square foot of the land he fights for : he could not even live in the country without paying rent for the privilege to the landlord who owns it all, «md a* a eas:-* tn point the whole Egyptian campa'gn was undertaken to render valuable ic the market the Egyptian Irenes heid Ly a handful of wealthy speculators -R-ÛO pull the strings far tte political puppets to kick to. Wi»n a French warship makes skittlei of thc Fremantle irrics, the country will send the two Houses ot Parliament down to talk at them till they retire in confusion. Pennefather on morality, Forrest on promises, Piesse on railways, Sam. Mitchell on all taree, and Vosper on mainer bills would sink any foreign battleship that ever floated. As blackmail to save bom- bardment we could offer theme our Mint, the Observatory, the South Perth Zoo, Jerry Smith's ball-room, and the whole Forrest Ministry en bloc. * * * * * Thursday night saw the last full sit- ting of the session without much trans- piring worthy of record. Moran threatened to quit the sheltering wing of John Forrest and desert to the enemy. Then the Premier will most likely have Moran prosecuted as a de- serted child, for the Opposition will find him uncongenial company unless he considerably changes his politics. After all to some people politics very much resemble clothes that can be donned and discarded at will, the old suit consigned to the dust bos or hung up for future use, while a new suit costs little. It will be quite a tableau to see Leake measuring Moran for an Esper- ance railway coat, while Conolly, who has just been fitted, jots down the mea- surements ; Vosper will cut him a new pair of alluvial trousers; Wilson will build the boots on the water works pat- tern, and George will find the necessary sos. The ghost of Esperan IP, strangled by Forrest and Co., will yet haunt thc Ministry until it is exorcised by some sort of a railway. We have not by any means seen the end of it yet. * * * * Another close shave for the Govern- ment on Thursday. Oldham's motion for a Select Committee to i^uire as to why a civil servant has been booted from office without good reason was defeated by one vote only. The dis- cussion had its use, for in reply to an interjection from Illingworth, the Pre- mier said there would be a Civil Sei vice Board next year in existence. Badly wanted too, to end favoritism, in- fluence, and nepotism, the present banes of the service. ' *. * * * The principle of private enterprise in connection with private railway con- struction, opposed so vigorously by the Premier in the case of Esperance and the goldfields, was practically admitted by him in regard to the Pinjarrah-Mar radong line, which taps timber areas, and for die building of which, under due restrictions, permission has been given, 'lue jftfarradong argument will be the thin edge of the wedge in the next Es- perance railway discussion. * * * * Leake extracted a promise from the Premier that delegates to a possible Federal Convention in the future shall be the chosen of the people, and not merely the nominees of the ruling clique ??n power as previously. Another step in the right direction. * * * * Parliament closed with a loud bang on Friday afternoon. The last act of Sir John Forrest was a compromise on the John Gibson petition of -right. Then the usual felicitations ta the House, the Speaker and all concerned took place, to which, as the papers say, the Speaker suitably replied. Owing to the absence from the Press gallery of a reporter in connection with a Kalgoorlie libel case, the press did not reply at all. Geordie Simpson was present at the fall of the curtain in time to witness the fairy god- mother in lace-frilled blouse and wand flit in and announce that Deputy Acting Mrs. Great Britain would be glad to see 'em all at tea over the road at the Council Chamber. ?*. .* * * Then came the historic procession. First a No. 9 policeman, 38 inches round the chest in his sox, behind him the Ser geant-at-no-Arms, with his brass- bound waddy over his shoulder and one eye on officer in fronf~ready to drop him at the least- sign of irregularity. Next came trooping the Speaker in wig and petticoats, followed by hon. members, like a hen with a brood of ducklings, The cannon blew off the usual amount of gunpowder, several small boys cheer- ed, a few kids in baby-buggies squalled, there was a dog-fight, and a sign on the Terrace "Beware of the Steam Boiler," as Deputy Jerry Smith took his seat, well guarded by numerous policemen.' Then the band struck up "Father's Got 'Em Coming on Again," and trooped, hay-foot, straw-foot, up the street, foi- j lowed by the admiring glances of sun- dry nursemaids. The Command er-in Recent arrivals have expressed astonish- j meat at the quality of the nat we deliver daily. We have, without doubt, thi! best supplies, best shops, best 8 uri slants, the best System, and the public by then ~Vilr in I creasing patronage have pronounced us to be the best butchers. Holmes Bros. sod Co.* Chief muttered "England stand firm," as the awkward squad filed past to the martial strains of "The Night Before Larry was Stretched," and the dignity of Parliament was maintained. Mem- bers can now go home and see their best girls, while the country kneels in the dust "and spits through its clenched teeth "For these and all His other mer- cies, may the Lord be truly thankful, Amen." 