THE WYTHECOMBE MYSTERY; A ROMANCE. • By JOHN K. LEYS, Author of "The Tenth of June," "Tha Lindsays," &c.;, Jfco. CHAPTER XVIIL—FINDING / SCENT. THE , Kflnyon could never explain to himself how it- was, that bo neither felt surprised nor groktly. shocked' when Shenstone s treachery was-revealed tobim. He had not really suspected that Katherine Dale's lover had been glaiying a doublfe game. If Air. Daunt had bob warned him Harold would have gone on placing implicit confidence in Shenstone, telling him everything'that occurred, and taking his advice at every step. And yet a thousand minute circumstances—a little coldness on SHenBtbn's part or a little undue warmth of tone,a certain slackness in maintaining the C&u;&e;" of\ (he absent man, which subsequent protestations could not quite make up for— these and such-like things h'ad produced an uncQnecions impression on . Kenyon's mind whioli made liim at once recognise that the attorney b%d told .him the truth. He merely nodded when Simpson whispered" the*" name'as if he quite expected to bea?it,.andthenturned the conversation into another tAannbl.;-^ • - . Prosently Bfrnpsoh rose to. go upstairs, and jptygearinghimself-ofJSenyon'a hand ha.began earnestness that the letter he had written to the bank was only intended aa&^joke, rand- "not meant to injure TOU, TVIishter Eenyon, in any shape or form Kenydp assured the little .vagabond that neither he : nor any one else would Buffer on 'account of the disclosure he had made, and saw, him led- oS 'to bed with much satisfaction. 'When left alone Harold set about reviewing the .situation in. the light of this new fact wbi<& .he had- learned, and trying to find a reason for Shenstone's conduct. For more than two hours he sat there almost motionless, endeavouring to reason from , the known to the nnkuown, and thinking what his next st$p oughtto.be.. ;The startling faot was that Shenstone had paid what ; was a considerable bribe-—paid it too, at a time when,'< as Harold knew, money was bv.no moans plentiful with him—to check the proseoution of. the search after Vere. There.was no other conceivable motive for Sbenstone's conduct. He wanted Vers to remain in seclusion. But why? . That was the question that haunted Harold's qdnd, and he could find no answer to it—that is, no satisfactory answer. _ A thousand wild surmises Tan through his brain. Perhaps \- Shenstone jegssecretly in love with the Hector's daughter,.and had murdered Vera to prevent the marriage taking, place. Or perhaps he had been in love- with .Miss Unwin, and had beguiled her. to .the lonely spot in which the body •was found, and shot her out of jealousy. Or perhapahe was a relation of Miss Unwin's, thongh:he-was too proud to acknowledge it, and ;h»d murdered Vera for his conduct to the jtirl, and had then taken the girl's life to conceal his former crime. But these were all so many guesses in the dark, and afforded no guide for him in the fu'tur^.' On two points only he felt clear. One was that he would give Shenstone no hint that his double-dealing had been discovered. Simp, son, no doubt, would hold his tongue for his own .-sake. The .second point was that he would,see Mr..Daunt at once and be guided by biin as. to the next steps he ought to take. . Next morning, accordingly, he went straight to Mr. Daunt's office. The old. -lawyer heard the news with a grim smile of satisfaction. " We must, find .out something more about thi&man.SbenBtonft;"said he. "But tell me, -in the: first place, can yon imagine any reason .why be should have wished to injure you personally?" \- Hatpld hesitated .a moment. He remembered that he might perhaps have offended Shenstone :by declining to allow him to overdraw his. aqcount at the Bank without security/. But .then, therewas no likelihood that any jnahager who might have been sent down to'. Darnport .in .his place would act more leniently ; and although Shenston and himself were rivals in respeot of Kate, Shenstone was the xuccescful man, and had nothing to fear (as he must .know very well) from his competitor. ' 1 : ; •• I ". No,". answered, Harold," I don't see any motive Shenstone could have had for injuring me.",-- . "C&nyou; think of any reason he could have had for requiring your presence in Damport?" ' "No." ' . • •••• \- " You had told -him, I presume, that yon meant toprpsecuto-the searoh for Vere?" "Oh,'yes; he was holping me in the matter." ... • ' "Then I think we may assnme, for the preeeht^at -all events, that it was to hinder that searth^to stop it, in fact—that he caused that letter to . bs written to the bankers, yourempl^eraJ]^.;' .- v, ; "r»m quite of the same opinion, but I can't see what I can do. I have advertised for Vere without any success^. I don't care to do so no w for fear that tiiose who might have information ~to give may communicate with the police. I-hare not a ghost of a clue to guide iptr"-' /v ' - • • • - > And yetV aaid o the lawyer thoughtfully, "a clue muBt; be within your reach, or Shenstone would, not have .'given himself somnch trouble" to get you put out of the way of finding-it." ."'Dojon think sofcried Harold. . am sure of'it." "But whatoan the hiddenclue.be? What is,the point that Sheostone is BO madlj afraid of my touching?"' - - •"&t; me see.Dtdn't you. say that Shen- Btone bad dona -something to help you in your investigations?" " Just a,little.' He caUedjun Beaumont^-or said he did—took him to the restaurant at which Vere had left his~evercoat, and found that the waiter could not identify him as Vere's companion on the Tuesday evening— the night when'Vere disappeared." "Stop a moment. Did you propose, or did Shenstone,-that be should undertake that job??- '."Shenstone offered to do it himself," answered- Kenyon, after a moment's reoollection. "Then that is the point to which we must direct oar attention. But I'm afraid I must ask- you to excuse me. I have an appointment for; 10.30, and I- heard the people come in some minutes ago. Come back this afternoon; for 1-«m deeply interested in this affair of -yours, and I mean to we you through with it." .-- Harold -went off-at once, as a matter of course,'though he was much annoyed that the conversation bad been cut short before Mr. Daunt hacLoSered him a word of advice. But bo felt that he must in the first place herotae '-fOT the time being his own master. He night be sent back to Darnport at any moment, .'and it would not do for him to be hampered in that -way. He went to the Bank, therefore', and told Mr. Bonnington privately that he had discovered the person who had accosed him of negligence, ana had ascertained beyond a doubt that the letter had not been written ingood faith. Mr. Bonnington stared when he heard this, and naturally ~wsnted to know more. Konyon, however, did not feel himself at liberty to go into '-particulars, and the banker had known Kenyon so many years that he.was content to say no more; bat to accept his word for what he had stated. -' Kenyon then begged his old friend to proeuro him leave of absence for three or four ' weeks, assuring him that at that season of the year, Mr. 'Green, the cashier at Darnport, was "perfectly capablo of transacting the small amount of-business which was coming in, and adding that he could not retain his situation unless his'request were granted. Mr. Bonnington was at first little disposed to gtant what he felt was an unreasonable demand. 1 He told Kenyon that he was a fool, that it is easier to resien a poBt than to find a new one, and' so on; but in the end he said good-naturedly that - he could not see him ruined, and that he would manage to send some one to take his place at Darnport for the next three weeks. "I will-never forget your kindness, sir," said-Harold-; "and you may rely on it that . if the—the painful private business I am en- \- gaged in is finished before the three weeks »re"over I will not delay ail hour in returning io'rny plaeeat.Darnport." I". Having rid himself of this obstacle, which might have proved a formidable one, Harold left the Bank. It was then only a quarterpast 11; and he felt that-he could not trouble Mr. Daunt again till after three—nearly four houre to wait. And it seemed to Kenyon that he could not .spend this time better than in ascertaining' whether Beaumont had really •een .Vere on Tuesday evening, or whether Shenstone had lied when be reported that he had ascertained that Beaumont had not been in VeireVoonipany'that night. . So,-without paurinar to reflect, he walked ,«pidly to Mr. Beaumont's office. ' (To be continued to- morrow.) 