CABLEGRAMS. London, Wednesday. Under the Government Navy Estimates for tho year authority is sought for tho ex penditure of £23,778,000. It .is purposed to construct three fresh battleships, four cruisers, four sloops, and also increase the personnel of the navy by 6340 men. -The 'British Minister at Pekin practically confirms Tub Times' report that Russia made a demand for sovereign rights in re gard to Port Arthur and Talienwan Bay also, under a threat of invasion, and re quested railway concessions in Manchuria. The. Japanese Government, are greatly ex cited by this development, and threaten to take vigorous action to prevent the de mands being complied with. The Chinese Minister lit St. Petersberg is carrying on negotiations to bring about a settlement with regard to Russiau requirements. The Berlin Taoaiilatt states that the Chinese Government has leased both Port Arthur and Talienwan Bay for {)!) years. A committee' of the United States House of Representatives unanimously approved' of the New Defence Bill in both Congress and the Senate House. The newspapers affect to regard the defenco votes as a pre caution, not as a menace to Spain. A belief is expressed that the vote will be the means of averting war. President M'Kinley is stated to be taking advantage of tlie unanimity of public opin ion to obtain additions to the naval and military defences, which have been needed for a long time. Despite the sensational preparations made by America, tl\e Spanish Government and populace reinaiu calm. The British Ambassador at Washington is assured that at present President M'Kinley 's sympathy is with Great Britain in the event of any complications. Americans express their gratification at the assurance of moral sup port. Later. Plague riots have occurred in India, and the troops were called out to quell tho dis The Russian Government is employing a number of French steamers to convey troops to the far East. A bettor feeling now exists on the Slock Exchange. A ghost story conies from Tamworth. The settlement ui the Moor Creek cud of the waterworks, about 16 miles from the town, is greatly agitated over the frequent appearance at night ill' the g'tilly alongside the camp of a couple of apparitions. The phantom takes the shape of a women dressed iu white leading by the hand a little child. Several of the water works hands have seen the 'ghosts, anil are positive in declaring that it is a 'genuine one.' 