HETTA. I have no faith in gliosis; although X cannot say with that oft-quoted sceptic that I have seen too many to believe in them. For only once in my life have I seen what w:is called a ghost, and a very childlike, innocent, and pathetic little ghost it was. I was spending a few weeks a t Pallanza, on Lago Maggiore, and on a certain day,a day of showers and sunshine, I was wandering through one of tliose shady, highhedged lanes which skirt the town. Sometimes, through a gateway, I had a glimpse of an old. red-roofed villa, and a garden one tangle of roses. Sometimes a turn of the road revealed the lake, gleaming like a sheet o£ burnished steel; and mountains of a thunderous blue and, portentous nearness, with here a rugged outline blurred by a grey haze of failing rain, and there a long shaft of sunlight kindling ian emerald radiance £^om ihe wet lnlb-slde pastures. As I wandered past meadows and vineyards I present?y heard a plaintive cry, something like the note of a fledgling calling to the parent bird, or was it a oliild. calling;to its playmate? I walked on, listening and wondering; the sound was repeated again and again, .monotonous..unvarying, but indescribably sad. A sudden turn in the lane, and I came to a neglected garden, one muss of verdure, with overshadowing trees, and vines trailing their luxuriant branches on long rank grass. Beside the garden, and fronting the road, stood a new, bare-looking house. A balcony of unpainted wood ran round the upper storey, and on that balcony I saw a little, girl of some ten or twelve 'years, dressed in a blue print frock, her hair hanging in a thick plait with a pale, sweet face smiling faintly, and a wistful glance. Tt was but a mo merit.-ay glimpse, and then she passed quickly round the corner of the house out of sight. This, then was the child T had heard calling, and perhaps the plaintive, bird-like note meant Cui! euii (Here', here!) But to whom was she calling? The lane was solitary, the garden was deserted, no one was visible anywhere. As I passed the house 1 saw in amazement that the lower story was in ruins, the sordid ruin of a building falling into decay before it was finished. The windows were, staring, empty holes, like the eyeholes of a skull; through them I could see that the w;ills were rough unplastered stone, the floor was only earth, and beside the vacant chasm which served as doorway there was a heap of mortar, and some dusty wooden planKs, Lht- remains of scaffolding. All the windows of the upper storey which I eould see from the road were muffled with shutters of wood, which had nev«r 5>eeii painted, and which were already falling into decay. A.s f looked at that forlorn, unfinished house, a vague dread chilled me. What was That child doing there? NO waif or stray or beggar's brat was she. with her dainty blue cotton froek and shining braided hair. Could it be possible that she was alone in the house, and that she was calling for help? But instead of appealing to me as I gazed up :it her she had slipped away and vanished round the balcony with a shamefaced smile. I stood per]>lexed. my heart sinking with an unaccountable dismay: when all at once I heard the whirring of a sewingmachine somewhere in the upper rooms. The homely, prosaic sound brought relief to my troubled mind, and assured that the house was really inhabited, and that some woiiim:. probably the child's mother, was there, 1 wont on my way. But I. could not forger the little incident. and a. day or two afterwards, as 1 was calling upon a friend—an Italian lady who lived in a villa near th•» lake— I described to her the unfinished house 'standing in the lonely lane. '-Who is living there?"' was my first inquiry. "No one; the housr- empty." was the unexpected reply. • But the child—-I saw u child tb.-re on the balcony!" " Ah. the child"—my friend repeated with a strange, suddenly serious look. •You saw the child, then? Yes. I know many people hav e seen her." \- What can you mean?" 1 cried: and my henrt began to beat fast, l ; .;. L - i,>_,k an2 t->n* were so mysterious. "You liavo nji hearj the story, then, j of poor little Netta Fanconi? No? Then ! I'jwill teil.it to you, cara mia." 'i-j, | My friend. Donna Maria Cipiiani, settled herself gracefully in her armchair, aivi 1 Hsiened breathlessly for her ex- 7:'la nation. "Neita's mother, was dead, and her father married again. Then he died, too. and Neita. the only child, was left t<j the care oC her stepmother. She was a very honest, hard-working, but unsympathetic woman:' she was not brulal. Netia. was not ill-fed, and. she was always neatly dressed; but the stepmother did not understand that a child \v.\\-hs more than mere food and clothing. The man, Fanconi. began to build the house, you saw, but he died in debt, and there was no money to finish it. The widow used to go to work at One of the silk factories at Intra, and all day long Nc-tta was left in the house a]one. with a task of needlework to do. for they H ied to'earn a few soldi in-that way as well, and the little girl had been taught to work the sewing-machine, which had been bought in the days when thev were better off." -"Yes; and the sewing-machine is in the house now: I heard it"—so I interposed, for 1 was determined to cling to the prosaic fnets of my story, and not to have explained away everything I could vouch for with my own eyes and ears. "Ah. so you think," Donna Maria answered in her soft voice, and a little gesture of her white hands. "But, indeed. the house is empty—absolutely empty. Let me tell you the -est of the d'tJoi-ou? little history. Kettr.t was left day afier day and all day long in thai, solitary, half-ruined house—alone day after day till the child's heart began to bre.-ik. She would stand on the balcony calling, calling for someone, anyone. io come to her in her unbearable loneliness : and then if anyone did pass by.'so timid was she, that she would shrink away indoors, and go back to her ta,sk on that cruel machine, which was too heavy for her little hands and feet. And yet peHiaps the sound-of the machine made the silence of the house seem less dreadful to her." Donna Maria paused a moment. I think I shivered a little ; I was beginning to be conscious why I had been oppressed by such intense sadness when I passed the deserted house. "One winter evening." my friend resumed, "the stepmother returned from her work at the factory, and there she found Neita lying on the floor in the dark, cold and dead, with a smile on her little white face. The Blessed Saints had heard Metta calling, and had come for Iter. Then the woman was nearly frantic. She wrung her hands and tore her 3i--iir. but all iter remorse would not bring Netta back again. And then people who had never interfered v. 7 hile there was time to save the child, w,ho had cried to heaven and earth for pity, now had no words hard enough for the stepmother. So. reviled by everyone, she fled from Pallanza, nobody knows whither. Her poor odds and ends of furniture were seized to pay her debts, but no one will live in the house; it stands, empty, and going to decay. And still they say the child is her.rd calling; an«:l people have even seen her on the balcony, a pale sorrowful little phantom. I have never seen her or heard her myself. But r know tliat what I am telling you is true." And Donna Maria's voice sank in silence, and her dark eyes had a mournful, far-away gaze in them. I was leaving Pallanza the following day, and never again have I been able to visit that house of tragic memories. But 1 have often thought sin.ee of Netta Fanconi—the bird-like call, "Cui! cui!" the sweet little wistful face and childish figure flitting, elusive, a half-seen vision, on the balcony of the shuttered, vacant house. I do not believe in ghosts, as 1 said, before. But who can tell but that, by some mysterious and as yet undiscovered law of nature, the anguish of a sensitive, tortured being- may linger like :in atmosphere round the scene of its sufferings, and may Impress itself upon the consciousness of even those -who are strangers to its history ?— • Westminster Budget." 