?^?jjpp;jaisE ? - ? ~ — *~^ — ' '? ?'?? 1 A -RETURN-ED BARLINGITE INTERVIEWED. A WORD OF WARNING. A promiilent resident of Wentwbrth, N.S.W., who has spent several months in West Australia -and just returned, has been interviewed by an 'Evening News' correspondent, who asked him his impressions of the Golden West. 'Were you in many parts of West Australia?' 'Yes. r That Is to «ay Fremantle, Perth, Cool saruie, ana is.aigooriie. 'What do you think of the country? Is it the working man's paradise— the El Dorado repre sented?' . ' 'No, decidedly not. In ? my opinion, and the opinion, of numbers more, who cannot get away ?for want of the means, the country is a delusion j and a snare to thousands who have proceeded I thither in the hope of bettering their position, be cause it is hard to obtain employment unless one has friends in ccart. There are few industries, and mining is not to,be relied upon. Of course, thousands have obtained, and are in employment, some of these ddine -iairly well; but when one comes to consider tbe cost of board and lodgings on the gold fields, the absence of home comforts, and. the uncertainty of employment continuing, combined with the liability to attack by fever and other ailments flesh is heir to, sooner or later, the worker in New South Wales is eminently bet ter off, even if he earns only a third of the wages paid on the fields'.' 'What is the state of the labor market?' 'Simply glutted. There are everywhere hordes of unemployed, and without any prospects of ob taining employment' 'How dp these men live?' ? 'To me that is a mystery. Many of them live in tents, or camp with friends, who in all proba bility assist them, as far as possible.' 'Then-you would not recommend working men and artisans to leave a colony like New South Wales to proceed west?' 'Certainly not, unless before leaving they, have a prospect of good employment.' 'What class predominates mostly among the unemployed?' 'All classes — miners, laborers, masons, carpen ters, and professional men. Only the miners have a ghost of, a chance. I mean the skilled miners, such men as are able to systematically take up the work of prospecting and general min ing work. Lots of men who have never seen a gold mine in their lives arrive on tne fields and imagine that they ^ave^only to' set out as dry blowers to earn tiieir living; but they very soon have their illusions dispelled, and find the game not worth the candle or energy expended.' 'But don't boarding-house keeping pay?' 'Generally, no. That is if I might judge how quickly many who open establishments of the kind mentioned soon have to close up. The high rents and bad pay bring about this climax. I may also tell you that in all branches of trade everything is overdone, and the cry of bad times is heard daily in every direction. The boom days are over. Even the newspapers find it dif ficult to exist, and there are some excellent jour nals published on the gold fields, written by tal ented men, and published 'by enterprising indi viduals, companies, or syndicates.' 'Are the residents enterprising.?' 'Very. I refer to business men. But many have been loomed to disappointment, their losses being immense.' 'What is the best line of business?' 'Keeping a pub., to answer you in common parlance. The quantity of ' beer, wines, and EDirits consumed is larere. (in thbro AYnwImoo a Coolgardie or Kalgoorlie, or Boulder, thirst, and you must drink something. It is not safe to drink water. Hence you will comprehend how it is that hotel- keeping is a veritable gold mine to the man who can procure a suitable house and get a licence for it. There are many magnifi cent hotels on the fields, -and admirably conduct ed.' \- 'What, is your opinion of Perth?' ? 'It flourishes upon the great number of new arrivals. It is, undoubtedly, a fine city, and growing rapidly; but there are no sanitary pro visions, and sooner or later it will prove a veri table deathtrap. I spent some time there, and learnt much during my sojourn. People largely let beds at prices varying from 4s to 10s per weejt, and as many beds or wire stretchers as can be fixed up In a room are placed in it and easily let to people who rush to the city from 'tother side,' as these colonies are termed. Many new arrivals haunt the various Government depart ments in the hope of obtaining a Government billet, but as retrenchment is the order of the day, the prospects of securing genteel occupa tions is not assuring. Perth is lively and full of bustle, and so is Fremantle; but in these plac es also the high rents charged prohibit new com ers from making successes.' 'Then you think the steady-going customs of these colonies the best?' 'I am confident of it. And I do not speak: through any feeling of disappointment, because I held a very fair position — one I can return to any day — and could save money in the west. But there is no real comfort; the climate is extreme ly hot and unpleasant during the long summer months, and the fever rampant.' 'Do you intend returning?' 'No. And my advice to all Is to 'bear the ills they have than fly to those they wot not of.' Life is worth living here. It is not in the Golden ?West, wnere trade is dull, mining uncertain, thousands are unemployed, and wages are being cut down in many directions. These are incon trovertible facts which should be borne in mind by those who have cast longing eyes westward ho.' ? 