Terrible Burning Accident. A SYDNEY MAN PALLS ON & HOT STEAM PIPE TJ A BATH. HIS FLESH AOBEREn TO THE PIPE LIKE A STEAK TO A FRYING PAN. AN AWFUL SIGHT. While in a bath in Pitt-Btreet, a Mr. I larvis had tho misfortune to slip and fall -ii tho hot wafer pipes, and before ho :-mld bo reacueii he was scalded and burnt in a terrible way. Tho shock of the ou ril- ing and the fall proved to be very dis astrous for Mr. jarvis, and for a num'our of years after ho was a cmiQvnied invalid, Buffering terribly from locomotor ataxia and other forms of paralytis. A few months ago, however, reports began to bo circulated in tne neiguooriiooa mat i»ir. Jarvis was getting round again, and that lie had had a most marvellous recovery from this apparently incurable ma'ady. It was on account of those rumors that a special reporter from the Sjdtoy '? Worker' was despatched to get all in formation regarding same, and otie after, he made his way to his house, 45 Crotvn lana, Ultimo. Mr. Thos. Jarvis was dis covered nursing a tw» -year-old baby, and his face declared Kim ono of the happiest men in Sydney. Ho was up and about and able to answer tlie knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still a few ''marks of a critical illness and a period of pain, it was very clear that lie was au in valid no more. In reply to the preliminary questions he Baid ' You want to know all about my cms ? Well, I am «lad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be. of value co those who are stricken as I was.' ' How long were you suffering 1 ' ' Well, twelve months ago I got so barl that I had to leave off work, and I have dwie nothing since then. About fivo years ago next Christmas 1 met with an accident ; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pict-stroet, Sydney. Since the accident 1 have been in failing health, aud after four years of gradual development of tlie malady, I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island.' ' What were the symptoms'?' 'Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just about a3 much as I could bear. They wero for all the world like as : if a saw wore cutting my jboues in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowelB or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incess antly Bhivering and shaking, and ? eo'.ild neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor, and ho told me that my cast* was utterly hopeless. However, he gave ine an order to the Director of Charitable Institu tions.' ' Did yoa make use of tho order - 'No; I came home and went to bed, and have been prrtty wel' in b''d ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across tbn floor ; in fact, I could not get out of le d I felt thfcii ' that it was all over with nie, and only a question of days when I would give tip th* ghost. My doctor was attend ing me, aud did all he could, by opium aud morphia pills, to ease the agony 1 was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion j that I was suffering from locomotor ataxy, a disease of tho spinal chord, characterized by peculiar disturbance of gait, and difficulty ia co-ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last fcr ten years, and that I might never get the use. of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opihion is not mfa'libl-.) Well, just a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea con veyed by the advertisement describing tho euro effected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the Australian Workman, by Dr. Williams xriiJK. jrine iur xuiw I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I . deter- mined to give the-pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as if was magical. ? I . ' was able to eat and sleep as though no thing was the matter witlrme. ; It was the first appetite and rest I :had/ for many a day. It was incrediblo. ? ' -I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. You see tlitfse,_ crutches there J They are perfectly1' new, and I have never used tnem. They were made for me before I got Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, but I was too weak, to Use' them, and now I don c want mem. 'He is 100 per cent better,' said Mrs. Jarvi-), who had come ? in and taken the baby on her knes3. . ' The Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People have saved hi3 life, aud uiadvi another man of him.' A friend who called in at this point said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than lie did a ^ fort night previous. 'I can now, 'Vcptilinued; Jarvis,. ' have a cold -bath, and, all the feeling has coraetback into my legs. 'I ascribe :all.thfl change and benefit-to Dr. Wil liams' Pink .Pills. They have saved niy life. -I am in no pain now, what ever, and feol like a new man. Ou the mantlepioce there is a box of opium atid morphia pills which tha doctor gavp me to deaden the excruciating ?jHuii, - ? uub vau owj wimic a^e, for I no longer need them. Every body who knows me has been amazed j at the cha*ige in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about a?nm has caused quite a sensation out here.' buuli is this remarkable History, and it confirms what is caul in all the chief news papers of this country of the astonishing euros .wrought by Dr. Williams' fink -Pills for Pale People. They euro locomotor ataxy,' partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the mmy disorders which arise from.an im poverished state of the. ? bloo.1, such as; anieij'iia, pale' and .sallow com plexion, general muscular weakness, in digestion, loss of appetite, shortness of ? breath, pains in the back, nervous' head ache, etc. '? Mr. J. S. T. M'Gowon,' leader of the Labor Party in l:heN. fc. W. Legislative As sembly, was' seen bv ouc. i eporter in connec tion wilh the remarkable ease of Thomas Jarvii. .Mr.- M'Gowon savs he has known Jarvis fr«ra infanov. fie 'also knew- -that he had to give up iiis work at- (UhVi Wand a but toils twelve, months ago- owing to a malady whieli he developed. _ He after wards heard that Jam was bed-ridden, and that there was little chance of his recovery. Ho understood Jarvis was refused admission ' to isydnay Hospital, as his case had been pronounced incurable. Mr. M'Gowen, was therefore, like everyone else who knew- the facts, astouuded ufc the complete rccoveiy of Jai -iB. ? These wonderful pills are obtainable from leading chemists, or from the I)r. Williams' Medicine Co., Queen's Place, Sydney, whe will forward ('pest paid) on receipt of stamps Or post order, one box for !2s 5d., or half-dozen for ]5s lid. See that the genuine ]-r. W illianiB' are gotten. 