Which is the Worst ? Mr. G. R. Suns wno, under the nom de plume of " Dagoner," contributes a couple of columns each week entitled '• Mustard and Cress " to the London "Referee"-—the parent paper of several others of similar name—wrote as follows on New Year's Day :— Even the uewlv wed and the newly dead are, according to old proverbs, dependent upon the weather for the desired condition. " Happy is the bride that the sun shines on." "Happy are the dead that the rain raina on." I don't know if the weather has anything to do with the happiness of brides and corpses, never having been one or the other, but I am quite certain that the weather lias a good deal to do with the question so far as ordinary mortals are con cerned. I will defy Mark Taplev to raise even a ghost of a smile after a week of such weather as we have just experienced. And it is because I live in a Slough of Despond, where even the ducks have bronchitis and the frogs die of rheumatism, that the Happy New Year business comes home to me with a flash-light vividness that gives it entirely away. If anybody really wishes me a Happy New Year there is only one thing for him to do—and that is, to pay my ex panses for a three months' trip to the sun shine. How ean any man be happy who lias to work day and night where toadstools grow on his front doorstep, house lichens on his roof, and a soot-black rain drops steadily from shivering trees that wave their ghostly branches in a wailing 'wind ? The compiler of '■ Notes and Com ments," the daily digest of odds and ends appearing in the " Coolgardie Miner," wrote thusly in a recent i s ie : — Somehow we fancy the people on this con tinent do not pray sufficiently. If they do, the person they pray to has a queer way of rewarding them. We never seem to go along easily—either it is sunning hard enough to cave the top of your head off, or else down pours the rain and drowns a few people out of hand. The heat has been so intense that forests which have withstood the weather of centuries in Victoria, Tas mania, and New Zealand, have been con sumed like so much tissue paper, while the people of Queensland have hard work to save being washed away by flood. The greatest extreme, however, was in Broken Hill, where on Tuesday la-st the thermome ter stood at 116deg. in the shade, while on Thursday the rain fell in such torrents that half-a-mile of the railway was washed away and many trains had to be cancelled. A country capable of such extremes will never he peopled by an equable population. After reading reports of such plea sant atmospheric and climatic perform ances it is a difficult matter to decide [ " which is the worst" country to live in ' —England or Australia. 