JIMMY THE DEVIL. I A STOBT OF LOMAX YITI. BY T. H. PBITCHABD (Melbourne Leader.) . It was an awful experience. Timi Farini'alife had passed in con- flict with the wind and wave, storm and tempest afloat, and danger to him waa a familiar acquaintance. In wild warfare ashore he had also frequently taken his part aa a combatant in the bloody feuds between hia native kin- folk and their tribal enemies. Thia had taught him to tell by experience the heavy "hum" of a tower musket ball fi om the sharp vicious " ping " of a rifle bullet, or the waspish "whiz" with which a revolver pellet sings past your ear. r He had stood to it with the fore- most when with a wild rush and wilder yell, the naked, painted tribesmen came swarming over the fighting fence, while battle axe and club were making havoo in the front line of stormers and defenders, and the murderous knife was settling all accounts at close quarters. He had finished the fight ana joined in the savage orgy round the ghastly heap of beads, with their glazed eyes and livid lips, aa, freshly severed from the bodies of the slain, they were \- piled up for presentation to the chief of the victorious party. . In these and other circumstances he had stood his chance of being " wiped out " a score of times, and had come through it all with dauntless heart and nerves unshaken. But, daredevil as he was, his face never wholly lost the ashen greyness of its sallow skin, his voice the subdued "solemnity of " tone, and his eyes the haunted, far- away, half-dreamy look they wore after they had passed through that terrible ordeal. It was'the face of one who had not merely stood front to front with death, but had kept close company with him through a bell - pf waters, with the terrors of the great deep below and . the " fierce conflict of the elements shutting out the sombre vault above, waiting, dreading, yet almost longing hour after hour, for the instant when it should please the .grim spectre to seize upon his prey. It. was a . voice awe-stricken into solemnity by that long silent tete-a tete during which he had died a thousand deaths, and it was the ey CB of one; who had been "compelled fixedly and continuously to contem- plate the. mysteries that , lie beyond the veil, and whose gaze could never ' after be completely withdrawn. I have seen that' same look on the face and in the eyes of a man con- demned by court martial to be shot, and reprieved when the rifle barrels of the platoon detailed for his execu- tion were already levelled at his heart. He, too, had consciously bidden fare . well to earth, sea and sky ; had;looked for the. last time on the sun ; had 1 peered into the great hereafter, and had come back from the Valley of the Shadow with the record stamped upon his features that would leave them nevermore. Yet even in that ense its characteristics were less strongly marked, and therefore less impressive. Timi Purini, anglice Jimmy Bourne, otherwise and better known as "Jimmy . the Devil, was a half-caste Samoan, short, but thick set, with eyes and arms of enormous strength, and the torae of a stunted Hercules. Like most of his insular people, he waa a sailor, slow-and-go-easy in 'tempera- ment when. nót^ roused to action, but energetic enough' when ?; energy was demanded. He bad a sailor's readiness of resource, and.was so expert in the water as to be almost amphibious. Except, perhaps, the Line Islanders, . no people are better swimmers than ' the; Samoans. J*A. favorite pastime' with the children and young folks is to swim out through the surf with , a short slab' of wood, diving like dab chicks under the curling breakers that threaten to overwhelm them as they come thundering ' shoreward. The dive is repeated till they get to the outermost Burf wave; then placing the chest on the slab, they ride in on the great white crested rollers, laughing with wild delight in the excitement of the boisterous sport, as the. boiling, seething, sparkling surge carries them into shoal water. Due partly to this and similar amusements," the Samoans are almost -, as much at home in the water as on the land, and even among these people Jimmy was so famous for his staying power that it was a common joké to declare be was finned, like a fish, or webbed like a duck. . But to our story. In March, 1886, * Jimmy was master of the Korotuba, a 28-ton cutter, trading with half a dozen bonds in the Fiji group. It ' was the hurricane season, about the period of the vernal equinox, . when the South Pacific is always liable to violent atmospheric disturbances, which frequently take the form of cyclones, or rotary storms, fierce ns \- the typhoon of tho China Sens, and \- devastating as the tornado of the'West Indies. - . The month had come in gloomy and threatening. On the 2nd the glass was falling, and nearly all the craft in Levuka harbour, Island of. Ovalau, which, but for its sea reef, .would be little better than an open roadstead, had taken shelter at Naikorokoro, an indentation of the shore two or three miles down coast. ;. ?Here they were protected from the north, the quarter whence the hurri- cane was wont to swoop down, by a high, bold bluff, which had frequently before afforded sufficient shelter in ' such emergencies. From the southward, however, there was - no such protection ; but as the "blow' generally began in the north, and, working! round through west, which gave the anchorage the protec- tion .of the high mountainous land, blew itself out in the south, no mis- givings were felt for the safety of the . little fleet. Lying in the bay were fifteen vessels, of different tonnage, the largest being the fore and aft schooner Patience, in charge of a grizzled old island skipper Captain Jones. The top masts had been Bent down on board all the boats, the loose hamper made fast, and every- thing was taut and snug for the expected gale. Steadily the glass went down, and angrily the wind and rain squalls fitfully swept over the leaden waters, veering about from all points of the compass, as if uncertain how to commence the attack, or on which quarter first to strike the sheltering fleet. Still the glass went down, and by the afternoon of the 3rd so ominous had become the general outlook that two- thirds of the vessels picked up anchor and ran round to the safer shelter of Fort Kinnaird, at the back of the island. Jimmy took a sharp look at his holding gear, and, noticing- how lightly and gracefully the cutter rode to the strain, decided to hang on. So did old Captain Jones in the Patience, ribing with "two anchors down a few cable lengths to the southward. , Throughout the night the Bigns of the coming tempest increased. The heavy, veering squalls became more frequent and violent, while the lulls between them ? were marked by a sullen, - oppressive ~ calm, in which there was. a' hollow sough and a distant subdued roar as of mighty legions marshalling for battle in the upper fields of air. * One could almost distinguish the thunderous tread of the cloudshaking battalions, and hear the rush oE the aerial squadrons as .they wheeled into position. When the grey morning broke through the stormwrack of the eastern sky, the glass stood at 2840 deg. The calm lulls bung above the confused waters, heavy as a funeral pall. The white capped . waves, as they went racing astern, seemed "fleeing from the wrath to come, while with the growing light the angry flash of,the surf-break on the Bea roof became more clearly visible. On board the boats grave anxious faces were turned to the morning sky, though brave hearts and strong hands were nerved by the coming conflict. : Suddenly, with the \ rush of an avalanche, and the roar of a thousand cataracts, . the : hurricane was upon them, and, ' great" God I Not from the bluff defended: north, but from the shelterless south.. . . There was the triumphant yell of a million malignant storm fiends in the charging cry of tho tempest as it burst in all its fury, carrying havoc in its course and leaving ;? desolation behind. : ' . ' ? . . With the shriek and scream of the wind the sea rose, but the very violence of the tempest helped by its pressure to keep, it down, for'the wave-crests were. chopped off and carried in driving spray that produced -the effect of a heavy mist, hiding everything ' at a distance, and half obscuring objects closer at hand. - The voice could only be heard by shouting in the ear of the person addressed, and aa Jimmy held on to tho stays, .with .Tauli, his Tongan mate, beside him, he knew thore - was nothing for it but to hang on and pray, if he never prayed before, that his holding gear might not come home. . Dimly two objects grew out of the haeo, and became. more and more distinct as - they helplessly drifted shoreward. ~ . ' "lhere go tho Marica and Marama/' shouted Jimmy to Tauli. : "Dragged and parted," jerked' back Tauli. '. " " '' Lucky they were anohored well to the southward," came back the reply. " They'll stand a chance to eaten the beach, but under this bluff its hold on or split to matchwood." "Baica! Bacía I Tauli, look, what's this?" as the loom of a big vessel came through the drifting _aea spume. "lt's the Patience parted both chains, and coming down on top of us!" - t In another minute the collision, came. There was a sharp shock, a crash of bulwarks, and then both véasela were away. The added weight had parted the Korotuba'B chain, and the two, locked together, were drifting down on the bluff. " Up head sail, Jimmy, and run. No help for it," shouted old Jones through.the howl of the storm, as he stood bareheaded and spray drenched on the rail, hanging on by the stay, while he directed the men who were cutting the vessels apart. "Aye, aye! Bun up your own and follow." The jib was set, but in a moment, blew away like a sheet of tissue paper, it had disappeared in the scud. The reefed staysail held bettor, and the cutter drew clear, ! ? Up went the staysail on , tho Patience, and she followed in her wake. . It was touch and go with the point of the shore reef lying off the bluff, but that passed both vessels were now racing down tho'harbor beforo the tempest, the shore on the port Bide of the sea reef with its narrow passages on the starboard hand. If one of these passages could bo negotiated, the comparatively open sea would give a better chance of escape ; but those who remember with what difficulty Captain Kano in H.M.S. Calliope, steamed out of Apia Harbor, just throe years lator, in the teeth of such a hurricane, when the German men of war . Ebor, Olga and Adler, and the American cruisers Vandalia, Triton and Nipsic, with every other vessel lying in the port, were driven on Bhore or Bank at their anchors,. entailing the loss of 150 lives,''will understand what chance small craft 'that could only show reefed Btnysails had of hauling on the wind to execute such a manouvre. Yet it must be this or break up pu tho reefs lying' off tho north end of Ovalau. By this time tho scene WOB grand and awful beyond adequate descrip- tion. The Btortn blasts hurtled through the air with . deafening violence, screaming and shrieking through the cordage ns though all the tortured' demons from the nethermost hell were abroad on the wings of the wind. A nimbus atmosphere had been produced which confused and obliterated the distinction between sea, air and Bky, making the whol0 one wild tempestuous blur, through j which the vessels flittered like storm | borne phantoms. The hollow roar of j the reef thundered even through the shrieking of the wind, while its angry ' break gleamed through the drift as the surf swept in towards the harbor , space with the million fold magnified hiss of enraged serpents. Por the boats there was safety nowhere. The little cutter Nautilus, which had broken away with the first strain, lay helpless at the mercy of wind and wave, and as the - Korotuba Bwept paBt she sunk stern first. The Bukeleva, another break away, got broadside on, capsized and went down with all hands. Several had Bunk at their anchors, and every avenue of escape seemed closed for those yet afloat. The Patience was still in view 'from the deck of the Korotuba as the latter raced past the Levuka passage. "I believe he's going to try it," roared Jimmy to Tauli, as he watched the schooner. "Yes, he's edging' into the wind. There he goes. God help him." The result. was not long in doubt. As the schooner hauled up in the jawB of the passage, one fierce gUBt carried the staysail like a shred to leeward. The next dashed the vessel on the point of the reef, where she was pounded to pieces by the heavy breakers as an egg shell might be brayed by mortar, and the drowning cry, of captain and crew was lost in the roar of the hurricane. The Korotuba had by this time vanished in the scud, , but was still running- before the tempest. The next opening was the Waitovu Pas- sage, and this Jimmy determined to try, but as, with two mon steering, he brought the cutter's head round, the tiller snapped Bhort off at ' the rudder head, and she again fell away before the storm. ?Fortunately the water was clear to leeward, and, getting up some axes from below, two were driven borneas deeply as possible in the rudder head to make a temporary tiller. The third chance was at tho Cawaci Passage, and, desperate as it was, it must be essayed,, but at the critica) moment the axes Blipped, and as the big sea struck her which dashed the cutter > on the reef, it swept Jimmy and Tauli from the deck, and the re- flux carried them over the outer edge into deep water. To dire and escape the chance of being dashed bock was the work of an instant, and when he roBe again Jimmy found Tauli by his side." : An- other dive carried them farther out, and as they again came up they saw the cutter swept off the ledge and sucked right under its mushroom top. The current, hero helped" to carry, them seaward, and the storm wrack, settling round and over them, shut out all but the little circle in which they swam. Effort in any particular direction was futile ; it was but to keep afloat and drift with wind and swell. Hour after hour so passed, and through the howling tempest that still raged no sign was visible of the direction in which they were being carried. The clouds were low down overhead, shutting out sun and, sky, and the blinding drift was over them like a pall. They swam in silence, with an occasional word of mutual encourngè ment. Sometimes the great waves towered over them, and their dull green circling crests threatened - a speedy end to the hopeless struggle. Sometimes they were borne aloft like fragments of seaweed, only to be ear ried down with the mighty rollers. Sometimes they were like flies ding- ing to the side of a great aqueous wall, and every now and again big sea birds, with cruel eyes and threatening beaks, swept past them with a harsh scream as of exaltation in their des- pair. Jimmy feared most for his eyes, and knew that after their attack blindness .must be fast followed by death. Still they fought on, and still brief words of encouragement passed, till a sharp exclamation from Jimmy told that a third swimmer had joined their company. ' Jesu, Tauli : Na Qio," was hi» startled cry, and as the grey body of the shark rose between them the men shuddered with the new. horror added to the situation. Had the encounter taken place under' more favourable, conditions, with the trusty knifo in his grip Jimmy would have fought and beaten the tiger of the sea in its own ele- ments. But here, in the midst of this tempest, shut in by the curtains of, the hurricane, bare-handed and battling for life against the elements, the position was horrible. . Still the hours went by ; still the tempest raged; still the men swam on ; and Btill the grey terror by their side most strangely kept them company* Sometimes it disappeared for a while, and seemed to have taken its leave, and again it would rise so close that they repeatedly kicked it with their feet. Yet to. their astonishment it had refrained from* attack, as though, like its forest congenors, forced by flood or fire into human company, it paid respect to the power of nature by observing during its manifestation the "Truce of God." But with the lapse of hours and the abiding horror of that grisly com- panionship Taulis's strength began to "give way. It 'was about 10 o'clock in the morning when the cutter struck, and the decreasing light now indicated tho Bwif tly coming night. Jimmy himself was fagging with fatigue, horror and despair, when through the storm wraith, now less dense, gleamed the white beak of an adjacent reef. " We must go'for it, Tauli. I don't know where we, are, or whether it will be life or death ; but it can't be worse than this,"'said . Jimmy, in hollow tones. . " Yes,"--came the gasping reply, "but my death is fdr to-day." "Who knows," was the response. "Swim for it. Kick the brute. .Remember the third swell." Among the islands, men who have to face tho dangers of their coral barriers know that the shoreward swell rises to its fullest power and volume of a triad Bea. The third is therefore always looked for as that on which to take the reef. " Wait, wait," said Jimmy, giving the time as they fronted the wave lashed barrier, on which the Bea foam fell to all seeming white and soft as carded wool, though in reality hard and cruel aa death. " Now, Tauli j now ;" and with his still remaining strength Jimmy went in on the top of the roller, to - be cast cut and bleeding on the reef tabletop. , But Tauli. Where was he? He had made] his effort at the same time, but less vigorously. The swell had rolled from him before he reached the reef, and instead of casting bim on the top [jit had hurled him against those cruel jagged edges, to strike which.is to die. , : Jimmy, who had staggered to his feet, gazed with air his heart in his eyes at the spot where his mate had been sucked under the reef crest. Before the next roller came in he saw a wild struggle beneath the surface, in ? which, bronze and groy were hor- ribly confused. There was visible for a moment above the wa^er the gleam of a black dorsal fin, and when the next wave broke on the reef crest it WOB red with blood. The. tide waa falling, and despite the hurricane still blowing, there was rest to be got in the shoal water on the reef top, awash at low tide. Then, ns the flow came in, the . swimmer committed himself to tho water on the smoother land Bide of the break, and swam on through the night. ". It was 4t o'clock in the morning when, the loom of land could be seen through the darkness, and half an hour later the swell carried the man so strangely preserved high upon a Bandy beach. There he slept, and, with gaunt, hollow cheeks, and lack lustre eyes, presented himself next morning at the door of-a native house on the islet of Mokodraga'. ' Jimmy had been 18 hours in the stormswept sea, and had been cast up 14 miles from tho point on which the cutter struck. Gradually rest and caro restored him to his former Bel f, but out of "Jimmy the Devil" tho dare-devil had departed. - The iron nerve was shattered, the reckless spirit subdued, and-the man waB thenceforward as one who had come back to earth from a sojourn in the land of ghosts. Tyson was not the hurd man he is represented to be in most of the " Travellers' " tales, but he hated to bo "had," even for a pannikin of " damper dust." On one occasion, a young fellow, one, of a band of shearers, undertook for a wager the task of touching tho squatter's heart, and '' made up for the occasion into a famished-looking dead-beat. But the " Make-up" must have been too obvious, for tho suppliant returned to the camp empty handed. , " Wouldn't give me a mouthful, although I swore I was starving,", said the shearer. "Then I said I would die in his garden." "Good I" ejaculated one of the party. " What did he do ? then ?" " He went away, and carno back in about a minute ' with a shovel. ' What's thia for?' said I. 'To dig a holo for ye to die. in,'.said he, ' 'twill save mo the trouble o' buryin' ye.' " 'In somo porte of California may bs seen giant mowing machines which out a strip of whoat SO fcoti wide. ' It is said that tho average dcath-roto in European Rásela ls 68 per cont, higher than in England. This mtans that, roughly speaking, threo Englishmen llvo os long as, flvo Russians. 