FOR LOVE OF MARJORIE. CHAPTER XXXVII. The tin wns n liiiuuto's silence. They could not see each other's faces, but Lady Rona's eyes glowed fiercely in the darkness. ' Let us suppose,' she said at length, ' That 1 refused to accede to your de mands. What would be your nlterna i:..„ o' . ' Yon dare not refuse !' Ccmyns re plied conteiiiptuously. ' But, my lady, is this not a waste of time — this aimless fencing? ..Wo ure enemies — sworn foes — but I think I aui the better armed of tlie two. I cannot disguise the fact that 1 detest you, and it is entirely your own fault. I glory in uiy power over you, but, for my own sake, I shall be cautious in my employment of that power. I have no- intention of wrecking my own happiness, unless your edifice topples down upon the ruins of mine ! Comply with tlie terms of uiy letter, and for the present I shall be satisfied. If you re fuse your ruin is complete, while I still have a chance.' He ended with a savage laugh, adding brutally, ' I am growing tired of this useless talk, Lady Rona. Tho money, if you please !' '? I am trying to realise the full extent of your threats !' she retorted. ' I want to reduce the matter to a business basis. You admit that you hate me ; well, I may tell you that I simply loathe you — con- temptible coward that you are ! I am not so- utterly blinded by uiy ambition that I do not shrink from seeing poor Marjorie wedded to a creature so unman ly and despicable as you are. I refuse to treat with you, John Comyns ; and, rather than be in your power, I will lay bare the whole truth to the Duke of Ar \- madalo' at once ! Now begone, and do your worst !' There- was a moment's silence, then a frenzied shriek escaped him. 'Curse you — no! 1 will kill you ' first L' Tlie click of a revolver followed, and Comvns reeled backwards, clutching at the air. Tho bullet had pierced his brain. He was dead ! Lady Rona stood silent and horrified. An owl uttered a low mournful cry that seemed to chill her very blood ; the night wiud sobbed in the trees. Was' this murder ? No, no — a thousand times no ! She had acted purely in self-defence. Corny n's savage tones, his fiercely-blazing . eyes had frightened her. Had lie not declared his undying hatred — that lie was her bitterest foe 1 And now he was dead at her feet ! A groan rose to liar lips, but she re pressed it. She could see the dim out line of the dark still form, the gleam of i the white face. It was horrible to bo alone- with tlie dead — alone in the Monk's i WolkL Was her enemy dead? She dropped the revolver and bent over liitxi. ,| She passed her soft white hand over his i heart.: It was still. There was not. a ! throb, not a tremor. Life for him was at'aivend for ever. Her fingers touched j a thick pocket-book ; she grasped it, j tightly..- She had written several letters to him since he had become her master. Perhaps- they were there ; it so, they must be destroyed. Need the story ever bo told ? Need she ever be connected with this-ei'iliie ? Until that awful night iio one,.- she believed, had entered - the. Monk's Walk' for years— no one need enter it again. At another time the body could he disposed of ; there was the lake. ? Thus her thoughts ran, and she mar velled at her own coolness. A lurid flash of lightning burst from the inky clouds and illumined the face of the dead man. She saw that one of her hands was stained with blood, and nearly swooned. .Clutching.' the pocket-book tightly, she sped away,, not pausing until she sank weak and breathless upon the library' couch. She. buried her face in the cushions,, and trembled with terror. ? The- French windows were open, and the ; lamp flickered : and cast grotesque shadows upon the Veiling and the walls. At length. Lady Rona raised her head,. aud, ; by. a: Violent effort, collected her lhougfits^i''W'hatv'had'',s!ie to fear ? Nothing. ' John Comyns was dead.' but it was no fault of liers.' He had attenipt -»d'her life : .she had;seen madness in his ' gleaming eyes. She felt that Heaven would hold her soilness. A strong gust of wind blew -out-the . light the trees groaned as though in . human agony. Lady Rona closed the . French window, the pocket-hook still 111 her hand. Then, like a shadow, she left (he library and glided up-stairs to her own room. Her face was ghastly white, her black hair dishevelled. She recoiled at sight of her own reflection in a mir ror, and a cry of fear escaped her pallid lips. She heard someone at the dour. It was her maid, and she clutched at a chair for support. ? . .^vDid you call,v my Jady;? ' the maid 1 asked. :. - I ? ; Ho tv ridiculous- you. are, Bar ton ! 'Lady- Rona, laughed harshly. How fortunate it was tliat she had turned the key in the door ! ' i: ? ' I am .sorry, my lady,' Barton -re- plied, apologetically ; but I . fancicd that I heard .- footsteps. . I- cannot sleep when tliero is lightning.' : Go to bed at once !?' Lady.: Rona i'- 3aid, angrily. ' I hate being, disturbed.' She waitcd'iiv silence- '-for a few' niin ?utcs,1 then - laid tho pocket-hook f beside 1 her while she washed her hands. Would -i nothing remove that crimson stain'? It seemed to glare- at her like an eyeof fire. ' .' Am I. going mad ?-', she' whispered.' ? ' 'There is nothing. here now. vMy-ihind: ? is fin a whirl. 'There 'is 'no , blood upon I iny'hani!s. : It was all a hideous- fancy. . See: — they are. both lily-white, without I spot or blemish.'' ? She : shivered. -, How- col.l ? was the ? night air ! The rain had ? chilled every- i thing.. She turned to the lire-grate- and I removed cho screen, in a moment the I wood was crackling; ami tliero was soon ; a cheery ;(Tro.( 1 ; lior hoilrti ;warmed;'and its mad pulsings' ceased/ '??ThVcolo'r re turned to her brilliant face, and a ripple of.'lojy; contemptuous laughter escaped her. She could scarcely understand her weakness— -hor cowardice — she, ' tho daughter of a hundred earls.' Rather should she- be-th. tiling with thankfulness. How kindly was Fortuno playing into her hands ! For a littlo while she sat in perfect silence. The fire burned merrily. Lady Rona reached for the pocket- book, and emptied its contents into her lap. There were a few letters and papers which were of no interest to her. Why not toss them all into the fire unread ? One by one they were cast into the flames, until she came to a sealed envelope addressed to Marjorio Stirling. Her ladyship wavered. . Hero was a letter sealed and stamped ready for the post. Clear and distinct the name and address stood forth — ?' Miss Marjorie Stirling, Glen Farm, Brightsea.' ' I wish that I had not seen this,' Lady Rona thought. 'Marjorie Stir ling has passed out of my life.' She pausod, then added, dreamily : ' And yet I may be aide to atone some day.' She broke the seal, and began to read, as follows, — ' My darling — When this reaches you I shall be dead — killed by own hand. I can fight 110 longer against Fate, and, conscious of my own unworthiness, I go to meet the Great Judge, against whom I liavo so grievously sinned. Oh, Mar jorie, uiy 'love for you has been my un doing. If you could have cared for me, you would have saved a soul from per dition ; you would have saved one poor frail creature from a misery more bitter than a hundred deaths. Even now I pause ; it is so terrible to know that I shall never look upon your sweet face again — never hear your loved voice ! Oh, Heaven, why am I so cursed that the woman I worship abhors me ? I would that I had never been born. I have imperilled my soul. I am a thief, a liar, an imposter. My anguish is greater than I can bear. 'Marjorie — gentle, beautiful Marjorie — I want you to pity me — I want you to think kindly of me when you have read this confession. I am writing the truth now — it is my last duty to you, my darling. I swear before tho God whom I have offended so deeply that every word is true. Am I wandering ? My poor brain reels. The torture is terrible. It is hard to die, even when life is as hopeless as mine. People will call me a coward, but it will be the bravest deed of my whole life. ' Dear one, from tho moment I saw you I loved you, and my one dream was to make you my wife. I cared nothinar for. aught else ; and I believe even now that all would have gone well had not Lady Rona Gordon come between us. Ah, how I loathe that accursed' woman ! She has ever influenced my life- for evil. But for her, Marjorie, you would have cared for me — you would have been my wife, and I should have been an hone3t, ambitious man. She came and breathed poison into your ears ; she took you away from me before you understood that my dearest wish was to shield you from harm. My heart was weighted with that . secret, which is: no longer a secret — my anger, my misery, made yon fear and dislike uie. You were dazzled by her brilliant and beaiitiful 'world ; your beauty won you admirers, you were a queen to be worshipped, and I lost you, -Marjorie.' Then my heart died within nie, and I became.what I tim now — a liar,- a -schemer* a thief. Through it all I hated but one living creature — Lady liona. Gordon ; and that hatred will-be extinguished only by death, which is hovering near. - ' Marjorie, I . can see your dear face before me, and I am trying to speak to von. Listen, and I will make my story as simplo'as I can. Yon came into w\\\ life, a beautiful vision — an inspiration — and I worshipped you. ahvays, Yon were radiant with the happiness of sunny youth, whilo'mnny about yon longed for the day when you would learn that the good old doctor was your falher only in name. I-was one of. those, and, for love of you, I labored- to: brighten the future. My hope was ;-.to prove your mother to be true and blameless, to hush the tongue that slanders. Bit by bit I put the story together. I traced your mother back to her girlhood's days — back to -a little Hertfordshire village, where she was married, in Langdon , .Church, 011 the' twenty-fifth of April,-,, in - the .year .1863, to one Alfied Ho\vard. It was a love match, pure and simple. Howard was a gentleman, your mother a beautiful; country girl. I went' still further, and my discovery appalled -me. Howard is the family name of- the Armadalcs. Your' father is the. present Duke of Armadale ! I Feared to toll the truth, and I locked it away in my heart. I' could not kill every hope. I had 110 be lief in Eric Cheslyn's love. What was it compared with mine ? I.thought that... he was merely amusing himself, and, when the blow fell, you would turn to me: I had implicit faith in this, so I held my, peace. Then the doctor died, and.;!:: heard people speak of you in slighting' terms. Ldid not. care ; I: alone knew the truth;' Heroically you suffered under' the double blow.';, the manyou.loved was faithless,1 your;- very life, ' was. shattered. Marjorie, I begin to- tremble , lost youj hate me. If I had spoken, at that awful -time, -.'how much misery;7! 'should have saved you ! You frill . perhaps find it, hard to believe that everyiaction of mine was prompted by love. , I only know that I was resolved not to lose.you ;'=and I was maddened when-Latly Rona threat ened to interfere with my plans. This 'proud heartless 'woman actually wanted | to champion your cause. To ? this day her conduct puzzles me. „ I believed, her I to bo .entirely engrossed in ' herself and her ambition to become the 'Duchess' of Armadale. She wrote to you, and I de stroyed the letter. Eric Cheslyn wrote, but' tho fire consumed his letter' also.': You see- to iwliat depths of villainy,' I had , descended I ,: Then Lady. Rona came, and my lady iwas-ibrought'.'to. terms. ; As ? Marjorie the unknown she', liked and .piticdi.you ;. ns tlie daughter o^tho Duke of Armadale she -.fearod jiuidj hated you f l;'loj,)k yiiu.a'way f ro 1 1 f A_ noad a ] 0^ 1 0 J 1 i d e yoiuiii; somo , out-of-tlie-way place ' until ! yo'ii- conson ted - to :becomc my wi fc. In , the meantime I was-; determined to work — I. was resolved -.to - be worthy ;ofi you— worthy even of the only slaughter of the Duko of- Armadale ! .1 liavo only to say that I have failed, that my spirit is lit-: terly; broken. i. For, days; Ir, liavo 'given way to drink, and tho end is here. Mar jorie,. this is a voice from tho grave, and I ask you, my darling, to pity aiid for give one who worshipped you in life and in death — one who will worship you oven through eternity I Marjorie, good-bye ! — John Comyns.' Lady Rona looked at the top of tho letter. It was dated from London only three days before. She hold it towards tho lire, then hastily withdrew it again and thrust it into the bosom . of her dress. Her face was drawn and white,' her eyes burned with an unnatural lustre. 'I will keep this for a littlo while,' she reflected, ' and some day I may atono to Marjorie ; but not yet — not yet !' CHAPTER XXXVIII. It was late when Eric Cheslyn opened his eyes 011 the morning following his unproductive visit to the detective's office. He had retired at three o'clock, jnst when day was breaking, and slept until ten. The sunbeams wore dancing upon the wall ; there was a busy hum iu- therst?eets below. A letter had been pushed under the door, and he jumped ivp hastily. It was from Barry Dawson, and rana3 follows, — ' My dear Cheslyn, — Excuse me for leaving yon without a 1 farewell, my good genius ! I met Hood, the pickle man, in Cheapside, and promptly buttonholed him — you can guess why. The result is that I am at his place in the interests of Lady Glynne, and winning all along the line. The old boy may be led by strings of silk, but it is impossible to drive him with hot irons. I hear that Lady Glynne and her daughter will go to Paris before Goodwood. I have an invitation to call upon them there during the Long Vaca tion. Shall be back to town 011 Monday. — Yours as ever, Barry Dawson.' Cheslyn was too preoccupied to give Barry's letter more than a passing atten tion. The detective's statement had only excited his curiosity, and he was in a fever of impatience. ' Poor old Barry !' he thought while dressing. ' I believe that he is iii luck at last. He is one of those' fellows who only need a chance to get 011 in life. An ? opportunity to him is better than a for tune in the hands of many other men whom I know. And yet his admiration for Lady Irene has nothing sordid about it — I am certain of that !' While deliberating whether he should ring for breakfast or not, his servant an nounced the detective. Bicknell. ' Show Mr. Bicknell up-stairs,' lie said. Cheslyn was all' eagerness in a moment. His heart throbbed,, his face flushed, and, when- the detective- was shown into his sitting-room, he scanned his features with an intensity that was almost painful. ' You have news ?' he demanded. 'Yes, sir — I have. We are 011 the right track at hist. But, Mr. Cheslyn, you are not well.' ' My nerves are upset,' Cheslyn ad mitted. ' The nervous strain is begin ning to tell upon me. For a moment I feared that your news might be bad, and I became faint.' ? ' Bad enough, sir ; but rest content upon one point. So far Miss Stirling has come to 110 harm. .Allow me to pre scribe for -you — and - 1 . shouldn't- mind taking. a dose .of the medicine. myself, for I have been up all night — c'offee, sir, flavored' with good old cognac. Fine thing for a weary brain !' Cheslyn rang the bell, and coffee and brandy were shortly placed before them. 'Now, sir,' proceeded Bicknell, 'I will begin where I, left.'_ off-'yestorday. Yon rememberXthat Mr: -.C.omyns was ? tracked to Holmhnrst, and that I have several'- men-, engaged upon your case? Very well.' He sipped his coffee and continued—'! have received a report that Mr. John Comyns applied yester day at Doctors' /.Commons for a special license, which he arranged to call for to day. He gave an address in Bishops gate, and, upon investigation, we find that/lie has been living there for some little time. The proctor gave us all the assistance in his power ; and it is my be lief that the license is intended for him self and Miss Marjorie Stirling.' . Great beads of perspiration were stand- 1 ing upon Cheslyn's brow. ! ;? ^.e'must bo ^ 'stopped — arrested !' lie said excitedly. ' At this moment a man is in the proctor's office, Mr. Gheslyn ; but I do not think that his services will be need ed.' The detective spoke impressively. ' Go 011 !', Gheslyn. commanded. 'Be prepared for a shock, Mr. Ches lyn. The Reverend John Comyns is dead !' ? i.-, ''Great heavens !' cried/Eric. 'Out with, the whole .'thing,: man ! .' Why so .much mystery,?' ' The detective took from his pocket a long- enveloper.^From the envelope , he produced a lengthy, document written in cipher. 'This reached mo only half an hour since,' lie said, ' and :1ms been sent as a special- message in care :.of , the/ railway company. Briefly — my..: man followed Comyns to Armadale', s hilt lost- sight of him.iiv the woods. The night down there was dark and stormy. A littlo before midnight, however, he saw a woman flit through tho grounds. He followed her to the library window and recognised Lady Rona Gordon. Her strange inin ner impressed him with : the conviction that all was, not. right: He walked back to Holmhurst, and, upon - hoaring that 110 one. answering, to Comyn's description 1 had gone to London by the lust train, lie returned-rto Armadale. By that . time I'dawiir was breaking, and, after careful search^ lie discovered the dead body of Comyns in a spot called tho Monk's Walk. I may remark that my man is a perfe'et old sleuth-hound.' . . '? Go 011 !' Cheslyn cried. 'What is it that yon suspect ?' ?/ ' Comyns has been shot,' proceeded1 Bicknell calmly, ' and Lady Rona Gor doj, .wi] H ) n jiiti ' .s 1 1.' d for the crime !'. ; . ' It' is: absurd — idiotic- ~~~~r i p u By -thisitime Scotland Yard has full ?and complete particulars.' My man de 'cidcd^not'to callyin the local police ; but ?'even [if she-desired to escape it would bo ?impossible.' ' ' TO J)K- CONTINUED1. 'Lxspurts. — Retired firemen. The man who would try to stab a ghost would stick at nothing. 