LOVE BALLAD. Lonely from my homo I come, , To oast mysolf upon your tomb, And to woop. .Lonely from my lonesome home, My lonesome house of grief and gloom, While I koep Vigil often all night long, For your dear, doar sake, .Praying many a prayer so wrong That my .heart would break ! ?Gladly, oh my blighted flowor, Swoot Applu of my bosom's Treo, . Would I now Strotoh mo in your dark doath-bowor Bosido your corpse, and lovingly Kiss your brow. But wo'll moot ore many a day, Never moro to part, ^Por ovon now I fool tho day , Gathering round my hoart, In my soul doth durkuoss dwoll, And through itudroary winding aavos Ever flowfl, Ever flowa with moaning swoll, One obbleas flood of many Waves, Which aro Woofl. Death, lovo, ban me in his luros, But that griovoH not mo, ?So my ghost may moot with yours Qn yon moon-loved loa. When the neighbors near my cot Believe me sunk in slumber deep, I arise — For, oh ! 'tis a weary lot, This watching eye, and wooing sleep With hot eyes — I arise, and seek your grave, And pour forth my tears ; While the winds that nightly rave, Whistle in mine ears. Often turns my memory back To that dear evening in the dell, When we twain, Shelter'd by the sloe-bush black, Sat, laugh'd, and talk'd, while thiok sleet fell, And' cold rain. Thanks to God ! no guilty leaven Dash'd our childish mirth. You rojoice for thiB in heaven, I not less on earth ! Love ! the priests feel wroth with me, To find I shrine your image still In my breast. Since you are gone eternally, And your fair frame lies in the chill Grave at rest ; But true Love outlives the shroud, Knows nor check nor change, And beyond Time's world of Cloud Still must reign and range. Well may now your kindred mourn The threats, the wiles, the cruel arts, They long tried On the child they left forlorn ! They broke the tenderest heart of hearts, And she died. Curse upon the love of show ! Curse on Pride and Greed ! They would wed you '* high ' — and woe I Hore bohold their meed ! James Clarence Manoan. 