Letters to Aunt Eily. Mannanabie, October 29. Mr Dear Aunt Eily—I wish to become a member of St. Vincent's Juvenile Club. I am eleven years old. I have two sisters and one brother. I go to the Mannanarie State School, and I am in the third class. I was at a concert that was held in Yatina on Thursday night, which was given by the children attending the SiBters of St. Joseph's School, Pekina, which I enjoyed very much. I am sending you two shillings and sixpence as subscription to wards the Statue of the Sacred Heart, also one penny for a membership card. Hoping you will accept me as a niece, I remain, Tour loving niece, Honora. M. Clare. WALLAROO, October 19. Dear Aunt EIlt—I have only written to you once, and that was when 1 was thirteen years old, and now I am fourteen; people take me to be twelve. Wallaroo is such a wild place, with wind all around the corners it is enough to blow us to pieces. We school children expect to have a picnic in the month of November, the Feast of All Saints. We children had a party in the schoolroom yesterday. We made it up ourselves. We had make-believe bicycles and all sorts of games. We are very fond of SiBter telling us a story, especially ghost stories, how the holy souls from Purgatory come to ask for prayers, and the saints appear to good people on earth. I should like a saint to come and talk to me. I hope the rev. mother will soon be able to get the statue of the Sacred Heart. St. Anthony's Guard mem bers must help to buy it, and they will, too. I am sending two shillings this time. Your loving niece, Buby Thompson. Wallaroo, October 19th. Dear Aunt Eily—I think it is a long time since I wrote to you, but I am just thinking what I shall put in my letter. I like to give some money for the statue, I hope all the Wallaroo children will try and buy the statue of the Sacred Heart for the little orphans' church. Dear Aunt JJily, we have strange weather, it is hot in the morning and oold in the evening. The wind is so wild to-day that the sea looks . quite cross and angry. I should not like . to be out in one of, the little boats to-day. . Wehave a statue of Our, Blessed Lady in our sehool, and we take turns to light the lamp .before it;. I like your pice, kind letters.in. " The Southern Crops," the last one wraB funny,]it made me laugh. Well, I hope that you will .get all the money for the Sac red, Heart statue in a month or less, andl think you will too. We had a thunder storm yesterday ; I was frightened, bat my little baby sister says I ought not to he frightened, beoause God is up in the moon. She is only four years old. I am sending youSd.' , . ;v Prom your loving niece, ■.; MifBT. Sandfobd. St. Joseph's Content, Mitcham, ■ . , November 13. Dear Aunt Eily.—I have been very anxious to become a . member of St. Yin cent's Juvenile Club, and when I saw your letter about the statue of the Sacred Heart I resolved to write at once. My com panions wish to. apologize for their long silence. They hare been very busy pre paring for examinations, but in the future they intend to make up for their negligence. On November 1 we went to North Adelaide for a holiday. We stayed at St. Joseph's Convent for a few hours, during which time the Sisters hospitably entertained us, and did all in their power to make our stay a pleasant one. In the afternoon we set out for the Church of Adoration, at which place we arrived in time for Benediction. We were all quite enchanted with the beautiful altar and tabernacle, which is exquisitely studded with precious stones. We also visited St. Lawrence's. We re turned home satisfied and happy after our day's outing. Enclosed you will find a donation from my companions and self, also a penny stamp for a membership card. I am, your loving niece, StssiE McCabe. Aunt Eii>t acknowledges: — Niece Martha Yaughey, Hectorville, Is.; Asso ciate Member, North Adelaide, Is. j Nephew Gordon Boberts, Oakvale, Is.; per Nephew Gordon Boberts—Rose, Frank, Percy, and Yal, Is. each, and Mr. C. Mudge, 2s.; Associate Mr. Delano, Nor wood, 8s. 