IN THE GRIP OF HATE, PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. W. AUTHOR OF "BY RIGHT OF SWORD," "A HERITAGE OF PERIL," '"SIR JAFFRAY'S WIFE," "THE MYSTERY OF MORTIMORE STRANGE," "BY WHOSE HAND? "THE OLD MILL MYSTERY," "MISER HOADLEY'S SECRET," &c.;, &c.; COPYRIGHT, CHAPTER XI, -(Continued.) The letter ran thus: '""Dear Wife,— I am ill and may not live to see you again. The child that the bearer will bring to you is put Into your charge. She is called Lallu, and Is a loving little thing.. Her parents are dead, witn ner you »v,u icraic a, sum of about £50,000 now lying in Eve rett's Bank at Bombay. You are to use this money to bring her up, and if she does not live the" money Is yours and Percy's, .except such' a sum as will enable the two Hnidops, Ab Dur and the woman, to return to India. They are to remain always with her should she live; and— most important q£ all— you are to hurry out of India as fast as possible and leave no traces behind you. If I see you agnfri I will explain all; if I do not, ask no ques tions. it is the only provision I can I«ake for you, except a few hundred pounds which ai- ei Tdso.ln". Everett's Bank IVffiff R £- der. God bless you and my dear little Mercy. Let the two be sisters.— Your unfortunate husband, .Clarence Hawthorne. Mrs. Hawthorne on reading the letter a one of the only shrewd things of her U£e-_ She Backed up her things withouta moment sde- Tav or a word spoken to anyone, hurried to Bombay, and. secured the fortune, and I .d LlTer/Xher curiosity had grown un, manageable, she began to question the VWQ Indians, but found that apparently the wo man knew nothing except that she had had charge of the child for three years. whlle Ab Dur asserted by the heavens i and aU that w as in them that he knew nothing at all. . FroiiT Lallu ivself Mrs. Hawthorne could -dm no Information. The child had feeen tutored riot tp talk, and whenever was aslced she remained silent, casting a glance at A.b Dur, who, during the lira : years of her cpming, seemed to be always at hand when she was being questioned. It was on the proceeds of Lallu s fortune th'at Mrs. Hawthorne lived, first at the Cape, and then In Australia, during the year that Intervened between her husband s death apd her succeeding to the money of her sister, Madame Gonzolez. Lallu herself had her moments of reminis cence. She had a faint recollection of her mother," and in the 'memories there were al ways tears in the mother's eyes. Vague re miniscences of many people about her, and much grandeur, with some ceremonies and events which she did not understand, always merged themselves In remembrance of the yefcirs when she was in the care of'the ayah- alone with her under circqmstances that. In later years suggested she must have been In hiding. She had seen her mother there, too, on one or two rare occasions, and she remem bered Mr. Hawthorne also. But there was never enough for her to piece together into a connected story: and neither the ayah nor Ab Dur would help her. One' thing she remembered vividly— her mo ther's death. It was just before the time she had come to the Hawthornes. She had been awakened in the dead stillness of the Indian night' by the sudden shouts' of men, the firing of guns', the breaking in' of doors, and the death scream of a woman; and rush ing out' in alarm before the ayah could stay her, she had fallen over a dead body and smeared herself in the blood. It was her mother, and when she was kneeling by it, smoothing the dishevelled hair from the face, putting her arms round the neck, and kissing the ' blood-bedabbled face, 'the ayah had caught her up with a scream, at the moment when men were Iri the act! "pf layjqg rough hands on her, and' fled with her out Info the night. The next' she remembered was that' Ab Dur and the ayah and she were tramping hurriedly through the open, to come at last to the 'place where Mrs. Hawthorne was found. _ Hers had thus always been a silent, secret, introspective life, and on meeting Mervyn Rhodes she had set' his iniage'ln the highest shrine of her heart, and her feeling for film tepame the crown and jpy of her existence; and when he fell "into trouble, one of her Pleasures" was to dream of possible ways in whjph he could be helped. She' had known his address in London, and when his fortune changed she sent Ab Dur, who worshipped the ground she trod on, and w(.uld have given his life for her at any moment, to find out his new address and all that' was possible as to Mervyn's doings.' The Hindoo was like a faithful sleuth hound, doing his 'work secretly and thoroughly, arid bringing back the tidings to her accurately. She knew before Mercy where he was liv ing—small chambers high up u dark staircase in the Temple, and Ab Dur's description quite be re out lier own ideas of his poverty. Thus when flie desire to see him for herself grew upon her she was in a position to gratify She called Ab Dur, and told him he was to take her to the place where Mervyn lived, and though ho bent upon her a short, sharp, searching look,, the reason for which she did not undertsnnpl. he obeyed at once. It 'was almost dark when they started, and when they reached the Temple the offices were emptying fast, and the men who, having been detained, were hurrying away home wards cast more than one curious glaripe at tHe closely- veiled girl who with the tall, stalwart Indian was threading her way through the courts and passages. She mounted the high winding rlclcetly staircase, and the dirt on the stairs, on the wtills, and on the dimmed windows, made her shudder at the thought that such a man as Mervyn Rhodes should be compelled to live in the place. She knew nothing of what life in chambers meant. The outer door of Mervyn's chambers was shut, but Ab Dur pointed to the small knoc ker, and she knocked nervously. Morvrn himself came to the door and threw It wide open, starting back in astonishment when he saw his visitors, though at first he did not recognise that it was Lallu. But as soon as he did so his astonishment changed to a look of utter perplexity. Lallu was speechless at the sight of him. He was tired and looked haggard and wor ried, and was wearing an old boating jacket that made him appear poverty-stricken in her eyes. Ab Dur, in his short, broken Eng lish, explained that she wished to see him, and Mervyn led her in at once. There was a lobby to the place and Ab Dur stayed there, while Lallu went Into the room where Mer vyn had been sitting hard at work. She was some time before she could col lect her thoughts and And words; and her eyes roamed' everywhere taking "in every thing, and interpreting the dust and litter as poverty signals. "Is there any trouble?" asked Mervyn, kindly, after a time, He was ransacking his brains to think what the unconventional vi sit at such a time could possibly mean. "Is this— your home?" asked Lallu, the words stumbling on her lips. "Yes," he laughed. "Does It look fright fully untidy? This is where I both live and work." ...... r- "Are you obliged to live here?" "Well, I don't kriow about being obliged. But it's very convenient. Why?" "Do you have to cook your own food?" she psked, seeing a brown teapot and a tliiok cup and saucer on a small table, together with the remains of a chop. "Not exactly. I "can make my own tea, of course." ' Lallu showed amazement' and pity In her looks. "I didn't know— " it was as bad as this, she- was goiiig to add, but checked herself. "Is this because you have lost your money?" There was a suggestion of a frown in the smile with which he received this question, "I am so sorry," she said,' softly; and though (he pity was distasteful enough, hf; could not misunderstand the sincerity of the sympathy that underlay it. "You don't quite understand our English ways yet, Miss Lallu. There are hundreds of fellows who are beginning at the Bar in. this style; except that I'm more lucky than some because I have my chambers to myself. I pall this my .den; and when I'm here I rough it. It's a rare place for work. Every asso ciation is that of work; and after all there's nothing like work— to teach a man to do his duty and hear his load squarely on his shoul ders." Good broad shoulders his were, too, as he shruggegd thepi and smiled and then sighed. "But I don't suppose it's about work you want to see mo. ' "The house is' so dull without you," she said, looking at him innocently out of her great eyes. ' He started and stared at her In greater as tonishment than ever; hut loft the remark unanswered.-.. .: . . "I could not bear to think you were strug gling alone In this way. I was obliged, to pome and see you for myself. Dp you mind? "Not In the least, only-r-well, of course,.! m very glad to see you;- but — you see, it's not — not'what people call conventional, you know. Does anyone know you've come?" he asked. A light leapt Into her face as he said this. ' I ' You mean Mercy. N; one kno ws. But I was hungering to see you, Mercy is not happy either- They wapt to make her marry Jufl-n Rooa# but- she. will np-t. vihcpd dt her words and- for a niojtient his eyes flashed angrily, and his brow showed a slight frown: but the last sentence reassured him. "But I want to talk about you, Can nothing be dope?' Is It true that you have lost everything?" and her eyes wandered round the grimy room again. "Not everything. But I have to earn what j want now," lie answered, beginning to understand her visit. "Can nothing be done?" she repealled. "What is- .the. use of— of having friends, If they can do nothing? ' It' Is :trien that friends are useful." "I know what you mean- Tou rire a good little woman. But I do riot want anything done. Though I thank" you." He put out his hand as he stood beside hep. To his renewed surprise and infinite embar rassment she took It In both hers, which were trembling violently, and first laid her fore head upon it and then kissed it! '! "Can I do nothing? Let me;" and she held the hand and looked up into his eyes, her. pwn beseeching and pleading. "There fi's no. need," he answered very gently. ' "I love you," she said, simply and directly; so simply and innocently indeed that It was impossible to think of it as in any sense even an unwomanly confession, '" "You do not know what you are saying. You must not say this ito me." "It is itrue. . You are more to me than all that the worjd contains. My heart Is broken when I ithirik 'of you here in this dreadful room alone, struggling, and ill. My love for you is the only real joy of my life. I have' always loved ypu. You are my god. Why can I do nothing?" The pause that followed was "more embarrassing ;thap even the girl's words; for she kept his hand In hers and her eyes fixed oh his face with an intensely ear nest scrutiny. "I do not seek any return. I know you love Mercy, dear, sweet sister Mercy. I can read now in your eyes that your love thoughts are all for her. That is no trouble for me. It Is a delight that ray two loved ones shall always bo together. But I love you. The day w"l. come when ypu will see It all plainly for your self;, for it Isithe tradition of my line that the women of it die for those 'they love. That will bo my reward," When she ceased now she passed ilnto a' long dreamy reverie, In which' Mervyn was anxiously 'thoughtful what to say and do. . "I have told you so that you may yield to my wish." "I assure you there is nothing I want. You have n:sread what you see here, I think," answered Mervyn, with a wave of the hand round the room. "If it will comfort you, let me assure you I am doing yery well. I have plenty of work, and it brings me money. I have friends who send me this work"— pointing to law papers on the table— "and I am nlready beginning to earn a good in come. Believe, me, your thought for me has been- very sweet to know. And this I promise you, that should the time ever come When I need such a deur little friend as you It Is to you I will turn first." She looked into his face the whole time he was apeaklng, still holding his hand. Then, suddenly, she let it fall, and, getting up. said: "Your pridq and strength are the enemies of the love I bear you, and they have con quered It and trodden it down. Good-bye." And without another word she turned and went away, leaving him standing and staring after her as she hurried down the rlcketty staircase with the burly Hindoo at her heels. As the two passed out of the doorway be low a man who hud Just passed turned his head and glanced back at them. He start ed, stopped, looked at them very closely, and turning followed quickly until he was near enough to identify them. ' It was Juan Roca. When he had satisfied himself that It was Lallu, he went bnck to the doorway from which he had seen them emerge, and rend the names down, until' he came to that of "Mervyn Rhodes" in the clean white of fresh paint. At that an oath of bjttor anger escaped him. Alter pausing a moment in hesitation', io ran again In the direction the two had taken, till ho came to a point where the courts branched In different directions. This beat him, and, after a fruitless endea vour to listen for retreating footfalls and a hurried search in two different directions he gave up the endeavour, and went on Ills tvay. CHAPTER XII.— "IT IS A HOUSE OF DEATH." . ' In the days that followed the scene at the dinner table matters went more smoothly at Wyvern Gardens. Mercy put a strong curb - on the outward expression of her feelings for Colonel Roca, and peace was apparently patched up between them. Meanwhile pre parations for the woddlng were hurried for ward, and ten days later the marriage took place. „ A fortnight's trip on the Continent was all the time which the Colonel said he could spare from his business affairs, and as soon as they returned the arangements were com pleted for closing tho London house, and go ing to what he had termed one of his places In' the country. As a fact he had merely rented It, having chosen It with great care to carry out the end he had in view. It was a large, old, rambling house, called Beaehley Court, on a very dreary, wild part of the coast of Suffolk. It stood almost on the verge of some low cliffs, and a long stretch of the garden had been protected against the inroads of the sea by a steep stone break water. The need for this was apparent; be cause at each end of tho stonework the cliffs had been washed away to such an extent that the house and gardens stood on a kind of small promontory. The land belonging to it had gone out of cultivation, owing partly to Its poor nature and the heavy tithe which It carried, and partly because of the conduct of Its owner, a wealthy, but half-mad, recluse, who had gone to live there In the latter years of his life, when out of conceit with the world at large. He had allowed nothing to be cul tivated except the garden, where he walked every day, and this had only been roughly tended, Hating his fellow-creatures, and hav ing means to indulge his mania, he had bought up almost every homestead and cot tage anywhere near the Court, and had either pulled them down or shut them up and allow ed them to go to ruin. Thus for miles round the place there was scarcely, a habitation of. any kind, and the desolate dreariness of the spot was awesome, The house itself had been well-furnished, and the Colonel added many' things to In crease the comfort of his wife and the two girls. He desired that there should be every evidence of his wish to do all that lay in his power to make them happy; but he explained that it must, of course, take some little time to make the surroundings of the house what they should be. The Impression upon Mercy anl Lallu was very strong. They arrived In the grey, of the evening af ter a drive of seven miles from the nearest railway sttalon, and the ruined houses, un cultivated fields, aild wild, barren district through which the greater part of, the road lay set up a feeling of lonesome helplessness which increased with every mile of the jpur- ney. " "It is like an accursed land," said Lallu, drawing her wraps closer as the keen air from the sea came driving across the waste. The Colonel was In high spirits tinctured with indignation against the late resident. '"The loveliest district in England," he said, airily, "and the healthiest. It has been out of'my family for sorqe years, and the old man who lived here had a spite against me, know ing the place must he rpine one day, and did tlils; "'and' he waved a hand to indicate the despoiled condition of the land. '"It seems a very fiat' country, Manuel," said his wife, nervously, beginning to be af fected by the lonesomeness, but afraid to say so. "My dear, we are far above the sea, and pver there," pointing In a direction In which there was nothing but rather dark mist, "are the' loveliest hiUs that the eye of man can wish for. You Will be charmed with the Court. It is old and rambling and quaint, full of the most delightful galleries, arid pas sages, with rooms in little out of the way corners where you would never- dream of looking for them." "I hope the place isn't haunted," she re plied: "My dear child, how could you say such a thing! Here we are, at the close of the nine teenth cehtuyy, the most practical century In the history of the world, the 'heir of all the ages,' and you talk of ghosts. I wish there were. I would welcome them,— positively welcome them," "I shouldn't," said his wife, with a shud der. ."And I hope the drains are all right," she added, more practically. "These old houses are often in a dreadful state." "You may he quite certain about that," re turned the Colonel, smiling cynically. " The old misanthrope who lived heye for so many years kep't all his love from other folk to give It to himself." Mercy listened to the conversation between the two, taking no part In It, but watching the Colonel, seeing always" the evidence of his falseness, and wondering with a growing feeling of fear why he had brought them down to such a place. She put an arm through Lallu's, and tak ing her hand found it cold, and the two moved closer together as if with a mutual instinct of consolation. "Is there a doctor anywhere near, Manu el?" said his wife again, with a pause. "It would be dreadful to be taken ill at such a distance from everywhere." "Upon my word, I never thought to ask," lie answered. "But there must be; this old man died, so some doctor must have attended him. That's pretty clear evidence," he added with a sneer. "But it doesn't matter so much as It might, since I know a good deal about medicine, and Junn, who will be down next week, has studied it. But you can't be 111 in a place like the Court." "People may be 'tnlcen 111 anywhere," was the reply, spoken rather peevishly. "It makes me rather— I riiean, I hope there will turn out to bo one somewhere. How fai rs the nearest town, Manuel?" (to he coxtisuep.) 