SHORT STORIES. WHY NUR KHAN WENT HOME. A SEPOY STORY. ("Pall Mall Gazette.") The finr belief of the natives of India in extraordinary manifestations of nature is incredible to an English man. It is hard, indeed, for us to realise that the fairy tales of myth ology are believed as actual facts. which may quite possibly happen again evenl in this prosaic age; but every now and then this is proved to be the case, by the wonderful reasons given by intelligent naitives for their requests. There is hardly a single ami mal or vegetable that has not, the power to net in some mnarveilous fashion beyond the bounds of reason, almost of sane imaginationi. We can understand their firm belief in ghosts, witches, demons-some of us have known it firm in England; metamor phosis, the transmnigration of souls are not inconceivable; but how any edu cated and intelligent. minan can seri ously believe in some of the actual actions imputed to animate and inani mate things passes understanding. To the Indian it is not impossible, actually, that a rat should be able to carry an elephant; that a river should flow over a mountaiun withlout wetting it, rather than round or through it. It was something of this sort that led to Sepoy Nur Klihan's takilng his dis charge and forfeiting fifteen years' service. One fine day after parade we held orderly-room as usual under the big banian tree in front of the quarter guard. After Ihe usual matters had been. disposed of, a shame-faced jema dar brought up an annemic sepoy who had a request to make. To the Colo nel's enquiries the jemadar merely re plied that he preferred that Nur Khan should make his request himself, and begged that the Colonel would take ino offence. The unusual interest dis played by the native officers and others puesent led us to expect something entertaining after the dreary mono tony of demands, and the Colonel granted thie jemadar's petition. There upon Nur Khan, in hesitating accents, came 'out with. his yarn. "Nearly a month ago I went out at dawn to the jungle, and while there I trod by accident on a snake, and it turned and bit me. Here is the mark. I went to the lines and dressed the wound and went on parade. Yes, sahib, it was a very dangerous snake; but it was not the time for its poison, so I did not fear. Three nights later it cane to where I was sleeping in the verandah. of the lines, and bit me again 'on this spot, and sucked the blood. Again I dressed it without fear of poison. Here is the second mark. The next week it came again, and bit me as I slept., and sucked my blood, but did not poison me. Then I knew that that snake was mad, and desired my blood, and would pursue me. Also, I became ill with fever and went to hospital. This was because its time of poison had returned. When I was in hospital it came again and bit me, and sucked my blood, but it did not kill me. It is a. mad. snake, and de sires my blood. I left the, hospital a week ago, since whTmen it comes every second night, and: bites me, and sucks my blood, andl gives me fever. Now, if I stay here the mad snake will re turn again and again, and when its poison time hhs fully come it will slay me. I therefore pray that by youear honour's favour I may take my dis chhrge at once, and go home, where the snake cannot follow me; otherwise I shall die, and there will be nobody of my family left to look after my estate and my people." With that Nur Khan. burst into tears, trembling and shivering. "Is this man mad?" asked the Colonel of the jemadar. "I can swvear that lie speaks truth, your honour,' 'replied the jemadar. We all laughed. "What infernal roti!" said the Major. "The fever has upset his reason. The nian is in my wing, and is a good Urdu scholar, Land has a cea-tificate for field sketching, and also for transport. I know him as a sharp chap, but niot math of a man, and his physique is poor. Isn't he the storey-teller, Subadar Mir Alam?" "No, sahib, the story-teller is an other of the Captain Sahib's wing, and he is now on furlough. This maim is a good man, and the snake certainly bites himi. Wsi have found him bleed ing on the days on whichl he was bitteni." Now, Mir Alam was a sound and wise: officer, the last man whom we should have suspected of supporting aniy sort of fraud or nbsurdity, so-his reply amazed us all tih~e more; also there was an indefinable soniething in Nur Khan's manner tflnt told us thlnt his fears were genuine. Thme. wounds on his legs were veary like the marks of old sores or boils; but Nir Khan always pointed out the saine marks in the _same sequence, try hint as we would', nor did he improve or alter his story. The Colonel then called on each na tive ollicer to say whether. he believed in such preposterous nonsense, and not one of the tea. present denied that he fully believed. The remaining six were absent on furlough and duty. So the doctor was sent for, and while we waited for his arrival the native ofli ccrs were all questioned, and chatted, and reasoned with. Not a. jot. could we stir them, though they loaked ashamed of themselves, and yet pre pared to face the scorn of the infidtel with resignation. .Temidar .agga~t Singh, the first native to win the MLac gregor medal, and the most enlight ened among tihem, explained the mys tery thus: "This snake," said he, "is the two headed snake. It is like a. bit of stick so long;" and he' measured off about a fo'ot on his arm. "Every six moniths its head becomes its ta:il, and. the head is male and 'the tail.female. You have seen it, Caiptain Sahib?" "Yes," said 1I. "The 'sepoys burned one on the range. a t Mia.n Mir. It is as you describe.- The, fact. is, sir," said I to the Colonel, "(here is a snake of this sort, and this is the native account of it, arising probably from. the fact that both, head and tail are the same thickness as the body and similarly marked. It is very hard without close looking to tell which end is which. It is very slow and quite harmless, and seems to be a sort. of blind worm. but the natives are awfully afraid of it. I have heard .TJaggat. Singh's account from others." Well, let's hear what further hlie has to say. I can't say I know the beast myself, even after thirty years in the country. Go 'on, .Taggat Singh." i "By your honour's favour this is my ,petition. At the time of year when this snake changes its sex, it is harm less for two lunar months, and that is because it is then in its rutting sea son. If at thaht season any man comes near it and gets bitten, he will not 1 be poisoned. But the snake forsakes its mate and pursues the man bitten, being mnad and deluded into the belief lthat he is its mate. For this reason it continues to bite him, and suck his blood; and when its change is com pleted and its poison in full force, the man gets poisoned and dies in. an. hour without help, for there is no medicine l or charm can. d'o him any good. This Sis a well-known fact, All snakes do the same, buti this one more than' the Sothers." r "Then why the devil doesn't tahe fool sit up and' kill the snake when it comes?" said the Adjutant The natives, one and all, smiled po litely, but looked at each other as if to say, "How impossible it is t'oi es t plain anything to such. people." The Colonel and Major grew angry, sus t pecting that some underhand intrigue was being carried on. at their expense, and they spoke pretty strongly to the native officers on the subject, without any elfect. In fact., the subadar Major quietly said, "You have no snakes in r your country, Colonel Sahib, and you e do not live naked in the jungles as we S'd.o. 'We .speak of what we know. e There is no intrigue in this." And r the old gentlemana's manner carried conviction. t Presently the doctor arrived, and said that hlie had been told some such ,, cock-and-bull story, but had attributed Sit to fever and delirium, and had paid no attention to it. He said that the man was very nervous, inclined ito be Shysterical', and that the marks on his legs were sores that could not possibly be less than six months old at the very least. So Nur Khian's request was refused, and "he was sent to hospital to be kept under medical supervision. The fever season was on then, and the hospital was so crowded that Nur ihan, with several others, had to be accommodated in tents pitched in the hospital compound; but lie was iso lated, and had an atheistic Bengali hospital assistant to sleep in the same tent with him. To. our amazement, at early dawn the adjutant and I were sent for to the hospital, and there in the tent lay Nur Rhan, bleeding from a wound in the leg, and a snake, of the very sort described, on the ground beside his bed. The Bengali was paralysed with terror, and all the hospital staft' stand ing round afraid to go near either Nur Khan or the tent. We slew the snake with a stick, put it in. a bottle, and then examined Nar Rhan. IHe was alive and only slightly feverish, but terribly frighltenied, and the wound ba his leg was suspiciously like a scratch across the scar of a former 'boil, though the nails on his toes and fin gers were quite clean. The doctor, lhen lie came soon after,declnred that the wound was self-Inflicted, but we never found out how, nor could we ever discbyer how the snake came to be there. It was a' full-groom male, and quite harmless. Nevertheless, we had to let Nur Tlha.n. take his disch'arge, because his narves were completely shattered, and there was no chance of his ever being fit for service again. 'It was a. queer experience, and though, no doubt, scientifically ex plainable, yet we could not, find an explanation. The evident triiui'ph of time sepoys over the sceptic sahibs was clearly based on a firm and an shakable belief in the strange story they 'had told us, and which we have niever been able, to contradict. A sepoy does not forfeit fifteen years' srmcvice for :a trifle. 