A TALE OF HORROR. A gentleman name Leadbetter, a hop-merchant, resident in one of tbe western couutiea, bad for many years made a practice of attending the great annual fair at Waybill, as a purchaser of tbe commodity in which he rhiefiy dealt. It happened on one occasion, that be arrived at the jnn to which he alw&ya; went, some hours later than usual; and on going into the bouse he learned, to bia.refrret,that so much company hail arrived-before bim,' that every bed was er-gaged. Rather than go to any houae Jo which 'be waa a etraugur, he determined to have a bed made upon some chairs in the travellers'room. Um. Symunds, the landlady, was. about to carry this arrangement into effect, when she happened to recolluot that there was «n ostler's room in the yard, which poasibly Mr. Leadbetter might pi titer t« eleeping in a room where be might be liable to be disturbed very' early in the mgroing. To this tbe gentleman willing *cc«lod;^ud jafturaomefliort time^be panB^l {^gallery in the jard wljioB 'led t6tbe ajlart-' meut, and retired to bed. Sleep lent its leaden influence soon to the weary traveller, and be reposed eouudly, until a strange nojae iu the gallery which be bad aBctnded, ruuaed him into sense again. -The noise'waa that of an extremely heavy foolstt^j. Mr. Lt-adlietl^r counted every step ; and, to his alarm, tbe sound inoreased, until tire wmae or it reached the door of his apartment. In an. instant a tall Mid gaunt figure ente'i ed the twAni with a caodlo io one baud, aud a batcher's knife in tbe other. Mr. L. attempted 1 to speakfbut bis voice failed bim, and the figure approached tbe bed. It shook tbe horror-sirickcu uau ; then .drew .tbe. knife aevflal. limuii aoroM ljik own tliroat ; weDt ti) a ioble In the roum,'aet dowu the light, and immediately quitted tbe place. Mr. Leadbetter befcan to breathe again; he imagined,' -Bfter- n few minutes," that he must have been dreaming ; and yet, tho jcandle and candlestick on tbe table wire uo phautoms, tbey were palpable' realitia. He instantly rose with au intent to look the door, but found that it was without) Jock or bojt, and that there wai uotbiug else in tbe room but cbe'liedstead of any weight. As tbis fortunately ran ou casters, be rolled it to I he door, and thinking biraBelf then tolerably safe from farther intrusion, be endeavoured to" go to sleep again. But sleep would no more levisic his t-rellda ; sod he lay tossing abou^ .until, in about an hour, he beard the same, sounds arbich had ^before alarmed him, renewed? on ibcgallery stairs, and in a few seconda, the door of his mom being pushed with great' violence, his' bed 'was rolled into lite middle of tbe apartment^ and again Hie borrid figure stood bere bim ! The faculties of specch and motion now forsook him quite ; the figure shook Lim again'with Serco gesticulation, and again drawing the knife across its throat. Mr. Lead better observed that^rnarka of blood werepn the blade, which were"%ot there before.1 then passed awa> from tbe room, and tie remainder of Mr. Leadbetter's seuae fletl with it; he swooned and remained for some time insensible, Ab<"«obla(^ife ckme to himself he pnt Dn hia clotbea with the bfat speed bis ngitation would allow, ami jdjjwended j'ulo the yard of Ibe inn. )n a' atable there bSr'' a light, and on iroacbing it, found a man dressing dewu ^Unlijtin wfibil'Uie communicated that something particular bad happened, and that' he must bare Mr. aud Mrs Symonda called up immediately. landlord.camc down ; and pn eapreBalug hiB ap^rebeiuion^ |ibat Mr. Leadbetttr WMjrerj illi.as(' lliilooks Btemed loindi- Date,-waB informed tbat indeed be was not well. Mr, L. proceeded to relate all that<bappeued to bioj. and concluded . -by expressing his firm conviction that 'some horrible murder had been committed ob the premises in tbe night, Mr. Symhnds jOn' hearing the tale, was Bcircely leaa' alarmed than tbe ;relater. The iogae waaiiuickiy j^e terrors of tbo host Wnd'tiostess; 'and the husiness ot tbo fair was almost forgotten -in the wonder excited }>y the story, which lost nothing by repetition to the eeyetal guests 'of tbeiun, as they euc- 'ceaatvely inquired' into lbe cauae of tbe early i 'At six o'clock the ostler, whose room Mr. L. had pecupied, arrived from a lodging whicb ho bkd got inHhe town, on' being tiirnod out of his uaoal,'bed,Much' plengure waa;vxpreaaod ou seeing him ; . audwou 4he story being told him, ^jlftfby," said he, " I'll Jav my life i know the ghost ver^ ffell ; it ^as'the .dvt'f and dnmb lellow'that cpmoa to he)p me to' kill the pigs, aud, )wh'D always pomea .up to my'room to call %e'wberi ! wcsave hue to kill '"Tllo murder was out I Itsaas'ibdecd the deaf aud dumb fellow, who had made an appomtment with {tbe oatler j^ki(l|> pig^t^outii'^locktbo morning,-and- ) \izf ; bad gone first to awaken nim, and a second time for the same " •tuck tho pig. :..... 