SHOULD WE BELIEVE IN GHOSTS? It is diffioult to determine whether tbe .' ought' of -your query implies nnothioal or a soiontifio obligation: and I .am afraid the one as little admits of affinal .answer as tho other. The present writer romembors a lady interpolating in ine miner, or a aiaonssion on tho subject of ghosts .'the! following "'highly .original -.objection jVOh Hsbuti .the ..Bible says thoro may'nt be . gfiosta !' This, ol oourso, was beside tjio mark, even though the lady was prepared "fo quote ohapter and verse— whioh1 'I doubt. And somo one, I remombor, immediately hoisted her on lier own petard with the oitation of tho Witqh of Endor evoking tho spirit of Samuel from the bowels of the earth. There seems nothing in the oxistenoo of'ghosta aotually at variance with onrront religious notions. To ooneodo their oxist onoe is to postulate im mortality or. at any rate, a period of lifo of some sort after death. Though, on tho other hand, it is possible to hold with the Bishop of St/ Asaph in ' his opinion that 4 suoh means wore unworthy of the Deity to employ'— ' such means ' referring to the ' referring to the ohildish, oaprieiohs, aimless and knavish tricks whioh oliaraotorise tho .rooorded notions of tho- n&jority; of ghosts, proving them to bo possessed of a far lower intelligence than our own. The .claims of Soienoe aro no loss , diffioult to dotorinino. If wo aodopt unconditionally tlio onormous accumulation of oviile'nnb and observation, wo are; bound to boliovO that ghosts exist. On the other band, uqno of /our . senses is infallible : things are not always "what.tbey soem aud there Is a vast fiifforohbe' betwabn untrained obseryhHon.iand' : the soiontifio observation ' 6f'phenotikena '/(though", it : is generally, impossible to analyse the. ehaf- aoter of ordinary observatiou with any approiioh to finality). The Prinoo of Wules oarries, wherever ho goes, a pipo, half an ounoo of tobacco, six oigarettoB, two cigars, a oigar cutter, matches aud n oompass ; all fittod into one sinaU pooket oase. . This was desigued by tho Priupess Maud, who, by tbe way, is a very smart invoutor. 