CUBRKiT TOPICS. There, is perhaps hardly a single offence more abonjinable to civilisation than that of the blackmailer — the wretch who In posses sion of a secret concerning the honour of an- other, or who inventing from the blackness of his own filthy soul a charge against another, uses these devices for the purposes of extort ing money from his victim's fears. The an nals of every prison record the names of men of almost every class and degree who have been sentenced for this abominable crime; but it may safely be affirmed that a far lar ger number of blackmailers are outside than inside the gaol. Michael Davltt, in that ex cellent book of his, "Leaves From My Prison Diary," gives us a glimpse of the lower order of blackmailers, the fist and bludgeon brutes, who in the English great cities prey upon the foolish, the unwary, or the weak, and he shows that even the lowest caste of crimi nals hate and despise these scoundrels. But there are men, and women too, of education who carry on, and successfully, the hateful occupation. Mr. Labouchere — than whom no man living knows more of the seamy side of human nature, and who has more dreadful ' secrets in his keeping than eyen the great George Lewis himself— averred not long ago that hundreds of men in the highest posi- tions were, owing either, to g|d|lt, or to. fear of exposure, in the handB of black mailers, who bled their victims and their dupes while money or life remained to the latter. Men perfectly innocent, but yet ac cused suddenly of abominable offences, have frequently paid tribute ito these bloodsuckers for a life time rather than risk the breath of scandal, or perhaps for the . sake of the peace of mind of an invalid wife or child. And yet, faced and flouted, these rascals, ninety-nine 'times out of a hundred, prove the veriest and most pitiful poltroons con ceivable. There was a story, possibly quite tine, for the baser degree of blackmailers largely frequent the London parks, that Mr. Gladstone, years ago, walking from the House of Commons through Hyde Park, was accosted and threatened by one of these gen try, nnd quietly dropped his accuser over a bridge Into the ornamental water below. Be "that as it may, they have few terrors and little or no power over the really resolute man. This was pretty conclusively proved a short time ago by the ninnager of tlie Wickhum branch of the A.J.S. Bank, who re ceived a threatening 'letter demanding money. The manager promptly communi cated with the . police, with , the result that the intending blackmailer yesterdny received a sentence of .two years and six months in Maitland gaol. The conduct of the gentle man referred to should be a lesson and a warning to all persons similarly threatened. If they will only have the moral courage to at once inform the police these functionaries will do all the rest ithat is required. The result, of the Narrabri by-election may not, though a ldbor member lias won the seat, , be of any. great . consequence to tlie- protec tionist cause, . seeing that the seat can only be. held by Mr. Hugh Ross until the general election, which will take place within a few weeks, relieves him from legislative cares, and the burden of an honour unto which he was not born. But this is hardly the ques tion. The only matter to be really deplored in connection with the recent contest is the inconsistent conduct of some of the protec tionists of the electorate. Mr. Dale, who despite all opposition, free-trade, protection ist, and labour, was only beaten by the trifling majority of 25, was the properly se lected and accredited representative of the protectionist cause. Prior to his candidature circulars were sent out to ascertain the sup port he might expect to receive, and, judging by the replies to these documents, he held a substantial majority of votes. Notwith standing this. fact and that the protectionists of the electorate were pledged to give him their suffrages, another protectionist candi date, Mr. Barton, leaped, into the arena. Exactly why it is imposible to say, because the result of the voting showed what must have been abundantly evident before the election, viz., that Mr. Barton had not a ghost of a chance. . Far too much of this kind of thing goes on at elec tion times, and is altogether subversive of that organisation and discipline by which, and by ' which alone, a political party can hope to achieve victory.- Some more or less well-meaning protectionist, either beguiled by the promises issuing from some little cave of Adullam. or by his own vanity, or by both, persuades himself that his chances of suc cess are better than those of the regularly accepted protectionist candidate, or that his political geniuB exceeds that of the latter, and that the country cannot long survive without his services. This is the jgravest sort of mistake; the country will continue, though quite a number of self-supposed geniuses are absent from its councils. Elec tioneering is not all sentiment and shouting, beer and skittles; practical commonsense should guide party polities, and a very small quantum .of that' commodity ib sufficient to demonstrate that two candidates cannot win one and the same seat, and that when two candidates start for one seat In the same ' political interest one of those must either be a very deluded man or is deliberately playing his party false. "We make no In sinuation of treachery against Mr. Barton, we merely say he was deceived, probably by t|ie promises of some small collection of for tuitous political atoms. Nevertheless, what happened at Narrabri on June 3rd last Bhoqld : be taken very seriously to heart by every protectionist voter and candidate at the next general election. If the cause is to win per sons must spnietimes for the general good be sacrificed to principles. 