CHAPTER IV.—THE MOORING OF “THE WARDER.” In spite of his wound, which smarted, Combo Carter slept until awakened by voices at the mouth of his shelter,where Sam Johnson and a group of his men were conversing. “It’s the most extraordinary thing I ever heard of!” remarked Johnson. “He’s disappeared as if he was a ghost.” “The storm did it” said another. “He got away under cover of that, with the traps close at his heels.” “But where to?” asked a boyish voice. “The police swear they were close to him when the storm broke—just near our fence here. I wouldn’t have him escape for the worth of my right hand! I can’t help fancying, yet, he’s planted some where about the waterside. If you don’t mind, Mr Johnson, I'll just have one more look.” “Look and welcome. Master Stratton,” replied the owner of the foundry. “But every corner’s been turned upside down, and no sign. I believe, my self. he’s collared a boat, and is out at sea by this time.” At the name of Stratton the hidden listener had pricked up his ears. Could this be the son of the bank manager that he had shot, after killing his father? It was funny if such should be the cas.e. And he was not left long in doubt. “Poor young chap,” remarked one of the men. “I knew his father well, afore | that brute Combo did for vim. Plugged | the kiddy, "too, didn’t he, boss?” ; “Wounded him badly,” replied John- = son. “His mother wanted him to take -i [ billet in the bank after he came out of1 the hospital. They offered him one at! once, blit he couldn’t trear the notion. So! they apprenticed him fie me. Smart and I hands-ike’s turned oat, too. Did most df the work on the Red Warder here, be sides ’chawin' the pletis for him. IS?or/, 'tads, -Some of you ’go up to the Marins ' Storeyard and get the trolly to put ’«Se Warner on. They're going to Mike ffiisn out in the afternoon, as soon as .peor Ashton's buried.” '“Tes, decidedly,” thought the WJr darer, hardly atfie to repress a chudkle, as he crouched t.way from tine circular globe of light, “it was funic-7 that the son of the man'he had shot ibecause he wouldn’t put up his hands when ordered should have 'Ween the one 'to !ha>vc the biggest share !»h- building tSife -sifendid niding-place -‘No one wou5.fi ever •.'£ ream of searching It; there. That was evident. At nightfall .’he would come’out, vend, if he could but’steal a horse, 'lie might yet be able to str ap his fingers at ’them all. And they ware, apparently, ‘gohigi-.o take the thing he was in away -somewhere. Up country; perhaps sn -the (railway. Likely enough it was -a sort of new fangled tank for use on.n•■station:; maybe to dip sheep in. If they’d only drop a bit of tucker in, he’d be fixed right up to the knociK.r. But, faiSng’that, the bac ea’d have to stand him.'” (So ran the villain’s i thoughts, as already in his mind’s eye he saw ldimsdif ■ once more free, and back again iin his • old haunts^ or even farther out—night.-across to the;; Territory. I By-an'd-by, he heard a woice close to: the hole say: “No news?” “None,” was tbe reply, -in the same youthfcil tones which lie recognised as young Ltratton’s. Port JEndeavour-’s been searched from (top to ’bottom with out success. Now a. parby dsas' gone in land, and another «ne down the harbor along -each sljore. I oame>back because I thought the Waiter’s li'd -was a trifle big for the slot, and I'knew the Board people wouldn’t care about being kept waiting now they’ve got-their moorings ready at the reef.” Then there was a sound of chipping as of a ©old chisel upon iron,iand, presently, something was clapped .into .the'man hole,’, fitting so closelyasdo. show not the faintest gleam of light. -Suddenly the buoy was rolled over, shaking: and bruis ing its occupant considerably, and caus ing ihim to mutter deep -cursesvas he picked himself up and sought vainly, for something to hold on. to. The darkness was intense, and the 'heart, ‘engendered by the sun heating on the-iron plates all the morning, grew a 1 meet unbearable now that the only opening was closed. In ’desperation, the wretch Slipped- off his clothes and lay naked upon them, -with the hot iron burning his Skin wherever it touched. All at once he felt that his shelter had been, lifted up bodily, and was moving. The heat grew fiercer, .and the sweat poured off him 'like rain. But he-set his teeth and suffered it. Present ly die felt the thing he was .in moving with a new motion. Swinging ithrough the air, this time; whilst a dim :rattle came to his ears. This was when the Warder was being hoisted on rto the Marine Board tender Thetis, ‘Captain Haynes; and the rattle was the noise of her steam winch. It grew somewhat cooler now:. But, presently, another and an altogether novel motion puzzled him. He had eer tainly never experienced anything'like it before. It was not that of a railway. And what could be making him pant so distressfully, and draw his breath with such difficulty? Air, air, in Heaven’s name! He fumbled vainly about in the inky blackness for the lid he had /seen them put on, bruising his fingers and tearing his nails against clenched rivets. But ihe had lost all sense of locality, and kept groping upwards for the manhole when it was, in fact, under his feet. Nor would it have availed him any could lie have found it — cunningly turned and slotted,’ and caulked writh red lead and oakum, already as hard as adamant Denser and denser grew the atmosphere; his breath came and went in wheezy pantings. There was a weight as of tons pressing on his chest, and his heart hit his ribs like a hammer For, perhaps, the first time in his life terror came upon him. Where was he? What was being done to him? And as he staggered here and there, bruised and bleeding, against the hot sides of his pri son, gasping for breath, all at once his feet touched the murdered constable’s handcuffs that, together with his belt, he had pu.t on years ago—it seemed—in gaol. Picking them up, he battered with all .his feeble, sobbing might against the iron plates of the dreadful trap in which he had been snared. Suddenly the thing changed its posi tion to an upright one, and he fell head long to the bottom of it and lay there doubled up, the burning heat of his body turned in a moment to chilling cold; his chest felt as if it w-ere bursting, and strange, flaming shapes rushed hither and thither before his staring eyes. The dismal tolling of a bell, too, in his ears! Ah, how he hated hells! . . . Ding dong-dong-ding! . . . Now’ he knew. .... They had hanged him at last. That w’as the prison bell. . . . He w’asn’t quite dead yet, though. . . . Swinging at the end of the rope. . . . Curse them all!" “Didn’t you fancy you heard some thing rattling and knocking w’hen we lowered the Warder over the side, Haynes?” asked the President of the Marine Board as the Thetis steamed liomew’ards from the Cat and Kittens. “Rivet heads and an odd holt or two,” replied the skipper, shortly, easting a look back to where the great red buoy swung well out of the water, rocking and nodding to a westerly cross-swell, w’hilst to their ears came very distinctly the sullen booming- of the bell. -‘Strand Alasrazine. A Now York linn is bringing out a patent which should rcndeAhc altera tion of bank drafts or cheques very difficult. Miss Jessie Wertheimer, of Cineinnatti, is the inventor. The prin cipal feature of the new cheque is the form and particular make-up. From the top of the note to the name in whose favor the amount is made out. the paper is of usual thickness, but from Just below the name it graduallv tapers until it becomes as thin and transpar ent a*; tissue paper, at the same time preserving its strength and durability. It is as tough at the tissue end as at the top. If the amount has been rais ed, if changes have been made from the original draft, or if chemicals have been used, this will be shown immedia tely by holding it up against the light from the other side. Miss Wertheimer is said to have found it necessary to send to tliirty different paper manufac turers throughout the United States be fore she could secure one who was able to work out her ide§" 