ffOTIIMTyiRE LITERARY GOSSIP. "A Master of Mysteries," by L. T. Meade and Robert Eustace, published by Ward, Lock and Co., covers an Ingenious endea vor to stimulate the public appetite for sen sation In a new;, way, , Connn Doyle, with .his "Sherlock' Holriie's," gave a new interes.- to stories of crime by his rehabilitation of the detective Instinct, nnd Arthur Morrison. in his "Adventures of Martin Hewitt," fol lowed in the same: Hne. The "Dorrlngton Deed Box" w't&'%; variation on the theme, with the dltf eren'oe only . that - the criminal. Instead .'of the scientific investigator, was the hero. . Then Mr. Hornun'g has entered the field, ond . jv'th.sntlrlcnl: gravity' otters the society burglar" rfs a . fitting object for ad miration. " Max Pembcrton has taken jewel robberies as . bis particular . department In this branch- of literature.; The volume under notice, however, while not abandoning alto gether the stirring Incident of crime, strives ' SEVERE PUNISHMENT. \----First Boy: "Did your mother puniBh you for going swimming without her consent?" Second Hoy : "Yea." First Boy: "What did she do?" Second Boy: "Mude inc take a bath!" | to produce its Interest by the unrnvolllm. mysteries which contain the element of n, supernatural. The six stories included i.V this hook have all appeared In the "WhmJ Magazine." The supposititious narrator k , professional exposer of - ghosts, undertakes to clear away the u V- terios of . most haunted hous..' lie does not belie his reputation' as far as the opportuult.v Is given to hm - ' of his ability. A man is found dead "I remote country Inn, without any nmuii-. i , cause, hut Mr. Bell discovers tlmt death , been produced by the floor of his ohnu.b r being connected with the uxle shaft or mill, so that when the machinery is set ' motion the occupant of the room Is whin,'.; round nnd round until death Is caused bv t ', revolving floor Inducing an artlUchtl oon-ii Hon of apoplexy. Another most tln-llii !i Incident describes how the investigator , ',1 his client, in trying to discover the eh-.'--iv wardcr of the door in the fnmilv vault ' iV, ,i themselves Immured by the door cl'o. upon them without any apparent inovV.r Mr. Bell sets his wits to work, and eluel.1,,'!' the mystery by showing tlmt the collin tains magnetic iron ore, which, acting n magnet, attracts the iron door towards i',' nnd thus supplies the secret motive now. The other stories arc of similar ingenl,,. ' construction, and .If based on the it " bable, still serve the purpose for w'j, they were written. In exciting the atten-' . i of. the render. atccn.i u "The Hope of the Family" Is the title »...i which one of Alphonso Dnudct's stork-s i--. Issued In the form of a translation and now Included In Bell's Indian and CoUmiv Library. It Is not- the most favorable A ample which could have been chosen of tiVr" great French writer's ability and charm His power of delinentiug character Is dl"' played, and he Is merciless in dissection of the meaner motives which actuate man kind, but If his representation of society were to be accepted as absolute truth one would be forced to the conclusion tbnt there was neither honesty In man nor virtue in woman. Even where some element of goodness Is allowed It Is allied to an utter absence of common sense. The story de scribes the fortunes of the Endaliiu- family who belong to the bourgeois clnss In Paris' The father, ruined partly through his own- folly nnd partly through the extortionate roguery of. his landlord, makes "the expia tion of suicide," and leaves upon Raymond the eldest boy, -the responsibility of head ship. How he falls to fulfil this trust Is powerfully but cynically displayed, ne passes brilliantly through school, but the more praeticul duties are left to the artisan brother, Antonln, who keeps his iim-h.-i- -m,i sister, and even his elder brother, while the latter Is Indulging In ambitious hopes never destined to be realised. Raymond becomes more and more contemptible. He is adored rind admired by his own people, except the clear sighted Dlna, nnd he does uot hesi tate to return the self-surrender of his brother by the most unscrupulous ingrati tude. He strives to show his literary talent by writing a book, In which lie appears in the guise of a hero weighted down by the bilrden of common relatives. He accepts -the sncriflce of a girl, the daughter of his greatest benefactor, who surrenders both virtue nnd dowry to maintain him In selfish luxury. Then, at the end, when he takes his brother's place In the conscription, leav ing him to look nfter Ills mistress and un born. child, we are almost expected to ad mire his heroism. The scorn of the poli tician, which Is manifested by Duudet Is Justified by recent events In France, but If his representation comes near the truth pntrlotlsm mny well despair of the future of the nation. Ministers, deputies nnd placemen are all alike described as tulnted with cor ruption and rotteu. to the core. "Do you- known what I wonld-dowlth Hits place?" says old Izonrd— apostrophising the Palais Bour bon— "I would close the floor for three years, hut I would open air the windows so that the place could got, disinfected, for It is plague stricken.' Since the death of Gnm- bettn It hns gone rotten. It Is money, money everywhere, nnd the country nowhere. That Is why I would close the door for three years. I ,wouhl show the country that It can get on without- these people; anil it would be much- better without: ;thpui." There can hardly he a iloubt that Diuidet was express , lng 'his own conviction In these impassioned utterances. ' < 