THE CARDINAL'S ADVENT DIS COURSES. THE UNITY OF THE CATHOLIC CHURCH. JUDAS, ARIU3, LUTHER, HENRY THE EIGHTH, AND THE OTHER 'RE- FORMERS.' THE DISTINGUISHING FEATURE OF PROTESTANTISM— ITS DIVISIONS. COLONIAL ANGLICANISM EATEN AWAY BY THE WHITE ANT OF DISCORD. At St. Mary's Cathedral, on Sunday morning last, the Cardinal- Archbishop delivered the first of a aei'ies of Advent addresses. It will be noticed that his Eminence made special references to the Angli can Church Conference held last week at Ballarat, Victoria, and which was attended by Anglican prelates representing all the colonies. Hia Eminence first read the Gospel of the Day (Lukexxi, 25-33)— ?' At that time Jesus said to His disciples: There shall be signs in the sun, and in the moon, ami in the stars ; and upon the earth, distress of nations, by reason of the confusion of the roaring of the sea and of the waves, men withering away for fear, and expectation of what alrnll come upon the whole world. For the powers of heaven shall be moved ; and then they shall see the Son of Man coming in a cloud with great power and majesty. But when these things begin to come to paso, look up and lift up your heads ; because your redemption is. at hand. And He opoke to them a similtude. See the fig-tree, and all the trees ; when they now shoot forth their fruit, you know that summer is nigh ; bo you also, when you shall see these things come to pass, know that the kingdom of God is at hand. Amen, I say to you, this generation shall not pass away, till all things be fulfilled. Heaven and earth shall pass away, but my words shall not pass away.' It y/as a saying of one of the great doctors of the Barly Church that there was nothing on earth God loved bo much, as His own Holy Church. If we reflect for a moment, we realize how just was this Holy Father's remark. The Incarnation was the moaterpiece of God's power, it was the triumph of God'o love for our poor fallen race. In this sub lime and sacred mystery -was accomplished the holy purpose of founding a Divine Church on earth and ox matting tnat unurcn tne repository ior an time of God'a blessings and graces. In this sublime Mystery Almighty God links -with the mission of Holy Church His own mission of perfecting the work of Redemption. So it may be justly said that there io nothing on earth that the Creator so much lovea aa Hie own Church. For is not Holy Church, Divinely founded and Divinely sustained, the fulfil ment of all God'a promises — the accomplishment of all the prophecies of the redemption of our fallen racer And God, in setting the seal of heaven on the brow of Hio Church, bestowed the gifts of Unity, Sanc tity, Apootolicity, and Catholicity — those Divine marko which, are incommunicable to any sect or body outside the one true fold of Christ. During the Sundays of Advent he (the Cardinal) would ask them to conoider these marks, by which the Church of God was alone distinguished. That day it would suffice to direct their thoughts to one of these marks —to the marvellous, the glorious Unity of Holy Church. Nothing perhaps is more clearly set forth in the Gospelo than the truth that His Church id one. It T/ould suffice to refer to the beautiful prayer of Our Blessed Lord and Redeemer at the last hour after bequeathing the Sac xainent of Love to His Apostles. We will find the prayer beautifully set forth in. the 17th chapter of St. John : — ' I have glorified Thee on the earth ; I . have finiohed the work which. Thou gavest Me to do. And now glorify Thou Me, O Father, with Thyself, with the glory which I had, before the world ,uao, with. Thee. I have manifested Thy name to the men whom Thou has given Me out of the ?\7oria. mine tney were, ana to me rnou gaveot them ; and they have kept thy word. . . And not for them only do I pray, but for them also -//ho through their word shall believe in Me. That they all may be one, as Thou, Father, in Me, and I in Thfie ; that they also may be one in us ; that the world may believe that Thou hast sent Me. And the glory which Thou hast given Me, I have given to them ; that they may be one, as we also are one. I in them, and Thou in Me ; that they may be made perfect in one ; and the world may know that Thou hao cent Me, and hast loved them, as Thou hast aloo loved Me. Father, I will that where I am, they aloo whom Thou hast given Me may be with Me ; that they may see my glory which Thou hast given Me, because Thou hast loved Me before the creation of the world. Just Father, the world hath not known Thee; but I have known Thee; and theae have known that Thou hast sent Me. And I have made known Thy name to them, and will make it known ; that the love wherewith Thou hast loved Me, may be in them, and I in them.' UNITY THE TEST POINT. There could be no clearer words of Our Saviour shoving that the blessing of unity had been set as a oeal on Holy Church. Our Saviour praya that thio blesoing of Unity may descend not only upon Hio Apoctlec but upon their successors. Our Lord in thio prayer to His Heavenly Father makes the Unity of the Most Blessed Trinity a type and oymbol of the Unity of His Church on earth. He prays that Unity may shine aa a heavenly star on Hio Church, distinguishing her from every other community. In this beautiful prayer Our Lord breathes a wish, a de3ire, that Unity should be a test point of Hio Church on earth. This Unity, then, is tha distinctive feature of the Church of Our Divine Saviour. By this Unity Our Saviour dcoirec the world, to the end of time, to recognize Hio Church. Elsewhere in the Gospels Our Saviour opeako of those outside the fold. ' Other cheep I have that are not of this fold ; them also I muot bring, that they shall hear My voice.' (John, x, 16.) In all His discourses, Our Saviour preaches the aame Divine Truth. In one of the most beautiful titles by which the Church is ad dressed, the Apootle speaks of her as ' the chosen Spouae of ChriGt.' Thic Apostle tells us that Holy Church, has the power to cleanoe and sanctify uo, for she 'in without apot or wrinkle, or any such thing.' Our Saviour dwells on the Unity of Go vernment, the Unity of Fath: He was the Chief Pastor, but gathering around Him the Apostles, He singles out St. Peter, and to St. Peter He oaya :— ?' Feed My lambs ; feed My sheep.' Our Lord thus appointed St. Peter the Deputy Shepherd — His Vicar on earth. Again Our Lord, addressing St. Peter, says ' I have prayed for thee that, thy faith fail not ; and tbou being onco converted, con firm thy brethren,' Our Saviour takes occasion, when instructing His Apostles, to nay, ' Thou art Peter, and on thio rock I will build My Church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it.' He has built His Church upon the liock of Peter's Faith, like ' to the wise man that built his house upon a rock, and the rain fell, and the floods came, and the winds blew and they beat upon that house, and it fell not, for it wasfoundedon arock,' not ''like to the foolish man that built his house upon the sand, and the rain fell, and the floods came, and the winds blew, and they beat upon that house, and it fell, and great was the fall thereof.' The Apostle of Nations takes up the same great truth, and tells us that the Church of Christ is ' the House of God, the Church of the living God, the pillar and the ground of truth.' The Apostle adds that there ' is one faith, one God, one baptism.' Our Savour Himself tells us how it is that this human work of the Divine hand — Holy Church — has the blessing of this Divine Unity. It is because Our Lord Himself is ever present in the Sacrifice of the Altar. ' All power is given to Me in Heaven and on earth ; go ye, therefore, and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost, teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you, and lo i I am with you all days, even to the consummation of the world.' Our Saviour's commission to His Apostles was that they were to teach all nations. ' Preach the. Gos pel to every creature ; he that believeth and is bap tized shall be saved ; he that believeth not shall be condemned.' Again Our Lord tells Hio Apostles that He had prayed to His Heavenly Father to send them the Spirit of Truth. It was a Kingdom to last to the end of time for the purpose of teach ing mankind the way to Heaven. It was to con tinue the work of Him Who said : ' I am the Way, the Truth, and the Life' ; ' I am the Light of the World ; he that followeth Me wa'.keth not in dark ness.' To this Kingdom is to come 'the Paraclete, the Holy Ghost, Whom the Father will send in My v-i n w-» *-v / \\!5r Vi /'. \ inn 1 1 4-/io/'»ri irr\li oil t* r» ^ 1-^ r»rt «»-\r1 nvin « oil lJ.ul.LlCj I Vv uu i tmi i/cuvu y uu t*j.x uiiiij^o aiiu uixiig tiii things to your mind, whatsoever I shall have said to you.' And again : 'But when He, the Spirit of Truth, is come, He will teach you all truth.' It was the promise of Our Lord that the Paraclete — the Spirit of Truth — would abide with them for ever. A GLORIOUS BROTHERHOOD. Our Lord is ever present, He io, so to speak, the Divine guarantee of Unity. How grand is the pre rogative. Every tongue, every nation, is embraced in the one true fold. The latest converts to the faith, such as the natives of New Guinea, simple natives lisping the first rudiments of the faith, may look out upon the world and claim brotherhood with the most en lightened, the most devoted members of the Church. The glory of Holy Church v/as the inheritance of the humblest and the poorest of her children. All the triumphs of Holy Church during the nineteenth centuries were the inheritance of her children of to-day. Just as an army preserves its traditions of conquest, perhaps for hundreds of years, so Holy Church preserves trophies of victory. Just; as a victorious army carries the flags and banners v/hich tell o£ victories on the battlefield, so Holy Church carries aloft the standard of the cross, telling of victories won in the name of the Saviour and Redeemer. Each triumph of the Cross of Christ should inspire us with fresh courage, and lead us on to new victories. THE MARTYRS AND THE HEROES. If we look to the age of martyrs it is to claim fcheiF heroism as ours. This is our precious inheritance. Again, if we look to the sanctity of the saints of old, to those who have ennobled our race by their angelic goodness, it is to claim their sanctity a3 our own. This is our unspeakably great privilege. If we are cold in faith ourselves, and poor in good works, we can look to our brothers in the faith, our brothers in unity, and it is our privilege, to offer to Almighty God' the homage of their sanc tity — in our own behalf. Truly this is a grand and glorious privilege. Need he say how fully this was realized in the Catholic Church. The little child learning the Cathechism was drawing in all those principles from which came all the enlightenment that enabled the Sovereign Pontiff to safely guide the Barque of Peter. The child and the Vicar of Christ had the same eternal principles of Divine liuiii lu tjiiugiiutjii aim BLieugoiien wieui. .auiu m this was set forth the secret of the marvellous Unity of Holy Church. Even those not of the Church pointed to this Unity as the most perfect type of Unity. THE CHURCH CANNOT BE IMITATED. And this Unity is marvellous because it is the special gift of Our Divine Saviour. It is the mark by which His Church will be known to the end of time. It is a3 a heavenly light on the brow of Holy (Jhurch, shielding her from harm and invit ing all who are outside the fold to enter and parti cipate 'in all the abundant blessings of Divine love and mercy. It may be asked why is it that some human power has not been able to devioe some such Unity. The Unity of the Catholic Church could not be imitated because it was Divine. Whatever is earthly, whatever is purely human in the Church may be copied, but its Divine characteristics could not be copied. You may carve a perfect statue out of purest marble, but you cannot give it life. You may sketch a tree with wonderful fidelity and exactness, but you can no c impart to it life and fruitfulness. You may paint with wondrous art the sun chining in the fir mament, but you cannot impart a single ray of light or warmth. So it is with those who would by purely human means strive to copy and imitate Holy Church. It is God alone who can quicken a Church, it is only from Heaven that the Divine light can come — tho light of unfailing grace and everlasting blessing. REFORMS AND REFORMERS. There were at times, and perhaps there would ever be, many things to be corrected in Holy Church. The organization of the Church was sometimes entrusted to the hands of men who had human frailties. But it is the Church herself who must reform those things which needed reforming. Those who tore themselves away from Holy Church followed the example of Judas. The Scriptures tell ud that there were some things in the life of Our Lord which Judas thought should be reformed. For instance, the Apostle considered it a waste that the penitent Mary Magdalen should anoint the feet of Our Saviour with precious ointment. His thought was, 'Why should this ointment notbe sold?' Yet, if Judas had looked to Heaven for guidance he would have heard an angel voice saying, ' Reform thyself, JuJas ! Overcome thine own uovetousness, but do not betray your Divine Master.' Judas sold Our Lord to His enemies for a handful of silver. Judas was the first of the reformers of the Church of Christ. So if Arius, who led thousands astray with his heresy, had looked to Heaven, he would have heard the voice of an angel saying, ' Look to thine own imperfections, but do not rend the seam less garment.' Then again it'King Henry VIII., who, led away by his corrupt passions, set himself in war against the Vicar of Christ, had looked to Heaven he would have heard a voice telling him, ' You strive to reform the Church of God. Iteform your own corrupt heart, but destroy not the faith of your people — war not against God and Holy Church.' The fate of Judas fell upon Arius, it fell upon Henry VIII., upon Luther, upon Calvin, and many ether of the 'reformers.' Indeed, this fate seems to await those who from uge to age wage war against Holy Church. THE ANGLICAN BODY. What should he (the preacher) say of the Angli can Church ? Well, no matter what theories were advanced, the Anglican Church dated back to Henry VIII. as its author and founder. Claiming to be the Holy Catholic Church, was it not the hot-bed of aectD ? One who had taken the trouble to go into the matter asserted that fully 700 sects looked to the Anglican Church as their mother. Those who had separated from the Angli can Church relied on the same principles as those which the Anglicans themselves professed to hold when severing from the Catholic Church. Surely this was not the mark of Divine Unity ! Only last week a Congress of the Anglican Church had been held in Ballarat. What v/as the distin guishing feature of Anglicanism in Australia? The answer was, ' Its divisions.' It was the distin guished president of the Congress who was himself obliged to say that Anglicanism was known by its manifold divisions. Looking to the Anglican Church in. England and in Australia, it must Qtrike an observer that there was not a single truth upon which the Bishops, the clergy, and the laity were agreed. Firat of all, the Anglican Church questioned and denied eternal punishment. They got rid of Hell. Then they denied the Divinity of Our Lord. So one by one eauu luiiutmieiiicu. uruum ui luitii iuuuu men tu question it and to cancel it from their creed. Extreme divergence of doctrine was phrased as assertion of principles of liberality. To-day origi nal sin and Baptism are made points of dispute. But the burning question is the Blessed Eucharist. With Catholics the Blessed Euehasist io the centre of our hopes, the fountain of God's mercy and love. In. the Anglican communion the sacred traditions, in Borne meaoure, have been'handed on; there had been a desire to preserve at least the outward form of this most precious Sacrament, yet the men in the Anglican body v/ho professed belief in the Real Preoence were described as Jesuits in disguise. Some in the Anglican communion held that there wed a oacrifi.ee and an offering, and that there is an alter. Othero hold that there is no altar and no sacrifice, and that the Blessed Eucharist is simply a commemorative rite. On this most essential teach ing of Holy Faith Protestantism was split into fragments. DECAY OF ANGLICANISM IN AUSTRA LIA. One speaker at the Anglican Congress in Ballarat asked the question, ' What is the Anglican Church in Australia to-day r' The speaker himself supplied the answer. .He said that the Anglican Church was like a beam of wood, the substance of which had been eaten away by white ants. Outwardly, the beam had the appearance of strength and solidity, but it was hollow. These (said the Cardinal) are not my words. They are the words of one of the Deans, and the statement, coming from such a source and at such an assemblage, is most striking and most significant. Let us thank Almighty God that we are members of the Church of Our Divine Saviour-— members of that Church whose unity ia as perfect to-day as when the Church first came from the hand of God. THE CITY OF PEACE AND THE CITY OF nAliTriTTCiTi \TVT What are tVie positions to-day of the Church of Christ — the Holy Catholic Apostolic Church — and the Church of the Reformation ? On one side we have perfect unity ; on the other com plete disunion. We have the City of Peace and the Citj' of Confusion. On the one hand, we have the Church of Christ repeating the Divine invitation, ' Come to Me all ye who labour and are heavily burdened, and I will refresh you.' In God's Church all the fountains of Divine mercy and Divine love overflow with the living waters of True Life and spiritual grace. On the other hand we see others, many sects, endeavouring to draw water from broken cisterns. In Holy Church we find growing the Tree of Life, whose leaves are for the healing of her children of all nations. On the other hand, we see a tree sending forth no branches, yielding no fruit, for it is but a hollow trunk, the substance of which has been eaten away. Let us give thanks to Almighty God for tho blessing of living in the City of Peace, the City of Unity. More than 250 millions of mankind are agreed in the Unity of the Catholic Faith, men of every race, nation, and class, rich and poor, educated and un educated, old and young. Those without the fold who are seeking for water in empty wells should hearken to the words of Our Divine Saviour: ' 0 that thou hadst faith.' But it is not sufficient to belong to Holy Church. We must make ourselves worthy of that membership, We must show forth in our lives an abundance of fruitfulness-- the fruitfulness of faith, of piety, of charity and good tvorks. And we must look to the ever-shining diadem of Holy Church radiant with heavenly light to guide us in our pilgrimage on earth, and in that diadem the brightest gem is the Divine gift of Unity 