A Melbourne Letter. ? -o ? — (From Our Special Correspondent.') Melbouune, January 14. The mellifluous Yan Yean water supply secretes strange bedfellows. To say nothing of luscious green frogs and merry tadpoles who revel in its liquid depths, the wonderful amount of animal and microbe life which increases and multiplies within its friendly bounds would take an army of scientists to dis sect and classify. Plenty of wire worms from lit to 3ft in length have emerged from water taps in the metropolis. One enterprising and experimental youth while quenching his thirst at a street tap imbibed a slimy worm six inches long. It slipped down without any trouble, but the boy was soon afflicted with worse sensatioas in his ' innards ' than even Christmas ? pud dings entail on youthful, but ardent, devotees. The family medico was sum moned to the rescue, and after the doubtful lad had been induced to take a further trial shipment on board, in the shade of a strong emetic, the worm, like our old friend Jonah, emerged on dry land alive and kicking ; in fact, rather refreshed after his sojourn in hitherto unexplored regions. ' A Vice-regal detachment descended upon the Benevolent Asylum, and did the rounds amid plenty of bowing and scraping. The cortege halted for- a space at Monte Carlo, and viewed a handful of dissipated old gamblers eagerly handling the devil's books, with chips of: tobacco in the pool. Many of the old fogies delight in the pastime, and find a mild gamble adds a spice of excitement to their otherwise colorless existences.. The stake is of great value in their eyes, and the wrinkled old faces light up as the game assumes an inter esting /turn. Every day sees the cards in full swing, hence the name of ' Monte Carlo.' The Government House invasion was greatly taken with the scene and sent four packs of cards to the hardened plungers— but, alas ! no baccy. Cards are all very well, but the inmates of the B.A. might be offered three wishes, like the proverbial sailor, the first would be baccy, the second baccy, and the third more baccy. The old people seem to have very jolly times in the institution, and appear well looked after, and are certainly comfortably housed. But, my eye ! how they do talk ? One elderly dame will hold forth for hours about her career, her children, her children's child ren, and her great grand-children, and one drags oneself away with confused recollections as to whether it was Mary Jane or Mary Jane's Jane 'or Jane's Mary Ann who would marry the blacksmith and repented it ever after, and lost seven children on end. Mr. Forlonge, the popular bikingbar rister, suffered a partial eclipse on a trip from Melbourne to Ballarat. His machine was not fitted with a brake, and the man of law in coming down a hill as steep as a house, and as rough as a bul lock puncher, turned a neat somersault, and bunged one eye. However in due course he arrived at his destination, and applied the succulent beef steak — hitherto the privilege restricted to his clients — to his injured optic. Forlonge was putting up at the Club Hotel, and when descending the stairs somehow took a header and landed 20ft lower down than he anticipated. When the pieces had been conducted to an adjoin ing bedroom, a local Sawbones was summoned to do the mending. It then transpired that besides a severe shock and shaking the lawyer had broken several bones and sprained his left wrist. A nasty cut on the lip was stitched up and necessitated five stitches ; and the bones were set under chloroform. Mr. For longe is reported to be slowly recovering and realises that the extra weight involved by a brake attachment is a small thing as compared with the damage the want of one may cause, as it was the meat in his eye that caused him to miss his foot ing and gyrate so unpleasantly. The minimum wage in the boot trade of 86s per week came into operation with the new year. There is nothing to prevent employers if they ' feel so disposed ' paying at a higher rate ; but the log lays down the law for nothing under. Whether this rate will fit all parties, while allowing operatives to keep body and ' sole' together, remains a doubtful issue. The question whether employers can keep their soles on earth while paying the scale demanded is also a moot point. If not, they will only be in the same case as so many dis missed hands are at present — aground on their uppers. The employees, how ever, are not at all satisfied with the log, and badly wanted 7s 6d per diem instead of 6s. At midnight Superintendent Brown was chasing in his dreams a gory murderer who had basely filched the life of a fellow-mortal. His pleasant occupation was rudely interrupted by a ring at the telephone. A man was dying from the effects of poison at the Melbourne Hos pital, and prayed that he might see the detective before he ';passed in his checks.' With all speed the sleuth hound of the law donned his day attire, and pro ceeded, speculating on what ghastly deed was this about to be revealed to him from the lips of the dying man, to the hospital. His anticipations of a good case were considerably dashed when the poisoned individual related that he had accidentally helped himself to chloride of mercury instead, of carbonate of s'oda and that no one was implicated in the crime. The sufferer made a ' statement to this effect, which Brown took down and the man signed, so that no' innocent person should swing for poisoning him. After these little preparations for quitting this weary world were all con cluded satisfactorily, the poisoned one omitted to croak, and is now recovering. Brown's language not recorded. You West Australians are apt to laugh at us t'othersiders when we growl about the heat ; but the record week of ' scorchers ' Victoria has just put up was no laughing matter. Everybody in the city looked limp and flabby, and ap peared to be undergoing the processes of a Turkish bath. No less than 38 deaths directly attributable to the heat were re ported in the colony. One sad case was that of a young man who was contem plating double-harness in the near future, and had bought and furnished a house in readiness. He was going up to Gippsland to see a brother, and his dead body was discovered near Lang Lang, with his bicycle lying alongside. The exertion of riding a long distance in the great heat proved too much, and he fell by the wayside. Babies seem to have been affected a good deal by the heat, Wit whether this is because their consti tutions are not inmured to such weather or that the milk supply would naturally become contaminated in a high tempera ture, has not been determined. One after another, eight infants at Ballarat gave up the ghost, and many others in different districts have followed, their example. The best ' dairy- fed' babies seem to go off the quickest. Heat apo plexy, sunstroke, and exhaustion are the most common causes of the deaths reported. The State schools are awarding medals and' certificates to the children who top the poll for regular attendance. One girl went to school every school, day for ten years without missing once. She had to walk two miles there and two miles home again all through that period. What a wild craving for knowledge that girl must have been afflicted with. A little boy at Doncaster has put in aver three years and four months without once absenting himself from class. Seeing also that he lives three miles from school he has, during 767 consecutive days' attendance at school, walked to and fro a distance of 4602 miles — almost a world's record. . 