Cards in Clmrcli. THE SOLDIER'S BIBLE. Tho following curious article Is taken from an English newspaper of the year 1773, and is» there called the "Perpetual Almanac" or the Soldier's Prayer Book,' by Richard Lane, a private soldier belonging to the third regiment, who was taken before the Mayor of Glasgow for playing cards during divlne service :— The sergeant commanded the Soldier to church, and when tho parson read his prayers and took his text, those who had a Bible took It out; but the soldier had neither a Bible or a Common Prayer Book, but, pulling out a pack of cards, he spread them out before him. He first looked at one card and then at another. The sergeant of the company saw him, and said: ' Richard, put up the cards this is no place for them'. 'Never mind that said Richard'. When the service was over, the constable look Richard prisoner and brought him before the Mayor. 'Well,' said the Mayor, 'what have you brought this soldier here for.' ' For playing cards in church.' ' Well, soldier, what have you to say for yourself?' 'Much Sir, I hope,' ' Very good if not, I will punish you more than ever man was punished.' ' I have been,' said the soldier, 'about six weeks on the march; I have neither Bible nor Common Prayer Book; I have nothing but a common pack of cards, and I hope, to satisfy your worship of the purity of my intentions.' ' Very good,' said the Mayor. Then, spreading the cards before the Mayor, he began with the ace. ' When I see the ace, it reminds me there is but one God. 'When I see the deuce, it reminds me of Father and Son'. 'When I see the three, it reminds me of Father, Son, and Holy Ghost.' 'When I see the four, it reminds me of the four Evangelists that preached, vis:- Matthew, Mark. Luke, and John'. 'When I see the five, it reminds me of the live wise virgins that trlmmed their lamps - There were ten, but five were fools and were sent out'. 'When I see the six, it reminds me that in six days the Lord made heaven and earth'. ' When I see the seven, it reminds me that on the seventh day God rested from the work He had made, and hallowed it'. 'When I see the eight, it reminds me of the eight righteous persons that were saved when God drowned the world, vis:- Noah and his wife, his three sons and their wives'. 'When I see the nine, It reminds me of the nine lepers that were cleansed by our Saviour. There were ten, but nine never returned thanks'. ' When I see the ten, it reminds me of the Ten Commandments, which God handed down to Moses on a table of stone'. 'When I see tho King ot reminds me of the great King of Heaven, which is God Al- mighty'. ' When I see the Queen it reminds me of the Queen of Sheba, who went to hear the wisdom of Solomon, for she was as wise a woman as he was a man. She brought with her fifty boys and fifty girls, all dressed in boys apparel, for King Solomon to tell which were girls . King Solomon called for water for them to wash themselves the girls washed to their elbows, and the boys only to tho wrists ; so King Solomon told by this'. 'Well,' said the mayor, ' you have given a description of every card in tho pack except one'. 'What Is that,' asked tho soldier. 'The Knave,' said the Mayor,' ' I will give your honor a description of that, too, if you will not not be angry.' 'I will not', said the Mayor, 'If you will not term me as a knave'. 'Well', said the soldier, ' the greatest knave that I know of is the constable who brought me here.' 'I do not know', said the Mayor, ' whether he is the greatest knave, but I know he's the greatest fool,' 'When I count how many spots in a pack,' continued the soldier, ' I find 865— as many as there are days In the year'. 'When I count tho number of cards in a pack, I find there are 52— as many weeks as there are in a year; and I find four suits - the number of weeks in the month'. 'I find there are 12 picture cards in the pack, representing the number of months In the year; and, counting the tricks, I find 13 — the number of weeks in a quarter. So you see, sir, the pack of cards serves for a Bible, Almanac, and Common Prayer Book to me'. 