\ THE GHOST'S TOUChLJ V 1 A ' pKRISTMAS STORY. I BY FERGUS HUME, I Author of "The Mystery of a Hansom Cab," "The Third Volume." "The T I the Defence," etc., etc. I shall never forget the terrible Christmas I spent at Lavrock Grange in the year '93. As an army doctor I have met with strange adventures in far lands, and have seen some gruesome sigih s in the little wars which are constantly being waged on the frontiers of our Empire ; but it was reserved for an old country house in Hants to be the scene of the most noteworthy episode in my life. The experience was a painful one, and I hope it may never be repeated; but indeed so ghastly an event is not likely to occur again. If my story reads more like fic tion than truth, I can only quote the well-worn saying, of th latter being stranger than the former. Many a time in my wandering life have I proved the truth of this proverb. The whole affair rose out of the invi tation which Frank Ringan sent me to spend Christmas with himself and his cousin Percy at the family seat near Christchurch. At that time I was home on leave from India; and Shortly after my arrival I chanced to meet with Percy Ringan in Piccadilly. He was an Aus tralian with whom I had been intimate some years before in Melbourne; a dap per little man with sleek fair hair and a transparent complexion; looking as fragile as a Dresden china image yet with plenty of pluck and spirits. He suffered from heart disease, and was liable to faint on occasions; yet he fought against his mortal weakness with silent courage; and with certain precau tions against over-excitement, he man aged to enjoy life fairly well. Notwithstanding his pronounced ef feminacy, and somewhat truckling sub serviency to rank and high birth, I lik ed the little man very well for his many good qualities. On the present occasion I was glad to see him, and expressed my pleasure. Although I did not expect to see you in England," said I, after the first greet ings had passed. "I have been in London these nine months, my dear Lascelles," he said, in his usual mincing way, "partly by way of a change and partly to see my cousin Frank, — who indeed invited me to come over from Australia." "Is that the rich cousin you were al ways speaking about in Melbourne?" "Yes. But Frank is not rich. I am the wealthy Ringan, but he is the head of the family. You see, doctor," con tinued Percy, taking my arm and pur suing the subject in a conversational manner, "my father, being a younger son, emigrated to Melbourne in the gold- digging days, and made his fortune out there. His brother remained at home on the estates, with very Little money to keep up the dignity uf the family; so my father helped the head of his house from time to time. Five years ago both my uncle and father died, leaving Frank and me as heirs, the one to the family estate, the other to the Australian wealth. So " "So you assist your cousin to keep up the dignity of the family as your father did before you." "Well, yes," I do, admitted Percy, frankly. "You see, we Ringans think a great deal of our birth and position. So much so, that we have made our wills in one another's favor." "How do you mean?" "Well, if I die, Frank inherits my money; and if he dies, I become heir to the Ringan estates. It seems strange that I should tell you all this, Lascelles; but you were so intimate with me in the old days that you can understand my apparent rashness." i could not forbear a chuckle at the reason assigned by Percy for his confi dence, especially as it was such a weak one. The little man had a to-.ap fl a town-crier, and could no mor .H private affairs to himself thar V\'=P 8fl could guard a secret Beside- r mari fl very well that with his inheiv " JTB bishness he desired to impress ? the position and antiquity of :- ' „ fl and with the fact— undoubte tru I that It ranked amongst the lar/.'c H of the kingdom. -sentry ; However, the weakness thorr ,n v I taste, was harmless enough. . ; j no scorn for the confession or Sni I I felt a trifle bored, as I took , !;h |nt(! I est in the chronicling of such hh kj'l and shortly parted from Percy, "ter D r' I mising to dine with him th'- : Vilowtoff I week. 8 At this dinner, which took ; ce at th I Athenian Club, I met with R head o' I the Ringan family; or. to put Lplalnerfl with Percy's cousin Frank. i,jke the I Australian, he was small and - eat, but I enjoyed much better health , ,i lacked I the effeminancy of the other, i on the fl whole, I liked Percy the bet v.- as there fl was a sly cast about Frank counten- 1 ance which I did not relish , and he I patronised his colonial cousin rather fl an offensive manner. fl i f TW'i— tm i-nr»nw>yw —RTO. I SPRANG UP WITH A CRY ON RECOGNISING WHO IT WAS : "FRANK h,.v, . H The latter looked up to his English H kinsman with all deference, aiul would. I fl am sure, have willingly given his gold to H re-gild the somewhat tariii.-hed es- H cutcheon of the Ringans. outwardly, H the two cousins were so aid:- as to re- mind one of Tweedledum and Tweedle- H dee; but, after due consideration. I do- cided that Percy was the btt.er-natured H and more honorable of the c\ fl For some reason, Frank R i: ;an seemed desirous of cultivating my a u'laintance; and in one way and another : . aw a good deal of him during my stu;- London. Finally, when I was depar t; on a visit to some relatives in Norfolk ho invited M me to spend Christmas a Ringsharr Grange — not, as it afterwan appeared, H without an ulterior motive. H "I can take no refusal," s:' ; lie, with aheaitiness which sat ill n "fercj\ H as an old friend of yours. : - set hi> heart on my having you do- and— if I may say so — I have set my i t on the same thing." , fl "Oh, you really must com--. Lascelles, cried Percy, eagerly. "We Soin8 H keep Christmas in the res' 'd Engls fashion. Washington Irvii style, jou know — holly, wassail bowl, rues, an mistletoe." H "And perhaps a ghost or v ." fl Frank, laughing, yet with -de S an at his eager little cousin. H "Ah!" said I. "So you'- Grange r- haunted." , fl "I should think so," said i >' beIQod his cousin could speak, "an : l'1 3 8 fl old Queen Anne ghost, f . 0 ' H doctor, and Frank shall piR idU in H haunted chamber." fl "No!" cried Frank, with !iarpne fl which rather surprised me, "i '1 Pul one in the Blue Room; the r.."srqu fl might be fatal. You smiK basce , hut I assure you our ghost na® K proved to exist!" H "That's a paradox; a ghost caif t em- But the story of your ghost - H "Is too long to tell now," ?> ri Grange H laughing. "Come down to tee and you'll hear it." , H "Very good," I replied, rather attr ed by the idea of a haunted jut can count upon me for Chrr-trnas. M I warn you, Ringan, that I dor. in spirits. Ghosts went out „„ain fl "Then they must have conic m with electric light," retort- ? H Ringan, "for Lady Joan haunts the Grange. I don't mi- - adds distinction to the house. _ "All old families have a gho«- " p-portaatly. "It;f very natural Pc - ' in- has ancestors. ffhen ne n0 more said on the The\e for the time being, but the up- su'y . this conversation was that I £b0t ,a mvself at Ringsnaw Grange pre£e!u--d days before Christmas. To tw0 ;;v, ie truth, I came more on Percy's gpeaU the my own> as j knew the little acCC"J !ffered from heart disease, and a ma,n V 'choclc might prove fatal. If, in "healthy atmosphere of an old 11:0 ' h,- inmates got talking of ghosts h"' - iViins it might be that the conse- a"a -vould be dangerous to so highly qUf- and delicate a man as Percy B'J." %«: reason, joined to a sneaking \- ' c,->e the ghost, I found myself a d€5' Ringshaw Grange. In one way gUt - the visit; yet in another I regard 1 ref vidential that I was on the spot. £8ji ; ',%n absent the catastrophe might T 4"n greater, although it could 4\. v have been more terrible. S r haw Grange was a quaint Eliza- , house, all gables and diamond \- . " ;s end oriel windows, and quaint ea« - looking like an illustration out r ' J Christmas number. It was em- jn a large park, the trees of hi -4me up almost to the doors, and it first in the moonlight— for V. .... : a late train that I came from jc, it struck me as the very place fnr G host H-iv' was a haunted house of the right a. ,y if ever there was one, and I only v0iv- .vhen I crossed the threshold that Ihe 'oeal spectre would be worthy of its ervh'-nment. In such an interesting h0Ucp t did not think to pass a dull C'nri.i'.nas; but— God help me— I did not anticipate so tragic a Yule-tide as I gTjtfll t. Ac , ur host was a bachelor and had no female relative to do the honors of his house the guests were all of the masculine gender. It is true that there was a houee- kf.ep,.r_a distant cousin I understood— who was rattier elderly but very juvenile as to dress and manner. She went by the name of Miss Laura, but no one saw much of her as, otherwise than attend ing to her duties, she remained mostly in her own rooms. So our party was composed of young men— none save myself being over the age of thirty, and few being gifted with much intelligence. The talk was mostly of sport, of horse racing, big game shoothiu. and yacht sailing ; so that I grew tired at times of these subjects, and retired to the library to read and write Tim day after I arrived Frank showed me over the house. Tt was a wonderful old barrack of a place, with broad passages, twisting in terminably like the labyrinth of Daeda lus ; small bedrooms furnished in an old- fashioned manner, and vast reception ap artments with polished floors an! painted ceilings. Also there were the custcn.aiy number of family portraits frowning from the waiis ; suite of tarnished ai- iiiour ; and ancient tapestries embroider ed with grim and ghastly legends of the past. Th<= oid house was crammed with trea sure?, rare c-r.ough to drive an antiqua rian crazy ; and filed with the fiotsan. and jetsam of many centuries, mellowed by time into one soft hue, which put them all in keeping with one another. I must say that I was charmed with Ringshaw O-tungo, and no longer wondered at the pridu taken by Percy Ringan in his family and their past glories. "That's all very well," said Frank, to whom l remarked as much ; " Percy is rich, anu had he this place, could keen it u.' in proper style ; but I am as poor as a rat, and unless I can make a ricn mat - riagt! or inherit a comfortable legacy, hems : and furniture, park and timber, may all come to the hammer." P...- looked gloomy as he spoke ; and feeling that I had touched a somewhat de'icato matter, I hastened to change the sub;, ct, by asking to be shown the fam ous Riue Chamber, which was said to he hair, led. This was the true Mecca of my pily mage into Hants. " It is along this passage," said Frank, lead'rg the way, " and not very far from voir- own quarters. There is nothing in its ic ks likely to hint at the ghost at all e-.vE by day— but it is haunted for all the T-rvs speaking he led me into a large rc' in with a low ceiling and a broad ca:-xment looking out on to the untrim- med park, where the woodland was most syb.-an. The walls were hung with blue ch ili, embroidered with grotesque figu re: black braid or thread, I know not which. There was a, large old- fashioned h i with tester and figured curtains, mui a quantity of cumbersome furniture o.f the early Georgian epoch. Not having hx.ti inhabited for many years, the room had a desolate and silent look if one m:,y use such an expression — and to my re -id, looked gruesome enough to conjure t battalion of ghosts, let alone one. " 7. don't agree with you said I, in hi . 1 y to my host's remark. " To my n " u this is the very model of a haunted tl-i' vuber. What is the legend ?" if " 7'il tell it to you on Christmas Eve, lied Ringan, as we left the room. " It is ather a blood-curdling tale." Do you believe it ?" said I, struck by tt:- solemn air of the speaker. " I have had evidence to make me cre- flV'-vuS," he replied, drily, and closed the E' bject for the time being. ;i was renewed on Christmas Eve, j wr.cn all our company were gathered rrund a huge wood fire in the library. Outside the snow lay thick on the ground, infl the gaunt trees stood up black and leafless out of the white expanse. The sky was of a frosty blue, with sharply- twinkling stars, and a hard-looking moon. On the snow the shadows of in terlacing boughs were traced blackly as — . — — / in Indian ink, and the coW was of Arc tic severity. - But seated in the holl- decked apart ment before a noble pe which reared bravely up the wide chimney we cared nothing for the frozen world out of doors. We laughed and talked, sangr songs and recalled adventures, until somewhere about ten o'clock we fell into a ghostly vein quite in keeping with the goblin-haunted season. It was then that Frank Ringan was called upon to chill our blood with his local legend. This he did without much pressing. "In the reign if good Queen Anne." he said with a gravity befitting the subject, "my ancestor Hugh Ringan, was the owner of this house. He was a silent misanthropic man, having been soured early in life by the treachery of a wo man. Mistrusting the sex he refused to marry for many years; and it was not until he was fifty years of age that he was beguiled by the arts of a pretty girl into the toils of matrimony. The lady was Joan Challner, the daughter of the Earl of Branscourt; and she was es teemed one of the beauties of Queen Anne's Court. "It was in London that Hugh met her. and thinking from her innocent and childlike appearance that she would make him a true-hearted wife, he mar- ried her after a six montns' courtsnip and brought her with all honor to Ring shaw Grange. After his marriage he be came more cheerful and less distrustful of his fellow-creatures. Lady Joan was all to him that a wife could be, and seemed devoted to her husband and child— for she early became a mother- when one Christmas Eve all this happi ness came to an end." "Oh!" said I, rather cynically. "So Lady Joan proved to be no better than the rest of her sex." "So Hugh Ringan thought, Doctor; but he was as mistaken as you are. Lady Joan occupied the Blue Room which I showed you the other day; and on Christmas Eve, when riding home late, Hugh saw a man descend from the win dow. Thunderstruck by the sight, he galloped after the man and caught him before he could mount a horse which was waiting for him. The cavalier was a handsome young fellow of twenty- five, who refused to answer Hugh's ques tions. Thinking, naturally enough, that he had to do with a lover of his wife's, Hugh fought a duel with the stranger and killed him after a hard ngni. "Leaving him dead on the snow he rode back to the Grange, and burst in on his wife to accuse her of perfidy. It was in vain that Lady Joan tried to defend her self by stating that the visitor was her brother, who was engaged in plots toi restoration of James II., and on that ac count wished to keep secret the fact his presence in England.Hugh did no - lieve her, and told her plainly that lie had killed her lover; whereupon Lady Joan burst into a volley of reproaches and cursed her husband. Furious at what he deemed was her boldness, Hugh at first attempted to kill her but not think ing the punishment sufficient, he cut off her right hand." "Why?" asked everyone, quite unpre pared for this information. "Because in the first place Lady Joan was very proud of her beautiful white hands, and in the second Hugh had seen the stranger kiss her hand— her right hand— before he descended from the win dow. For these reasons he mutilated hpr thus terribly." "And did she die?" "Yes a week after her hand was cut off. And she swore that she wouldcome back to touch all those in the Blue Room -that is who slept in it-who were fore doomed to death. She kept her promise, for many people who have slept in that fatal room have been touched by the dead hand of Lady Joan, and have sub sequently died." "Did Hugh find out that his wife uas innocent?" , "He did," replied Ringan, "and within a month after her death. The stran ger was really her brother, plotting for James II., as she had stated. Hugh wa JTfutoW by ton within a year he slept in the Blue Cham ber, and was found dead next corning „„h the mark of three fleers o» to vio-ht wrist. It was xiiuubui. ; — remorse he had courted death by sleeping in the room cursed by his wife. "And there was a mark on him? "On his right wrist red marks like a bum- the impression of three finger-. Since that time the room has been haun- "Does everyone who sleeps in it die. 1 "No?5 Many people have risen well and hearty in the morning. Only those who are doomed to an early death are thus touched!" "When did the last case occur? "Three years ago," was Frank's unex- Aiiiee j friend of mine called &eC;,SriePSpencer would slep in that He saw the ghost and was touched. He showed me the marks next morning-three red finger marks. "Did the omen hold good. .<?es Spence died three months afterwards. He was thrown from his h0TSlc About to put further questions 'n acepttcalein.when we heard shouts outside, and we all sprang to feet as the door was thrown open to admit Mi.s Laura in a state of excitement. "Fire' Fire'" she cried, almost dis "Oh Mr Ringan," addressing self to Percy, "your room is on fire! I_We' waited to hear no more, buttea headed. He had the alarm bell rung, summoned the servants, grooms, and stable hands, and in twenty minutes the fir? was extinguished. On asking how the fire had started, Miss Laura, with much hysterical sob bing, stated that she had gone into Percy's room to see that all was ready and comfortable for the night. Unfor tunately the wind wafted one of the bed- curtains towards the candle she was car rying, and in a moment the room was in a blaze. After pacifying Miss Laura, who could not help the accident, Frank turned to his cousin. By this time we were back again in the library. "My dear fellow," he said, "your room is swimming with water, and is charred with fire. I'm afraid you can't stay there to-night; but I don't know where to put you unless you take the Blue Room." "The Blue Room!" we all cried."What! the haunted chamber?" "Yes; all the other rooms are full. Still, if Percy is afraid " "Afraid!" cried Percy, indignantly. "I'm not afraid at all. I'll sleep in the Blue Room with the greatest of plea sure." "But the ghost " "I don't care for the ghost," inter rupted the Australian, with a nervous taugn. we nave no gnoses in our part of the world, and as I have not seen one, I do not believe there is such a thing." We all tried to dissuade him from sleeping in the haunted room, and seve ral of us offered to give up our apart ments for the night — Frank among the number. But Percy's dignity was touched, and he was resolute to keep his word. He had plenty of pluck, as I said before, and the fancy that we might think him a coward spurred him on to resist our entreaties. The end of it was that shortly before midnight ho went off to the Blue Room, and declared his intention of sleeping in it. There was nothing more to be said in the face of such obstinacy, so one by one we retired, quite unaware of the events to happen before the morning. So on that Christmas Eve the Blue Room had an unexpected tenant. Oil going to my bedroom I could not sleep. The tale told b Frank Ringan haunted my fancy, and the idea of Percy sleeping in that ill-omened room made me nervous. I did not believe in ghosts myself, nor, so far as I knew, did fercy, DUt tne Utile iua.ii buucicu heart disease — he was strung up to a high, nervous pitch by our ghost stories and if anything out of the common— even from natural causes— happened in that room, the shock might be fatal to its occupant. I knew well enough that Percy, out of pride, would refuse to give up the room, yet I was determined that he should not sleep in it; so, failing per suasion, I employed stratagem. I had my medical chest with me, and taking it from my portmanteau I prepared a powerful narcotic. I left this on the table and went along to the Blue Room, which, as I said before, was not very far from mine. A knock brought Percy to the door clothed in pyjamas, and .at a glance I could see that the ghostly atmosphere of the place was already telling on his nerves. He looked pale and disturbed, but his mouth was firmly set with an obstinate expression, likely to resist my proposals. However, out of diplomacy, I made none, but blandly stated my er- mnd. with more roughness, indeed, than was necessary. "Come to my room, Percy,' I said, when he appeared, "and let me give you something to calm your nerves." "I'm not afraid!" l"e said. dofianuy. "Who said you were?" I rejoined, tartly. "You believe in ghosts no more than I do, so why should : ou be afraid? But after the alarm of fire your nerves are upset, and I want to give you some thing to put them right. Otherwise, you'll get no sleep." "I shouldn't mind a composing draught, certainly," said the little man. "Have you it here?" "No, it's in my room, a few yards off. Come along." Quite deluded by my speech and man ner, Percy followed me into my bedroom, and obediently enough swallowed the — a T - Ittwi r<lt M Own medicine, 'men i mauc =>- in a comfortable arm-chair on the plea that he must not walk immediately aft the draught. The result of my ex periment was justified, for in less than ten minutes the poor little man was fast asleep under the influence of the nar cotic. When thus helpless, I placed him on my bed, quite satisfied that he would not awaken until late the next day My task accomplished, I extin guished the light, and went off mysett to the Blue Room, intending to remain there for the night. It may be asked why I did so, as I could easily have taken my rest on the sofa In my own room; but the fact is, I was anxious to sleep in a haunted chamber. I did not believe In ghosts, as I had never seen one, but as fhere was a chance of meeting here with an authentic phantom I did not wish to lose the opportunity. Therefore when I saw that Percy was safe for the night, I took up my quar ters in the ghostly territory, with much Sofity, but— as I can safely aver-no fear. All the same, in case of Pical jokes on the part of the feather-headed young man in the house, I tookmy revol- ver with me. Thus prepared I locked the door of the Blue Room, and slipped into bed, leaving the light burning. The revolver I kept under my pillow, ready to my hand, in case of necessity. "Now," said I, grimly, as I made my self comfortable, 'Tm ready for ghosts, or goblins, or practical jokers." I lay awake for a long time, staring at the queer figures on the blue draperies of the apartment. In the pale flame of the candle they looked ghostly enough to dis turb the nerves of anyone; and when the draught fluttered the tapestries the fi&ures; seemed to move as though alive.. For this sight alone I was glad that Percy had not slept in thai room. I could fancy the poor man lying in that vast bed with blanched face and beating heart listening to every creak, and watching the fantastic embroideries waving on the walls. Brave as he was, 1 am sure the sour/ds and sights of that room would have shaken his nerves. When the candle had burned down pretty low I fell asleep. How long I slumbered I know not; but I woke up with the impresion that something or someone was in the room. The candle had wasted nearly to the socket and the flame was flickering and leaping fitfully, so as to display the room one moment and leave it almost in darkness the next. I heard a soft step crossing the room, and as it drew near a sudden spurt of flame from the candle showed me a lit tle woman standing by the side of the bed. She was dressed in a gown of flowering brocade, and wore the tower- inghead dress of the Queen Anne epoch. Her face I could scarcely see, as the flash of flame was only momentary; but I felt what the Scotch call a aeaaiy giue as I realised that this was the veritable phantom of Lady Joan. For the moment the natural dread of the supernatural quite overpowered me, and with my hands and my arms lying outside the counterpane I rested inert and chilled with fear. This sensation of helplessness in the presence of evil, was like what one experiences in a nightmare of the worst kind. AVhen again the flame of the expiring candle shot up, I beheld the ghost close at hand, and— as I felt rather than saw, —knew that it was bending over me. A faint odour of musk was in the air, and I heard the soft rustle of the 'brocaded skirts echo through the semi-darkness. The next moment I felt my right wrist gripped in a burning grasp, and the sudden pain roused my nerves from their paralysis. With a yell I rolled over, away from the ghost, wrenching my wrist from that horrible clasp, and almost mad with pain I groped with my left hand' for my revolver. As I seized it the candle flared up for the last time, and I saw the ghost gliding back: towards tne tapestries. In a second I raised the re volver and fired. The next moment there was a wild cry of terror and agony, the fall of a heavy body on the floor, and almost before I knew where I was I was outside the door of the haunted room. To attract attention I fired another shot from my revolver, while the Thing on the floor moaned in the darkness most horribly. In a few moments guests and servants, all in various stages of undress, came rushing along the passage bearing lights. A babel of voices arose, and I managed to babble some incoherent explanation, and led the way into the room. There on the floor lay the ghost, and we lowered the candles to look at Its face. I sprang up with a cry on recognising who it was. "Frank Ringan!" It was indeed Frank Ringan disguised as a woman, in wig and brocades. He looked at me with a ghostly face, his mouth working nervously. With an ef fort he raised himself on his hands and tried to speak — whether in confession or exculpation, I know not. But the at tempt was too much for him, a choking cry escaped his lips, a jet of blood burst from his mouth, and he fell back dead. Over the rest of the events of that ter rible night I '-aw a veil. There are some things it is as well not to speak of. Only I may state that all through the horror and confusion Percy Ringan, thanks to my strong sleeping draught, slumbered peacefully as a child, thereby saving his life. With the morning's light came dis coveries and explanations. We found one of the panels behind the tapestry of the Blue Room ODen. and it gave admit- tance into a passage, which, on examina tion proved to lead into Frank Ringan's bedroom. On the floor we discovered a delicate hand formed of steel, and which bore marks of having been in the fire. On my right wrist were three distinct burns, which I have no hesitation in de claring, were caused by the mechanical hand which we picked up near the dead man. And the explanation of these things came from Miss Laura, who was wild with terror at the death of her master, and said in her first outburst of grief and fear, what I am sure she re gretted in her calmer moments. "It's all Frank's fault," she wept. "He was poor and wished to be rich. He got Percy to make his will in his favor, and wanted to kill him by a shock. He knew that Percy had heart disease, and that a shock might prove fatal; so he con trived that his cousin should sleep In the Blue Room on Christmas Eve; and he himself played the ghost of Lady Joan with the burning hand. It was a steel hand, which he heated in his own room so as to mark with a scar those it touched." "Whose idea was this?" I asked, hor rified by the devilsh ingenuity of the scheme. "Frank's!" said Miss Laura, candidly. "He promised to marry me if I helped him to get the money by Percy's death. We found that there was a secret pass age leading to the Blue Room; so some years ago we invented the story that it was haunted." "Why, in God's name?" "Because Frank was always poor. He knew that his cousin in Australia had heart disease, and invited him home to kill him with fright. To make things safe he was always talking about tne haunted room and telling the story so that everything should be ready for Percy on his arrival. Our plans were all carried out. Percy arrived, and Frank got him to make the will to Ma favor. Then he was told the story oi Lady Joan and her hand, and by setting fire to Percy's room last night I got him to sleep in the Blue Chamber without any suspicion being aroused." You wicked woman!" I cried. "Did you fire Percy's room on purpose?" "Yes Frank promised to marry me if I helped him. We had to get Percy to sleep in the Blue Chamber, and I man aged it by setting fire to his bedrooom. He would have died with fright when Frank, as Lady Joan, touched him with the steel hand, and no one would have been the wiser. Your sleeping in that haunted room saved Percy's life, Dr. Laseelles; yet Frank invited you down as part of his scheme, that you might examine the body, and declare the death to he a natural one." "Was it Frank who burnt the wrist of Herbert Spence some years ago?" I ask- ed. "Yes!" replied Miss Laura, wiping her red eyes. "We thought if the ghost ap peared to a few other people, that Per cy's death might seem more natural. It was a mere coincidence mat mr died three months after the ghost touch ed him." "Do you know you are a very wickea woman, Miss Laura?" "I am a very unhappy one," she re torted. "I have lost the only man I ever loved; and his miserable cousin survives to step into his shoes as the master of Ringshaw Grange." That was the sole conversation I haa with the wretched woman, for shortly afterwards she disappeared, and I fancy must have gone abroad as she was never more heard of. At the inquest held on the body of Frank the whole strange story came out, and was report ed at full length by the London Press, to the dismay of the ghost-seers: for the fame of Ringshaw Grange as a haunted mansion had been great in the land. I was afraid lest the jury should bring In a verdict of manslaughter against me, but the peculiar features of the case be ing taken into consideration, I was ac quitted of blame, and shortly afterwards returned to India with an unblemished character. Percy Ringan was terribly distressed on hearing of his cousin a , j iw tlia fJIsnnverv of aeuui, iinu o iiwitvu — his treachery. However, he was con soled by becoming the head of the fam ily, and as he lives a quiet life at Ring shaw Grange there is not much chance of his early death from heart disease— at all events, from a ghostly point of view. ... The Blue Chamber is shut up, for It Is haunted now by a worse spectre than that of Lady Joan, whose legend (purely fictitious) was so ingeniously set forth by Frank. It is haunted by the ghost of the cold-blooded scoundrel, who fell Into his own trap; and who met with his death in the very moment he was con triving that of another man, As w myself, I have given up ghost-hunting and : Lep'ng in haunted rooms. Nothing will ever tempt me to experiment in that way again. One adventure of that sort is enough to last me a lifetime. The End. 