«OSS!P. VAOTTT FAIR. By J.M.D. LONDON, March 31. Tlie cause'celebre of the week has been supplied by Mr. W» S. Gilbert, who wne,_ perhaps, iftdanger of slipping out of the nrftice of. Her Majesty's public. The ad vertisement tbok the.shapeof a libelaction against the vendible Mr.-Edward Ledger, of the "Er^." The absence of poor Frank Lockirood. from this case was much de plored. Most living dramatists or mem bers of tine profession would gladly pay. a couple , of hundred pounds if the "Era" would agree to "libel" them in the way it libelled Mr. Gilbert, that is to Bay, to Suggest that 'Mr. Gilbert was a very, very ; great man, and that he knows it. This ' absurd action arose out of an "interview" published in the "Edinburgh Evening News," in whieh Gilbert averred that no living British actor could declaim 30 lines of blank verse adequately. One hopes that thig testimony is true, because blank verse ought only to be dealt with in public by 4eaf and dumb pupils. He also said some rough things about the many Brummagem burlesques which playgoers have now to put up with, because no fresh Gilbert and Sullivan operas are produced. The plain tiff declared that the reporter had misre presented what he said, but all trace or suggestion of libel quickly disappeared from the case. Neither the judge nor the jury interfered to stop it, because a theatrical libel case is always an exhilarating free ex hibition for all concerned. Mr. Gilbert, in cross-examination, very nearly made a couple of epigrams; they were old ones, but nobody paid for admission to the court. Sir Henry Irving appeared in the witness box for a moment, quite unnecessarily, and a number of theatrical stars-or people mis taken for them- were in court. The jury, unwilling to make bad blood, or favour either side, simply disagreed. Gilbert has no rival, and probably will Lave no suc cessor; but he need not have taken such pains to remind the public of their mis-1 fortune. j What promises to be a disagreeable case ! in the courts of law reached its first stage j before the magistrate of Westminster on Tuesday, when Dr. W. M. Collins, M.D., of I Sloane-street, was charged with causing the j death of Mrs. Uzielli, wife of a leading Jewish "jobber," in the South African mar ket, avyoung woman of fashionable tastes and ambitions. Tliis foolish lady, it ap pears, had a' good many engagements fop the approaching season, parties, theati^s, Ascot week, and so on, which she antici pated were likely to be disturbed. She\ called in Dr. Collins; and she was*, buried yesterday. Dr. W". M. Collins has been mentioned in these letters before. One or two sensational, newspapers recall the fact that <he was formerly medical ofiicer in the Guards, and that he was tried in 1892, for forging the names of a couple of his brother officers. Much sympathy was felt for. him at the time, because it was understood that, on commencing private practice in the West End, with a very fine connection, he had fallen into the hands of money-lenders, as 'many young doctors do. The trial virtually ended with a plea for mercy from the prosecutors. Dr. Collins, however, was struck off the roll of medical men, and the leaders of the profession re fused to meet him In consultation. A couple of years later his name once more appeared in the police reports, one of his patients, Mrs. Campbell Davidson, widow of an Edinburgh bankmanager, famous for his supernatural caution, having died under Dr. Collins'# care, as was alleged, from over zeal in the practice of bicycling. There was a Colonel in the case, who encouraged Mrs. Campbell Davidson in this. However, Dr. Collins emended unscathed from that case. He has since been the recognised fashionable specialist in similar cases of miaunderstoodjathletics. It is a wretched business altog^hfer. . ^The ^ewspififeHT announce the death at Avondale of Mrs. Paraell. It is a pathetic picture, the venerable old lady sitting by the desolate hearth of the once cheerful ancestral mansion, and falling into the fire, , just 100 yearp iafter the outbreak of thei rebellion of 1798. . The old lady, while re- j siding in the United States, was an in corrigible gambler in stocks and shares; that was the reason why the monetary as sistance procured for her by the people who 8ol<£ her son, and never got paid, availed so little. It all went to the Wal! streetbroken? and bucket shopkeepers. Her. hatred of England was of the intense, old-fashioned SoVtt ^vhich the survivors in remote par^s of .America handed down from the Revolution period, when the English employed Red Indian auxiliaries against the "Conti&ent;»l"*«bd8. Mr. J$mes novelist, has just died at a^ ^rano^d age, and universally respected, laqjdy owing to the fact that he was fathet^inJaw to the editor of "The Tinies"--® Wtber awfnl thing to be. Mr. Payii'* npmetousjiovels may, as works of pictaw* .®od They never in cited the .reader to crime. Nature, or "real curious wiiy the inci» deatof a livlngman lacing entombed in o f^ures in his novel Several years] after ite b^ WM Itluhlished a man was aetUailjr viftatombed in a hollow oaktree, Mr.3?4yfi regularly contributed a column ho the' ^Illustrated London I^autlfully pointed. He ffiuisc: jjtiuoiy''Sfeiaa "reader". to Smith, t ®g^Km^«y^rnoon would | adjouro fc»m4h®i dffice of the firm in ? rtulH and th**e play; whist imtUdhmer-tiitxe. His knowle&e; of club mien, and of club philosophy^ was in- ! comparattfe, ^^ watf isbwhliy ids5 earnest s endeavours to disanade 4he late Mr. Walter from publishing the:famoue foiled Parnell letter in the springof 1887. Taking hisj advice would have saved "The Times", much money. j | The Earl of Cawdor^ si very grand old, nobleman of the ancient school, has -jtist. died. A territorial prince in Wales*and a' Thane in Scotland, lie was little seen in London society, although he ran. horses on the turf occasionally, and, like former Earls of Derby, Lord Falmouth, and a few gran* dees, never made a bet. Cawdor Castle, the blasted heath adjacent, Burnham Wood, and any number of ghosts belonged to him. He was a model landlord to them, and to his other tenants. This branch of the Campbells is very prolific. The late earl had six or seven children, one son killed in the Zulu War at the Mountain Zlobane; aud his eldest son, Viscount Emlyn -almost the most frequently defeated Par liamentary candidate in England-has an equally large family by his beautiful and charming wife, sister of Algernon Turner, C.B.. secretary to the Post-office. Talking of the Post-office, I don't think the papers have yet mentioned that the depart ment has jnst bought 5J acres of thaground Olympia partly sitands on for £45,000, and are going to move the Post-office Sarings Bank thither, from Queen Victoria street, spending £300,000 on the new office. It suddenly occurred to the officials that there was no earthly reason-why the J'est- ofiiee Savings Bank should1 be in the centre of London. This one department alone em ploys 2,000 people, mostly maidens. Every Tjycek the total amount of deposits and de positors beats the record of every preceding I week. I Since Lord Salisbury's abdication tbe pro fession of politics has fallen into discredit, and this has at last given Lord Carrington a chance. He now ranks as a politician, aud has indulged in some chaff of the Duke jof Argyll oa the fearful subject of crofters' rents. The Duke will probably retaliate with an unreadable letter in "The Times" of immense length, the two topics which the Duke most delights in being crofters' rents and the hot-water cure. The latter saved the Duke's life, it is averred. It em braces the eating of minced beef as well as the drinking of hot water, and the Duke invariably carries with him a supply of i minced beef, which he eats at intervals whenever he attends a debate in the House I of Lords. When the late Mr. Spurgeon's life was despaired of eight or ten years ago, \ the Duke telegraphed from Scotland to himj to try the above remedy. He did so, and the great, jVroaeber'a life was prolonged for "declared. 