.THE NOVELIST. .THE TYPEWRITER. IBY PERuY WHITE.] CHAPTER I. Mr Felix Budd abandoned his career as an insurance clerk, when, on the death of an uncle, he succeeded to a modest fortune and a pleasant villa residence in the Lavender road, Brixton. Having thus become his own master, he enlisted in the great army of novelists in search of a publisher. A small man with a bald forehead and a weak beard, Mr Budd wore, by preference, a tall white hat of a peculiar make, because it identified him with an air of distinction. Otherwise he bore no marks of professional eccentricity, save that he believed in his own genius, which is the badge of all Mr Budd's literary tribe. But in course of time the unpublished author grew weary of the monotonous labor of producing manuscript, and sought an amanuensis. Chance and proximity sent him Miss Clara Bell, than whom it were difficult to imagine a more charming typewriter or a more sympathetic assistant. T ili:the ageeof forty Felix Budd had. de cided , that he was intended for a studious and cultured bachelor. "He would have chosen the muse of fiction as his 'bride, had. the Greeks invented this tiuch- needed literary deity. In this deficiency Mr Budd, following the usual unconscious propese, fell calmly and reasonably enough, it qpust be admitted, in love with his typewriter, and the hours, from 10 to 1, which she spent five timesa week in his study, became the most agreeable of his life. But a certain shy reticence kept Mr Budd silent, and had it not been for a somewhat humiliating misunderstanding the retiring author might never have declared an affec tion for which he perhaps found consolation in the sentimental nature of his romantic productions For some time Mr Budd and Misee Olara Bell continued happy in their literary pur suite. " But the world," as Mephistopheles says in the Lyceum ver-ion, "is so cen sorious," and the tongue of scandal touched: them. It commenced thus. The nove' had reached a critical point.? Miss .Bell was seated before the machine. which' gave permanence to the romancer's fancies; whilst her employer, in the throes of dictation,.marched restlessly up and down his study seeking the felicitous phrase. " Heedless of all risks," he dictated, in a voice ?all of emotion, " Rohald entered the garden. It was the thrilling moment when themilghtingale woosthe evening star, and the musk rose breathes out its soul cn the fragrant gloom." The typewrter dighed at the picture. " He stood," 'entinued the' novelist, " be neath the shadow of the cedar tree, and listened. The world seemed plunged in ineffable peace. The hoofs of his pursuer had faded far into the distance." "' You did not say they were riding," ob served the typewriter, timidly. "1 thought I might leave that to the, imagination. The pursuers are obviously Roundhead cavalry. Hence the 'fadaing hoofs.' Of course hoofs don't fade, but then the.exigencies of poetical prose, in such a case, invite the use of the metaphor." " Undoubtedly," said the typewriter, "and the picture it conveys is full of charm." Mr Felix Budd complacently resumed. "'Then as DRmald listened' -e-lter ' lonald' to 'he,' please, if the hero's 'name occurs in the paragraph--'a graceful figure robed in white, stole like a warm-blooded ghost across the fragrant garaen. The nightingale sang sweetly to his mate, the orb, of love palpitated in the tender ~ky, and his'--or ' Bonald's,' as the case may be -' heart swung like a pendulous emotion balanced in a dauntless bre?St "' " t'9My love 1' she cried, iieing his warworn a~guret beneath the shadow of the funereal tree. ' Sylvia, my beloved I' he exclaimed, ' And how do we measure kisses ?' "I have no idea," said the typewriter, blushing. ",You understand," Mr Budd explained. "' How do we measure kisses?' follows 'beloved.'" "Oh, I beg your pardon." Click, click, click went the machine. "' How do we measure kisses ?' All right, I've got that." But here the author paused for a reply. "' It isn't by time,' " he continued. "' Is not ?' " inquired his amanuensis. "Of course. 'Nor by number; but by passion's tumultuous arithmetic-passion's tumultuous arithmetic---'r" "'Tumultuous arithmetic' only once " she asked. "Yee. But it's a strong phrase, so I in advertently dwelt upon it." "Naturally." said Miss Bell. "What author would not ?" "And so wrapt in each other's arms," re sumed the author, "they stood for a blissful, traneed moment under the murmuring hem lock-i mean cyptess-whilst the west wind, with odorous wing, sighed in the topmost boughs. Love permeated the atmosphere like a gas. Entranced they stood, exchang ing hisses balmier than April buds, and Ronald heard the lips' he loved murmuring words wild and sweet." "Wild and sweet," clicked the machine, as it caught the climax. " How beautiful and sew," added the typewriter. " 'The phrase occtted to me whilst dress ing," explained Mr Budd, modestly. "But an envious and malignant eye had dogged9a-" " Wouldn't ' followed' be better?' inter posed Miss Bell. "No, I prefer 'dogged,' it's more sug gestive and ominous, ' his steps, and swift as the brindled lightning a tall dark figure stood before the lovers, who started apart. Before Ronald could lay his hand on his sword the dagger descended -" Hut the typewriter could bear no more. '. It's too terrible I" she exclaimed, "do stop." And Mr Felix Budd, in doubt how to continue, obeyed, with the light of successful achievement in his eye " Was it that awful avenging friar ?" she asked. ,. yes." "Poor Ronald I Does he die ?" "No; the woundl need not be mortal." "In that case," she said, " I'm ready to go on." But the novelist was not. " 1 think we might break off there." he said. "The mood is leaving me. Besides, it is ten minutes to one. You look perturbed, Miss Bell. Let us go round the gardeia. The air will calm us both." And so they walkert asde by side round the garden, picking flowers, needless of the neighbors' envioub eyes. 