THE TYPEWRITER. [By Percy White.] Chapter I. Mr Felix Budd abandoned, his career as an insurance clerks when, on the death of an uncle, he succeeded to a modest fortune and a pleasant villa residence in the Lavenrter road, Brixton. Having thus become his own master, he enlisted in the great army of novelists in search of a publisher. A small man. with a bald foiehead and a weak beaid, Mr Bndil wore, by preference, a tall white hat oC a peculiar make, because it identified him with an air of distinction. Otherwise he bore no marks of: professional eccentricity, save that lie bolicvecTiu his own genius, which is the badge of all Air JBudd's literary tribe. But in cuurse of time the unpublished author grew weary .of ihe monotonous labor of producing manuscript, and sought an amanuensis. .Chance and proximity sent him .Miss Clara Bell, than whom it were difficult to imagine a more charming typewriter or a more sympathetic assistant. Till the age oi: forty Felix Budd had dc cideli that he was intended for a studious ? and cultured bachelor. He would have chosen the muse of fict:on as his hritU h*A i he Greeks invented this much-needed literary deity. la this deficiency Mr Budd, following the usual unconscious process, fell calmly and reasonably enough, it n.usfc be admitted, in love with his typewriter, and the hours, from 10 to 1, which she spent five times a week in his study, ? became the most agreeable of his life. But a certain shy reticence kept Mr Budd silent, and had it not been for a somewhat Humiliating misunderstanding the' retiring author might never have declared .in afftc t ion for which he perhaps found consolation in the sentimental nature of his romantic product ons, For some time Mr Budd and Miss Clara Bell continued happy in their literary pur suits. ' But the world,' as Mephistophele3 says in the Lyceum version, 'is so cen sorious,' and the tongue of scandal touched them. It commented thus. The novel had reached a critical poinc. Miss Bell was seated before the machine which gave permanence to the romancer's fancies ; whilst her employer, in the throes of dictation, marched restlessly up and down his study seeking the felicitous phrase. ' Heedless of all risks,' he dictated, in a voice lull of emotion, ' Ronald entered the garden. It was the thrilling moment when the nightingale woos the evening star, and the musk rose breathes out its soul cu -the fragrant gloom.' The typewriter sighed at the picture. ' He stood,' continued the novelist, ' ba neath the shadow of the cedar tree, and listened. The world seemed plunged in ineffable peace. The hoofs of .his pursuer had fadeJ far into the distance.' ' You did not say ihey were riding,' ob served the typewriter, timidly. 'I thought I might leave - hat to the imagination. The pursuars are obviously Roundhead cavalry. Hcnco the 'fading boofe.' Of course hoofs den't fade, but then the exigencies of poetical prose, in such a :ase, invite the use of the metaphor.' ' Undoubtedly,' said the typewrit' r, 'and bhe picture it conveys is full of charm.' Mr Felix Budd complacently resumed. ' ' Then as Eonald listened ' — alter 'Ronald! to 'he,' please, if the hero's name accurs in the paragraph — 'a graceful figure robed in white, stole like a warm-blooded ghost across the fragrant garden. The nightingale sang sweetly to his mate, the Mb of love palpitated in the tender sky, and his ' — or ' Ronald's,' as the case may be — ' heart swung like a pendulous emotion balanced'in a dauntless, breast.' ' ' ' My love !' she cried, seeing his warworn figure beneath the shadow of the funereal tree. 'Sylvia, my beloved 1' he exclaimed, j And how do we measure kisses V ' 'I have no idea,' said the typewriter, blushing. 'You understand,' Mr Budd explained. ;' How do, we measure kisses?' follows 'beloved.'' ' ' Ohs I beg your pardon.' . Click, click, click went the machine. ' ' How do we measure kisses V All right, I've got, that.' ' ? isut here the author paused for a reply. ' 'It isn't by time,' ' he continued. ' ' Is not V ' inquired his amanuensis. 'Of course. 'Nor by number; but by passion's tumultuous arithmetic — passion's tumultuous'nrithmetic- — -' ' ''Tumultuous arithmetic' only onca ?' she asked. -: Yes. But it's a stroDg phrase, so I in advertently dwelt upon it.' 'Naturally,' said Miss Bell. '; What author would not ?' ' And so wrapt in each other's arms,' re sumed the author, ''? they stood for a blissful, tranced moment under the murmuring hem lock — I mean cypress — whilst the west wind, with odorous wing, sighed in ths topmost boughs. Love permeated the atmosphere like a gas. Entranced they stood, exchang ing kisses balmier than April buds, and Ronald heard the lips he loved murmuring words wild and sweet.' ' Wild and sweet,' clicked the machine, as it caught the climax. ' How beauti'ul and new,' added the typewriter. ' The phrase occurred to me whilst dress ing,' explained Mr Budd, modestly. ' But an envious and ? malignant eye had dogged ? ' 'Wouldn't ' followed '-be better V inter posed Miss Bel'. ' No, I prefer ' dogged,' it's more sug gestive and ominous, ' his steps, and swift as the brindled lightning a tall dark Ifigure stood before the lovers, who started apart. Before Ronald could lay his hand on his sword the dagger. descended- ? ' But the typewriter could bear no more. '? It's too terrible 1' she exclaimed, ' do stop.' And Mr Felix Budd, in doubt how to continue, obeyed, with- the light of successful achievement in his eye. ' Was it that awful avenging friar 1' she asked. '?Yes.' ' Poor Ronald ! Does he die ?'''-. ' No ; the wound need not be mortal.' ' In that case,' she said, ' I'm ready to go on.' - But the novelist was not. ' 1, think we might break off there,' he said. 'The mood is leaving me. Besides, it is ten minutes to one. You look perturbed, Mi S3 Bell. Let us go round the gaTddi. The air will calm us both.' And so they walked s;de by side round the garden, picking flowers, heedless of the neighbors' envious eyes. Chapter II. Miss Bell lodged with a respectable family in the neighborhood of Lavender-road. Of the young gentlemen of her acquaintance several admired her nearly as much as she deserved, but none more than Mr Algernon Thompson, whose acquaintance she had made at the ' Brixton and Clapham School of Typewriters.' Mr Thompson's duties led him ones or twice a week to the city, and it was whilst he was riding on the garden seat of an omnibus that he overheard a conversation that roused his jealous indignation. The speakers were the tenants of 19 and 21, Lavender-road. ' That chap at No. 20 is a regular dog,' said the first speaker. ' He was at it again yesterday. . The pretty little girl comes to see him every mornmg. He trots her round the garden when he's done philandering in the house. But my wife's eye's on him !' ' Mine calls it a shameful scandal,' an swered his companion, laughing. The scandal afforded them the satisfaction usually felt for all compromising incidents which do not disturb our own comfort whilst they appeal to our non-moral sense of humor. ' Mr Thompson, already jealous of Miss Bell's intimacy with Mr Budd, now became convinced that the author wasjjj a literary Don Juan and the typewriting a specious veil. The innocent' young lady must be rescued, even if it were asainst her own \\\ ill. It chanced on that evening that Miss Pell, who was learning to ride the bicycle,' a more .capricious machine even than a typewriter, strained her ankb in the performance of an involuntary acrobatic feat. Finding herself unable to fulfil her engagement, she un suspectingly calle 1 Mr Thompson to her aid. He, tlaTkly listening, undertook to convey h-vr message' to his rival, and if need, be ' type ' at his diet ..tion in her place. ' This,' thought Mr Thompson, who ha-1 a tastd for phrases, ' is the long arm of coincidene?.' - Determined to dissemble hi3 purpose he delivered Miss Bell's message It consider ably agitated the novelist who, however, accepted the suggestion that Mr. Thompson should 'conje round and do his 'typing' till »ii-:s Bell was well again.' ' When his visitor had gone Mr Bud=i plucked the most lavish nosegay his flower beds could produce and despatched i1-, ac companied by a delicate- note of sympa'iy, to the sufferer, by the reluctant hand of Hie envious housemaid. Thus it came to pass that the vindictive Mr Thomp?on, whose aggressive' uprightness of character had been accentuated by a course of culture at the Polytechnic ap peared iu. Miss Bells place, and sat down wilh a truculent look \n his eye, which meant ' I will unravel this plot.' Mr Budd. although the' change of s?cre taries weighed upon him with a keen sense of discomfort was unconscious of the gather ing storm, although aware of the flight of his inspiration. Assuming a- practical and business-like manner, ;he said: 'Kindly read the last iiaragraphs, and I will resume the dictation.' Mr Thompson, having fluttered the leaves in -a contemptuous manner, obeyed in a grating voice. ' Then as Ronald listened, a graceful figu;e robed in white stole acro?s the fragrant garden like a warm-bboded ghost.. The nightingale sang sweetly to his mate, the hob of l»ve— ^-' ' Orb !?'' corrected the author. 'Orb.' 'All light, 'Orb,' but she wrote 'Hob,' palpitated in the sky, and Ronald's heart swung like a pondcrous'emolion.'.' -: Pendulous, my good sir, pendulous,' corrected the author. '' Pendulous emotion,' then, in his daunt-' less breast.' - . . ' . Here the reader stopped and shrugged his shoulders ?' i«approvingly. ? After a pause he continued, in a': voice -of. increasing- exas peration : ' - ??-'?? ' ' My love ! My love !' she cried, seeing his raw-worm— I aippose ymi mean war worn — figure bsneath'the shadow of the funereal tree. ' Sylvia',' he exclaimed, ' my beloved Sylvia. And -how do we measure ki=ses ?' ' Here Mr Thomp-on's indignation could endure no more. ? ' That's a nice question to ask a respectable young'woman,' he s-nid, turning a frowning face at the author of it. ': You are not here as a critic, sir, but a typewriter,' said the deeply- offended man of letters. But Mr Thompson's virtue had now tak«n the tit between- its; tee-b, and could not be pulled up. ? ? 'It seems your ''measure is 'passion's tumultuous arithmetic,' ' he continued. ' But take my advice and drop it. The game's up. Ihe neighbors- are all ta]king. It's the common scandul of the 9.30 'bus.' ' What d'you mean ?' cried Mr Budd, in bc-wildered anger. ' Simply that I'vefound you out. You've been trying to iindermine Miss Bell's moral character with :. all this nonsense about kissing and ' tumultuous passion.' Look here, I'm a friend of her?. It's my duty to ) stop it. She's all , riight, but everyone in the street knows what you are.. Ask the ' out s-des ' on the 9.30 'bus, if you want to know.' But the author '.of ' the Heart of My Love' could find no soul-relieving expletive to relieve his wrath J ' So that is what you have come here to tell me,' he said at. lust. ' Leave my house at once, sir.' He sprang from his seat and confronted the buily defender oi innocence, b'Jt on second thoughts retreated, and added : ' If you don't go I'll call a policeman, and bring an action against you for defamation of character.' ; ''?If jou're under the delusion that your character '11 beai; inspection, do so by all means,' said Thompson. ' You'd better In clude the whole street in the indictment. Keep your hair ,bn, though. It's no good blustering. Just understand that Miss Bell isn't going to do your.' typing' any more.' ' Did she tell j'ou so ?' ' No. But I know my duty.' ' I shall go and see her at race and ask for an explanation,' cried the much-agitated man of letter?. Mr Thompson ;was not prepared for this bold measure, but was rather dismayed to find his rival exhibited. no signs of the con fusion we associate with guilt. Then Mr Budd, closely followed by the now somewhat discomfited Mr Thompson, hurried out of , the house in his slippers and garden hat. .At the end of the road, by a happy inspiration, like one of his own characters.-rhe hailed a hansom, and, leaving his companion hesitating on the pavement, sprang in and drove to the lodgings of the pretty typewriter. He found her reading Tit-Bits on the horsehair sofa. ' Pray be seated,' she said, with a winning smile, thrusting her paper out of sight, 'and excuse me rising.' But Felix Budd. refusing the chair, in an excited voice to'd his story. When, he had finished, he said, ' I must beg you to give an explanation of this extraordinary con duct.' ' There is none,' she said, ' except that he has behaved like a lunatic. But he shall explain himself and apologise.' ' It mu3t ba the jealousy of madness,' said Mr Budd, nervously. ' He has no more right to be jealous than 1 impertinent to my best and kindest of friends,' said Miss Bell, with a scarcely perceptible break in her voice. 'Who shall fathom the motives of the human heart ?' asked Mr Budd. 'Who, indeed?' assented the charming invalid. At tlrs point the bell rang, and Mr Thompson entered the little sitting-room. ' And now, Mr . Thompson,' said Mis; Bell, ' what is the meaning of your un warrantable and idiotic behavior ?' Mr Thompson fumbled his hat uneasily. ' The truth i?, Miss Bell, you're too youDg and innocent to understand these thing?, but no one with knowledge of the world could misttke the intentions of this man.' ' Prav do not mind,' internosed Miss Bell, soothingly, to the angry aud flustered novelist, 'but let us hear what he has to say.' ??':? ?' Weli, then,' said Mr Thompson, sullenly, ' going up to town yesterday by the 9.30 'bus 1 overheard the two gentlemen who occupy numbers 19 and 21, Lavender-road, talking about you. The windows of their residences overlook the garden of No 20, in which, :t seems, there are strange goings on, visible to;ihe naked eje.' ?' What scandalous imputations !.' inter rupt ed the author. 'Well,' continued Thompson, prepared to enjoy his innings, ' one says to the o'.her, whilst 1 bent ever to listen, as in duty bound, and not as a common eavesdropper, ' What d'yon think of that chap ai. No. 20 ?' The other replies, ' Why ! he's a regular dawg. A pretty little girl comes to see Irm every morning, and he trots her round the garden when they've done philandering in the house.' ' ' That's enough !' exclaimed Miss Bell and Mr Budd simultaneously, with scarlet faces. ' Yes ; and so I thought,' continued Thompson. 'And, when 1 perceived the wicked/neurotic stuff with which your moral chaiacter was being undermined, Miss Bell, I decided it was my duty to put a stop to this intrigue.' 'You idiot!' cried Miss Bell. 'Never speak to me, or even look at me again ! ' 'And I endorse every word Miss Bell, in i her anger, has said,' Felix Budd chimed in. j But sen?e of virtue still buoyed Mr Thompson up. ' In that case I shall write to your papa, and lay tho case bifore him.' '? Do so, by all means,' retorted Miss Bell. :i I have nothing to be ashamed of.' 1 Certainly not,' said Mr Budd. ' Nor I.' ' What, you ? Why, they say you are a 1 Ecandal to the stre;t,' ' retorted Thompson. ' Whoever says so shall be sued for defamation of character, and made to pay heavy damag-js,' shoute 1 Mr Bud*. 'And now I come to think of it. your own conduct* is actionable. I shall consult my iegal adviser, and you shall hear from him shortly.' The threat of legal proceedings damped Mr Thompson's zeal, for he had a friend who was a solicitor's clerk. ' My conduct has been actuated by the highest and purest of motive?',' he said, be ginning to heJge. ' We shall see what the judge thinks of it,' said the novelist. In the solemn silence ' which followed, Air Thompson decided to consult, his legal friend before continuing the unequal contest. ' I may have bceu mistaken, of course,' he said. But Miss Bell rose from her sofa in spite of her sprained foot, which, in the excite ment ? of the moment, she forgot, and, pointing to the door, said : ' Leave this room directly, I will submit to. no further insult, s'r.' ' She looks magnificent,' thought the novelist, with a professional e^e to the dramatic effect?. - ' I shall most certainly write to your papa,5' replied the now b:.ffled Thompson. ' This matter is no longer in my hands.' ' No, you'll find it's in my lawyer's,' said Mr Bndd, with a threatening eye. Then, with a withering glance, Mr Thompson strode from the room with as much dignify as'hs could assume. When he was gone the inevitable- ex planation came. ' I have,' said Mr Budd, ' bsen the un conscious means of exposing you to the calumnies of mj' neighbor. There is buc one excuse, dear Miss Btll.' ' What is that ?' she asked, eagerly. ' The love which runs through my romance is but the pale reflex, of the passiou you have inspired.' ' Mr Budd, this — this declaration — is un expected ? ' 'My name is Felix. Surely you sus pected ? ' ' I suspected nothing.' 'But jou know now. What i3 your answer ?'' '' To what— Fe- Fe-Felix ?' 'Will you marry me ??' ' Ves, Felix.' 'And do my typewriting all the same ?' ' Yes, Felix, only more carefully.' ' Then we wil I write, our books in colla boration.' ' Yes, Felix ; safe f tomv scandal. And as for these legal proceedings, we will drop, them.' ' Certainly, my darling, if you consider your character has been vindicated.'' And go- once again 'Love was the con queror.' — Canterbury Times. 