our paris letter. tROM OUR CORRESPONDENT. PARIS, 1st January. It is considered .that apart from the com mon action of Russia and Germany, and the apparent self-isolation of Franco in China, it is full time for England to show that she exists in the extreme East. The issues are becoming very complicated, and appear to bo dropjnng into a struggle between Britain nnd Muscovy. Russia breathes peace, but keeps resolutely creeping ahead, never re coils. Allies and friends are utilised for lier advance. Two facts are precise and clear. Russia has secured by treaty the right of winter hospitality at Port Arthur during 14 years; 111 other words, for ever. In that interim she will fortify and arm the local ity— for herself, of course, while holding to lier already big grab of Manclioorin. Russia had also some secret, mystic rights on Kiao- Chou, which Germany has taken, hut that is viewed as part of the all-round game. Suc-li are the facts recognised of the open ing march of the two powers, Russia and Germany, into tlie bowels of Cliinalaud. There are other points still undefined, such as the policy of Russia to 011st British func tionaries from 'post, nnd place in the Corcn, as well as in China proper, a sort of Kaul- bardising" of the situation. This has made the Hermit Kingdom a sudden actuality. It is viewed ns good play 011 the part of England to reinstnto her agent at Chemulpo, but the occupation of Port Hamilton, pend ing the leasing of Tort Arthur, or the concession to Gel-many of Kiao C'hnu, is nlso a first class event to he achieved. It can be made nn important coaling sta tion, and it commands the route to Pekin. England returned the island to China about 10 years ago, hut on condition that she would grant no concessions to any other power— a promise honored in the breach. Further, England needs a good port in northern Chinese seas, though her grab must ultimately be made more to the south. Till Trincc Henry of Prussia arrives with his "squadron" of two ships, perhaps Ger many will remain enigmatical. It is a rumor that ho intends to occupy Port Hamilton; hut all sorts of wild storicB are afloat. The attitude of Germany is still too indefinite; to speculate upon cutting out a colonial em pire out of China is hazardous, and the step taken by the Kaiser is most important. At tlie present moment not much importance is attached to the triple alliance. Austria is morally shaken to pieces; all lier com ponent parts aim at becoming inde pendent; none display any desire for unity. Tlie deatli of Francis Joseph will possibly he the winding up act of his realm. Italy hns a good fleet; it is accepted as pledged to act in commdn with the British navy; she hns always been treated as the Cinder ella in the alliance, for the great hcip-hopc was ever upon Austro-Hungary. The Kaiser is now 011 the run to seek a new arrange ment; some astute diplomatists conclude because his two ships, outward hound, have coaled at English stations — the only place tlicy could— he would like to he friends with England; that is not a work to he con quered in a day; he is obsequious towards Russia, all that could he desired towards France, save returning Alsace— a question not now of any burning importance to cither the old masters or the new. Tlie relntions between Japan and Britain are ac cepted as more than excellent. What these two powers decide in the Chinese waters must be accepted. They have all tlie fleets there at their mercy. And Japan intends to make good this time, Willi tlie arm of England, for what she was robbed of in lier victories over China by tlie llusso-Frnnco- Gonnan alliance. Nor can China herself be left out of the possibilities. She may prove ugly in dying, and,ruiiningintoinsurrection, may find iii her 350,000,000 a few Tartar chiefs, whose leading of vast hordes of men niny change the whole chances of the gaiiie. . I'o tlie surprise of everybody, the popu lation for the year 1890 displays an increase, no fewer than 93,700 over deaths. It is not much, but it is 011 tho desired side. That in crease iu tlie natal rate is equivalent to nearly 23 per 1000 of tlie inhabitants, but the average and common hirtli rate for Europe is 38 per 1000. France has thus much way yet to make up. Dr. Bcrtillou seems inclined to attribute the augmentation to the "Alliance Society for the Propagation of Babies" that lie organised nearly two years ago. Be it so, while remembering that the deaths were very low in France in 1896\. England and Austria have a net annual increase of olive branches of 500,000, while the Kaiser's subjects have nearly 700,000. The divorces continue to augment also. Other piece of good news; a hole 10 miles long will be made in the fortifications of Paris, by levelling the one-third of the costly inutility, from tlie Pont du Jour, facing the Clinmp de Mars, up to Pontin 111 the North West. But this space will not be left wholly unprotected; it will have the Seine as a moat aud the canal otVgt. Denis, while special out-lying new forts will be constructed. That will eat up a great many of tlie millions to he netted from the sale of the cleared spuce as building sites. At 011c time ex-Minister of tlie Marine Loek- roy desired to appropriate all the millions for the construction of a navy. He was in as big a hurry as the Kaiser, though the lat ter does not appear to he so sure of liis suc cess us formerly. Tlie most difficult aim to accomplish is to make people who are bending under the weight of taxation love fresh burdens of that heavy weight. Since the invention of far-reaching artillery the Paris fortifications have become useless. It was a wliim of Thiers that led the works to ho undertaken 60 years ago— all they ever, served was to keep his Government out of the city pending tlie Commune. The exhibition works appear to he mak ing fair progress, despite the expected ru mor that they can never be completed by the 1st of May, 1900. Really there are no extraordinarily heavy contracts to execute after the new bridge and the two palaces of fine arts. Iron enters so largely into the composition of tho superstructures that the foundations once laid, the timely termina tion is certain. No decision lias yet been arrived at respecting tlie colonial special building; that will be for a very early deci sion after the holidays. Tlie rivals for the site are Vincennes'and St. Cloud. The mu nicipality desires to secure the favor for tlie former, in order to benefit the city, for the structure will be permanent; hut if it be intended to make money, that solution must be solved at St. Cloud. No one goes to Vincenncs, save those who must— holiday makers lean to St. Cloud. The several sec tional committees are as busy as nailers, and the verdict is unanimous that the nomination of Indies, wherever it wns practicable, as members of the sections lias had a most triumphant success. They shame the gentlemen with activity. A friend of his lias commercially taken up the geographical idea of Elisee Rcclus, .to appropriate tlie basin in the grounds of tiie Trocndero, and erect therein fixtures of ma chinery one-fourth of the height of the Eiffel Tower, in which a terrestial globe would be suspended, of 30 yards in diameter; there would be seven sections, reached by lifts, to enable visitors to view and study tlie nutural histories of any special region, 11s well as the ethnographical curios, their manners and customs. The company offers to lease the site at 5000 f. a year rent dur ing 10 years) and in addition to other ad vantages would give a percentage of 10 to 20 per cent, on the receipts. The exhibi tion commissioners think rather well of the idea, and if the company would lodge 200,000 f. earnest money till the works were completed, business could be done. Have we done with the Panama scandal? The seven insignificant unfortunates, in cluding the notorious Arton himself, have all been unanimously acquitted by the jury after one hour's deliberation. People took no interest in the trial. The accused were ex, or existing, deputies, tlie minnows; long, long ago the tritons escaped readily out of tlie net. It only now remains, after this cleaning by the assize court, for the Parlia mentary. committee to clwq its report, .and then deposit it in tlie sepulchre, and roll the stone to the mouth. Two pcrsbns have fared badly in the prosecution just tormi- nutcd — one deputy, who shot himself before the trial commenced; nnd Deputy Naquet, wlio decided to he as sick as Hcrz, and. re mained in London. Only think of Arton being declared innocent! In home politics there is nothing in which tlie country takes tlie ghost of an interest, and yet next autumn the general elections will be held. Tlie de puties and the journals have all tlie political world thus to themselves, proposing, as ever, Penelope reforms. Premier Mclinc tlisjilays pluck, nnd will have business be fore Utojiias and windbagism. That gives liiin a grip on tlie nation, which desires to work, to live in pence, and to save money. The finances are still in a betwixt heaven nnd earth situation, hut the sale of the fortification lands will bring grist to the mill. Difficult ns is the position of the Minister of Finance, lie keep true to hav ing in one budget all tlie year's receipts and expenditure. Tlmt alone is an achievement of no small value. Tho national mind would of course swing round to political activity were it subjected to any special strain. But no such strain looms in the dis tance. Tlie trend of the nation is to practi cal ameliorations of home, with a faint, though growing, tendency to colonial matters. "The cankers of a long peace" will contribute much to wean tlie French into bread and butter lines. Anglophobism is not dead of course, hut it is less explosive. This is due to the discovery having been made that vituperation and Turk's head poundings do not affect John Bull's pro gramme in tlie least. He starts with a fixed plan, and is certain to arrive at its realisa tion, if not this year, the next. Among the many improvements tlie city lias in its day undergone, 110110 equals thfe just accepted by tlie municipal council. Vagrancy is in terdicted in tlie city, but the helpless and hideous deformities, remnants of human beings, nre winked at oven by the police. These unfortunates realise good sums of money in a day, ns M. Pnulinn, who "makes up" to beg for the sick and needy, lias shown. Well, all the deformities will now be lodged in a common asylum, a cour de miracles, controlled by up-to-date inspectors; hero they will be supplied with work con genial to what their physical debris will permit, but to wander into Paris tlicy will not be allowed — nor to leave, unless tlicy can give satisfac tory evidence tlmt tlicy have other means of supporting themselves besides begging. ltnover rains hut it pours. For nearly two years a commission of the lending physicians has been oeeupied with the question of tuberculosis or consumption. The most re markable feature about tho body was, that it did work, and next did right good duty. It was unanimously agreed that tubercu losis was "avoidable" and nlso "curable"; that the contagion of the disease was con veyed chiefly by the expectorations of the afflicted, and that the latter, when they have no spittoon — that should be carefully cleansed daily ought to employ a mouchoir, which can he disinfected and washed. These conclusions nre set out on metallic tablets, and are suspended everywhere. There are about 25 public hospitals in Paris; tlie com mission lias arranged that each hospital shall set apart or build a special wing or wards where tho consumptive patients shall be kept and treated. It is thus that the Ixiriboisere hospital lias just inaugu rated two buildings to receive 180 tuber- culosed of both sexes, to be treated sepa rately from all other patients. . The Boulevard fair has been well supplied with toys, cheap, well finished, eye catching, and all made in Paris. That is a great fact, as till the last two years .Germany was the fur nisher. But there is a total absence of originality in Lite outputs— a matter of sup reme indifference to tlie young folks. Child ren of larger growth have puzzles, and that they enjoy, especially that affecting tlie looking out or tlie keeping in of tlie Ger man fleet at Kiao-chou. Note that this name, owing to its clastic character, admits of being spelled as many ways as that of Mahomet. 