OLDT TIME MEMORIES FISHER'S GHOST. THE LEGEND OF CAMPBELLTOWN. By G. B. BARTON. The story of Fisher's ghost has often been told, but seldom with regard to fact. It has been included in the collection pub- lished in England under the title of "News from the Invisible World." In "Longmans' Magazine" Mr. Andrew Lang, connoisseur in ghosts, selects it for special notice, and asks, "Does any Australian archaeologist know whether a report of the trial exists in the archives of Sydney?" In my narra tive I have endeavoured to give the facts as they appear in the judge's noteB of the j trial and other contemporary records. 1 Campbelltown in 1826 was a village thirty-1 four miles from S3'dney, with a church and j a courthouse, the Forbes Inn, &c.; The population was composed mainly of ticket- j of-leave settlers liying on farms. There) were a few gentlemen farmers, who had taken up grants of two or three thousand acres, and who employed convict labour, i making most of their profit out of contracts with the Commissariat department for the supply of meat and grain. i One of the most prosperous of the small settlers was Frederick Fisher, ticket- of ieave holder. By thrift and industry he had acquired considerable property in the shape of land and live stock. He was un married, and lived with George Worrell, another farmer, who, though not so well educated as himself, acted as his agent and overseer. Worrell had made himself completely master of Fisher's affairs, knew to a penny what he was worth, ana was looked upon by their neighbours as bis man of business. In fact, he was so much master of the situa tion that he learned to look on Fisher as an unnecessary figure. He suggested to Fisher more than once that he should take a trip to the old country and see his friends, telling him that he could depend on his affairs being well looked after during his absence. Fisher, unlike most of 1ub class, felt no yearning to revisit the scenes of his childhood; the recollections were not pleasant; and he could not bring himself to relinquish the daily routine of his life. So he decided to remain. Worrell, neverthe less, gave it out that Fisher was thinking of going home shortly, and might be away for years. At this time Fisher was putting up in the township a brick building, which he in tended to use as a store. While the work was going on the bricklayers and other mechanics used to spend their winter even ings in Worrell's kitchen. On June 17' Fisher came in about dusk, and one of the men having hinted that they would like a drink, he gave him a dollar to get some rum at the public-house. Four men took up their hats and went out together. Fisher went with them. He was in the habit of strolling about the farm of an evening to look at things before he "turned in," and he was frequently seen sitting on a top rail i smoking. After a while one of the four men came back, and asked for Fisher, and when he wob told that he had not returned, he said, "I wish he would come in, as I want j another dollar." i Fisher did not return, nor was he ever seen again alive. Worrell said nothing next morning about his friend's absence. The j men were not asked whether they had seen j anything of Fisher, nor was his absence) mentioned to the police. Things went on as usual. When anyone happened to ask I Worrell what had become of Fisher he' would say that lie had gone to Sydney and taken his passage in the ship Lord Saint 1 Vincent for England. No ship of that I name had entered the harbour. ; The most inquisitive neighbour was Cod dington, a farmer at Bunbury Currau. He was overseer for Daniel Cooper, .senior part ner in the big firm of Cooper and Levy, ship-owners and merchants, and uncle of the present Sir Daniel, at that time a little boy living with his parents at Bolton, in Lancashire. About three weeks after ■ Fisher's disappearance, Coddington called | at Worrell's farm, when Worrell offered to j sell him a young horse. Knowing that it had belonged to Fisher, Coddington said, "By-the-bye, where is Fisher?" "Oh, he haB left the country with £300 in his pocket. It's a secret his going; but I intend to see Cooper myself shortly, and inform him of it. A chaise came for mm in the night, and he went away suddenly and privately. No one knew anything about it but myself, and I promised to say nothing." In this way Worrell tried to make the matter look mysterious, implying that there was a very good reason for Fisher's going; in fact, that he had "bolted." "Well," said Coddington, "I'd like to see the authority for selling the horse, 1 sup pose you've got it?" "Yes," said Worrell, "I have Fisher's re ceipt for it, and will show it to you." He went in for it, hnt returned and said \- - . #•_-<» », ; 1 LL. W..4. becotihFnot find it just then, but would ~ " Cddaington next time he have it ready for came thai way. ' Two days afterwards Coddington called to see the authority, when Worrell pro duced a receipt for £130 for "three mares j ahd a horsecloth." It was not Fisher s and $ k wu8 nov i ibuci <*! handwriting, and, although he said nothing1 about that, he declined to buy. Codding-1 ton wrote to "Cooper, and mentioned what j Worrell had said. I A week afterwards he met Ham-! mond, a settler, in Campbelltown, and their talk turned on Fisher's disap- j pearance. Both had known him well, and had been in the habit of seeing him frequently. Hammond mentioned j that Worrell had offered to sell hint some boards, saying that "they must be) taken away immediately," for fear of an execution being put in by one of bis creditors. And when Worrell was asked why Fisher had gone away, he said, "Be cause be was afraid of a prosecution for forgery." Hammond and Coddington ex changed confidences, and agreed in think ing Worrell's conduct very suspicious. Some days after this Hammond and Worrell went to Sydney. Worrell was . at this time in full possession of all Fisher's property—land, houses, horses, and the old gig in which he used to drive about the country. They put up at the Dog and Duck Inn, on Brickfield Hill. . The day after their arrival Worrell called on Cooper, and said, "I want to know, Mr. Cooper, the exact amount of the balance due by Fisher on the I land in Campbelltown he bought from you;1 and if you'll give me the title deeds I'll pay the money. I h&ye; a written power of attorney to act for- bhn." "Can you let ine see it?" "Yes, I can, but I haven't brought it with me." "But where is Fisher, Mr. Worrell? Is it true that be has left the country or not ? You ought to know." "I -don't know anything about it, Mr. Cooper, except that he left my houBe one night suddenly, about a month ago. I ex pect he had Something on his mind at the time, but he didn't tell me what it was." Not feeling satisfied, Cooper pressed Wor rell on the subject, but could not get a di rect answer. At last Worrell said, "I sup pose all you want is your money; if you 11 give tne the. papers,. Ill jj>ay "I haven't got them here; my solicitor, James Norton, has them. I'll see him about them." This conversation made the merchant feel very suspicious. The manner in which Wor rell spoke showed that there was something more in it than he cared to disclose. It was very improbable that Fisher would have gone away in such fashion—sneaking out of the country, as if he wanted to evade his creditors, when to Cooper's certain knowledge he was clear of debt and per fectly solvent. Cooper had done business with Fisher for four years, and had always found him prompt in settling his accounts. Nor was Fisher likely to have run the risk involved in returning from transpor tation before the term of his sentence had expired. Cooper saw Norton, to whom he repeated the conversation he had just had. "Worrell evidently knowB something that he won't tell; his manner is extraordinary. What can it be? Did Fisher take bis papers away from you?" Norton called in uis conveyancing clerk, and asked him the question. "No, he has not been at the office for some months." As the papers had been left for the pur pose of having a conveyance made out from Norton to Fisher, Cooper and Norton agreed that it was hardly likely he would have gone on a long voyage without having that matter settled before he left, especially if he wanted money. "There's another thing," said Cooper. "My overseen at Campbelltown tells me that Worrell has been trying to sell Fisher's horses and other things, and has been giv ing out that Fisher had to leave in a hurry, for fear of a prosecution. I can't believe i that of him." | The lawyer saw the suspicious side of the 1 case quickly, but as there was nothing tan- j gible to go upon he thought that they should wait and see what might turn up. "If there has been foul play," he 6aid, "depend upon it, murder will out." Cooper had hardly got back to his office; when in walked Hammond. The news of j the district was discussed, and of course: Fisher's disappearance. Hammond related i what had passed between himself and Wor- j rell, his conversations with Coddington, i &c.; The -strangest thing was that no one I could gneSs what had become of Fisher, j Not a trace could be found. Everj'one who ! knew him^adibfqxuyn&king; search; so had the district police*? mt "np two could agree in a theory.as to the cause and manner of his disappearance— Of course, JYorrell had ■ friends who eupported wis^gfcory. "I suppose Fisher -has'been murdered," said Cooper. "More than you suspect it," replied Ham mond. When Hammond went back to the "Dog I and Duck" he found Worrell in the par-1 lour, drinking pretty freely with other far mers, and looking excited. They dined to- ] gether, and afterwards had a little conver- j sation, in the course of which Hammond ' told Worrell what Cooper had said. Wor-1 rell tried to pass the matter off as.some-! thing too absurd to talk about, but the! laugh sounded hollow, and there was a! change of colour in his face. I "Worrell, if you do know anything about j Fisher, you had better tell it. It's no use j trying to conceal a thing when you know j that people are determined to find it out." i "I tell yon, Hammond, he has left the I colony, and that's all I know, as God's j above me. You needn't bother your head ; any more about him; he's near England j now." After their return to Campbelltown, | Hammond had occasion to see Worrell about some horses. Worrell admitted that' they had belonged to Fisher, but added, i "He's on the water now, and I have au thority to act," at the same time produc ing a receipt. Having seen Fisher write frequently. Hammond had no hesitation in saying, "That's not his handwriting, Wor rell: it's a forgery." "Fisher gave it to me, at any rate." "Then it must have been to trick you.' Hammond suspected that it had been written by someone in Worrell's service, at his dictation, for he was under the impres sion that Worrell could not write. At that moment Worrell happened to rise and walk across the room; and as he walked, the tight fit of his trousers and their peculiar cut attracted Hammond's notice. He re membered having seen Fisher in them, and as Fisher was much smaller than Worrell— who was a tall, muscular man of thirty-six— the trousers made Worrell look more awk-: ward than he was aware of. Hammond made no remark. When three months had passed, Cooper called on his legal adviser, Norton agreed that nothing was to be gained by longer de lay, and suggested-ihat they should first see the principal superintendent of police, Cap tain Rossi. That gentleman had already heard a good deal. The superintendent at Campbelltown, William Howe, had men tioned it in his reports to the Sydney onice. Rossi thought that the heel thing was to offer a reward; and that course being ap 8roved, the three gentlemen proceeded to lie Colonial Secretary's office, in Bridge street. When they were admitted into Alexander McLeay's presence, that learned entomologist put aside a bundle of manu script notes on some new species of lepi doptera. . The object of their visit was explained. McLeay directed Rpeei to write out an offi cial notice, offering £20 reward. A few days afterwards a notice appeared in the Sydney "Gazette" in these terms:— "Supposed Murder. "Whereas Frederick Fisher, by the ship Atlas, holding a ticket of leave, and lately residing at Campbelltown, has disappeared within the last three months, it is hereby notified that a reward of £20 will be given for the discovery of the body oF the said Frederick FiBlier; or, if he shall have quitted the colony, a reward of £5 will be given to any person or persons who shall produce proof of the same. "By Hi6 Excellency's command. "Alex. McLeay. "Colonial Secretary's Office, September 22nd 1820." ' Discussion got a lreBh start Instead of being talked about guardedly, m whispers, the matter was openly and loudly can vassed. The universal impression was that It was a case of murder. Worrell soon noticed, the altered tone and manner m which people spoke to him; but he main tained an air of indifference. I The reward offered was a much larger sum in those days than it Beems now. Yet day after day passed without any sign re vealing itself. The men who were in Worrell's kitchen on the night of the 17th of June epoke positively about Fisher's com ing in and going out, so that the hour, and almost the moment, when he was last seen alive, could be fixed to a certainty. Their statements, indeed, made them objects of suspicion, and Worrell was not slow in taking advantage of the handle they gave him. "If Fisher was murdered," he said,' "they ought to be able to say something about it—they saw the last of him." This seemed reasonable, although it did not agree with his statement about the chaise that had come for Fisher in the night, and taken him to Sydney. A month after the first publication of extraordinary statement was the notice an ext. . made by Farley, one of the settlers. He said that while driving home from Camp belltown on the previous night he passed the corner of a paddock that had belonged to Fisher, adjoining Worrell's farm, about fifty yards from his house. As he passed he saw the figure of a man—to all appear ances Fisher—seated on the top rail of the fence. Taking it to be Fisher come back, he went up to speak; but as he approached the figure rose from the fence, waved its right arm in the direction of a small creek, nearly dry, running through the paddock, and disappeared, apparently following the windings of the channel. Horror-struck at the sight—for he now believed he had seen a spirit—he drove on as fast as he could, and on reaching his home related what he had seen to his wife. At her instance, Farley next day repeated I the statement to Howe, the superintendent of police, who took him before' the Rev. 1 Thomas Reddall, who was also a justice of the peace. Farley was so well known to be an honest man that he escaped the im putations which would otherwise have been cast on him. Mr. Reddail placed so much faith in the story that he informed his j brother magistrates privately about it at the next meeting of the bench. Though some of them were inclined to laugh, they [ concurred in issuing an order to the police to make careful search, beginning at the spot pointed out by Farley, and following the creek to where the figure disappeared. [ They ordered that Gilbert, a black tracker attached to the police station, should be added to the search party. I On October 31 Constables Newland and Roche, taking the black with them, pro ceeded to the spot. On reaching the pad dock corner they examined the top-rail de | scribed by Farley. Gilbert pointed out that the wood was stained; and on scraping it with a knife he declared that the stains I were made by blood. On the ground im mediately beneath there was a slight trace of fire. From the fence they went on to the creek, and at a pool covered with i scum Gilbert took a leaf from a corn-stalk, passed it over the scum, and put it to his n6*se. "White man's fat," he said. Then he led them up the creek till they came to a tributary running into it, ana followed it up for about forty rods, where the ground became swampy. Taking the ramrod from his musket, Gilbert drove it into the ground, drew it out, smelt it, and again said, "White man's fat; dig there." The constables procured spades, and set to work at the spot. There were some indi cations of a grave, and in a few minutes; they came upon a dead body. The features could not be recognised, owing to decomposition, but in other respects the body was well preserved. The creek was afterwards found to be impregnated with alum. On getting one of the hands clear, Constable Newland said, "That's the hand of Frederick Fisher: I will swear to it." He also recognised the body by its general appearance, and by the clothes. Leaving Roche in charge, Newland went back to inform Howe and the magistrates of the discovery, and to make arrangements for an inquest. A warrant was im mediately issued for tlie arrest of George Worrell, and Burke, the chief constable, took him into custody, telling him what j liad happened. At the same time he searched the place for any property be longing to Fisher that might be there, and seized all the papers he could find. When j the coroner, accompanied by Surgeon Hill,! came from Liverpool next morning, the 1 body was taken up and examined. The skull was found fractured in several places, each fracture being sufficient to have caused instant death. Hill also identified it as Fisher's; they cair.e out in the same ship from England. Although there was very little doubt as to who was the mur-! derer, the jury returned a verdiet of "wil-' ful murder against some person or persons unknown." When Worrell was brought before the Bench he made a declaration in which he accused the four men who were in his kitchen on the night of the 17th of June as the guilty persons. It did not make much impression on the magistrates, who committed him for trial at the next Criminal Sessions in Sydney. The event did not escape notice in the newspapers, but the accounts published hardly extended beyond a short paragraph. No mention was made by any of them of; Farley's adventure. But the story had be come well known all over the district, and in Sydney also. One paper said that "the way in which the body was discovered was most extraordinary;" another spoke of "the most miraculous discovery lour months after the murder had been com mitted." The sagacity shown by Gilbert was enough in itself to make the story popular. The trial took place in the Supreme Court, Sydney, on February 2, 1827, before Chief Justice Forbes and a military jury of six officers—as trial by jury ivas then carried on. The prosecution was conduc ted by Acting Attorney-General Moore, and tne defence by Howe, an attorney. Prisoner's counsel was not allowed then to address thie jury on hiB behalf. The Crown witnesses related all( the facts, as they appear in the foregoing narrative Only one witness was caued for the de fence—Boon, a settler, who stated thgjb he had had dealings with Fisher in connec tion with which a dispute had arisen be tween them. He charged Fisher with having signed his (witness's) name to an agreement, but Fisher denied the change. Boon said he believed that Fisher. had; . forged his name, and he threatened to pro 1 eecute. The prisoner, be said, accounted to him for Fisher's disappearance by say ing that he had run away in consequence of this threat. The Chief Justice held that the facts cast "the burden of proof" on the prisoner, He was bound to account for his possession of Fisher's property and for Fisher's absence. The confident manner in which he hhd spoken pf Fisher's departure, and the I Becret" that he said was in it, all showed ! an intimate acquaintance, or a pretended one, with his movements., The statement made before the magistrates that Fisher bad been killed by the four men could not be reconciled with bis first,story. It was at best but bare suspicion; but, supposing that there was any foundation'for it, how came he, the friend of the murdered, man, to make no inquiries, to take possession of his goods, to say that Fisher purposely quitted the colony to avoid pursuit, ana that he held a power of attorney, and to produce false receipts? These things were not reconcilable with the natural course which be ought to have pursued under such extraordinary circumstances. The prisoner listened to the judge's charge, as he had listened to the evidence, without showing emotion. He did not seem much interested in the proceedings: one might have thought that they bored him. No one could have looked more in different when the jury retired, or less con cerned when they returned, as they did in a very short time. "Standing boldly forth/' wrote a reporter, "without betray ing the slightest visible change of coun tenance, he heard the fatal verdict of guilty." With the same stolid look he saw the judge put on the black cap, and heard him pronounce the dreadful sentence, to be carried out within three days, and to be followed by dissection. Worrell was equally callous when he stood on the scaffold m front of the old gaol, -off Lower George-street, and found himself in the presence of an enormous crowd gathered together on the rocks im mediately above, "With a contracted brow and eyes im movably fixed on the ground, he stood, both before and after he ascended the scaffold, firm and motionless, showing no symptom of remorse, or even of interest in the sacred rites which were being performed by the minister of religion." He was at tended by the Rev. William Co^er, of the Church of England, to whom he made confession. There was not much truth in the confes sion. He admitted that the declaration before the magistrates, implicating the four men, was wholly false, and that he him self had struck the fatal blows. He left the house, he said, on June 17 in Fisher's company, intending to spend the evening in the township. Tbey were perfectly good friends, and had been so for a long time before. When they had walked to gether some forty rods he observed some stray horses among the wheat, and one being near he took up a rail lying on the ground and aimed a blow at it. He struck Fisher instead, by mischance, and felled him to the ground. Raising Fisher up, he found the man almost lifeless, and, being afraid to seek assistance, he watched until he died. Then he lifted and carried the body about fifty yards, till he came to some rushes grow ing in a marshy spot, where he left it for the night. He returned to his home, where he found a jovial company of hard working labourers assembled. "Ah!" he concluded, "the evening before this fatal occurrence I was happy. I could boast of being a free man. I had my two or three servants at command, and my orders were obeyed. But now, how can I dare to meet the face of an honest man!" He died with this story on his lips, and left a name which wiU never be forgotten in the annals of Australian crime. Sensational as they were, the peculiar incidents of the case do not seem to have attracted at the time anything like the attention they have done in later years. The interest has steadily grown. The first narrative in which mention was made of the apparition appeared in R. Mon gomery Martin's "History of the British Colonies," published in London in 1835. He was practising as a physician in Parra matta at the time of the murder, and being then engaged in collecting materials for his work, which in cluded a study of the aboriginal race, Gilbert's performance evidently presented itself to his mind as an apt illustration of their intelligence. Their success in follow ing up a trail had led to their being em ployed as constables at country police sta tions for the capture of runaway prisoners. Martin's version of the affair presents some interesting variations. He says:— "An instance of their keen sight and scent occurred when I was in New South Wales. A settler on the Great Western road was missing from his small farm. His convict overseer gave out that he had gone off privately to England, and left the pro perty in his care. This was thought ex traordinary, as the settler was not in diffi culties, and was a steady, prudent indi vidual. "The affair, however, was almost for gotten when, one Saturday night, another settler was returning with his horse and cart from market. On arriving at a part of the fence on the road-side, near the farm of his absent neighbour, he thought lie saw him sitting on the fence; immediately the farmer pulled up his mare, got out of the cart, and went towards the fence. His neighbour, as he plainly appeared, quitted the fence, and crossed the field towards a pond in the direction of his home, wlu'eh it was supposed he had deserted. The farmer thought it strange, remounted his cart, and proceeded home. "The next morning he went to his neigh hour's cottage, expecting to see him, but saw onlv the overseer, who laughed at tlie Sv and Mid that tie master was then near England. The circumstance was so Etiancfthat the farmer went to the nearest justice of the peace, related the above, and itated that he thought i'oul pla> had taken ^ "A native black, who was (and I believe still is) attached to the station as a con stable, was sent with some of.the; mounted J5K and accompanied the farmer to the rails where the latter thought lie saw, the evening before* hisdecease'd friend The black was pointed out the spot, without showing him the direction which the lost person apparently took after quitting ti e fence. On elose inspection, a part of the upper rail was observed to be discoloured. It was scraped with a knife by the black, smelt, and tasted. Immediately after he crossed the fence, and took a straight direction for the pond near thecottage On its surface was a scum which the black took up in a leaf, and, alter tasting and smelling, he declared it to be white man s fat.' , ,, "Several times, somewhat after the man ner of a bloodhound, he coursed round tlie lake; at last darted into the neighbouring thicket, and stopped over a place contem ing some loose and decayed brushwood. On removing this, lie thrust down the ram rod of his piece into the earth, smelt it, and then desired the spectators to dig there. Instantly spades were brought from the cottage, and the body of the absent settler was found, with his skull fractured, and presenting every indication of^having been some time immersed in water. Martin did not see any reason to doubt the story of the apparition. 'The unac countable manner, lie added, in vmch the murderer was discovered is one ot the inscrutable dispensations of Providence. As Martin was living in the neighbourhood at the time, and writing under the respon sibility of a historian, his testimony is en titled to weight. The story was told soon afterwards by an anonvinous writer, who treated it in an essentiallv different style, hut still with the same faith in the apparition. His narrative appeared in "Tegg's Monthly Magazine, published in Sydney in 1836, under the title of "Fisher's Ghost: A Legend of Campbelltown." The incidents were re lated on the authority of local residents, with little attempt to embellish them. "The principal portions of the tale, said the writer, "may be relied on as strictly true. We leave others to solve the pro blem of the appearance of Fisher's ghost, contenting ourselves with simply telling j the talc as it was told to us. Most of those i toneerned in the investigation ot the affair ^ are still alive, and can hear testimony to j its truth." _ ! There are many points of difference be tween the magazine article and the facts a« tbev appear in the report of the trial; , but the narrative is substantially correct. The vaviat ions are such as might be ex-1 pected where the writer had no better materials at his command than he could gather from the Campbelltown villagers. At the time he wrote, they could point out to visitors "a large unfinished, brick build ing, fast mouldering to decay, which seems to have been intended, at the time of its erection, for a store. Its appearance, how ever, shows that, whatever may have been the intention in erecting it, something must have intervened to prevent the ac complishment of the object. It is now rapidly falling into decay, and the fresh ness of the grass which covers the sward around it shows that, whatever the cause may lie, the ruins are not much frequented bv the inhabitants of the surrounding cot tages." This little bit of description would have made a very good introduction for a ghost story, but "it was probably an accu rate sketch drawn from personal observa tion, Manv vears passed before the story was revived.' John Lang, author of several popular tales founded on well-known inci dents in the early history of Botany Bay where some years of his life were spent— was first in the field with his story ot "The Ghost upon the Hail," published in 1859. This was quite a new version, and one in which the writer did not even pretend to follow the facts, or to trouble himself about accuracy of detail. Under the influence of such treatment as this, the fine old legend would probably have degenerated into a commonplace ghost story, had not a second historical writer come to its rescue. Like the renovator of an old painting, Mr. G. W. Rusden re stored the chronicle to its original colours in his "History of Australia," published in 1883\. "It was a case," be said, "which was seriously considered in every household of the colony." By no means a credulous ■writer, and having lived in the country sufficiently near the time to test the tradi tion by personal inquiry, Mr. Rusden found no reason to doubt its truthfulness. Allud ing to the garbled versions of it, he says in a footnote:—"I have corrected current rumours by comparison with the words of a trustworthy informant, a medical man. | who lived long in the neighbourhood and attended Farley on his death-bed. He often conversed with Farley on the subject of the vision which scared him." Mr. Rusden might have added that Farley never varied in his relation of the circumstances. Another point on which Mr. Rusden agreed with the tradition was that "the apparition led to the search for the body." The blood-stains on the rail had previously escaped notice; how did they come to be discovered more than four months after the murder? Unless there had been some indication to lead up to it, why should the search have been commenced at that par ticular spot? Ho effort has succeeded in shaking the credit of Farley though be was not called at the trial. "Nothing," says Mr. Rusden, "was ever elicited to account for the vision which Farley described, or to suggest that he previously suspected foul play on the part of Worrell and others." A suggestion to that effect was made by Mr. W. H. Sutton in a version of the tale published in Bkthurst in 1887. "The murder," be said, «'had probably been known to, or dis covered by Farley, and he then invented $he whole story to ease his conscience of a burden too heavy to carry any longer." t J(3w4n««#ibn has often been asked, "Why vras Fwey not called as a witness?" The Sw isl sa Mr. Rusden says, that "refer apparition could not be al , court of justice, nor be ad [anise." For a similar reason aJ, who was called to the preliminary charge ».d nothing ( about the mention of it when he "Wotrdlj It should r - itefl. On the' . _Jde»ce against Wftl maide after 