i/arit nous VM3 The S.A. legal profession in general wholly •condemn the action of the Law Society in bringing Muirhead's "generous" bill of costs before the Banco Court, not, mind you, on the ground that it wasn't deserved, but because of the harm it has done to the profession ! C. M. Muirhead's defence that he knew nothing of the bill until he attended for the taxation is hard to swallow, and the statement would be more generally accepted had he explained why he did not immediately withdraw it when he did discover what a tremendous bill it was. The whole proceedings, however, have opened the eyes of the people, and it will be little wonder if the man who in the future goes to latf is condemned for a fool. * * * Chief Justice Way's evident strong feeling in that little matter of the costs which the S.A. Law Society foolishly brought under the notice of the judges, reminds a CRITIC contributor of a cansus celebre in January, 1869. This matter dealt with the removal of Mr. Justice Boothby from the Supreme Court Bench, and Pasquin dealt with it in a sketch, " The Way the Money Goes." Mr. Way (now Chief Justice) was one of the counsel employed, and his bill of costs totted up £2,031 2s. 7d. Pasquin says the items in the bill were instructive and mysterious, and consultations and refreshers followed in rapid and alarming rapidity, Example : Fee with brief, £115 ; fee without brief, .£115 ; brief without fee; £115. A very satirical sketch concluded witji the verses : i One Way says to Way, It's a very fine day, ! And by Way of a dodge the question enlarges. 1 It's a Way that Way A Has of increasing his pay And of finding a Way to double his charges. It ! s a very nice Way without a'ny pressure ' Of consulting with Way to get a refresher. It's the Way of all ways To make Way for delays, And the best Way, Way weens To create ways and means. So says Way with his thumb to his nose, I'm a Way with the fee And a Way on the spree, And that's the Way the money goes. * * * Shakespeare slightly altered in view of a recent bill of costs :— My conscience hath a thousand several tongues, And every tongue brings in a several tale, And every tale condemns me for a—lawyer. * * * Melb. Argus has recently been welcoming some old friends. "A Victorian Mother," "Parent," "Mother" (plain " Mother "), and that emphatic Norwegian, "In Loco Parentis," who have been quite domesticated since the Argus alleged solution of " Young Victoria's pronunciation " a few years ago, have once more risen in much wrath to jump on Prof. Marshall- Hall. They, one and all, compare his erratic rhyme with the " blameless Christian life " led by Francis Ormond, who founded the Chair of Music which the Prof, at present occupies—and at the same time, while trying to write merely from the paper's notice of the naughty book, they show a well-developed knowledge of the naughty book upon which they are trampling. From the journalistic point of view, the journal, which, whatever else its faults, is the Australian champion of Federation, overdid those letters. There is too much of a " written in the office " look about them. Apart from that, it looks, in view of the very latest phases of this alleged "Public Scandal"—the meeting of the 'Varsity Council and the Prof.'s long letter in explanation and the decision of the Council to give him the (democratic) right of personal reply on Friday of this week—as though the Argus had given its most machine-like reporter the task of criticising the book. There s an air of truth from a pure-minded but weak-brained artist in the Prof.'s. letter. The CRITIC thinks that the Council should give him a restricting word of caution, but should not remove him, as the Argus and its resurrected friends demand. * * * There's always a fly in the ointment. Premier Turner is a Federation " solid man" and has converted crowds, including many Argustorians, in consequence; he has also produced an exhilarating little balance-sheet with surplus attached; also, as a result of the good season which has more than dawned for his province, he has a larger surplus still up his sleeve for " next time." These are the ingredients of the ointment. The fly is the almost vanished ghost of the big maritime strike—in other words, the Unemployed Difficulty. It was like the bad old times to see a deputation of unemployed waiting on Turner last week and then processing the Block, but it wasn't the procession of some years ago either in numbers or nudity. Candour compels THE CRITIC to say, though we have a large heart of sympathy with the genuinely battling workless, that a lot of it wasn't genuine. And it is noteworthy that in the same week the Trades Hall Council debated the advisability of stopping meetings of the unemployed in the hall, one reason given being that the men hung about the hall passages all day smoking, and spitting. Now, what sort of unemployed are the men who, wanting work, hang about a building chatting, smoking, and spitting 2 The Council decided by a narrow majority to allow the meetings to continue, and perhaps did right, all things considered, but it would be interesting to know who and what is behind this suddenly resurrected unemployed demonstration. Trenwith, it may be mentioned, is a well-hated member of the T.H. Council and a particular pet of the Turner ministry, which has gradually recovered comparative prosperity. Think it out. * * * THE PROFESSOR'S PRAYER. That pagans, hand on mouth, would lay, In worship, ad oration shows; And Marshall Hall is wont to pray, For all his journalistic foes, In quite a modern sort of way, With thumb and fingers to his nose. But, with his orisons to-day, Would take a more impressive pose : He would not, at his fingers, stay ; He'd much prefer to use his toes. OUTIS. * * * Several members of S.A. Parliament are very anxious to see a copy of the Adelaide costs ren- dered to the Federal Bank liquidators by their solicitor. That particular business was done under the immediate supervision of the Chief Justice, who no doubt gave his serene approval to the charges made, some of which, it is affirmed, are somewhat sensational. * * * Position of affairs in connection with a recent Broken Hill law case: Alderman Wright was fined 10s. and costs in the Police Court for defying the Mayor at a Council meeting. Defendant applied to the Supreme Court in Sydney for a "prohibition against the Council and the Court. Pending the appeal being heard, the Council were advised that it must go down, and the other side notified that on payment of <£20 or so costs the whoie matter would be dropped. Council sniffed (the few members that knew of the offer) and decided to fight on. It fought on, and got licked. Costs in the meantime had run heavily into treble figures. Now defendant (who is still an Alderman) and his followers object to the Council footing the lawyer's bill. Question agitating the mind of those few who still try to fathom the bottom of local municipal matters is, Who's to pay ] ASSEMBLY AMENITIES. When Clement speaks, Or rather, squeaks, (At times, indignantly, he screeches) Rude Archie, near, Will, in his ear, With sniggers punctuate his speeches; This greatly riles The soul of Giles, Who'd like to shift him by the breeches. * * * A N.S. W. Ministry of giants, if it could only be brought about (and why impossible 1) : Barton, Premier; See, Treasurer; Wise, Attorney - General; Lyne, Col. Secretary ; Copeiand, Lands; Bruce Smith, Works, O'Connor, Justice; Crick, Education and Industry; O'Sullivan, Postmaster - General; Abbot, Speaker. N.S.W. politicians have been hard at work lately, not thinking for themselves but trying to find out what their opponents think. Barton has been pounding day and night to find what Reid is likely to do, and Reid has labored to know what Barton will do so that he can get there first. Lyne has lain in bed most of the time, to be well rested to lay hold of affairs when Reid and Barton make a stale mate of federation. Nearly half the members of the Assembly are disguised enemies of federation. Federation will cut the V25 seats down to about 60, the Ministerial offices to three or four, and the general emoluments to about one-half their present figure. Hence, the stiletto is in their sleeve. Three-fourths of the Upper House are undisguisedly hostile. The general Parliamentary game, then, is to play federation into a Bishop Kennion has taken to the " Bike." Old Clergy.—" Goodness gracious, what is the Church coming to ? " Archibald does some cheap Electioneering. corner, whereupon Mr. Lyne will step in with an ad interim policy of protection. The other provinces must be awake or down goes " McGinty." * * * The thin edge of the reform wedge, as applied to Vic. Legislative Council, is welcomed in the announcement that Mr. Samuel Gillott, the wellknown Melb. solicitor, intends to oppose the Hon. "Nat." Levi in the North Yarra Province at the coming Council elections. The present member . is best known as boss of a hoarding - advt. firm and a laughable failure as a newspaper proprietor. There are many' good yarns about his Daily News and Evening News tizzies. "Sam." Gillott should bring broad solid sense and upto-date ideas to a Province and a " place " whence both have been consistently absent. RE-NAMING HIM. The Professor he rose with a lordly scowl, And of peace-loving people at once he fell foul, For he barracked for war Till they cried out, " O lor, From this out we'll know him as " Martial-Howl." And he published some verses did Marshall-Hall, And his rhyming and reason were smelly and small, So the Argus it rose, Holding tight to its nose, And it jumped on the thorax of " Garbage-Scrawl." it. it, M. The praise Melb. Argus gets for alleged promptness of its outcry against Prof. Marshall- Hall's book is unmerited, as, not until it had been in circulation some time and its author had ©fiended in his Liedertafel speech, was the inherent wickedness of " Hymns, Ancient and Modern " discovered. * * * Yic. Minister of Agriculture Taverner is now happy with £40,000 to build a big State freezing works—his pet hobby for years. He talks about the works returning a handsome profit to the State. More rubbish ! The new business is just a yearning after a big bribery vote in the shape of patronage, and it will never pay, because the State never troubles its head to balance affairs, and shunts liabilities on to the taxpayer. "What fine broad shoulders the taxpayer has ! Its near time the politician raised a monument to his great carrying power. * * * Sir John Downer states that he doesn't care if he never again secures election to the S.A. Assembly. Well, if he's tired, the country's more tired of him. * * * THE CEITIC understands that Mr. J. H. Angas, with his usual generosity, has offered Whinliam College to the S.A. Nonconformist bodies for the purposes of a Ladies' College. A meeting of lay and clerical representatives of the bodies concerned—Presbyterian, Methodist, Congregational, and Baptists—is shortly to be held to consider the basis on which to conduct the new institution, 