A SIP OF THE PEN. -4-.---- . . ' to rw all rlcky Carshalton's fatil:t, In Inany respects an amiable youth, he cani not be said to be possessed of the finet feelings, and perhaps Is not aware of the extent of the discomfort he produces in more setsitlve people. A frequenter of parties 6of every description, he is fond of varying the monotony of the social ro? tine by vrious little Practices. ; Of thseo his favorite, not alas! peculiar to ]himself, is commonly known as spoiling "sport. Whenever Dicky sees a pair of npeople' aho appear to take particular tie. Ight 'in one another's society, showing a tendency to seek unto themselves re treats,. he is never satisfied until, by some btld str6ke or cunning stratagem, ei has succeeded in separating them; or, tit least,?n' i"destroying their 'enjoyment Tor the rest hf one evening. The happpY possessor of 'a exhaustless supply of telf- confidence, 'nd the most brazenh lmpudence-the oldects of his at tack, minreover,-being rotm the nature of their posltion Comntratively defence less- it is needless to -add that,- though Dick?'hasn his fallures on record; th6y are greatly? outstrlliped in numbers by his successes; So there is nothing no Sonderful in the faot that Dicky was at ?he bottom of0 that' unfortunate Effair 'wlth Jack antlEthel. Matteis had, long been li a delicate and critical state between those two young 'people. Ja l?,.lhobohad told himselfover and over again that Ethel was a flirt .and that hefeOr one, had no intention of adding hlmt?fto the list of her victims: Swhile Ethel had relieved her feelings by repeatedly assuring herself that Jack was a cronsfellow, Who eared for nothing but his books, and was quite Impervious to the charms' of womanhood. But that night at the Warrington's things really'(did o seem to be taking a turn for the better. Ethel had boldly turned her back;on'half a dozen other * admirers, and Jack 'looking down into her honest '?esewas' rapidly forgetting the doubts and fears which had so tor mented himaduri·ig the past few months. There is no knowing what mlght have happened had it hot been for Dicky, who came up to them at this hopeful stage of affairs, his sboulders up to his ears,' his hair brushedto a nicety, and with the most unmistakable look of mischief in his prominent eyes. "Good evening, MIss Mariner," he said, 'taking Ethel's hand In his and squeezlng 'it with emnpressment; and then the two poor things, suddenly awakened from their dream, stood there chill and help less while Dictey- fired off his accus tomed volley of mind, and ventured on one or two little pop-guns on his own account. "Miss Mariner," he said at last. with a satisfied glance at Jack's sullen face, "'have you been into the conservatory? They've put up a lot of pink lamps, and there's the most sumptuous tete-a-tete chair in there that you can imagine." Ethel looked op at Jack, who stood by, furious and sulky.. "He is only too glad to get rid of me. He hasn't the ordinary kindness to res cue me from this bore.' And Ihavebeen so horribly amiable to him," she thought in despair. "If she likes that'poplnjay, let her go with him! I'm sorry for her taste ,that's all," reflected Jack, and in another mi nute Ethel found herself actually seated In the tete-a-tete chair with Diclky, whose large eyes were.- rolling trium phantly in the light of the rose-colored lamps. - She did not succeed. In making'her es cape till it was time to go home.- Jack was nowhere to be seen; 'and she drove back in the chill gry ndmrning with-the heaviest heart she bad known for many days. - "Ethel," said her mother at breakfast the next morning, "did you have a plea sant time at the Warrington's?" "Oh, yes, mamma,? sild Ethel, drea rliy. She was pale and heavy-eyed. I think she had not slept .all night. "And who was the ?" went on Mrs Mariner. helping h felf to buttered tsna wittrcucer \- Ethel enumnerated " taloas people "Aid Dicky Carshalton." .she hastily conclud old, "and Jack Davenant:" The last name sllipped out with exag gerated carelesness,, and yet it was whirring about in the poor girl's head "and had been doing so for the last five or six hours, like an Imprisoned blue :bottle,In a glass., . "Jack-Jack.Jack J Davenant.". Was she never td.' ha;ve". another definite ithought ag?i? l..-: "By the bye,"said. Mrs Iarilner, as she rose from the :table, "will you send a note to Floi'ence Byrne? I want her to lunch here' to-morrow at half-past one-the Singletons are coming." 'Ethel moved to-the writing table, blushing faintly. She remembered that irs Byrne was Jack Davenant's cousin. "Half-pist one,.?recollect," cried her another as she rustled from the room. Ethel listlessly took up her pen, and pulled a sheet. of paper towards her. It was not stamped .with the address, but she failed. to notice this, and .began at once-- j :L ".My dear Mrs'Byrne." Then she stopped short, and the buzz ing in her brain went on worse than ever the note got written at last, all lint the signature, and then she wondered drea mily if she would sign herself "Yours very sincerely,"-.or "Yours affectioni "ately." "Ethel!" called her motlier, putting her head in at the door "I am going but Give me the note for Florence; I can take it to the:oflce." Guilty and;ashamed, Ethel seized her •en and swroteshastily; linut in a bold annd, "Youiri very sincerely, "'jACK DAVEImN;,'NT'," M?rs Byrne neither came to lunch nor anmsweed the Mariners' invitation. Mrs Marlner expied Surplrise at this nwant f?f courtesy, urnd apollgised to the Slnile -tons for having no one to meet them. S"Are you sureEthel, that yountold her Sthe'right day? Flbrence Is In town, I lknow, and it is so unlike her to be rlde." "I think It-was all right, mamma," 'Ethel replied' vaguely, and never.gave -inotheir thought to the matter, SOn the morning of-the next day, as she -was practising her singing lesson in the hsliand-slirouded drawlingroomn, tihe door wras'llung gpen to admit a Ienign and comely landy.who iadvanced smitling to wards her. - "Mrs Byrne," cried Ethel, in surprise, tirsing from the nunsic-stool. Mrs Byrne astablishdd herself coimfurt ably in a deeli arm-chair, themn beckorie:d to the "oung girl Bitth a well-gloved dfnger " 'Come -'ye here. Ethel." Ethel drew a stool to the other sie,. and sat ?lown; smiling, but mystified., Mrs BVrne .played a little wiLth the .clasp of •te;silver-mounted hand-hag which sh oarietld. and from which, liav ing at: last succeeded in openlaig It, .she .produced'a eamped envelope addressed :to herself,f; , "Do' you knew that hand-writing?" she bald, fifIi'fslhi15- it before Ethel's aston Ished eyes. . ,1"It is my ow7r; L.'rote to ask you to gunh,"rl P Or, Ethel answered simply; a-thile the .thontgl Clashed across her nlind that Mrs Byrne had probably gone mad._ 'Read. it, then," <rled the lady, with an air of 'suppressed amusement which lent koo6r. to the motion. Ethel unfolded, it tlickly, then sat mranstxied.ilke one who receives a sud 'len mnd fatal injury, for defore her hor -or-strlcltken eyes glared these wn'ords in her own ~handwriting, "nYour very sin cerely; "JACK DAVENANT." "Why, what does it mean?" she cried at last In'a hosse voice, for it seemed that; some flendlhl mngic lhad been at ,"That's whnt I Want to know," fi's iyrne answered more gently. "I received hsis note 'the day before y..terdty.There .bipS no address, and the handwrhtlny ?0?, certainly not Jack's. Nor i.moy' couJnn in the least likely to invitmeme to lunch jt his chambers. So I wrote to ..m ppcee, and told him to drop in tgi ittiller it.ie htid asything to saey to hie." IEthel hnd l'i"ian to? Ieit feet td was staligL ngwitha?l ittl??e frozien ~sntmld o her face;: but'at this poJint she 'roke1in "?a!d you shtw.'him-Mr D.sveilunt,t ie lrc Byrne:odeded; She (tiw not a person of ilelictto,percepttons,-;idd had come here bent on a little harmless amusenenit; blit for some reason the amusement was not forthcoming. Ethel clasped her cold hands together in a frenzy of despair; 'She' knew. that SJack was familiar with her'handw?iting; had he not made little criticisms, severe and tender, on the occasional notes of invitation which the hadladd~essesi- to him? "Jackl so.n:he knew nothing about the note, and hadn't the ghost of 'an idea what it meant." "Oh. -ack, Jack," cried Ethel's heart in lstrenthesis, "wltnt nim?t you think of me." ~1]Ire Tyrne went on-"Grace. Allison esine. tn later, and the mystery was cdearel uil. She recognised your hand Writing, and we coneluded that you had done it inn lit of absence of mind. Poor old JTack, how she slid chaff himl!' Ethel was struggling to recover lier presence of mind. "*How could I have made such a vi:-y stupid mistake?" site said, with a shbirt laugh. I suppose I was pursuing some rtirn of thought. I had met your cou sin at a party the night before-you 'knows' how it is:". Mrs TTyrne;tvas siry for the girl'sdte isees. - - "It is a mistake that anyone might have made, though you niist own that 't was rather funny. However, I can assure you this-it won't get any ftir ther. Jack is scarcely likely to tell, and Grace has sworn on her honor." Ethel laugihed again,meaninglessly. As ft'or as site was concerned, the world was welcome to know it now No deeper dis grace could befall her. "I wonder if he is shrieking with laughter, or merely sick with disgust," the poor girl thought. when'her obtuse and amiable visitor had at last departed. "Oh, how.I hate him, how I hate him!" which was hard on Jack, considering that his conduct in the matter had been irreproachable. Blut Ethel was in no mood for justice. It seemed to her that she had utterly be-. trayed and disgraced herself; that never again could she venture to show herself in a world where Florence Byrne, Grace Allison, and, above all, Jack .Davenant lived, moved, and had their bling. Sick with shame, hot and cold with anguish, poor Ethel sat cowering in the great drawingroom like at guilty thing. She astonished her family at dinner that evening by inquiriles as to the state of the female labor market in New Zealand.. Uncle Joe, a philanthroplc parson, who happened to be of the party, delighted to find his pretty niece taking an inte rest in so serious a subject, delivered a short lecture about it. - - Ethel sighed at hearing that there was so little demand for the work of edu cated women (save the mark!) in that distant colony, and began to turn her thoughts towards Waterloo Bridgeq "Ethel funks on being an old maid. She knows that positively any girl can lason a husband in New Zealand," her brother Bob remarked, in a challenging tone. Ethel bore it with uninteresting ineek ness;-perhaps she told herself, she was a husband-hunter after alll After.din ncr she pilt on her hat and stole out into the street. She had been Indoors all day, and could bear it no longer. The June evening was still as light as day, and simple- minded couples were holtering with frank affection in the park. She had not gone far when she saw a large, familiar figure bearing down in '?er di rectloti. "Oh, how I hate him--I hate him," she thought again, while her heart beat with maddening rapldity."If he has a spark of kindness in him he will pretend not to see me." But Jack, for it was lie, made no such pretence. On the contrary, lie not only raised his hat but came up to her with outstretched band.. She put her cold mngers?-m chanlcally into- hla:'?:audd 'canned his face; there wans'. ~either? mirth nor disgust iii it, and the thought flashed across her, chilling, while it re: lieved. her, that he attached little, Im portance to an incident to which 2she, knowing her secret; had deemed but one interpretation possible; And then, before she knew what had happeped, Jack was walking along by her :sde, pouring out a torrent of indignant reproaches as-to her desertion of him Ji' favor of! Dicky Carshalton, at the Warrlngton's party. "It is you," cried Ethel, with spirit, for the unexpected turn of affairs .'re stored her courage; "it is you, Mr Dave ilant, who were unkind to stand by and let old friends he victimised, without striking a blow in their behalf! .Pray what did you expect) me to do? Was I to have said, "Nd thank you, 'Ir Cars hlalton, I prefer to stay with :lr Dave nanut?" "And, If you had said that, would it have beer;true?" She changed her tone suddenly. ; "Dicky is such a bore .'I think 1 pre fer anyone's society to his." Jack stopped short in the path, sCiz. ing both heri hands, and looking" down at her with stern and passionate eyes. 'Ethel," said he in an odd volce,;-"t's no use pretending. You do think of me sometimes; I happen to'know it." She was looking up at him; but at this allusion the sweet face flushed and drop ped suddenly. "'thiel," Jack's deep voIce sounded stranger and stranger; was lie golig to laugh or cry? and why on earth did he speak so low-"Ethel, do you know' what signature I should like to see 'to your letters?"' This was too mu.ch "No, I don't!"-shel lifted her flushed face; the cruel tears shone and smarted in her eyes. "Can't you guess?" "No." The momentary deflance had died; a very meekl whisper came from the pale' lips. "Can't you guess? Then shall I tell you Ethlel? "Ethel Davenant"-that's what I 'should like to see atzthe bottom of all your letters. Shall I ever see it?" "Jack!" Further exlanation is needless. When next they met Mr Carshalton both Jack and EtheL were beyond.the reach of his manoeuivres.--"West Lotli'ln Courier." 