^i^— , ' ' .. ~~~~~mmmm . — — » fD f AMLET 'at Her Majesty's ; . ? ? Iw^ J kas proved a great finan IH cial 'success. It will be ^..ia-^B repeated till further no ^— ye=zzpzJ&£is- At the Criterion The atre to-night Mr. Charles Carttvright will resume a character in which he must be well remembered by Sydney -playgoers — ,— that of Mark Cross in Haddon Chambers's piay of' The Idler.' ' The Babes in the Wood ' will be withdrawn at the end of next week at the Melbourne Prin cess's, to make way for Messrs. Williamson and Masgrore's dramatic combination, which will reappear in ' A Boyal Divorce.' Mr. William Panll, the baritone of Mme. Albani's company, does not return to England \- with the party, having been engaged by Messrs, Williamson and Musgrove for twelve months to take part in performances of comic opera. Miss Fanny Wentworth, who appeared at the Palace Theatre last year under the auspices of Mr. Harry Kickards, has been very enccessful in Now Zealand with her monologue enter tainments. A more celebrated monologist, Fred. Maccabe, of 'Begone Duil Care' celebrity, is about to revisit Australia, having been recommended a long sea trip for the benefit of his health. The brough company opened at Shanghai on March 5. Colombo is tha last stage in its Eastern tour. That will be reached some time in: May. The marriage of Miss Maxine Elliott and Mi. . Nat Goodwin took place recently in America. As an illustration ot how the marriage laws vary in the United States, it may be mentioned that the divorce which the first — or was it the second ? — Mrs. Goodwin obtained from her spouse not long since in the State of New York carried with it a decree prohibiting Goodwin from marrying again while she was living. Hut the decree is held to-be legally operative in the State of New York alone. Helene Hartmann, a well-known Austrian actress belonging to the Court Theatre, Vienna, died, recently of heart disease. ?The manager of the Comedie-Franoaise (says a London contemporary) having constantly to find tault with the societaires for appearing elsewhere ' ' either as reciters or in sketches, the subject wac brought before the committee recently, arid on a sort of second reading of the bill it was decided that in future neither recitations nor readings of any sort would be tolerated on the part of any member of the establishment. The 6trange thing about the affair is that bo many complaints of the kind should be necessary, (or ignorance of the rules can ba pleaded by no one. Mr. Snazelle was recently, in conjunction wtth Mr. Lionel Brough, giving an entertainment at the Crystal Palace entitled ' Mixed Pickles.' At the Theatre Antoine, Paris, a version of ?'Little Lord Fauntleroy ' has been produced lately. Mrs. Hodgson Burnett's hero was pre Bented fcr the first time in Paris about four years ago at the Cotaedie Parieienne. Some discussion has taken place in a London paper as to when and where it was that the author ess' of 'Lady Audley's Secret' began her short career as an actress. An '? Old Playgoer,' writing on the subject, says: It was at Brighton that the pojjular novelist, Miss Mary Elizabeth Braddon, under the nom de theatre t of Miss Mary beyton, was a member of the late Mr. B-enry 3Syo Chart's stock company at the Theatre Royal, bhe was tuen -0 years of age, and made her -$Bbut when the fourth season under his control com menced, on Saturday evening, August 1, 1857, as the Fairy Pineapule in J. R. Plancne's burlesque, ' The Prince of Happy Land.' JUiss Cicely J^ott was Don Felix, Mr. Chart the Grana Duke, and Mr. Frank Havwell i'.rospero. Up to Christmas she imper sonated fif ty-ei^fit distinct characters within a space of five months. She was retained during 1858, and quitted the theatre at the end of tje session, in February, after enacting Indnstria in the 'opening' of 'Little Eed Biding flood.' Miss Braddon con tributed eome literary ' pot boilers ' to the poet's corner of the 'Brighton Herald.' Mis3 Braddon, when I knew her as Miss Seyton. had a wealth of black huir, and was very statuesque in figure and face. The latter indicated decided talent. Mrs. Patrick Campbell is said to have taken the hearts of the Berlin playgoere by her per formance of the heroine in 'The Second Mrs. Tanqueray.' With respect to English acting in the German capital, it may be mentioned that some y*ars ago the popular Londen comedian Mr. Charles Wyndham played at Berlin in a German version of an English comedy, and later on in one of 'David Garrick.' Gilbert and Sullivan's 'Mikado' was another English production in Berlin which met with eminent success. But when the late Charles Mathews once took a comedy company with him there the experiment was not \- eo fortunate. The Chinese Ambassador to London has pre Bumabiy, been added to tha numbers of Sir Henry Irving's ' admirers. He recently visited the Lyceum Theatre and saw Irving iu ' Waterloo ' and in 'The Bells.' The veteran comedian Toole recently completed his 68th year. His first London appearance was made in 1862 at the Surrey Theatre. A sensational event of a more exciting kind than any included in the regular programme of the evening's entertainment was witnessed not long since at Sanger's Circus, in England, one night after the performance had closed. Peculiar Rqonds from one of the cages attracted the atten \--£ion of the keeper. Bushing towards the cage he saw its inmates, two lions, fighting. He under took;. the dangerous task of parting the com batants* in which he did not succeed without con siderable difficulty. Bat one of the lions had received bis death wound. His jugular vein was bitten through. Mr. J.H. Stoddart, a veteran of the American stage, was recently about to ^follow the example Bet by many other actors and make an experiment in the field of variety, -He was to appear at Proctor's Pleasure Palace in 'One Touch of Nature.' Later in the season Mr. Stoddart was U^toplayin the dramatisation of Ian Maclaren's Ipiyjnder the Bonnie Briar Bush.' Mrs. Louise ^fj&bnidyke;' Boucicault (the 'American wife,' JskHo visited. Australia with the author of ' London j$||*surance':) will shortly make her debut in r'$6§priety at Proctor's Theatre. 'c'..'.\ 'Tie French Maid' ranks among the most ; successful productions of late years in the United 'States. The Polish actress Mme. Modjeska recently ' addressed an audience at the Empire Theatre, New York. Her subject was the drama. She. remarked that there were strange ideas current t ^as to the women of the stage, and a too common jp' ugtression th-at they had a different code of f morals and'manners from the rest of their sex. jt This she most strenuously denied. She reminded w '' her hearers that in the ancient world the thea trical art was considered great and exalted enough-to be under the special protection of two goddesses,*- .Melpomene and Thalia, and ' that in , tne early ages ot Christianity it gave martyrs to \- 'the -ause in the person of Saint Gemesius and -that * f other actors. Speaking of ihe prejudices:: ' which, iad long existed with respect to the stage on the'plart of narrow-minded persons and of the ^?'extent to wHeli/^hey. had. been overcome, she \- ^'njjged the^fecessity of a more complete victory ?in the«am'eo|rection. To accompliah it actors -, , themselyesijhould regard their profession more from its'amstic side and make it their constant :^BJm to-keep it^a^ near as 'possible t« an ideal f*:BtandaxdI ' This* was a tack in which actresses .Jehfjuld take the lead. And it was one in which ^Troinen who were not on the stage might be finvitedto co-operate with these who were. In her concluding observations she said: ' Ihopemy woros will not be misunderstood in a -* .iiarrow, exclusive eense. I belief that the s^aee, in % order to' be ,a factor an .civilisation and in modern ' 3j£8^caiiriot tie -treated on the plan of a kindergarten, &i-; fciittaittsfc ioaah. all the vital iriierests at. life, and ' leannot-evenf keep entirely aloof Irom the delicate ?' euiqecte .which, though' not pleasant to talk over in polite Boeiety, hate'- important social bearing; but Shere is a meastjre in everything, all depends on the r . ^atmenfcand %ere iff*:3iigher-4n8tinct of good taste Isasiad opj»bl»'id1fel whieh^Sng¥t to be decisive in this W^±-^- *&¥*:;???.? o-- ? - ^^^^^^fi- mBi^^^Bxt^ol- the century, in] 0^.^«^i^^?.^^jroia'--TW«ild:.ia,T« called it, I pSfl'-lv!': '*''?: -. records the -first, appearance in London of 'a comedian T named L Farren^.Jrom t3»el ?,TBn$Kn Theatre.' lThis,wasthe.**g.ibrated ' oidSarreh.' of the Londoot^stage in' -after years, the: grand father otMiss Nellie Farren-'^he first appear ancereferred to took place ere the century was yet out of its teens. Apropos of the reviva.1 of 'Hamlet' at Her Majesty's Theatre, and the new readings of Mr. Wilson Barrett, ari*an3cdote which an itapet sonator, rather famous in his day, of the Danish Prince used to tell, may be worth repeating here. The actor alluded to was the late Charles Kean. The leading man in the stock company of a pro vincial town where Kean happened-to be perform ing for a few nights confided to the ' star' his discovery that the famous passage in which Hamlet expresses doubts as to whether he has really seen his father's ghost, and which stands thus iu most of the editions, was not by any means as Shakspere wrote it: The spirit that I have seen May be the Devil ; and the Devil hath power ?» To assume a pleasing shape; jea, and perhaps Out of my weakness and my melancholy (ks he is very potent witii such spirits) Abuses me to damn me. I'll have grounds Mere relative than this : the play's the thing Wherewith I'll catch tbe conscienca of the kin?. The unrecognised Eoscius of the provinces assured Charles Kean that the sentences in this passage had been stupidly mixed and the real point de stroyed. The concluding couplet, he said, should be spoken thus : He abuses me too. Damn me, the play's the thing Wherewith I'll catch the conscience of the king. Rudolf Lorenz, a talented young violinist, left Sydney by the mail steamer Gera, accompanied by his mother, to continue his musical education at the Liege Conservatoire under the tuition of the celebrated violinist, Ovide Musin. In two years he developed from quite an elementary standard into a performer of a very advanced type, exhi biting great sympathy and purity of tone in his performances, and it is hoped that the work so well begun under Herr Wentzell's tuition will augur welUor the young aspirant's success. 