TH£ WESLEYAN CON FERENCE. The 25tb =Sdtftfh 'Australian Annual Con ference of the Australasian Wesloyan Metho aist Church waj commenped in the Pirie-street Wealeyan Church on Tuesday evening. In the afternoon a convention for the strengthening of spiritual life was held. The Rey. H. T. Burgess, president of the General Oon ferenoe, presided, and addresses were delivered by the Revs. C. H. Ingamells, W. T. Hiatt, and G. 'W. Kendrew. , , , In the evening the Conference assembled for business, In the unavoidable absence of the retiring president (Rev. J. Berry) through illness, the Rev. P. C. Thomas occupied the chair. There was a large attendance. RETIRING PRESIDENT'S ADDRESS. The Chairman having read the address of .the retiring president, The Rev. J. B. Stephenson moved— , That we express our deep sympathy with our re tiring president (the Bev. Joseph Berry) in his guttering, the regret we have for his absence, and the pleasure with which we have listened to the words he hat sent us in his address. The Rev. R. S. Oasely seconded the motion, which was carried enthusiastically. ELECTION OF PRESIDENT. The names of all ministers of 15 years' standing eligible for the presidency were read. The ballot then took place, and the first count resulted as under :— The Rev. W. A. Langs ford, 44 ; R. S. Casely, 30 ; G. H. Ingamells, The Rev. W. A. Langspord. 9 ; J. Leggoe, 7 ; L Rooney, 4 ; J. Trevorrow, 4 ; W. B. Mather, 3 ; J. Cowperthwaite, 3 ; T. Roberts, 1 ; J. D. Langsford, 1 ; W. H. Rofe, 1 ; W. H. Hanton, 1 ; informal, 1. As the election had to be by absolute majority of the vote3 cast a second ballot was taken with the following result : — Rev. R. S. Ca9ely, 36 ; Rev. W. A. Langsford, 71. The Rev. Mr. Langsford was then declared duly elected amid applause. The Chairman welcomed the president to the chair, and placed in bis hands the seal of office — the Conference Bible. The President (Rev. W. A. Langsford) said he took the office with fear and trembling, re membering as he did the great and good men who had filled the position before him. Re membering his predecessor's many qualifica tions for the office it was no wonder that he was to some extent concerned that he had to follow him. His life from youth was known to nearly all the fathers and brethren of this Conference. His father, grandfather, and great-grandfather were members of the Wesleyan Methodist Church, and it was not surprising that he had a strong feeling and per sonal attachment to the Wesleyan Methodist Church. He wa3 the first candidate for the ministry received by the South Australian Conference, and therefore the first of the can didates so received to come to the presidential office. He felt no personal worthiness or fit ness for the position. He had the consola tion of knowing that the same God who had helped his predecessors would not fail him in the hour of need. In conclusion he asked for their prayers, and hoped that the year they were entering would be a bright and happy one. (Cheers. ) ELECTION OJ? OTHER OFFICERS. The Rev. C. H. Ingamells was appointed secretary, the Rev. R. Kelly was elected as letter- writer to the Conference, and the Rev. W. H. Hanton as Conference treasurer. The choice of assistant-secretaries fell upon the Revs. T. E. Thomas and T. O. James, of Kooringa. Second Day. The 25th annual South Australian Wesleyan Methodist Conference resumed its sittings on Wednesday morning in the Pirie-street Wes leyan Church. The president (the Rev. W. A. Langsford) presided over a large attendance of delegates. The Conference dealt with the division and renaming of districts. The Broken Hill and Silverton circuit was altered to Broken Hill circuit. The home mission stations at Gin-Gin and Mount Magnet in the West Aus tralian district were constituted circuits, and Rothesay, Malcolm, Wagerup, Lawler's Peak Hill, Bridgetown, Vasse, and Northampton were made home mission stations. THE WEST AUSTRALIAN DISTRICT. A spirited discussion arose out of the pro posal to divide the West Australian district into three. The Rev. G. E. Rowe, the chairman of the West Australian division, stated that the local Synod had decided that the colony should be divided into three districts in 1893 pro vided that the General Conferenceallowed West Australia to have a local Conference in 1899, but the General Conference had fixed the meeting of the West Australian Conference for 1900. That being the case the West Aus tralians did not want the provision until the Conference met. The Rev., J. B. Stephenson moved, and the Rev. D. S. Wylib seconded — That West Australia be divided into three districts. An animated debate took place upon the -motion, the West Australian delegates plead ing that their Synod knew what was best for their colony. It was pointed out by them that it would be absurd to divide the West Australian district into three, be cause there would be three ohairmen who would have to attend the Conference, besides other representatives of the subdivisions. A subdivision of the district should not be forced upon the West Australian Synod, and the delegates from that body y;ere 'strongly opposed to the resolu tion beoause in a colony so scattered it Was absolutely necessary to have some central authority. - In South Australia the : colony was divided into five, but there was a '-.-? president with central authority, whereas in West Australia until 1900 there would be : no president, and . the three chair- - men, tof distriots would be on an \- equality. After discussibg the motion for tw6 hours pie Bev. J. B. Stephenson, in reply, said thsJRev. G. E. Rowe had statedtbat his i '. .motion; ; was .' in ; .opposition to ' the West Aus tr^ftnVdJBtript and the result of action! taken fiisewhgfe ^-CjRQJB^Jbeuik submitted ; to,. £b* yptei,ihe; motion was declared negatively 29 votes to BO, amid demonstrative applause. The Conference then adjourned for lun cheon. - ??-???''. ' .-' THE WOBfc &F; GOD. ' ' . ; An interesting disoussion took place upon the work of God in the districts under the Conference. The Rev. G. E. Rowe spoke of the work in Perth, West Australia, wherevery profitable revival -services bad -beed held and; many converts gathered in to the church. He re ferred especially to the Chinese missions which had been 'conducted. The results of their labors in West Australia would be greater if there was a settled population, but a large ~ number of people went to the colony looking for employment, and even if .converted did not jolnjihe church as members until they became settled. Mr. John Mitchell thought :the work of God would be more successful if more laymen could be induced to take an interest in the church work. Unfortunately, in ? many in stances, members occupied -positions in the ohuroh, not so much because of their ability, or their grace, but because of their social positions. Their time was probably so taken up by business matters and otber things that they had very little time, or in some cases very little inclination either to take a real and earnest interest in the church work. If men of that sort continued in office their presence could only be a source of weakness. If the ministers of the circuit would put men into positions in the church, not because of their social positions but because of their whole heartedness ii the work, the church would succeed. If the ministers and laymen Would do their part it would promote the work of God throughout the connexion during the coming year. After further discussion the Rev. J. Cowper thwaite moved— That this Conference expresses its gratitude to Almighty God (Or the eplritual success yvhioh has attended the operations of the church during the past year, and rejoices to hear of gracious visitations vouchsafed to several circuits in South Australia and West Australia. We grieve, however, that these successes hare not been extensive, and pledge ourselves to secure a general revival of the work of God. Mr. C. W. Priest seconded the motion. The Rev. C. Lane thought that if all the members of the church Were given responsi bilities their work would be Attended with more success. Mr. Moses Champers thought they had too much of the external about their religion, and too little of the internal. He believed the devil laughed at much of their experimental religion, which did no good in promoting the church work. They wanted more of the spirit of God, and then the young 'people would come back to the church and it would prosper. Many of their religious meetings he called 'religious farces.' The Rev. A. Stubbs defended the Bible class. The Rev. R. S. Casely spoke approvingly of the Christian Endeavor movement. The members instead of wasting their Sunday afternoons in gaiety and pleasure, went to the Home for Incurables, the hospital, and {he Destitute Asylums and ministered to the wants of the afflicted, and he pleaded with the delegates not to place the slightest obstacle in the wav of the Endeavorers. The Rev. J. Blaceett said they might have their Christian Endeavor societies, their class meetings, 'prayer meetings, and all that, but unless they had a baptism of the Holy Ghost everything would be as sounding brass and tinkling oymbals, Mr. W. Guken dealt with the young people's labors in connection with the church. The President, in closing the debate, ex pressed thankfulness at the interesting nature of the discussion. The motion was carried unanimously. The Conference then adjourned. 