BABYLON ' THE GREAT. i Br cantaii. LKTTKR NF.IL Tlio last point'' ivisli : to bring undoi' yoar notice, my frioiul, is l/io ditto, a.d. >100, wlion tlio cliango of tho Gospel of Christ iutodho' Gospel of; 'Romo-prao.- ticniiy and legally .took place. . A groat'many councils'ot tlio Uhilrch wore., held. .to. put ' 'down Ananism, Nbstorin'nism, and- other soots which continued to uphold tenets of faitii whiOli'Avdfo in opposition' to thoso being sot ap by tlio Church of-tlio West, and consequently heretical to tlio Orthodox national religion of Roino. ' In tlio year <131, however, a groat gonoral (?) conn- oil was hold at Epiicsas, which decreed tho trno godhead of Christ, and His potTccl equality with ,tho Father : for Mary was tho Mother of — God. . At tlio sumo time this council .uphold and oonlii'inod tlio decrees of .oil. fornior. odiiii'oils ivhich condomned'tho so-oaliod heretical soots. Now curiously enough (?) this look plnco oxnotly -100 yonrs ultoi' tho crucifixion ol Christ 1 (Aro wo To suppose tliis was ncoideutnl ?) ! Til , sdripturnl hingungo , Christ, whs crucified afresh, — in tlio Spirit (Hob. vt G) oxnetly 400 years after lie wns craoifiod in the Jlcsh. This was that prophetical period of 400 years' "fore shown to Abraham daring which '' his seed " woiild po persecuted in n strange land (Europe, as distinct from. Asia Miner in which tho seven churches ol Christ wore established) ; for " the seed of Abraham is Christ " and his disciples (Galal in 10), As the "chil dren of the promise arc counted for tlio sood," and t ho jnirposo of God iicpord- ing to election (or calliny ) might stand (Eoin. ix 8 11). So tho goulilcs of the Roman World were "olectcd" or "'.called " to become "an holy ualioni and. a ieculiarpeopio" nnlo tho Lord. 'ttVicy also becuino itio 'chlltlroii ' o/ tho promiso, or cliildrcu of Israel by adop tion. (1 Peter ii !). Ephcs ii 12. . I Curia, l 24). As I havo boforo told yoa, tlio Children of Israel in the flesh wore only about 213 yoars in Syypl, and daring the greater part of that timo wore living in peace and comfort in tho land of Goslion, in fact, wcru in u sense, lords of tho land next under I'lairuoli. Tlio 40C years of tribulation llieroloro could not havo referred to thorn, mid wise men in thu Church who do not understand tho prophecies,. have there fore ullirmct! that this prophecy was not fulfilled. That this period of 400 years diil not rel'or to Joseph and his brethren is still more evident when wu find that it was ayain fiorcshewn by both Daniel and EsdruB.limy after the Exodus.- Tho luttor suys, " For my sou, Jesus, shall ho rovealcd with them that bo with Him, and limy that remain (i.e. after Jesus, or tho Crucifixion) shall rejoico within .(during) 400 years, (ami) after these years shall my son, Jesus, die, and all men that have spiritual life," This refers to the per secutions and later spiritual dentil, or rejection, of Christ, 403 years after Ho had been revealed in thojlesh. "And tlio world shall be turned into tho old silence," i.e. iorsaken by God ami by iho " Spirit of Faith (lulsuly oulled by lliu Church the Holy Ghost) which spake through the prophets. . . , so that no man shuidd remain." This we can recogniso as hoing ful filled when tlio people abjured ilioir faith to avoid persecution, but Word for given by the Church, and re-udmilted into tho Orthodox National Church of Rome, — Babylon j— so that "no man romiiinc-d " who kopt "tho command ments of God, and tho testimony of Jesus Christ (Hack, xiii 22). The "Holy Spirit" also, which conferred tho power of working miracles, was ovidontly taken away Iroui among men as foretold hy tho prophets (2 Times. u 7, Rev. xi i G)'. 'Tills Holy Spirit (Ghost !), otherwise called the "Cotn- fortor,"— tho "Spirit of Truth," (John xiv, 1G-7, xv 20) proeoodeil from Cod — i.o. tho Father alono, lint, throuyh Christ, and also Ihrontjk Jlis disciples (Aots vi it 18), and was identical with the "golden oil", of the molnphorioiil Inngangu of Zcohariah. Tlio Truth; or "Spirit of Truth" (aceordihg'to the llobruw Script ares), proceeds Iroin (or with) the word of Cod — "iimuilest. to ns.umlor the form of tho Old and Nuw Testament, — tho Law and tlio Gospel, — comprised in tlm Bible. Thoso two are thu "Two Wiluessus" of Coil un earth,' (also typiliod under the form of "blood," tlio Law, and "water," tlm Gospel I John v G) and are also united "(ho two nnointod otms" (Zecli. v .14) or tlio "two PropliotB" (Rev. xt 3. TO) Moses, iho Jjiiw ; Christ i ho Gospel. These again are "tho Iwo Olivb Trees and tlm Two Oumllustioks" (ltov. xt '4, Zuolt. iv 3.12( which ppur . out! the golden oil of : tho Truth, Ihrough iwo 'gulden pipes, tlm Old ' and 'Now Testament. Thoso two witnesses, wo uro told' woro prophooy olothud ill snckololh' for 1200 yours. This propheoy wns fulfilled when Rome hid ' the Bible "utidor n brabol" and forbid " bpili" tlio rniidiiig' and pfivnto intbr- protn.tioit .of it. 'I'lm jieriod ;o.f ,1200 years wns 'ohdod' ' Willi" tlib' great Protestant Reformation of, tho-. 16th, century, when under Protestant laws,, copies ol tlm Bible 'woro issuod to tlio pooplo in n lnrigiiago tlmy cbald road and understand. Tlio temporal power of tlm Popo was foretold to last 1200 yenrs.'and this was fulfilled, as it 'wns first conferred on Bonifaco III in A.s. 007 by I bo Emperor Phocns, and 1200 years after ill' 18G7,' Garihaldi'Tinnlly defen tod Tbo Pon t i fical troops1 (|tcM'on to ' Rbttindo, and, tlio Popo lost theylust remnants of his tomporiil possessions aiiil power.,,. , So also , tlio uniyorsab spirilmil power of tlio Popo .was to last 1200 years, and this also was fulfilled. It began in a.j). 347, -when tlio bishops of tho West (Homo) first,; set up their own council at Sardica (in opposition tojtholbi'sliops ,oi Tho East) and!gav'o an; nppollatu jurisdiction to the Metro politan Bishop at Ronio. Those' 12G0 years terminated in a".'di 1G07, "wlibu Xing James issued the first autboi'ised odilion of . tlm 'Bible' in1 Tlio 'vulgar tongue. y " A'.D. 431 llioii wo iniiy look upon as the dnte wbon tlio. Prince thntdwas to coino after, Christ, and sot up another, Gospel (ii Cbrin. xi 4), nnd Um. Spifjf1 of; Truth, tlio Comforter .was '. taken uwiiy.'. After this Comforter was taken away, however, we aro told . the "wicked" or.o would be rcvenlod (ii Thess. ii 3.7.8), and tliis was fulfilloil 20 years lalor wlien tlm "divinely inspired" General Council ;of Clinlcedoti decreed that the Bishop, of, Uomo was tlm Siipi'omo lload of Christ's Church on earth. To be concluded next week), \ " 