WOODEND. CFEOM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Friday. The many friends of Mr and Mrs J. F, O'Brien will be sorry to hear of the death oi their eldest daughter, Ursula, aged tlireevear; and 11 months, which occurred at her grand, parents' residence in Melbourne. The remains were brought to Woodend on Thuriiay afternoon and interred in the local cemetcrr, the funeral being well attended. The bnri'.l service was conducted by the Rev. Father Quinn. On Wednesday next, about 4 o'clock, the usual run of the Woodend Hunt Ckt'o wiil take place from a point about tu'o ! -. the Lancefield side of Xewhara. and Sn-lsh out of Morris's paddock, Braemar road. On Thursday two uiaguificent =pee:mcn= of Indian white rhodolendron Ar_-en;ea were shown me by Mr J. A. Donald." Th-.-y had been raised at Mr Uy.rfs g.irl.n. ;u the Mount. Mr Donald sent one of ih.'-n to Kyneton. Tbe quarterly meeting of the L>:al branch of the A.X.A. 'was held on Tuesday night. Mr Morgan (president) presided. Mr F. G. Wright K-as elected a member and congnitulated by the president ami Dr Carty Salmon, M.LA., President of the Board of Directors, who was present. Accounts to the amount of £o 3s 7d were passe i for payment. Tbe quarterly receipts were reported to be £10 9s. After the ordinary business had closed, Dr Salmon delivered an address, mainly on the work done by the association in the past in the cause of federation, and what they intended to do in the same direction in the future. He was very severe on Premier Reid, of New South Wales, for having balked federation. On the motion o£ the president an acclamatory vote of thanks was passed to Dr Salmon for his instructive and interesting address. An adjournment was then made to tbe Commercial Hotel, where a number of toasts were proposed, including the health of Dr Salmon, who acknowledged the compliment and proposed "The Woodend Branch," coupled with the name of the president. The toast was drnnŁ with enthusiasm, and Mr Morgan made a suitable response. During the proceeding* songs and recitatious were given, which heightened the enjoyment. On Thursday evening a footrace, 100 yards, took place on the main ruad between the railway station and Thorburu's hotel between a railway employe and a building contractor. The stake was £1 a-side. The railway employe, who outpaced his competitor from the start, won easily. łt is asserted th3t a Newham resident, while basking in the sun, had a novel experience. A hare, which was being chased by a dog, ran against him and broke its neck. Probably an accident of the kind has never occurred in the district before. The fishing industry at Port Albert is not so good as it used to be. On Thursday 53 acres of land were sold in Ballan at £7.10s per acre. Pr Moore, Bishop of Ballarat, who is in the Hotne CTuntry at present with Archbishop Carr, is expected to return next month. Eugene Johnson, who was arrested while disgoised-iu woman's clothes when searching for the Bendigo ghost, was discharged on putting 10s Into the poor box. A fortnight ago a hut occupied by John •Clarke, Benalla, was robbed. Articles oor- . responding to those stolen have been found at the residence of I. Smith, a district fanner. Fłoedjke 1 — Fon THE Tseth B«b»tu- —A Jew drops of the liquid "llonune .sprinkled on a wet tooth-brush produces » fiSaasuit lather, whieh thoroughly cleanse tne ittrth from all parasites or impuriti«s, Haroen» the" gums, prevents tartar, stops P™? o tie t£t£ a peculiar pearly- whiteness wd a delightful fragrance to tte breath. " removes all unpleasant odour ansingaon oocayedteeth or tobacoo smoke. "The fragrant Floriline," bera*- composed in HcnoyVd Sreet herbs, is dehaons to tte taste,and Die. greatest toflst duBOveryoftbe ageV; Price 2a 6d, of aU Chffinists and Fertoieti whoSle aepot, 33 Faraugdoa Roitd, London; -EnglaDi. 