A FIREMAN'S STORY, f Of the hard fight which' the stokers had to keep the fires going, and of the wreck generally, an interesting description, was given by John Kerr, one of the firemen. His story, is pernaps oest toia in 111s own wuiub. '.'I was called on deck shortly after we had cleared the Heads to go down the hold and lend a hand to right the ship,- which had taken a heavy list to port. We were all called out of the forecastle, and had to go down the hold to assist in shifting the. cargo. Just before we were called out the vessel had shipped a sea, which, had smashed the whole of. the cabins fore and abaft the star- beard' sponson. Immediately after that she started to make water down the stokehold, and the fires were getting.put out. All hands, sc-.cond and third engineers, had to turn to then to keep the fires in. Those of us who were not below were on deck HELPING TO JETTISON THE OARGO from, the 'tween docks. Fruit, kerosene oil, agricultural implements, and I don't know what, went overboard to lighten the ship. The sea— well, sir, I can't describe it. You can say It was terrific, but the word's hard- ry strong enough. As for the wind— whew! didn't it blow! You couldn't hear yourselves talking, and. there was no standing up to it. With the. seas rolling on board fore and aft, THE PUMPS WERE. KEPT GOING. At about 1 o'clock tlie captain decided to return to port. He saw there was no chance of her weathering the storm, so he put about and made for Sydney right in the teeth of the gale. But we soon found that we could not get enough steam up to keep her going agaist the wind and sea. We struggled on, however, until about lialf-past 5, when the steam gave, out and the engines ceased to work. At this time there was about 6ft. of water In the stokehold, and the roll of the ship was washing the men off their fqet. Several of them came up all bruised from the knocking about they got. Well; we saw we could do nothing more, and as we were drifting, on a lee shore all hands prepared themselves for the worst. At 6 o'clock the ship struck the rocks with A TERRIBLE CRASH. She was Immediately overwhelmed with huge seas,, which came thundering on board, shak ing her up terribly. The order came, "Clear away the boats!" but it was found that the beats hadn't a ghost of a chance of living In such a sea. The situation, I tell you, had become desperate. Almost immediately after the, ship struck she parted amidships, and the fore part went down, while the af ter part swung round on to the rocks. Luckily most of us were on the after part when, the- ship went in halves, . and the one or two who were on the fore part immedia tely jumped into the sea and made for the tjhore. A.few of 'those on the after part, In cluding mfeelf, also jumped overboard, and struck out 4m". the ,sho,re. I was- battling about, in the ' water;ror over half an hour till at last I found myself being ' . - DRAGGED HELPLESS ON TO THE ! . BEACH by two of my mates wlio had got there before me; I was half unconscious for some time, and when: I came to I saw that the after part of the ship liajJ been .lifted bodily on to the rooks; After severalBat tempts, during which three men lost their lives, we succeed ed in getting a line ashore from tho after part of the wreck sieveral passengers and some of the crew then managed to pull them selves ashore through tho surf. One or two were : drowned In this way. the stewardess being among tho number. The line once got fcul'ed, and' tlie second cook was drowned in trying to clear It. By dark on Friday night everybody had got ashore, with the exception of the captain and four of the crew and A CHILD, ' about 14 months old. They? had kept the lit tle one on board because It was not safe to risk sending it through the heavy surf. When darkness came wo could do no more, and so we set about trying to make ourselves comfortable for tlie night in an old-baric hut near the beach. No one had any matches, and of course we were unable to have a fire.. The night, I can toll you, was a long and dreary one, and we were not sorry when day light broke. Early ln the morning: some pec pie arrived from tlie Hawkcsbury, and lent us a hand to get the captain and the ol hers off tho wreck." Kerr then described the lonff and weary journey the survivors had to Brisbane Water, and the hospitality with which they were received at that place. 