: A LIFE SENTENCE. - _ — -rft. ? _? '..?? (Prom Nesbit and Barron's 'Butler in Bohemia.') They had come oat together on the lawn from tbe room that was too small to hold two men and their anger. Mildenhall's sudden rage had kept him 88 yet from realising the full meaning of the torn letter which had fallen from the laoe at his wife's bosom as she left the dinner-table three minutes before. She had swept away, trailing her own silks after her, unsconscious. Every fresh 'thought flashed his face anew, and 'bis fingers convulsively crumpled or rolled the scraps of paper that he clang to with both hands. ' Oh, you scoundrel 1 Oh, you d ? 1 scoundrel 1' The ba'f light from. the drawn blinds fell on the letter — the foolish letter, in KiDgs : mark's handwriting — and fell, too, on Kingsmark's white hardened face, that seemed to peer with a piteous curiosity at what so little time ago was the face of his friend. His friend, his dear old friend, who. he had so basely betrayed — and that not for love's sake, but ia the climax of a series of weak concessions to the foolish passion of his friend's wife. The broken voice went on, sounding wearily, like tbe voice of one who has spoken a long time. ? .?-,?? ''.And- if anyone had told me, Jack — only five minutes back— —before I— — that you— — Ob, you d — d scoundrel!' At the fresh blaze of wrath, Kingamark pat up his arm instinctively. *,Keep off,' he said, speaking for the first time. 'The action put a new thought into Mildenhall's madness. With a scream like an animal in pain, the big- yellow-bearded man threw himself upon Kingsmark, and hurled him to the ground. As they rolled over together, Kingsmack felt hands at his throat. His eyes swam in his head — the clutch released for an instant, and before it tightened again, his fingers found what they sought in his breast-pocket. Mildenhall was kneeling on him and laughing hysterically; speech was impos sible to Kingsmark— he tried it ; then for* getting everything but that life and senses were leaving him, he struck upward with all his ebbing force. A tremor ran through the fingers at his throat, and their clasp was loosened. He struggled to hia knees. Evelyn Mildeuhall seemed to be sitting against the tulip bank, with his head thrown back and his beard pointing up ward, just as it used to do when he let off his great peal of laughter at some jest of his friend's. ''Evelyn!' '''No answer. Then the blood rushed to the forehead of the man who realised now what he had done. He stepped back into the house and threw on his hat and Inverness. When he returned he leaned over Mildenhall and stroked his hair with his hand. The man was dead, bub the man who had killed him could not think of that now. All his senses were strangely alive to trifles. Through the open window he could see the diningroom as they had left it — the ohairs thrust back, the cigar-box open on tho table, the wine still in the glasses. Oae of the two who had sat there was dead — the one who was alive hardly knew which. The turf was wet. Had a shower fallen ? At dinner she had complained of the heat, and languidly predicted run. Mildenhall's head, lying back like that', must be orush x ing ono of the tulips. Naturally an un observant man, Kingsmark noticed for the first tima that tulip-caps shut at night. Something was shining at Mildenhall's breast. The silver figure of a oontadino hafting the stiletto that slew him. Why was there not more blood ? Kingsmark had bought that stiletto and the silver can dlesticks now on the table within, the day the two came away from Pisa, at the end of that long holiday in the sun. He could leave it there safely. No man had looked on it since but he and the dead men who now had it in his heart. He took his eyes from the hilt, shut them, and turned away bin head. When he opened them again he stooped to pick up something white fjom the turf — a torn letter — on whose turned-up corner he read 'Darling Hetty.' Thrusting this into his waistcoat poc ket, he went down the avenue with head bent, his booto crunching the moist gravel on the path, now lit up and spangled by the mooulight. His old friend ? Long ego they had sworn that the and who died first should return to meet t»nd greet the other on his way. Kingsmark wished that this could be, for then hiu last memory of his friend would be a reproaoh ful face— better memory than the white throat thrown back in the moonlight. ? He shuddered and reached out his hands; as he walked, as one does struggling to break a nightmare. Some one wps speaking. He had walked into the little lane of lighc cast by a policeman's lantern. 'Good-night,' he answered in his dream. ' Looks like more rain, sir.' ' I fear so,' said Kingsmurk, and hur ried on to escape the coming shower. His old friend ! He almost felt the ac customed arm thrown across his shoulder. No thought of flight ; he was tired, and to-morrow showed dimly at the end of the long sleep awaiting him. MildeDhall bad always walked this road with him, and now Mildenhall was dead. Kingsmark wished he was dead, too— -but perhaps that was only part of the craving for sleep which oppressed him. But it was his first defi nite thought since Mildenhall, cigar in mouth, had picked the torn letter from the floor under the empty chair at the table head. Another policeman was standing at bis gate when Kingsmark fitted his latchkey to to the look. Kingsmark wondered at the strange voice with which? he gave good night to this man. When he had lighted a a candle in his bedroom, be leaned his hands on the dressing-table and looked long and curi ously at the white face that stared at him out of the mirror's dark depths. It was interesting to see the face of a man who had . . . He threw himself on the bed at the last pitch of exhaustion. Knock — knock — knock ! What wa3 it — was it someone making a coffin] Ham mer — hammer — hammer ! No ; it was someone at the front door, and a bell was ringing loudly in the empty kitchen. Kingsmark instinctively tore off his coat and put on a dressing-gown before he went down. As he shot back the heavy bolts of the front door he was conscious of a light through the ground glass, and of voices without. ' Well, what's up ?' he was surprised to hear himself say as he saw two policemen standing on the doorstep. The - night smelt sweet of wet earth and leaves. ' Mr. Mildenhall, sir — he's dead, sir murdered !' ' Good God !' Kingsmark leaned against the door-post, fighting for breath to say '« I killed him.' .*'.'. ' Yes, sir, in his front garden — a knife in his heart, sir,' put in the other police man. Kingsmark rubbed his hand across his eyes aad looked at it as if he expected to see something on it. « ' 1 was asleep,' he said. ' You see,' went on the policeman, npologetically, ' we came to you through you being so well known to be his best friend — and having been seen with him last of all.' ' What !' said Kingsmark. - ' Why, sir, sure you're heavy with sleep, or you'd remember meeting us as usual, and us giving you good-night, sir — don't you recollect ?' ' You saw me walking with Mr. Mliden hall to-night 1' 'Yes, sir, of course I did. Come, sir, rouse yourself.' Kingsmark held his two hands over his head and said — ' Tell me again.' ' Again and again,' answered the man, with some temper. ' I saw him and you as usual, and I saw him leave you at your door ; and I saw him go back home, and I said good-uight, but ho never answered. And theu wo saw the light and the window open, and went in and found the poor gentleman stone dead on bis own lawn with his head among the tulips.' Kingsmark's hands tightened their clasp. The dead man had kept hia promise then, and had walked with him that night. A ghost had paced by bis side — a ghost's arm had lain on his shoulder — a ghost had come back — the murdered man had saved the murderer. How curious I Kingsmurk burst out laughing, and fell ab Iho policeman'? feet. They roused him — or what was left of him. The best part of him lay on the L\wn among tho tulips. A Btupid seDse of clinging to lifo with both bands possessed him. Mildenhall had Raved hia life ; he dared not throw it away. He was condemned to live. He wont through an inquest — or dreamed he did — answering questions mechanically, wiih a growing wonder to find his . answers be lieved. What fools people were ! And he the greatest fool of all. His old friend ! Kingsmark thinks he went mad a little after this. They called it brain fever. When he gob better he tried to tell himself Mildenhall was not dead — had gone to a far oouutry. But even that last rag— the one thing that let any meaning remain to life— was torn from him, for Mildenhall's widow came to see him. ? ' My darling,' she cried, throwing her arms round him, 'how terrible all this has been, but I am all your own now.' He did. not answer, but she felt the re pulsion of denial in the contact of .him. The common place, pretty face, framed in a yellow hair and widow's bonnet, dar kened. Then she spoke, reasonably, softly, with the little lisp Mildenhall had loved to hear. ' 'Jack, dear, of course it's very shocking and all that. But really it ought to bring us together. Why should it part ub 1' He drew himself up, aijd laid his dry lips against her red mouth. This, too, was part of the life sentence. ' Why, indeed ?' he said, with a shiver. And sat with his head bowed in the shadow of the night coming. 