NOTES OF THE DAY. "I must Invf 1 ilmrfy Withal, as lurce a charier as tin: wind, To blow on whom I pli-ase." AS YOIJ MKB IT. Wars and rumors of wars continue lo airtight tho world. Hut there will bo no groat war at present. There is no more danger of two great Powers going to war Just now than there is ot two groat letter-writing pugilists peeling off for u tun- Huiuu-up ngnt to a unisn. The time was when all that a nation required to rush 11 Into battle was the necessary umutinL of courage and a small amount of a real or an Imaginary griev ance. Bnt, as Moliere's quack doctor would say, "We have altered that!" To-day war lias been simplified Into a matter of spot cash. Hea ven used to fight on the side that held the heaviest artillery. Now the gods lend their aid to the nation that holds the biggest, hanking ac count. Money talks louder than the roar of a thousand guns. The fact that Great. Britain lias carefully euchred her rivals by purchasing nil tho Wolsli coal available In Chlucso and Japan- oso waters proves tho potent power ot gold to day, and suggests some novel possibilities 111 tho sanguinary science of war as well. Tho nation that holds a "corner" in coals Is manifestly mis tress of tho seas. And the nation that holds a "corner" In food supplies is undoubtedly lord of tho laud. Tho mysterious Air. Zuuroff may havo been working on this notion when he cabled that largo order for "salt horse" which filled Minister Smith with what Davlo Buchanan used to call "a soorprlso that bor-r-Uorod upon con-stur-naslmn." "Corners" migliL also be es tablished In war materials, and in clothing for tho army; in fact, us I jo common or cannon- fodder Variety of warrior seldom knows what he Is fighting for, a "corner" In soldiers might bo rigged up, and then the lucky land that rigged It could certainly boss (he world. A" deal of hifaHUin talk lias been heard of late about the Immense improvements tliut have been ffiado In Britain's battleships and gunnery, but I dou't place any more reliance on that than I do ou tho tips of our turf or weather prophets. 'As the patent medicine men observo lu their truthful ads.: "Tho peoplo want proof," and until we are shown practical proof of what tho Leviathans can do it will he wise to continue to put our trust lu Pruvldenee, and keep ourselves well posted as regards the time tho next train leaves for Bourke. There Is a highly significant story told of an Inquisitive landlubber who balled up a more than usually truthful British tar, aud said, "From what you have observed or learned of the new naval engagements of late years what, In your opinion, Is tho chief difference between modern battleships and the old kind; I mean when It comes to a matter ot actual fighting?" "Well," replied tho ancient uiarluer, "1 dumio what the scientific chaps think ot It, hut, so far as I can judge, the only real difference Is this — the old style o' mau-o'war when It was hit went down kerswlslb.aud the now style goes down kerswosh!" Apparently the average modern man-of-war is only fit to he let out at the end- of a strlug and pulled in again, like a penny kite, and It many more new-fangled Improvements In naval matters are made tho only way to settle tho supremacy of the seas will be to hand out n cork belt and a club to each member of the rival navies, and then let them jump overboard and pound each other to death in the water. Someone has spitefully said that the New Wo man is merely an old pill with a now coating— also trousering — which man Is expected to swal low. She Is certainly very ancient, for Isaiah com plained, some 2500 years ago, that the women of his time wore kicking over the traces and climb ing up on the box-seat, and trying to drive tho State coach after .their own particular fashion. In Ancient Greece the New Woman trouble was con stantly popping up If ko n cork in a gutter, and some very learned lunatics lectured ou the desir ability ot abolishing the sex altogether, and run ning the world's lleetlng show with men only. Aristophanes ridiculed the New Woman's cause by showing women on the stage dresBod as men transacting the business of tho Stute, and decid ing upon having all things in common— even hus bands. Everything boomed along beautifully until six leading ladies desired the society of the same handsome man at the same picnic ttine, and then. Biff! Bang! Bung! and the ulr was filled Willi skin and hair and "buns" and buttons. To day we find the New Woman on the warpath here, marching straight' to the Senate, and the only way to prevent h'er'frotn getting there Is to give her full permission to outer; In fact, appear as though we would' force the franchise on her, and alt her aspiring sisters. /The moment that is done the pure, cussedness of woman's nature will come to the. Surface, and she will resolutely refuse to have anything to do with politics at all. 'It Is pe culiar to the sex that Its members are always wanting what they can't get — and I fear quite a number, of them often get what tjiey don't want. Seriously, speaking, I do not see that the average woman should not have a vote If she wants one. There Is nothing very preposterous In the demand ot a respectable, intelligent woman for tho fran chise. Every foul-mouthed,- loafing larrikin, every gaolbird hot "doing time," enjoys the right to vote, aud theinost pure-minded and intelligent of our women folk have to stand aside at electlou times and make foonf for scum llko these to praueo' to' the poll and say how the country Bhould ho governed. Could the force of folly or of criminal Injustice farther go? A country that lowers tho status, of Its women lowers and ma terially weakens itself.' A nation, no matter how great. Is but a collection of homes. Homos are ruled : by women to a great extent, and as the women are so .also shall you find the State. If women were properly educated, the death rate of the world would he reduced one-half, for wo would then enjoy sanitary homes and health- sustaining food, and, rising to higher ground, crime wuuld he reduced in u like proportion, ror a mother's influence Is felt ou a child long before she brings it into the world at all. I have, never yet heard of a grout man who did not thank his mother for a deal of his greatness. And, further more, I havo never yet hoard a sound reason why a woman should not ho allowed to vote it she wished to do so. Women vote In some other colo nies — and the world still rolls on. Like Banquo's ghost, tbo great drink trouble "will not down." The "accursed" stuff Itself goes down, of course, hut that merely Increases the calamity, for the more grog put down tbo greater and fiercer are the disputes which In evitably pop up. Uuo of the chief vexations caused by tho subject of strong drink springs from the fact thut it Is one of those bewildering problems concerning which a very great deal muy be suld on both sides, and yet neither side bo right. Prohibitionists point out, with seeming satisfaction, that grog has killed off more persons siuce the world begun than either pestileuee, war, or famine. Aud then Brother Bovlll, of tho L.V.A., stops cheerfully to the frout and asks, "What about the JJelugo? How did water score there? Aud whut about tidal waves, aud floods, and treacherous seas, aud divers other watery woes that make 'more work for tho iiudortaker'?" Prohibition statistics show thut the futuro life of even the bubo uuborn Is shortened by tho supper mulled alo uud whisky "nlghtcups" surrounded by its parents. But there died lu Victoria tile ether day, at tho rather over-rlpo age of 10;t years, one Aaron Weller, who started drinking oil the day Uuorge IV. was crowned King of Eng land, 78 years ugo, and kept ou drinking right up to the hour that tho "blank camel" knelt at his door, aud tho driver, thereof, whoso name Is ' Death, culled out, "Hurry up, Aaron, or you'll miss the 'bus!" I dou't Intend to form upy de finite opinion on the great drink question until scleueo bus clearly explained why 11 is that (sup posing it ho true that all men are created equal) Buuio mou can surround thirty tots a day, and "foel all the bettor for theiu," while other men get whooping drunk if tliey merely see a hoard ou W'hlch Is painted "Try Urewey's Amber Ale!" Respecting the alleged euros for drunkenness put furwurd, they are as numerous as the multi tudinous tlpplos which lead up to their Invention. Never having liud occasion to put 'any of them to practical lest, however. I cannot speak wltli any authority as regards their worth, lint 1 have just heard of one remedy which, ir It ever comes luto favor, will certainly be the oeeuslpu of some remarkably llvuly discussions, in private life at least. Plainly put, it is claimed that tho only reliublo remedy for drunkenness Is polygamy. To weun a man off whisky you must give iiliu a large and tastefully-selected stouk of wives. "That would ho very aloe," as the Hev. Hubert 1 Spalding remarked, when lie was Informed that he would he shipped off to Join tho Mormons ; hut 1 fear there are some wives who will indignantly deelaru that tills cure Is worse than (he disease Itself; even though there run be 110 denying the fuel that the Turks, Persians, and other Oriental nations who practice polygamy are lliu most sobee peoplo under the sun. lluito a num ber of husbands would like to give tho new remedy a rail' and impartial trial, no doubt; but, unfor tunately, very few husbands oun alTord to sup port even one wife comfortably III thut stato to which Providenco and a rashly Importunate man has called her. All our pleasures seem soured hy pnln, aud so. wo sit aud sigh, as the old ViTtnon rltil. miPoif aliUtiitli AUQUI9, 