REFERENCES IN THE CHURCHES. A GENERAL TRIBUTE. During his sermon at St. John's Church yesterday morning Rev. W. H. Edwardes -referred to the death of Mr. Gladstone, remarking that although they might not all have agreed with his political views, they could, and would, join in doing him honour as a great statesman, and a Christian man. The organist (Mr. J. H. Fray) played the "Dead March," the congregation stand- ing. At Christ Church, in the morning, a very impressive memorial service was held, and was largely attended. The Rev. W. Law preached, and based his remarks on Job v., 26—"Thou shalt come to thy grave in a full age, like a shock of corn cometh in in his sea- soln." He prefaced the sermon by the remark that the text was a personal one addressed to an individual man, as the type of a class. God assured the religious man his protection and guid- ance through the world, and the text formed one of the promises made to such a one, promises, it must be under- stood, that were made on a broad sense and not to be taken literally. The pro- mise contained in the text dealt with odd ages one olf the two conditions or life that always awaken noble feelings, the other being childhood in the cradle. The one appealed by tender age, and the other by maturity, and it was one of our Saviour's commands that rover once should be paid to the hoary head, and honour done to the aged. The preacher touched on the variation of what was called old age in the different generations, setting a full age now at three score years and ten, and pro- ceeded to assign numerous and power- ful reasons why each one should strive for the fulfilment of the promise in the text, among them being that he should secure a personal interest in Christ, and thus work out his salvation, and that old age furnished a long periodl of use- fulness, enabl:iug one to work for Christ and others, as illustrated by the cases of Paul, John Wesley, and many other men who had lived lengthened lives in the service of Christ and humanity. Lengthy, wise, and useful service al- ways won .its reward in heaven. Deal- ing with his second point—death in spiritual ripeness—Mr. Law argued against what he charaeterised as two common errors—that men who were all upon earth in the same generation wore contemporaries-which was not so, for there were some whose ideas of Christ were antiquated, other men and nations were still in heathen darkness, and the age of stone and darkness had not yet left—and that a full age was necessary to spiritual ripeness of char- acter, which was not so, or some men, Under the guidance of God's Spirit, made such use of their opportunities that they became wiser and better than other and older men, When the grain was ripe was the time for the reaper to go forth, and God knew the time of spiritual ripeness. It had pleased God in his wisdom to fulfil the text in the case of Mr. Gladstone, upon whom the preacher delivered an eloquent eulogy. He described the dead statesman's per- sonal appearance, which betokened strong individual characteristics; his intellectual powers, touching on his double first at the university, and his knowledge of books and men; his spiritual life, a sacred domain between God and the individual, and in which Mr. Gladstone had shown how near a man could live to God; and lastly his public life, during which he had served his country so many years, and been instrumental in passing so many pro- gressive measures and reforms, and concluded an impressive address by urging his hearers to do their best to emulate Mr. Gladstone's noble example. The organist (Mrs. J. G. Sherwin) played the "Dead March," the congre- gation standing. At both services at Tamar-street Church yesterday the Rev. P. G. Wright referred to the late Mr. Gladstone. The pulpit was draped in mourning, and at the close of the evening sermon the congregation stood when the "Dead March" was played by Mr. Fletcher, the organist. The morning text was Job., v., 26, "Thou shalt come to thy grave In a full age like as a shock of corn cometh in in his season." In the evening an impressive and interesting address was based on Gen., xxv., 8, "Then Abraham gave up the ghost and died in a good old age, an old man, and full of years, and was gathered to his people." After a few words in re ference to the death of Abraham, the speaker touched upon England's great ness, which he said was due not only to her army and navy, not to her agi tators and philosophic theorists. It was in her churches and in her Christians that lay the great source of hear national prospc?rity. There were many names cut in 'the temple of fame, and chiselled] in the pillars of English history, names full of grelatncss and power, names that thrill the hearts of nations, names of heroes, heroes of battle on sea and on land, but there was no naane in England's grand gallery of heroes that stood higher than that of William Ewart Gladstone, not only the Grand Old Man of England, but of the world, a man of wondrously symmetrical pro- portions. The three divisions into wlhich the address was divided were-Mr. Gladstone as a cultured scholar, as an able statesman, and as a Christian patriot and philanthropist. The fol lowing lines of a writer in the "Con., temporary" were quoted: —"We may cut a scholar able to adorn a uni- versity out of Mr. Gladstone, and then carve from him a fine student and re- verencer of art; next mark off a re- viewer and general literateur, whom professed authors will respectfully make room for in their ranks; and not only is there still left solid and firm the great Parliamentary Minister, but .f the scattered fragments a couple of Bishops might easily be made, with -if nothing at all is to be wasted— several preachers' for the denomina- tions." Several incidents were given to show how dear to the heart of Glad- stone were his country, and all ques- tions of truth. His opponents had accused him of frequently changing his constituency, but the changes had been made because hce had outgrown his con- 'stituents, and though a Tory at one time, he gradually grew out of his earlier political garb, and when he got to know the pressing nords of the people he conscientiously became their true leader and representative. The world was not unmindful of the good he had rendered other nations. Amongst the Greeks, Italians, and the oppressed Christians in the east of Europe his name was as ointment poured forth. His chief ambition was to help his fellow men, to succour the weak, to befriend the oppressed, and advance the cause of righteousness. A life thus devoted to the public service could not fail to raise and purify. Mr. Gladstone was a sincere Christian, and publicly proclaimed that he judged public questions by the morality of the new Testament. He was much in com- munion with God, and to this was due his high moral tone, his passionate en- thusiasm for humanity, his strong faith, and his herculean labours. He was one of nature's nobility, an epoch man. The question many would ask was, "When shall we see the like of him again? He now rested from his labours. He was gathered to his people, and earth's loss was heaven's gain. During the service Mrs. Bentley sweetly rendered "Ora Pro Nobis." At the Patterson-street Wesleyan Church feeling reference was made by the Rev. A. E. Albiston at the morning service to the death of Mr. Gladstone, and at the close of the service the "Dead March" was played by the or- ganist (Miss Annear), the congregation standing the while. At St. Paul's the Rev. A. Barkway based his remarks upon the life of the deceased statesman, and hymns suit- able to the ocension were sung, the a.nthem being "Lift up your heads." Reference was also made to the event by the Rev. J. O'Mahony at the Church of the Apostles, Rev. M. G. Hart at Chalmers Church, and Rev. H. Jones at St. Andrew's, and the "Dead March" was played. At the usual concert In the City Park after church. the Garrison Band played the "Dead March." LONGFORD, Sunday. Mr. E. Whitfeld, of Launceston, con- ducted the services at Christ. Church here to-day, and in the absence of the incumbent. briefly referred to the death of the Right Heon. W. E. Gladstone. Appropriate hymns were sung, and at the close Mr. A. H. Harington (organ ist) played the "Dead March in Saul," Instead of a volunttary, the choir stand- ing. DEVONPORT WEST, Saturday. Immediately upon the receipt on Fri- day of the intelligence that death had e'aimed the greatest British Commoner of the century, the flags of the port and shipping woer at once placed half mast high. HOBART, Sunday. Referenoes to the death of the Right non. W. E. Gladstone were made in several churches to-day. 