HEMS ABOUT MUMMERS. Fitzgerald's Circus, detained by bad weather, ajrived at 11 o'clock one night at Whangarei, N.Z., and found an enormous audience waiting for the performance to begin. To keep faith with their patrons the circus people set to work with the tent, and at 2 a.m. the programme was started. The show was over at 4.30, and the takings were ,£283. Five baby lions have been born in New Zea and. A young girl, an ardent admirer of Madame Melba, at a reception given to the latter was so completely over come when her turn came to have a word with the prima donna, that blushing crimson and looking up with a sweet smile, she murmured—" You sing, I believe V' Wilson Barrett just missed being a great actor. If he were to think less of the effect he is producing he would appeal more to the heart. As it is one gets occasional glimpses of un reality, which spoil the entire illusion. Some of his admirers have dis covered a resemblance between T. Wigney Percyval—Phoebus ! what a name—and Titlieradge, Quiz cannot detect it. Williamson & Musgrove have been charging 6s., 4s., [and 2s. 6d. during their comic opera season in Perth, but in spite of these prices splendid busi ness has resulted. Dear Quiz—Your reference to Percyval's Cassio brought to mind Herbert Flemming, who was, to my way of thinking, the finest Cassio we have ever seen in Adelaide. Fair clough was then the Othello, and a very excellent Othello too, spite of a tendency to roll the r's. In his prime Booth royd Fairclougli would have frozen Wilson Barrett stiff. Do yon remember his Scriptural readings in the Theatre Royal on Sunday evenings ? If our parsons could only read like him !—Yours, Th e Ghost. * 7 How many Hamlets have we had in Adelaide during the last dozen years ? The namet of Alfred Dampier, Miln, Bentley, and Charles Warner occur without much straining of the memory, and now we have had Wilson Barrett. Dampier probably takes the cake for a refined reading of the part, though Bentley, with all his Scotch accent, was excellent. Warner and Barrett build the part on too melo dramatic lines, and Miln was the d 1 and all. Miss Maud Jeffries looks the sort of girl who would do well in a society play. She wasn't intended by nature for crying parts. Clitheroe is the one Australian in Wil-on Barrett's company. Poor old chap ! how lonely he must be amid such a lot of haw-hawism. Othello, the Moor, reading out par ticulars of the voting on the Federa tion question was a sight for the gods. Last Saturday one almost expected Hamlet to resurrect himself, and announce the results of the Gawler races ! Vollmar, of 'cello fame, was selling tickets for a friend's benefit in Sydney. One night he went into a hotel, and thus accosted an Irishman at the bar, " Have you got any shares in B's benefit ?" at the same time producing a bundle of tickets. " Shears ! " said the Irishman, eyeing his interlocutor, " no, but if I had a mop of hair like yours I should get some shears pretty quickly." Vollmar shook his leonine mane, and laughed heartily, after which drinks were ordered, and the Irishman opened his heart and his purse for the benefit. Mr. Edward Irwin, of Wilson Barrett's Company, has an impediment in his speech which will prevent fame coming to him ; otherwise he has the material of which good actors are composed. By-the-bye, in " Claudian " when Irwin as the blacksmith in Act II has to say " I'll work no more," he throws his hammer down on the alleged anvil. The sound produced gives away the unsubstantiality of the anvil. It is like the dropping of a cannon ball into John Chinaman's weekly wash-basket. " I have come to see Claudian," says the blind girl in the second act of Wills' play. Misfortune pursues " The French Maid" Company. At Broken Hill two of the girls of the chorus were out cycling last week and had a collision %/ O with a horrid man. More repairs. The name of the organisation will have to be changed to " The Bicvcle Bust-up Company." In the dress circle of the Theatre Royal 011 Friday last were Doctors Symons, Rogers, Ramsay Smith, Harrold, Hines, Toll, and possibly others members of the medical pro fession. It was quite a gathering of the clans MacHospital and MacOot siders. The slave girls in " Claudian " looked dreadfully cold last week. Their raiment, it is said, was just as scanty as it appeared to be. Art demands sacrifices, and rheumatism is one of those sacrifices. An ungallant man says that Miss Daisy Belmore has a voice like the squeal of a guinea pig. L. J. Lohr, " the whitest man in front," has come along with all the latest yarns from New Zealand. Lohr is very popular down under, and folks sit up late at night inventing stories for his amusement. Amy Sherwin will give four concerts in Adelaide, the first being on Monday, July 4. As this is American Inde pendence Day Madame should sing " The Star- spangled Banner." She will be assisted at her concerts by Henry Stock well, the tenor, who has just returned from England, and T. H. Jones, Mus. Bac., the latter of whom will contribute selections on the organ. At the last concert a large chorus under the baton of Mr. C. J. Stevens will be engaged to render the " Inflammatus," from " Stabat Mater," and the " Miserere," from " II Trovatore," the solo parts being taken by Madame Sherwin and Mr. Stock well. 