The Legend of Campbelltown FISHER'S GHOST The story of Fisher's Ghost has often been told, but never before in so complete and simple a manner as it no is, under, "Old Time Memories," by Mr. G. B. Barton, of the Sydney Public Library. All the circumstances leading up to the discovery of the murder and conviction of the murderer are set forth as Incidly as if the event had been closed up only yesterday, instead of upwards of seventy-years ago. The subject (says the "Australasian"') will long hold its interest, because a ghost is mixed up with it. Mr. Andrew Lang, who hunts up ghost stories as other collectors do Japanese curios or out-of-date postage stamps, has lately added this one to his treasury. The ghost phase of the matter is the only we shall comment on. Sir. Barton adopts what he has found in early publications on the subject. But the evidence that any ghost was ever, seen or ever reported prior to the conclusion of the trial is so scanty as to lower this case to the level of all ghost cases that have preceded it. For months after Fisher had disappeared there had been much dissuasion as to what had be come of him. At last Farley is reported to have seen a ghostly representation of the miss ing man sitting on the top rail of a fence. He told the magistrate, who called in the black- trackers. A patch of blood was found on the fence, and up the creek, in the direction the ghost had pointed, Fisher's remains were un earthed. The statement that Farley saw Fisher's ghost has since been accepted by all people inclined to believe such things as true. Some sceptics have suggested that the shadowy figure was a figment of Farley's brain. But there is no scrap of evidence, printed or writ ten, to show that Farley ever made mention of any ghost to the magistrate, or that the magis trate ever reported him as doing so. His "statement" is not on record. The little news papers of the time briefly mentioned the dis covery of the body, but not the ghost. No reference to any ghost can be found in any documents of date prior to the conclusion of the trial. It is significant that Mr. Reddall, who was both a clergyman and a magistrate, left behind him no reference to what (if it hap pened) must have seemed to him to be a super natural occurrence worthy of permanent record. The ghost of Fisher first appeared in print nine years after the trial, in a "History" com piled by a doctor living at Parramatta. All the testimony he had to rely on was hearsay. We have no doubt that by that time the ghost was universally believed in, and oral evidence plentiful. But 70 years ago, and even 40 years ago, ghosts had a local habitation and a name wherever any dark crime had been committed by convicts or ticket-of-leave holders in the Australian bush. Murdering huts, hits haunted by murdered shepherds, and camps haunted by headless stockmen were known in many places between Cockatoo and Moreton Bay. Many an overseer was killed by ticket of-leave men in revenge for punishments inflic ted within stockade walls. Tying victims to trees and pulling them asunder with bullock teams, fastening them down on ant-heaps, such were the 'incidents' of the bush heard of in transportation times. That ghosts should use on such scenes was to be expected. Deni zyns of the bush who had been convicts be lieved in ghosts without difficulty. In the present instance, no ghost was necessary to the clearing up of the Fisher mystery. If Farley reported the patch of blood, that would be enough clue fur the black trackers. They did not require a ghost to direct them to look up the creek for the buried body. And in Mar tin's "History" much more is made of the wonderful sagacity shown by the black trackers than of the assistance they got from any ghost. But the people who like to imagine that ghosts form part of the terrestrial scheme can take comfort. Cold criticism will have little effect in obliterating established tradition so long as people like Mr. Andrew Lang are numerous in the land. Even our contributor accepts Fisher's ghost as a probable fact. 