SHOE? SfQB*. The Mysfer/ of Berry Hall, Uj Dear Old Mian,— Shan't see yon on Sunday, as I'm off to Barry -in-the- Wold, to stay with Angela's people. She idle me that tlie invitation is s great sign of relent ing on tbe pater's part, so X couldn't refuse, even had I wished to do. It seems that old 3D vers believes 1 am after the dear girl's money. He will not sanction oar engage ment ; bat, lucidly for tne, Angela is Jboo plucky to quail before his opposition. Last week he rushed up to me, and, forgetting to be stiff, began to tell me about his latest bargain. He is always 4 doing ' Somebody. He has taken Berry Hall, a fine old oountry mansion, for a year oertain, at a ridiculously low rent. Either the absentee proprietor is mad, or .there's something mightily wrong with this Berry Hall ! Perhaps the ghosts of deal and gone nfnfta &t; midnight in the dtftWillg* room, wander through tho gardens, or parade the terraces. I can't afford to question. I congratulated my future father-in-law ao heartily on his 1 pewploaoity that ha invited me for « three When I find out the mysteiy of Berry Hall. Ill tot ? too know. Angela ii.' delighted. Good -bye for a wbile, old chum. . \- Toots evee, Rwuyti. Berry Hall, Monday sight, 12 o'oloak. Dsi& Jacx, — Tbe mystery is not solved as yet. Iam curly puzzled. This is a man sion, indeed. I am gazing serenely out of my bedroom window at this witching hour. No shadowy forms glide over the smooth turf, or play hide-and-seek among the ancestral elms. Tbe owner of ibis plaoe must be the biggest idiot living. It is a home to long for, to sentimentalise about.. It* is situated on a civilised road, a mile from any other habita tion, and the picturesque hamlet of Berryin tbe-Wold. A wall surrounds tbe boose, and woods slope down the hill behind it as tar as the liver, which is well Blocked with trout . If I were a riob man, I would bay Berry Hall. Old Rivers is delighted — he is even civil to me. A dozen quests are here, the Maurices, who overlook his plebeian origin so fares to ask him to some'of their 'mixed 'dinners— tbe Osbaldistonts, who have borrowed money of him, and are therefore bopnd to accept his invitations. Fit£«Ewart— who has a steam yacht mid a boot factory— and many other self-made men are beneath this patrician roof. Old B. is paying off his debt to society as cheaply as possible, the miser 1 Angela is stated by her environment, by the calm grandeur ot this ancient mansion. Aunt Barah is chaperon, so I have had a bad time. Angela and I have only met once in the levers' Walk; but Borne wasn't built in a day. To-morrow night we are to have a ball. _ The hoar of one hae just struck from tbe antique clock up in the belfry tower, sol ; will bid you a fond farewell, Jack. Tours as ever, in remembrance of old days, Reggie, Wednesday Morning. Mt Dsas Bot, — Do you happen to know of a first-clam detective f If yon do, please send him down at once, and I'll pay. We are already in communication with the police. The interest of speculation about the mystery of Berry Hall has become stale by contrast with the highly ? flavoured excite ment of a burglary that £is indeed mysterious. Angela's Aunt Sarah retired to rest 4 after the ball was over 9 this morning without looking up her great-grandmothers diamonds. Ton will remember their hideous splendour. When she awoke at ten o'oloak slue found no trinkets on her dressings-table. Angela has lost her pearls ; all the Maurices' paste jewellery is missing also; ao the burglar was no* discriminating. The windows of Angela's room were un- 1 fastened, Aunt Sarah's door wae not looked, but how the thief placed a ladder against the wall of the house, ascended and descended it, without being observed by the servants, is extraordinary. / - ? Needless to say, old Bivers is. furious. He rages about the house, vowing that he will highly reward any man who discovers or j catches tbe ' miscreant.' If I can catch tbe burglar, I eh aU win the daughter. Help me if you can, Jack. . r. : -tYours, ? B. PJJ.— Aunt Sarah says that she is oertain that the wretch 1b Mr. Maurice's French ? valet, Alphonse ; as decent a feflow as ever I met ! He saw Angela meet me, and me meet Angela in the Lovers' Walk while (he ball was on, so I tipped him liberally, and he has sworn to keep tbe secret. Now he smiles benevolently on us both.. By the bye, if he were an Amerioan, those smiles would be ? odiously familiar ; as tie is a foreigner, they are merely picturesque. P.S. No. 2.— Old Bivers Is shouting in the ball that he baa found a clue. P.S. No. 3.—' Would you believe, Jack, the clue turns out to be one of my patent 1 boot -buttons on tho landing outside Aont Sarah's door. 1 shouldn't wonder if old Bivers ended by crediting me with the bur glary ! I'll drop yon a line as 'soon as any thing happens. Don't forget the detective. Be. sure and send him down as soon as possible aa I am anxious to solve this mystery. Thursday Morning. . Jack, Has j There fuubeen assoondraid npontha jewrflatyof thisee~ tablishment, and old Bivers does suspect me. Isttmyfsolt that my wat^, rings, and scarfptns lie undisturbed evoiy night upon my looking-glass P He and Aunt Sarah have compiled lists of the valuables, and wander from person to person reading oat the items. Again the burglars got off, not only scot free, but unseen. The housekeeper says she thinks she heard a little scratching noise just as she was going to sleep. The housemaid is convinced that ' speirits does it, 'cause the kitchen fires J barn blue three nightu running.' This is all j the information tlie servants provide. None of thedoors or windows were left ?onfastened, so ibe thieves .oust possess skeleton keys, ¥our detective arrived by the first train morning, and questioned us aU at great length. You've failed me there, Jack ; he isn't a f : JSherlock Holmes; Angela tells me heir, ; father goes about tailing every pram ne: meets, in strict cotrfidenoe, that he always' considered me a very dangeroasnnd mtscra* patens *'***- Alphonse, Mr. Maurice's valet, goes about looking sly. ? laitonly baouue l faidiotip hini stain : litteig& whenIbdiBTeh»imewIbadbeeu IdiMg Angela tp the conservatory, altiiongfa \- : be looked gni to ' distant* as hesamettamgh . in*earob,ae besaid, of his master, or doeB lie know more ot tbe mystery than we iot Joan ai before, . r' S. . Jaok, I'm aunefot HowflnearfiiBhsll : Aly , with gold tofcwp fey secret. ,{w found meon wSflUfiU/swK stealing ttwlfiag A1-. phonse by cross, ^uaetianing htm, io he saves himtwH from suspicion by lying against me. Of course, I was not in the corridor at all, neither fasvemy hands at any time been ' full of diamonds.' I should say that Alphonse himself , was the burglar. had he notslepl oat of the house hut night in the gardener's oottage to make room for the detective. Angela is in tears; old Stivers comes cursing every few minutes to my bedroom j door (it is looked on the outside) i and; demands the restoration of his Taby shirt studs. The detective s*yB there is no doabt of my guilt. . I am to.be taken to gaoL ' My poor darling, how will she bear this trial P .W01 die, coo, learn to doubt me F I should like to pjtoh old -Rivees1 and tbe] deteotive, together wi*H Alphonse^ into the laks that lies brooding to the north of this historic mansion. ' - I oan ^oaroely realise the fall honor of my position. Shsu 1 be able to prove my inno oenoe, Jack? Send me down a lawyer at once, and let him be a bettor man than the detective. ; ^ Xoora distractedly, Bsoozb. Saturday. . , Setter news, old fdlow. Old Bivers allowed me twelve houaf consideration whether I would goto gaoloroanfess all and returnthevBlo^es. ± spent tne auoccea nme m me snocmg* room, in the oompanyof that detectiFe. Daring the ni^it my bedroom was entered, and my valuables Btolen. A million blessings be on the heads of the thieves.' He oironmstanoe that muddy footprints, . about twioe the size of mine, snow apon tbe window-ledge and caipet has persuaded eld Bivers that £ did not do the actual predatory, deed. He still hints that I maybe the leader of a gang, bat hiats won't, send me to prison. ; : ' ? . . ? I managed to see Angftla early this morn- . ing, and lhe dear girl told me to keep brave, ae she does. Yet I saw that she had been crying, and she owns that Bhe has not the heart to pat her front hair into curling-pins. Jaok, a women like Angela oomes very near being an angel. . - Old Bivers rashes eboat the plaoe measur ing all the boots he can find. As soon as be discovers one person beneath thi* roof *ho owns feet the sise of the muddy footprints be will beoome abusive.-?;.' Alphonse has just .confessed that he did not imagine me to be the burglar, but 'The deteotive he seemed to expeot something.' As I thought, the cross-questioning terrified Alphonse s*ato aocusing me. 1 did not eay, 4 1 forgive you, Alphonse/ Washington has always been my favourite hero, and I strive to live up to his illustrious example. Think of my peril, Jaok. I was nearly destroyed — sacrificed to a French valet's instinot of self -preservation. I am in better spirits; Don't eend the lawyer. I may yet find the olue to this mystery. B. Sunday. Dbab Jaok,— The mystery is not solved yet A cordon of policemen surrounded Berry Htil last night. Wo none of us retired to rest, but remained together, quarrelling and boring one another, in the drawing room. Now and then someone would head a search party, stealing silently through the mansion. Notwithstanding these efforts, another burglary took place; The butler's pantry hae been cleared of every ounoe of silver. We are spending the day in a most an- j Sabbatarian manner. 1 The most remarkable ideas are started by] ~arious members of our party as to the thieves' method of work. Aunt Sarah says 4 they eome down the chimney '-'Angela believes in the existence of ;a band of burglarious ghosts. Mrs Maurioe, who is very nervous, entreats her husband to take her baok to town, but he refuses to leave the spot where the family gems (paste) were last seen. The deteotive says he* has a theory, but no one believes Mm. Jack, yoa knows good hone when yon eee one, bat yon aren't even s fair judge of detectives. A great effort is going to be made to night bj ?' Tonw P.S.— Sunday evening. I have a olue now ; the villagers supplied me with it. They came in afternoon to stare at the outside of the house; the oldest inhabitant was bronght ia a donkey's 4sart, so I questioned him as to the past records of Berry Hall. He said : 4 Weel, meester, Fve see'd a mighty deal o* things i' my time.. I*m not' for eayin' as I heven t my own idea aboot the mansion ; but it's mortal certain, surely, as there has been as many as three burglaries in as many years, an* no one ever a wink the wiser, so to speak. Folks do say, too, as the owner, &e; livtB in farren . parts, don't care not a scrap for 'em.* On being further questioned, he replied : *There be a many o' the great f am'Jies as has grown poor, so to eay, an* b'ain't jest as particular about things as they used to was, an' ef so be as there be fam'ly eperrets (ae the I«ord knows I don't say as there be, neither way itor that there be'ant), why, isn't it nateral like, meester, as they'd do their best, acoording io their lights, for th' old name P' So this village veteran believes that tbe proprietor has a hand in the burglary ? I can't put my faith in the 'sperrets,' though my dear shivers pathetically when they are mentioned ; bat my aged gossip has given me a clue. Till tomorrow, good-bye, Jaok. Monday. Triumph ! I, fiegmald Vemon, have solved the mystery r I haven't caught the bntgUirj but that u a4etaflr X crept about Berry Hall from nine o'olook last night to two this morning, when my: alert ears heard a rustling in the dining* room. 8tealthQy I glided along the corridor and into the apartment, to find. ... a lantern tumbling down the chimney. I - sensed it, relit the lamp, and began to clamber np the opening it bad come down, when I remembered that if 1 got stuck half way to the roof, I should probably remaia there ad infinitum. So 1 came down, summoned the household, and then, in company with the deteotive, ascended tbe chimney. Then proved to be a flight of steps cut in it ; most of the chimneys in tbe house have identical brick stairs; They all lead to tbe roof, where there is asourot ohamber; ~Frotn th* **oret chamber another ladder descends to another hidden chamber in ihe lowest cellar, IcCfa which an underground passage leads fcr miles to a^n^ud monastery in Barry Wood. ^ . This bajny anrntner time, no £t®b hive -Seen ligHi^C and We hear that no fadS* hzz ' ev2f clayed a winter in Beery. Hall. ? All the tenants have left early, ^arUytrom feu of ' burglars and 4 sperrets,' partly oo aooount of the amokiu£ chimney*. 2fo won&tftf; proprieser always letar Ids . for a, year from yirWUranmsr If The emit Is hlgfo^consaering tbe perqtilsitii 1 - ^Ihe muddy footprioti on my ^riudow-rill ware manufaotar&d; In order ^to dire&t; sus* pieion away tmmihet&hnney-; laa wanted at this instant by old Rivers. He is sending v nte to town on the traok jf the burgle**. -] ?? ' f;';';' Touai&luak;, ' .. _ B^oaia. ' ^AT«legraaioJahn.Le«, EsqJ ^Oauglit*^n! Hurrah! AngeU'smine 1 L^ter in follow. Berry Hall. . Obox,— 'The bursars are in mstodj. We (the deteoUves and I) ioand tbem, with the valuables, hidden in Whits*'' chapel garden. ~lhe mystery of Berry Hill is solved, and the proprietor has left for the Argentine Bepnblio. He probably thinks he wiU be sab there from justice for an indefi nite period. * ?No wonderhe would only let HU mansion forshort tenanaies. ; - -V ingaift hftji her dear head on my shoulder, looking over this letter as I write, so excuse oooasionalbiota. Mr Bivers has begged my.pwdon for his euspioions, and, better still, he has given us hispaternal blessing. . Inavei fbrgiven AlphonBe, who is laid up with a nsrvons atta-^. I shoald oallius. malady4 detective on thetratn.'' ' You willhave tebemybestmanjJackjpn Angastl6th. '. ,,r'':r .. ;v . ? . ' . For this and all other 'fceasons; -oonnder Ever years (and Angela's), I a. % 