? THE GHOST OF HEATHER- LEIGH PRIOBY. (By B. A. Belcher, in the " Catholic Do you believe in ghosts ? This question has often been put to me. I tyill not give a direct answer, but if you like I'll tell you my story and leave you to draw your own conclusions as to whether or not 1 believe in ghosts. Many years ago (in fact, more than a quarter of a century has passed away since then) I was an Anglican curate of the athletic type, strong and robust, a fair cricketer, madly fond of shooting and rowing, dearly loving a good cross- country gallop TUenever I got a chance. I never thought seriously of uiy " calling." Like many hundreds of other young men of my day, I had been brought up to know that (he "Church" was to be-my "profession," and to look forward to the snug family living as my destiny. So without much ado I accepted the inevitable, went to Oxford, was proud to sojourn under the classic roof of " Magdalen," and enjoyed life as only an undergraduate can, working just enough to struggle through the necessary examinations, attending th®"least possible number of lectures,- and ting the most possible amoimt of -ffh* and amusement. Those happy days of .''Varsity jlfe ended, and my degree rhijfen, -^..yvas , compelled to settle dowiKto wort, and' for three years had pl$u]Ly of it in/aft*" iis grim, unvarnished reality, as junior; curate of a large district in ..the Eastend, where the small staff of,workers seemed utterly powerless—amongst that teeming population—to stem the ever-increasing tide of poverty, misery, and sin. The change rroni my former open-air life, days spent on the river or on the cricket field, to the close streets and exhausted atmosphere of London told even on my robust constitution, the doctor said my health would entirely break down unless I made an immediate change, so I was obliged to seek a country curacy for a time, and found one likely to be suitable, a small village in {Surrey, within an hour of London, and the rector being abroad, the correspondence relative lo the vacant curacy was carried on by the church warden, Colonel Trent. This gentJeman suggested an interview, and as 1 was inclined to see the parish before any final decision should be made, I gladly accepted his kind offer of hospitality, arranging to journey clown to Surrey and pass the niglit at his house—Ilea tlierleigli Priory. One lovely day early in June I found myself iu the train, rushing through green fieldw, past densely wooded hills and dales of the prettiest part of Surrey. How delightful was the fresh summer air wafting the sweet smell of clover and hawthorn through the open window, how green the trees, how blue the sky ! Already 1 began to feel a new creature. About half-past three the train stopped at tiie village station for which I was bound ; on the . platform .stood a fine, soldierly man, who introduced himself as Colonel Trent, bidding me follow him into the dog-cart which was waiting, and taking the reins he drove off, and we were soon bowling along at a good speed up hill and down dalepast old thatched farmhouses and tiny hamlets nestling under sheltering hills, then across bleak common land bright with yellow gorse. The Colonel chatted pleasantly, giving me a short sketch of what my duties would be, describing the rector and principal inhabitants of Heatherleigh, at the same time not forgetting to point out any place of Interest we happened to pass—all this in such an easy, friendly way, which made me feel perfectly at home with him, and in return I talked of my East-end work and of my northern home, becoming quite confidential with this new-found acquaintance. So pleasant was our drive that 1 was quite sorry when.: the Colonel pulled up his horse before a quaint »ld lych-gate, and with tlieremark, " Here we are," jumped out, telling the groom to take the cart home. I followed my companion into tlie shady "God's acre" which surrounded the grey old church, a peaceful and lovely spot after the continual ifoise and turmoil of the-great working city from which I had . come—thereall bustle and unt^st, here, such quiet, and perfect peace;- ' /''•'• "Yesi, 'as a pretty place," said Colonel Trent, noting my look of admiration ; " you caa fully appreciate its rural beauty more than we do who get -accustomed to our blessings. Ihough I've only lived In Heatlierfelgh two years, I love tije old place dearly, les, I came here when Ileffc thearmy,- and nerer heai'il of l te *xlsteiice till month i^ore the bai«ain was place then and there ; but coine, he added, it's for me to show you about and leave you to find out its charms for yourself, not to take up the time in telling vou mv experiences." * We went into the church, and my guide pointed out the many ancient objects of interest; meanwhile he told me the chants and hymns in present use, and every conceivable thing I might wish to know. After looking over the school we passed along the tiny village street, with its white-washed cottages and thatched forge, from which came like sweet music the ring of the hammer upon the anvil; groups of rosy-fneed, pinafored children played outside their tidy homes, each looking up with a merry smile at my tall companion, the girls dropping their quaint little bobcurtsey—such a contrast to the poor, starved-lookiug mites who made mud pies iu the gutters or lingered dejectedly on the dingy door-steps of my London parish. " Now you see Heatherlcigh at its very best," said the Colonel. " Of course the place is very different in : winter. Imagine these trees bare and leafless, the roads ankle deep in chalky mud, and a biting wind sweepiug,-<rfet" Aat bleak common vonder ; thSt'^JBljgjMrleigh at its worst." j^AS faFsfoefee place goes 1 think it jCffe .Vg^nHti^Sj assure you, Colonel tRector and you are I shall not have making up my almost made up tear fellow," exclaimed colonel; " I am quite sure :ratrwill suit us down to the ground ; and now let us go and see if there is not some tea going at home, for it's long after flvf o'clock, and you looked tired to death from your journey and all this sight-seeing." So, turning down a shady lane, my companion led the way through some massive iron gates along an avenue of magnificent trees. " This is my place," he said, proudly, as a fine grey-stone bouse appeared in view. It was very old and many gabled, almost covered with ivy, creepers, and roses, whilst round the deep porch wisteria hung in long, grape-like blossoms; the windows were lnullioned with lattice panes of an ecclesiastical appearance; round some the early roses clustered, whilst others were almost concealed by ivy. so profuse was its growth. Following on through the low-ceilinged, oak-wainscoted hall, I found myself in a pretty drawing-room, and was introduced to Mrs. Trent, a fair, blue-eyed little woman, who greeted me kindly while slie hastened to give me a cup of tea, at the same time scolding her tall husband 'n a gentle, playful way for having kept me out so long. How delicious that tea and country bread and butter tasted, how charming were the surroundings—the pretty room, with windows open, the sloping lawn, and the sweet scent of lilac borne in upon the summer breeze! After my dingy London lodging and sour-faced landlady, this was truly Taradise. The colonel talked volubly. Presently a young girl came in through the open window, whom the colonel introduced to ine as "my girl Dorothy." 1 rose, and the young lady came towards me and gave me her hand. She was tall and fair, with dark blue eyes and pretty colour in her cheeks. As she stood there in her simple white dress and shady garden hat, I thought I never saw a more beautiful picture, and I think so still, though many yeaj-s have passed away since that June evening when first I eaw the face of Dorothy Trent. We strolled round the rambling old garden, where flowers and sbrul>s of all kinds grew and bloomed, in profusion. Two fine, spreading cedar trees on the lawn afforded pleasant shade, and beyond was a moat, surrounding the house on three sides, where gold fish played hide and seek among the bright, green leaves of the ji t we to me ; the time passed pleasautiy and all too quickly. The dress- H,, imuolln( , ed seven o'clock. • I lien my host conducted me up the >ron<l, oak staircase, and through a long corridor, with oak wainscot, carved with many strange devices. What a fine old house!" I exclaimed. " Yes, it is indeed." he replied, " and very old it is. too. the step." All ! take care— Ho had opened one of (lie doors and entered a room, and I. not. observing the descent, had stumbled into the apartment, nearly upsetting him in mv eliorts to gain the perpendicular. "1 should have warned you sooner. Old houses are full of unexpected steps. _ Dinner will be at quarter to eight.: it you require anvthiug. please ring." So saying, my kindly host, retired. 1 lie bedroom was one of those overlooking the lawn. From the window r could see the moat glistening iu the evening sunshine, while far away the Surrey hills looked blue and purple Iu the distance. The room was long and low-ceiled, the mantel and wainscot of massive oak, richly carved and almost black Willi age. At the further end of the chamber was another door immediately opposite the bed, leading. I supposed, into another room. Out of curiosity I tried the handle ; it. would not yield. The key was turned on my side, so I did not. investigate further. Dinner passed off pleasantly. Wo joined the two ladies in the drawingroom later on. The colonel sat by the open window enjoying his cigar, while Mrs. Trent worked and chatted, and Dorothy treated us to several favourite songs. I have heard several great singers iu my time, but their voices never sounded as sweet to me. nor any songs they sang could iu any way compare to those simple ballad's Dorothy sang that night. (To be concluded.) 