THEATRICAL SLANG. PHRASES THAT ARE IN CONSTANT USE BY THE CHILDREN OP THE FOOTLIGHTS. FEW callings exploit as much slang as that of the actor. He has a slang word for every phase of .his business. Tbe performance, to begin with, is the " show," which,' when good, is " out of eight;" when bad, ia *' snide," though the words " screamer" and " goosey " are sometimes used as alternatives with the first-named expressions. The stage manager is commonly " Daddy," and a professional actor .is " ono of the profesh." A person who appears on the stage on special pccasions, and in very subordinate parts, is a "super," often still further (contracted into "supe." An article used on thestafr^ by .the actors is a "property," while the leader of the orchestra is always the "Professor," arid the place where he and the musicians sit is often know;n as the "menagerie." When tho salaries have been paid the actors tell each other that the "ghost walks," while actors who give performances in halls and such places as can be obtained are disreepectfully known as "barnstormers." A plaee wbere only one performance is given is a "one-nightstand,"and to "play to good business " is to succeed financially in a theatrical .venture. By tho "house" ia: meaiijb die audience, and to " paper the house "is to send out a lage number of. " complimfentaries," or tickets for which no" money has been paid. By a " run " is meant the number ;pf performances' given at one " stand," or theatre; while a " star " is understood.to mean the leading actor ofa play; a "walking gentleman "is an actor who speaks little, a " serio-comic " is an actor whose work is indicated by his name. An actor " eticks" when he forgets words assigned to him and " kicks " when he nuses an objectaon to an orderor request. Insto^parlwce^businesa" is anyby-pl^y, 4 eol or impromptu, performed by an actor in order to fill an Interval whUe mme one,el£»j8 epeaking. to further tibe '^urae/M |t£e*plot, <or pimply to cause t^the audience. The .stage ant| the gallery the 