■ ' THE STORY OF OMDURMAK FULL ACCOUNT OF THE GREAT BATTLE. The following is the first full story pub lished in England of the battle of Om durman. It is taken from the London ''Daily Mail," and is from the pen of Sir. G. \V. Steevens :— Our camp, for the night of September 1, was in the village of Agaiga, a mile south of Kerreri Hill. On our left front was another hill, higher/but single- peaked and rounder—Gebel Surgham.. In front tin ground was open for live miles orso sand and grass, broken by only a few folds —with a group of hills "beyond. The force had formed up in position in the afternoon, when the dervishes fol lowed the cavalry home, and had remained under arms all night; at half-past 5 in tin. morning, when the first howitzer-shel. from opposite Omdurman opened the day's work, every man was in 'his place. The Line formed an obtuse angle; the order 01 jrigades and battalions/counting from 'the .eft, was the following:—Second British fliifle - Brigade, Lancashire. Fusilier.-, Northumberland r Fusiliers, Gremuliei Guards) ; First British (Warwieks,_Se;> fnrt-Iis fhmprons. Taneolnsl: Sppnnrl Errvn forths, Camerons, Lincolns); Second Egyp tiau (14th, 12th, 13th Sudanese, and 8t:. Egyptian in support). Here came. the point of the angle;,, to , the right u were— ' , ' FIRST EGYPTIAN BRIGADE (11th, 10th, 9ch Sudanese, 2nd Egyptian supporting); Third Egyptian (4th, loth, and- 3rd and 7th Egyptian, in column on the right flank). The Fourth Egyptian Brigade (1st, 5th, 17th, and 13th Egyptian) was in reserve In the village. All tlm Egvption battalions in the front' were in their usual formation, with four com panions in line and two -in support. Tilt British had six in line and two in support. On the extreme left was .the 32nd Field Battery; the. Maxims and Egyptian field guns were mounted at intervals in the in fantry. line. The cavalry: had gone out av the first streak of grey, British on '■■'tin left, as'.usual, Egyptian, with camel-corps and horse battery, from the right moving across oiir front. The gunboats lay witi. steam up off the village. ' Light;.stoie quietiy -into the sky behind us; there was no sound from the plain or the hills before us; there was hardly a sound from our own line. Everybody was very silent, but very curious. Would they be so mad as to come out and run their heads into our fire? It seemed beyond hoping for; yet certainly they had been full of war the day before. But most of us were expecting instantly the order to ad vance on Omdurman. A trooper -rose out of the dimness from behind the shoulder of Gebel Surgham, grew larger and plainer, spurred violently up to the line and inside. A'couple more were silhouetted across our front. Then the electric whisper came racing down the line; they were coming. The Lancers came in on the left; the Egyptian mounted troops drew like a curtain across us from left to right.',. As they passed a flicker of white flags began to extend and fill the front in their place. The noise of some thing began to creep in upon us; it cleared and divided into the tap of drums and the far-iiwav surf of raucous war cries. A SHIVER OF EXPECTANCY THRILLED along our army, and then a.sigh of content. They were coming on. Allah help them, they were coming on. It was now half-past 0. The flags seemed still very distant, the roar very faint) and the thud of our first gun-was almost startl ing. It may have startled them too, but it startled them into life. The line of flags swung forward, and a mass of white flying linen swung forward, with it too. They came very- fast - and they came very straight; .and then presently they came no further. With.a crash the bullets leaped but of the-British rifles. It began with the Guards and Warwieks—section volleys at .2,000 yards: then as' the dervishes edged right-ward, it ran along to. the Highlanders, the Lincolns, and to Maxwell's Brigade. The British stood up in double rank bemad their zariba; the blacks lay down in their shelter trench; both poured out death as fast as they could load and press trigger. Shrapiiel whistled and Maxim growied savagely. From all the line came perpetual fire, fire, fire, and shrieked forth in great gusts of.destruction. . -•■?.' ' And the enemy? .'No white, trooper would have faced that torrent of death for five minutes, but the Baggara and the blacks came on. The torrent swept into them and hurled them down in whole com panies. 'You saw a rigid line gather it self up and rush on evenly;,'then before a shrapnel shell or a Maxim the line sud denly- quivered and stopped. The line was yet unbroken, but it was quite still. But other lines gathered up again, again, and yet again; they went down, and vet others rushed on. Sometimes they came near enough to see single figures quite plainly. One old man with, a white flag started with five comrades; '-all dropped, but lie alone came bouncling forward td 'within 200 yards cf the 14th Soudanese. Then he folded his ARMS ACROSS HIS FACE. ' and his limbs loosened, and he dropped sprawling to earth beside his flag. It 'was the last day of .viahdism, and the greatest. They eoul'd never get near and they refused to hold back. By now the gi'ound before us was all white with dead men's drapery. Hides grew red-hot; the soldiers seized them by the slings and dragged them back to the reserve' to change for cool ones. It was not a battle, but an execution'. In the middle of it all you were; sur prised to find that we were losing men. The crash of our own fire was so prodi gious that we c-oufd not hear their bullets whistie; yet they came and swooped down and foun'd victims. The dervishes were fifing at . their extreme range, and their bullets' were many' of thorn almost spent; but as they-alwavs fire'liigh they oft-"- hit. Sb thalt'.while you might have fchoug.-j you •were'at'in shoot of rabbits, you ;suddenly heard the sharp cry—'/Bearer party: there,■ quick," and a man was. being borne rear ward. -Few went down, but there was a steady trickle to hospital: Bullets may have been spent, aiul-Captain Caldeeot,- of the Warwieks, was one of the: strongest men in the army: but that helped him no thing when the dropping .ball took him in the temple and came out through the jugular? He-'lay,' an , hour unconscious, then'opfcndd his '.eyes with—"For God'" drank. Most of all the two Highland bat talions dropped men. The zariba behind which they were unwisely- posted obliged them to stand, besides hampering them b'oth in fire and when it came to-move merit; a little clump of enemy gathered in a hole in front of thein and by the time GUXS CAME UP TO SHELL them out the Camerons had lost sonie 25, and the Seaforths above a dozen. But loss on-this seale was not to be con sidered beside the awful slaughter of the dervishes. If they still came on our men needed only time and ammunition and strength to point a rifle to-kill them off to the very- last man. Only by- now—small wonder—they were not coming on. They were not driven hack; they were all killed in coming on. One section of fire after an other hushed, and at 8 o'clock the village and the plain were still again. The last shell had 'burst over the. last visible group of dervishes; now there was nothing but the unbending, griraly-expeetant line be fore Agaiga, and the still carpet of white in front. We waited half an hour or so, and then the sudden bugle called us to our feet. "Advance," it cried; "to Omdurman" added we. Slowly the force broke up and expanded. The evident intention was to march in brigades in echelon—the Second) British leading along the river, the First rsriusil on men- n^uv Lewis's, and Maedonald's,'with Collinson's still. supporting. Lewis'and Macdonald had changed places, the' latter being now outermost aiid rearmost; at the time few noticed that.. The moment the dervish attack had 'died down the 21st Lancers had slipped out * and unshed straight for the Khalifa's capital. 'Movement avas slow, since the leading brigade had to wait till the others had gone far enough inland to take their positions. We passed over a corner of the field of : fire and saw for certain what awful slaughter we had done. • The bodies were not in heaps; bodies hardly ever are; but they SPREAD EVE.VLT OVER ACRES and acres. And it was very remarkable, if you remembered the Atbara, that you saw hardly a black; nearly all the dead had the high forehead and taper .cheeks of the Arab. The Baggara had been met at last, and he was worth meeting. Some lay very composedly with their- slippers placed under their heads for a last pillow; some knelt, cut short in the middle of a last prayer. Others were torn to pieces, vermilion blood already drying on brown skin, killed instantly beyond doubt. Others, again, seemingly as dead as these, sprang up as we approached and rushed savagely, hurling spears at the nearest enemy. They were bayoneted or slioL Once again the iplain seemed "empty,, but for the advanc ing masses and the carpet of reddened white and -broken bodies underfoot. It was now 20 minutes to 10. The British liad crested a low ridge between Gebel Surgham and the Kile; Maxwell's brigade was just ascending it, Lewis's just coming up under the hill. -Men who could go where they liked were, up- with the Bri tish, staring hungrily at Omdurman. Sud denly -froni rearward broke out a heavy crackle of fire. We thought perhaps a dozen men or so had been- shamming dead; we went on staring at Omdurman. But next instant we had to turn and gal loped 'hot-heeled back again. For the crackle became a crashing, and the crash ing waxed to a roar. Dervishes were firing at us from the top'of Gebel Surgham, der vishes were firing behindhand to the right of it. The 13Oh Sudanese were bounding up the hill,. Lewis's brigade had hastily faced to its right westward, aud was vol leying for life; Maedonald's beyond, still facing northward," was n sheet of Hashes and a roll of smoke. What was it? "Had they come to life again? No time to ask; reinforcements or ghosts, they were on us, and the battle was begun all aga'jn. . , To understand, you must hear now what we only heard afterwards. The dervish army, it • appeared, had not returned to Omdurman on the night of the 1st, but had bivouacked—10,000 to 50,000 of them—^be hind Gebel Surgham, south-westward from. Agaiga. The Khalifa had doubtless ex pected a sudden attack at daybreak; as at Firket, at Abu Hamed, on the Atbara; as we marched by night to our positions be fore Omdurman he must-have designed to spring upon our right flank. When' day broke and no enemy appeared he divided his army into three corps. The first,under Osnian Azrak, attacked the village; the second, with the green banner of Ali -Wad Helu—with him Abdullahi's eldest son, the tfheik- ed-Din — moved towards Kerreri Heights to envelop our right; the. third, under Abdullahi himself and his brother i akuh, remained behind Surgham ready, as need might be, to envelop bur left, or to act as reserve and bar our road to Om durman. ' What befell 'the first you know; Osman Azrak died with them. The second spread out towards our right, and there it.fell in with the Egyptian cavalrv, horse batterv, and camel corps. When Broadwood Bey fell back before the attack he sent word of its coming to the Sirdar; and receiving orders to remain outside the trench and keep the enemv in frr.nl -e i.,c_.. , , — But the mo ment he got to tne top he found himself m face of V\ ad Helu s unsuspected army corps L,000 to 15,000 men against less than 1,000—and the moment he saw' them they began swarming up the lull. There was JUST A MOMENT lor decision, but one moment is all that a born cavalry general needs. T'he next bis galloper was {lying with the. news to tiie Sirdar, and the mounted troops -,-,-ere re treating northward. The choice lay be tween isolation, annihilation, or retreat on Agaiga and envelopment on the right. Broadwood chose the first: hut even for that _the time was short - enough I The camels floundered on the rocky hillside; the guns dragged; the whole mass;of der vishes pursued them with a pelting fire. T."'° iK"ns, ' a" their horses and were abandoned; the camel corps alone had over CO men hit. As for the cavalry, they went hacit very hard pressed'covering their comrades' retreat and their own by carbine /, e Egyptian army hut gave Vic toria Crosses there were many earned that day. Man after man rode back'to bring in dismounted officers, and would hardly be dissuaded from their endeavor when it was seen the rescued were plainly dead. ic was the great day of trial—the day the pick of our cavalry officers had worked for through a weary . decade and more—and i-lei ,?,-vum fellah fought like a hero and died like a man. One or two-short of 40 killed and wounded was the day's- loss; but they came off handsomely. The arrnv of tue green flag was now on Iverreri heigats, betiveen them and the camp; hut -nun Broadwood's force unbroken' behind it, it paused from the meditated attack on tne Egyptian right. In.the pause three of the "four gunboats caught it, and pepner castored it over-with shell and Maxim fire. It withdrew from the river towards the centre again;' the instant a way was cleared the out-paced^ eainel corps was passed back to Agaiga. '.The cavalry hung upon the green flags lei: till-they withdrew 'clean southward and inland; then it moved pla cidly 'back to the infantry .again. Thus much.for the right; on the left the British cavalry were in the stress of an engagement, less perfectly conducted, even more hardily fought out. They left the zariba, as you heard, THE MOMENT THE ATTACK •burned, out, hind. pricked eagerly off to Omdurman. Verging somewhat westward, to the rear of Gebel Surgham, tJigy cams on some 300 dervishes'. Their scouts had. ■been over the ground a thousand yards ahead'of them,. and it was clear for a. charge. Only to cut tliern off it' wa3 thought better to get a little west of them, then left wheel, and thus gallop "down on them and drive them away from their supports. The trumpets sang out .the or der, the troops glided into line, and, four squadrons in column, the 21st Lancers swung into their first charge. Knee to knee, they swept on till they were but 200 yards from the enemy. Then suddenly—then;in.:a .flash—they, saw the trap. Between "them-and the 300 there yawned suddenly a deep ravine;.out of th<» ravine there sprang instantly a cloud of dark heads and a/brandished lightning of swords and a thunder of savage voices. Mahmud smiled when lie heard the tale in prison at Haifa- and said it was their favorite stratagem. It had succeeded. Three thousand, if there was one, to a short five hundred; but it was too late to check now. Must, go through with it now. The .blun ders of British cavalry are the fertile seed of British glory—knee to knee the Lancers whirled on. One hundred yards—fifty— knee to knee——. - Slap ! "It was just like that," said a cap tain, .'bringing., his fist-hard into his open palm. . . Through the swordsmen - they shore without cheeking—and then came the khor. The colonel at their head, riding' straight through everythingwithout sword or revolver drawn, found his horse on its head and the swords swooping about hi* own.. He got the charger up. again , and rode on.straight,, unarmed, through every thing. The'squadrons followed liim down the fall. Horses plunged, blundered, re covered, fell; dervishes on the ground lay for the hamstringing cut ; OFFICERS -.PISTOLLED THEM, in passing over, as one drops a stone into a bucket; troopers thrust till lances broke, then cut; everybody went on straight ■ through everything.' ' • And through everything clean out' the other side they'came—t]fose that-kept up or got up in time. The others were on the ground—in pieces by now, for the cruel swords shore . through shoulder and thigh, and carved the dead into fillets. Twenty four of these, and of those that came out 74 had felt'sword or bullet or spear.' Few horses Stayed behind among the swords, hut nearly, 130 were wounded. Lieutenant Robert Grenfell's troop came on a place with,a jump out as well as a jump in; it lost officer, centre guide, and both flank guides, 10 killed, and 11 wounded. < Yet, when they burst straggling out their only thought was to rally and go in again. "Bally, No. 2," yelled a sergeant so man gled. across the face that his body was a cascade of blood; and nose and cheeks flapped hideously as he' yelled. "Fall out, sergeant, you're wounded,'' said the sub-, altern of his troop. "No, no, sir; fall in," came the hoarse answer;'and the man reefed in his saddle. "Fall in, No. 2; fall in Where' are the devils? Show ine t'he devils." And No. 2 fell in—four, whole men out of thirty. ... .... They chafed and stamped and blas phemed- to go through them again, though the colonel wisely forbade them to face the pit anew. . There were gnasliings of teeth and howls of speechless rage—things half theatrical, half brutal to tell of when blood lias cooled, yet things to rejoice over, in that they, show the fighting devil has not, after all, been civilised out of Britons. Also, tliere were many and many . DEEPS. OF SELF-ABANDONING ' heroism; of which tale the half will never he told. Take, only one. Lieutenant He Montmorency missed his troop-scrgean.: and rode back among the slashes to look for him. There he' found the hacked bodv of Lieutenant Grehfell. He dismounted" and put it up on his horse, not seeing, in his heat, that; life had drained out long ' since by a'dozen channels. The horse •bolted' under the' slackened muscles, and De Moh'tnioreney was left alone with his revolver and 3,000. screaming fiends. Cap tain Kenna and Corporal Swafbrick rode out, caught his horse, and brought it hack; the three answered the fire of the 3,000 at fifty yards and got quietly hack to their own line untouched. ' . Forbearing a second charge the Lancers dismounted and opened fire; the carbines at short range took an opulent vengeance for the lost. Back; back, back they drove them, till they came into the fire of the 32nd Battery. Then shrapnel flew shriek ing over them"; the 3,000 fell all ways," and died. ■ All this from hearsay; now to. go,back to what lie saw. When the Sirdar moved his brigades southward lie knew what he was doing. He was giving his right to an unbeaten enemy: with his usual daring he made it so. Hi's game now -was to gee between the dervishes and, Omdurman. Perhaps he did not guess what a bellyful of heating the unbeaten enemy would take; but he trusted to his generals and his star, an'd,: as always, they bore him to victory. • - ; / • The hlaeks. of the 15th Battalion /were storming Gebel Surgham. Lewis and Mac lonald, facing west, and sou'th, had formed i right angle. Tliey were RECEIVING THE FIRE :>f'tlie Khalifa's division,'and the change fi: . the Khalifa's horsemen; behind these the Khalifa's huge blade standard was flapping raven-like.;The Baggara horsemen were few and ill-mounted—perhaps 200 al together—but they rode to get home or die. They died. There was- a time when one galloping Baggara would have chased a thousand Egyptians; but that time is very long past. The fellaheen stood like a: wall and - aimed: steadily, at the word the chargers swerved towards Macdonald. The blacks, as cool as any Scotchmen, stood and: aimed likewise; the last Baggara fell at the muzzles of the rifles. Our lire .went on, steady, remorseless. The Reming ton bullets-piped more and more rarely overhead," and , the black heads thinned out in. front., A. second time the attack guttered and .flickered out. It was just past 10; once more, to Oudurman. • "fwo. minutes' silence. Then onee more the howling storm rushed down upon us; once more crashed forth the answering tempest. This time it burst upon Mac dpnald. alone — from. the north-westward upon'his .right flank, spreading and gather ing to his right rear. For all their-sudden swiftness .of • movement the dervishes throughout fiiis day never lost their for • imation; their lines drove on as rigidly as ours, regiment alongside regiment in lines at six and eight and a dozen ranks till you might have fancied the Macedonian phalanx was alive again. Left and front and right and rear the masses, ate up the desert—12,000 unbroken, fast, and fearless warriors leaping round 3,000. Now began the fiercest fight of -that fierce day. The Khalifa brought- up his'own black banner again; his staunchest die-hards drove it into the earth and locked their ranks about it. The green flag danced en couragement to the Allah-intoxicated bat talions of Wad JHelu and the Sheikh-ed Din. It was victory or Paradise no-w. For us it was.victory or shredded flesh and bones, unburied, crackling-under the red slippers of Baggara victors. It was the very crux and crisis of the fight If Macdonald' went, Lewis on his left; and ; Collinson and the supporting camel corps and the newly returned cavalry, all on his right or rear, must, all go too. The Second British and Second Egyptian Brigades were far off by now, aavancing by the left of Surgbam Hill; if they had to be recalled the Khalifa could walk back into his stronghold, and then ail our fighting was to begin anew.. But Hunter Paslia Was there, ana Macdonald Bey was there, born fight ing men both, whom no danger can flurry and no sudden shift in the kaleidoscope of battle disconcert. Hunter sent for Wau cuope's First.British Brigade to fill the gap , between Macdonald and Lewis. The order went to General Gatacre first instead of to the Sirdar; with the soldier's instinct he set the brigade moving on the instant. The lchaki columns faced round and edged rigihfcward, rightward, till the fighting line was backed with 3,000 Leb-Mefcfords, which do. man.on earth could face and.live. Later the Lineolns were moved further still on to Macdonald's right. They dispute with the Warwicks the title of the best shooting re . giment in the British army; the men they shot at will dispute no claim of THE LE\COI»?3 FOR EVER. But the cockpit of the fight was Mao donald's. The British might avenge his . brigade; it was his to keep it and to kill off the attack. To meet it he turned his • front through a complete half-circle, facing successively south, west; and n-orth. Every tactician in the army was delirious in his praise; the ignorant correspondent was content to watch the man and his blacks. "Cool as on parade," is an old phrase; Macdonald Bey was very much cooler. Be neath t>he strong, square-hewn face you could tell that the brain was working as if packed in ice. He sat solid on his horse and bent his black brows towards the green, flag and the Remingtons. Then (he. turned to a galloper with an order, and cantered easily up to a battalion comman der. .Magically the rifles hushed, the stinging powder smoke wisped away, and the battalions were rapidly threading back and forward, round, and. round, in and out, as if it were a figure of a dance.. In two minutes the brigade was together again in a-new place. The field in front was hasten ing towards us in a whitey-brown cloud of dervishes; An order.- Macdonald's jaws, gripped and hardened as the flame spurted out again, and. the whitey-brown cloud fluive'red and stood still. 'He saw every thing; knew what to do; knew how to do it; did it.- At the fire-lie was ever brood ing watchfully behind his firing line; at the cease fire_ he was instantly In front of it; all saw him, and knew, that they were be ing nursed to triumph. His blacks of the 9th, 10th, and 11 till, the historic fighting regiments of the Egyptian ai-my, were worthy of their chief.. The 2nd Egyptian, brigaded with them and fighting ,n T1 "worthy of their comrades and of their own reputation\os the BEST DISCIPLINED BATTALION ■in the world. A few had feared that the "lacks would be too forward, tne yellows too backward:-except that the" blicks,' as always, looked happier, there was no dif ference at all between them. The Egyp tian's sprang to the advance at the bugle; the Sudanese' cease'd fire in an instant silence afc the busle. They .were losing men, too, for though eyes were clamped on' the dervish, charges, the dervish fire was brisk. Man after man dropped out behind 'the firing line. Here was a'white officer with a red-lathered charger: there a blade stretched straight, Sare-neaded in the sun, drydipped, uncc-repia- ming, a bul let through Ms liver: two yards away a dead driver "by a 'dead battery mule, "his whip still glued in hand. The table of loss had 'topped 100—150—neared 200. Still they stood, fired, advanced, fired, changed fronk fired—firing, firing always, deaf in the din, blind In the smarting smoke, hot, dry, bleeding,- bloodthirsty, enduring the devilish fight tb the en'd. And the dervishes? The honor of the fight must still go with the men who died. Our men were perfect, but the dervishes ■were superb—beyond perfection. It was their largest, best, and bravest army that ever fought against us for Mahdism, and it died worthily of the huge empire that Mahdfem won and kept so iong. Their riflemen, mangled by every kind "of death and 'torment that m'an can devise, ■ clung round the black flag and the green, empty ing their poor, rotten, home-made cart ridges dauntlessly. Their, spearmen chafed death'at every minute hopelessly. Their horsemen led each attack, riding in to the bullets till nothing was left but three "horses trotting up to our line, heads down, saying—"For goodness' sake, Jet us in, out of this." Not one rush, or two, or ten—hut rush on rush, company on com pany, never stopping, though "all their view that was not utsnaken enemy was the bodies of the men who' had rushed be fore them. A dusky line got up and stormed forward—-it bent, broKe up, FELL APART, AN'D DISAPPEARED. Before the smoke had cleared another line was bending and storming forward in the same track. \- It was over. The avenging squadrons or the Egyptian cavalry swept over the field. The Khalifa and the Sheikh-ed-])in had galloped back to Omdurman. - Ali Wad Helu was borne away on an angareb with a bullet through his thigh-bone. Yakub lay dead under his brother's banner. From the green army there now came only death enamored desperadoes, strolling one by one towards the rifles, pausing to shake a spear, turning aside to recognise a corpse, then caught by a sudden jet of fur»*. bounding forward, ciiecking, sinking limply to the ground. Now under the black flag in a ring of bodies stood only three men facing the three thousand of the Third Brigade. They folder! their arms about the staff and'gazed steadily forward. Two fell. The last dervish stood ■ up and filled his chest; he shouted the name of his god and burled his spear. Then he stood quite still, waiting. . - It took him full ; he quivered, gave at the knees, and toppled with his head on his arms and his face towards the legions of his conquerors. 