CiOSTLAND. Some dilstricts are rich in ghosts pleleian ghosts, you understand. In l i llusict-h I ecamn across the traces of two that were tirmly belleved in by the inhl::itants of the locality. . One hil helr home in a blind alley in a very !Ir qularter. and chose as the place-of her apparition a dliused? pump which stootl up in the enst corner. Tradition ran that ill days of yore a German Jew oridered illegal plunder near the spot. He camle ]):tek from one of his frequent abs-ences to lind that hf beautiful in natmorata had betrayed aIs secrets -to her Gentile lover. Blind with fury, he chasetd her from her home into the cor ner by the pump, where he mercilessly turdered her. From that time to the present day, if a German Jew takes up his abode In this alley, she can be seen on certaln nights in a kneeling attitude on the spot where she wa:s killed,. while eerie noises are supposed to be her sobs and shrieks for help. Be this as it may, no German Jew will live there by choice -the moment she is seen, by man, wo man. or child, he is made to take up his household goods and depart. The other spiritual celebrity of the Houndsdltch region is not so methodical in his habits, and the meaning of his visits cannot be traced. He has no head, and his trunk is swathed in gloom rather than in any thing more Jistinctlve. He appears at erratic intervals, and follows whom he chooses. le will follow for a long dis tance, not only Into the street, but into your very house: and from his slouching gait he is known a.s the "sailor ghost." It is useless to try and put an end to his peripatetle rambles with gunpowder. You shoot through space. and--he walks on just the same. Ite never overtakes you. and has an exasperating trick of vanishing if one attempts to touch him. lie has left no legend, and can be iden tilled with nothing. He may be look ing for his head, or he may have'lost his way in Spirit-land. Anyhow, he is the " most melancholy, unsatisfactory ghost that ever trod this earth. It is next to impossible to follow link by link any clue. if you get hold of.jt: the population changes so:quickly, a"id the inlination being to scoff at the'mar vellous, details receive little atiention. I only met with one case that had a be ginning and an end. My informant was a local policeman, whose beat included the spot where the haunted house had stood. The locale was Spitalflelds, and the dwelling two-storcyed and tumble down. Formerly it had been a tavern, but as newer ones sprang tp in the vi cinity it became what would be called now a shelter for tramps. At .the top of the house was a garret, which, as the roof let in the rain, was only used when there was an overflow of guests. Gradually it came to be whispered that the garret was haunted. Sleepers there were reticent ltbbut what they saw ek actly, but, coming down with.bloodshot eyes ind haggard face, refussed to spend another night at any.cost in the same qitirters.. At length t?o.li'ldalid a iy storing fellows undertook to pierce the mystery. 'Provideit- with pleirnty of liquor and a revolverteach,. they- pIer rily started their night's watch. In the morning one was-found' In a fit, while the other had a wondrous tale to tell of a creature, half woman half ape, that came at midnight poking and peering about the floor as if In search of "some thing. Their description of the, weird figure, with it hairless head and skinny claws, was uncanny indeed, and from that night the chamber was shunned by the inmates, even, with a shrinking ter ror. As the tale was repeated, custom gradually failed, and the house changed owners. The new proprietor was of up to-date Ideas, and logically concluded that if the creature was In search of something, there was something to be found. With inaginatiou full of a hid den:treasure he waited for her apDear ance, and was found at dawn stretehed on the hearth. dead, with one long red hair twined round his left hand. That finished the house: its reputation, be came such that It had to be puiled down, and in digging foundations for the present erection, a copper vessel was found containing coins and a shc velure of red-gold hair! - Even more ghastly is the tale attach ed to a certan court, where an, old woman onee.lived' who received- babies .that iobody, owned: ' It was an under-. 'tood thing that.they?were-to dfe or dis appear within a-glvein tnie. iHer fnfa mous trade prospered almost to incon -venience, for it became difficult to, dis -pose 'of the- Infhnts so quickly .without exciting suspicion. So she conceivad the fiendish idea of setting fire. to- her house, and getting rid of a-baatch at once. The plan succeeded. The house was burned, the children too; and the 'criminal vanished, no doubt to continue her crimes somewhere else. Butto this day, so it is asserted, on-the anniver sary the cries of those babies -can be heard far and near by those giftedrwith an occult sense; and I have questioned many who are firm. In their testimony that they have heard the sounds, them selves, though when pressed they own that they could' not swear as to chil dren crying-it was more like a smotlh ered choke--"CaOssell's Saturday Jour nal:" 