MYSTERIOUS MR \- SABIN. • ~ By E. PHILLIPS OPPENHEIM, * ' ~;:r_-Aufcbor o£ Till-thaDay*o£ Judgment," " The of Bernard Brown," "A Monk ^ "ri'. lof CruW &cV; _ - -[Published by special arrangement mth the anther. All -rights reserved.] Ohapteh AAV,—( Continued.) rnrv aaoin looted ttiougiittul. "It is only necessary," he said, "for me to be in the-room for about ten minutes and I do not need to(carry anything away; my memory will serve me for all that 1 require. By Bome " means-or other I must have that ten minutes-.31 \- • *• " You will risk your life," Lady Deringham Baid; "for I cannot suggest any plan. ' I would help you if I could, but I am power less." \- " I must have that ten minutes," Mr. Sabin said slowly. "Must!" Lady Deringham raised her eye brows. There was a subtle change in the tone ■ of the man, a note of authority, perhaps even the shadow of a threat; he noted the effect and followed it up. "I mean what X say, Constance," he de clared; "I am not asking you a great thing; you have your full share of a woman's wit and ' you can arrange this if you like." "•But, Victor, be reasonable," she pro tested; "suggest a way yourself if you think it so easy; 1 tell you that he never leaves the room!" "Hemust be made to leave it." "By force?' - "If necessary," Mr. Sabin answered coolly. Lady Deringham raised her hand to her forehead and sat thinking. The man's grow ing earnestness bewildered her. "What was to be "done; what could she say? After all he was not changed; the old fear of him was creeping through her veins; yet she made her effort. "You want those papers for something more than a magazine article !" she declared; "thereis something behind all this! "Victor, I cannot help you; I am powerless; I will take no part in anything which I cannot under stand." He stood up, leaning a little upon his stick, the dull green stone of which flashed brightly in .the firelight. "You will help me," he said slowly; "you will let me into that room at night, and you will see that your husband is not there or that he does not interfere. And as to that maga zine-article, you are right! What if it were a lie! I do not fly at small game; now do you understand 2" She rose to'her feet and drew herself up before him proudly; she towered above him, handsome, dignified, angry. ~ "Victor," she said firmly, "I refuse, you can go away at once ! I will have no more to say or to do with you ! You have given me up my letters, it is true, yet for that you have no special claim upon my gratitude; a man of honor would have destroyed them long ago." He looked up at her and the ghost of an unholy smile flickered upon his lips. "Did I tell you that I had given them all back to yon?' he said; "ah! that was a mis take, all save one I should have said. One I kept in case—well, your sex are pro verbially ungrateful, you know. It is the one on the yellow paper written from Mentone ! You remember it? I always liked it better than any of the others." Her white hands flashed out in the firelight, is seemed almost as though she must have struck him. He had lied to her. She was not really free, he was still the master and she his slave. She stood as though turned to stone. "I think," he said, "that you will listen now to a little plan which has just occurred to rae, will you not ?" * She looked away from him with a shudder. "What is it?" she asked hoarsely. 