Mr. Wragge's Laofcuua. Mr Clomoni L. Wrftgae, tbo Govornmont Meteorologist, delivered his lecturo on "Weather Foreoisting and Mount Kos- cuisbo" lo tbo Tcobnicnl Hall, School of Arts, upon Monday- evening last, to a orowdod audicnoo. Mr W. E. Curtis, president of tbo institution, took the chair, and after tho customary introductory romarks a series of efleatlvo topical limriight views wcro thrown upon tho screon. Tbcso the lecturer discoursed upon in an .entertaining and instructive mcasuro, tbo bumor of his criticisms and reflections at times occasioning considerable merriment. Tho Union .Tnck and tbo Tricolor of Franco wcro tbe Qrst pictures displayed, tbo former, ho said, witb its irresistible influence, being tho flag undor which everything in tbo Wcatbor Buroau was onrriod on. Mr Wraggn next doftlt with tbo difference, between tbo study of astronomy and meteorology, claim ing that whilst tbo former scionca was un doubtedly fascioating, iho superiority of tbe latter was to bo found in ltd uses for praotioal purf osos to prodiot iho coming weather. A solar storm 50.000 miles in dimension, and In tbo oavlty of whloh the earth would bo as a small stone, was followed by viows . of tboso objeots of tho astronomer's attention, the bands and moons of tbo great planot Jupiter jvith tho outer rings of Saturn. The meteorologist had to devoto blmielf to tnoro mundane matters. Tho atmospboro of our own planot must be oarefully ,'studlod if ho would issuo corroot eharls of tbo various stormB., These charts ehowod at a glunco tbo diaturbancos likely to nffcot our spbero, ani thus enabled ovory section of tbo community to obtain a knowlego of tho forthcoming weather. This information was advantageous to everyone, and numerous telegrams upon tho eubjoot wore resolved dally at tho Woathor Bureau, inquiring - what tho state of tbo .atmospboro was likely to bo. Tbo squatter desiring to know whon a drought was going 'to break up was told by tho forecasts with a degree of accuracy vary ing from 88 to 97%, and, in many instances, through ibis knowledge, largo quantities of stock bad been saved. Then tbo thearer enquired regarding weather conditions at shearing time, the minor wanted to be posted in rospeot to probable floods, am! the. planter sought advice as to the safety of burning off bis trash. Ladles inclined to be seasick came to blm and said, "Oh, Mr Wrapge, toll mo U wo aro going to have bad weather botween bero and Sydney," and if he found there'wdhld bo rou-rh seas ho advised them to go by train. This made unkind people say that, as a Govornmont officer, he was play ing into ho hands of tho .Railway Depart ment. But all his officers were loyal to their work. Tboy had a duty to do, and thoy did It faithfully. So when -iho sea was likely to bB smooth on a voyage, all who camo for in formation woro recommended to tako a wator trip. Tho'jolly skippers, too, whom as an old salt blimolf he was always glad to servo, wcro pointed out tho ronto to take on a voyage homo if tbey wished to make a good passago ; doctors woro informed according to soiontlflo data where tboir patients should go . to be restored to health, and even such inquiries were put him sometlmos in the train as this : " Mr Wrngge, tell me please if it will rain to-morrow a? my wife is i/ninn to wash." (Laughter.) - Meteorology was mak- iog rapid strides at tbe present time, and fast becoming an oxact scienco. Forecasts ohlcfly, hitherto, had depended on tbo data obtained from horizontal gradients. Bat as It was neoessary to take soundings at the bottom of tho sen, they had to mako vortical observations. Tbo meteor ologist must send bis instruments into the air, and sound the depths of tbo upper atmosphere. This, so far, bad been done by sanding up balloons and bites with delicate instruments attached. Tbe best moans, how- over, to iqvostigate the upper regions of tbo atmosphere was to place the instruments in flxod positions on tho higher mountains— particularly those near tho sea, such as Mount Koscuisko and Mount Townsend, Ac. By this moans you dealt practically and at once with tho vertical sections of the ntmos- phere. From tho days of tho Observatory on Spring Hill, Brisbane, where forcoasts were the result of watching a barometer, ho traced tho work tho Weather Bureau had dono ; nlnlmlno that nvnrvf.hino In nnnnnnilnn .«!«!. forecasting was now arrivod at upon a thoroughly scientific basis. Ho objected to be termed a " weather prophet.,"— a sort of doorepit old man frnru sixty to eighty years of age, with a telescope in bis hand watching tbo bo&vens; for the cloud no bigger than a raan's band ; or King Billy of the Kalkadoons, who would prediot whoa that " big feller flood oome 'loog." But bo claimed to bo a scienti- . flo man (boar, bear) working upon soiontilio linss. In endeavoring to form an opinion of the coming weather, a great mistake people madb wa8 to depend upon the word3 on the barometer, as tbo9e roforred ohiefly to the latitude of London, whore the instruments are made. Meteorologists considered lati tude was tho normal element, and if thoy would road the barometer oorrootly, tboy must alwajB refer to tho latitude where tbo instru ment was, as tho latter invariably faithfully responded to latitude. Again, altitude had to be taken into consideration. Tho barom eter would rise or fall accordiog to every foot yoo went up or down, and, accordingly, tbe difference in attitude might 'make an nneriod barometer roveal a storm under the clearest of skies. If a correal comparison of the atinospberio conditions was to bo made with any other place it could only bp dono when tho thermometer was at a fixed altitude. Mr Wrngge referred somewhat forcibly to tho complaints mado at times of his frequent absence from tbe Chief Weather Bureau, and asked them to bear in mind that his work wn9 not only in Brisbane, but wherever a station had to bo started. For all the first- oinss stations in Queensland, standard baro- motors, tho noblest of all morourial instru ments, had boon imported at great expanse from England. Tboso were of tho most sensitive nature demanding very dolicuto handling, and to send thorn to thoir destina tions .Under the ordinary circumstancos, would mean they would bo eompletoly wreoked. So ho had not only to tako them to tho different places and superintend their emotion himself, but to remain at the stations until tho officials had been thoroughly instructed in their use. To thoroughly understand the weather of tho oolony it was necessary to understand what was going on in other parts, as far as thoy coutd get. Hence, besides thoso in the other colonics, stations had been established at Hongkong, Batavia, Singapore, Now Cale donia, and oven in the Philippines. Ho looked upon tho Now Caledonian Station as the most important in forecasting tho heavy storms visiliog tbo Queensland aoasl, and ho wished to ospooially thank the officara of tbe Fronch Cable Company, inoluding the mana ger. M. Mirabel, for their very oorrcot obser vations, wbiob were promptly and regularly supplied. Also bo was indebted to the offi cers of tho Post and Telograph De partment for tho assistance thoy novcr failod to rondor. Qaosnsland meteor- ologicaliy had oxtornal intercolonial in terests as well as colooinl and home interests, and by tbcso branch stations it was impos sible now for a storm to approaoh Austrnlia without its presence being known at the Chief Weather Bureau. Ho oxplained tho oharts issued by tho Buroau of oyolonio and anti-cyolonio disturbances as -taught by tbo standard barometer, pointed out mercury expanded or contracted in tho instrument nceofding to the heat or the oold. All baromotors in Australia, before anything 6or- viooablo could bo dono with their readings bad to bo roduoed to82dcg. Fahrenheit. Next tboy must bo reduoed to mean sea levels, and then whon they bad been brought under tbo same conditions as thoso in other parte (heir readings would oorreotly show the isobars which indicated high or low pressure storms. Those cyolonie orantUoycionio storms, obser vation showed wcro always oiroular, with one oxooption— whon thocoureo of tho storm took tho form of an inverted B. It was impossible to have a hlgh-prcsauro disturbance without it3 co-relative low- pressure storm, as one was fed by tho other. In a high-pressure dis turbance the mercury fell, whilst it joso in a low-pressure storm. In differentiating tho various ntmospherio disttjrbftncos ho pointed out as a law, whjoh'nover failed, that when strong westerly or casUnorlh.cagtorly winds woo blowing at ono's hack, tho lowost bar- omoter would always bo found on tho right- haod side. Whon on two oharts thoy saw tho isobars, or lines of equal pressure, closo together, it indicated stcop gradionts in tho atmosphero, nnd tlien thoro would always bo heavy Ho had boon ablo to ntraoRo storm, signals on , tho lighthouses all i.W tho Queensland ooast, but If a weather eer- vice tor Austrnlia was to to arranged, ae well as for Queensland, R was absolutely ncces- sarv that tuoro be one ohlot Weather Buroau for tbo Oontinont, corresponding to their per fect system in tho United States. Tbero woathor forecasts were Uouod from Washing ton nd known (a n\\\ tUa States within four hours. Hp hqd formulated h system, which ho hoped to soon sco borne in fovco, whereby passengers In tho mail trains, by means of storm signals In tho guard's van would bo able to luow tbo woathor they woro likoly to onogyntcr at any point along tbo liuo. On'rcaumlng, after a ton minutes interval,: somo capital pioturro of tho Observa tories on Bon Nevie, Scotland, Mount WrfllingtQO, N;Z , and tbo lQw-ioye\ station at ilobartacro thrown m tbo. eueet, nial :r:- shown byV tps Tusmaoiao authorities to motoorologioal matters' was dilated upon, and in vivid descriptive language bo depiotcd the 1 ragged grandeur surrounding tbojtivo other stations. His concluding remarks doalt with tho newly-formed station of MountKoscuisko, 1 situated at an olovatlon of 7128ft., In tho regions of' perpetual snow, abuvo sea lovel. Tho hardships and trials in getting over tho > 1 < snowdrifts nnd aeocndlng by tbo oiroultous route to tho summit woro dwelt upon; and a word of praiso was not forgotten for tho toamster who had convoyed bis stores to tho summit. With much force the beauties ot tho dozzllng snow scenos surrounding the mountain woro displayed, and- ho urged bis . listeners to mako a tour there in profereaco to sigbt-secing in Now JioaUnd. Fivo days' " jourooy from Bundaberg would bring tbem to - ;T this cold latitudo, whero u wldo field of aipino'/ < flora could bo explored. Notwithstanding " \ tho 6uow, blowflies, Ibeoilcs, cookroaches aud. other nuisances to llfo on tho. plains oould bo oucountercd flying over the Mount at . night, and carry from hi9 staff tho name of . Koscuisko ghosts. Tho lecturer W09 frequently applaudod during tbo course ot his address. ' Oa tho motion of tbo Chairman .votes of thanks woro accorded, "by aoolamatlon, to kfr. Wraggo for bis nblo lceturo, and to Mr. ' Hettrich for his masterly manipulation of tho lantern viows. 