SIQRTSfQSY u THE COLONEL'S CASE. . . ... i. Teie Colonel-was fifty, and he looked' it. ' A tall, lean man, bis bronzed face and :grey hair made him appear older than Ms years ; hut he carried himself . well, as heoanih a soldier, and tMrty. years' service in : the East' had told bat little on his iron eon- stitutipn. He was still in the prime of life, yet Hfeseemed to have hut little charm for him. His. thoughtful, faoe was rarelybright- ened by a smile, and his eyes, though keen, -were grave. "E'b an old man afore his time, is the Colonel ' as old Grcver, the gardener, said audi he,; if anybody,, ought: to.know.,' For; Grover had worked about the place, man and boy. for nearly seventy years ; he had been taken On first in old Mr. Pravis'b' time, the Colonells grandfather ; he had been raised to the dignity of- head-gardener- by the late master, the Colonel's unole; and now that the Colonel had inherited the old plaee, he had many a tale to tell of tbe spirited, fair- haired child who had always spent his holi days at Durlton Hall, and bad been 6uoh a favourite with Ms young cousins, Frank and Walter. 4 Ay, they wor alius good to the little chap, they wo i ; and lively enuf 'e was 'iff them days,' the old man would say, addressing the younger generation, to whom -the Colonel was a stranger; 'alluB at Mr. Frank's 'eels, Le wor, 'specially if there wor any talk of goin' after the rats, or knookin' over a rabbit or two ; an' let Mr. Walter so mnoh as whistle to the dogs, 'e'd be np and off in a minit. An' to think as they're both -dead, an' 'e, master 'ere, an' wi' never ohiek nor child to come after 'im ! Ay, ay ! I've .seen a many ehanges in my time, but the worst ohange of all, please Heaven, I'll not live to see — the day when there's none of the name left to be master in Durlton Hall?' 4 Oh, don't distress yourself about that, Mr. Grover !' and the stent landlady of the 1 Blue Lion' smiled encouragingly. 4 The -Colonel may marry yet.' 'E may, ma'am ; and then again 'e may not . It all depends. Wi' some gentlemen as 'ad a fine property like this 'ere' wi' sioh a.deal. of glass, and all the modern improve ments, you'd feel easy, so to speak. Bat in the Colonel's ease ' 4 Yes ?' as he paused, shaking his shaggy white head expressively. What in the -Colonel's case ?' . 4 1 don't know what to say, and that's the fact.' And oertainly no one else was better -qualified to give an opinion. The Colonel had left the army oh succeed ing to his inheritance, and he had now been settled at home for six months or more. He bid been cordially received in the neigh bourhood; but though he had met all friendly advances pleasantly, he had shown little inclination to Bnoiety. To women he was ohivalrously courteous, and absolutely indifferent ; he avoided them whenever he oonld.ido so without incivility, and. when that was impossible, he did his duty like a man and a gentleman. What more, need gallant Colonel and wealthy landed pro prietor attempt ? :Qne friend, however, Colonel Travis had tmiade since he name home, and that' was the Rector. Mr. Winton was. a good old man, and years and' experienoe had taught him both kindliness and taot. He was a lonely man, too ; for. he was ohildless, and his wife had long'heen dead. The Reotory stood bat a stone's-throw from the gates of the Hall, and the Colonel often Btrolled over after -dinner for a smoke, or a hard-fought game of chess. ! 'One, 'evening' he was going there as hsnal, when a girl came quickly down t£e path just as he reached the 'Rectory gate; so that1 he paused - and held it open for her to pas's : out.' She was very young — not more than -fif teen or sixteen;- perhaps — and as he glanced at her, the setting son shone redly on her fair hair and delicate; pale features, giving them a richer warmth of colouring than Nature bad ever intended them to poesess. .. Thank yoii;' she said shyly; and; asshe spoke, he started and looked at her more keenly . 4 It is getting late. I hope you have not -far to go ?' he said. 4 Only aoroBs the green, and a little way -down the lane.' I think— you are a stranger here ?' ' YeS ; we only oame yesterday.' ' We? You- are not alone, then?' ' -' l am staying with Mrs. Dangerfield.. Mr. Winton' is an old friend of hers. I came here now with a note from her, but I don't think she has ever been to thin .place before' the girl explained, with a wondering gianee at him. 4 1 know I have not.' 4 Of course not. I thought I ' could not "know your faoe.' Well, he certainly ought to do so next -time he met her ! .. Her look of surprise recalled him to him self. 4 1 beg your pardon,' and he raised Ms hat with i grave couttesy. . 4I must not. detain yob'; hut I. thought lor a moment that per haps-' He stepped. 4 O.h, lit : dees' not matter,' she said, with a quick smile ; and while the turned from him, and'. walked with swift, girlish grace across the' green, he watched her with an interest 'Which .would . have greatly astonished old Grover,- had he been thereto see. He was npt, however, and in another moment 'the Colonel- roused himself; ' and went on to' the -house; where he found Mr. Win ton in the 'library. ' 4 1 thought you'd be over to-night for .your revenge,' the Rector said, as he rose to meet him. . 4 What, a - beating I gave yon yesterday ! Eh; -Colonel? -But what is the matter, man?' he added,- in a tone of con cern. -4 Are yon: ill ? Yon look ®.®, if you'd ; seen a ghost-' . 1 ' ' 4 Something of the sort 1' and he sat down wearily. 4 A ghost from the past, not from the graveyard. Ob, it was a ehanoe likeness, nothing -more ;-but it shook me a bit',' and I'm afraid I forgot my manners; and questioned the girl too olosely. By the way, oan-you tell mis anything about her?' i 4 What girl are you speaking of?' 4 She is staying with a friend of yours— a Mrs. Dangerfield.' ; 4 No ; 1 know nothing of her. I did not even know Mrs. Dangerfield had anyone with her but servants.' 4 This girl is no servant,' shortly; 4 you couldn't mistake her for one.' 4 "Very likely not; if I saw her ; but 1 have not seen her to my knowledge.' 4 But she brought you a note just now. She told me so.' '.She did not come in, but left it with Jane. However, l am going to see Mrs. Dangerfield to-morrow, and I may hear something of ber then.' 4 Well, if you should said the Colonel. 4 But, after all, it can be nothing but an ac- cidental resemblance. There is no good in thinking about it any more.' But though he said no more on the subject, his thoughts evidently wandered a good deal from the game that evening ; so that- far from his revenge — the poor Colonel was even more hopelessly beaten than on the last occasion when the Reotor and he had played together. Moreover — most significant Bign of Ml to one who knew the man— he scarcely ' even appeared to ' observe that he was having the worst of it. 4 Poor fellow !' the Reotor said to himself that night, as he stood and looked at the chess board after Ms guest had taken his departure. 4 At other times he would be more than a bit shaken to play bo vilely as that ! Lost Ms qneen just for nothing- threw her away, so to Bpeak ! How queer he looked when I pointed it out to him ! I wonder what sort of a past that ghost oame from, that it should upset him so ? Poor Travis ! poor fellow !' and shaking his head sadly, the old -Reotor lit his candle, and went np to bed ; Ms innocent victory cruelly marred by his conviclion that it was to some extent— only, of course, to some extent — due to mental disturbance on his opponent's part. n. When the Reotor called on Mrs. Danger- field the next morning, he found her alone. She was a kindly, pleasant spoken woman, with more spirit than strength ; her husband had died- many years before, leaving her amply provided for, and, she had no near relatives. Mrs. Dangerfield and the Reotor were old friends, and she had spent the summer months at Durlton more that once before ; for in that quiet village this usually busy woman could be as idle as she pleased, and enjoy thorough rest from all: social dutios. For a month or two this suited her exactly, and she was load in her praise of the charms of rural retirement; but after that time she began to wear; of it, and- longed for. the ex citement and bustle of life again. 4 It is impossible to live at Durlton,' she frequently assured him towards the end of the third month. 4 1 exist here — a delight ful existence enough, I grant yon— hut that is all.' And the Rector, who had Mb own opinion on the subjeot, founded both on ob servation and personal experienoe, smiled indulgently, ana said notMng, tor he knew the hopelessness of eontradioting her, , 'How good of you-to come so soon .!' she said cordially, as soon as the first .greet ings were over. 4 But I knew I might qount upcin you. I have a favour to ask of you, Mr. "Winton ; I want your advice in a very delicate matter— mind, I don't ab solutely . promise to not upon it, but want it all the same— and, perhaps, yonr help. May I have them ?' 4 Of course. I am at y our Jflser vice, and will do anything I can for you with the greatest pleasure,' roe Reotor replied. 4 What is the difficulty ?' 4 The matter really concerns a poor friend of mine ; such a sad case ! She is a widow — a proud, reserved woman— and I guess more than I know of her troubles. But I want badly to help her, for she haB been a great; comfort to me. When I was so _ ill last year the doctor said I should have died if it had not bron for Nurse Margaret.' 4 And how do you propose to help her?' 4 1 want her to give up nursing altogether : — I'm sure she isn't strong, enough for it-- arid live with me as my companion ; of course, I should make it worth her while.' . 4 And you think she is adapted to such a position ?' 4 Oh, admirably ! She is a olevei woman, and could adapt herself to anything. The Reotor oould not help smiling : at this oharaoteristioally off-hand reply. '.But she has all. sorts of queer notions, and might take it into her head to refuse. Do you see ?' . 4 Yes, I see what you mean ; hat I don't quite see how I am to help you in the matter.' ' I want you to tell ber she mustn't do it.' 4 But how can I, with so little knowledge of the facts, presume ' 4 Never -mind about that now. Wait till you've heard all. You must tell her she mustn't refuse — that it is her dnty to accept my offer for her daughter's sake.' 4 Oh, she has a daughter, then ?' 4 Yes ; the girl is staying with me now. You'll b9 charmed with her. She is very I pretty and well eduoated, too; though how I her mother has managed to do it all passes my comprehension; It has been ' a hard straggle at times to find the money; that much I know, for she told me so herself.' 4 And what do yon propose to do with the girl?'. 4 Finish her education, and give her a start in life. She is sure to want to take up some thing — they all do nowadays— and she may as well have a ohanoe of doing it success fully,' 4 And you wish the mother to make her home with you permanently?' 4 Of oourse ; and I shall provide for her in my will. It would not he fair to ask her to give up her profession otherwise.' 4 No, it would not,' he aid slowly. 4 1 only wished to be sure you had contemplated tMs.' The Reotor did not like to say that he thought it. possible she might ohange her mind a few. months henoe; bat Mrs. Danger- field gnessed the eause of his hesitation, and langhed. genially , 4 Yon need not be afraid that I shall grow tired: of. this, arrangement,' she said. 4 I have long . wished . to meet some one whom I oould ask . to live with me, and, Norse Margaret .is jost the person 1 want— a thorough lady, of. whom I oould make a friend— white. May will give me quite a new interest in life. Now, don't you think it's a very good idea P V ' . ' It seems so, oertainly, Mr. .Winton ad mitted thoughtfully, 4 Is this lady — Nurse Margaret, as you oall her— staying with you now?' 4 No ; but I hope she'll he here in a few days, when her present patient can spare her. It won't be my fault if she ever has another. Well, will you help me ?' 4 If I can, but I would rather have a talk with the lady before committing myself to any opinion.' 4 You shall have an opportunity of doing so as soon as I ban arrange it. But I ought to warn you that she iB very reserved, and, of course, all I have told you is strictly between ourselves.' ' Oh. of course ! % the way, do you know Colonel Travis ?' 'No; he was still in India when I was here last. But why do you ask ?' 4 He met your young friend last night as he was coming to see me, and he asked me who she was.' 'You can tell him she is my adopted daughter. It is perfectly true, for as her mother is often unable to look after her, I do my best bo take her plaoe . For reasons wMoh I cannot enter upon just now, I would rather you said no more. But I want you to see the girl, and, in good time, here she comes !' The Reotor turned with a look of bene volent interest on his kindly faoe as May came in, carrying a glorious bunoh of tea- roses and carnations. Yes, she was very pretty ; the Oolonel was right. 4 My dear ohild, where did yon get those lovely flowers ?' Mrs Dangerfield exclaimed, before the girl oonld speak. 4 We have nothing like them in our garden.' 4 Colonel Travis gave them to me ; wasn't it kind of him ?' 4 Very kind indeed ; hat what in the world do yon know of Colonel Travis ?' 4 1 saw Mm la«t night at the Reotory, though ; I didn't then know who he was ; and I met him just now some way off in the fields. It Was getting late, so I asked him the best way home, and he showed me a- short cat throngh his grounds. He says 1 may come that way whenever I like. Oh, he has snbh a lovely place !' 4 1 suppose it is very pretty. But, my dear, I want to introduoe yon to Mr. Winton. This is the young friend of whom I have been telling you, Mr. Winton— my adopted daughter, May.' 4 So you've been making friends with the Colonel ?' the Reotor said, as she shook hands with Mm. 4 He has a beautiful home, has he not ?' 4 Yes,' enthusiastically ; 'pretty is muoh too small a word for- it; But how lonely he must be in that big. house, with no one but servants about him ! It's no wonder he looks so sad!' 4 Do you think he looks sad, Miss May 'r Well, I believe yon are right. He shuts himself up too. much ; you must help me to cheer him up a bit. And now I must really be going.- No; I cannot - stay to lunch, thank you.' 4 Then you will dine with us to-morrow? Come, I will take no refusal !' With pleasure, my dear madam ; and you muse dine with me one evening — both of you— and I'll ask Travis to meet you? Come, I will take no refusal, either !' 4 Very well ; May will be delighted, I'm sure, and . so shall I. Any evening would suit us.' ' 4 Then I'll arrange with the Colonel to night. He generally looks in after dinner ; asMiss May says, he's a hit lonely in that big house, and Beems to fiad the company of an old fellow like me better than none. Good-bye until to- mbrrow evening, then.' And the Reotor left them. He had learned hut .little that be could tell the Colonel. 4 Her name is May, and she is Mrs. Dmgerfield's adopted daughter,' that was all. It was not much, certainly, and he feared Ms friend would be disappointed at such a nnagre acoouut ; h-it it was the best he oould do for him under the circumstances. Mr. Winton was inclinod to think that MrR. Dangerfield wkb making a wholly un- nf o=ssary fuss about nothing. He knew her mysteries of old, and, truth to tel', had but a poor dpiuion of them. But he was none the less bound to respect her confidence because he more thaa suspected that there was but little to confide. 4 Her name is May, and she is Mrs; Dangerfield's adopted daughter ' ; it was a terribly bald bio graph;, and the more ' he thought of sub mitting it to the Cplonel, the less he liked it. Still, the thing had to be done, and he did it. : 4 May P Bnt what is her other name ?' I Colonel Travis asked abruptly. 4 1 do not know. I did not hear it.' ' And that is all you heard about her?' 4 1 oan tell you no more.' The Colonel was sUent. . , f m. : Bat though Oolonel Travis asked no more about May, the Reotor was soon convinced that this was from no lank of interest in her. He was evidently strongly attraoted to the' girl, and she, on her part, treated him with a frank friendliness ;to whioh the grave and lonely man had long been a stranger. After thb dinner at the Reotory , Ms acquaintance with Mrs. Dangerfield ripened rapidly into friendship; and if at first «he was glad to see Mm for the Rector's sake, she soon learned to like him for Ms own. Meantime, Mr Winton heatdnomore of. Nurse Margaret. Apparently her patient's ease had proved a stubborn one ; was it she herself . that was stubborn ? The Reotor: wondered a little, hut thought it better to ask no questions. He wondered a little, too, that May never spoke of her mother. He had never onee heard the giri allude to her, though she ohattered freely enough on most subjeots. (To be oonoluded next week.) 