The Light That Cast No Shadow. Curious stories are told about the powers possessed by certain natives of India, who live up among the Himalaya mountains. These old men, it is said, have devoted scores of years to the study of natural laws and forces, which the rest of the world knows nothing about. Lately a German professor visited the " adepts," as these queer Hindus are called, for the pur pose of finding out the secret of their remarkable performances. They treated Urn rather scurvily, but Interested him all the same. One day the professor wanted to examine some ancient Sanskrit manu scripts. An adept went with him to a cave wherein the books were kept. The place was dark as the bottom of a well. " I can't see to read, here," said the visitor. " Then we will have some light," was the reply, and Immediately (the professor says) 4 soft, pearly light brightened the cave. He oould not tell whence it came, but he noticed that it had one strange quality—lt cast not the slightest shadow. This a story hard to believe, yet Us truth is affirmed by a man of vast learning and high character, and you who now read It have no reason for doubt, except that all the lights you have seen have cast shadows. Belief or unbelief commonly runs parallel with one's own experience. Dr. Johnson sniffed at the account Of the Lisbon earth quake, yet credited the tale of the Cock lane ghost. A man who has been ill for years, and failed to find a cure, Is sceptical when friends tell him of a medicine which they believe will make him well. What else but doubt could result from hit experience ? Take an example :— " In the spring of 1888," writes our corre spondent, " I fell Into a low, weak, and languid state. I felt low-spirited and out of sorts. At first my stomach was de ranged, my appetite poor, and after eating I had pain and weight at the chest. I was much troubled with wind, and frequently spat up a sour fluid, also bitter bile. Later on I suffered from nervousness and great depression of spirit*. I kept up with my ."work, but had always a sense of discomfort. Off and on I continued in this way for two years, nothing that I took relieving me. At last I heard of Mother Seigel's Syrup, end procured a supply. After I had taken only a few doses I found relief ; my food digested, and gradually all nervousness left me. Although I had no reason at first to feel any confidence In this medicine, never having used it or seen it used, I now gladly admit its value, and its power over disease. Since my recovery, for which I thank Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup, I have been in the best of health and spirits. In the Interests of suffering humanity I deem It a duty to send you this testimony. (Signed) D. Griffiths, tailor and outfitter, 151 Hockley Hill, Birmingham, Bth June, 1893." There is a deal of difference between Mr. Crrifflths'E candid letter and the story about the light that cast no shadow. The latter may be truo enough, but it cannot be veri fied without more trouble than it is worth. On the other hand we have * trustworthy rwitness, who will answer letters of inquiry, and can be found at his address. Finally, there is nothing mystic or magi cal about Mother Selgel'a Curative Syrup. It acts on the theory that most ailments are but symptoms, forms, or phases of that universal disease—indigestion and dyspep sia ; it cures that, and throws the light of health and happiness over hearths and borne* where lllnessjuid pain had cast such dark and terrifying shadows. And that is !why people believe all that is told of its ■access by eager witnesses.—(Advt.) 