TIVE SI ORY. E ..,J%- L i L, cn, " o Proo," " oina,' &c; 'Autho' . Siy siral cnrranement with \- I rd, L oc" Co., Ltd. [I aons IEIHTh uuS5RVBf';] CHAPTER XXV. THE LAST STROKE. Sthe solicitor turned toward the i'scomer, Mr Myers, the man and olman exchanged glances, and while Swas still confident, not to say defiant, he looked to the unobservant solicitor with a nerrous, apprehensive glance, and leaning toward her would have whispered a word of - his anxiety; but she shook her head,:and the next moment the solicitor was naming them to each other and, as Mr Myers paused before the lady, continued with the utmost directness "Mr Myers, this lady delees; the ex istence of any and all American heirs. She fears you may have been deceived. Do you know this man Brierly to be living at present ' "I believe him to be living." "Mr Myers," said the lady, sweetly, "I am very sorry to think or say it, but you hare certainly been grossly tricked I If you have seen a would-be claimant, you have seen a fraudulent one. How long, may 1 ask, since you left America 3" "I have been in England for some time, and I will admit, madam, that I do not quite understand this cas in all its details. Still, may it not be possible that you have been misled ' There seem to have been complications." He checked himself, and appeared to be considering his next words, then he resumed-" I think I can help to clear up this under standing. I brought with me here a young man lately from the United States. He claims to hive seen Mr Brierly very recently. With your permission I will ask him to join us." The Lathams again exchanged swift glances, and the man gave his head a nuick negative shake. But the solicitor went promptly to the door. They did not hear the brief order he gave the boy, and he did not come back at once. " Who is this young Amorican'who has seen the invisible 7 And how came he \- here to-dayvi asked tiihe stiai,whoWa .now frowning heavily and nioving rest iensly in his seat. " What is his name 1" Mr Myers-had picked up a book off the desk, and was turning its pages slowly. He seemed hardly to hear the fellow's words. "He's a very bright young fellow," lie said, musingly. "I don't think he would be easily deceived. He's quite a c'ever :detective, in his way.' He was studying the pair from under bent brows. Just .then Mr Latham's hat fell from his hand to the floor, and before he had recaptured it, the solicitor had entered, followed by a--serious-faced-young man, whom he carelessly'named to the two strangers. " Mr Grant." The ld y's hand went suddenly to her I heart, and her face was ashen teneath ( the dotted veiL " Are you ill, madam ?" "A twinge," she faltered. "It's neuralgia," declared the man, drawing his chair toward her. "She;s subject to these sharp attacks. Better, Bessie 1' She nodded, and fixed her eyes upon " Mr Grant," to whom Mr Myers wa: saying "This lady, Grant, is positive that the Brierlys of whom you have talked to me, are not now living. There has been tricking solifewhere, and deception. Will you help us to-understand one another 1" SThe lawyer's face had grown very grave. SFrancis Fee ars seat4!himfself directly 'before the woman, whose eyes never left is. face now. and were growing visibly prehensive., ý.There has. been 'more than trickin, w'r :than' deceit here, and if I am to mip it clear to you, madam, I must begi at the beginning. So far, at least, as Inow it." Tli woman bent her head slightly. Go ," said the man. He had never seen rrars either in frofpria e'rsona, or Ms Fri.S Grant. a d'LGative began with a brief sketch f thie. ly brother, . and then de Bibed n tlyi-he discovery of Charles Gl s8 ' dy beside the lake at elre le. *paused here and his voice "I h v'reýsumed life b neva sBen Charles Brierly in looki' tandi beside his dead body, spiregdebd in\ tha face so'lately in that hero a mana strong soul, I knoew possibilit mieir. There was no know, dl o accidtand such men, I inm half aot cheadeath by meeting he a no y.* It wa0 murder, and yet The case lmes, th sald. and when I h ereste o rome the irst, fair girl he loved,' sIn ýorrow of the gave myself ea, aar,"1d lo d him, I ing the author of tho h'.ork of seek. "'That nit ^Cs coW?ly blow. Glenville alo I wlked , streets of faslenhile alon, nd, pas3w i a certain fashionable boarding, \alkd s treet f room lighted onl- byL te, a', in a the shadow of Y 5the late ra nbeams, floor with her bare armsn 'ho b eed the pantomime of ag arms to sinor m ft i a . io glnced about hie. ame' lawyers were standina i, a t the.door, erect and se by si.anea the chair opposite was afr heinT in credulous indifference acthlng oin intensely still when the voie room M no on stirred or ok e ceased, l .oo.+?ie?or spo~e. ce et morning, early, I viewed Sscene of the crime, ai.d saw ied m ' the destroyer mit have crept upon a unsuspectingictim,owin?t, phoforation of the shore, the shelterof the trou e and shrubs,.and the protection of the curv nd Indian Mound. There had been shoe c tvfo days before, and in crtain spdt where the sun did not 1era) t st, the earth was still mosit. Under a huthg tree, just where the slayer nmight hve' stood, I found the print of a dainty shoeL, or rather the pointed ton a. it. hl tWo Sother sheltered ,rces I found parts of ll'- ourprilnts, and, a little on, the road, In a clump of underbush, I found two Well-formed footprints, all alike, small, and pointed at the toe. But I found something more in that hazel thickot. I fond my first convincing, convicting e. Jluwusta shred, a thread of a tc k ?raning veil, such as widow8 sr. I I found a por simpleton o hsdbea in the wood on the morn. of o murder,and who had been bly t fied. For a time he oul " C t^ that he ad seen a ghost, /n ', by he grew more communica d~ rm what he then said-for he a 4 ith.% 'ghost't: last as a thing tot! N ith a blackface-I knew hh* tE no? fora white fragment which I fcarri^ i from the black one. A r' " go had passed over that lake. i ' Oad? l th at fatal morning and I I' :d tat the lap .cover with it was r and white.' Large enough to rlak eanof small stature, who, with fb'tures akn .trawn close across her 'at clue, rising suddenly from among sif oplet f o hazel, could easily terrify a presence to leavine the place where his aee w menace." l haused a moment; but lie might as "'ues n been looking upon carven i rtnes eo one stirred, no one spoke, She rcaamed his fateful story. I hen t ame the inquest. I believed, Sthen, that I knew the hand that k- Ohaktrles Brierly's lieo. But I did ( ,ow the motive, and, untilI did, : case "was a weak one. Besides, a n"n sometimes strikes and still Yr 3 our pity and protection. *I S 1Ktrl.it thn m, n o t ,;u ..; :I., en at the inquest, as Robert Brierly, brother of the dead man, whose 3senco in the town was known only a few, came forward to ify, a woman, who did not know 1, and whom he did not know, fainted 'iight of him, and was taken out of St. Then I knew the motive." ih.-h-lh " A queer sighing sound 4ed the lips of the woman sitting o ly erect before him; but he hurried at knowledge is not always proof ~i ourt of law-and I must have proof. T night a woman, dressed as a boy, irage and cunning combined, forced ay into the rooms so lately occupied Srles Brierly. Fear of detection gun its work upon her mind, and at, most of all, to try and throw wjU off the track. In Brierly's desk u fit a letter, very conspicuously plac, an anonymous letter, so framed as throw suspicion upon the dead marbetrothed. This again showed the wor?? hand. She also carried away a was pistol, and some foreign jewel le1od.dainty bric-a-brac, to-make the f ehem that of a thief ; and last, she fous upon a letter file, a newspaper cliyi , which she also carried away. If she'j left that I migh t have overlooked its lt. As it was, I found the paper fro hiach it had been cut, secured a cq,e and discovered my clue to the.gle It was an advertisement for theirs of one Hugo Paisley, and I soon founhat the Brierly brothers were the so 5for heirs. Then I knew that nRob Brierly's life was also menaced, warned him, and tried to set a guarbout him. foun ie meantime a boat had been shoot5t far from the scene of the shot~ if }hrl han- cann ,n +1.. in1.,, h rmming. and its occupant was aspy, SeepJ atch up and down the road, and e 'sdes, while his confederate car ra: their programme of death. I Saidy fixed upon the woman, ard no began to look for the man." htlere the man calling himself the.got up stiffly, and moved toward ?h low near the clerk's desk, where he ?'Ci against the casement, as if ,own ipon the street. No one aee.l o no ! ce him, and the narrator . now I had to find my final con vinciproofs of the motive and the dee'ho brothers Brierly were, all un..to themselves the heirs to the Paisltates, and of Hugo Paisley, by desce'Through some error the mur darer;aiales B rierlyjiad boon leodto thll%' the sole living member of the famtnd when Robert Brierly stood fort.ho inquest, the woman who had shot i his brother with hand and hear.teel, fell fainting at the sight of him, perhaps, at the thought of her wastui. f - ",:tiv it was a drawn game, in whi?ch ic sides were forced to move with cai; and, fora time, I could only watch t0 iman, on the one hand, and the saft ?obert Brierly on the other, for he V9ý 3od between the plotters and their g':. "Bu sito my watchfulness, the second ffell, and the first time Robert iSrl ventured upon the city treet a2ic ifter dark, he was struck lown. fa t'at his own door. It was a danger .i ury, and, lest the assassins should `i way to complete their work, we tooaway, as soon as he could be moved. The trmn was sitting very erect now, her eyesmpuldering behind the gleam. ing gl;.es~ her hands tightly clinched upon h kieee. " I lsw that we must force the issue, then," 'e ars went on. "And Mr Myers mnd over here to substantiate his client'sa!in to the Paisley estates, and to lookp the pedigree, the past and pre sent hir r, of the other claimants. How well hiue eeded need nbt hero be told. He dicdeieed." Mrs )tlham had risen to her feet, and, for a mnunt, seemed struggling for com posur.4 the power to speak clearly. " Alhti," she said then, "which is very stngb, does not explain why you disputf?lY laim in favor of a dead man. As fo hi murder-if you have proved what ,arge--" " ?i?poment," Ferrars broke in. "Let ?jdd, in that connection, that one .' 17ne of my agents, in the cha racter' riburglar, entered this woman's roomit her hotel in Glenville. She foundid i trunk, the veil from which the blacksagment, found on the bush, was torn'sn?d also a suit of boy's clothes. The oil she brought away, the clothes werepvcn away to a poor woman only this oraning, and she sold them to my ageni As for the man, he had been tracd by the stolen watch and jewelled ornteCts. He tried to sell, and did paw, t? m in icago, in Niew York, andr'? in London. In fact the chain of cfrdlco is complete ; nothing more is nee:ll to convict these two." r3 woman's face was white and set. S~er all," she said in a hollow voice, ,,?i3 e not proved that the Paisley esois not mine, by right.' Mir Brierly, thiOler, being dead 1" ,,Even so, the second- wife -of Gaston Laths~ cannot inherit, and her brother, even in the character of brother-in-law, cannot share the inheritance. One mo ment," for the woman seemed about to speak. "Let me end this. Last night, in room number eight at a certain cafd, I heard the plotters in conference, and I know that the daughter of Mrs Cramer, who would have inherited after the Brierlys, is dead. The game is p Mr Harry Levey. You and our sister have aimed . two heavy -rokes at the happiness of two noble ,omern, and the lives of two good men, 1ut tue nnal stroke is mine i A(nd now, frs Jamieson, if that is -" He did not h?Ful the sentence. The man Levey had rnwn closer and closer to the inner io,;vwhile Ferrars spoke, and n'ow with iwiit spariih?.he hurled himself againist 1ý pilunged forward- and :vould have fa"1: {hed-'not Ferrars, always alert, -brud after him and caught him as he i-nner door had opened sud hisat' touch, and when Ferrars dr 1 notruggling man backward, n fren it, the others in the room ifde sideo orway, a man and woman ot smna f Robert Brierly's face the denun a~r0 had faced the ordeal of out a and conviction almost with sttotiasi %threw up her haids, and sh1 lcream, a cry of mortal terror and anguish, fell forward,.upon her face., *-- Then came a moment of excited move-. ment, which would have been confu?son but: for the quick wit of Ruth Glidden, and'the coolness and energy of the detec tire. While the entrapped villain was strug gling like a fiend in the grasp- of four strong men, Ruth knelt beside the fallen woman and lifted her head. The next;moment two or three officers came hastening in, and Ferrars and Brierly, seeing their captive in safe hands, came together "to her aid She looked up at them with a questioning face. 'Did''you know 1" she asked, her face full of horror.. "Did you know her I" Ferrars nodded, and as the officers led their captive, cursing and blustering, out at one door, he lif*ed the senseless woman, and carried her to the couch in the inner room. "Bring water 1" Ruth commanded, "and leave her to me." As the two men,:closed the door be tween them and the two so strangely dif ferent women, Brierly laid a hand upon the detective's shoulder. " Ferrars," he said, "what did Ruth mean? Who is that terrible woman ? And how is she concerned in your story ? It is time that I should know the truth." " Quite time. That woman is Mrs Jamieson, or the person you knew under that name. She is cleverly disguised, but I expected some such trick. She went to ' the States' to 'rid herself of you and your brother; and she took that man, who is really her own brother, and who tried to kill you, as her fellow criminal." "And did she-" Brierly stopped, shuddering. " She shot your brother: there is not a doubt of it." "My God ! And I thought---" They were alone in the office, and Brierly dropped weakly into .the nearest chair and dropped his face upon his hands. "You thought," finished Ferrars, " that I was interested in the woman. I was. I suspected her from the very first, and so did Hilda Grant." In the inner room Mrs Jamieson opened her eyes and looked up to meet the gaze of the fair woman who was in all things what she was not. Ruth bent over, a glass of water in her hand. " Drink this, Mrs Jamieson," she said simply. A shudder like a death throe shook the recumbent form. She lifted herself by one elbow, and caught at the glass, drinking greedily. Then, still holding the glass, she said slowly " Then you know me l" " Yes." " How ?" " By your voice, a little, but mostly by what Mr Ferrars said." "Mr Ferrars !" she gasped. "Do you mean him?" " I mean the man you have called Grant. Did you never guess that he was a detective I" " And he knew ?" And the woman arose to her full height, and again, as on a night long since, and in another coun try, her arms were tossed above her head, as Ruth nodded her answer, and for a moment her face was awful to look upon; so tortured, so despairing, so full of wrath and wretchedness and soul torture and heart agony, for women can love and suffer, though their souls be steeped in crime. Ruth, who had taken the half emptied glass from her hand as she struggled to her feet, now put it down, and, startled by her look and manner, moved towards the door, but the woman, her face ghastly, cried "Stopl" with such ago nised entreaty that the girl drew back. " Don't 1-I can't see him yet-Wait I -Lot me--" She sank weakly back upon the couch, and Ruth noted, while tpring away for a momont, how hor hand toyed with her daiinty watohguard, in seeming self.forgetfulness, drawing forth the little watch, a moment 1ater, and looking at it, as if the time-was now of importance. Then she threw herself back against the cushions. "My-vinaigrette-my bag I' she moaned between gasping breaths. The little bag had been left in the outer office, where it had fallen from her lap, and Ruth opened the door of com munication a little way and asked for it, saying, as Ferrars came towards her, "Not yet." As Ruth turned back, she heard a sharp little click, like the quick shutting of a watch-case, and when she held out the vinaigrette, Mrs Jamieson was swal lowing the remainder of the water in the glass. h" Your salts, lors Jamleson. The woman looked up with a v ild scared look in her eyes, and held out, for an instant, the little jewelled watch. "tFor years," she said, in a slow, strange monotone, " I have faced and feared danger, and failure. For years I have been prepared! Because of my cowardice, and my conscience, I have always kept a way of escape." Her: fin. gers fluttered aimlessly and the watch fell upon her lap. Her last words seemed, to come through stiffening lips. Her face grew suddenly ghostly grey. Ruth sprang. towards the door. " Don't let him.come yet." With these words. the dying woman seemed to col lapse, and sank limply back into the cushions; her head drooped, her chin dropped. Ruth flung open- the door with a cry of terror, and the four men-for the two lawyers had returned from their escort duty-gathered about the couch. They saw a shudder pass over the limp frame. The fingers fluttered again feebly, there was a spasmodic stiffening of the figure and that was the end, Four weeks later a group of people were standing upon the deck of a home ward bound steamer, about to set out upon her ocean voyage. " They were five in number, and they were welcoming, each in turn, the man who had just joined them. There had been a quiet wedding, a few days before, at a little English. church, and Ruth Glidden had become Ruth Brierly as simply as if she were not an heiress, and her newly-made husband not the - owner of English lands, houses, stocks, and factories, that changed him into a millionaire. "1. see no good reason. for delay," Brierly was saying, as he grasped the hand of Ferrars, whose congratulations had been hearty and sincere. Neither of us have need to consalt aught save our own wishes ; and besides our nearest friends are with us," "Besides," interposed the smiling woman at his side, " we have been an in cumbrance upon Mr and Mrs Myers. for so long-and it was really the only con ventional way to relieve them of so m'any charges. And then "-hero she lowered her tone, and glanced towards Hilda Grant, who, having already-greeted Fer rars, was standing a little. aloof-" we can now, make a home for. Hilda, and have a double claim on her." " In all of which you have done well," smiled Ferrars. '' My only regret is that I must bring into this parting moment an .unpleasant element, but you may as well hear it from me." Be beckoned the 'others to approach ; and, when they were close about him, said, speaking low and gravely: " 'Quarrelsome Harry' has escaped the punishment of the law." " Escaped I" It was Mr Myers who repeated the wcrd. "Do you mean-?" "I mean that he is dead. He was shot while.trying to escape. He had feigned illness so well that they were taking him to the hospital department. He tried a rush and a surprise, but it ended fatally for him. He was shot while resisting re arrest." " It is better so," said Mr Myers. " They have been their own executioners. What could the law have added to their punishment 4" "Only the law's delays,'.' said Ferrars, and then he turned to Hilda Grant. " This is not a long good-bye," lie said gently. "At least I hope not. I shall be back in ' the States' soon. And, may I not still find a cousin there ? Or must I stand again outside the barrier alone 4" "You will always find an affectionate cousin," said Hilda, putting out her hand. And row it was time to leave the ship. All round them was the hurry of delayed farewells, the bustle of late comers, the shifting of baggage, smiles, tears, last words. Ferrars would remain for a time in London, but he knew, as he answered to the call "all ashore," that when hereturned to the United States he would find in one of her fair western cities, a warm welcome and a lasting friendship. The plot, by which the beautiful tigress hearted woman whom they had'known as Mrs Jamieson had hoped to achieve riches, was cleverly' planned. The real claimant had died in a remote place, and there were no near friends to look after her interests, or those .of her young children. And then Harry Levey's sister, beautiful, and an "adventuress, from in I umLluer, nLi u uoguuea Gaston Latham, and had, by frequent changes of abode, by cunning, and by fraud, merged her own personality into that of the former wife. Then had come the baffling discovery of heirs in America, the plotting and..scheming to remove them from their path--and the shameful end. "Ferrara is a strange fellow," said Robert Brierly to his wife, one moonlight night, as they sat togethfe,.and somewhat aloof from the others on deck. " Do you know he was the sole attendant, except for her servants,.at that woman's burial. He went in a carriage alone. Was it from sentiment, or sympathy, think you ?" It was the first time' the dead woman had been spoken of, by either, since that trying day of. her exposure and death, and Ruth was silent a moment, before she answered; the awful scene coming vividly before her. Then she put hern hand within her husband's arm, and said, slowly, softly " It was because he is a good man; because she was a woman without a friend, and because she loved him." / There was a long silence, and it w, Ruth who next spoke. " Hare you ever thought, or hopedl that the friendship and trust that has grown out of Hilda's relation to Mil Ferrars might, sometime, end in somej thing more ?" "No, dear, and this is why: Yester day, Ferrars said to me ' There is a friend over in Glenville whom I hope you will not forget. Let him be your guest. And, if the day should come when your sweet sister that was to be should enter society and be sought by others, give the doctor his chance. He has loved her from the first.'-' Ruth sighed. "Hilda is too young to go through the'world loveless and alone. Yes, and too sweet. And the doctor is a noble nan. But all this we may safely leave ;.thafutpre, and to their own hearts." Tr iH END. -" - 