A SURPLUS OF £122,000. One fact in connection with public affairs which stands out in relief and affords ground £or up- mixed gratification is- the sound and highly satisfactory state of - the public finances. Here ' Mr. Eeid iB at any rate . on safe ground, and his freetrader policy is splendidly vindicated by experience. In the Assembly the other night, during; the Treasurer's interim financial statement, someone asked Mr. Beidif he could make the promised subsidy to the municipalities 5s in the £ instead, of 2s 6d. The Treasurer shook hie head and gare a decided negative to the inquiry % but . it seems ke didn't know how well he was to be off by the end of the year. His surplus tarns out te be so very much greater than he expected that he now finds he oan make the municipal grant 5s. This will be especially wel ceme to the municipalities, but it will be gener ally acceptable aa indicating the sonndaees of the country's financial position and the elasticity of its resources. Mr. Eeid is in the fortunate position of having to announce, as Treasurer, a surplus for the financial year of .£122,211. This, after three years of drought, with its attendant loss of stock, wool, and agricultural and mining products, can be regarded aa a triumphant vindication of the financial policy of the country, and, further, ib the best testimony to the economical adminis tration of the public funds. Mr. Eeid has now been four years in office, and at the end of each year he bas been able to show a sur plus. His 5b subsidy to the municipalities will absorb .£65,000. His revenue for the year was .£9,482,000, or an increase of £165,000 over the income for: 1896-7. The publication of so favorable a statement can not fail to have a healthy influence in commercial and industrial circles, And to increase the con fidence felt in New South Wales by. the' public creditor and by investors generally. The 'Soudan Donkey' has gone where donkeys of all sorts cease from troubling, and where, it is to be hoped, the; are equally at rest. The death of that historic anima], in those quarters in the Zoo to which it was/coneigned after its xeturn from the ' wars,' and where it has remained ever since, is announced this morning. It was, indeed, in a figurative sense pretty well ridden to death many a day ago by those 'funny' men who used to so regularly bestride it, and with such apparent enjoyment to themselves, if not exactly . to their readers. Certainly the creature was' the unconscious cause of more jokes of the distress ingly wooden and inschanioal pattern than have 'been produced --if any other 'given subject ijjythe local manufacturers of the article. T«t, para doxical as the assertion may appear, they were, and are— for the tribe flourishes «tiU among us — broad minded men in their way. They may, in fact, be said to have, in their own particular manner, already anticipated that British- American union of hearts^ which is now soaiucb talked about, by carefully modelling themselves on American patterns and providing a choice selection of the stock phrases of the up to-date American 'humorists' as an indispensable part of their equipment. No doubt, they Trill improve this final opportunity of reverting to the old familiar theme. A piece of news is' announced this morning which hereafter may be remembered as having marked a great historic event. America is to retain the Piuiippines. '?? At least it is- stated that the instructions given to General Wesley Merritt who recently left San Francisco ' with Ame rican troops lor, those |- iBlarids, .indi cate an intention on , the part of the American Government to do «b. Bad :to institute a more humane and generous rule. ? If that idea be carried out, America will ?definitely take her place' dmorig the great powers of that outside world, in relation with *' which 'she has hitherto virtually been , a '^. separate V.orld in herself. ?. It must undoubtedly': have a disturbing ?Sect on the calculations of jtuost of the statesmen of the Eurrpean Qo&tin-; ent,aD-i make them contemplate the futurfe from altogether, new 'points i of ?Jwew. It; -if worth; .yjbflia , at. .thV pr^Beut;. moment to. recall the fact that,, a few -nionthB ago, the oCtoiirp tnanaer-iniOhief . :'p\ -'?'?; the- A™ei:»cj-ii. ' ,/£t'mj^,. General MileSj wrote ia. remarkable articl^ io.A tke . ??/^iJ««*i'::'.;«itBieiio»u: -^irtjMiW,*'^ 'Am- '''?'?- ,-?? ? ? '?'? ' '????. . : ? ??- ' V- '.:???:' .'?~^o'\\--: ' to''^«&^;inte^fe-H::;thVl1Ew: ^last.; ^« epecial subject of his comments was furnished by the condition of China, and the probable com plete break-up of that ancient empire. He tinted in. .joretty ^strong , tenna . his . belief that America cdnidinot any longer afford to stand by and have no -voice as to how matters mightlje ordered in€hina a»d/adjacent quarters by*±h*[*European nations who were bestirring,; themBelTe^, bo s-ctively there, no doubt with a view to securing as_big shares as possible in any *? whacking ont ' arrangeni^hts ?-' that' ' might be decided on if tike Chinese Sick Man should aotually give up: the ghost. Anyhow; the idea that America must step out of her seclusion, and cause her influence to be felt all round .seems ; to hare been gathering strength among General Miles's countrymen. That it will continue to J prevail is Tendered highly pro '.-able from the fact that it rests at once on a freshly awakened national sentiment, and at the tame time ' on a basis of national interest, or at least what is believed to be such. Of all .the outside nations beside whom America, if the Manila scheme be adhered to, must soon, assume a prominent position. Great Britain has, it is to he imagined, the least to fear; and indeed the most to hope, from the pre sence of such a competitor. West Australia seems still to preserve some famous old ideas that have vanished from more civiiiEed communities, for there actually are com munities that are more advanced than the land of wild catB, although the in habitants do not think so. An unhappy man murdered his wife and com mitted suicide, and the coroner ordered the bodies to be left lying where they were cniil the jury viewed them. A policeman was also reprimanded tor removing, the knife with which the deed was done trom the hand of the dead man.. A -luckless constable had to watch the bodies all -through a tempestuous night of wind and'' rain, and it is a wonder that the suicide's body was not buried at midnight at cross roads with a stake through it. This old supersti tion that a. deadtiody must not be touched still survives in some primitive districts, but one would not expect to find it in the capital of an Australian colony. Long ago in Queensland an unfortunate China man, : who cut his threat, was left to bleed to death, not through Callousness, but simply because some wiseacre stated that awful legal penalties would befall anyone who approached him ; ifcut nioBt people, other than West Austra lian coroners, know better now. In a place where such, old time notions still linger, one is not surprised that the man's sod, a mere boy, who found the bodies, went round, according to his evidence, and endeavored to earn an' honest penny by selling the information as an interest ing item to the two daily papers, before reporting to the police. A cablegram to-day states that Mr. Elliot, the editor -of the ' Edinburgh Eeview,' '-has been elected a member of the House of Commons. The new member may indeed be said to have thus, perpetuated^ or rather revived, the traditions associate! with the famous periodical of which he is now the directing genius. Of course everybody knows that the most brilliant of all the contributors to the pages of the 'blue and yellow/' Macaulay, found, through bis connection with it, an easier entrance- to that parliamentary career which was so distinguished a one for him. But people in general, perhaps, do not so readily call to mind the fact that the first editor of the ' Edinburgh,' Francis Jeffrey, was also a con spicuous figure in the British Parliament. 