BRAVE BESISIE9© (S^iRiaST^aS EWSD A; TRUE AUSTRALIAN STOEY. ::;/ [By;S. KTwiss.],,; :._ ? : .You have all heard, no doubt, of those brave explorers Burke and Wills, who in 1860 travelled from Melbourne to the north of Australia, passing Mount Hopele.-s and Cooper's Creek and th? Willochra m South Australia, aud who died of starvation and fatigue on the return 'journey when only a. few miles from a creek of frc;sh water and provisions. They were, in fact, only thrc-e iiiile^ from a c reek of fresh water, but, unfortunately, they turned their steps in an opposite direction from the very thing they wanted most. I do not mean to tell you now all their terribly sad and yet beautiful story. You will find some old people, probably,; who will be able to do so, for there must be many who remsmoer the ill-fated- Burke and Wills Expedition, and who will be glad t'- ted you of the brave struggle and the braver ctaath cf those noble men. I want to toll you about some other . brave peopL'j not only men, but women and little children, who suffered many things in th.2 early days; of thi3 colony from fear oi tha blacks, and from want of very many things which we think it quite impossible to Io without. About forty years ago a gentl-man nara d Wild came from England with his wife, ant settled on a station in the Far N';.»rth, not many miles from the Wil lochra Creek, and only a short distance from tlv? svot where Burke died. Oft*n his- children -used fo visit the gum tree, that was pointed out to them by the blacks as being the one under which the poor fellow, when he was no longer able to walk, calmly lay down to difj, after saying good-bye to his one remaining follower — the faithful John King. How eagerly these little sun-browned children listened to the simple twlcs of the natives, who had helped to bury Wills, and who had kept King with them aud shared with him their nardoo till the relief party came from Melbourne and took him 'home. Bessie, aged 12, the eldest of the family, dearly loved t- hear thir old bla.;k man, ' Fommie,' expl;an how ' Poor white fellow f ill down longa here. Him no jump up any more. . Him no more e=it nardoo.' Several of the natives lived on Mr. Wild's station, and helped with the work in a small way, and, being kindly tre ited by the squatter and his family, proved most faithful servants. Bessie herself has told me many a funny tale of the doings and 'sayings of old Tommift, who gave many proofs of his devotion to his master. .Some miles from the sta-ion ih.-re were tribes of savage and treacherous blacks, who would not hesitate to sppar any u whit3 fellow' who came in their; way, and when first Mr. Wild- came to the station they gave him a great deal of trouble. For several years, however, they had kept away from the home station, and the only thing they did was to spear a sheep or two when too lazy to hunt kangaroos or opossums. Amongst Mr. Wild's natives was an old lubra who wag eteatly attached to the family, though she belonged to a tribe which lived a long way from the station, and who were often at war with the Cooper's Creek blacks. This old creature used sometimes to go away and sky' for a few days with her own people,. and when ?he returned used to generally have a great deal to say of the doing'3 of the blacks, sometimes telling the truth, but more often drawing very largely on her imagination in describing fights and corroborees and suchlike Early one morning— »it was the morning of Christ mas Eve — old Rosie came stealing into the kitchen, where Mrs. Wild and Bessie were getting things ready for next day's dinner and the little boys were stoning raisins for the usual Christmas pudding She— -Kosie — had been away for two days, and Mrs. Wild was glad to have her back again to help with the extra work which Christmas always brings, Instead of her usual flow of talk Rosie was very silent, and almost scared and nervous- looking. In a few moments she beckoned Mrs'.. Wild, outside the kitchen door, and Bessie, watching through the window, saw the lubra pointing in the direction of the creek &nd; whispering in s very excited kind of way to her mother, whose face grew suddenly pale. ' What can be the matter ? ' thought Bessie ; ' I wonder if it's blacks ? ' She glanced at : her two little brothers who were seated on the floor, one on each side of a bench, eating as many raisins as they stoned, and talking about Santa Claus, wonder ing wha,t the good old fellow would put in their stockings that night. ' I hope he won't put any raisins in,' said Dick ; ' I've had ju?t about enough of them now. Haven't you,. Percy?' Before Percy had time to reply, their mother came in, with Rosie close behind her, and said — ' Children, listen to me. Your father will not be home till even ing, perhaps not till to-morrow morning, and the blacks from the north intend coming here to-day. Rosie has just told m3 that she heard from some of her friends that there are large, numbers of them marching down the creek even now. Oh, what shall we do ? ' ' I'll shoot them, moth»r, if they come here,' said little Percy, jumping up and trying t » look brave—though his heart beat, oh so quickly. ' I'll shoot every man jack of them, s?e if I don't,' As Percy t?a3 only eight, this valiant speech did not give his mother much, comfort. ' Let us bide under the bed,' said ten year-old Dick, who, having catena large quantity of raisins, did not feel in the humor for fighting, and -vide»tly thought th-vt ' the letter part of valor was di.-cret;on.' Mr. Wild had started to go to the nearest township for stores some days before, leaving an old Irish man, who had been many years in his service, to look after Mrs. Wild and io see t - things in general about the house. Unfortunately, Mick was as much afraid of blacks as he was of ghosts, and, :is all the other men w^re in distant p.irts of the run attending t- their work, th? situation of the family seemed desperate. Evi-n i'ommi ? had b- en sent out to- one of the shephrrd's huts with provisions ihe day before and could not possibly return till night. They must do some thing, and that quickly. Poor Mrs. Wild sat down to think. How could they resist a horde of cruel blacks, bent on murder and plunder? They must fly, but wlvre ? The nearest stalion to their own was sixteen mile^ away, further ] down the creek. If they could walk so far, and if they could elude the keen scent of their enemies ; if ? =~, but it S'-erned ali.no.-t impossible. Ro: ie began io «row impatient. ' Missa,' she -aid trembling as she spoke, ' black&llow; conin down akonga ere. k, come dawn alonga ranges, killum whitefedlow pic caninny. iViissa, you walk alonga cre^k. talcum piccaninny, shut up doors, m-- walk alunga- creek too; Black fallow soon come --wantam piccaninny fat.' Poor mother. She felt sick and; faint. What if her darlings were killed before her eyes.; The thought was too horrible. ' They won't' get my fat, anyway, Rosie,' said Bessie afc last with a Kttle laugh, which had,- however, a suspicious break in it. ' Motherj dear, let us do as Rosie s-ya. Fll call Mick, and we-li steal off dawn to the creek and hide in the scrub. The blacks- must have known that father and- the men were awsy. Mick is in the workshop. He is not much good to fight, but he'll carry the boys if they get very tired. We may have a long way to go.' ' Bessie, dear child, how brave you are,' said her mother, starting up. ' I am ashamed of myself. Yes, you are right, we may even be out all night. R-;sie, fill the waterbag, and put some bread aad vmat in a basket, quick. Boy?, put your coats on,' and Bessie, take sosue wraps — though- the days are warm the nights are chiliy;'.' Their few preparations- were soon made, the fire was put; out, ;md the windows made a3 secure as possible. There were only four rooms in the u wattle- and-d:ib ' house, and two doors, one at the back and the other in the front. Both doors fastened- on the in side with an iron bolt, but there was no way of fastening them from the outside. While they were considering how this difficulty could be overcome Mick rushed intj the kitchen, exclaiming ' Oh, Saints purtect us, ma'am, but the black- heathens are coming. It's mesclf..' that saw them just beyant the bind of the creek. Yerea, it's killed, we'll all be this blessed day!' ' Bessie,' said Mrs. Wild- ' we can not leave the door open, or- the blacks will steal everything in thelisuse. What is to de done 1 ' Bessie shooksher head. She could think of nothing just then. ' Only it's ineself that's so mighty big,' said Mick, ' I would' fasten the dim; iuside aud then jump' out uv the window ; but the windows are too small entirely for the Likes of me to squeeze through.' 'But not too small for; me,' said Bessie, quickly. ' Mother,-, you and Mick and' the boys follow. Rosie. I'll %i:\j behind and fasten the door safely, then I can easily squeeze out through the kitchen window, as I'm. so small.' 'My darling1, I would much rather we started together,' said ; her mother, « but ?««»--=. ' ??-?'? ' Sure, lm'aru, it'a no- time we have to spare talking about it,' said Mick. ' Thim black gintlcmen can walk fa-ter than the little ones here, and I thiuk we had belter be moviu' on.' ' Ye?, go, motbeiy dear.. I'll soon, follow,' said Bess;e. ' I'll only, be a. uiiuute or two behind you,' and, to save further argument, the brave- little girl i-tepped back, into the kitchen and fastened the door securely on the inside. Just before climbing out, of the window «she discovered- that in their lia=te they had forgotten to fasten th^ window -f iv-r father's-' office. '* I must be careful about- this,' she said to herself. 'As this one is a lutle L-.rger than the others they might mmnge to creep through.' She quickly el mbed upon a stool sons to reach the bolt which 'secured the ? window, at the top, but what was her horror when she saw coming rapidly in ?f.ho direction of the house another party oi bla ks, besides fhose which Mick had seen further off. Escape was how im possible. She quickly- hurried io the kitchen and looked out. There was no sign of mother and the others. They had disappeared behind a thick belt 01 scrub not far from, the ' hon?.e. Be-;sie iioped they had not been noticed by the natives. She climbed upon the kitchen, tabl?, which was drawn clese to the wall, and opened the tiny window. 'Where would she rnn to i£ she got out?' she asked herself. Her heart was thumping ag--mist her side, her knees felt weak and shaky, ' and her hands* trembled as she ronem bertd Riosie'sword'sraiboutllisrpi ccaninnyV . fat. . Were- they, after' all, ge-iVg* to have her fat?- Horrible 't&nigbo;, S he must hesit.ite no longer, -She rrosk! creep out, then steal' r-Dun3- to ikv- other side of the hov&e;, run alon^ihe gp,*& ?.? fruqe,, and soon Bb in the 'sSel&er; of the thick pines. Obj how she- wished1 hef des? father were?' near,, Sire dre^ s Jong* breath, and with' is little, vhildhh c?^ for help to the great All Mither she- put her head aa!i shculdsfs- ehroKga ^he1 : window. .: Whiz i M greai boosuerang .fear past her, almcaS 'taiichingrMr Hair, .Sb& . . qaickly drew fii her head, i-slsut the- wib 'dow; ' and ' crbtfefied dowii- cSose to.tboJ wsll. Had ths1 natives sean '? h-Sty .&&&?? ? wondered, or hctdtlieyorj;|--tKrow2'at-a ?? venture? She coald not tell. §'ae* only hoped and prajed that Itiy otJiersf were safe. Perhapp- if the blmh^thoughfe^ that anyone was ia tlae houss- i¥ej wohJc^ stay about the pkss for an hjoat- GT- tm*^ . and tsus give the oiliers ti'ms ? ai) get~.gs^~- guuu uisiance aoT?-a tm.e ortziQ, sf&iT;~~ -\ little- Bessie felt terribly lonely,-, as th&s;»-' minutos ? passed and; she heard iao sounds ' At lasc-- she could bear the susptaise '-bos- longer, so she got up and pee-p^-out-oC' . the window. Therefore thirty ^r-air.tj' natives snrrounding- tbe houss^1, sok6*» sitting .sad some.stasidibgabouii in- ihe^ yard. It.v/as quite plam that fe'^^musfe stay -where she waa fc? - tbe present,- .brife- she felt Stieh a horrid,. disagreeable- lutnp^ rise in he? throat, and- her ? br'ow-W ? eyes*~ filled with^ears, which ? sM was.altnesfe afraid-to let fall, whe-n she -reflect-id thafc perhaps- siie would hays to spend-1 this* day, and night, too, alone, suiTCundecL. by savages. 'I shall -not cry, X. sliall not cry,' she; said to herself .as -she- sete her teeth and put ap her hands to p?ess: back that nasty -lump in her- poor little throat. One thought sustained5 the? brave little soul thvou^-- the-.- wea?^ hours that fo.Bowed. Ths? thought t^fe she had mosfc likely- by showing./ bes~ face at .-the- window kept the blacks from* searching for tracks and- following .tiseas runswayFo _ She, -was right ; .the besiegers sa&- pected that, someone was iu ,the h'onsg^ and determined to ? watch1, a a longp as they, could. If men wem'in.ths^ house, they would be likely -to have- Srfi— arms, so they deemed it prudent. not ±-&\- ; come too. close. If i they were womeik only, they: knev/ they would-: raalke 'ji'cbx sign, . and .them pkn was to wait tilH . night before making ?, any . &ttav;*k.. J5y that rime, they were sure to know,. whoiE- the house contained^ for n en, would ' show fight ' ' long., before the d£y wa'^? over ;. but. women would wait. till dark — ness came, and try-. to. make -hsir escag^ . The hours dragged .^wearily on. Would those dreadful blacks ever gGa away ?, Poor .Bessie never imagined tbafew a single-day. could be so l&ng;? '.- it wsss& about 8 o'clock in, the morain-g y?])exi th-s&''' blacks first: made their apgt-a-ran§e, aa'd^: at 5^ o'clock they showed--.no. signs ai^'1 moving. She began to think feh&Bg; something, mast be wrong wkh t'he Mt^' ohen clock,. .because the haada se.^in«d tf - go round; so slowly... All dayv she safc crouched up agaF# 4gtr. the wall under- the table^ and tc-wsg ;ds- ? evening whea the shadinvg begao; to- lengthen, and it- got rather dm-k 23 . the. kitchen, she ventured to stand fif ) and s i retch. ? har cramppd aud aching,1 iimba. She was -hungry, too, having hiidi a othing to eat since her 7 o'clock brealdaf ,t. 'I need noti starve even il I am a'pj isoner^*' she s;ud, : as she cat herself e-df hq bread; ;ind butter and took a dvhi?j of mitk^ ?' I'll have a good meal, fas- 1: pi^ht get a chaiice to snoak out, %?? jt-n it o-etB darker ;? aiui I shall x-r dUt all my sir^ngth to ran as tar i as the creek. Oh dear., I wonder wW.,-e iacither and the -boys are. I should ,f.,hink that Miclt 'would be able- to g^V them across .ih» creek and oa towards, 'Duncan's station before night.' Soon the sun set The short twilight fad-d. The long eb .adows of the house and the sheds and the pi-ie trees met. Stdl the bkokf ellows kept watch. ' Surely they ffitft be hungry,'? thought Bessie, and the* she shuddered. What if they broka f 'nto the housie aud founcS ! h.er, and— aad-' _ Oh, it' was dreadful 5 to. think of. ' She must try to get away. That awkws r,| iump camp 'i^to h^s throat ftgair'i, and tears filled the brave, brown ?yv 3 ? but she 'quickly1 dashed them aw ay, and, picking up her suu honaetj she put it on and fi-;d the brings in a tight bow with a very determined air. ..] ? '?.'!' shall not stay.iiereto be eaten,' .she whis|3ered to herself, with a little stamp 0? her foot, just to keep up her .?failing courage. 'I must try to slip ..oat of the window.'' Once more she climbed on the table. It was too dark i?j this time to see far from the house, '.?and her dusky enemies might be very t&ar.; Still she felt she could bear imprisonment and loneliness no longer, , sa softly opening the window she crept ?oat, slid gently down, and, crouching ?close to the wall, made her wa? as ?quickly as her trembling legs could esiTj her to the paling fence which sur rounded the garden and house . Creep ing under the slip-panel she, still on her -ifeauds and knees, reached the shelter ot the pines, wLich were not far off. Her fceart thumped so dreadfully that she felt eick and faint, and her lips trembled so thai she was forced to sit down for a few itnoinents. Just as she was about to .steal gently away, she saw the bright ♦light or a fire which the blacks had Idndled close to the woolshed. She had ^eot been, a moment too soon in escaping iVbm the house. By the light of their file they would most certainly have seen -tier, and she would not have dared to veniure out. a Very likely they are going to roast &~ 'possum,' said Bessie, ' and if so, I shall have all the better chance of get tlBg away.' . Fear lent wmgs to her feet, and be fore long she was out of hearing of the lilacks, flying through ? the thick pines . .^loBg the rough, narrow path which ran -along the creek to the ford, nine miles farther on. She walked and ran so ' quickly at first that before she had gone '.^jcsrter of the distance she felt so weary ;^Ehat nothing but the fear of being over -3Ea£en by her enemies could have kept -?Ik? up. Once or twice she stopped and f^ld her breath when she heard a twig \- eaep, o* an opossum run down a tree, -.softer she had run and walked about 0wc miles the moon began to rise, and -^pugh she was glad of her friendly light she knew there was more danger . ol feeing seen should there be any blacks ftbout. We all know how a shadow will frighten us sometimes, and it is no wonder that Bessie's short shadow falling vfetT her side startled her at times as she ^Iprned through the lonely scrub, stum yfpfog in her haste over roots and low Stamps, tenified at the sound of her fcblsteps, which, in her frightened faacy, seemed so very loud. Still, on fifia straggled bravely, never pausing for a taoment'a rest. The moon rose slowly ftp and up above the solemn, greyish 401118 trees, and by the increasing light \t!*e-littl3 girl was able to walk with *auch less stumbling until about six .fciles of the distance were covered. Her ijSfcaek ached, her legs ached, and her ^6et vreref.oh, so sore, and she was just . pondering if it would be safe to rest for /a;|ainute on a- fallen log which was close ?#a\the track, when she heard a sound th'aVrnads her heart stand still. / '.'Stirely there were footsteps. if ? Could it be the blacks ? She held ? fear breath and listened. She heard i voices ;}. they came nearer and nearer, falling-- on her knees in the shadow of a . shrub she listened. They did not ...sound like the voices of the natives. ? Oii/It seemed too goed to be true, but ,jsta thought she recognised the broad -.brogue of dear old Mieic. Yes, there ?was r.o mistaking it, and all her troubles tyere over for the present. She sjjrang .to. her feet and rushed along the path, : -almost; falling into the arms of the orerjoyed Mick. ,*? 'Sure, an' it's meself that's glad to fisee yees, Miss Bessie,' lie exclaimed. 1 taking the trembling child in his arms. *? An' it's Michael that's the proud men this night. It's glad, too, the missis will be ; for not a wink of slape would . she have had this blessid night if. we had' not got some news of yees.' Mr Duncan, the owner of the next station, and some of his men had accompanied Mick, some on foot, and some on horseback. Bessie was soon lifted to the front of Mr Duncan's saddle, and the party retraced their steps in high spirits at having such good news to take back to the almost rant'C mother. When aa hour or two later, Bessie found herself seated by her mother's side ia Mr Duncan's dining room she almost fancied that the experi ence of that day and night was a dread ful dream, or that it had all happened to some other little girl for whom she felt very sorry. When Mrs Wild and the children, with Mick and the lubra, left the house in the morning they quite expected that Bessie would overtake them in a few minutes, and, still hoping, they hurried on through the pine scrub in the direc tion of the creek. They had not seni the blacks which were nearest to the house, for they were behind the pines when they — the blacks —emerged from the shelter of the wool sheds. Mick proposed crossiag the creek as soon as possible, so as to leave no tracks for the keen-scented natives to follow, aud, as the creek was too deep for the children and Mrs Wild to wade, Mick decided to swim across in the chance of finding a stray horse that would carry the rest of the party over. This he succeeded in doing. Mrs Wild and ths little boys : were as much at home on the back of a horse as on their own teet, and they were soon safe on the other side of: the creek. There they waited for some, considerable time, expecting to see Bessie coming through -the scrub to-' wards the creek, but no Bessie camels, sight. The poor mother was nearly' distracted,., and refused to move from the . place, until Mick, who had risen to the occasion in a most unexpected way, in sisted on ? putting Dick and Percy on the back of the old saddle hack that had carried them through the creek, and sending them under the guidance of Rosie, who knew the track well, in the direction, of Mr Duncan's house. 'Would ye be having thim black spal peens spearing the- lot ov us, mam ?' he said. ' Isn't it- better that some of us thry to get as far as Duncan's, and get some of their min to go back and search for Miss Bessie? What could you, a lone woman, do agin thim all ? And I'm thinkin' it's safe the darlin' is, hidin' away quite cunnin' like, till some one comes to help her. And more than that, mam, won't the Blesid Virgin her self kape watch over her, and Her Blessed Child too, this holy Christmas time?' Clearly, staying where they were could do no good; going forward might. So very sadly poor Mrs Wild turned to follow Rosie and the boys. It was a weary, weary tramp in the hot sand through the scrub and across the dry scorched plain to Mr Duncan's house, which they reached late in the afternoon. Many and many a time they stopped and looked back, straining their eyes in vain for sight of the brave little Bessie, but no Bessie was to be seen. .... . ?? As soon as Mr Duncan -heard Mrs': Wild's story, he sent to the men's quar ters, telling them to get horses ready at once, and with all the firearms they had, to look for Bessie. They quite expected to have an encounter with the natives, out had little hope of bringing Mrs Wild's little girl back to her. They thought she must have fallen into the hands of the savages, for where else oould she be, unless in her haste and fright she missed the path to the oreek. and was wandering about the scrub. Words fail to express their surprise and joy srliea .they foutid her safe ;and un hurt, bufc weary and footsore, about half way between her own home and . Mr Duncan's. The nexfc day Mr Wild himself re turned, having been detained on the road for some hours owing to the lame ness of one of his hordes. When he called at Mr Duncan's on his way home he was greatly astonished to find his whole family there, and more astonished still to hear of their unpleasant adven tures. However, 'all's well that ends well,' and every one had a merry Christmas after all. Yery early that morning some of the station hands rode across to interview the black visitors at 'Mr Wild's house, but they soon made off as fast as their thin black legs could carry them. Not, however, before they had received amongst them a few charges of saltpetre and split peas. Bessie laughed very heartily when she told me this, but she said that the blacks who once got a charge of this kind in their bodies would not be likely to forget it in a hurry. Percy and Dick wondered how 'Poor old Saata' fared on Christmas Eve when he came to pay his usual visit to their stockings, but after talking the matter over for some time with Bessie they came to- the conclusion that as Santa Claus was a ' sort of kind of : fairy' the blacks would not notice Mai. Great was their astonishment when on waking in the morning at Mrs Dun ? can's they found their stockings just as full of goodies as the stockings ot the little Duncans', who slept in the same ?room. ' . '?'.']? ?' How jolly funny !' said Percy. ' Santa must have known we were here. 1 think he's a very clever sort of a. fairy, doa't you, Dickie ?' ; /: .' .. Hot only .Dick, but all the- children agreed with Percy in thinking that 'Santa Claus y?&s; indeed the very cleverest of all clever fairies, and I am ? sure that you, dear children, who read 1 this story of Bessie's Christmas think 'so too. ? ? ' ? ' ?'[ ' It may interest you to know that when Bessie told me this story she was a grandmother. Bone' of her children ; was ever tired of listening to the many stales she used to tell on lovely moonlit summer nights, when they all sat out in thecool, scented garden, and it was on ?one of these nights that I joined the party and heard her toll how she boltarl the kitchen door so many years before. 