IMPVMHGER. V [OpWklOMT.] Tbrilliii lufittns of tie Basbraaging Times. Keenan's Ghost. BY CAPTAIN LACIE. IN FIVE PARTS. PERIOD, 1846. PART II. ' If these trees could only talk,' mur mured Keenan, ' whet * great deal mure we ahould know. That Dig fellow could tell oi all about the poor wretch betide it. .-At any rate, he couldn't hare died of thirtt,' be went on as be waded a email creek to oontinue hit work. ' There ia water enough about here to iwim a ?hip if it waa all gathered together. Tbey say thint ia the worst kind ol death to meet, bnt I auppoae it'a alt the MM in the end. It night have been \- hanger, though that's not Tory likely, u there ia a little food aboat here— if one oan only get hold of it. Sorely we've '''JiTen ft a Christian burial -? well a* we could, though it would have been all the better for the priest. Wecan't help that now. I aed a prayer myaelf over the relica, and we are tonld the prayers of a good man availeth much. Confound that aprig I Oh, the curse of Cromwell on it I - 'Tii fifty feet long, en' aure I've bin cutlin' at it for five minutes. Are you there, Weston V This waa about the burthen of Keenan's toliloquie* during the day. He kept Weston well at band, and if the letter's £*? bailed to indicate bis whereabouts the . irishman sooo hailed bim. Tbe particu lar part of the district where the body bad been found was the worst which the MMhriyoceliad so far encountered, and ; alow progresa waa mada^ JSvsry day or ao ths camp, whioh waa well equipped, waa abilted nearer to tbe / terminus « tbe track, and on tbe day futlowing the gruesome discovery it was aacriadtoe point not fifty yards from themonster itringy-barktree, beneath Whwhl^e-bposewere laid. Tl.e men as Richard tbs Third, were more strtU of Shadows ainight than the eub.tanse ot * tea thonaand meof the others would aa ; ghost as ran away from it. Tula was a fact wbieh did m nob to'enaure ..ththannony of tbe eamp and stamp ' Edwards's party as tbe best for rough ''wild work in the colony .of Van Dieman's Land.' ' During the day Keenan wae a ghost in ' himself, but at might the cry of the ourlew seemed to him a repetition of the Banshee's wailing, and he allowed imag ination to nmurp tbe plaoe of reason. ' TOW oanalpractice' of a surveyor's camp it to have one regular cook, but in Edwards's thit rale was departed from, and Walsh, Jones, and Keenan took ; week about at the work. ~ ^tt aa happened that the week follow ing -^ofliaooVery of tlrt skeleton was . ^Seenatt'e turn to get' as' chef, and like everything else he did.it well. Un fortunately for him he was alone a con siderable portion of the day; and the camp was in tbe immediate vicinity of ' tbe * grave tree,' as the men termed it. His comrades were always in sound of the camp, and in nine cases out of ten returned before dark, but frequently not until after twilight had set in. It was on tbe evening of 7th May tbat Michael Keenan reoeived the shock which wss so aoutely felt that he deter mined to aever his connection with the party and leave the service of the government; True, he was partly dis suaded from doing so, but 'he managed, by the way he worked, to bave the whole party transferred to another por tion of the colony, a course which pleased all the men. Evau Edwards's supersti tion materially assisted' towards that. The sun had set and the gloom of I night was fast approaching. The deep shadows momentarily growing darker were creeping over the scene, and never before had Keenan felt the indescribable lonlineas and solitude of the place. 'By Heavens I I should go mad if I ' had to spend twenty-four hours in this locality by myself. It would be worse than death,' he murmured. Never before had he so missed the comfort of human companionship, and though he buBied himself in making pre parations for hia comrades' dinner — for the principal meal was in the evening — he cojild not shake off the deep depres sion which, like a nightmare, . set upon him. 'It's time they came, anyhow,' he murmured, walking from the cheerful looking fire on which the . camp-oven swung, and going to the side of the track which ran past the spot. Of course the first object on which his eyes rested was the giant tree which formed, ao to speak, the mammoth obelisk which marked the Unknown's grave, and as he looked he devoutly crossed himself. A few yards beyond the tree the track gave a sudden turn lo the west, and he was about turning away in diaappointment when a figure turned the corner of living vegetation. 'That's Edwards, thank goodness. The others won't be far behind. Well, everything is ready, at all events,' he said aloud, ns if it were something sooth ing he gazed on the approaching figure. In a few seconds tint man was at tho foot of the Ireo eagerly scanning around it, and aB Keenan limited an iiidelinable feeling of horror tilled his heart. His supposed chief was iiuiiu other than tho ghost of the buried corpse. There was tho bald head. and as he turned and searched about, the Irishman fancied lie could see the scar acrosB the forehead and (he sinister look. Yet it was not i|uite the same, for a long beard now overgrew tlio face. Keenan was a brave man except where the supernatural waa concerned, and for the life of him he could not move from thc spot he stood on, and his tongue refused to act. Each nuiiiiHiit he became more than ever convinced that it was no living man, but the phnntom of thc bones— or rather the ghost of tho photo graph — which he was looking 011. It moved about noiselessly and seemed to be hunting for its missing skeleton, for it went down 011 i Ls knees and ex amined the ground most minutely. Then it wont to tho grave and back on to the track in a few seconds. After again examining the particular spot where the bones had lain, the object sprang up noiselessly and silently plunged into tbe dense bush towards the west, holding a skin cap in its hand, and most clearly revealing the bald head. A few momentalater Edwards, Jones, j Weston, and Walahcamo into eight, and gave a cheerfaloiw-w as a salute to the 000k. _ It remained unanswered, and wben in a couplo of minutes tbe four men oarne up, Keenan was standing rigid in the same spot and looking aa if indeed he had seen a ghost. ' What on aarth is the matter, Mike ? Are you struck dumb or petrified? What the deuce is the mailer, 1 say V aikeil Edward*. ?for answer Keenan turned hia head in a stiff sort of a way ss though he were a Marionette and worked by springs, and gaaod with wide-open eyes on his chief. ' Is there anything amitt, Mike? I hope you haven't got lock-jaw or any thing like that. What is the matter?' queried Edwards agsin. ' I've seen it,' was the short response gasped out.' 'What do you mean by itt Tell us what you mean; You haven t teen a ghost, I suppose,' asked Edwards. * Yet, I have. I've seen the ghost of the man we buried at tbe foot of the big tree tberePjnst now. It ran away when you came along,' answered Keenan in a feeble voice. A loud peal of laughter from Weston, Jones, and Walsh greeted this state ment. but Edwards remained as silent as the atrioken Keenan, and asked for further information, ' I'm going to be a dead man toon, I | know. Anyone who sees a sight like that never, lives long,' groaned Keenan. ' I tell you, I saw the ghost «-/ that 'skeleton there not five minutes ago. I came here to tee if you were coming, and a moment or two afterwards it came into sight there at the bend. Going to the tree just mt the spot we found the bones, it began to search about, and even went on its kneea. It looked at- the grave onee and then searched again, hut ran away when you came along. ' ' Ban away, eh ? Ran away I That's good for a ghost. You thou Id tay it melted or floated away, Mike. Ghoati don't ran away, you know,' interjeeted Jones moat irreverently. * Bert, what have ynu got for dinner, Mike 1 Not phantoitit, 1 hope. We want something more aubstantial than that, 1 can tell you,' added Weaton with a laugh ,-'Ai sure as I'm standing afore you I am telling the truth. There it was with the great bald head and the scar across the forehead, only there waa a beard over the face. It held a for cap in ita hand, so I could easily aee tbe head,' retdfted Mike with conviction. ? Qft ghosts don't grow besrds, so far aa i mow,' replied Jones with a merry laugh.. \- ' You forget that at the time the photo, was tsken the man was shaved, as we can tee there, bnt at the time of death the beard would most likely hsve grown. In fact, in a locality like this, you will not find many barber's shops, and busbmen do not carry razors, in fact, Keenan, your description would be just what I would expect the origins! of that photo, to develope into before death, ' remark t-J Evan Edwards in a half convinced way. The three other men did not care to openly rally their chief on the subject, but they ezchanged smiles and meaning glances with each other and went towards the fire in order to make pre psratious for the meal, as they could see Keenan and Edwarda were deeply inter I eated in the apparition which had so unexpectedly appeared to distnrb the harmony of the party. Keenan continued to impreas on the [ willing, ears of his chief what he had seen, and the surveyor began to believe hia statements as firmly as if he himself had seen the spectre. Indeed, the ordinary reader of to-day who may chance to notice this as he sits in his suug and cosy drawing-room with his family around and police within call, may venture to scoff at Keenan's fears as utterly absurd and improbable. Yet some of the brightest intellects of the day are banded together in Psychological Research So cieties to try. and discover the origin of the mysterious phenomena by which man is admittedly surrounded. And let that sceptical reader place himself in Keenan's position. The Irishman had observed a figure which resembled the photo, found beside the skeleton. There was 1:0 doubt of that, and it waa subsequently proved. Moreover, the surroundings were awe inspiring. The aolitude, the wildness — the death of day — all conspired to in fluence the human mind. Both Edwards and Keenan had been brought up to believe* in folk lore, in fairies, in banshees, and ghosts. It had seized on their minds, and deeply rooted as it was, there could not be a doubt they both believed — one in tbe evidence of his senses — the other in the evidence given by his friend, and on whom he could rely. In a sort of mechanical way Keenan assisted to lay the rough but substantial dinner, and his mates seeing the look of perturbation and deep eerionsness which overspread his face, forbore to amuse themselves at his expense. Yet they were utterly scepticsl on the subject. Not in the remotest sense could they imagine such a thing as a ghost possible Like Thomas of old, nothing but the evidence — the visible and tangible evi dence of their own senses — would con vince them. It waa shortly after tho meal thai Keenan, who kept close to hia comrades and occasionally glanced round fearfully, said : ' 1 am going to leave to-morrow, sir. I couldn't stay another day, for the place is haunted, and I know I'm marked. We want some more atorea. The corn beef is nearly run out, and there's only a week's flour. If you give me the order I'll get them sent on and another man in my place.' This waa quite unexpected and most unwelcomo news for all the party. Keenan was a universal favourito, and the idea of his lesving them was UntamounL to breaking up the camp altogether. Before the chief, who waa in a vory silent mood, could reply, Weston said : ' You purely don't mean that, Mike. If you go 1 wouldn't care to remain, but if it's the fi-ar of ghosts that's driving you away, I'll tell you what I'll do. I'll go and Bleep at tho foot of the 'grave tree ' for the next week every night to let you Bee it iB all folly about wraiths and phantoms and such like.' 'So will I,' interjected Jones. 'I'll do the same. There's nothing in it ut all. lioah I Ghosts, indeed I I would like to see one, or half n dozen, for that matter.' Walsh added Ilia news on the question, which 'as of a similar nature, but none of the arguments had the least effect on Keenan, and Edwards rather put the veto 011 their proposals when lie said : ' It's no ubc you talking like thst. Of course ghosts don't Bppear to everyone. It in only certain people that arc privi ledged to see them, and it is always a bad aign for tbat peraon. I've made up my mind not to stop here any longer. , .. , j.. « - We hate done pretty well inthlaloot'Ity, and the Government should relieve ua. I will ask for a few months' spell of work in a settled district whVre we can get proper food and uot be buried alive. To- morrow morning we will bleak up camp aud return to the depOt.' \- This resolution was a very abrupt one,* but none of the men objected to it. Indeed, rion-aceptical at they were, Jonet, Walsh, and Weston agreed that it would be unwise to destroy the belief in ghosts whioh possessed the mind of their chief. The trio were juat as anxious at the two Bpectre-haunted men to ex change their wild rough life for thessme kind of work in the settled parts. Already they had been four months in the north-west district, and they oould fairly claim a change. Well, you should know best, sir,' spoke Weston artfully, when Edwardt had concluded. ' It may be as you say, and, of course, because 1 have never seen a ghost, it is no argument that none exist. I quite agree with what you say.' The other two sceptics were also con vinced that the locality might indeed be' haunted, and in a few minutes there was quiie a unanimous feeling in favour of going away from the ill-fated spot at once. That night Walsh, Jones, and Weston took it in turns to watch, for Edwards and Keenan appeared to be in mortal dread of a spectral visit. In the morning Jones reported that be fancied he taw ajhadow moving round and round the big tree, but he was too muoh afraid u- investigate the caute -of the appearance. He furthermore de voutly thanked heaven that Edwardt and Keenan had not accepted his ofler to sleep under the tree. This report only hastened prepsrstions for departure. Before leaving, Walsh, Jones, and Wet ton made a careful examinstion of the grave and its vicinity, and aure enough they found indications that some animal or other had been about tbe place. The aoft earth of the mound had been partly trodden down and the tracks were much larger than any animal in the'region could make. Indeed, they were not unlike the imprint of a man^ foot if it were wrapped in cloth' or in skin, snd the three men began to believe tbat Keenan hsd really seen some object. ' I have it,' exclaimed Weston, after ? few minutes. 'There has been an aboriginal about here. Seeing the track he would come along it, and noticing the grave would no doubt examine it. That is whst bas frightened Keenan, but we mustn't say so or tbey msy stop here some time longer. 'The blscks don't put anything on their feet or wear skin caps,' remarked Jones. 'The few (hat are left may do so, for ther are partly civilised, and betidet Keenan was in such a fright he would be likely lo mistake whst he reslly saw,' ssid Weston. 'And the Bald bead. I never saw an aboriginal with a bald head unless the fellow were scalped.' added Welsh. 'I tell you those tbingt only existed in Keenau's imagination. The moment he taw the figure of courae he concluded it mtiBt be the ghost of the dead man. You msy depend when thst came intfffaii mind he would not be able to think of anything else. Who else but a black — and a stray one at that — would come about here.' . The action, too, is just what a black would adopt. Seeing the newly turned earth in the dusk he would stoop to examine tho place, and. of courae run. away when he heard or aaw us coming 'along the track, -'protested Weston. - His contention seemed reasonable enough, and aa it was the only probable explsnation of the myBtery, it was then and there adopted by the three sceptics. On their return lo cainp, however, they greatly impressed Edwards aud Keenan by a narration of what they had found. The tracks, they said, were such rs no human being in the life would make, and there wbb no animal on the whole of Van Dieman'a Land tbat could leave such impressions. Something uncanny had happened they were convinced, and the sooner the party cleared away the better it would be. The two pack-horses had already been loaded, and by nine o'clock Edwarda and hie party were turning their faces to the eaat after their four months exile in the north -weatern wilds. Many a curious glance waa cast back at ihe haunted spot, and it waB hours before the big stringy bark disappeared from view. The party had really done good work, and Edwards waa quite juBtified in returning to settle ment, though it iB quite' probable he would have put in another couple of months in the wilderness had it not been for KeenBn's ghoat tuddenly interrupting the operations. As a matter of necessity, most of the food taken or aent along to the survey parties consisted of sslt junk, pickled pork, and such like. Some of this waa of a villainous nature — thanka to the want of proper supervision over the con tractors by the inspectors. Without vegetables the lot of tbe surveyors would not have been a pleasant or even healthy one, but the gun was brought into fre quent use to get game either on land or water. Even with this aid the health of tho men Biillered if they were kept in the bush too long, and hence a time limit waa always placed upon operations in the far unsettled partB of the ialsnd. .To Bf Cdntinufd. 