CPBBEHT TOPICS. ; .Mr. Varney Parkes Is ot the old game of the new Minister who craves for notoriety, and vainly seeks to justify his official, existence . by, making a stupendous noise about trifleB. The Reid Ministry, the part that is alive, as Wei I ' flR Ml© 'Ifl /lan hn r a m JIa'-'m- » ia ,duvc umuc a record for th|s grotesque form of advertising, themselves, Mr. Sydney Smith, the grey ghost of the political world, who Is making a bld'for reincarnation on the strength of his foolish Ministerial advertisements, was , the greatest angler after notoriety who ever held office In Australia. Now Mr. Varney ParkeB Is anxious to cull a page from the Smith book, aitjl signalise his advent -to office by holding a crr.ference of Postmasters-General in Syd ney to discuss a telegraphic anomaly. This anomaly might very well be settled by cor respondence between the different heads. Cer tainly it does not need a conference for the purpose, and Mr. Parkes will probably find that the Ministers of other colonies have other occupations on hand tbpn pandering to his glorification by meeting him in conference in Kvi1i»©v nvov n trldlti'; nnnmnlv 4V»© nnnnoaUv for altering wntcri/nas already been recog nised in Melbourr .- -' Mr. Parkes has "riot 'even the fame of discovering the anomaly in ques tion. Another matter to which the new fledged Minister Is giving his attention Is the break" of gauge on the Intercolonial railway lines. According to Mr. Parkes, a unlforiri gauge would enable a flying mall train -to bo put on between Adelaide and Brisbane, and the transmission of malls would be accelera ted. Praise to Mr. Parkes, for this discovery is certainly due. The break of gauge Is one of the subjects which engaged the attention of the 'Convention. It deeply concerns the rapid transit of goods, and Is a matter of vital Interest In connection with an adequate de fence system for Australia. Deep and grave considerations -like these have, . however, failed to move -the colonies to the colossal expenditure of harmonising the broken gauges, but now that Mr. Parkes has discov ered that a "ilylng_mall train" could be put on over a uniform gauge the alteration will probably be made at once. On the whole, how ever, it might be better for Mr. Parkes were- h-> to confine himself to matters more strictly within the scope of his ability, such as re painting the Pest-office corridors, which Mr. Cook allowed to become so. grimy. Mr. Young's presence in' the Maeleay-Hast- ings electorate to assist Ills late colleague iri his desperate endeavour to prevent Mr. Bar ton frqm entering Parliament is a matter of very great importance. The speeches of the Minister for Works already reported show the use which is being made of his Minis terial position. The electors of Kompsey were Informed that Mr. Smith would be ill- valuable as a local member. This, coming from a Minister for Works, speaking to a constituency, which expects a big bridge and other concessions from the WorkB Depart ment, Is fairly plain spanking. To empha- sise It, the electors were told that as a local member Mr., Barton would be useless, uirl that Mr. Clarke, the late member, would have no more power In a Government department than, any other private person. Tills talk, and the very presence of Mr. Young in such a constituency at such a Juncture, should be noticed in Parliament. It is a scandal, at the least. Mr. Young himself has no concep tion of the dignity attaching to responsible office. Several years ago, when he was Speaker, he became disqualified for the posi tion, owing to financial embarrassment, but held on to office until public opinion and the strong copiments of the press forced him to retire. The contempt for the rcsponslblllt y and the decency of office, which he is now displaying is worse. 1-Ie Is dragging respon sible government in the mire, and the occa- slori demands that Mr. Young should be. colled upon to resign his portfolio. A .vote of the House should bo taken, at any rate, so that members might have an opportunity of recording their views concerning this unex ampled misuse of office by a Minister. " / The Government may be considered >to have in a manner pledged itself to the establish ment of an inebriate asylum, having gazetted the. reservation of Long Island, on the I-Iawkes- . bury River, for this purpose. Probably there will be somergood people who, When the ques tion comes up for legislative discussion, will urge that a rational, sarie, medical treatment: i of inebriety, by the State is equivalent to .making a truce with sin, as. they have urged' in connection with other vices and their con- \- sequences.. Nevertheless, the .necessary legis lation will: he - obtained, apd an endeavour made to rescue people from their own weak- . ness. One of the most brilliant men in Aus tralian history, when reproached with the habit of intoxication, which eventually ex tinguished a genius whose beautiful violet ray might otherwise have been shining yet, put the helplessness of his own character to: struggle' against his besetting folly tersely and completely, when lie described himself as suffering from "paralysis of the will." In a properly controlled hospital, amid healthy surroundings, ft Is quite possible that a large percentage of Inebriates may be brought back to the sanity of- sobrlety. There must be the compulsory principle In the new legislation; but .the proposal to place the proposed hos pital under the control either of the Comptrol ler-General of Prisons or -the Inspector-Gene ral of Insane is absurd. It is riot 'the design of reformers to brand the Inebriate either ris a criminal or a lunatic. The hospital should be under the control of 'the Health Depart ment, like an ordinary hospital, and must not be related even in suggestion to either prison or madhouse; otherwise even the suffering re latives of the dipsomaniacs would shrink from consigning the victim to the State asylum. The proposal .to bracket the Intended hospital with either evidences a brutal Incapacity on the part of the Government to understand the object of those who advocate the redemption" of .the drunkard by measures of physical and .psychological reform. 