PITH OF PARLIAMENT. (Bjr "Bungarra.'7 "In a multitude of ccnmseUors there is safely." King Solomon of that ilk bad 400 wives and 600 porcupines, and he inad- vertently bought one of them a new gem hat, with a floral Covent Garden on the top, while on a trip to Paris. This raised the bile beans of the other 599, who all wanted new gem hats with florists'shops on them, and the Exchequer of Jerusa- lem had been too much depleted doing a mash on the Queen of Sheba to run to it. fie dared not cut the hat in two, as he had attempted to do with a dis- puted baby, and in his wisdom he left the matter to be settled entirely by the Harem. It took them two minutes ex- actly, and Solomon delighted sat down at his new roll top writing desk, and permed the immortal lines at- the head hereof. * * * * The above paragraph is purely intro- ductory, as the policemen said when ¡ serving a summons, and dragged in part- ly to fill up space and partly to show how extremely safe, if nothing else, our Westralian Parliament should be with its multitude of counsellors. Every- body had something to say on every- thing this week, chiefly the Estimates.: As an example of shooting at a bulls- ; eye, and missing the whole batty tar- get, the Estimates distinctly capture the pastry. All the small men, especi- ally if they have families, and are good beer-drinking, revenue-producing citi- zens, seem to be retrenched. The heads of departments, with, half the number of hand« under them* and less than half the amount of money to spend they had last year, received full wages, with- out reduction, and in some cases get substantial rises in anticipation of their reduced responsibilities, and presuma- bly then- curtailment in the matter of perquisites. Leake wants the Ministry to take their wages out in railway stores which they have placed in their accounts atlaiddowncostqnaltocash. Then they could go into partnership as Johnny All- sorts and Co., marine junk stores, and relieve the country of their presence, besides stimulating commerce. With "Piesse as accountant, Forrest as treasu- rer and estimator of paper profits, Pen- nefather as chief salesman, with an apron on behind the counter to argue with customers ; Throssell as gardener in the back yard ; and Lefroy assistant shop-hand, the firm should do well Alex. Forrest could finance them at 25 per shen*, dear poy, while Hubble, Locke, and Hall could travel for- the shop and barrack for their wares. Hack- ett could control the advertising, and Barry Wood hold Saturday night auc- tion 6ales of what they could not sell during the week. George Leake and Co., at the opposition shop over the way, would have to hustle to control trade then. * » * . To return to our muttons. Piesse said that 100 officers had been re- trenched up to June -10 last in his de- partment. More were to follow gradu- ally-more rank and file, no heads. One of the most glaring anomalies is the architectural branch of the service, the branch that designs those lovely doric railway stations in the wilds of the primeval bush, without an inhabitant within 10 miles of them; where they take ls. 3d. per day, and have erected mahogany crush rails to prevent the ticket clerk getting rushed, and waiting rooms for ladies, and stone cottages for transient section hands. This depart- ment costs fourteen thousand pounds a year, and this amount goes to control the erection of about thirty thousand pounds worth of buildings. Piesse like, ridiculous, and profligate. Even Alex. Forrest objected on Tuesday to the Works Department spending practically the whole revenue of the colony. Con- nor, Doherty, Hohnes, and many ardent priests of the Forrest temple deprecated the spendthrift proclivities of the gods, at whose altars they burn their oratori- cal incense. » * * . Barry Wood thought every man in the civil service should have a number to be known by. This is a great idea, and wants thinking out. Ticket every man like parcels in a railway cloak-room, or exhibits at a cattle show. The system is applied to convicts, and answers well, Why not insist on all civil servants being Masons, and registering their brands in a special book? The inner circle of Irish Fenians were known by number only- If applied to members of Par- liament the law of libel would be much simplified. Ä journalist could then re- cord how No. 24 remarked that No. 33 was a liar, to which No. 33 replied that No. 24 was a sanguineous perverter of the truth, when No. 17 got up and re- marked that both gentlemen were right. Or, a goldfields paper might, with impu- nity, describe a fight betw een No. 4 and No. 29, while Nos. 10 and 31 held the sponge and bottle in the corners. Mean- while numbers of other numbers laid odds and punted. Conjecture exhausts itself in the possibilities of the situation. * * , * * Charlie Oldham, in discussing the Es- timates, was called to order for wander- ing from the question. His reply was: -"I want to show that the gentleman in charge of this department is not fit to be entrusted with the expenditure of this money." And he showed it. So have half the members of the House on both sides, and yet Piesse reigneth. * * * * Leake thought that the Government should be given a free hand, "give the Ministry enough rope and it will hang itself,*' he said. If they do all the dis- franchised electors will come in proces- sion to the funeral. ***** Lyall Hall ardent Forrest, buttress, drew attention to the wealthy men re- ceiving salaries from the civil service, who had no need to work for a living. They should be shifted to make way for those dependent on their salaries. ***** Wilson and Ewing both drew atten- tion to the iniquity of retrenching the small men earning a few bob a day, and often having families to support, while' retaining highly-paid heads. ***** Oldham said a Mechanics' Institute cost a few hundreds only,.and was a source of pleasure and instruction to scores: on the other hand thousands were splashed for a ball-room at Govern- ment-house. " * * * * This may be dry reading, but, at least it shows the incubus of stolid inertia that broods on the national chest like a nightmare in its true light. The coun- try meanwhile clasps its hands and mutters "Oh, Lord! how long," and Brown wires "My God ! we are proud of you." \- * * - _ * * Two incidents 'worthy of record hap- pened last- week, which broke through the daily monotony of the legislative asylum for the treatment of the cacoethes loquendi, like a well-heav- ed brick through a school window. One was the presentation to Parliment of the report of Vosper's Leprosy and Chow Forgery Committee ; the other was the exhumation of titre corpse from the cemetery of obGvion where the Su- preme Court had sensibly buried it, of the "Kalgoorlie Miner" libel case, the rattling o: its bones "across the atmos- phere of the House, and the resurrection of a ghost likely to haunt uncomfortably those responsible for the reopening of its grave. In dealing v.Tth the latter, a statement of occurrences alone ié per missable as the sanctity of every horse- hair in the Speaker's wig tremble in the balance. The theatrical appurtenances of the Assembly of "Forty-Four Wise Noodles,"' including the Speaker's gown, the stoL-kin«is, buckled shoes, and sar- torial embellishments that adorn the fioorward portion of the anatomy of the Sergeant-ar-Arme ; the white gloves oí the bobby who guards with his hat and h:6 dignity the bar of the House : the gild- ed bauble at the foot of the table which so far has escapeo the fate of its proto- type in the Victorian Assembly : the hirsute top hamper that hides the ple bian cocoanuts of the Clerk of Parlia inent and his mate, and gilds their noble physiognomies with a glory borrowed from the medieval ages when a barbaric display of gaudy gew-gaws was the most effective means of impressing the educa- tion-deprived masses : all these things, their sanctity and dignity, must be up- held at all costs. Itemedial legislation for the ills of the commonwealth is mere by a secondary consideration, just as a truck load of archbishops will exhaust their learning, and drain their eruditiot to define the breadth of a hem on a vest- ment, the height of a reredos or the size of a chasuble, while the moral hungei of their congregations starves for wahl of Christian pabulum. The awful dignity of Parliament; is upheld, the violation of the legislative sanctuary is vindicated, and the assem- bled Solons can proceed to juggle with the estimates, pass alluvial digger sup- pression acts, jam the edge of the sec- tarian education wedge in the door of popular education, vote tens of thou- sands for Jerry Smith's ballroom, and generally cavort round like a cat on hot bricks. In short, the Sergeant-ai Aiuis (two arms, right and left, just like other men) and the classic upholstery that adorns his nether extremities, left his pew adjoining the centre aide, and proceeding upstairs to the reporter's gal- lery, on Wednesday night, uttered his ukase that a journalist who had proved his innocence in connection with the "Kalgoorlie Miner" no- libel case, should take up his bed and walk. Seeing that the paper was acouitted and that the re- port of the Piesse'v. George pugilistic encounter originated from official sour- ces, it would be fair to ask why blame is not placed on shoulders that ought to bear it instead of picking out merely an intermediate transferrer of information received from the police. * * * * On Thursday the Speaker spoke from his high throne like father --Eneas in Virgil, "sic fatur toro ab alto." The Speaker seldom speaks, he never spoke so much before this session. His an- nouncement was that the - Sergeant-ai Arms was to be prosecuted for assault iu connection with last evening's pro- ceedings. The House authorised the defence of the Sergeant by the law offi- cers of the Cr.wn. The press found one champion at least on the floor of the House when Vosper protested against the persecution of a reporter proved innocent of "originating" the report, and who had not even been1 allowed to utter a word either in the Su- preme Court or at the bar of the House in his own self-defence, and who had offered to apologise for his innocent share in the libel which thc highest tri- bunal had adjudged to be no libel at all. Sworn testimony had evolved the fact that the originator of the report was a Government official. The motion of the House upon which the Speaker act- ed, alluded to ''the originator of the allegations," and his exclusion from the precincts of the House, not the innocent transmitter. Leake then spoke, and ¡the motion to defend the Sergeant-at Arms was agreed to. * * * * J Next session the country will not be surprised if it sees the Sergeant-at Anns stalk into his pen with a Win- chester rifle slung over his shoulders, a [cartridge belt round his waist holding two revolvers, and a bowie knife, and beside him several bombs. Opposite him across the House, the reporters in their gallery sheathed in armor against which the bullets of the Sergeant rattle like peas as he unslings his rifle and takes pot shots at them. A few hand grenades judiciously thrown will be warded off by copies of the ''West Aus- tralian" sausage wrapper, which is dense enough to stop anything. Missiles mis thrown, exploding on the floor of the House, will fall harmless, as most of the members, especially those made of curly jarrah, are bomb-proof, and a self-re- specting bomb will go out at once if Pennefather or Locke addresses it for a few moments. Reporters will be drawn, quartered and crucified daily "or words to that effect." Libel is defined as Written Defamation, while Slander it Spoken Defamation. Truth often in- cludes both, just as treason has been de lined as telling the truth about the king, and blasphemy as telling the truth about a deity. The legal mind is full of quibbles which Leake out and drop over on numerous occasions. This correspondence must now cease. * * * * As for the report of the leprosy com- mittee, readers wUl find it fully set forth elsewhere, so "Bungarra" need not go over the ground again in the columns sacred io his effusions this week. 