The Storyteller. AULD ROBIN GREY 4 A gentleman, miss, who gave the price named and asked no questions.' Poor Scamp! I missed him next day, when I looked at his deserted paddock, and there was no pony to come trotting up coaxing for apples ; or some dainty bit, when suddenly, to my surprise, I saw his well-known form emerge from behind ;a tree, and Scamp came trotting over to me; as if he had never left his old home. On cross-questioning Barney, I beeiiScamp's purchaser,and all (he pleasure of my thirty-pounds was gone in a moment. • Joyce, Joyce,' said Colonel Grey gravely, when with proud tears 1 told him to take the pony back,' you promised to let me help you ; won't you give me the right to help you always, dear ?—bending down to look into my face with his dark eyes. * I would try to make you love me. Will you be my wife ?' His face was very dark when J after faltering out why I could no marry him, I looked up for one second as he stood in silence before me. ' Would to heaven I had known this before !' he said, and left the house ; and for a week or ten days we saw nothing of him. • Joyce, you are a fool!' was all papa said, briefly and sternly, andj then one day he wrote to Colone Grey. 1 What he said I do not know, but Colonel Grey began to come as before. • Try to forget it,* Joyce,' he said one day. 'You need not be afraid of me—and yet' passing one hand through his short silver hair—' I doubt, child, if the young lover will be half as fond of yon as the old man would have been.' And he turned away, proud and sad, for : tears stood - ia tils eyes which he did not wish me to e. When the evenings were getting long again, there came a letter from Harold. Oh, glad, delightful letter— no need to wait years and years toiling and working. By one of those strange freaks of fortune that so seldom befall us, he had been left a legacy by a distant relative, and he was coming home— might be home indeed as soon as the letter. ' Joyce,' papa said gravely, when he saw the joy in my face, * think this well over before you decide. Colonel Grey—' • Papa,' I interrupted passionately, ' Harold is coming home, and I will marry no other man ; and, if he never came home, I would say the same.' For two long days of hope and anticipation I watched for his coming, counting the hoars, the moments that must elapse before I could hear his dear voice again ; and then appeared only a few lines in a newspaper, and I was never to be happy in this world any more— never again after that one reading of the words that told me of the foundering or the ship ' Harold' my Harold sailed in. He would never, never come home to me now. Ok, heaven, why did I not die thfen? Why did Lever live through those nights and days of agony? " My faither urged me sair, my wither didna speak, But she looked ID my face till my heart was like to break; They gied him my hand—my heart was in the sea ; And so Robin Gray be was gudeman to me." •Joyce, promise me you will think it over.' Think what over ? Only four months since Harold's death, and they were speaking to me of marriage ! I raised my head aud looked into papa's face, and answered, with trembling lips and a breaking heart— 4 Why cannot I stay as I am ? Why do you wish me to leave you ?' ' Because'—he took two or three turns up and down the room 111 the twilight, and then stop before me— 'because, Joyce, sometimes in this world it is our duty to give up our lives for others. Heaven knows, child,f Harold had lived, I would never have asked you to give him up, but that is all over now ; and it Is best so, Joyce. Robert Grey has done more for us than any man on: earth ; but for him, your father would have been arrested for debthe saved us from ruin. I owe hiin more than I can ever repay.' 'And you want me to pay it for you, papa ?' There was silence between us for a little while. In the twilight the tears ran down my cheeks like rain and fell upon my hands, for my heart was in Harold's grave beneath the tossing waves. Papa spoke again. •Joyce, dear, he is very fond of you. He is a good man, and would make you happy- What harm, my Child, could it do (the dead to give the test of your life to another ? Sorely did be urge mis, and hard did I fight against it, 4 Mother/ I cried, 'what shall I do Y ' - c She drew dawn my face to her and looked into my eyes. 'What your own heart dictates, dear; but, Joyce, I would like to have seen you happy and settled before I go/ ' Would it make it easier for you, mother ?' No answer—but she looked into my face till my heart was like to break ; and then let them tell Colonel Grey that I would be his wife. 4 Joyce,' he said, * do you give yourself of your own free will to me ?' And I raise my eyes to his and answered 'Yes'j and none ever knew what that one word cost me to say. The he laid his first kiss on my forehead, whispering— 'Thank you darling,—-my darling I' And at sound of that name which another had whispered in such passionate loving accents I broke down and wept tears that seemed to scorch my brain ; and he who was to be my husband sat by and listened to my wild cobbing, and, though he knew why I wept so bitterly, true, kind and noble, he said no word that could give me pain—only stroked my hand ; and his own voice shook as he said, low and soft— * I love you too, Joyce, a*d I will by to males you t&ppy-; 1 And I vowed in my heart that never while I lived should word o r act of mine wound him. What was left of my life was his, wholly and entirely. How could I tell how sorely I was to be tried. Then I put my sorrow out of my heart, and looked out into the world again, and Colonel Grey was pleased and happy when he saw me smile. He brought me a lovely present—a collar and tiara of diamonds that flashed and glittered in the light. ' You look like a queen, my darling,' he said, clasping the necklace around my throat and placing the flashing diamonds in my hair. And I smiled ; but, as I faltered out my thanks, I thought with sudden pain of Harold's words on the night we said good-bye— 'Other men will love you, will worship the beauty of your face ; but you must never listen to them, for you are mine.' His! I had broken my word—I was not his now; and I wearily went up-stairs to my own room, and looked at my white face, with the diamonds in my hair and gleaming on my neck; and they glittered and flashed like the spray of the sea in the sunshine, till their light and beauty seemed to madden me, for Harold was dead, and I was to be another man's wife. I was married. One dull autumn morning I stood by Colonel Grey's side, dressed in the white satin and orange-blossoms I had dreamed of in the old days, and quietly and tremulouly gave myself to him for better or worse till deata should part us. ' Oh, Heaven, let it be soon !' I cried in my heart, for, as I listened to the wedding-service, I wished that they were reading fthc burial service over me instead • and we went av ay man and wife, with the ghost of the dead love between us. " I hadna been his wife a. week but only four. When, mornfu' as I sat On the stane at my door, I saw my Jamie's ghaist, for 1 couldna ithink it he. Till he said, * I'm came ha me, love to marry thee." f To be Continued.'] 