STAGELAND. \'7!«jil3M!|fipiii^ HS Great Napoleon, as repre-' ift IIS sented by Mr. Julias Knight, / lN 8 ?!!' w'^ th*s even^nS revisit the m\\\l WI ' glimpses of the footlights at li'm \K -I Her JilaJesty's« vhen 'A Eoyal ij^«\l\ ?'?; Divorce' will be revived. ' The Silver King ' is to be revived to-night at the Mel bourne Theatre Royal, with Mr. G-eorge Titheradge ' as ' Wilfrei Denver, a, character of which he was the original Australian representative, and in the opinion of many playgoers the best, without any exception, who has ever been witnessed in the part at this (side of the Equator. i Mr. Charles Cartwright after his season in Brisbane will move westward. Miss Eegina Nagle, who gave such excellent promise of a possibly great contralto by her Eing ing of ' Ben Bolt ' in 'Trilby,' is studying In Paris under tiie direction of Marchesi. It is not common to hear of ballet dancers who have ' frisked beneath the burthen of three score ' — and ten ; but such a phenomenon has been witnessed in the Fatherland. A lady in that line recently retired from the German stage at the age of 70. 'The Gay Parisienne' Company has been contributing to the greater gaiety of the popu lation at Broken Hili. Quite a chapter of acci dents occurred to prominent tuemters of the company' during the stay in Adelaide. Mies Ada Keeve, in the first place, tell off her bicycle and dislocated her ankle. Miss Carrie Moore, who took up Miss Eeeve's part, fell and hurt one of her arms, and had on one occasion to struggle through with it in a sling. Next Mr.; Bert Gilbert had a fall irom a buggy, and then an accident happened to Mies Esdaile. Dickens's Mark Tapley might indeed have been a member of a company whose experiences furnished so many opportunities for being 'jolly' under difficulties. A new play has been written for Miss Olga Nethersoie, the scenes of which are to be laid m Spain — in the Spain of clden days. Gaston Berg, a Norwegian musician, has written and composed a eequel to ' Cavalieria Kusticana.' Like Mascagni's favorite opera, it is in one act, and is entitled ' Silvio.' The little work was recently produced with success at the Christiania Royal Opera House, and a Berlin critic, who was present at the first performance, states that the German, English, and American rights have already been secured. The French version of Pinero's 'Magistrate,' reference to the production of which in a Paris Theatre has already been made in this column, has, contrary to expectation, proved a failure. It only ran for a lew nights. Xhe theatre — the Cluny — was then closed -for the rehearsal of a new French piece. It is seldom that English plays or English players meet with success in the French capital, a circumstance which disap pointed authors and actors from the English side of the Channel are wont, either rightly or wrongly, to attribute simply to French prejudice and to tbe incapacity of the average French ruind to appreciate any sort of dramatic art which has not the conventional French stamp. Signora Duse bas met with prodigious suc , cess in Lisbon. The King and Queen, as well as the entire Court, were present at her last per formance, when the programme included the second act of ' La temme de Claude ' and the fifth act of 'Adrienne Lecouvreur.' A marble plaque was placed in the theatre on this occa sion in commemoration of the Italian actress's visit, and handsome presents were offered to her by the Conrt and the aristocracy. An interest ing feature of the performance was that a special pamphlet was published, called ' La Duee,' only one copy of which was issued, and this, contain ing the leading criticisms of the Portuguese Press, was presented to the artist. The Queen sent the actress a superb bouquet and her auto graphed portrait. Twenty thousand camellias were besiues sent on to the stage at this fare well performance, the actress being recalled thirty times. A play entitled ' The Lost Leader ' has been written by Mrs. T. P. O'Connor, wife of the well known journalist, for Mr3. Potter and Mr. Eyrie Uellew. Who in this instance is meant by the ' Lost Leader ?' . Is it the late Mr. Parnell ? An English actress. Miss Molly Delane, recently inherited a fortune of between .£30,000 and .£4.0,000 by the death of her uncle, Colonel Walter Delane. The lady, it is said, does not intend to retire from tbe profession. She might it' only on the generous principle of giving some poorer aspirant a chance. Mine. Melba has been touring the Western States of America with a light opera company. She paid albout .£500 for the use of a special railway car for two months. A personal chef for the same period cost .£80, a waiter .£30, a con- . ductor .£30, and a porter £20. The cost of coal for the trip has been estimated at -£80, and that of ice at i£l00. Mr. Walter B. Spong, the well-known scenic artist (save a London contemporary), has had two of his pictures accepted at tiie Royal Academy tbis year, and they will both be hung on th§_ line. Like the two Mr. fepong is now exhibiting at the Institute of Water Color Painters, the subjects of the Academy pictures are taken from the picturesque streets of Cairo, sketched by him last year when on his way back from Australia. ? Headers of 'Nicholas Mckleby' will remember that after the leading tragedian of Mr. Crummies' s company at Portsmouth, Mr. Lenville, was sup planted in the public favor oy Nicholas, and otherwise humiliated by that hero, he tried, as a last resource, to have something done from ' the front' against his euccessiul rival. Mr. Lenville subsidised a small boy, who irom his seat in the gallery began to hiss at Nicholas, only, however, to be incontinently expelled by the rest of its indignant occupants. They order these things no better it would seem, in spirit at least, in some parts of the Continent at the present day than did the jealous artist who is supposed to have fretted his hour more than sixty vears ago in England under the management of the happy father of the ' Infant Phenomenon.' An attempt was recently made (says a London paper) to abolish the ' claque ' at the Vienna Opera House. The result was that each performer provided a band of private supporters, who not only applauded their patrons but hissed their employers' rivals. The 'rows' became so serious that the administration posted up a notice forbidding any applause wtiatevflr, but not prohibiting signs of oisapproral, and the prima donna had to face a storm ef hisses when she appeared as Deademona the night after. Mr. J.. L. Toole's health is said to be very in different. But though the veteran comedian is in no proper condition to return to the boards, he still finds his chief delight in watch ing what goes ou in that direction. He is a frequent visitor to the theatre. His other pleasure is found in a game of cards of an evening. Sheridan Knowles, the author of ' 'Virginius,' which was revived here. so lately by Mr. Wilson Barrett, discovered in his old age that the illu sions of the stage were vanity. He emphasised that opinion -by turning Methodist preacner. It was hinted indeed that he had preached a good deal, and in proey enough fashion, while he had the ear of the: public in his original character. However, the general memory of the British capital has been jogged in connection with the final incident in the career of a once rather notable wearer of motley, who, at any rate as far as the temporary adoption of the calling of a preacher was concerned, presented something ot a parallel to the case of Sheridan Knowles. 'His ' abstract and brief chronicle ' is thus set down: There recently .died in London Mr. WilliamJSvegory, who was a clown for years at tbe old Cremorne Gar dens. He managea-a model relating to .the Russian War for. Mr. Wyld, the famous map-maker, of 'Charing Cross, and in. Edinburgh this . small eihi« bition was /peculiarly successfni, for Gregory would: eometinaes send Mr; Wyld as mnchas .£100 per. week profit. Later on he assisted Professor Pepper in the celebrated ghost illusion at the ancient Polytechnic, and Gregory saw the palmiest days of the institutio.n in Recent-street. Leaving the glare of the footlights, Mr. Gregory took to preaching, and his humor made him a very acceptable expounder, for his stories were racy, though sentences were not faultless and aspi rates disregarded. Preaching, however, was not to taakethe ' converted clown' a millionaire, and he pened an old furniture shop in Tottenham Court Tcad. . He' al»ways placed illuminated texts in his window, and, as he signed the pledge, he called him eelf a 'recruiting-sergeant for the Coldstream Guards!' Professor Pepper returned to London, and arranged to run a Christmas entertainment at tfie Polytechnic ; and Pepper called on Gregory, exer cised, his eloquence, and the ancient clown went .back to the stage to assist for a while ia the ghost illusion. ' Mile. Marie Van Zandt, the American prima donna, was married privately in Paris on April 29, at the Mayoralty of the Champs Elysees district, to M. De Tcherinoff, a Bnssian State Councillor and ' Professpr at the' Imperial Academy at Moscow. At the Theatre d* Application, Paris, a lecture of a novel kind, on Music ball?, was recently delivered. -The lecturer, M. Maurice Lefevre, traced the history of those places of amusement as developed in the French capital, and noted the change from the cafe concert of the past to what It is at the; present day. . As he reterred to the. different styles of song which were popular at successive periods two singers came' on and gave appropriate vocal illustrations of his remarks. Miss Cissie Loftua, who passes lightly from the legitimate stage to that of the variety theatre, and who is equally sure of a warm welcome on either, was recently to appear at the Alhambra in a sketch wiitten for her by her bnsband, Mr. Justin Huntly M'Carthy. William J. Barry, au actor who was very suc cessful in Irish comedy, died recently at Brooklyn. He was born in Ireland in 1850, but was taken to America when very young. He was at one time a member, of Tony Pastor's company. He entered into management himself, and one of his productions, entitled ' The Rising Generation,' in which he played almost up to the time of his death, is said to have oronght. him a large fortune. 