The Monster of the Interap. -By Ernest Favenc.) SMALL lagoon of'i milky-looking wa ter, ringed round ' with a few polygo ntim bushes and some distorted trees, beside which a solitary tra veller . was eating his evening meal. All around spread open .downs country reacl^ig to a trel less.;'f-horizori. It was ia Central Aus tralia and far away from any settled country. The tra veller finished his meal leisurely, ga thered his things together, and put his pack bags in order ready for starting. He caught his horses and led them down to the water to take a last drink. 'Stow away all you can, old man,' he 'said, talking aloud, as is the habit men fall into in great solitudes. 'Goodness knows w&ere; you'll get the next drink.' He saddled up, packed his paekhorse, lit his pipe with a glo\ving fire stick, and as the sun, a fiery ball of blazing red, sank suddenly out of sight, he mounted and rode away to the eastward. Two or three crows alighted with noisy cawing to see if any scraps had been left be hind, and flew disgustedly away on finding nothing. As dusk drew on a native dog came trotting along a pad to drink, but smelling the late presence of a white man he stopped short, then sat down, and howled dolefully to give himself courage. A big yellow moon, one night after full, rose above the eastern horizon and lit up the lagoon vrith a deceptive, ?unnatural light, throwing long shadows of the warped and twisted trees, and making the whole scene weirder and lonelier than before. The, dog had gained courage to come to the edge of the hole and lap the refreshing though some what warm fluid, when suddenly, with a sharp yelp of pain, it sprang ap and then fell helpless, transfixed by a spear. Then out of the shadows came a figure, a black, hideous monstrosity, who advanced, picked up the dying animal, and waddled over to where the embers of the fire still showed a spark of life. There is a legend of an old Scottish family in whose line, every other generation, a mon ster w*s born — a being that had to be kept secluded from the world in secret confine ment. Some such horror was this thing, whom the blacks in loathing had hunted from their tribe to live or die as nature willed. It had the head and body of a giant, the arms of an ape, and legs and feet so short and small that they could scarcely bear the weight of the body to which they were at tached. Hence the thing's walk was a wa vering waddle, and it had occasionally to help itself along the ground with its huge arms. Ten miles* away the traveller, lying on the open downs, little thought what he had es- caped by leaving the waterhole. Getting up to listen for the clink of the hobble chains on his horses, so as to make sure of the direc tion in which they were feeding, he suddenly saw, away to the southward, a distant fire. He had taken the precaution of leaving the waterhole and riding on after dark to ensure himself from trouble in case the natives came ?about Now what was the meaning of that fire? He felt a longing to saddle up and ride over, but his better sense told him to stay where he was, but still it rendered him wor ried and restless. Blacks do not keep fires burning all night, and what fires they do maintain are small, and would not be seen far out in the great silence and stillness of the inland plains. Men's nerves are sus ceptible. The utter loneliness oppresses the boldest. It is as if a man were suddenly cut off from his fellows and brought face to face with the unknown. A wandering ghost just released from its earthly body must feel the same. That distant fire haunted Mervin's restless sleep the remainder, of the night. He had to rise every now and again to see if it had burnt down. But steadily and brightly It burnt on until the day-star rose up bright, pure, and beautiful, even as the wan and sickly moon paled and sank on the opposite side of the heavens. Then, when the first flush of dstfro was visible, Mervin gladly caught and saddled his horses. 'I will see what that fire was,' he said, as he turned his horses' heads in the direction. It was now broad daylight, and the fire was no longer visible; but he saw, what the night tfiad hid from him, that to the south was a dark line of timber. As he approached he could eee a light smoke showing at times, jand to tbia he headed. As he drew nearer he saw that the timber evidently indicated a large and important watercourse, of which the one where he had eaten his evening meal, and where then the monstrous being, gorged with half -roasted carrion, was sleeping, was but a tributary. He approached the place boldly, for a well armed man on a good horse feels pretty con fident in broaa daylight, and as he got close saw that it was a native encampment after all that he was approaching. Some old men ran out with cries to meet him, but they car ried no weapons, and when Mervin held up his empty hands as a sign of peace, they broke into expressions of joy, and he rode straight into the camp. It presented a strange sight. On a plat form of green boughs lay the charred and roasted body of what, by its size, appeared to be the remains of a black gin, but so shrivelled and distorted by the fire which burnt underneath the platform that it was almost impossible to tell what sort of being it had been. Mervm recognised at once that he had stumbled on a family of natives en gaged in one of their peculiar, death rites; some tribes half-roasting the bodies before bestowing them in their last resting place, either in the fork of a tree or on a platform built on purpose. But there was something strange that puzzled him. Generally speak ing, a tribe of wild, or semi-wild, blacks would have resented the intrusion of a white man during the progress of one of their cere monies; but now they seemed actually to welcome his advent. Mervin dismounted and looked at his sur roundings. The blacks only numbered about twenty in all. The fire that had attracted his attention was the one maintained under the corpse. The gins were all cut and scratched about the breast with sharp flints as a sign of mourning. The creek seemed a large one, and there was a long permanent looking waterhole where the camp was. There was evidently no. danger to be appre hended, so he turned his horses out and pre pared his breakfast. The blacks, after the manner of their kind, ^squatted down and silently watched him, and patted the stock of his carbine, which he had taken off his sad dle to have ready to handl Having done this, he looked entreatingly at Meryin,. and then pointed to the north-west. ' He was well satisfied with tie discovery of the' perma aentiy. watered creek, for he was out' looking for country to take up, so that Ms patience was large that morning. The ojd man pre sently repeated the performance, and it dawned upon Mervin that he was wanted to shoot something or somebody. The old blackfellow complicated matters still .more f-y constantly pointing to the naif-roasted corpse and the mourning women. Then, seemingly thinking that he had aroused the white man's attention, he proceeded, still in pantomime, to pretend to strangle one of the boys. ? ???;.'??? :'-'' ?' ' : Mervin began to see things clearly. The *gin had been strangled by someone, and they wanted him to follow the murderer lip and %hoot him. In answer to bis inquiries In dumb show, the old man .still pointed to tbe north-west. Mervin lit a pipe and had a smoke over it He felt inclined to follow the adventure up, and yet did not want to waste time, now that he had found what he wanted. Finally, he determined that the matter of a day would not make much differ ence, and that he would go. He intimated as much to the old man, who seemed de- lighted, and he was saddling -his horse, when a. chorus, of shrieks arose from the women. Tfce old man broke into a f iiry of rage, and, S™13'1?- an-3 yeUing' P°mted to something SS^S? ^ camp along the bank of *£ creek. Whether it was man or animal Mer vin could not at first make out, for the crea ture was coming at a good pace, using its SXht'?^*8- Suddenly ' seemed to catch sight of Mervin and rose upright and he saw the hideous being already described evidently bent upon another atock on ^ Mervin did not hesitate! The horrible be ?sgtS f» h0Stile' f or * warding ^L ^^^ng a BPear tt had been dra# ffmg, hew between its toes. Mervin raised his carbine and fired. The creature gave\ S SatSleStertea '''* »* PlDngS ln«- The blacks rushed forward, and eacerlv pointed out the traces of blood on the ground but of the monster there was no sign, Mer Vin knew too wen how cunningly the natives can keep themselves concealed under water so did not expect to get another shot He determined to hunt this strange quarry down another tune; meanwhile he tried to find out ! from the blacks where the next water was. I ±nis appeared to be. some distance off, but I as Mervin was now within reach of the most i outside station this did not so much matter ! The blacks were making preparations for departure; the gin's body being taken, dou- ! bled up together, and rolled in bark to enable } them to carry it with them. Mervin watched their preparations, keeping an eye on the waterhole, but it was unruffled. As it was fringed with water lilies, the monster in hid ing could easily come to the surface for breath underneath one of the broad leaves The blacks presently departed with all their impedimenta, and Mervin, after a long look at the still unruffled surface of the water, mounted and rode away too. But not far. Descending into the bed of the watercourse, he tied his horses up, and stole back and watched. He was rewarded for his pa tience. Concealed behind a polygonum bush, he saw the misshapen brute emerge from the waterhole and go on its stumpy legs and long arms to the blacks' deserted camp. The I bullet wound must have been only a slight i one, for the thing moved about quickly i enough, except when it attempted to walk on its legs only. It was well within shot of where Mervin was concealed; but as the creature had not attacked him, and in spite of its deformity was apparently still a human being, he mere ly kept in concealment and watched. The monster came near enough to enable him to see it closely, and he was struck with the im- j mense size the creature would have been if it had been properly developed. Even as it ? was, it was no wonder that it was an object of terror to the other blacks, for with the assistance of its hands and arms it could travel astonishingly fast, and once within its i grip an ordinary man would be powerless. ] | Many a time in after years did Mervin re- ! gret that he had not there and then rid the j world of the awful thing. The creature was snuffing about where the gin's body had been roasting, and at times ut- j tered low growls of disappointment at finding I j nothing eatable left behind. Presently it i I started on the tracks of the departed blacks, ! : and to Mervin's discomfiture he saw that this j I proceeding would inevitably lead it past his ?place of concealment near, enough to ensure] discovery. Flight was out of the question. The only thing was to show a bold front and [ not let the creature come near enough to j seize him. Following out this plan, he step- ' I ped from behind the sheltering polygonum, ' | when the brute was still nearly twenty paces away. I It stood straight on its .legs and stared at ! j him, showing its teeth in a savage snarl. | j Mervin steeled his nerves and looked the ' | horror straight in the eyes, and covered its I heart with his carbine. He' guessed that such j a being would be wonderfully tenacious of ! life, and even if shot through and through might yet reach him and kill him in its dying agonies. He kept his gaze therefore fixed unquailingly on the other, and after a pause of acute suspense the monster dropped his eyes and retreated backwards in a hobbling sort of fashion, evidently just remembering the smart of the former wound and afraid i to turn its back. i It was not until it was some considerable | distance off that Mervin retreated in his turn i to where he had left his horses and*mounted and rode away. I 'That was a near shave,' he muttered to himself. 'If I stock this country I must clear that gentleman out of this.' He overtook the natives, and gave them to understand that the monster would not fol low them. Then he pushed rapidly on, found the waterhole the natives had told him of, and the next morning arrived at the furthest station to the westward. 'Yes,' said Eastwood, the owner, when Mervin told him of his adventure. 'I have heard of this from the blacks, but did not i put much faith in it— they have always so | many yarns of that sort. I have heard of | the creek too, but did not take the trouble [ to go out. I have enough country of my j own to look after.' ! 'Well, I hope he'll clear out before I come i up with the cattle. I don't want to have i trouble with the poor wretch. I suppose he ' strangled the gin, and they managed to beat | him off before he could carry the body away.' 'That would be it. No wonder the blacks are frightened of him if he's like what you say.' 'Wait till you see him, old man. My nerves haven't got straightened up yet I tell you those few minutes when we were looking at each other were about the worst I ever spent in my life. Ugh! The idea of being torn to pieces by that brute nearly upset me. It w2s a wonder I didn't pull the trigger.' 'Catch him alive when you go out there and exhibit him as a show. You'd make a small fortune out of him. The wild man of interior Australia would look well on pos ters.' 'I only hope he doesn't catch me alive, that's all.' 'Well, don't hunt him- on to my run, old chap. My cattle are just settling down,-and a beauty like that would send them all over the country. One thing, if you can make friends with the creature, you'll have no trouble with. the blacks. I wonder at those you saw daring to camp there. None of the niggers about here would vesture near the place.' - . Mervin resumed his journey, but the fur ther he got away from the place the more, relrfctant he was to speak about what he had seen, so he soon said nothing about it; but at times he would wake from a startled nightmare, thinking those ape-like arms were round him and the bestial face grinning in his. But even this feeling grew duller, and by the time he was well on the road with his cattle, even this had worn off somewhat. But BtiUiie had a haunting forethought of some thing impending, and would have sold ,the country and sought pastures elsewhere if he could have got a remunerative offer for it (To be continued.) in. some parts of Russia it is a common, thins to meet a iherd of cows or oxen -wearing blue glasses to coumteract the terrible effects caused by the reflection p£~t!he'snDW in waiter time. A Mos cow manufacturer, of -eyeglasses for oajbtle thae made a large frxrtirae. It is certainly a strange Bight to see a drove of cattle all be-spectacled, and they look for all the world like e troop of old men bowed down by 'study . ., 