POSSESSIONS BRITAIN HAS GIVEN AWAY. CUBA ONCE BELONGED TO US. According te the typical Continental statesmen, John Bull is the biggest land grabber on the face of the globe. France and Germany more especially are never tired of sneering at our alleged "earth hunger." Indeed, if these latter critics and rivals are to be believed, we have not only stolen with a free hand in Africa, in (America, and in Asia, but we are only prevented by lack of proper transport facilities from annexing Mars and establishing a protectorate over Jupiter. There may be some truth in all this. The British Empire has a knack of growing. No one can deny that. Bat, on the other hand, we have—within the last 100 years or so—actually given away what to any other nation would constitute an exceedingly valuable and infinitely respectable colonial empire. For instance. Our cousins the Americans, and our old enemies the Spaniards, have fallen out about Cuba, The island was once Britain's. So were the Philippine Islands, another bone of contention. So, too, were the Ionian Islands, Tangier, Minorca, Corsica, Curocoa, Sicily, Buenos Ayres, Monte Video, Java, I'ondicherry, the Celebes, the Moluccas, to say nothing of half a hundred other valuable islands, fertile provinces, and fortified towns scattered up and dovrn the face of this weazened old globe of ours. And most of them we have surrendered, be it remembered, not in obediencc to the irresistible demands of superior force, but of our own free will, and in accordance most frequently with the dictates of a grand—if mistaken and quixotic—idea of duty Take, for example, the cession of the Ionian Islands in 1864. We captured them from the French, after n good deal of hard fighting, in 1809. We gave them a constitution, built a university at Corfu, abolished the vendetta, and promulgated equal laws for all and sundry ; and then, after more than 50 -years of educational and civilising work, and the expenditure of millions of money, we calmly, and without the shadow of a ghost of compulsion, handed them over to Greece. It is a deed of which no other nation but England could have been capable, and which it id devoutly to be hoped England will never repeat. The surrender of Tangier was even more deplorable. We held it for 21 years, and thpn quietly evacuated it at the bidding of a handful of fanatics, led by Gaylan, the sovereign chief of Fez. Colonel Kirke, the then Governor, strongly protested, and offered to hold the fortress indefinitely if 500 men were sent out from England, together with £5,000 wherewith to pay them. But the Government declined. They coald, they said, afford the men, but not the money. Tangier would now be considered dirt cheap at 50 times £5,000, for it lies almost immediately opposite Gibraltar, and possessing both these strong holds, England could absolutely control the Straits and effectually seal up the Mediterranean. Cuba was taken by ns in the middie of the summer of 1762, at a time when an unusually virulent epidemic of yellow fever was raging. We lost 5,000 men in five weeks, but we stuck to our guns and triumphed, in the good old sturdy British fashion. What our soldiers gained with one hand, however, our statesmen gave away with the other. A year later, just when the island had become pacified, and the elements of good government established, our hard won possession was handed back to the horrors of Spanish rule—horror from which it seems only now likely to emerge. An even more reprehensible national crime was the surrender of the Philippines to the same blood-stained gang, for not the most bigoted of the Little Englanders of that day and generation could have been ignorant of how vastly important the islands must necessarily become to us. Moreover, Spain was soundly thrashed in a selfish war of her own seeking, and would.hare accepted peace on almost any. term ft Yet we handed over the conquered possessions for a paltry £800,000—not a single penny of which, by the bye, was ever paid. s- To many visitors to Westminster Abbey it doubtless seems strange that one iof the moBt magnificent tombs in ^>ur national mausolenm should bear the -name of General Stanhope. To the m an in the street; it tbe present day, the cognomen means nothing. To oar forefathers..'of .a generation : or. tiro ago, bo^ever. it meant much. :For8tanhope •wea • the. ': conqueror of: Minorca'; and Uinoroa,ras .has been :well remarked, was the Malta ' of the eighteenth oentur>. s'.: - •"'.••''•'••' ;•••• ' W«tookitin 1708,andhdd it off tad fin ior ifra bast part o? a oe&tory;, it j the end of whioh time it was handed over to the Spaniards. Apparently they got it because they aBked for it. At all events, no historian has ever assigned any more cogent reason. Our extraordinary complaisance in this respect is the more curious because we had previously thought so highly of the island that, for merely failing to relieve the garrison, we had poor old Admiral Byng tried by conrtmartial, and shot on the quarter-deck of his own flag ship. Corsica occupied a slightly different position, as a dependency, from Minorca, insomuch that its inhabitants had themselves placed their island under British protection, and elected George III. as their king. It was ours, free gratis and for nothing. It did not cost us the life of a single soldier, or the expenditure of a solitary penny piece. Nevertheless, we thought so little of it that, after governing it for three years, we withdrew our troops, and left it to the mercy of the French, who, needless to say, promptly annexed it, and in whose possession it has been ever s<nce. Curiously enough, during the three years that the British flag flew above the ramparts of Ajaccio, Napnleon I. wis a resident in the city, and was therefore, during that spce of time, a British subject. And while on the subject of Corsica, it may be mentioned thrt we seem always to have had a peculiar penchant for giving away places in the Mediterranean. Iu addition to Tangier, the Ionian Island, Corsica and Minorca, concerning all of which mention has already been made, we also owned, at different periods, Sardinia, Sicily and Elba. But we let them all i slip. In the same way, and only quite recently, we parted with Heligoland to Germany. In this case, it is true, we are supposed to have received a quid pro quo in Africa ; but it would probably puzzle anyone, save perhaps a profcsssional politician, to say exactly in what it consisted. 