LADY EVERSLEY. OHAPTER Xlfr, TnE danao was Over; so were many snooseeded days; so many that Violet had at length ended her visit at BJeverley Lodge, and returned to Beeoh Farm. The harvest was all gathered in; it was September, and the leaves beginuing to be touched with gold and brown. Oat.ol-doore, life at the farm went on bcheerily; the farmer looked it possible,. healthier and happier than ever. " Dear grannie I" said Violet, om· bracing the old lady with warmth, "Beverley Lodge is charming, and I love Froda; but hero is home ; this is a dearer place than any other spot upon earth 1" "Tellyou what, wifol" exclaimed the delighted farmer. with a tear and twinkle of merriment in his fine blue eyes, " toll you what I we shall never get rid of our Violet at this rate, When any young follow comee courting her, as may happen some day, sho'll tell him she can't leave Booeech Farm I" And so things returned quite hap. pily to their usual course. But was Violet as of yore? As of yore, sheo donned her old grey riding-skirt and black hat, and rode into the next town, or over the hills by the side of Farmer Rosely; as of yore, she played obeess with him when evening fell; ohattered to her grandmother; made dainty caps for her ; walked with her about the garden; and played sweeot harmonious melodies, making/.the house resound with music in quiet hours. Yos l all went on as before with Violet; but yet the dear grand. mother felt au uneasy belief that the .girl was not happy. And she wao not, indeed. Gould she over forgot the ring of'despair in Vivian's voice as she dropped the cirolot of pearls into his hand ? How greatly she had afeerwardo longed for another moment of time for explana tion I But none omas. Mrs. Stowart would not leave them; and when, perforce, they returned to the ball. room, Vivian had to fulfil other engagements, and Violet was claimed by other partners. Sad at heart, the young girl had Sretired to rest, only to heavon awaking that Mr. Everseloy had been tele graphed for, as his unolo had been seized with serious illness in, the course of the night. News came, from time to time, of Sir Henry Everloey'e state of health. He was better; hoped to be moved to the Manor in us week or ten days. It was Lottie who wrote, in answer to Lady St. ]Beoverley's polite inquiries, Lottio who said that her brother hardly left theo siok room, as her unolo callod for him whenover he left the invalid's bodside. Thus ton days had gone by, and thenou Froda had unwillingly soon Violet depart for home, as we have said, aho took up so gladly her past lifo ones again. " They say Sir Henry is really mending now; and the housekeeoper at the Mauor has got orders to have everything in readiness for Tuesday next," said the farmer, as he and his wife and Violet sat down to dinnor one Sunday. Well, 'twill be ohoorful to have the old place tenanted again," re marked Mrs. Rlosoly. Violet said nothing, but blushed with painful emotion. Someday, and before long, would sheo hoear that Lady aynthia was coming to live at the Manor? Those thoughts made her so sad, that a tear, which would not be re pressed, forced its way. Next day, as Violet entered the small room where breakfast wao laid oat so daintily yet so simply, sheo hoard her grandfathor's voioo in the garden beyond; for the morning sun shone resplendently, and the warm autumn air blow softly in at the wido open windows. " Well, well. How sudden and how sad. Two days before he was to be weolcomed back at his old homo. And it happoaened in tihe night, you say ?" asked the farmer, with deep concorn. Violet soon learnt what had oo. ourrsed, Sir Helonry Evereloy wase dead. Ho had beeoon suddenly takeno worse, and had expired at his sister's house in the north late on Saturday eveninug. The whole of the noighbourhood was moved by the intelligence; but the whole neuoighbourhood wase quite ready to woloome the young heir. Vivian was now Sir Vivian Evors. loy, the owner of Evoroloy Manor and all that went with it. What had she to do with him? Could eho expoot that he would lay such a position at her feeoot ? She did not, and yet was very sad. Mueh as sho previously had grieved over it, shebo now rejoieood that eko had restored the rinug. A weeook passed, during whioh oevery. one talked of the approaohing funeral. And then Sir Heonry's body was brought baok to the old Manor, and laid with muoh pomp and oeromony beside the defuncot nncestors. Sir Viviaun Ever lay eas chief mourner. People said he looked both ill and sorrowful; but he remained only two days at the Manor, and then loft to attend to business in town. "No letter, Thomas, from your cousin again this morning," said Mrs. losoly anxiously, a full weoolk after the funeral. "It does make mre so ansi. oun when they don't write, for you know how ill he is, and remember what bad news we got the day whou we expeooted a letter and none came." "But hero is a letter, maybo from him, for I can see the postboy comin' this way along the field." The letter proved to be from the son ofthoir sufflering relative. Itbogged Mr. and Mrs, Rosoly would go over at once, as their cousiu was not expooted to live through the day. So the old pony carrisgo was madoe ready in henote for the farmer and his wife; and old Busan, who had boon for fifteeoon years at the farm, was ouajoined to take oro of Miso Violet; and an hoar luter Violet's so-called grandparents drove slowly away. Sho stood, looking sorrowfully after them, full pf sad musing. Frolio lay quietly at her foot, and the young girlwent oveir again in thought her talk witl her kind guardians about Mrs, 8towart., They were inclined not to attach any moaning to the old woman's story in connction withl Violet. They thought it was more fanoy that Mrs. Stewart wished to avoid her; and that the ooincidenoo of name was a chance one. " You eoe, my dearie," said the farmer, " this Mrs. Stewart is a sort of relation to the St. Boverley family; they know all about her, and I don't know what you could do in the matter. But we'll loop our eyes and oars open." After a time, Violet went into the house and occupied herself with her drawing, wondering if the reason why she found that study so easy and de. lightful was because she inherited the gift from the lady who had taught her to address lier as sister. In doe time, Susan brought inutLo early dinner; and after her short meal was despatched Violet went and sat in the garden, reading. The sleek cows came to put their noses over the iron railings which separated the pase tureo land from the garden; the hills in the distanee were deeply blue; birds twittered in the beoh.boughs; it was loes lonely out of doors than in the empty house. The afternoon shadows lay aslant over the pleasant little garden, as rusan came out past the rose.bushes, to bring MissViolet a cup of tea. "Missun and Master won't be hero for sure 'till ten o'clock, miss," said •Susan; "aud I don't suppose yon'll have suppor'till they comes in ?" !'"lo, Busan, thank you," roturned Violet. "Jane's wanting to go to the village to see her mother; may she go for an hour or so, Miss Violet ?" nasked Sceen. "Oh I yes, Susaul I You will hbe hero, and we don't live far from any of the cottages. Besides, there is nothing to fear." Violet lingered still an hour in the garden among her flowers, and Frolio accompanied her to every flower.pot; but when he saw Jane crossing the field-Januo whom he had played with sineoo she was twelve years old-he set off with her for a good run, and Violet and old Busan were left alone. But neither of them thought of fool ing lonely, as the shadows of evening closed gently round the old dwelling. CHnAPTER XIV. The house was so still that it in. footed Violet with molancoholy. And yet it was pleasant enough in the long, low.pitoheod sitting- room, whore the white curtains swayedl gently as the warm night air just stirrod them now and thouen, while the broeath of flowers was wafted in. Sho wont and stood by the window, and gazed wistfully towards the hills, moved by a thousanud tender emotions. The mystery shrouding her birth; the pity and regret hlo felt for the troublo her grandparoents might be in ooncerning their dying relative; the sironmsten uce whiOh separated hier from Xsvian Evoreley- all rushed on with added forre as shao eat alone in the fast.oeming twilight. Susaen, the old servant, interrupted her meditations. " Shall I bring the lamp now, miss ? or will yeo bo going again into the garden ?" Violet was about to answer, " bring the lamp, please, Susan," but instead of replying in that manner, aonllod out, " Oh, Busan, Susan, what was that ?" "What was what, my dear Miss Violet ? La, hIow you startled me I" "Ohl I was it my faney, Susan? You'll Iughl at me, for it must have boon. I thought I saw a black.robod figure pass along the passagoe; and thou I salled ont. I think I am norv oUn. IHow silly it was of me to startle you lI If anyone hIad been thero we should hlave heoard footsteps, shouldn't we ?" " That we should," said Susan, with a laugh. "We've no ghosts, here. aboats, Miss Violet, or I'd set it down that you hIad seeoon one." "Of coourso it was the gloom of the pasesnge--the shadow as I turned my eyes from the sky. But really, Busian, for a moment it looked like a figure, with a flowing blacok robe and a dark hood." "I'll go and fotoh the lamp, Miss Violet," laughed Busan; "thon we shall sonee anyone as comes. But you may be sure and certain that none Ibut ghosts walkl without making some. thing of a noise." " Well, thore is someone now, and no mistake," oontinuod she, asno a firm, quiek tread, followed by a ring at the door-bell, was heard distinctly at the open house-door. "Thast's no ghost though, Miss Violet. Didn't I toll you we should hoar footsteps if any. one was there ?" "Go and seeo who it is, please, Susan," said Violet, softly. ]i'rom the spot whore she stood lio, toning, Violet could easily distinguish the words and voios of the visitor. "Is Miss flosely at home, or Mrs. Rosely ?" " No, sir; leastways, missus and master are gone over to B3roomsvalo, but Miss Violet's at home." "Well you askl her if she will soee me P' Tho voiceo made Niolot's heart leap up and down and thlen almost ceaoaso boating, for it was the voios of Vivian Evorsloy. Before aelo sould still her emotion, he had followeodSusan into the sitting. rosm. "I'll bring the lamp, miss," said Busan, hastily disappearing to fotoh it, and vexed that the now isquiro of tho Manor ehould come and find the plaes half in darlnoso. "To thlinlk he slsould come along just to-night, when nobody didn't oxpect him, is tire. some," thought she. "' Tain't onse in six months weo're not lighted up rog'lar--nud mister and mistress both out like this. If thsey'd bean at hIomo Miss Violet would ha' been playin' or singin' as grand as you ploaseo," Moanwhilo Vivian had approaohoed Violet. "I hardly Iknoew if I ehould find you hIere," taisd io dcefroutially ; " but I camo to aslt nows of Mrs. iosoly." Bes did not shlao Ihands or speoak eagerly; something in his manner was constrained, and unlike the Vivian she had known. Tears sprang to her eyoe and sharp pains smote her heart; but shbo.triod to repress all signs of fooeeling and enid quietly : " My grandfather and grandmother have driven to Broomsvalo. I fear their onein is dying, but i orpoct both of them home very esoon." "I am very sorry for their trouble," said he, still standing. Sho also was standing, her hat thrown over her arm. There was a moment's silence. At this juuoturo Busan returned with the lamp, the light of which re vealed alike the swoot eadness in Violet's face, and the emotion in rP,~ian's; Sheo sat down hersollf whilo indicat ing a seat for her visitor, but he did not accept it. An intolerable moment passed thus in sileneoo. Then he came near her annd spoke with repressed fooling. "You will havo hoard how much has happened sinco we met at Bover ley Lodge ?--so much to claim all my attention to the exclueion of other things? My poor onolo was harsh sometimes, but horsh only to what lhe thought called for harshness; and wheon (ho last illness came, and he would not allow me to leave him, I felt it hard indeed to watch by his bed, without much hope that he could recover." " Oh I yes," ejaoulat?a Violot. "Well, I could not leave him for a day, rarely for an hour; and when all was over, a thousand businoness details claimed my attention. "I toll you this," he went on, "beooauso it may have seoomed that I aoquiosood in what passed whou we last saw oaah other; though, heaven knows, no day or hour has oinceo gone by that I havo not longed to make you know that I never accepted your do. cision for a moment 1" 8ho longed to say, "what doci. sionu " to relievo her overcharged heart by tears; to call out, "Oh, Vivian I why do you torturo meoP Lot us be friends again, as in our childish days I" But ao was foreood to sit there, impassive and cold, only that now she could no longer poeak loot tears should fall. "Violet," he o criod suddenly, "I can bear this no longer. I have come down from London to-day, leaving business to its fate, to implore you not to refuse to hoeep my ring. Don't you remember when it was given ? Why do you wish to return it now ?" "Why ? Because you are about to marry Lady Cynthia. She alone should have your gifts; she alone should have your affection now. And I am too proud to keeoop a gift which was but a torken of friendship you can not own before the world." Thus she oould have answeoroed him were it the habit of our lives to auswvor in plain words; but that could not be. It was indeed dificoult to her to frame any hind of reply; and boe. fore sho could do so, hle burot out impetuously : "What have I done, tell me, that you should return my gift, and with it crush so many hopos ?" And to this, too, what could she answer? .Thero are some questions altogother too diffioult for us. When she should have boon moat cool and collected she faltered, strove to hide her emotion- only for a floeeting second, for in that instant he was by her side. "You must answer, Violet, for everything depends on it for me. If you do not consont to receive back that ring, how shall I heboar it? Hero it is," he continoued, taking one of her hands in his, and holding the small circle of pearls in the other. " Violet, dearest, will you take it, and with it my unbounded love ?" Even now she made no answer in words, but a swift rush of joyful emotion, of mantling eolout, which tinted her onchanting faeoo, made no words nnenooossary. "Speak to me, dearest," he mur mured, covering her hair and brow with kiessos. "Haven't you under stood that you have always boon dearer to me than anyone elseo in all the world ?" Then Violet whispered, " but Lady Cynthia P" "What I" hle cried, oncircling her alight form tenderly. "So yelou also believed that rumour ?" "fHow could I help it 2" she fal torod. "When we wont to Ohantloy Wilds, you and she-" "When we wont to Ohantloy Wilde," he interrupted, "all the time I was dying to ride with you, but Lady Cynthia viotimised me; ashod me point.blanklr to escort her; declarod that the horse she rode hlad a trick of shying; that she should never have courage to go unless I keopt at her side; that it would upset the whole party if she said, at the last moment, abshe must stay behind or have another horse; and, of course, I consented. But I did so with roelucotanoo hardly hidden; hoping all the time to have the happiness of a word with you somehow; but there was so largo a party, and Lady Oynthia was too sharp for me I" With this, he got hold of one of her hands, and quietly slid the pearl cirolet into its old ooustomed plaeoo. "It shall stay there, beloved, until I exchango it for another ring. Oh, Violet I there is nothing to separate us now; and I-I am blest above all other men I" " And I above all women I" Violet could have answeoroled, as the happy tears felol fast. " My darling I if you could not have said yes to mo, I must have shut up the Manor and wandered abroard for years. Now you will gladden it with your prosonoo, and make it homo, in. dead," "But, Vivian," ehe returned, as Iher hand lay clasped in hIris, "there is an obstaloe-a reason for our oopara. tion. Youo might be forgiven for hesitating to give your old and honoured name to one who never Ienow oher own. I do not forgot the diffeoronooe in our positions. Your siotor Lottio will be so much disap. pointed. And-aud ol, Vivian I now I feeool how sore a thing it is to be without a name, separated from all others." " My own darling," he interrupted, "cannot my affeotion reconciloe you oven to thatP For now you know that you are loved for your own swoot self only; that yeou far onutwlgh those things on which others set oo great a etore. It rejoices me that I have found you thus, for now you will believe in my love. Could the lougest podigree in tho world vio with one emile from you ?"' "Oh, Vivinu I" she cried, raising her luminous eyes floil of the light of joy; "if I thought I oould make you happy-that you would never regret "Never regret what ?--this hap. piest moment of my lifo? Come, darling; I know it would kill me to lose you. And could you say good by to me ond be happy? Come, I will be answoreodl Is it 'yes,' or She whispored with railiant laoo theo sbort word "no. "Never lover rejoioed so muha to hear thi.t word," said he in tones of deep nifeotion. CIHAPTER XV. He had drawn her into the garden: and they stood together, lost to all the world but themselves. Entire bliss filled Violet's heart; entire gladness of soul absorbed Vivian. It would be a joyful tale to tell her grandparents on their roteru. Oh, what a glad future it was for any girl to have before her I But could anything be swoeetor than this hour, under the starlit sky, in the flower-soouted gar don, as they claepod hands in the supreme silence of happinese ? How many, times was their good night repeated ? We will not stay to count I but at last the joyful girl stood alone within her happy home no longer lonely in heart but the affianced bride of Sir Vivian Everoloy. Up tho old wide staircase boe passed quickly, not feeoling in tune to talk to old Busen just then. The kitchen was no mnle serprated by the stairaonse and wide passages from the apartments above, that the young girl was in solitude ac complete as if she had beeoon in a separate dwelling. Softly entering her chamber, she cloeod the door, and was advancing towards her toilette table, intending to muse by the open window before lighting her candle, when her foot stops were suddenly arrested, and she could neither move nor utter a sound. For, in the dimness and gloom that shrouded the space around her, she could diooorn--aud now there was no doubt that her eyos did not dooeeive her-that same dark-robed, hooded figure, the appearaneoo of whioh had so etartled her when she had cried out in fear to Susan earlier this very even ing. But now she was alono--yee, alone -with this mysterious intruder, who could move about without creating a sound, and who now remained, a black but too well-defined shadow, gazing fixedly upon hebor in the isola tion of her own apartment. The utmost terror took possession of the young girl. Who was this noisolose vioitant, gliding so silently and so persistently after her ? And there they stood, fareoo to faoo- theo defencolose girl and the hooded night prowler. This fearful situation lasted-how long ? Violet wea in no etatoe of mind to oompute. She oily know that the figure moved, attempting to get be tweeoon her and the door, with the evi doent intention of looking it seourely, and thus imprisoning her. Thin evident purpoose shook her free from the spoll of terror which bound her, and eho uttered a pieroing ory "Help I oh, help, Vivian I"--and sank holploesly on a chair. Then the noisolos figure approachod her swiftly, monacingly. " Huesh I" it said-and oh, the terror those saooonts iuepiredl I - " Hush I Now, at last, it is my turn I It is for me to dictato, and for you to obey l 8ilence I Dare not to utter one sound, or bitter repentance will follow l" And a strong hand grasped the young girl's trembling frame. She tried to move, but she was help loss. What wasto follow? In utter fear, Violet waited, power less, for what ehould happen next. In comi-darknoone, in oompleto icola tion froem any help, unknowing who this enemy could be who thus aneailed her, the words she would have uttered died away on her lipn. Suddenly, in the awful stillness, came a sound-a sound of swift-aom ing footsteps-a voice calling " Violet I Violet I" Then did she find voieoo at last, and oried piercingly, " Here I-oh, here I" On came the swift tread, and in a momont more Vivian entered, breath leoss. "Violet, what is it? I was in the gardon, and heard your cry I" Then he, too, in the dim light naw tho black-robod figure, which shrank back in its turn terror-stricken. Gently, but firmly, Vivian seiced that figure in his grasp, for he dic corned that the intruder was a woman. With the entrance of Vivian Violet recovered her power of movement, and springing up hastoned to light a taper and thouen the candles which stood near. "Next look the door, Violet," said Vivian quietly; and sheo followed his direootion. Then both turned to ooe who this unweloo.J intruder could bo. And who was she ? Violet at loeasnt had encountered her before, for she wore the dress of a sister of mercy. But yet-yet her face was surely otheorwiso familiar? Even under this uncouth garb they at the same moront rcoogniaoed it, and Vivian relaned hic hold, faltering the words "Mrs. Stow. art ?" Yes I it wae certain that the fashion able lady whom both had mot no a gueot at Lord St. Boverloy'o was now before them in bthis strange disguino, and that it was ebo who had entered the house nsurroptitiously. "Mra. Stowart," repeated Vivianu, addroesing her by name, "you must be aware that this conduct exacts a full explanation, failing which it will be my duty to soee that you do not leave this honooe otherwise than n.n prisoner." It is impossible to exproo the ecffoot Vivian's prooonoo and words had upon the dauntosd woman. She had plainly coanted on having to deal with Violet alone, and was now utterly boaten A moment olapeod before she spoke; but in that instant she had decided on her course. " You wish for the truth," she said, with a faltering voice. " Well, you ehall have it. I have no other course now." Then, turning to Violet: " You shall know why I came hlre; why I disguised mnyself oneo before to mooet you; why I then begged you to wear your diamonds; why I dogged your footsteps at Beverley Lodge; and why I am hero tornight, gliding about the houne with slippered foot. "I am your mother. What do I seek ? Your diamonde--tho jowels I bestowed on you iu childhood. They are a nooeessity to me now-now that I am a ohildlese widow, my own large moans wasted by a spendthrift huse band. You could deceive me by assuring me you had never heboard of those jewels, when all the while you had lout them to a stranger. Oh II overheard your talk, and then deter. mined to re.possoes mynself of them. You had ample means for your sta tion, while I was desperate. How was I to go on living in the fashion able world without means ? Now do your worst; but rememberlthat I am your mother." Violet had sunkl bank speoehless, nor oould shebo oven now find uttorance. But Vivian spokelro: "If that be true you must substan tiats your assertion. I have a right to demand it, for all my hopes of hap. piness depend on making Violet Rooely my wifo." " She is not Violet Rosely; her real name is Beverley. No creature was awaro of my first hidden marriage with the poor curato's son. It is a touohing love- story I" she cried with mingled piathos and sareeasm in her voice. " Would you like to hear it ?" She paused for a sooond, but wont on without waiting for a reply: "I passed a glad girlhood in the society of my grandfathor and my great-grandfather, who were bringing me up after their own fashion. I got so weary of hearing my grandfathero say the same thioge every day, of the two hours' dinner, of the droning breaklfast, lauonhoon, tea; of pottering about theo garden, the day all pareoolled out; of being told just what to eat, drink, and how long to sleeoop, I so pined for a little companionship with someoone uotquite so seni!o as seventy. five or nineoty-eoovonty, that I supple menoted their sooioty by that of the old ourato's older son, not knowing what a crafty pair I had to deal with in my soemingly devoted lover and his clover parent. Hfow should I have guessed at soventeen? Well, the parson managed-how kindly I to marry use legally; for he, though of a good family, was poor enough, and saw a way to ample means through the fortune I wan to inherit. The cunning old man arranged with my grandfather that I should pay a short visit to hie sistur; in reality, I went off for my honeymoon trip. No human being know the truth but the old man and hio oldest son, for a whisper of my sooret marriage would have imperilled my fortune. "Well, a fortnight after my wedding my husband died suddenly of heart. disease, and I was saved from too muoh grief by finding some letters of my dear husband's addressed to his old father, in which he bitterly complained that his want of prospects foread him to marry me, instead of his adorned Therensa: I had not roe covered this blow when I hoard of the old ourato's death from the same disease as that which had killed my husband, and I dotermined that none of the crow should over be made aware of my connection with them, nor even hlvo it in their power to persecute me for money. So I went home, and in due time inherited the wealth I rad been married for, but not before you woro born, at that old sottage, apart from all the world, on Ohautley Wilds, Did you like the look of the place the other day ? "Well, I was very young thenou, and looked younger; and afterwards, when I removed you from your birthplaeao, I taught you to call me sister,' hae. ing formed the plan, which after. wards anuosoodoed so well, of getting rid of you altogether and yot providing a comfortable future for you. .The com panios who was with me in the lonely oottageo'whpen you wore born was my only sister. I had lived apart from her all my lifeo; but I told her the truth under the pressure of ciroum stances, and she consented to be silent, for she dreaded a brseath of scandal, and, besides, I bribed her to secreocy. She it was who took you to different seaside plaoes, calling you her niooe; but you lived mostly at a farmhouse, with people who supposed your parents were in India. My sister died just before I tookle you to Boech Farm, aind I thlon married the Bonor. able Oharlos Stewart, just at the time when my first busband's family, or rather his youngest brother, sue. oseeded, through the death of inter voning heirs, to the title and estatos of Boverley. You are the niece of the present Lord St. Beverley, Violet. Now, will you lend me your dia monds P" At last the muoh-shookod girl found voieo. "lMothor I Are you my mother ? The jewels are yours l" she oried, clasping bher hands in busy agitation. "In return for them I will satisfy the world that you belong loghlly to theo St. Boeverley family. Bat no heroios. I shall receive the diamonds in exchango for the papers proving your parnentage,. As Lady Everloy, you will olack jewels, so you have made a good bargain." Wnon the dear old couple returned, they heard, with heartfolt joy, of their darling's engagement to Vivian; and with unbounded thankunlness of the mystery of her birth being cleared up at this juncture. Anud in due time that is, on Violet's eighteenth birthday -tho sun sholne in no chooeerfully no we have over soon it lshino into that same old sitting- rooin whereo Vivian had do slared his love for her. There the good farmer and Mrs. Ionsely wore sit ting together, their handsome old faces beaming with happiness., They have just returned from a journey north, and are discussing it now with great satisfaction. Lot us listen for one moment to what they are aying, and owe shall learn what it was that had so delighted them. "El, truly our darling did look look happy I And it~ was a fair bridal, Thomas. My old heart danceso for joy I For 3?'ll be just tho Eama Violet to us as Lady Everslcy tas wbaon she lived here and made thle house full of life. And how happy 'twill be to have her near no at thiu Panor I" "Ahl I said the farmer, drawing a deep breath; "ho wauted no jowe!la to makeo her look fair on her wedding day, for she is theo brightest jewel man over wotI." You seeo, they were discusesing violet's bridal festivities, which hat booen celebrated at Beverley Lodge, Frada being chief bridensmaid., But Violet's mother refuased all her mother's kind advances and went to live abroad as ebo had advantagoonoly disposed of the diamonds, whiolh Vivian aceeoroely bought back in order to bestow them on his bride; and as hio gift she had received them anew as h6r very own. That eamO aummer, dear iMre. Rosoly read, with pardonable pride, this notice in Thie Times, among the list of thoso presented at court: " Lady Eversloy, on her marriage, by LOdy St. Boverloy." And Freda, readiag the same an nouncement aloud, said to Violet with .a smile: " Who said sho would eertainuly never be presented--oh, Cousin Vie. let P' THE END. 