THE LOST ART OF WALKING! '' Murty,' in tbe Irish Times (Dublin), writes to his cousin Denis as follows ; — I don't know bow it's over with you, but in this bailiwick and municipality the strangest and most novel ex periences is in store for us. Time was when you and I thought no enjoyment better than settin' off for a long leg stroll, which was all the more agree able if it was to come to a rest before returnin' at Nancy Hands, the Pretty Kitchen, or the Strawberry Beds ; and ?after sich a stride we came back in good heart and sinew, fit for fun and fightin', whichever was in fashion,' and independent of the pill-gilders. But now waikin' is a lost art ! I'm thinkin' of gettin' up a society to teach boys ?and girls the use of their limbs, and encourage them again in the practice of employin' the same The other day, -for the sake of old customs, the three of as, the Cobbler, Sawnny, and my self, set out for a brogue performance Jrotn Dublin Castle to Malahide, which -as a walk to us is neither here nor there, and the niormn' being brisk and finp.it was most enjoyable. There was chat and laugh and lilt by tbe way, and .'batween chatiin' the. girls we met and flingin' back jibes at the carmen that inquired whether we were tryin' to wear out our uppers or couldn't afford the price of a jaunt, we (mule a deliglit ful journey. I may as well tell you that as we were startin' wo fell, in consequence of what wo saw in the papers, to debatin' on the right of the non-walkers, tlie perambulators, to occupy the footpaths, and as the College-man wasn't with us, havin' a fit of larnerl laziness, the Cobbler was eloquent again the treadle, which we said on or off the sideway was a dis grace to all honest leather. I, for argument sake, took the side of Dunlop. The wrangle grew furious at one time, by reason of the Sawney goin' hard again the cyclers. I couldn't for the Jife of me tell for what until at last I recollected that the gaudy and scant get-up of a Highlander wouldn't look too well on a pneumatic. But after this went on for about five mile of the country shingle, 1 ventured to ask tue -company to judge the matter by the facts present to our observation. ?' Now,' sez I, ' since we set forth on this darin' exhibition, of heel and toe, what have we witnessed ? .How many pedestrians like us have we en countered ? ' Well,' sez the Shoe maker,' 1 believe the sorra another trio, barrin' ourselves ! ' ' That's bo,' *ez I ; ' and what else have we met ? ' ' Well, then, in troth,' sez he, ' eince you mention, it I was conr.tin' the wheelers and wheeleresses between Ballybough Bridge and Portirrrnock, ?whereabouts we are now, and how many d'ye think is on my record?' ?' I wasn't icindin',' sez I, ' and can't tell.' ' Well,' ecz he, ?? there ni in all — here's tie jottin' of it — two hundred and ben pants nnd three hun dred skirtere, all plougliin' along for tbe bare life, as if their existence de pended on coverin' ground, with their beads bent and their necks craned and ?crooked. Now,' sez he, '\i the ?waikin' population has ceased to exist, and the whole community is sittin' and crouchin' over handles, and tread tnillin' all .the day long, what's the need for disputin' about the Footpaths ? If the side walks has no walkers, if tha place is deserted by them, whether because they're no longer to the fore, or is effectually drive a ofl the course, Where's the sense of not perauttin' the new people to occupy their place and appropriate tlicir privilege? Aren't we coutendin' about notliia' if there's no footmen or women left, and all the spinsters and urchins is in the modern cavalry corps, and experts in chargin' the obstrueters that may chance, once in an hour or so, to be found upon the surface f I couldn't resist the logic. If waikin' has l-een left only for paupers lhat can't scrape up the instal ments on a three years' or any other system for a Grappler barouche, then wliy should the pedestrian claim a monopoly of the road? I'll let the wheel have free cooree.' ' Put,' sez I, ' Cobbler, wouldn't you be satisfied if there was a taz. on the same riras to go to the funds of the Bootclosers' Uuion for tbe support o£ the sons of St. Crispin flung out of employment by the disuse of bluchers ?' 'Yes,' sez he, ' that would be restitution, and as much desired by us, as recompense for loss of rent that I see is claimed by the landlords ; the Government \s bound to £ta::d by us, and see that leather geis fair play. What's the use of a paternal Administration unless it looks after the stall as well as the paiacn ? ' So we agreed there and then to pass a resolution calliu' for legislative interference to compel the wheeimen to pay a sum each for leave to ride on or off the footpaths, tbe money to go to assist tlio shoemakers thrown out of bread by the Indian rubber brigade ! Seriously, I'm not sure that wheelin' is so good for tang or limb as the boys make out that has no other business but runnin' shares. A nice leisurely ride, I confess, might breathe you and stir the blood, but unfortunately, -j. rider that goes reasonably aisy in con sidered only n tyro, which nobody seems to like to be, and in order to prevent that reproach all spins and spurts, and careers along, sl\pwin' off magnificently, which is too hard work, in my thinkin', for half the spalpeens that's at it, not to talk of the slim craytures of the other sex that I've seen like ghosts from some other world after an afternoon's twenty mile or so, enough to frighten off for ever any dacent boy that came honest to coort them i There's marvellous overdoin' in the same modern cyclin', ana not to speak or the accidents, the time will come when some conscientious doctor, if sich in regard to cyclin' there be, will up and tell the people straight that a good stand-up walk is preferable any day, for health at any rate, to an attitude of doubled shoulders and stooped brow on a go-cart. Iteferrin' to black eyes, broken elbows, ankles disjointed, and general smash- ups, I'm sure that if we had an accurate record from all the hospitals and from private practitioners and gravediggers ot tlie casualties, wed discover that no losses in battle has equalled in number in later years, either among Afiidas, Darvishes, or STata bolae, the deaths from over-hard btkin'. It's in my own knowin' among any ' circle ' that ten promisiu' boys and eight handsome colleens has been put in splints from goin' the pace with the wi!d enthusiasm of youth on the tyres of the crafty promoters of the ungainly pastime. Mind, I don't go again it, either for pleasure or business. Everything in moderation. Only as I started by sayin', let all honour still be paid to the class of Strollers, men and women, that walks instead of loungm all the day in penny trams or goin' to ' at homes ' in the suburbs like a flock of birds on dangerous wing. There's nothin' equal tothe old-fashioned stride, that covers the ground fast enough at four miles an hour, and revives every fibre wholesomely. Let us prache, Denis the doctrine of the Bi-ped, which is better than that of the Ui-cycle ! There ought to be waikin' clubs got up this summer to restore to the people the use of their limbs. Then you'd see what carriage they'd have ! Pine, smart, strapping erect highwaymen and women, instead of crouch and twist, and stoop and crane. 