PERSONALITIES. The late Sir George Grey was Go vernor of three Australasian colonies. Tom Busst, the one-time champion cyclist, has settled in Perth, and talks of donning silk. Rumored that a plethoric owner of racehorses and his pet jockey are not just now on the best of terms. Rowley Rees has been ^introduced into a topical song at the Cremorne Gardens, Perth. Fame at last! Beware of the person 'who adver tises for a lady companion and requires stamps for a reply. It's an old game. Morgan Meyrick, lately sub-editor of our 'Tiser, is now acting as manager for the Gourlay theatrical company in Westralia. The Dreyfus case is to Paris what the Hospital trouble was to Adelaide. One is never sure what is going to happen next. George Black, ex-M.P. of New South Wales, and once connected with the BulletiN literary staff, is now editing the Libor organ at Broken Hill. A New Zealand young man bised his claim for entrance to the Police Force on i^he fact that he " once pulled a policeman out of a tight place." " By remarkable good fortune none of the British officers was injured."— Cablegram. What about the common Tommy Atkins ? He doesn't count. Chief Justice Way spoke of Artist Ashton's Academy of Arts as an in stitution " so ably conducted by my friend, Mr. Ashton," and " Jimmy" actually blushed. A lady resident east of the city recently received a parcel from a large drapery firm in the metropolis ad dressed, " Kent Terrace, near the Maiden Magpie." In Palmer Place, North Adelaide, are living the Jays, the Swans, and the Peacocks. Not a bad collection of names of the feathered tribe for one thoroughfare, is it ? The drummer of the Conservatorium Orchestra supplied the applause for the Chief J us bice's speech on Monday. He punctuated every good point by pounding on the parchment. Commissioner of Railways Piesse, W. A., who has gained notoriety by an alleged fight with a private M.P., has just discovered that he is of French origin, and now writes his name Piess& The fight is now denied. ^ome of our fire-eating military men are quite opposed to the Czar's scheme for the disarmament of the nations. " We should have nothing to do on Saturdays," they, not unnaturally, remark. Mr. T. Smythe, "of South Aus tralia, an employ^ of the Railway Department," was on September 6 married at Perth to Mrs. Alice Tindall, sister of Mr. John Boor, of Barrack Street, Perth. Clare's Weekly (W.A) tells a story of the wife of a civic official who in the dressing-room' of a Perth theatre gave the attendant threepence, with the remark, "I haven't given you any thing for a long time, have I V Scene : Wayside shanty. Tarpot, the half-caste, gets outside big fellah glass of beer. Mr. Publichouse: "Here, now then, part up for that drink." Tarpot: " Nebber min', ole man, we gib it strap this plurry time." M. H. Madge—used not " Pasquin " Mitford to call him the " Holy Baker ?'—tried to work off a little speech on the advantages of Friendly Societies at the Maley benefit concert on Monday night, but the gods refused to hear him. Three Chinamen were warm sup porters of the " five bob" tote at the Hunt Club races last Saturday. One of the Celestials invested 15s. on Kase and got bick <£19 Is. for his trouble. How do these foreign devils get their information ? Louis XIV., of France, after a visit to England, exclaimed, " What a strange country! Twenty religions and one sauce." If the W.C.T.U. ever have their way it will be said of South Australia, "What a miserable country ! Twenty religions and no drink." King O'Malley wants Kangaroo Island to return a member to the House of Assembly. The Island would be as good as a pocket borough to the King. Some of the residents still read his pamphlet, circulated at the time of the last election, every Sunday; indeed it has become a sorb of Family Bible to them. Mr. F. T. * Robertson, of the editorial staff of the Advertiser, has been connected with the literary department of the paper for nearly a quarter of a century. Fred can write a leading article oa any subject from " The use of benedust as a fertilizer " to " The Constitutionality of the Ten Com mandments." Private hospitals have been styled the experimental farms of young doctors. They should all be under Government supervision. The better cla^s of hospitals have nothing to fear, but there are rattraps in this city in which the patients are so crowded together that there isn't enough oxygen to keep a toad alive. In another column will be found an account of the weighing of fourteen licensed victuallers and an outsider whose gross bulk was 1 ton 8 cwt. 1 qr. " Ling Charlie," the me allician, threatens to bring along five men, including himself, who will put up a far higher average. He has, it seems, a quintette of 18 stone men all ready for the contest. A certain firm of grocers—it ought not to be difficult to pick in once— have, it is alleged, refused to allow their employes to take park in the grocers' picnic, which is to be held at National Park next month, for the reason that intoxicating liquors are to be sold on the ground. Such Peck sniff! anism is insufferable; nay, more, it is intolerant and stupid. Sergeant Allchurch has been so long stationed at Glenelg—just 30 years— that he had become as it were a part of the furniture of the place, like the "villa within two minutes' walk of the baths," and all that sort of thing. Allchurch was a conscientious police man with an inherent dislike to larri kinism, and he managed to keep Glenelg tolerably free from " pushes " and such like gentry. Irate hairdressers are enquiring how often M.'sP. get their hair cut, and they are thinking of drafcing a Bill provid ing that legislators' back hair shall be trimmed at least onee a week. Cald well, being a poet, will be exempted in a special schedule, and John Miller will have to be let off with an occasional shampoo. He has long passed beyond the reaeh of the shears, and doesn't know what a parting is. Mr. George Ado Grimm has for warded to Quiz a copy of his little work, entitled "Grimm's Universal Rapid Reckoner." In these days of commercial hurry the man who pro duces a simple method of solving arithmetical problems and so eases the brain of much unnecessary calcula tion must be regarded as a public benefactor. Mr. Grimm appears to have done his work excellently, and his book has met with the approval of all the leading educational authorities in Adelaide. Quiz agrees with the Register for once, and the subject is the Children's Protection Bill now before the Legis lative Council. The provisions of the measure are drastic and ab3urd. What is requirod in the interests of morality is an extension of the powers of the Police Act, so as to clear our thoroughfares of juvenile promenaders at night time. Added to this there should be an application of the prin ciples of the C.D. Act. Of course the present Bill will be thrown out, and then—well, is there a legislator with pluck enough to attack the larger question ? Lady Brassey evidently balievas in making herself conspicuous, and so goes in for loud colors when the oppor tunity offers. At the June drawing room a carnation pink satin gown with Brussels lace and a pansy velvet train lined with opal miroir moire velvet was worn by her. Sounds shocking, doesn't it? Just the thing you would imagine the widow of a successful sly-grog shanty proprietor in the wilds of Australia would choose on the occasion of her sbciety debut. The art of dressing well is by no means exclusive with the aristocracy of England.—Gertrude. In view of the Hooley exposures, the revival of "The Gondoliers" at London Savoy is peculiarly apt. As the Duke remarks— I sit by selection Upon the direction Of several companies bubble. As soon as they're floated I'm freely bank-noted, I'm pretty well paid for my trouble ! In short, if you'll kindle The spark of a swindle Lure simpletons into your clutches, Or hoodwink a debtor, You cannot do better Than trot out you Duke or your Duchess. His XXX laid the foundation stone of the Elder Conservatorium of Music, a purely secular institution, "in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost." The old gentleman must have forgotten where he was, and it u only surprising to find that at the con clusion of the ceremony he did not make the announcement, "We will no^i join in singing *The Old Hunderedth.'' 03nsidering the little jars there arc likely to be in the Conservatorium, and the bitter opposition of private music teachers to the new adjunct to the University, the dedication appears to be some what blasphemous. There is a .mighty poor show of getting any more money out of Bounder Cdivert, the promoter of the Weils' Exploration .. Expedition. The young man has come a complete cropper financially, and now he is beginning to ask how the £3,000 he did furnish for. the expedition was expended. Mr. Magarey will doubtless be only too glad to supply the particulars at an early date. As for Mr. Larry Wells, who well nigh sacrificed his life in penetrating the wilds of the West, the public ought to understand that he has not received a single penny of salary. The late C iptaia Lickyer was a sort of Australian Jim Bludso. The craft he commanded was the cra£t, and he would never allow the possibility of its being beaten by any vessel. If the captain had been a landsman he would have gone in for horseracing ; being a weather-beatea old salt he found excite ment in racing at sea. A gallant man, too, was bluff old Lockyer. He always took the saloon lady passengers under his special care, and if he could induce them to mount his bridge he would make love (of course, Platonic) by the hour. And now, like poor Tom Bowling, Tom Lickyer's gone aloft, where there are no saloon lady passen geas and no boats like the Adelaide and Innamincka—nothing but angels, and harps, and palm leaves. Mr. Samuel Tomkiasoo, M.L.G., hgd his loyalty severely shocked on Monday afternoon. The scene was the spot where the Conservatorium of Music is to stand. When His Treble Ex. made his appearance to lay the foundation stone the Orchestra played the National Anthem, and all good people removed their hats. One innocent and respect* able tradesman neglected to do so, and then came these verbal fireworks from the ex-Corporal, the sound being like that of escaping steam from a railway engine :—" Hats off! Hats ofl£ I say! Take off your hat, sir." It looked as though in another moment the offender would have been bonneted, but realising in time that the place whereon he stood was sacred ground he made a grab for his tile, and remained un covered for at least three minutes. And then the ex-Corporal smiled for the first time. 