Dramatic. The Cartwright Company had an unfortunate experience during the week. The company had an excellent house at the Criterion on Saturday night to the double bill of 'Dream Faces' and 'A Marriase of Convenience.' Iu the chief item Miss Edith Morley, daughter of Mr. Cartwright, 'bore a leading part. On Sunday Mies Morley was riding with Mies Kafie Bickards in the Centennial Park, when her horee began cauteriug. She was 60 alarmed that she threw herself off, and sus tained serious cuts about the face and a severe shaking, from which it will take her some time to recover. Mr. Leete had to aiTange for an im mediate change of bill to Carton's comedy ' The Tree of Knowledge,' wliich has been 60 great a success in London, and is doing great busi ness in New fctk and elsewhere. It had not been intended to produce this till Wednesday. The new comedy was duly played on Monday. In it Miss Beatrice Lamb takes her own place as pleading lady m the part of an adventuress. The i«bmedy is of the ' problem '* school, of which the -IWBt was 'The Second Mrs. Tanqueray.' Mrs. Tanqueray, in spite of her querulousness and utter hopelessness deeiredto end her evil ways. Belle, the evfl. heroine of Mr. Carton's comedy, revels in her iniquities, and remains usregener&te; to the last. In the first act we find Nigil Stanyon, a young ex-divinity student, telling of a woman who 10 years before had lived with him on the Continent and ruined his life and left him for a richer man. Tho recital is . interrupted by the arrival of Brian Hollingworth, a boy friend, who tells that he has just married the sweetest woman on earth. The pride proves to be the adventuress, and next morn ing sue suggests to her old lover Wat they be again . friends or something . more, a suggestion re pudiated indignantly. Then she discovers that her young husband is not the rich man fihe thought he was, bis father having just informed htm of their ruin. Belle promptly Begins dalliance with Lcftus Roupell, a rich young friend of her husband, with whom ehe arranges to elope. Stanyon strives to frustrate this, and she accuses him to her husband of being himself the culprit, and the husband breaks with his would-be saviour. Directly the latter is cut of the way Belle induces her husband to take a sleeping draught, and then carries out her elopmeut. A gainst this inephitic plot is a counter plot of the wholesome love of a young girl Mouica Blayne, who finally crowns the life which Stanyon had regarded as blasted by his early sin. The dialogue is unusually crisp and clever, and the situa tion good if at times risque. Mr. Cartwright is the Stanvon, and givBs a strong impersonation, even though, as one is apt to reflect in the cafe of Mr. Wilson Barrett and other English actore, he occa BioDally raises his voice in confidential talk to a pitch which no man talking confidences would use. This is instanced iu one dialogue with Brian on his matrimonial troubles. Mr. Thursby makes a fine boyish Brian, and Mr. Arthur Styan plays cleverly as the cynic lloupelJ. Mr. Storey Gof ton gives a, good sketch of an eccentric old Major Blencce. the prompter was much in evidence when he was on the stage on Saturday night— the hasty produc tion no doubt the cause. Mr. Manners makes a very young-lookiug father lor Brian. Miss Cathenno Stewart plays with much intelligence as Wigil s mother, and Mus GethynDaiTafih, who placed Monica, is evidently a bright and taking actress. Miss Isoni Rickards appeared as a maid, and Mr. Bryan as her father a comic poacher. Miss , Beatrice Lamb had the dotmnatirg paV.of the adventurous Be'.Ic, the vroman fchose devilieh beauty enthralled a.11 men, and whose utter lack of emotion or moral sense tno.de her doubly dangerous. It was a difficult character to pla v, and she produced a vivid impression in it. ' The Silver King ' cootiuues to be played to ex traordinary business. The rtreptiou which has been accorded this revival and the appreciation of the splendid all-round producction by Mr. Wilson Bar rett and his company arc a further evidence of what a wonderfully popular thiug this pearl among melodramas is. To-night it is to give way to ' Hamlet,' in which Mr. Barrett's reading of the Prince is said to differ materially from those which we have hitherto seen. At the Royal Mr. Bland Holt continues to do gieat business with his very fir.e production of the ' Cotton King,' and there is no word of change yet. At the Tivoli the Keliiuos are the great feature, with their enmrkable acrobatism. The Tillers con tinue popular favourites, and so do the Haytors. The next sensation there is to be the appearance of a noted London coster impersonator, Miss Peggy Pryde, who has a great reputation in her own country, and is now on Ler way over after a highly successful South African season. The chief change of bill on Saturday night was at the Lyceum, where the Macmahon Company produced' for the first time a new meio-drama by George Conquest and Arthur Shirley, which fairly reeks with sensation. As the villain Durant, Mr. Diver wallows iu crime and throws into comparative insignificance his previous considerable (stage) criminal record. There is a miscellaneous assort ment of iniquity in the plot from which the gods can choose the particular sample against which they may desire to hurl a virtuous hiss. There is the ruin of a sister-in-law, the killing of a post man, a diamond robbery, a jewel robbery, the robbery of a will, various minor crimes in a Kim berley 'diamond mine, highway robbery, a shooting affray, an averted : lynching, in fact, ail the crimes in the Decalogue and a few others— in- cluding a ghost — for which the Decalogue was too condensed. There is so much plot that it would be hopeless in our space to try to unravel it. Mr. Diver dees some of the best woris he has yet given us as the chief villain. Mr. Walner Gregory makes a rnanly hero. Mr. Goodwin is one of the two leading villains, and Mr. Stanford a competent exponent of a blaee youth! Mr. J'. F. Forde. is chief comedian as a Hibernian doctor, and Mr. Nunn made a success of an unscrupulous lawyer. Miss Maude Williamson made a strong heroine', and Mies Inez Bensusan a handsome mistresB to the villain. Miss Lir.dahl, Miss Nathalie, and Miss Gwen Dallas filled various 3'otable parts acceptably. Harrnstons excellent ciicus combination at Bel more Park has produced a new programme, which is as lemarkable for clover acts as was the first. In it young Gilbert Eldred leaps over 12 horses, turning a double somersault in mid- sir. The vary clever Jap acrobat gives a ladder act, in which he balances a ladder on the soles of bis feet, while his companion performs on it, a«.d finally the ladder changes to a single pole, the boy still performing. Then there is the extraordinary wire sliding act, a marvellous and almost iucreditable thing. Tho attractive Rio Troupe of lady acrobats does some remarkably graceful posing in combination with its feats of strength and skill, and there are extraordi nary feats on the high trapeze by Mdlle, Schradelle and the Warren sisters. The Henry Dramatic Company on Saturday night produced 'The Secrets of the Police,' a four-act melodrama, at the Standard. A monster benefit was arranged for Friday, 22nd, at Her Ms jetty's in aid of Mr..Lachian M'Gowan, the veteran actor, who ha 6 lately undergone a serious operation, in a Queensland hospital, and whose wife is in need, All the leading manage ments have cooperated in arranging the programme at the instance of Mr. Williamson. The death at the age of 66 of Mr. H. R. Harwood, at Melbourne, on Saturday, removes one of the best known figures from Australian theatrical life. His successes as a burlesque actor are a luscious memory ot the older generations of playgoers, and for long years he was a certain and powerful draw. Tie retired from the stage and management in 1877 a wealthy man, but, like many another Victorian, was practically ruined in the bank troubles, and had to go back to the 6tage four and a half yeara ago, and appear in comedy at the Bijou. Eighteen months ago the heart trouble which finally caused his death compelled his retirement.- He Ieive3 a widow, Miss Docy Stewart, sister of Miss Nellie Stewart, and a stepson The position which Charles Frohinan, who has more than . once been goujg to send a company to Australia, occupies in tie New York theatrical world may be judged from this paragraph :— CharieB Frohman has arranged with Messrs. Hoyt and M'Kee to take entire charge of Hoyt's theatre next Eeason, restore its old name, the Madison Square, and make it a permanent comedy house, with a stock company. The importance of Manager Frohmau's position may be judged from the fact that his companies will give 53 performances in Neiv York this week, and that it will be possible, next week, to go every night and Saturday matinee to a different theatre that presents a new play produced bv him, viz. : Monday. ' The Conquerors,' at the Empire ; Tuesday, ' the Little Minister,' at the Garrick; Wednesday, 'The Master,' at the Garden ; Thursday, ' The White Heather,' at the Academy; Friday, 'One Summer's Day,' at Wallaces ; Saturday, ' Oh ! Susannah,' at Hoyt's ; and matinee, ' Under the Red Robe,' at the Grand Opera House. Moreover,' in addition to the hundreds of persons employed under, his direction, Manager Frohman has already created five new American stars— Maude Adams, John Drew, Henry Miller, William Favershain, and Josephine Hail. This is an unprecedented record. -.- - ? In the war fever that has seized npon the United States the theatres have been -sharing. . A* New York theatres and music-halls there.were, when the mail left, ali sorts of interpolations in the current plays and hills alleging Spanish perfidy and America's determination to be avenged, and national music waB being played in the intervals. Models of the Maine were alfo a groat draw at various exhibitions. Chirgwia is at present at Koster and Bial s, New York, where are ateo the Avolos, the triple pole performers, recently at the Tivoli. An important and long-standing theatrical law suit has just been settled in New Zealand. It was the case of O'Sullivan (Tom Pollard) of Pollard's Opera Company v. Brown and others (proprietors of the Napier Theatre Royal). Mr. Justice JEdwards's judgment tolds in effect that a theatrical manager is not responsible for rent far dates 'pencilled in' and not taken up. The Napier magistrate had held Mr. Pollard liable for such rent. 