STHE LIGHT THAT CAST NO SHADOW. Curious stories are told about the powers pos sessed by certain native:. of India, who live up ationg thie limalaya mountains These old men, it is said, havedevoted ecores of years to gal the study of natural laws and forces, which the for rest of tie world knows nothing about. Lately ftcr aGerman professor visited the "adepts," as the'e queer Htiudus are called, for the purpose 3 to of finlinng oun the secret of their remarkable col- performances. They treated hin rather scur vily, but interested him all the same. One day lily the professor wanted to examinlle some ancient hb- $anskrit manuscripts. An adept' went with and him to a cave wherein the the books were kept. Thie pIlace was dark an the bottom of a well. aid "I cant see to read, here," said the visitor. :ur- "Then Ae will have some lighlt," was the re ply, and immediately (the professer says) a soft Pearly light briglltened the cave. He could not toll whence it canme, but lie noticed that it had one strange quality-itf cast not the slightest Sshadow. This is a story hard to believe, Vet its truth is 'r aaffirmed by a man of vast learning and high character, aund you who now read it have no reason for doubt except tha:t all the light you have seen have cast shadows. Belief or on belief commonly runs parrallel with one's own experience. Dr. Johnson aniffed at the ac ed count of the Lisbon earthquake, yet credited the tale of the Cock Lane ghost.; , "In the spring of 1d88 ". wiltes our correa,, rn pondent, " I fell into a low,. weak, and languid state. I felt low-spirited ýin ott of sorts. At first my stomach was derangedt my appetite' -:poor, an0 alter eating 1 bad a pnnf od nwcigih ' 'at the chest. I ewas much trdubled with wind, S and frequently Epat up) asour flusd, also bitter. bile. Later on I suffered from nervousness and. great depresion of spirits, . -J ept up with. my workr,but had always .p sonse of discomfort. f'. Off and on I, coitiotred in this way for two yearsi'nothing that I took rehevin me. At last I heard of Mother Selgel'o Syrup, and pro cured a supply. ' After I had taken only a few doses .I found relief; my food digested, anhd gradually all nervousness left me. Although I \- had no reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine, never havinu used it or seen it used, I now gladly admit, its value, and its power over disease. Since my recovery, for which I thank Mother Seigel's Curative yrup n I have been in the be-t of..health and spirits, g. In the interests of suffering lhumanity I 'deem it Is a duty to send thla testimony. (Signed) C D. Grtffith.s ,151 Ilockley;,Ilill, Birmingham, June eight 1893." There is a deal of .diffcebhce betweetn br. Griffith's candid letter and the st6ry about the. light that cast no bhadow. ' The littir nlay be true enough, but it cannot be verified 'without more trouble than it Is north. On the other hand we have a trustworthy witness, who will O answer letters of inquiry4 and nan .be.foaenat at his address. Finally, there is nothing mystic or 'magical about Mother Selgel's Ourative Syrup, - It acts on the theory that most. allmentp are bhut symptoms, forms or phaseS of that universal Sdisease-- indigestion ,and dypepsia; It cures \- that and throws the light of health and happt. over hearts and homes wherq illness and pain bad cast such dark and terrifying shadows. And that is why people believe all that ta told of Its sncoess by eager witnesses. 