?THE F#GE. W^r; «r GAVAH' THEB^CKSMITKL : BEN TILLETT IN TASMANIA, Hobart- ' Clipper ' of Saturday,, 26th vilt,. contains the following breezy and ? interesting ' Tillettiana ': — ? From Maoriland we have to acknowledge re ? '. ceipt of Ben Tillett, duty paid, bnt slightly \- damaged on the voyage, owing to what ship \- ' owners call ' the act of God,1-' but which Wragge '' callB a 'disturbance.' Billed to arrive on Saturday morning at daybreak, the Talnne had to cross so many .slippery hills and sloshy val leys on the track fron1, the Bluff that she didn t put in an appearance in Hobart until the wee sma' hours of Sunday morning. It was an uncanny hour for a triumphal entry, but directly the alarm was given by the watchmen of the night, most of the committee fell out of bed into other people's pants and boots, »nd stumbled wharf wards .with, many sleepy growls and sundry bruised shins. Of the man who arrived at the ship's side with his coat on inside out and his wife's stockings _ tied around his neck, this paper is silent. Being a decent, respectable journal in the main, and filled to the muzzle with the importance. of wel coming an alderman of the London Connty Council with due decorum and becoming gravity, we look upon any undignified display of enthusiasm and ladies' underwear as un worthy of publication. However, the democrats ytho had the least clothes to put on were the first to find Tilletr. He was partly dressed, and wrestling in a tired sort of way with a little Gladstone bag. 'Hullo! are you Tillett?' said the first disturber. ' I'm So and-So. Shake.' They zbook. ' This is some of my luggage,' 3aidTiilett, with a grand and lordly ?wave of his capped and jewelled boot. Fancy a man introducing his luggage to his friends. Just pure British egotism and love of display ! Then he wanted to know if we had arranged for a van or a waggon. These agita tors do want to travel in state ! The undressed portion of the committee hav ing arrived by this time, and all having been introduced to the Luggage and Tillett, the de barkation took place. It was an impressive de barkation. The procession terminated at the ? .Ship Hotel some time before daylight. The 'blank between the wharf and the hotel is — just a blank. Punctuated, perhaps, by fried fish and strange atorie3. * * # It rained on Sunday afternoon, so the big Domain meeting arranged for resolved itself into a welcome in the wharf sheds. Carpenter Wagstaff presided, James Paton spoke a speech, Melbourne Comrade Findley, of the Aubt. Typo. Union, did ditto, and Ben Tillett got a volley of cheers when he got on to the packing-caEe to return thanks. Tillett has a strong face and fine head. When he starts to talk everybody is = too much interested in his force and vigor and 'musical voice to notice that their owner isn't much over five feet short. He told the meeting ?he had come to preach that, as labor produced , all wealth, labor should as a right demand a ? greater share of that wealth. To produce wealth for London syndicates was misplaced benevolence on the part of Tasmanian toilers. Organisation of labour would secure a greater -share of wealth to the wage-earners, and, by increasing the purchasing power of the toilers, increase trade in every direction. If a man could only afford one suit of clothes a year he was not much use to the tailoring trade. . If his \- wages were increased so as he could afford two suits, the tailoring trade, as affected by one man, was just doubled. The low-wage policy was a suicidal policy ; it resulted in an inevit able lowering of the standard cf comfort to everybody in the community bar the money lords and the landlords, and even these latter weren't too comfortable, or happy, to judge by their faces. * * * On Monday morning Jas. Paton introduced Ben Tillett to the Mayor and aldermen of Ho vbart. at the Town Hall. A goodly crowd came along to see the show, and the City Fathers looked its grave and decorous as the dignity of their position demanded. The Mayor welcomed TtOett as an alderman of that ?' village on the banks of the Thames,' and hoped the glorious Tasmanian climate would do the visitor good. Ben then told ' Mr. Mayor, aldermen, and friends,' something about the work of the Lon don County Council. How the democratisation of municipal institutions had proved eminently successful ; how the representation of human beings, instead of mere bricks and mortar, had shown itself a good investment ; how 8,000,000 people were municipally governed as an organic whole ; how whole blocks of slums had been re placed by good buildings ; and how, by bring ing municipal governors into sympathetic touch with the masses of the people, the safety, comparative cleanliness, and health of this vast hive of humanity was assured, and property much increased in value. Even dukes and earls and real live lords were gradually being made democratic by their work in the London County Council. To be sure, the Dukes of Westminster and Bedford didn't like the L.C.C., and Salis .bury, who pays 10s. per year for a block of ?London land which returns him £300,000 per ., -.year, was working against the County Council .like a very indignant landlord, but he (Ben Tillett) thought the L.C.C. would stand even \- Salisbury's opposition. Good solid democratic government was sure to increase the vaiue of property, and there could be no good govern ?ment nowadays unless the poorest person in the community had a say in the election of repre sentatives. It was not good government unless it tried to make life worth living for the poor. Municipal energy and business ability had cou yerted the Clyde - from « useless shallow creek td'a noble rireT whereon some of oar finest ship* were b^lfc Municipal music was provided in mariy-iaties of ^Britain several nights a week and always oh Sundays, the minimum wage was insisted upon, and- it was proved beyond doubt that all trams, water, gas, or electricity — all public conveniences — being owned and con trolled by the people was absolutely necessary for progress, and the only efficient block to job bery, robbery, and degrading corruption. * # * Mayor Hiddlratone sang the praises of Hobart harbour, and Tillett good-naturen'ly refrained from saying anything about the plentiful lack of shipping visible in such a fine harbour. Al derman Seabrook, Bradley and Duff also-bad a word to say, and a very interesting function ended by the Mayor conducting the guest over the buildings and assuring him that drink was the cause of poverty. « * * Ben said he didn't qnite agree with Honest George on the point. ' Well, what causes poverty, Mr. Tillett?' ' Poverty,' answered Ben. ' But what CAUSE3 it ?' again asked the Mayor. ' Poverty,' solemnly answered Ben, once more. And with a ' poormanpityhe's so mad ' sort of smile, ? the Mayor changed the subject. * * * Monday afternoon some of the comrades escorted the visitor to Brown's River. It was a pleasant trip, and despite the songs and stories heralding the social revolution, which were let loose on the 'way and within the precincts of Kingston, nothing dreadful happened. King ston stands uninjured to-day, and as wakeful as ever. « * * At the lecture on Monday night Jaa. Paton presided, The attendance was good, though the hall wasn't crowded. Ben was in good form, and dealt with Environment and Character in a way that held the audience from first to last. * * * Tillett on trades unions. Trade always fol lows the agitator, the organiser. Where the standard of comfort is highest, where thelworkers are organised to secure the highest wage, there is trade in a flourishing condition. These work era consume more commodities, consequently produce more and better goods, and healthy trade naturally ensues, In those countries where the workers have not strength or intelli gence enough to organise, the standard of com fort is low, and there is scarcely any trade. 0 Tassie ! * * * On Tuesday uight some 40 or 50 friends met Ben Tillett socially at the Ship Hotel/ Car penter Wagstaff chaired the proceedings, and ' Our Guest11 was proposed by J. i'aton. The toast was musically honoured, all hands stand ing. Ben's response was a masterpiece. Tender, strong, pathetic, and denunciatory by turns, he told of his life work, his troubles, his hopes, and joys, and fears ; of the clear proof he had that men and women were good and not bad,. human and not savage ; that humanity only wanted a fair show to be noble, a decent opportunity to be great. When dangerously ill in New Zea land he had been nursed by men and women comrades with a devotion and tenderness which seemed almost superhuman. The Socialist move ment was resuscitating and re-developing that spirit of mateship which was the foundation of all success ful civilisation, and without which no real progress was possible. He urged combination of the workers. Tasmanians ought to kick themselves every night for their folly and blindness in not making more of their beautiful island. ? The toilers were too mean to themselves. They failed to realise that unionism was the best business investment in the world, and grumbled and growled at paying one of their number to agitate and organise to secure to them a prin cely return. In ten years the Dockers' Union had secured to the members in benefits £90,000. That was a return of 90 per cent, on capital in vested. The capitalist was willing to lend 8s. 4d. for a year for 3d.; yet many of the workers would hardly advance a measly 3d. even if they were sure of getting a return of 8s. 4d.! He wanted them to think of these things, to wake from their apathy, to try and trust each other, to help each other ; let them meet each other oftener in organisations, and in social gather ings like the present ; let them make schools of their Democratic League and their union meet ing rooms ; let them develop some manhood and stiffen their backs for the right. If he could help them while in Hobart to organise the disorganised he would be glad, and he would go away conscious of having done at least some thing for his Tasmanian brothers in labour. * * * Ben Tillett is a born comedian. His three songs — two of 'em coster — at the social, were delightfully rendered. He was once offered a big salary by the music hall people, but he de cided to stick to the Dockers. There was not a dull minute during the evening. Among those who sang or recited were friends Lidster, Edwards, Hughes, Paton, Willison, Pemberton, Ling, Furk, Ross, Budgeou, Jacobs (piano), Bowden, Evans, Ward, and Tillett. On behalf of the ghost of the old Trades Council, Pem berton happily welcomed the visitor to Tas mania, and confidently predicted that the ghost would, again materialise. Bradley also had a word or two to say about organisation. ' . * .* ? * Ben Tillett proposed the toast of ' The Demo cratic League and Existing Labour Organisa tions.' '? The carpenters have reorganised, and good luck to them,' said Tilletfc. ' The Demo cratic League has done good work, and would yet do more.' Woods responded for the Hobart League, Sharpe for the Northern Branch, Wag staff for the Carpenters, and Andrews for the Typos. Melbourne Comrade Findley gave par ticulars of the trade dispute at the ' Tas manian News' office, and was promised every assistance in bringing the dispute to a success ful termination. VThen Lidrter sang- ' True Till Death'- Ben Tillett told of how, when the Dockers Strike was on,- the procession used to march daily past : tb? doek minsurew' house with twenty brass - bands all in full blast. And every band played 'True Till Death.' It was the dockers war , err and, as the cry was no empty boast, they had won. It was a grand song, but no big em ployer liked the.tnnejjdmehow. ' ? ' '* ' * ' ? Ben tells of his first lesson ia organisation. When quite a kiddie he was on tramp, and ar rived at a town where an election had jnst been decided; The' successful- candidate and nis friends were throwing bandfuls of coin to the crowd. Ben got a dozen of the boys together and formed a union. They agreed to hang to gether and divide the spoil. And so it was done. Whenever any non-union youngster rushed for the coin some of the union boys got in his way while the others made a successful scoop, and if the disappointed kiddie showed fight Ben took him on for a round or two while the other eleven kept on taking up the collec tion. It was a moat successful union, and the venture paid a good dividend. The non-union boys didn't get a solitary stiver I * * ? ? -* On Wednesday night ' Socialism and Reli gion ' waa the subject of the lecture. There was a good attendance, and keen interest wa3 evinced in the trenchant remarks of the speaker. * » ? ? ? [Since the above was in type,information is to hand that Ben received a rigbt royal welcome from the ' Coasters.' He ivas met on arrival by leading labour men, Member of Parliament for the district, and the Mayor and Councillors. A brass band, which played the inspiriting tune, 11 See tbe Conquering Hero Comes,' headed a big procession organised by the Amalgamated Miners' Association. On Ben's arrival at the hotel where the Democrats quartered him, he was presented with an address of ?welcome. His lectures were numerously attended and enthusi astically received, and his visit to the coast is cartain to be productive of much good to organ ised ana unorganised labour in this go-ahead part of ' Tassie.'— Eds. T.I 