On Recent Events. By Mileoy. The days in which the result of the Australasian Champion Stakes was awaited with the keenest interest by sporting Australia are, it is to be feared, no more. The lack of interest iu this aud other w.f.a. races js without doubt due to the multitudinous metropolitan gate money meetings that are crammed into each week throughout the year, und cause a lessening interest iu events ahead. Bookmakers cannot find time to look ahead or work a 'set book,' aud backers are too engrossed by the daily pony problem to even glance at the entry list ot such a race as tne unatnpion stakes, in the days that are gone the champion prospects of the two year old of the hour, the Derby winner, or the best of the elder division of weight-for-age horses, were eagerly discussed, and interest in their doings worked up for months before the race ; but now, alas, the ' areat ' Champion Stakes is taken iu its turn, and the public interest iu it begins ou the hoisting of the numbers. The joy at the triumph of a good horse in the Champion Stakes UBed to be widespread throughout sporting Australia, and bis success, shape, and breeding were popular themes for discussion, while the winner of the Newmarket Handicap would be forgotten m a week. Now it is just the other way about. Yet, with the exception of Cranbrook, Hova, Mtlua, Lochiel, aud Bungebah, noue of tbe winners of the last-mentioned race are to be com pared to a Champion Stakes winner from 1859 down 1 1 to-day. Horses of renown to whom have fallen champion honours are The Barb, Grai d Flaneur, Fishhook, Richmond, First King, Zoe, Panic, Fire works, Wellington, Le Grand, Commotion, Abercorn, Carbine, Melos, Trident, Strathmore. Ncwhaven, Cainoola, Portsea, while Wallace and Quiver have divided it. The first of these great contests took place in 1859, when the late Mr. W. C. Yuille's Flying Buck won, beating the largest field (18) that ever ran for the race. The celebrated Mr. Tait followed with two in succession, by the aid of Zoe, by Sir Hercules out of the original Flora M'lvor (by Rnus's Emigrant), who was the ancestress of some of the greatest racehorses and sires of modern days. To illustrate the value this grand old dam has been to the blood stock of Australia one need but mention such decendants of hers as Trentou, Niagara, Zalinski, Euroclydon, Manuka, Primrose, aud Wainie-. The late Mr. 'Pjt ' Keigbria won the Champion in 1S61 with Morman, wlio was again successful three years later. The irrepressible Mr. Tait took the honours again in 1S62 with Talleyand, and in '66 his horse Volunteer dead-heated with Tarragon, but Mi\ Andrew Town's horse won the run off. Mr. Tait came again in '67, this time with The Barb, the unapproachable champion of his day. Of course the black wonder won, and the 10II0 winer year Fishhook won for tho Maribyr nong stud. In 1868 Mr. Tait came out suc cessful with another champion in flying Fireworks whose blood lives to-day in his great son Golds brougli. Panic won it in 1865, but it was left to his sons, Strop, the cast-iron Wellington, and Com motion, to put up records for hardness and stamii a in these contests. Strop won it in 1866 aud 1869 for Tasmania. Years before he won the race Panic was at the stud in Tasmania wheie he begat Strop. Up till 18'o the Champion Stakes was run in New Xealand. Queensland, and Victoria, and from its in auguration till that year it was run for 18 times. This colony (New South Wales) was successiu] on six occasions, but on no less than five of these the redoubtable Mr.- John Tait was the winning o« ner. For two years there was no Champion Race, but in 1876 the V.R.C. put one on their bill with £1500 added money. Goldsbrough's brother, Robin Hood, who was afterwards lost at sea m the terrific hurri cane which nearly accounted for the lately deceased Robinson Crusoe, started a hot favourite, but he was beaten out of place, the second favourite, Rich mond, turning up an easy winner from Goldsbrough and Maid of All Work, while among the unplaced lot were the English hor6e Proti martyr, Dagworth, Calumny. Melbourne, The Paiuter, aud Emulation, a truly representative lot, whose usefulness did not end on the turf. The year following Richmond was beaten out of place, as none of the runners had a ghost of a chance with the Adelaide colt, Pride of the Hills, who beat the Sydney colt, Calamia, like a hitck for first position. Among the ' other starters ' was the Derby, Cup, and Oaks winner, Briseis. Calaniia was found good enough 10 months later to win the Melbourne Cup. New Year's Day, 1878, was a disastrous oue for the followers of the late Hon. James White's blue and white banner, which Chester had borne so gal lantly two months bffore iu the Melbourne Derby and Cup. as First King never gave him a chance iu the Champion, which he won easily, and put up the record for three miles. Excuses were made for Chester's condi tion, aud his friends again rallied around him on St. Leger Day, but Yeomans got First King home by the shortest of head'. The gallop evidently woke Chester up, as, receiving 71b, he beat First King in a canter for the Town Piute ('2 miles) on the last day of the meeting. First King was ui doubtedly at his be.-t during the currency of that reunion, as he won the Australian Cup with ease aud presented a good colt like Swiveller no less than 301b. Though First King was not a great sire he was a good one, and got more than his share of winners, while Swiveller, beside siring a Melbourne cup winner, got some splendid jumpers, one of them being Daimio. Chester was, however, head aud shoulders above them at the stud, thanks to his owner's great judg ment in mating him, and for years he was at the top of the stallion poll. Panic's son, VVeiliugtou, emulated the Champion deeds of his illustrious sire by winning in 1879, but in the next race (1880) he was forced to play second fiddle to First King, who had been absent fiom the turf for a year. First King's sister, Petrea, was third to her brother, and on account of this and her running in the autumn much unpleasantness arose, and her owner, the late Sir William Clarke, leased his fine filly to Mr. W. A. Long, ind retired a dis gusted man from the turf. Petrea came on to Sydney, and in Mr. Long's colours she won the St, Leger, Cup, Cumberland Stakes, and but for an accident, she would have won the A.J.C. Plate. The Champion Stakes of 1881 was a most interesting one, inasmuch as the field comprised Grand Flaneur, Progress, Sweet .neat, Wellington, and Trevalyn. Of course Flaneur won, but it vet remains for one of his sons to do like wise. However, it is highly probable that his best son, Patron, would have done the trick but for his interests being sacrificed for those of Portsea in 1894. Wellington was out of a place in Flaneur's race, but he filled the third position in 1882, behind that prince of Champion Stakes outsiders, Cotiolanus, and Commotion (by Panic), who then began a Champion Stakes practice that beat even Wellington's. Commotion should have beaten Coriolauus ; however, he made amends by head- beating Guesswork and Navigator in 1883, but he was lucky to win this time, as the owner of Navigator, Mr. De Mestre, well knew, aud proved, at, the Auturnu Meeting, when his colt won the Leger and Cup in a canter. A good one, Le Grand, beat Commotion into third place nest year, but the cast-iron old son of a cast-iron dad (Panic) faced the music again in 1885, and won his second Champion. This was the old fellow's last appearance in the great race, having run iu it four years in succession, winning twice, was second once, and third once. They laid 5 to '2 on Malua in 1886, but he was out of p'ace to Matchlock, who began Mr. James White's trio of successive wins, which were carried oil by Trident and Abercorn. Neither Abercorn nor Trident had much to beat, but in 1889 the former and Carbine met for the first time, and then began a series of weight-for-age fights that ended in each horse winning three apiece. In their first meeting Abercorn forced the pace and was beaten easily. These tactics, it is needless to say, were never repeated when Carbine was around. Melos won a glorious race in 1890, when he just reached that great son of Chester, Dreadnought, aud beat him on the post, with Carbine ou their quarters. The race was a mere cauter for Carbine in 1S91, and Strathmore was not seriously opposed in 1892 ; but next yeir the field was a good, even one, and Camoola kept up the Chester charter. The year following there assembled at tbe post seven horses that it would bt- hard to find fault with. Portsea won and put the record down to 5 minutes 23 £ seconds. Light Artillery was second, Patron (the subsequent winner of the Melbourne Cup) third, while the unplaced ones were The Admiral (Derby). The Sailor Prince (St. Leger), Hova (New market Handicap), and Jeweller (Summer Cup). The Harvester had an easy task in 1895, and the yen.r before Uet Wallace and Quiver ran their memorable dead heat, and clipped a quarter of a second off the record. Newhaven had but little trouble in beating The Officer, Coil, and Co. last year ; and through the enforced absence of Aurum, the race last week was reduced to an unin teresting match between Amberite the winner and Bundook. 