Secrets of the- Black Art. IT. NEW TRICKS WITM X RAYS. Already the Rontgen rays are about to penetrate into the world of trick magic. It is only a matter of time before some enter- prising dilettante will be producing "spirit seances'' that will discount all the deeds of the ultra- coy and somewhat unreliable ghosts of the alleged medium. Mr. Hopkins describes one experiment with the X rays that would certainly make a sensation. It must be remembered, in the first place, that objects treated with a coating of zinc sulphate become luminous in tbe darkness under the X rays. Glass has tho same property naturally. The first step in the experiment is to get a well-articulated skele- ton, paint it with zinc sulpbate, and place it behind a curtain on tho stage. In front of the curtain sits a gentleman — doubtless near- sighted, since he wears eye-glasses — who is about to do justice to a frugal breakfast by the light of a single candle. Hidden, somewhere between the skeleton and the dinner dishes are the Crookes tubes, connected by wires with a Ruhmlorff coil, which is also well out of sight — perhaps in an adjoining room. The objects intended to become luminous, including the skeleton seated behind tho black curtain, are all grouped close to the magic tubes. Now turn out the lights and set the Ruhmkorff coil in action. What a gruesome surprise ! A plate, a glass, a water bottle, and a candle shine in space with the light of glow worms. A sinister guest in tho form of a glowing skeleton sits opposite the near sighted gentleman, who has disappeared, and whoso eyeglnsses alone have held their own before this ghastly apparition. Finally, to complete the illusion, hands are soon moving over the heads of the spectators. They multiply, then disappear, only to appear anew. To render the experiment more convincing it is allowable for the most incredulous mem- bers of the party to tie the gentleman tightly to the chair, and, if they desire, to hold his hands and feet through the entire time of the experiment. It is scarcely necessary to explain how the experiment is performed. The X rays pass through the black cloth on the door that con- ceals the Crookes tubes and also through the body of the gentleman, and render luminous the objects covered with zinc sulphate. As for the mysterious hands, they are simply gloves covered with tho same substance and fixed to tho extremities of long sticks that are moved in all directions by confederates. SWORD SWALLOWERS AND OTHERS. When wE Come to thE familiar feat of sword swallowing it is no longer a matter of deception, but of skill. It seems hardly credible that the performers who swallow several swords up to tho hilt, or make the greater part of a cane or bayonet disappear in their mouths, actually introduce thoso sub- jects into their, internal economy, yet such is the fact. It is all a matter of practice and of hardening theo pharynx and throat by repeated trials until the tender passages are sufficiently calloused. It is entirely different with tho sword trick, in which a man is apparently stabbed through the abdomen. The sword employed is a thin, flexible blade of steel, with a blunt point, and it passes around tho body of the pretidigi- tator by means of a curved tube. He carries concealed beneath his vest a sort of sheath that consists in part of this bunt tube, into which the steel blade fits. It is the presti- digitator himself, who, appearing instinctively to grasp tho point of tho sword in self-pro- toction, directs it into the metallic tube. It makes its exit through the tails of his coat.coat. It is nocossary to, opqrafco rapidly, so that tho spectators. shall not, havo timo to soo that tho length of tho sword haB diminished in passing through tho body. ,,. ,'; Tho triok of climbing a ladder of swords is porformod with the aid of a footbath pfalum water, followod by anothor of vory cold water By plaoing.tho foot, thus hardened, squarely upon the swords, fchoro is no dangor, though groat oaro.has to bt oxeroised not to lot tho foot slide or;slip on tho sword, or tim ™H«u. would bo a yory |bad aooidont. With tho gontloman who gayly dances on broken glass it is aomowhafc difforont, Ho treats his foot with alum and room, but ho also has a apooialiy proparod batch of broken glass on which all tho oilgos havo boon ground to roundnoss. , Whon lip comes on tho Htago and broiiks a fow bpttlos, thoappui-uiHfloii™li with Which ho thrp\VH tho now piocos aro careful calculated to plaooall tho dangerous bits around tho pdgp of his dancing floor. Thon ho gets into, tho .pontro and dances without any risk ospeoially if. ho haB usod plouty of rosin on his foot/1,, ' ,. . ; ,v -SWAN IN ' LOHBNGrtKf.' In; a vory interesting' ohaptor on theatro soorotBy, tho .author dosoribos tho various mechanisms in ubo on tho stago. Many of those, will bo moro or loss of a revelation to tho average playgobr. Probably fow pooplo who havo scon tho I opera of 'Lohengrin' aro avvaro that thov aro i looking at two different swans in tho ooumo of 'tho play. Thoro is ono swan for tho first not, in whioh Lohonprrin winds awav n.mrmn. ?ho roodB, and an ontiroly different ono for the ast not, whon tho swnu diBappoars and tho loHt brother of Elan t/ikoH its plitco. Iho problem that confronted tho proporfcy mastor in deigning tha lirst Hwau was to do viho n mothu.l of propelling tho truck whioh earned f,ho Hwan nnd tho ear so that it could Jo run in a curvod dirootion, atldintf L'roatlv to tho naturalnoBH of tho illusion. Thisond is gained by uning a throo-whoalod truuk, pro pollod by two mun soatcd within it, whoshovo I tho truck along by Bhullling thoir feofc on tho lloor. Ono man stoors tho cur and tho othor miiiiipnliitoH tho bond and winKH of tho Hwan. , iu tho last act an onfiraly diJl'urcnfc mooliun ^.T.,01^10^'1' t]l™& «!o olmngo is not por vwr«.u.u lU bi,c nuuionoo. In this ciiho the truokiH mounted on four whoolH.aml ia pushed I L ,-T- fVom l^I»«'nd. Tho Bwftn in h.ngod platform, and whon tho timo for tho transformation comoH, tho tnon who hold iho cords lot go, and tho swan' on itn platform BiiikHbaok into (W truck out of Bi'ihfc At the sa.no uiHtunt I31Hft'8 brothor is rai»od by a up at priiiiiHoly tho namo poRition as that just ocoupiud by tho hwiiii. u d m tlu, dovo drops behind tho sot piooo i InkoB tho plaoo of t in hwiiii. T,r.l,n ? ...- ' Jjtothoboatandthodovioa^TonXl Blflgo. Jho oIibiiijch bto so pomurknblo that Mi. Uopkms justly prononuoos thoLohoi.griri ibSLT '° raoHli BUO00SHfHl °^b ODtamoJ in grand oponi, ' 