THE MYSTERY OF NO. 13. CHAPTER III. (continued.) [BY HEELEN B. MATHERS.] The detective glanced at the ill-pro- portioned room, a servant's room; however, beautifully furnished and kept. and his eyes expressed the astonishment he felt. \- With such jewels a3 v -those,hp;w: cpmo she t . toigivo up the best, rooms .la thb'hpuso for Ja or a year . v ‘‘ Whore wore ‘tfigs, ; laOfc night? ” he •' ■-■j” ,‘V r '‘ \ i !; ‘- ‘ \ ■■ ..., ;; /. t : 1 ‘‘Hferoi” said 'EliaabefcH,! thrusting, her pppkefcvbf her dressing-gown. Asishe didVso, ing bpraplf 'wjfch fcid^jig;the room; .' ; ' 'Ah of the r detective made hbrtfhrn/. She fire whearer •and a frightful oharige;carao over- her face . !hO*shhsag- ■„ two. glorious; size, and‘iu color fho dost'blue. ' * ’■ r £, .1. ; A -low moan esoapedrHeV^lips,/ i nstan bly j stifled, but as slid burped osido to hidq her j Skew ton caught' a glimpse of it— 0 glimpse that toldliirrimuch/i /', V •“Jdatebless,?said the j^et§cttVo } “ and, you keep them rolled up./in, c a twist of tissue-paper.? ” us she carelessly’put them back'into''her-shallow pocket. - A id for a moment he mused over, fcho recklessness of women; C f - • - , ■Rose Huponb had’ movOdaway, and' was folding up and putting- straight the things lying„about., . , / ,, i “ Why did you .riot keep your sapphires in a safe? ” ho said to’Mrs/ St, George. . She looked at himjdisdahuiig to answer, then said: 4' K, ✓ “Save you arrested- my'liusband, and on wliat evidence ? ”•> ‘‘Strictly speaking;hp 'is/.not- under arrest, but ho is: watched. - and could hot. escape if ho tried. ; The evidence/’ bo touched his breast-pocket, “ is hero.” Elizabeth turned to thatlivid - whiteness whichbetrayod mprialagony and fear.: -She tried to speak, bab Uttorod only a hoarse sound. that died -in' her throat; blion before ho. gupssed her intention, wifchtho delicacy of touch and lightning swiftness of a practised' thief, she bad divedfor andsuatched the piofcol out of' liis brbast-pocket, and piit it behind her back. . ; lb had-been a moment’s thought, an in stant's work, nofc ; oyeri/cuowiiigwhat; she find in tbo pocikeb ho bad ' so insig nifibopbly touched; but the unexpected touch" # the cold steel chilled her blood, imd she trembled •: as: she stepped back., / ... - ■ ■ ~ Skew ton, staggered for the moment, looked beyond Elizabeth to. bho maidi She stood like one petrified, and staring down at the toy weapon Held -behind her miss tress’s back. ■ .. ,‘ r She never saSv it before.” lie. thought; then, aloud, 4 ‘This js child's play, Mrs. St. George. No matter* in whoso hands that pistol is—your husband has confessed it to be his/' - - " ._.V ' “ liy.husbaD'd ? $?.”/.btoe cried put as] one pierced to the.quick with pain, “that can fipi hV f . She paused,, and,hpidhcads.of sweat Came/out cin ! yliito. ■b.rrp.wTHo,could only "have seen it,/and’ picked it, Up” (she Spokehalfcingly, fipdingjyords withdifficulty as she a deep breath and stood defiaritly erectr— : ‘‘.I shot Barry Boss withit!- Pence,' ! say! > He oamb. to' my,room last hight—bp,, hiways carrk'd. ilrearms—and t— this from him, ’and shot him, the hound,- as he deserved!” - r “ How came he with your- husband’s pis tol ?' said Mr. Rkewtpn quietly. . ‘‘‘Mr., St, OeoVge Ion tit him,” said Eliza beth .boldly.. : , . , “ No ’’' said behind them, “ you are telliirg'a- lie,'Elizabeth, a lie to; save imp.: /But'this rria h will hob believe you. Ho tdok the plslol from niy posses sion, in which it had : .-bejoh ever since I fired tliafc allot;/ vpur dcafneas prevented •ybu’fihm hearing.” v “ Am,I so deaf?’’Said Elizabotli'swiftly, and turning to tlm detective, ‘‘liavorl not hfeard ever word you said ? ■ Hops any one; in his souses suppose that I, who sleep so lightly, could sleep tir rough, such a tragedy as that?”' i\: • She turned from fchc-raan, and fell down qu her knees besideiher Jrusbaud, clisping. his cold hand' and bowing her lioad down ohrit, clilrgihg 'to him for - dear love, and with a passion' that slippy -her like ,a reed. /■ ; ' V:.;- • ■- ;<;■! /‘ s Jack!” she said, “ Jack, you: know I did it !: . ;I \vos mad' with rago hb seeing him. there, and f sn.hohed thc pistol from his hand—and I shot hirn-r-hnd after that I rem'embef nbthing^irowing.'” Ho’did not stir hfc^'eaki' , 1 o'nly-'tho cold ness of ••his.* • could she know that lie was thinking of Guinea,j verejn. sliahre, ‘asVhlie bowed before Arthur, only Guinevere did,. nob lip—she owned heciaulfe. f ' “%ou a{*c mad ” ; lie: /sai(t{ at’ “ to perjure - ypurself.tlms;; .-No oiro will believe i you; apd'/there is'^ .loycs you j better kfiiir hb Joves%e, and. you have him | .to considpr, as wpll'asy'burself.” ' . He hnlatched; hls/hnn d, no throughly, hart inexorably, from, hpt two ctiiiging ones; and; dbprived’ of- Ink/ support,.. she sank’ down/tho glory of b% hair falling over bis feet;/and hiding /,/ : What did his .aiigurshed eyes,say.as they ‘Wok'cfd.dovh'' 'U'qfc fko godheadinthe man .himselfrin flesh revolts at the thing Ifiat has-sha $eit arid lietrayed him ? Biidderily he wont out. f ! \ t S : :y. '/*//- * r - thoyoung ■figw.r®j^*»tl v re jt-lisin. the dead, looked witl/eyea yj/whieh agger, amaze toenfc am'd bi’tfer disappointment, httupglpd ~ oud by drove but - the broeglit lier to h.or jknebs Gpbrgo’-f side. tried 1 to/raise, lie^vin^her ;0rm?. -M J^ 11 Klizabclh \- thrust Jier^away.>-,grpwu strong, with the aViger/llfefcfilled htohreaht.:.' rpu' wxJman i” slro said. -‘Would youhatig'yout m / >^tor < ,/ lilese gof oii 'to-libr foot, bho WV quietly, ?! master jibs cpnfw&jid;* and i thuf. man evi dontly found i pfetiol m hrs> possession. H.y.effect him the othut ' w ‘‘ Xfo is voji,' sajd EH^a i)elh-?»tubbornly, sfhjildty. hkp a child wlio in sheer.icp!f 1 essnc^shorsisl a in a palpable untruth. MTe .notlmig of whafe wdut OnrdownstiMf^^Jast^vnighb—nolhibgP until bo was vonsofidhia morning;' : llosn lopked slnrjglil. be/arp her, her face diveste/l of aveir\\-; jidrl’iclo of.. expieSsio:*, “Is it noMo ?” jcftiifd Eli/.’ibeth. seizing tlie/woman’s arm. -shd sliatuiTg il. > j , *} Huda m/ - . - smd'/Rosc; iwllhvij lonk . of pity, ‘t it was. dond-Jp a \inunienl - of rand jioss—of jealousy "X, , ’r'Ehzabolhdxoppctd/the womahfs.artn, with,] t,, ' . ' ;^.Aro.f cried, '■’AT I—I, who killed him; yon hivh/or for mb!” -“No,” said Rosp-palmly, / 1 you did nob do it; you wore asleep; MpU/dlliu-! Ib is a piteous thing that you slibUld .bo deaf, and awake to sucih'd horror . Piteous for mjr husband ,' • |bi[-.-fil6an -said Elizabeth hardily. “ Mfok it was unnatural that I should slepp aftcr I hid donoit *1- ‘01i,hi6 j*' ithp.! soundest sleepers in the world. But if I had been wise I should., have dragged hnu downstairs, out inti)’ the street”—she'laughed in away that chilled Hose’s blood—‘and put the pistol in his hand, and people would havo said— have said ” She broke off suddenly in her speech, .looking, wildly,arounjil, as ifshe fouad'her, .siirroundingstbtally strange,' and altogether puzzling to her. . Then she burst out singing. “ His hounds Ahoy lie sfPwn at iM feptj J > So will they thoir master keep.” She paused a moment, (hen her sweet : voice went on ; ; ~^ { Sho got hirii ‘ And carried him' la C&f; then'Lake/’» i Another pause; ”... ' j ■ “ She buried him before the'prime; | She was dead herself ore. oven-song time.” 1 Qnoo again shc began to lauqh, but God in'His mercy changed her laughter into j 'tears,-and so saved her reason. "€ *}i I iv. \f j, .j V.,- “O, hear ye nao, frao ’mid the loch,- Arise a deidly grane? Sao ovon does the spirit warn When wo suae death maun mane!” The fy fb^i|uatliti^ > 'tliJ^;')sU l c* coed a deed of violence' were over. The, preliminary inquiry before a "magistrate had been hold, and,the .strange spoctacle.of the husband "and wife' each cirbitmstan tially owning to the role committal of the sarto crime, had 'been, witnessed, with, the result that the woman was plainly proved to be lying, while the man’s confession was borne out by solid facts. - . . Whoshalkdocide fcl)e degree,of guilt in-, volvod in that truth-murder, which has for its object the saving of another person’s life? Certainly not 1 the’ man for' whom - Elizabeth lifted up her pale face, and lied as if.there,were no God above, f .no judg-r. ment of man below, to'puVirsli'her. ' Jack heard her voice, indeed (all its sweet quality gone and 'hdrd'ehbd' iinto brass) but dared not look at her. This was not his 1 Elizabeth, his deaf,; beloved, f little' Elizabeth, with whose • name' purity and goodness were synonymous terms ; this was some unknown creature who had leaped into life in a single night, and that he knew not how to reckon with or to imagine. . .. .. . So , he kbpt 'his suiikcb eyes .froiij her as. she ranged : fro;n ; i positive-v.asaertibn -to-. frenzied entreaty, and passionate arraign ment of the powers who would nob hearken to her, who soorned'her word, ignored her cries, and finally swept her to oqo side, as men, inherit upon* the stern press’of a: man’s work, will ever thrust woman, powerless tiling at best, for much good or evil. So Jack! went; to p riso'n, •£u 1 ly'commit tedf for trial, and Elizabeth, VagingVt her help lessness, went homo, with never a lopk’or a word from Jack; to -help her to bear her miserable Ipt , ,, , Iii those days she t ha rike'dGpd that . lVer few relatives were out of England, and I hat there were none to come and croak thoir dismal tale over her, and abuse .her , for the disgrace that had come upon her . name. ~"J For the world counted her a vile woman, ! and reckoned her, if not actually guilty of 1 murder, as,.thc t diroct cause of it,. pud the i friends Who atAod lap for licrln pulili6 were' few indeed. Bo we not all know of cases in which a person may>bo;so entangled: in the web of; circumstance,'so completely the spoyt of malicious a'ceiddht and ill-lack, that lie is made tb'appoar - 'it guilty Wretch, beyond the possibility of.'rehabilitation ? He, is innocent, but circumstances apparently of the devil’s making, are against him and ho cannot explain, so ho is branded for all time with; .a 8ht;,di,o "has not committed, and another example-of the'-way in which Pfovideuce Tiivanably drops down on the : wrong maif ismgimlly'afforded; > Bufc such,an pecan op brings,a blessing with it-in disguise. It weeds a man’s friends from his mere acquaintance with startling despatch and completeness, and ho .maydive.(q bp thankful for the mis fortune that so effectually winnowed the ppyp'frpm t op cHalf.' - ‘ r ' ’ Thus"'Elizabeth", ’a target to tlie wbrld’s' scorn, in ' itself, so muohi more secretly in faraolis than her most- advertised noss cdnld ever be, was profoundly touched to find that a few women, who knew her life and her, refused to believe that, she was aaythihg bukwbat they had always found her. . Such faithfulness was j very swopt'l#Imr^nd; tjf» e\ friends who stood loved and'valjied to her life’s end, and those who passed her by on the other side earned asove reign contempt that wiped t-hora out of her memory as if ( hey had never been. A nd verily, do we not choose our friend for evil as for good? ■No wrong, doing, or seeming of wrong, doiiig,sfibuld baK’e p6Wer to loose the; bond between. should, remember,, cypifas God roracrabcrotli, that wo are but dus£r'; ; ' ; " v:J , \ u We will not be crushed—wo will ride Jt out tPgeblicr, my heart and I,” said Elizabeth, as in the loneliness of the house she stood erect, making up her mind what she should do }J that. Jack was actually iirpfi's'on; 5 " - ■ And .first she packed for him all that,bu could require—lin on y 616lltoa, books,, wine —every sort of comfort that' could make’ bin quarters less grim, and when ; these wore Acapul clied she wrote a letter 'Jo a. Bond" street jeweller, and within, half an hour had rcoeivoiFa reply in person, The interview with Mr, Ezekiel did not IsOjlia. q up liter, of. an .hour, hut when ho dc partbil tmi ; y:iphires ; (ti'o W in safe-kpoping a|:,lbe.J?h ) uk),;h|td> ha^,,changed-Bands, and Elizabeth's Tacfed promise to Undo Jasper was irrevocably broken. . . . But she was some thousands the richer, -and able to procure the very first advocate •Til town for jack’s defence. ; She had already made up her mind who. tlipfqqersqnsho uId jbo-: -. If jeho failed, |ind despair'filled her at the bhouglitj Jack , might as well plead guilly, and be sentenced i without'the‘formality of a trial at all, for Mr. Lomairo was probably the only man. living who know how to build up- a de fence out of nobbing at all. There is an expression, well-known, to perfectly appointed women, signifying: “ to dross as you go," and Mr. Lemairo usually defence as be went, gathering' material from a witness's deportr ment, or a chance word or slip, and sug gesting sq much that never j in-' JendM, that often, when j ho be?an with no material at all, ho acquired a great deal, before the end was reached. - Ho might almost be said to possess the,, gift of divination when cross-oxamiding : witnesses, and even wlibiv ho lost; as lost with a verve ariddasirthat made his failure look uncommonly like success. ' , ' Immediately after her interview with Mr. E/.olciol she drove into the city to • see, Mr. Latroillo, reputed to be the sharpest solicitor in Loudon, in criminal cases, and to him she entrusted her husband's defence, handing him n cheque for ,£1000, and toll ing him to spare no expense. • ‘ ~ . / Ho was so fortun.Uta; as to ' retain Mr. Lemaire, and subsequently employed days in seeing witnesses, sifting evidence and making inquiries. Ho saw Mr. Skewboh more than once, then went to Jack, and heard what lie had to say. ? »lb was perfectly simple and to the point, and the evidence" against him was equally lucid. .“ My wife means well," said Jack with stubborn lips, “ bub it is lost labor—bud money. I intend,to plead guilty.” Mr. Latrcillc’s powers did not avail him boro. Ho honestly believed Jack guilty, and saw nob the smallest prospect of saying him. • Ho avenfstraighfcbO'Elizabeth on leaving Jack. I o toll her so. : A figure slim as a school girl’s, and ; the bluest, saddest ’ eyes' he had ever spen, greeted him ; but perhaps what afterwards astonished)him'most was, that having ;for gptten her deafness, and addressed her in -bis usual voice, she responded to every word ho said. “ Your husband means to plead guilly," he saidj'.wlich they wore seated opposite cadi other,- “aiid if,ho does, there is noth ing more to be done.” “ If he [deads guilty, you will say that he is insane,” she said, boldly, “ and it is the truth, he was insane when ho accused himself to save! me.” ■ '■ • Mr.'Latreille looked ’at her with eyes that seemed th read her very soul. “There must be truth between us,” he said, “ or I can do nothing. You did nob kill Mr. Ross, and your husband did.” , >( Elizabeth's Jace hardened, “ If is for ybu'bo prove that ho did hot,” she said. ' “Toll me," he said, changing his lone .suddenly, ‘‘ what servants you had at the 'limbv i i, • ' -- . “ Rose, tho woman who opened the 'door to you, and the two other women. botljJg norant andstupid, who rushed out 'of "the. fhouse two days after the murder.” 5 “’Tins* woman Rose," ho dropped his voice, “she has been with you soma years ?” \- ‘ “ Several.” j- - “ She has your confidence ?” i Elizabelb was silent, j “ You are angry with her on account of j tho evidence sho gave at the enquiry be- I fore, the magistrate ?” : Elizabeth’s eves flashed. I “Yes.” f ,“She gave it reluctantly. You would nob have had/ her perjure herself '?” Elizabeth’s eyes flashed again, “-Yes^-iforflum.” Mr; Latreille looked at her keenly. Fierce as a tigress in defending her lord, he thought, hut if so fond of him, why Mr. Ross ? “ Yet you have not turned her away?” ho said. ' " ' ’ ! i ; .. .“ Ho,, that, would be unjust,” said Eliza beth coldly. .“ Ho doubt she felt it her duty to tell what she dreamt, supposing it to have really happened. Sho has been an excellent servant hitherto, and devoted bo our interests.” “And’knowing that, you are angry with her,” said Mr.. Latreille slowly, “ she yet olepts. . to stay. That tolls in her ■ favor.” ' ■ ,' “ Yes,” said Elizabeth, “ she must surely have some sort of affection or pity for me, or why should sho remain ? No respec table servant can bo induced to coma 1 hero, and it is with difficulty that I have oh-, tained a charwoman,” “ She has some other reason for staying," said Mr. Latreille to himself j. a reason that is. closo by, or I’m much,mistaken.” Aloud he said-; -■ ’ “Youconfide inker?” “No,” said Elizabeth boldly. “ Rut that letter,” said Mr. Latreille. disliking his ta?k very much, “why did she.,destroy tho letter you,.,wrote to.; Mr, Ross overnight?” . Elizabeth’s face grow, haggard as ho /looked at it. ’-y ; “Did she destroy it?” sho/said. “I saw her burn something, bub did not know whati Why should, slip., burn the ono I wrote to Mr, Ross? It was only a few. lines about a business matter.” She stop ped abruptly, and her color rose. “ I did nob ask .him to pomo ; .down that night,” she said, proudly, “.but ho came.” : '‘' Mr. irritably. ‘ , “ dpuld she—for pf eourep you ore aware slip will be brought fonvard,a.,as witness against your husband?—betray anything that would have a bearing on the ease?” i Over Elizabeth’s blue eyes a veil seemed I to be insensibly drawn. I “ If she wore malicioualyd isposed, yes,” she .said, ascjilmly ns..|f ,ib,. .wore & more liaburai thing to own to guilt than inrio kconeov -- .j <y. .... v. , ■■i.-i . “ Youaro very maghahim ms,” said Mr. LatreiUo, starting up ; “ take care yOu are not taken advantage of. If 3*011 are wise” (hodtoppod his voice to a whisper) “ you ■Wityjtokd'- advantage of hbr prcsonco* : hore to.find, 1 , out from her all you can ns to her friends—and her lover: Of course she has one?"*",' . ‘‘She is.very, reserved/’ said Elizabeth weanjy,.“ but I believe she occasionally -walks opt with some roan.” . ! “ I imagine so.” “ She usually mixes your night draught? •said Jitv. Xatroillo carelessly, but his eye was keener than ever. Sometimes.” . “ She mixed one for you that,night ? ” ,“ No;” s&uT; Elizabeth, looking surprised. “ I mixed it myself.” “ Humph !” said Mr. Latreillo ag lin, “ and you slept unusually sound ? ” \- “ v Elizacpth stqppsd : abruptly, and •Mir. “ .almost ;caught,’:’ hi's*breath. - . i- “I do not find youdcaf atall-V-he said' suddenly, “ and judging by the events of that.night I expected (pardon mo) to find you almost stone deaf.” , She looked up. “ I- can always hear cultivated voices,” shp said, “ and you speak very distinctly. It is the half-educated people and servants whom I cannot understand. My friend? sometimes say 10 mo, ‘ Why do you talk so much to So-and-so? ’ I say, ‘ Because hd has a delicious voice, and I can hoar hiip/ ” “Yet you did not hoar thj pistol-shoi that night,” said Mr. Latreillo. The thick fringes of her eyes foil suddenly, making answer neither negative nor affirmative. “ You are too young to live here alone; and in a place that has such dreadful as sociations,”'ho sa.id, looking round the pleasant room as if ho expected poor Barry Ross’s ghost to bo hidden sorae mltere,; “ have you no relations to bo with you?"" “ No thank heaven!” said Elizabeth, lifting her start!ugly blue eyes, two spots of sweetest color in the pallor of her small face. r “ Or friends? ’’ _- “ Spmo—but none to confide in. I have ®y..trouble to boar, and I will boarit alone. Hesel remain till Jack come home, or—” “ Barry Ross was a good follow?” he said, abruptly. Elizabeth stepped back as if Mr. Lat reillo had struck her. “ He was a hound,” she said, with a gesture of fierce loathing repudiation, “a traitor and a coward, and he deserved what ho. got, and more—and more !” Her.blue eyes blazed, her slight form grew taller, she had leaped at a bound from a timid girl to an avenging goddess. “ Before God !” said Mr. Latreillo, below his breath, “ she is capable of anything— what if she has been lolling the truth right through, after alj,?” The moment of revenge or fancied anni hilation passed ; it was but a young thing trembling in every limb who stood before with;.slender hands held up .to him in prayer. ' “ You will do-your best for him?” she said. - ' . ; “ Yes—I will—but I tell you plainly I have little hope of.gotting him,off. -All-’!' haVfr to put against the overwhelming testimony to his guilt is one small.scrap of evidence, that may be worth much, or nothing at all.” .‘-‘-If any one can save him you will,” saiirEUzaboth, trying to still her quiver ing limbs, “andO! may God bless you if yon .do.” ■Mr.Latroillc took her poor little flutter ing baud, aiuh held it fast between two strong.pnes, “You a bad woman ?” he said, literally thinking aloud, “ not a bit of it—a bettor one ixpvcr breathed, for all your tantrums, and though you can toll a lie, and stick to it too. And I'll do my best. So he won’t see you, eh ?” “No.” “ A'pity,” said Mr. Latreillo, his side glance taking in all the pride and suffering of her face, “ for I think-—-” “ Tell him,” sho said, earnestly, “ that X have but one favor to beg of him, and that I beseech him to grant it me—that he will plead ‘ Not Guilty.’ That if ho does so,.1/not acquitted, ho may bo punished formanslaughfer only, and we will wait for him, Daffy and I, till ho cornea back to us—wo will wait all our lives long if needs bo. But- if. ho refuses this request of mine ” sho paused, and in her white face Mr. Latreillo read her intention. “ I will tell him,” ho said, below his breath, “ And I will come and seo you again as soon as I have anything to toll you.” -He. pressed her hand. There were tears in his eyes as he wont out, . CHAPTER V, “Oil ! thinkna yo my heart was soir As 1 laid the mool on his yellow hair? 0! thinkna yo my heart was wao .As;I turned about, awa’ to gao?” And Berry Ross's place know him no more; By the side of her dead boy his mother had. kneeled and cursed his mur derers; and when at last sho had been suffered to take him away, sho had buried him among bis own people ; and tlie names of Elizabeth and her Husband wore the most horrible of all names in her widowed and childless ears. For she believed, as did- 8Q many others, that the woman had coquetted with her son,and led him on, and upon him; and oithcr slain him with her own hand, or, by force of the situation in which her husband found her, ,had actually constrained him to do the crime; If this women were not guilty, wby bad she pot come to her, the bereaved mother, as slip looked on the dead face of her hoy, and wept with her over him, as for a lost friend whom sho had sincerely valued ? Mrs. Rosa had not thought it strange thatoher son should occupy some rooms in MrVSt. George's house; the two men had beoji at Eton and Oxford - together, and whon- ono had married; an(l the other bad .remained single, the friendship had con tinued/ Looking back, Mrs. Ross romem bcrp<|-‘that Barry bad ofton'spokon of Eliza belil^;of how lovely she was, how good yet liqw full of fire, and how patiently she horti'the deafness that had afflicted her fromher earliest youth. But sho could re call; no"sign that ho loved her, or gave her undue place in his thoughts, though s|i6;,remembered, too, that ho spoke in pritfso of no woman save Elizabol h. ,-t Barry had never been known to do a ; shady thing-in his life i he had* bcon-lovod for his sunny looks and temper fo0i.jp sweetness of nature had never suffered him to sin against anyone but ■ liimsblf; and now ho lay in his grave, with a dark cloud of dishonor rosllng oyer Injn.in the eyes of allsavohis friends, who swrtto that if, was imppssiblo he should have slolen down in the night on so base ; p?i errand as was said lo bo I ho cause of his , deatih.. . - •; 1 Thprc, wore olhersr—neither friends nor jfocs4rwho. suggePl ed that, when ; apt ing pn a mad impulse, ho had dcscondeti ' tbb driwihg-room,, either stfubk ;*wJth .remorse or .ma.didpned by. , 'El.iwilj.6fch , 8 re-, prbapheSj hohad turned the pistol against , . but,was it -possible -that after 1 Bupnton occurrence sho should havo slept calmly for many hours? Merciful souls said that in very truth she had wakened at all that night, her deafness} having placed her in the extraordinary* position that she might bo in the midst j of a tragedy and know nothing of it, but that Jack, happening upon Mr.lloss, there,: and doubting both her and him, had slain ; his false friend, and left* him] there to silently toll his own talc:) *'&** .^Others,'again,' opined that a burglar, 1 tempted by the sapphires, might have got’ In, andjsiirpmed by Mr. Boss, had in selfr. defence shot him; but were a pistol in Barry’s possession, was it not more likely i that he would have shot the thief? and the weapon was St. George’s, nob Barry’s.' Again, burglars do not as a rule go where without being pretty sure of their, ground, and if they had received informa tion from a confederate in the house,,they would probably not have been surprised at • ill, but departed with the same ease as they had entered, and, in : any case, most issuvedly would have taken tlie sapphires ; while the theory that the room had been entered from the sky-light in the house looking on Mrs. St. George’s leads fell to the ground when inquiry only elicited that 'ho house was inhabited by an old cobbler, who dived alone in it, and could only orawltibout at a snail’s pace. His assistant slept in Marylebono Lane, indbeing duly followed there, it was Droved that, he had come homo to his lodg ing'as usual, had hia tea, retired to bed, ind come down at his usual time next morning, so that, it was impossible he -should have been inside the cobbler’s house that night. Elizabeth herself had never given the sapphire theory a thought. If she did hot value the stones particularly, she sufficiently realised their worth to hide them in such a way that no outsider could positively know where to look for them, and as to the servants in the house, any of them could have robbed her at any time. Jack simply hated, the stones, and had protested against, her accepting a gift that marked her out. as a subject for vio lence, and possibly murder, besides being a, perpetual source of anxiety to himself. But a woman must, bo an angel who will refuse.a priceless jewel that exactly suits her eyes and complexion, and, moreover, make her at once a target for the envy and malice of her kind; for. wherever Elizabeth went, those two enormous sap phires—so enormous that they were seldom believed lo bo real save by those who knew her—rivet ted every eye upon her form. Two conditions have been attached- to this gift, that, she should never let them out of her own personal possession, and that she should never raise money upon them or sell them. Gayly enough Elizabeth had made the necessary promises to her rich godfather ,(now dead), but long ago she had repented her of making either. Gladly would she have turned them into mono}', for Jack’s progress at the bar was slow, and food and house vent were dear, so was society, and life in town meant a perpetual disbursing of small and big coins, while the enjoy ment- purchased by the same was dispro portionately small. • had, given her word, and in stead of breaking it, she bad hit on a little plan by which she might obtain some money, and enjoy the bliss of pouring it all one day into Jack's brown hand, and so she had collogued with Barry, and con fusion had come of it, and despair and death. Long before that she had sacrificed her OWn comfort, to economy in the house, that she might take a small cottage in the coun try whore the fresh air, urgently required by a certain precious somebody, could be obtained, and so she had airily told Barry they had rooms to let, and he had moved into them gladly, not knowing the bad ac commodation she had reserved to herself above. To Jack an attic, with Elizabeth in it, was a palace, and ho boro philosophically what caused her really acute pain; but she often went down to the cottage in Berkshire, as often indeed as her care for Jack permitted. They had never fallen out of love with each other, these two—nobody had come between them during the five years of their married life, for theirs had been that perfect sympathy of heart and soul winch makes united lives one long feast of de lightful company. And who would have dreamed that any interruption to their happiness should ever come? And now sKo was alone—and friends and enemies alike marvelled that she could remain in that house, whoso number and story wore on every tongue, and that no one passed without a curious st are up at. its pretty windows, as if expecting to see a ghostly tragedy enacted. She who had once been so sensitive was surely not sensitive now, or she must have iled from it long ago ; but they did hot know that- bor courage was stronger than her sensitiveness, therefore she re mained. When Jack came-home —ay ! but. would he boar to put. up with her company always, if his prison-doors opened, and sent him forth a free man ? Elizabeth did not break down as some women would havo done under the awful strain. Some people go down under ad versity, others are braced rip by it. If she had on enormous capacity for suffer ing, she had also a good constitution, and that high-mottled courage which rises to the occasion, as the thoroughbred horse will respond to the call made upon him, even if, in accomplishing it, ho burst his heart and dio. So her back grew to its burden, and if she wasted day by day, her spirit was. yet unbroken and whole within her. Nervous she was indeed, with that terrible physical nervousness known only to tho deaf, who never grow accustomed to the strangeness of people appearing suddenly, without sound, before thorn, and who are weary with the perpetual strain of f lying to hear indistinct or unsympa thetic voices, that irritate and wound their oars. Common people look upon a deaf person as only one degree removed from an idiot, ■and not only-roar at him, hut think it necessary to elaborately explain every thing down to his limited intelligence; much as an Englishman, when ho, is try ing to talk French, 'holloas at a French man. , ' It had come with such oruol. swiftness oh Elizabeth, and it had como to remain forever, A .bright, pager child, thirsting first in her school, overworked, a sudden chill, rtnd then—silence to all tho sweet oat sounds of nature, and, the toh dovest, most delicious notes of-(ho human voice. To sit alone while others laughed, to bo tho fool ot her company when most eager to: understand, to see life only from oho narrow stand-point, and hoar it not at all,- with ' . . , 'VWis Jom at’ono entrance quite shut out,” this, wne tho lifo of Elizabeth, and she had borne it, yoa; and gavly,. with love to turn itilljts.broken promise,! to ,gpld ; but now thatiovo was gone, tho silence seemed to -touch- lior heart,'and 'she shrank farther into hor:oMlly ionolihess, as one who Could never bp? warm again. v (■TO DE CONTINT7BD.) 