WAYS OF THE WOBLD. By BOYET. i~:' The purchase of Leura (residence of the S ,. late Mr. Robert Simson), by Mr. Harry T Payne, for £12,000, opens again oue of the 'finest houses in Toorak. It is situated in >?; Toorak-road, opposite Sirs. John Siuison's L* j Trewalla. The frontage extends from Or rong r.wd to Ciiuterbury-road. The grounds are extensive, the garden beautiful, aud the view over the city, suburbs, and bay ; magnificent. Mr. Payne is second son of ' the late Sir. T. B. Payne, of Maritimo, : , ?: South Yarra. He married Miss Crooke, a lady well known in the hunting field. & v; jj Last week I had the privilege of repro .^'dueiug the corrugated remarks of an English -?.traveller on colonial cookery, which were >, rather unpleasant reading for us. On the "" principle of a good turn not going unre warded, it is only fair to reproduce the eom "Yments (by "Slaruiaduke," in "Truth'') on . tlcookcry at English hotels. Thus he writes: > . ?-"The food at an average English hotel or Vilodgiug-house is abominable. At the former "* .jthe cook serves up a variety of villainous j imitations of French dishes, generally ac- j j. cqmpanied by a green or red sauce; and at i ;. ;!the latter ham and eggs for breakfast and I v'Ja tough fillet of beef for diuner are the I supreme results of the efforts of the esta-1 blishment. The English hotel chicken is a j \ marvellous bird, which is concocted of many j ? ^'bones enveloped in the skin of a rhinoceros, j studded like that skin with bristles. It is j ,;-'Vthis bird which lays the English hotel egg, j 'a strange thing, the yolk of which is a sickly j !,Vj white-yellow. There is the hotel soup, loo- j '.. warm and tasteless; the hotel fish, flabby; j le hotel dessert, composed of microscopic j | grapes, all pips and skin, and pears which; o^tare hard aud dry. The English hotel wine ' '{{-and cigars are too atrocious to describe, and vuj'for these horrors visitors have to pay prices , i 'which foreign hotel proprietors have never ! even dreamt of extorting." Honours are V'now easy. *».? Boiler skating, of a1! things in the world, l^ilhas again caught on in Sydney. Last week j ^.25 girls gave a very large party at Darling-' jhurst Skating Rink, at which the Governor; jf and all the leading Sydney peopie were j t_;>5present. At Kandwick lunches could bej '0?-numbered on the lingers of one hand. A j pretty social function on Derby Day ,»'.iWas Sirs. W. Mitchell's strawberry tea on ,iv the lawn. a There is no excuse for anyone nowadays ^ V'-ito plead ignorance of the manners and cus V'jjtains of good society, for Ward, Loc k, r.nd j jTitCo. Limited, Salisbury- square, Loudon,' have issued a penny handbook, "Manners ! All." It contains 92 pages, and there I Sfsjiare pictures in it, too, depicting people' ?H i very srrongly under the influence of eti- > Quef-te, and very smart they look. Some | >,-* of the hints are real eye- openers, such as, ?' *>'.. ^ar instance, "'A hat should never be woru 1 i-Hby mesi going into church'"; "Gloves' should not be worn by men at dinners."' /-I iThese are quite as good as our old friend, ,J ? "Peas ?hould on no account be eaten with a knife." But the rudest shock of all is in the chapter on "Courtship." The p- author in one paragraph, in the most cold blooded manner, gives away all the ro ? mance we have buili up round the deli rate and delightful process of love-making. He or she writesiVCourtship is often, v';;. though unintentionally, a series of decep tions. It is a period of hope and happiness. Both persons show their best and most' . .ii amiable qualities-not intentionally, but j because they cannot help it. They \- f are always dressed in their best, they are on their best behaviour. There! yj-is mutual hallucination; a haze of passion, ;#. which heightens every charm and con- j ijj ceuls every defect." If the Austral Salon I *1 bad not decided by a majority of four that j jV| modern manners were not deteriorating, I jjy' would have suggested their casting this igj pennyworth of seed on Australian soil. ii* - ijl The woman suffragists must not take Sir. Campbell's speech in the Legislative Coun |f cil too seriously. He is, besides being on ex grcellent auctioneer, a humourist. You hare grbut to listen to him in the box for five j|*. ininutea to discover that. "Now, what shall I say for this aged grey mare, sound in ?) .wind and limb, with just a playful habit of pausing her hind lege? Come, make me an |L©ffer, gentlemen. Two pun' ten, I'm bid; -going for two-pua'-ten; and two pun' ten is ? all I'm bid. Thrfep pounds for the owner. .Take her in, JimpSKd bring out thenertlot." !;Yes, the female pufiFragists should certainly j go end bear Mr. Campbell. If they did they I couldn't be angry with him; in fact, they i night learn to love him, and then, what a jj Jiappy man he'd be. Bendigonians are not treating their ghost [in a way to produce best results. . To '"eavc /arf a brick" at any visitor is not good form, fSMyl never will tie. Suppose, for instance, *' Wepe Mr. Alfred Joseph who had "re " with six yards of muslin wound Woold sticks, fitonea, and guns iweleome? Shakespeare, who had sob ghosts, and knew their > «nd jWtoms thoroughly, is very s the ppfnt of assaulting them. For . Warcellua tries to go i»f buried Denmark with ;at once. Mat ; officer thus: ^ Wdj BO majestical, * 4? Moltwx." jjFoihn a deputation, r <^a*n»embera for the it. . ^hen, li*H{h«nja)idresB( ^?.thtWwandB in head, with and now published by the "Spectator" is this one:-When Mrs. .Norton was in the heyday of her beauty, a lovely Italian lady arrived in London, with introduc tions to her. She at once gave a dinner ; for her. Amongst the guests was Lord Noimanby, a great admirer of pretty ' women. One of the Italian's charms was o profusion of splendid hair, dressed io many plaits. The ladies decided that it was not her own. Before the evening was over, Lord Normanby expressed ad miration for the Italian's hair, and sug gested he would like to eee it down. "Puisque YOUS le desirez, milord" (If you wish it, uiy lord), said the lady, and forthwith unplaited one massive coil after another, while the other ladies looked on I ra emy. "Je fak pour vous, milord, ce i que je ne ferais pas tout le monde" (I do I for you, my lord, what I would not do for j everybody), said the Italian, casting ; up her fine eyes from under her mantle of i flowing locks. "H y a trois semaines quei j je n'ai defait mes cheveux" (It is three i weeks since I have had my hair down), | which startling announcement in some de j gree consoled the English dames for their I inferior locks. An incident of Cowes regatta was the race for the Arstralian Cup, given by Mr. C. i Gibson Millar (of Millar Bros., Gee long), and won by the Sente. Mr. Millar was not able to see his cup competed for. He is staying at Queen's-gate, London, with his daughter, and is in very indifferent health. | "Fashion," the new paper devoted to men's dress, describes the latest design in American hats as "a porkpie felt, with a brim round it like a roof-gutter." This is the only article invented during the last six months that has had nothing to do with the war. The milk had been showing signs that the late heavy rains had not been without j their effect, and the house-mother waa sorely troubled. At length, the bull, or rather the cow, had to be taken by the horns, and the milkman severely spoken to. | "Well, mum," he uaively replied, "you see, it's this way; the boss has been ill, and the clerk has had to do all the work, and very likely he ain't mixed youra properly1." 