NOTES AND COMMENTS. * What a lot of trouble may be caused by so little a thing as a comma! Just now we struck a description of a wedding in foreign parts as related by the correspondent of a ladies' paper. ' At the conclusion of the ceremony,' says she, ' the bridegroom lifted the bride's veil, which covered her head, and most of her dress.' * > * * A scribe we have heard of once wrote that out of the mouths of youngsters comes more sense than from the average member of Parliament It was playing it pretty low down on M's.P, * to make such sweeping statement as that, bat the shot nearly hit the mark. A dominie not a million miiee from Coolgarcie tel s a story which proves that, at least sometimes, there comes from a kid's oral aperture words that show the youngster is observant, takes notes and has a knowledge of applied logic. The teacher in question wound up a scripture lesson by ' And now, Johnny Blank, tell me how the first woman wss made 7' Like a flash came the reply from Johnny, * From the jaw bone of an ass, sir 1' An English contemporary displays an accurate knowledge of our geography in dishing up an item re the big Melbourne fire some months back. Icsays:—«A destructive fire occurred at New Westminster, a large township on the south coast t f the province of Sydney, Australia, the damage bting estimated at £500,000.' In the face of this it would be mere presumption on our part to inform our contemporary that New Westminster isan important suburb of the city of Doodlekine, which is excellently situated on Bulong Bay, a picturesque inlet on the extreme north-east coast of the province of Coolgardie, Tasmania, and is the chief industrial city of the continent. * » * » The Albany paper is at present assiduously advertising thac tswn as a health resort, and in glowing language sets forth the various joys at the disposal of their summer visitors; out it remains for a Perth weekly io complete the list, as it does in the folio wing par :— A l;ading Albany no'ab.e, speaking at a local 4 public meeting, coniemnei the cliquism which distinguished- the . F.F.A.'s (thirst Families of Albany) in unmeasured terms as having the effect of driving visitors away from the town. His own daughters, he might remark, were pro bono publico.' * * * * Our telegrams tell us that to-day will witness the final kick of the ' Ksperance Times,' which will gracefully yield up the ghost because the proprietors are convinced of their inability to make another kind of ' ghost' perambulate the estibl shmeat o' Saturdays. A herefore the following epitaph should not be 1 aKjpgather misappropriate :— ' The Times are out of joint,' is not The reason why the ' Times' goes smash— The Times has chucked a seven, 'cos The « Times * ' ig * out of cash * ! # 4 An English paper prints this as a ' true hill ' :—' Ball-room at Dublin, and Captain Lord Ranfurly leaning against wall near Lady Mayoress, Lady Mayoress gets up and accosts Lord Banfurly as follows :— ' Now, Mister Liftinant why arn't ye dancing at me bail 7'—Lord Baniurli : ' I am not Mr Lieutenant.' Lady Mayoress : ' Then it's Mister Captin ye are. Then it's me darter Biddy there ye shall daunce with ; me darter's hot for a dauDce with a hofficer.'—Lord Banfurly: ' I am not Mr Captain' L»dy Mayoress : 'Then who the divil are ye?'—Lord banfurly : ' I, Captain Lord Banfurly.' Lady Mayoress: 'Captain Lord Baofur'y 7 Be gorra, I'll daunce wi' ye meeself; cum on.' And the Lady Mayoress seized her unwilling guest, and dragged him round the room, which was easy for h^r to to do, as she weighed some four teen stone* * » * * An hotelkeeper was telling the story. ' There are three clergymen in this town,' he said, 'and I confess I can't quite understand them. There's Mr Meek came down to my place th'e week and said the doctor haci ordered his wife brandy, and woald I send up a case. Then the next day Mr M'Givern, from the manse, wrote and explained that his wife was low in tone, and the doctor had prescribed good stout, so he wanted a case of the best Dubl' n. Well, then, yesterday Father Muldoon come3 aioag, throws the "bridle of his horse over the post, and says,' Mine is M'Ewan's pale ale; what are you taking yourself 1 ' Poor divil, I pitied him, so I did,' the 1 landlord -went on commiseratingly, 4 having » no wife * to put it down • to.' * A local father, who seamB never to tire of recounting the sayings of his bright little seven-year-old son, buttoa-holed us yesterday with the latest. The nipper heard the word ' heirloom' mentioned, and wanted to know 4 wot's that 7' Tbe proud pater explained that it was something that's handed down f om father to son. The kid thought for a moment or two, then observed laconically : 1 Funny name for pants 1' Tbe p.p. may have been culling our journalistic leg, but if the yarn isn't true it deserves "to be. * * * * A naughty English contemporary ia responsible for the followingIn the visitors' lis* at the leading h jtel at Vancouver the clerk found the following iu the registered list of guests at \be pla<w. Why is be pondering? 4 At the Vancouver; W. E. B. Notman and wife, Norform, N.Y.' 