A MYSTERIOUS STORY. cnArrenl v (coorXnur.). "EIonrinEE years ago," began the woman, in a deep voloe, "I and my husbaud lived a many miles from here, ata plaoe called Wayside Fiarm." )Mr. Rainford startedl, and lilcteled with attention. Elino notioed his atart with uer prise. "'Twas a poor place, and we'd not enough of anything, except children. We'd nine of 'cai, aind hardly becad to put in their months. My eister, her as you ser below, lived with uor, and we didn't heop no crvcant, o we couldn't well bore donio without her. Thoro'e a pleoo called iPoehict about a mile or Co off hto farm. You must mind that. You won't be like to forgot it, air 1" rho added, tturning to Mr. Irainford. "I remember," he remarked. "When you canme and asked mi t'other day about that night, sir, I pretended to know nothing of it; but now I'm going to make a clean breast of it, both to you and this young lady." The mystifiod Elino could only fool ourprise. Hlow 8he could posoibly be mixed up with anythi:g that occurred so many years ago, and with which Mr. BIainford was nasocinted, she could by no means divine. " Well, sir, au 1 reid, Waynido Farm wan but a poor plnco; but we lived on it somohow, and worked hard, we and the nine childron. But when there seemed a chluio of nme having another, 1 was qite eoast down, for I said to myself, how could weo manage with one more mouth to food ? " Well, I grieved about it, till my husbanud scolded lme till we came to words. ' W\hen the baby comres,' he says, 'it'll have a father to love it. And its mother ought to, whether hoe will or no.' "' As to loving it,' I answerod, 'that's one thing ; but whoro it's to live, or how, is more than its mother knows.' Well, one night, we had high words over it-you might haves heard no in the road. And a etranger did overhear the quarrel-a gentleman as had come up to the door to ask tho shorotet way back to Rooklet, for he was a stranger theoroabouts, he said. " My husband got up nnd went to the door to answevor hiu. I well ro* nmember the sort o' nilght it was-not a breath of air, so still. And the gentleman, tall, anid dark, and grand, loolking in npon us. "'o1)u't lot mo disturb you,' he says; ' but would you be kind enough to direct meo to llooklot ?' And we told him; but instead o' goin' away, he stood thelre, hIsitating. "' I've got something olto to say,' he oays, after a minute. 'I'm a straoger here, and I and my wife are ooming to liooklot in six wool:o or so for the benofit of her health. Now, by chance, I overheard what you and your wife have boon having a dispute about, iand I've a proposal to makeo you.' "' Since you want to got rid o' the baby that's comin', acd I and my wife wnut one, lot 1me buy it of you. It will be well cared for ; but it must boe a girl. There's property involved,' he says, ' whioh mnloes me nay it must be a girl. I'll pay yon down, in that event, five hundred pounds cacb, and do well by the child. My wife herself won't know that it's not our own, for aho's looking to have one born in a couple of monthe- samo time as you ; but none of heors live, and she grieves so to have sno live, that I think 'twill be the deaths of her. And I don't doubt this ouoe will die, as all the rest have done, and I shall give my dear wife great happiless if I lot her think the child lives. It may oave bor lifo perhaps, and no otne will be harmed by it; the money's my own which I shall leave it, and I shall chaont no body. And you'd be eased of a good many cares if I paid you down fivo hundred pounds each.' " I was right down wild to asoopt this offer; but-will you believe it? -my foolish husbaud was wild in another sort of way. Ieo couldn't coil the dear babo, like no if 'twas a horsn or cow, ho said. "' It'll be my adopted daughter,' nays the gentlemeni, 'if you'll give it up to me,' "'Where dy'o live, air, and how olton shall I nee it?' shlie my huoband. "'Yo mnust clearly understand,' nuswored thile gentleman, ' that if you give up the baby to me, you give it up nltogothcr. I live a matter of a bun rsed miloes away from here. You don't know me, nor I yon ; but 'tion't likely I ahould want to give an thous. and pounda for thi ohild if I didn't men to do wall by it.' "''Tain't no msannor of uoo you saying a word more.' nawere my husband. 'I'11 never part with my child if I'm not to know what booomnes of it. And so good'night to you, sir, and good.byo.' "'Think it over a little. Secoond thonghts are bsoot oometimes,' says the stranger. II'll call again.' "' Spare ysouroslf that trouble; I al?n't alter,' ny huosband replioes. "'Oh, I'll soe you again, any. how I' answeoro be. 'My nameo's Raynoloy, and I'm staying in Rook. lot for a fewo days.' And with that he went his way. "Next day my sister Ann (seo you s?w below) was amsittin' with me in tho eveniong, tie obildren out, my hus. band too, and we weore all alonoe." "'My mind misgives me thlat I shall have twinse this time again, /Ann,' I said, 'aud thou what soball we do ?' " she started up, and began to ralk up nnd down the room. At last nale tops right in front of mo, nod else stsloo, il is queeor voio, " do you roeally wish for thin five lssndred pounds, and stooublo 2" " ' Wiul I s ihould think so,' anid I, 'I'm tired ouosghl of babioes, and rely n cough for the money I' ('hI, yon're sire of that2' silo go0n on, ' Then if you'll hnld yoslr tongulo, anid hobe uiiled by n, I'11 coo If I ora help yes to it.' 1 stared at her0 iot tnise sniolerotsidisg osue bit what olo was alter. "'lf you do hIvo ti\vlne, we can t?oaeo aos of 's'o,' isle usay~ , wiith a clhoret Ihlus, 'l only 0hol shoy'll tot both b oyo, ni hlols Is esos liioely, ms lihe .fIslllesulll rsistsi|n a girl,' "I wane bewitched like,. " You mean my hultb?nd's not to know ?' I a lied. "I mean jact that, and nothing else,' aI-a tihe. We cnu rnmar,.g it,' the g i oi0. " Wo talk:d a dcial more about it; tad -nIi ii my htibliatuid next n? - tiencd the enbij<i t, I pretalended I'd come roluid lii i thik iS hO ?id-- thIat it 'nd be a drealful thing to cdll tIhe child bcforo it wae born. " Well, one evening coon after, atn Ann and tan iat alone in the dark, tohe t ranOge gonatleman came again. And Ann cays to him, ' if twin alroa !.orn, may isatr Imeanl yell to have one, not eale. We can't koeep t!ho two, not to give them broad to eat.' " Well, asn lik would have it, lhe very night t int (the baby we'd bar gained to about woo born, emy liis blrtd woas aivay at a fair. I'd i?aoltlr sister alive tohen, named Jane, anid ato wF?' ai'ost na good ac o doctor, and we'd let her into thet secret, not telling her though tll that the gontllemnn was to give us. We mado hitr believe 'twas not more thou n hundred, and preomcid her twernty-five of it. 'Twas utch a ni,,l t, light as day, anid warm a3 coul be,. Ann had arranged everything with the gentleman, Mr. l]oyncley; he was to sit tip for three nighlt running, and ready to open the door at any minit, night , or day, when I gave (Ito signal. IHe'd brihed his wife's nurse, he told Ann; and that he'd told Ihe doctor who waco to attendlher, thuat if so be that hi wifoe' baby died (as all t'others hail done), that he'd mado op his mind to doooeeive horinto think. ing it lived, for that aslo was just pining away, and he loved her more than his life. Anid hlie mrid l orplained to the doctor that he had found a worthy couple willing to let him adopt their child if t'w.a a girl. " Never chall I forget what I suffered in my mind that night for fear my husband ebould come back too soon. Mr. Itayneley came, too, and Ann sent him straight back, and told him to watch. lo camen o t toy hie wife had a boy, born at mid.day, but that it it had only uttered one cry, and thenou died. " We've oapt it from her at pro. sent, for she can't unrso it hirealf,' he says, ' and she's half-unconscious.' " He wan in such a trouble of mind, that he could senrce follow what Ann said to him. "' We soll l now to night,' she said ; ' go, and keep on the watch.' "' Ieaven grant your eietor may have the baby to give ml I It'll save my dear wife's life,' he said, and there wero tenrs in his oyes and a alloltk in his voice. "'Twaos about eleven o'clook when twin girls were born. I'd made up my mind thero'd either bo only one, or else, if twins were born, they'd both be boys. What luck we thought it, to be iure I Ann was so pleased. Sihe droened one of the babes in haste; and, as she told me next day, she never shoot: so much in her life as whein oho weunt out to one of the front windows and opened it and looked tp and down the road to see whether Johnu, my hunsband, was in sight. "Then ebho softly Ehutl down the winidow, and came into the next room, and took the new-born babo in her arms, anud stole downstairs. " But when we got to (ho front door, she caught eight of a stranger, leaning over a gate, looking at the cattle in the field near by. A young follow hIe was, she could see, 'cause he wao elim. His bnok was to her, and she alunk away, and got out by tie back door, sorry enough to go by that road, for 'twas longer, and the baby was not more than an hour or so old. " But shel was pretty certain the young follow looking over tbo gate hadn't seen her. "On oao wont as fa?t no her legs could take her ; but sho woe stout and burdened with theo baby, and afraid of mooting somebody, though 'twos past midnight and a quiet country place. " And, when soh got to a little dis. oane, and was turning under the treos, abo eaw that very young follow sho'd noticed loaning over the gate running after her. "Ilalf-crazed with fear, ohe ran too; and from knowing the roade so well, doubled back again, and watched till she heard him rush on into the outer road. " Then back she want at the risk of mooting my ihuband, and passed through one of our floldo and got into the road by our house, when olheo went atraight on till she got umac Rocklot, Then, just as she thought all danger wans over, eho Caught eight of romo. one a.ooming along in the moonlight -a slim young follow, for all the world like thelo one that had come run ning after her nandor the trees. She know there was a baro ahanoo of oceapo, and pressed on down the High Stroeet. Evorythig depended on Mr. Raynolaoy or some of his folks being ready wheno she gave the signal agroeed on. " But sho'd hardly given thebo door a touoh, whebon 'twas opened by Mr. Raynoloey himself; and, next moment, Ann wae safo iuoido, leaving the otranger to follow on in vain, "You did look for her, I suppose, air 2" asked the woman, pausing in her narrative, and turning her soerch. ing gazo upon Mr, .Rainford. 11o only replied by a ciliet motion of the head and hand. But, an in. stant afterwards, he boent down, nand anid, in a low voieoo, "Lady Elino, let me entrett you to reti'o. I w;ill ,ulloa the rest to you. This is trying you too seoverely 1" The young girl' oo n wan white a0 marble; but she replied, in a steady voleoo, " thank you; but it is nooons anry now that I aloild hlaor all, I could never root witlhout doing so." "Lot tun perOuadt you ioereto--" 1lio voione faltered, Heo droeaded no mulch what wan cotniilg, that hle kInow not how to finilsh hi nontence. "It Is too late I" roepliod Elie, in a ctraugo tone, ahivoriag like a npoun. "YeH; lhaut 'tie, Sim must hIoar ilce reot now I" cried Mrs. H?owlItalo; " to I'll got on with it, ' Yo,'re juct In timeo to navo my dear wlfo'l'u lifo I' orlon Mr. Itayonelot. " Blen the dear bahy I' he ,ny ; "It Srchll be ro if 'tvaeo really my ownI I'll provide for it the came, and love it the crnol I Our own little babyf wouldn't have boretn drer I' " Well, before rho left the houe-t thlt oight, the cenr:id the mooney with ler-the thourtond ipolndo; rand left iu return for the Imoney, sa paper rignetr d befortbant by me, and with moy uhsband'o iieno (but he never know nothing about it ; 'tv;wa I eigued for him, bless you I) agrecing to give up the child to Mr. Iiayneley's care entirely, and to let it be called by what noro he liltd. " Arnn hid the gold and notco about hrr, rand canio back faster than Ihe went. But there was no fear about any Ia3bnrd Lmooting her as shel came inr, for cho took care to go round to the d:rctrt'e to tell him to come as Boon ta he could ; but 'twar' aill over. Next day my own oistor, June, received her tevontyfive pound, and though herself rwell off ; and we divided the rest be tween Aun and roe. "Now, my husband Ihcd a brother, who'd quarrelled with him years ago, and gone to America, and come back, we board, with a lot o' money and no children. And just no the lease of Waysido Farm fell orut, we heard he'd settled here, and I persuaded my husband to loc l him up, and told bim a taelo that come money Jaune had left mo-fifty pounds, I pretended--would start ns again. And no he couldn't get Wayside Farm lensed to him again, and hoped his brother would leave him soomething, and he'd heard of a farm to be had here, we sold all off rnd camo hero, but ho died a mouth after, and we [fond his brother bad left the plsce, and the fa.rm we'd heard of was lot to somebody else. Ba iutead of a tearm we got this amnehaklec cottage, and little by little the money all went. I had nine children, when we came ; there are only three left now-my two ouns- nud they want to emigrate-- and Daisy. The others died off. Ilost throe by fever one summer. " One day I heard thlat a new lord war comoing to live at Tlhe Lodge; that he had a very beautiful daughter too; but what was that to me ? I bad a beautiful daughter too ; but nobody did't taloke account of her. Thou all of a suddon I saw the new lord ride by, and a sort of thrill went through meo-he was so like Mr. Ravneloy; but he was older, and a good deal altered. I might be mistaken; and when I come to ask who my lord was aflor he was Lord Rivereley, and they told mo Mr. Oakburn, I never give no thought of it till t'other day when you asked me, sir, that night. Now d'ye understand why I made as if I knew nothing of whet ye meant 2 Now, young lady " (turning to Eline) "now do you understanud why I sent for you, and who I am ? I'm your mother l- that's who I am I Your own mother I" When the woman besought, in coareo and awkward fashion, some cign of affection from her whom she claimed as daughter, a violent ohud dering seized on Eline, and with horror she motioned her away. An instant afterwards the unhappy girl turned and rushed from the chamber. Stern and relentless, Maurice op. proeached Eline's mother. " Wretched woman I" cried he, "your story may be true ; but under stand this. By your own confession, you and your sister committed a for gery in putting your husband's name to the paper, in which yo aegrood to part with your child. I shall not hoei. tate to prosecute you both with the utmost rigor of the law for that for gory, if you dare to whisper a word of this tale to another human being. If your story is true, it is a bitter shame to you. You made your bargain, and wore paid for it, You were glad to get rid of your child ; apd now, after all these years, yen dare to tell her you, who lenowingly gayo her over to a wholly different life-that she beo longs to ?ach an you. At the leaot breath of your story, I will let you feel the worst. You shall pay for your evil-doing I" The woman had blanched at his words, and shrunk into herself, cowsr ing nuder the bed- coverings. " Have done with this deception I" he went on; "this deception about your being in a dying state. Could a dying woman have told this long otory with the energy you have put into it ? (let up, I say, and go about your business 1" "Oh, sir, I'm ill, in truth. Have a little pity I" But he throw at her a disdainful glance, and orasheld down the narrow ltairo~ae. In the kitchen below the other woman was eorouoahed, listening; abshe seemed overpowered by terror. Mr. Rainford stopped before her. " You hoard what I said to your ao complieo above ? I shall bhe as good ns my word. You may think to extort money from Lord livereley; he may be weak enoughl to wish to bribe yon; but thie matter is out of his hands now. In plao of oenjoying the fruit of your villainy, you shall find a prison. You are in my power, and I will have no pity I" Tbohen he trode from the house. Witl his mind full of agonising thoughts, he came within night of the stateoly mansion which was now the home of the young and lovely girl whoso life had boon shattered in a moment by this dreadful revelation. " \Wherois abouow ? How will abe bear it? Site can never nurvive the horror of it I To think of those two coarsoe working men being Lady Eliuo's own brothers I That woman her mother l Tico other hler aunt l Lady Elino I She is, alan I no longer. Oh, that we may usncooed in hiding it from the world I" Satddenly a sound emote hin oar. Sweeping through the park came a couple of oarriage?s, bearing a gay compeany- doubtless visitors, driving up for lulohoon. How could be go in amuong tlhem, and smile, and chat, and comport himseolf a if nothing had happeouerl ? ilut it nar necoesnary e ahbould seo hler for one momont, Ielo must re. anreour her, if potaible. Ie longed to tell her that he lhad ailoneood that wonran,fr fol)r e proseont at least, whlich wourld give the te tiee to think howl to teat, lThat wooanrr I SIe roaon Eline'a mother. lie muirt be ltunrdod how obe epore of hoer to litho, Fooling co if going up to a cannon'i mouth, he walked to the front door of his hoat'e mansion, when he eud denly come upon a group of people, all laughing and talking gaily. Among these wero Lord and Lady Rirersley; but unconsoious, evi dently, of tho blow that had fallen on his supposod child. "h r. Raiunford, have you soeeon Elino ?" asked Lady Rivereloy, with a smile. "Lord Forest is looking for her everywhere, I. believe." "Lady Elino went through the park a short time riunc, I think ; I am not suro," ltammered he. " You are not well, Hr. iainford, I am afraid," said his hosteso in a voico full of concern. " It is true I have a doeperato head aoho ; so if you will ezxuse me I will not join your lunohoon party. But it is nothing. Pray don't suppose it is more than a hendaeho. I will alip away now and reo-appear in the evening." "Do; I am no carry I" returned Lady Rivereley. Evading then the gay group, Maurice etol away by himself. But how should hoe find Elino ? As, porploexed what to do, he ro mained In the sbrub ary, he saw a atylishly-droseod young woman ap preaching him. heo curtsied as bhe came near, asking : "Have you noon Lord Forest, if you plaomo, air2 Lady Eline sent me to find his lordship." " Is Lady Elino oomo in ?" askeds Mr. Rainford eagerly, "Yes, air. hoe looks very ill, sir; but her ladyship forbids me to teoll my lady." "No, no; don't alarm Lady Rivers loy. It may be the boeat which Lady Elino is suffering from. I will lookl for Lord Forest. What shall I tell him from Lady Elino?" "Her ladyship begs his lordebip to go at once to the roeo-garden, as she has something to say to him." "Very well. Ah I there in Lord Forest. I'll stop him." " Thank you, air. Lady Elioe will join his lordship there, aho wished me to say." Maurioo hurried forward, and de taining the young lordl delivered the moesago. "Is anything the natter, Rain ford ?" asked te young man. " You look as if you had soon a ghost." "I fool no if I had soon one," re turned hbe. "I too have boon com. pletoly upset by that wretched old woman's protonded dying, for I fauoy it was pretence. And, Forest, I fear Lady Eline has beoon much upset by it too. Don't lot her agitate herself by repeating tho soone now and dwelling on it." "No, no; thank you, IRainford I The dear girl has so tender a heart that she could soarcely bear a death. bed aoone. I'll soothe her if possible .nd ta'~ c ro that bho doo no' cagain expose herself to this kind of thing." And the young, prooperous, and happy Lord Forest hastily took his way to the roae.garden, (To be coinunced.) 