A REPENTANT GHOST. " 6o you at-tuallj bolie»e in ghost* P" renarked Oharlie Besvtt».intwTORative!?,wilb an iBount of flippauoy in his tone, aad au amused ile on his rather boyish tsce, to bis elder atd Ml sedate friend Kobeit Forder, as they s»t iogt<tber in the formnr's comfurtablu baohnlor looms oue evaniag towards the close ol the last nenth of the year, discussing a ohoioe blend uf iliitkr fjudioiously commingled with potass), nid blowlog eurly blus wreaths from uuim- »aaohahle oigm. " 1 am bouod to belisve iu them," replied the ithar ta all aaruiasness. " What f Do you mean to aa; that yon have eeu ene f " Decidedly -, I may say 1 almost owe my rife te a Spook." "Gome, I say, old man, draw it a little uild r " ill tell yen the story ir yoa like. But mlsd, 1 very rarely meoUoo the subject. I don't oars khout it talked about anywhere and every where. Cou understand r" " Ferfeotty," said Charlie, all eageraess for 1 Ae mortal. 1 Go ahead, I'D be as mum as ,-a-a what's Its name." "Well, yen must kaow befora I secured {through the iaflueuoe sf a j fathsr-io-law; my pressot positios as maaagar ef the bank hezv, I was punsiui the eallini of aa seoountsnt in Osrahester, After three years'hard labour 1 began to feel my feet asd think I might veature 1° "k a certain yeung lady to Aare my future let. 1 waa tolerably sure that I should meet with as rebuff from my darliag, but there waa a stera parent to be reckoned with. " I had made tbe acquaintance of Ur. Ida tl hew Turnover, head of the rrepected and aid onisted bankisg-house of Turnover Brothers, and Ohrckweil, threugh ordiosry business intercourse, and we faseama in time on quite intimate terms, 1 frequently apeat my Bondays at his charming residence is the park. Be had an only dauthter, Eleanor. The (eat you will readily uaderstand. Well, I put the momentous questioa to the dear girl and achieved the euooess 1 plead guilty to have been vaia enough to astioipate. "Then followed the iusvitable Interview with papa. He evinced ne surprise when 1 told him my tale, as many fathen do after being themselves the prime movers in bringing two impressionable young people together. B< sras straightforward enough. Told ma, although he had oertalnly oherishad mora ambitious views for his oaly child, it was aot his intention to try ts enforce his idaas if they wen likely to interfere with his daughters happioam. Still, he was bound to consider the tmpertant qseetiso of ways and means, and though ha admitted 1 had made rapid ana substantial progress In my profession—if aueh it oould b> flailed—heat the earns tieae did not eoaaidei the ioeome I was then earning sufficiently laigt to justify as ia taking wpoo myself the res ponslbility of a wife and probable ooatingeasiea. . " He wooad up hy saying •- *' 1 Although Bleanor, aa you Imew, is as only child, ahe will aot materially benefit through me on her marriage, as it is my flxeo intention to withdraw ao sun of oonsequenet from the bask. My share mi the profits— npt so much of it as I require to live upon— femains ia the concern until my time eomes foi quitting this world, then, sT course, Blasnoi iwlll inherit what I shall 4eare behind me. But Hod ha thanked, 1 am well and hearty, and ma) jaaaaaably look forward to ton er fifteen year, ganger of sisefut life, tlj advice therefore ti ynu, is go ou working as you have donshithei (to, aad, in three years say, you oan broacl Itfaasubjeetsicain, andif Blly should he still' tlhs same mind xegardtngyouisdf, why we may gimhaps ase if matten osnnotheiucTanged. In {thameaatiose, there wCU ha—at all events «' differeaoe in our friendship Dhus's ssy hsad upon it.* Xou may guess I did not feel extiavsgaatly gubUaat ovar the arrangemeBt. Three yean aaemed an awful long time to wait. But! ha: *he fullest faith in Eleanor's ooeataney. How «rer,(srillgetoato the llniah; 1 don't wish to jbecs you arith too many gnrsonal details, 1* About eight moalhahad gene by, aAaa oar iliyia the middle siT December, Jlr. Turnover hastUraataretf ny unpretentious office. The gaottemaa appeared gesatly agitated, *ndil amsssmawaaeata after heiag seated that he was able to speak. "laaxioosly inquirrd if he ware Ol, or was aaylbisc wrong at hosu ? Mo-w> ooe iH,'he said, slowly. 'The has hMD robbed.' «"»shbadf iexolaiawd. 'thewj Base *le thieves been caught f •"•Tou dsat uaderirtand. The robbery is fmssiaaide. The duel caShier.* <Whatf BradloyT 1 «ned, : ia»hegreatesl tha giaocaot eaahiir waa afinaday -aehool tsa regular chapel-goer, jand i doo't know what betides. • .'r,-,..-, . •'•^Ly J {Cfcs apooth-tongued hypocrite,' add fir. Ivmr, with oooaiderahla emphasis. 'Andhe'sigoSa goad tweaty-foar hours' start, ^e was awi^p co abort ieava.' • •ma JVbaiistheainoiuitf'f asked. very anuddenUe gom'inpoprertiUs .< yes. : - 1 ! waat goo to aome to the bank go through'the hooks—hu hooks, you know i^pri^o^^po^a.'wfeiirish toherp mpuMk. ^miiaia^rx ' a*Juidw.^unwysr r^gardedtne ; > jttaii |hin)diig. ^>>ri>aps, } seemed to baai. ' It^nay he worlii ysurirfifle.' - am atyourservioe, Ur. Torwnr/lls' atautlyreplied. •Whas doyoowuhmetoiegiir • y •'•-•-.••" '> 'So*i«ht. Are you winhig to wurk laU f Vm&ijpsrir;, . •Tv^?:. f if/JlM jsssy command me likt,Jlr.T»reovsi,*l^ : tdea«asheda«ommymladthatl0ii^teilde to ask i'-fsvoar htm >niin>after«>e ? •• As so?n n* we wvre sratuil in (be hank psr. Ii,nr Mr. Turnorerhmiled me a letter.remarliing t'lal Ilie mii-sing Brsdlry had caused it lo bq de'irrred in a somewhat mvsterious msnner •• When I read the note Mr. Turnover asked niT epinion of it. I Slid : ,, .jhttMWowisoool eertaioly.but I infer from what lie writ"—if it is Ihe truth, of oounmthat thi re has lieen no systematic MnbtEi'oment piling lonvard for some time ; that, in fact, he committed the thelt in a sudden fit of teruptation. 1 see he mentions sixty-right thoussud. 1 ,, . yrR| that is quite enough without ths piob»l>ility ol morehavinf to he added te it. 1 tni^t your surmise will turn out correct. Let us get to work Bitliaut delay.' *• We worked unremittingly till ten, failing lo lUscmrt de.falcstiona beyond those alreaiiy known. This <rss so far satisfactory that Mr. Turnover oaofessed he felt mvtoh relieved and suggested an adjoarnment to a ueighbourini fiist-class hotel—his club being too fat away—to recruit oxhausled nature. Wo were let out by the bank narelaker through a small side door, and told him to remain up till ws returned. Having done justioa to au excellent little cold sosok, washed do»u by a bottle of very etcellent port, I told my companion there was 110 need whatever for him to go baok to the bank with ma, aa I eosld do well enough without him -at all ernnta for the raroaintW of that night. Be assented, telling me not to aUy very late. " When I got to the bank, I eat to my task with renewed vigour, still falling t* discover extended evidanoe of guilt ia the absoondbf osshier^ book. By this time, although the night was oold outride, the room 1 was working ia began, by reaaon ot the many gas jets horntog, to (sow uncomfortably warm. I faefan to feel drowsy, and at a quarter-past twelve by the small olook on the maatelpieoe, 1 dropped into as inviting esay ohatr, aad (alt ettremely Jiks dropping as well Into a prolonged dose, but as I had no intention that war. I struggled against tbeiaehoatton by raising my heavy eyelids at frsqueot Intervals. " 1 heard a neighbouring church clook boom larth the midnight hour, and, opening ur ejsa, •was Jolt en the paint of rising from my comfortable poaition with the intention of rsauaing (work for another half bear, when I saw something that deterred me ; kept me, in faot, spellbound in say seat. There,right before me a few parda away, appeared the spectral form of fWestoott Bradley, the defaulting oeahier. • " There was a sad—I might almost describe Itn i eharteasd leok on the ghastly fsos _ aa j tthough the spirit was atperienoing profoand {contrition for some misdsed the body had imitted during life. : " I ooee more slosed my eysa, thinUag that jwheu 1 looked agun the thing would have vanished. Bot ao I There was the shadowy (gun eommenoing to retreat slowly backwards, ito Itraaaparest arm raised, the llsshlesa hand with Its bony fingers beckoning me to follow. It reminded sw of Hamlet and ths ghost oa ths castle rsmperta, oaly I assure you I fsh precious little Uke the "impetuous Prises; I required as holding back. I triad to spssk, t>ut ths words I framed with my dry lips wsre iasudlblssMes to myself. As seen ss the shads reaebed the a*ea door leading into ths main room, I erase meehaninally as though Impelled bysosse Basses power, aud want with bated breath after the still slowly retreating appari* It eoatlBiwd to ware its ghostly hand *intil the massive iron door whieh led to ths ivanlt belew, where the bullion aud seeuritias were kept in huge safe*,or tether strong rooms, iwas reached. I quite rxpeeted to see the flgtue och away in ths orthodox manner. But a trifling obstruction of this kind waa «s barrier ta the melancholy spirit el ths pecoant cash for. tWith an intense lingering last leok of anguish and a final wave af tbe arm more emphatic thaa previously, it simply, as it seaeaed to asy b* wildtfed^ gase, baekad through the solid irea- I ean assure you 1 felt considerably relieved oa being rid of the apparition. Fnrthsr work was, of esarar, out of the question, so I summoned the caretaker to 1st me out, imparting nothing whatever to him regarding ths strapge expsrirnoe I had jost gone through. Next asniKg I called upon Mr.Tormmr before he left home, and recounted to him what had talrea place ia his bank the night before, J was not in tbs least surprised at my story being received with a walls of inoredolity. Hy dear Forder,' said the .worthy, bnt unbelieving banker, * you, af osures, fell asleep in the ehair and dreamed all this.' Nothing of the kind, I assure you, Ur. Turnover,' i answered, warmly. Btdl, the aU gentleman remained unoonvineed. Besssmbsr/hewsntea baateringly, 'yon had partaken of supper and wins—generous •linsrtf' *'However, to faring my story with la reasonable bounds, i aril I Just say that by the time we had arrived at ths bank t bad almost eonrinced Mr. Tmmovar tbat I had eeenthe ghost of his delinfoeot servant; and he agreed, at my re. questt that we disuld visit the vault together. though aunty,' observed he,' you don't espeet to esksmsntw your aad-Iaced Bpook agun, so eariyia theday f' Wtac we had got down below and tuned np ths gas, Sir, Turnover proceeded to oprn twa luge upright jsafes steading agsioat ths wall Kvsrythisgassma as aausl/ ha rem irked, after amvsying-the iaterion. ' Tour spirit evidently bad » particular tale to unfold, even if you had been able to accompany him here, last aigbt.' •Why did « beoknu to me so vaiutUy this dixeotion f ' I remarired. • By the way," I added quiekly, as my aesplieal oampanioa srent ahsut securing tbe safes again,'whet of tbe big one sver tbem to the left; us) you goiag to open that f w * Oh/ he answarsd unlessly, ' that is as old. oae not in use ; has sot been opened, I should say,for several years. !t ip empty.' " 'I suppose there is ao objection to me having a peep iaside?' "'Kottheslightest. Thereisttiek»yonlh> wsll there? " I handed It jo hint, pud he at ones laaerted it la the lsdr, while I sbed hy ready to jpull thl' : massive door aaids. '' * 'Dsar'hie,'remarked Mr. Tonsbvar, in ettr- prise, aa ths 'Wards' svorimd "quite aaijly. ^ f Oertalnly expected >»«» diBsilty.'' i " I-pulled atlU.-heavy dosr,svhioh awung quite smoothly, juKai it it -had feeen opaasd daily with ths olhsa.: ;./;» nl . " Tb& PtaX jnomtat aa. exclsmatyn • ol horrified purpriaej^i frpen the tinker's Ups, si hest<^tiack severs} ^frombeforstht 1 front of the safe. ' ^ '' -. . •oofW fiSf-Swii loolE ixpnsi l -^hs ktaring ^ihallii ahdt>rebualag'iuguii 'Showed howhshad met a 4ucribls Ua-aeraileyr'' f errtlalmed, ss soon ssl ooaldfindtirraHiffongh. -t i^j i-u - is ij'estcott -Bradley,'asid lb. iq spectuie npon phidi bt gu^ rna titutel unwind securities, 1 ought (o have mj lewsid. 1 got it, and have never regret ted for a aiugie moment uking it. Nothing muoh was eliciu-d at the inquest except the information tbat the look of tbe dis-used stroug room worked spting wise, and it was coujectored tbat llndley, who bad evidently been using ths safe for bis own purposes, bad opened the dear, tltea hung up the key in Its aicultomod plaee, gone inside, and iu a moment of forgfetfulneu let the door come en the sprinn, and ao made the receptacle for concealing his plunder his living tomb." 