A DETECTIVE STORY. Br LAW~SECE L. LYNCH, Author of "No Proof," " Moina," &c.; Publihed by special arrangement with Messrs. Ward. Lock 4; Co., Ltd [ALL RIGHTS RasVHBRH.] CHAPTER VII. XENUNCIATION. Ferrars had predicted that nothing tould be gained by the inquest, and the :esult proved him a prophet. Peter Kramer, the poor half-wit who lad given the first clue to the where ..bouts of the murdered man, was found, and his confidence won by much coaxing, nd more sweets and shining pennies, the .nly coin which Peter would ever recog dae' assuch, but the result was small. a tked had he seen the teacher, -the reply ras, " Yep." Asked where, " Most by njun hill."' Asked what doing, "Settin' town." "Had he heard the pistol fired ?" asked he doctor. "Un! Uh! Heard nawthin." "And whom did you see, Peter, besides he teacher 1" Again the look of affright in the dull yes, the arm lifted as in self- protection, nd the only word they could coax from is lips was, "Ghost !" uttered in evident ear and trembling. And this was repeated at the inquest. 'his, and no more, from Peter. Mrs Fry, Charles Brierly's landlady. ald how the dead man had appeared at reakfast, and her testimony did not crord with the statement of her little aughter. " BMliss Grant has told me of my little irl's mistake," she said. "?Mr lrierly .ras down-stairs unusually early that corning, and he did not look quite as Tell as usual. He looked worried, in set, and ate little. He was always a small ater, and I said something about his eat ag even less than usual, and I can't re all the exact words. Nellie, of course, id not observe the worried look, as I did, nd quoted me wrong. Mr Brierly left he house at once after leaving the table. did not think of it at first, but it came w me this morning that as he did not arry any books with him, he must of ourse have meant to come back for them, nd--" She paused. "And, of course," suggested the coro .er, "he must have had his pistol upon .is person when he came down to break aistl Is that your meaning ?"T' "Yes, sir." The weapon, found near the dead man's and as it had doubt'ess fallen from it, ,as there in evidence, as it had been ,icked up with two of the chambers mpty. That it was not a case of murder for 1-nder was proven, or so they thought, the fact that the dead man's watch was nd upon his person; his pockets con sing a small sum of money, pencils, \- ves, note book, a small picture case, sed with a spring, and containing ida Grant's picture, and a letter from brother. tilda Grant's brief testimony did not -ee with that of Mrs Fry. "She saw her lover, alive, for the last to on the evening before his death. He -s in good spirits, and if there was any :.ing troubling him he gave no sign of it. was by nature quiet and rather re -ved,' she said. 'Yes, she knew his habit of sometimes ng to the lake shore beyond the town practice at target-shooting, but when did not appear at his post at nine lock, she never thought to send to the e shore at first, because he nsualty re ned from his morning exercise before ie o'clock, and so her first thought had an to send to Mrs Fry's." When the doctor and Robert were aut to leave the scene of the murder, :ong other instructions given to Doran I been this: "Don't say anything in town about Mr ierly's arrival; you know how curious r people are, and we would have a lot curiosity lovers hovering around my ce to see and hear and ask questions. ast caution the others, will youT'?" Doran held an acknowledged leader .p over the men with whom he con 'ted, and the group willingly preserved once. Later, when Doctor Barnes ex tined to Ferraro how he had kept the rious away from his door, and from ierly, he thought the detective's grati ition because of this rather strange, it at first, and in excess of the cause. ' You couldn't have done a better lg," Ferrars had declared. " It's more tn I had ventured to hope. Keep ierly's identity as close as possible un the inquest is called, and then hold it sk, and do not put him on the stand til the last." After Mrs Fry, the boy Peter, and Ida Grant had been questioned, Samuel 'ran took the witness chair, telling of • summons from Miss Grant, of the Saration of the group at the Indian mand, of his meeting with Mrs Jamie , of the discovery made by his two aipanions ad of all that followed. And un Mrs Janieson was called. She had entered the place accompanied -an acquaintance from the Glenville, ,..: they had taken, from choice, as it .med to them, seats in the rear of the Sy, and somewhat aloof from the place :ere Hilda Grant, iMrs Marcy, and Mrs Sy sat. Robert rierly would have taken : place beside Hilda, but the detective erposed. "Owing to the precautions of the doc : and SIr Doran, the factof oryour re '. ionship has notleaked out. It appears at Mrs Fry was not informed of your ciing until the evening before, or Sursday evening,' and she seems to be a ry discreet woman. After the inquest a will be free to devote yourself to ?s Grant Until then, it is my whim, :gnu like, to keep you incog." Of course Brierly acquiesced, but more an once he found himself wondering sy this should seem to Ferrars needful. iMrs Jamieson came quietly to the wit : ses' chair, and took her place. There .s a little stir as she came forward, for, ile she had been for some weeks m *enville, and had driven much about its mntry roads and lanes, she had gone, : the most part, more or less closely iled in fleecy gauzes of black or white ost she was seldom seen beyond the annds about the family hotel. To-day, however, the lady had chosen |wear a Parisian looking gown of dull ack silk and a tiny capote of the same Saterial rested upon her blonde and ;madant hair, while only the filmiest of iste illusion veiled, but did not hide, a pretty face from which the blue eyes oked out and about her, gravely but ith perfect self-possession. She told of her morning drive, and hile so doing, Ferrars, sitting a little in :le rear of the coroner, slipped into his aIm a small card closely written upon sbth sides. Upon one side was written, SUse these as random shots." -Andwhen she spoke of the man whom dhehad seen going into the wood near the mound, the doctor interposed his first isnetion. " Can you describe the person at all? His dress, his bearing 1" "Not distinctly," she.replied. "He was going from me, and his face, of course, I could not see. In fact, as I have before stated, my pony was fresh, and required my attent;on. Besides, there was really no reason why I should look a second time at the back of a strange person whom I passed at some little dis tance. As I seem to recall the figure now, it was that of a rather tall, fair haired man. I can say no more." " And at what hour was this ?" "It must have been nearing eight o'c'ock, I fancy, although being out for pleasure I took little notice of the hour." No further interruptions were made until she had finished the story of the morning's experience of her meeting with Doran and the others, of the drive to the village, and of her message to Miss Grant "Did you know Miss Grant 1" "Only-as I had seen her at church, and upon the street or in the school yard. We had never met, prior to that morning." "And Charles Brierly ? Did you know him ". "Only-by sight. I know few people in Glenville outside of my ho-of the Glenville House." Both the doctor and Ferrars noted the unfinished' word bro'en off at the first syllable. To the one it was a riddle; to the other it told something. which he might find useful later on. " Mrs Jamieson," resumed the coroner, after consulting the detective's card,. ".how far did you drive yesterday before you turned about upon the wood road ?" For a moment the lady seemed to be questioning her memory. Then she re plied. "The distance in miles, or fractions of miles, I could not give. I turned the pony about, I remember, at a place where the road curves toward the lake, at the old mill, near the opening of the wood." "Ah, then you could see, of course, for some distance up and down the lake shore ?" "I could i' There was a hint of surprise in her coldly courteous reply. - "And at that point did you see any thing, any one in the wood, or along the lake ?" " I certainly saw no person. But-yes, 1 do remember that there was a boat at the water's edge, not far from the place where I turned homeward. It was a little beyond, or north of me." " Did you observe whether there were oars in the boat ?" "I saw none, 1 am quite sure," the lady replied, and this ended her part in the inquiry. But now there were some youthful, eager and valuable new witnesses, and their combined testimony amounted to this : When the body of their beloved teacher had been brought home and the first hour of excitement had passed, three boys, who had beeni among Charles Brierly's brightest and most mischief loving and adventurous pupils, had set out, a full hour in advance of the elder exploring party, and had followed the lake shore and the wood road. one closely skirting the lake shore, another running through the sparse timber and under growth about half way up the shallow slope, and the third trotting down the road beyond ; the three keeping pretty nearly parallel until the discovery, by the lad upon the shore, of the boat drawn out of the water, and in the shade of a tree. This had brought the otlters down to the lake and then caused them to go hastily back. Meeting the party of men, who were not far behind them, the boys had-turned back 'with them, and now there was a crowd of.witnesses to corroborate the story of the boat. It stood, theyall affirmed, in the shade of a spreading tree, so as that no sun rays had beaten upon it, add its sides were still damp from recent contact with the water, while it stood entirely upon the land. Two oars, also showing signs 4 of contact with the lake, were in the little boat, blade ends down, and it was 4 evident that its late occupant had dis embarked in haste, for, while the stake I by which the boat had been secured stood scarcely three feet away, and the chain and padlock lay over the edge of .the little craft, there had been no effort to secure it, and the' oars had the look of I having been hastily shipped and left thus without further care. When the matter of the boat had been fully investigated, the coroner and Fer rare conferred together for some mo ments, and during these moments Mrs Jamieson and her companion exchanged some whispered words. Through some mistake, it would seeni, these two had 'been given places which, while aloof from the strange men, and almost in the rear of the jurors, brought them facing the open door of the inner room, where, in full view, the shrouded body of the murdered man lay, and from the first the eyes of the ti'o seemed held and fascinated by the sight of the- long, still figure outlined under the white covering. ' Is it possible," whispered the lady witness, "that we must sit here until the end, face to face with that !" -She was trembling slightly, as she spoke. "It is making me nervous." i' "And no wonder," murmured her friend. " lut it must be almost over.• I -I confess to some curiosityv. This is such a new and unusual sensation, to be here, you know." . . " Ugh f'" : lirs Jamieson turned away, for the coroner was speaking. "There is one point," he said, 'upon which our witnesses.differ, and that is the mental condition of the' deceased during the twenty-four hours preceding his death. -Another.. witness will now apeak upon this matter Mr Robert Brierly, the brother of Charles Brierly, will now testify." As Mr Robert Brierly came out from the rather secluded place he had hereto fore occupied, at the suggestion of the detective, all eyes were fixed upon him. There could be no doubt of his relatinn ship to the deceased. It was the same face, but darker and stronger; the same tall form, but broader and more athletic. The eyes of this man were darker and more resolute than those of his dead brother; his hair was browner, too, and where the face of the one had been full of kindliness and gentle dignity, that of this other was strong, spirited and resolute. But, beyond a doubt, these two were brothers. There was a stir as Brierly made his way forward, paused before the coroner and faced the jury; and then, as his eyes fell upon the two figures in the rear of that body, he made a sudden step for ward. "Doctor I" he called quickly, "you are needed hero ! A lady has fainted I" For a moment all was forgotten, save the white face that had fallen back upon her friend's shoulder, and that seemed even whiter because of the black gar ments, and beneath the. halo of fair blonde hair. . "It was that," explained the friend, who proved to be a Mrs Arthur, pointing toward the shrouded figure in the inner room. "She has been growing more and more nervous for some time." Robert Briedrly was the first at her aide, but, as the doctor took his place and he drew back a pace, a hand touched his -rStep aside," ihispered Ferrars, "where-she cannot see you." And with out comprehending but answering a look in the detective's eye, he obeyed. Mrs Jamicson did not at once recover, and the doctor and Ferrars carried her across the hall and into the room lately occupied by Brierly. As Mrs Arthur fcllowed them, it seemed to her that the detective, whom of course she did not know as such, was assuming the leader ship, and that half a dozen quick words were spoken by him to the doctor, across her friend's drooping head. " She must be removed immediately," said the doctor a moment after. "Let some one find a carriage or phaeton at once." Then, as Ferrars did not move from his place beside the bed where they had placed the unconscious woman, he strode to the chamber door, said a word or two to Doran, who had followed them as far as the door, and came back to his place beside the bed. Before Mrs Jamieson had opened her' eyes a low wagonette was at the door, and when the lady became conscious and had been raised and given a stimulating draught, she was lifted again by Ferrars and Doctor Barnes and carried to the waiting vehicle, followed by Mrs Arthur. "Kindly take the place beside the driver, madam," directed the doctor. "My friend will go with the lady and assist her; it will be best. It is possible that she may faint again." And so they drove away, Mrs Arthur beside Doran, the driver; and Mrs Jamieson, still pallid and tremulous, leaning upon the supporting shoulders of Ferrars, silent and with closed eyes. As he lifted her from the wagon otte, and assisted her up the steps, and within the door, however, the lady seamed to recover herself with an effort. She had crossed the threshold supported by Ferrars on the one side, and leaning upon her friend's arm upon the other, and at the door of the reception room she turned, saying faintly "Let me rest hero first. Before we go unstairs, I mean." Then, withdrawing her hand from her friend's arm, she seemed to steady herself, and standing more erect, turned to Ferrars. "1 must not trouble you longer, now, sir. You have been most kind." Her voice faltered, she paused a moment., and then held out her hand. "I should like very much to hear the outcome," she hesitated. "With your permission," the detective replied quickly, "I will call to ask after your welfare, and to inform you if I can." He turned to go but she made a move ment toward him. "That poor girl," she said, "I pity her so. Do you know her well, sir 1" She was quite herself now, but her voice was still weak and tremulous. "You have not heard, I see, that she is my cousin." "No. I would like to call upon her. Will you ask her if I may I" He nodded and she added quickly, " An'd call, if you please, to-morrow." Robert Ilrierly -told his story aluost without interruption ; all that he knew of his brother's life in the village; of his coming earlier than he was expected, 'and of his firm belief that his brother had been made the. victim of foul play. Possibly killed by mistake, because of some fancied resemblance; for his life, which had been like an' open book to all his friends, held no secrets, no " episodes," and enemies he never had one. In short, he could throw no light upon the mystery. of his brother's death: Rather, his story made thlit death seem more mysterious than"at.first because of the possibilities that it rendered at least' probable. But this evidence had its effect upon a somewhat bucolic jury. That Charles Brierly had been shot by another hand' than his own had been very c'early de monstrated, for his brother would have no doubt whatever left upon this point; while he little knew how much the judi cious whispers and hints uttered in the right places, and with apparent intent of confidence and secrecy, had to do with the shaping of the verdict, which was as fellows "We, the jury, find that the deceased, Charles Brierly, died from a bullet wound, fired, according to our belief, by mistake or accident, and at the hands of some person unknown." And now came the question of proof., "It must be cleared up, ' said Robert Brierly'to the detective. "I am not a 'rich man, Mr Ferrara but all that I have shall be spent at need to bring the truth to light. For I can never rest until I have learned it. It is my duty to my dead brother, father, mother- all." And late that night, alone in his room he looked out upon the stars hung low upon the eastern. horizon and mur mured " Ah, Ruth, Ruth, we were far enough asunder before, and now -Ah, it was well to have left you your freedom, for now the gulf is widening; it may soon, it will soon be impassable." And he sighed heavily, as a strong mnian sighs when the tears are very near his eyes and the pain close to his heart. CRIAPTER VIII. TRICKERY. As was quite natural, the, three men, thrown so strangely and unexpectedly to gethei at the doctor's cottage, sat up late after the inquest, and discussed the strange death of Charles Brierly in al its bearings. As a result of this they slept somewhat late, except the detective, who let himself out of the house at sunrise, and lighting a cigar, set off for a short ivalk, up one certain street, and down an other, He walked slowly, and looked indoeently absorbed in his 'cigar. But it was a very observant eye that noted, from under the peak of his English cap, the streets, the houses, and the very few stray people whom he zassed. It was not the people, though, ih whom he was chiefly interested. Ferrars was intently studying the topography of the town, at least of that portion of it which he was then traversing with such seeming aim lessness. From the doctor's cottage he had saun tered north for several blocks, crossed over, until he reached the upper or ter raced street, and followed it until he had reached the southern end of the village and was in sight of the schoolhouse not far beyond. Turning here he crossed a street or two, and was nearing the house where the dead school teacher had lived, when he saw the front door of the house open, and a woman come out and hasten away in the direction in which he was moving. She hurried on like one intent upon' some absorbing errand, and, know ingn.he.house as the late home of Charles Brierly, and the woman as its mistress, Ferrsrs quickened his steps that he might keep her in sight, and when she turned the corner leading directly to the doctor's cottage he further increased his speed, 'feeling. instinctively that her errand, iliatsever"its nature, would take her there. He was not far behind her now, and he saw the debtor standing alone upon the side piarch, saw the woman enter at the side gate, and the meeting of the two. Mrs Fry, with her back towards him, was malking excited gestures, and the face of the doctor, visible above her head, changed from a look of mild won der to such sudden anxiety and amaze ment that the detective halted at the gate, hesitating, and was seen at that instant by the doctor, who beckoned him on with a look of relief. '" Look here, Ferrars," he began, and then turned to assure himself that Brierly had not arisen, and was not ob serving them from the office window. "Come this way a few steps," moving away from the porch and halting where the shadow of the wing hid them from view from within the main dwelling. "And now, Mrs Fry, please tell Mr Grant what you had begun to tell me. I want his opinion on it. He's not a bad lawyer." "A good detective 'd be the right thing, I think," declared the woman. " It's about Mr Brierly's room, sir. He had a small bedroom, and another open ing out from it, where he used to read and'study. You know how they were, doctor !" The doctor nodded silently. " Well, last night, you remember, when you brought this gentleman and his brother to my place to look at the rooms. You or he decided not to go up then, but told me to close the rooms, and he would come to-morrow-to-day- that would be." "Yes, yes !" said the doctor, impa tiently, "we remember all that, Mrs Fry." " Well, I'd had the rooms locked ever since I heard that he was dead." Mrs Fry was growing somewhat hazy as to her pronouns. "And I had the key in my pocket. Than, well, after a while I lit the lamp in the sittin' room so's it wouldn't seem so gloomy .in the house, and went out and sat on my side stoop, and after a little my neighbor on that side, Mrs Robson, came across the lawn-there ain't no fence between, ye know-and we talked for some time, and my little girl fell asleep with her head in my lap." "Don't be too long with the story," broke in the doctor. "I don't want it to spoil Mr Brierly's breakfast, for he needs it badly. " Yes, sir. Well, just about that time -it must have been half-past eight, I guess-and there was plenty of folks all a'ong the street, a bhy came running. across the lawn and right up to me. "' f you please,' he says, touching his hat rim, ' Mr Brierly, down to the doc tor's, forgot to get the key to his brother's room, and he sent me to get it 'for. him.' I s'pose F was foolish. I felt hurt, thinkin' he couldn't trust me with his brother's things, an' so I jest hands out the key and no questions asked." A look of sudden alertness shot from' the eyes of the detective, and he arrested the doctor's evident impatience by a quick shake of the head unperceived by the woman, who was addressing her narrative to the doctor, as was natural. "I s'pose," she went on, "that I shouldn't a'.done it, but I-didn't scent anything wrong then. Mrs Robson went home in a few minutes,'and then 1 roused my little girl upand took her in and put her to bed. She was asleep again a'most as soon as her head touched the pillow, and the night was so pleasant-like that I threw my shawl on my shoulders and went out on to the front stoop. I felt sort o' lonesome in the house all alone." "Of course," commented Ferrars,.see ing the dread of their criticism or dis pleasure that was manifest in her face as she paused and looked from one to the other. "One naturally would in your place." "Yes;, I suppose so," she went on, re assured. "Well, I hadn't been out there two minutes when that same boy came running up the walk, all out of breath, and says, sort of panting between words, ' Ma'am, the lady that lives next the .'en gine-house by the corner, stopped: me: just now an' asked me to come back here an' beg you to come down there quick I tier little boy's'got himself burned awfull" " Ah I II sel" Ferrars spoke low as if to himself, and his face wore the -look of one who is beginning to understand' a riddle. "You went, of course ?" "Yes; I went." "Go on with the story, please. Tell it all as you have begun. Let us have the details, and he again nodded toward the doctor, who was regarding him with pro found surprise, and put a finger to his lip. " My sister-in-law lives in the house by the engine- house," Mrs Fry hurried on, "and knowing how careless she is about keepin' things in the house against such times, I ran back into my bedroom and got a bottle of camphor and a roll of cot ton batt. 'Run ahead, boy,' I says to the boy, 'an' tell her 1 am coming; I must lock up my doors and winders.' 'She's in an awful hurry,' he says, ' cryin' fit to kill. I'll set right down here and watch your house, ma'am; I can do no good there.' The boy spoke so honest, and Mary's boy is such a dear little fellow, that I jest lost my head complete, and ran off down the sidewalk. At the corner I looked back. The boy was sittin' on the doorstep, an' I heard him whistlin' ; someway it made me feel quite easy. But when ] got to the house and found them all in the sitting-room, and Neddy not hurt at all, but sound asleep on the floor, I was so took- back that I just dhopped down on a chair and acted like a wild woman. Instead of rushin' back that very minute, I sat there and told how I had been tricked, and scolded about that boy, an' vowed I'd have him well punished, and so on, until Mary reminded me that I'd better get back home and see if the house was all right, or if 'twas only a boy's trick." "It looked like one, surely," was the detective's easy comment. "That's what Mr Jones said. He's my neighbor. He was just going home, and we overtook him. Mary told him about the boy and he laughed and said that some boys had played that sort of trick last summer two or three times, sending people running across the town on such fool's errands. He thought maybe 'twas some boy that I had offended some way; and then I thought about how crisp I was aboutgivin' the boy Mr Brierly'skey, and it made me feel sort of easier. But Mr Jones went in with us when we got to my house. We looked all around downstairs and everything was all right. Nellie was fast asleep still, and not a thing had been disturbed. Then we went upstairs, 'just for form's sake,' Mr Jones said, and looked in all the bedrooms, and even tried Mr Brierly's door. Everything seemed right, and so Mr Jones and Mary went away, and I went to bed. But someway I couldn't sleep sound. I felt provoked and angry about that boy, and the more I thought of him, his being a stranger and all, the uneasier I got. Then I began to imagine I heard queer soiunds, and creak ing doors, and, right on the heels of all that, came a loud slam that waked Nellie and made me skip right out of bed." " A shutter, of course," said the doctor, as she paused'for breath. "Yes, a shutter, and I knew very iell that every shutter on my house was either shut tight or locked open. I lookto that every night, as soon as it's lamp-lighting time; them downstairs I habut, them up stairs I open, sometimes. I kniew where that aslammin' shutter was by the sound, and it setme toedrssng qiclk.- I had opened the shntteron Mr Briarlwin. dor that ver, aftirsnn thinkng the rooms would not seem quite so dreary and lonesome when his brother came to look through 'em and they was locked open, I knew well I All the same, it was them shutters, or one of 'em, that was clattering then, and I know it." " Were you alone in the house, you and your little girl-T' asked Ferrars. "All alone, yes, sir; and I took Nellie with me and went out into the hall-" "You mean downstairs 1" \- " Yes, sir. We sleep downstairs. Now, I thought I had seen that everything was right when Mr Jones and Mary was with me, but when we went into that hall Doctor-" turning again toward that gentleman, for she had addressed her later remarks to Ferrars,-" I guess you may remember a shelf just at the foot of the stairs. It's right behind the door, when it stands open, and that as why we hadn't seen it, or 1 hadn't before. Well, I always set the lamp for Mr Brierly's room-his bedroom lamp, that is-on that shelffor him every morning, as soon asit had been filled for the night's burning; and the morning he was killed I had it put there as usual, and it had been there ever since. It was there when Mr trierly and you two gentlemen called, after the inquest." A queer little sound escaped the detec tive's throat, and again he checked the doctor's impatience with that slight move ment of the head. " I don't call myself brave," the woman went on, " but I caught Nellie by the hand-I was carrying my bedroom lamp-and ran up the stairs and straight to Mr lirierly's door. I don't know what made me do it, but I stooped down to look through the keyhole, and there in the door was the very key I had given to that boy to take to Mr !'rierly's brother." " What did you do 1" asked the doctor, breathlessly. " I set d'wn my lamp very softly, told Nellie in a whisper not to make a noise, and then very carefully tried the key. It turned in the lock. I didn't care to go in, but I locked the door, left the key in it, and went downstairs and out at the front door. I went around the house, and stood under the window of that room. The side window shutter that I had fastened back was swinging loose. I went back to the sitting room, locking the front door and the doors from the hall into the front room and sitting room, taking out the key of the front door, and leaving the other keys in* the locks, on my side. Then I lit the big lamp, pulled down the curtains, fixed the side door so I could open it quick, and set the big dinner bell close by it. I made Nellie lie down on the lounge with her clothes on, and there I sat till morning. Be fore daylight I went into the kitchen and moved about very softly toget my self a cup of coffee and a bite of break fast for Nellie. I had been careful not to let her see how I was scared, and she went sound asleep right away. As soon as I thought you would be up I awoke my little girl, and left her sitting upon the side stoop, while I came here to you. Mr Brierly's brother ought to be first to enter that room, and-if there was anyone there last night-they're there yet." " What room is that which I ought to enter, Mrs. Fry,' said a voice- behind them, and-turning, all together, they saw Robert Brierly standing at the edge of the porch where 't joined the wall of the doctor's room. " I was afraid of this," muttered Doc tor Barnes. But the detective seemed in nowise disconcerted. Neither did he seem inclined to listen, or allow Brierly to listen to' a repetition of Mrs Fry's story. "You are here just in time, Mr Brierly," .he said, briskly. "Mrs Fry believes that someone has paid a visit to your brother's.room during the night, and as she says, you are the one who. should investigate, and I think it ought to be done at once, if you teel up to it." " I'll be with you in a moment," re plied'iirierly, promptly, and he went in doors by- way. of the French windows which-had given him egress. (To be Contsnued) 