WILD EELIN : HER ESCAPADES, ADVENTURES, -! AND BITTER SORROWS. :| By WILLIAM BLA.CK. Author of 'A Daughter of Heth,' 'A Princess of Thule,' ' Madcap Violet,' 'In Far Lochaber,' 'White Heather,' 'Stand FaBt, Craig- Royston, ' 'Highland Cousins,' &c;, &c.; Published by spceiaj arrangement with the Author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XXVIL— A Wild Plunge. The moonlight night was gradually and silently unfolding itself like a flower, and something like the perfume of a flower cama stealing in from the ghostly grey meadows and from the clumps of alder down by the stream. On the terraced portion of the tennis lawn, under the wide-branchiner trees. Eelin was slowly pacing up and down, listening. In the perfect stillness sounds seemed to come from great distances, and amidst the vague murmur that told of the. town she thought she could detect the hushed, remote, continuous rattle of carriages driving up to the Assembly rooms. Of course that was but a fancy, aud it was a fancy that left no envious sting behind it ; she was well content to be where she was — free from apprehension — her own mistress — with all t,he witchery of this Bolitude around her. Lady llelmsdaie's little scheme had worked admirably. At the last moment she had sent a note to her dearest Mary say ing she was in despair ; not for worlds would she have disappointed Holm, but here, before her eyes, was her clinical thermometer re gistering 102.8 ; it would be madness to ven ture out ; wiio, then, could he found as a sub stituto to take tho dti'.r child under her wing' And at first the Be.in-an- Tighearn's imagina tion went frantically spokiug for some suet substitute aod she would have sent off the ser vant to this one or that among her friends; until Eelin had demonstrated tho futility ol . these efforts and assured her mother that shs would infinitely prefer to bo left alone. Indeed the poor woman did not make much of a struggle ; the fatigues of the day had given her a sick headache of a desperate character; and eventually she was persuaded to betake her self to bed. And thus it was that E«]in came to be walk ing all by herself on th'_' terrace above the mysteriously-moving river ; and f;xr away was the duli golden glow shed by the lamps of the town; and out here above the dim grey fields and the darker woods the white moonlight increased in its soft radiance and there was a glory over the land. Then, from the other side of the wide current, caine the voices of soDie young men and maidens who were most likely going- in to have a look at the festivities, and presently their laughing and talking gave place to musical notei, for one of them had begun 'A boat, a boat, haste to the ferry, -: and very well they sang. Nay, Mi;s Eelin, attracted by the measured cadence that came faintly across the water, herself joined in — in a low alto that could not have bcun heard halfa dozen yards from where she stood — though she used the version Lily Neile and she were accustomed to sing together — A boat, a boal, ha;(e to l!ie ferry, For we are going to Altnaherry. Tho next moment a wild project sprang intc her head. Were these luds and lassies really going in to Union-street to watch the arrival of the illustrious chiefs ami chieftains and their still more resplendent wive3 and daughters? And could not she also, with a sufficient disguise, join in the crowd to become an unobserved onlooker, recognising one after another as each successive carriage drove up? Would she be in time to sue how Lily Noile waa looking: and how her dress became her? Surely a tartan shawl over her head aud shoul ders and brought well round her face would enable her to avoid detection ? It would be an adventure, anyway, and she might pick up soms of the voces )opuli for the subsequent! amusement of her girl companions. Now the tartan of the Macdonalds of Kinvaig consists mainly of deep purples, blues, and greens, so that this was a very sombre figure that presently wont away along the banks of the silver-trembling jNish. And in process, of time the moonlit world was ex changed for the world of gas, though to be sure - when she had crossed the suspension-bridge and entered the main thoroughfare there she was nearly on the point of abandoning bet undertaking', for the whole town was in an uproar; arm-linked youths lolled along the pavements, vainly endeavoring losing choruses in tune ; pipers skirled at random, regardless of audiences, in any convenient coiner of lane or alley ; now and again the convergence of the mob threatened tw block the way, but all same the slow string of cabs and carriages crawled onward, depositing party after party at the glowing entrance to the Assembly-rooms. And although Miss Eelin had never before been in the streets of Invernish on such an occasion and at such an hour, and although ; the rough-and-ready conduct of her neighbors :-'. from time to time rather frightened her, still she was by nature teuacious of purpose j she kept edging herself along, courteously yielding one second, gently insinuating herself the next, until at last she had obtained a position from which she could very well survey the drawing-up of the carriages and the stepping out of the gay throng, and their crossing the ? strip of red baize that- led to the brilliantly -lit doorway. Aud within the safe concealment of thia voluminous shawl she found herself very merry and lighthearted ; she laughed to herself to think that now she could spy upon her various friends and acquaintances and criticise their appearance and expression and costume without herself being subjected to any. similar ordeal ; it seemed to her that she had all the fun of the fair without any of its serious entanglements. Unhappily she ap peared to have missed Lily Neile; perhaps that young lady had come early to have her pick ot partners ; but here were plenty of others whom she knew, descending one by one to cross the pavement -and forming very pretty groups in the hall- way, their pale-hued attire appearing all the more offeotive because of the, ;U rich background of military uniforms and full .--! '.'f. Highland costume. And did no senseSpi ;y-. ;: ?; injury, no jealous grudging, stir within''~th«;,- .3 bosom of this hooded SDeotator I Notbne'.bii^Y ;';? She hoped all the girls would find exoellSn^ '? -*, dancers* she knew that ? the chaperons would ? .. ?': prove considerate; she trusted there were ?; bowers and alcoves for the sittera-t)ut; she' wished the whole company of them happinest ' j and delight and (the &irls; especially) the con. ^ BciousnesB of looking, their best.. For ? '?.!»*.:??;; £%s where beats the heart so kindly as beneath- ? '& the tartan' plaid ;' a^d sure enough thiswase ::?-,t Highland flVwlthat;wrapp(^her*0un^;.. . vrcv% -; Her friendly reveries, were rudely ,,-Sujteb: /: ??.-.SS t'uVt'ed---'Tneri9-Bteppp3'Tprthfi^J«^b'.'^jro';-',t,V| young inen— both ol them in ordratj»y!wfiriing; S^ dress— dnefsbl ' whom -site recogiiisBd phlyt^pa.'.^--! easily. ..'Burly and. beaming and Bhiuing^nd^v^' polished he was, laughing and jolting loudly frith his companion, bis dean- shaven, pot-boy face Bhowing a rollicking good bumor. Mount mahon did not see her— indeed, could not see her; but all the same and with an inde scribable loathing, Bhe started back to get i iway; and in doing so touohod the foot of ? some one immediately behind her. InBtantly the turned to apologise. ' I beg your pardon !— I'm sure I beg your pardon r she said— and at the same moment Bhe found that Archie Gilchrist was looking down upon her and staring at her in profound amazement. He was not to be deceived by any close-drawn head- covering ; he had seen her eyes— he had heard her voice ; the eyes »nd the voice of the woman he loved ; it was not likely that he could be deceived. 'Oh, how do you do, Mr. GHch'tiat?' she itaid, in rather an' incoherent fashion. ' I— I waited to see one or two of them pass in. But . dow I'm off home. Good-night t' 'You must let me see you through the crowd,' he said— though he had clearly not got over his astonishment at finding her in Buch a place and in such a guise. ' Ihe other Bide of the street will be better.' And with that^ and slightly preceding her, he piloted ' her across to the opposite pavement, where there were fewer passers-by; the straggling populace of Invernish had concentrated itself round the entrance to the rooms. ' But,' she said to him presently, ' are you not going to the ball ?' 'Oh, no,' he answered her. , 'I thought vou meant to write an article on &11 the amusements of the week V' 'Yes, and so I may,' ho said, 'from the point of view of an outsider. But I could not, go to the ball. I dared not risk the chance of seeing you dancing with the man who crossed the pavement when you turned away just now.' 'You mean Lord Mountmahon,' she said calmly. ' Well, yes, if I had gone I suppose I must have danced with him.' ' And the devil himself never invented a more ghastly profanation !' he said with an in tensity of feelins; that startled her. She did not look up to gather the expression of his face. And as she remained silent he went on — 'I had witnessed enough to-day. I saw him at the games. I waa there within the. enclosure. I saw him paying court to you— before all the known families iu the Highlauda. I saw him give you flowers — a- man like that ! And per haps—perhaps I heard something of the common talk ; anyway, I could not stay ; nor did I venture to go near that ballroom to night except as a reporter watching the arrivals. There aro some things that provoke only indignation and pity — and indignation and pity tliat are of no avail ; aud it is better to keep away.' Well it v.\n no part of her duty to dufend herself against any accusation, however obscurely implied, brought forward by this young man. He was not much more than au acquaintance ; interesting in himself, no doubt, and still more interesting with regard to his literary schemes and dreams and aspirations ; yet hardly so intimate with her as to entitle him to assume the po ition of monitor and judge. ^Nevertheless there was a ring of Bincerity in his voice and liis manner was not presumptuous, but quite the reverse of that; and thus it was that Wild Eelin, instead of hotly resenting his interference, found herself meekly replying — 'If I were you, Mr. Gilchrist, I think I would not pay so much attention to what people say. As for the bunch of roses, well, refusing them would probably have attracted more notice than accepting them ; and indeed I thought so little about them, oue way cr the other, that as soon as we got outside I threw them into the street. Then about this ball and my dancing with Lord Mountmahon, or sitting out dances with him. Suppose for a moment that I remained away for the very purpose of avoiding any such possibility? Why otherwise should I be here, walking homeward, with a shawl round my head ?' He could not find words to express his re morse and self-reproach. 'Will you ever forgive me?' ho pleaded. ?' I had no right to say what I did, even if the worst were true. It was not ruy plaoe. Only —only — there is this. It may not be much of an excuse, but there is this, that when one has found — even with a great distance separating —when one has found one's ideal of all that is beautiful and honorable and pure andiweet in womanhood, then— then one dreads the ap proach of anything likely to contaminate it. And 'so there may be causeless apprehensions and fears; yes, and there may be presumption too. But if you will forgive me this time I will not presume again.' He had so humbled himself that she was sorry for him ; and she went out of her way to be kind to him, and would lead the talk . towards his immediate occupations and affairs, and to the volume on Tannahill and Hector Macneill that he and she were to bring out together. By this time they had got away from the dinsome town and were out in the moonlit 6olitudes; but there was no suggestion on the part of either that he should relinquish his charge of her; they continued their leisurely walk by the white-glinting stream. Not that they were the tola occu pants of this phantom world. Tar on the other side of the river a drunk Eoldier was seated on the bank, most mournfully singing ' My Nannie's awa'.' He was not a ferocious warrior, but a peaceful; his plaintive ditty meant no harm to any one, he was merely com miserating himself on the absence of Nannie. ' Two difficulties he had to contend with ; the one was a recalcitrant memory, so that every now and again he would stop altogether and liarkback ; the other was the presence of grace notes at the beginning of the repetition of each line— They mind me o' Nannie, but Nannie's awa'— The . . . y me o1 Nannie, but Nannie's awa'. It was the second 'The . .y' that bothered him so fearfully ; but he was a conscientious performer ; he would attack those preliminary flourishes and wrestle with them, aud heroic ally strive to overcome them ; until he appeared to get - sick-tired of the whole affair; he stretched out his legs on the bank and turned over on his side, and no doubt was immediately fast asleep. ? '; And meanwhile around the two wanderers ttie enchanted world had grown hushed and Btill— as silent as their ebony -black shadows on the silver-grey road ; so that every tone and modulation, porhaps even an occasional ? tremor, of their speech could be heard by each of them, for recalling and remembrauce. And aS-rchio Gilchrist was in a confidential mood— . into which she had led him unawares : in ijarticular he was telling her of the joy and pride with which his mother, the poor old Syornan up. in_ Dingw'all, had beheld bis first Bppearanoes in the columns of a uews ' paper j and 'how convinced, how bravely convinced, she was of his ultimate success; \- 'ialnd. how she ?would-be more than ever con : firmed in her 'prognostications if once he could ? show her - his name on the title-page of ah jwtaal, tangible, printed book. ? Of the perfect and beautiful devotion of these two, mother and son, to each other there could be no doubt in the mind of anyone who- listened to these recollections; and Eelin liked to hear him talk in this way— it was so human and tender and true ; she felt that she was drawn closer and closer to him'in sympathy ; she followed tbose confessions with little gratified ex |^nlp:b{: assent; hers was a. nature to wfiderstand-. this /iain; «ad bis -humble sur TC^ndingsand his hopes, ftndjshe paid him the ^tnbrite 'of Bomething'inore than respect. ? ??;?? T£en *» was enujoldened to reveal to liar his great immediate ambition, which was nothing less than thiB — that the old woman in Dingwall should come for a day to flnyenrish for the purpose of being introduced to Miss Macdonald of Kin vaig— that her eyes .might behold her for a moment or two, and perhaps a few words be exchanged; whereupon the girl, in the audacious frankness of her generosity, immediately exclaimed— 'No, indeed ! Why should she be put to the trouble of travelling ? I will go through to Dingwall and call on her.' 'That would hardly do,' he said hurriedly. ' If you were to be so kind as that she— she might make a mistake. She is a great reader, she lives a good deal in the world of romance, and she might think that wild and impossible things were going to happen ? ' ' Wbat thinp6 f she asked. He had need of all his self-control ; tbo cry of hiB heart was very near to his lips. ' Impossible things.' he said curtly. ' No. Some day I will go through to Dingwall and bring back my mother with rue, because — be- cause I wish nor to see you for even a minute. That day will record my high-water mark; thereafter ? ' 'Yesf 'Thereafter the old mother will go home again to Dingwall, where the few people she knows live. And as for myself, I shall resume my Bolitary work, giving up. but surely not without gratitude— associations and friendships I am not entitled to ? ' 'And why solitary work?!- Bhe asked again. 'Is that good for you — or for any body '!'? 'Perhaps not,' he said absently. 'Soli- tariness is apt to chill one's sanguine enthu siasms. Being alone is a disheartening kind of thing ; one's faith in one's self is so apt to give way. It isn't thinking of the 'mighty poets in their misery dead ;' it'3 thinking of the millions of competitors who are alive and blocking every avenue. Never mind, success isn't everything. My fight through the world may belong and dreary and a failnre, but it need not be iu noble. My pen Bhall not be a venal one. 1 will never debase my calling. And there is nothing dishonorable in poverty — if that is to be the end ? ' 'But why should you talk iu that way?' she answered him gently. 'And why should you voluntarily give up friendships that you yourself appear to value? Do you think that it is only the proud old lady iu Dingwall who looks forward to a great future for her son? There may be others who believe in you, who know what you will do, and who are only too willing to offer you comradeship and good fellowship aud sympathy and help. And why should you refuse?— why should you turn away? ? ' Then the delirium of the moonlight night leapt co his brain. 'Eeliu,' he said, ' in that future, whatever it may have in store, will you be at my side? Eelin, will you be my wife?' And who can tell what li sudden impulses of soul and sense' may not at this same moment have swept away her reason from her ? She turned her eyes fuli on him ; she extended both hands; she said, with a fine courage — ' Yes. I will !— I will !' And then he would have drawn her towards him to kiss her as a sign and sealing of the compact, but she shrank away from him and got free. 'Ob, no— not that!' she said, in mingled alarm and distress. * ' I— I will explain — 1 will write and explain. Good night.' For by this time they had reached the gate of Glengarva House. 'But I have your promise,' he said breath lessly. 'Oh, yes, yes, you have my promise,' she answered him as she opened the gate and again noiselessly bade him farewell. Morag, the Mull lass, was in the hall sit ting up for her young mistress. 'Oh, Miss Eelin,' she said in great concern, 'what for have you stayed so late in the garden ? There are fearful beings about— and they are the most treacherous when the moon is clear ? ' ' Toots, blethers !' said Eelin in good natured scorn. 'Lock the door and put out the lights and get to bed.' As for her, she went up to her room in rather a gay and gallant mood. She had not in the least realised as yet what she had done. Chapter XXVIII.— Exgaged'Loveus: At each end of Eelin'a dreasing-table there was a lighted candle ; between these was placed her writing-desk, aud now, in the early hours of the morning, she was laboriously try ing co compose a letter. But on this occasion the ready pen and readier wit of 'White Cockade' had forsaken her ; she had made many efforts and as many failures ; and these had not .been torn up and thrown into the waste-paper basket— they had been carefully put aside for some safer form of destruction. After all, it is not an easy thing for a proud- 1 spirited and sensitive young woman to explain | to the man she had just promised to marry that she would rather be safeguardad from en dearments and demonstrations of affection ; somehow the phrases would not come right ; they were cold, unsympathetic, unmannerly, unmaidenly. The tragic humor of the situa tion was that she should consider it necessary to write in this strain to Archie Gilchrist of all persons in the world. It is true that when she promised to be his wife he had offered to kiss her, as was but natural in the circum stances, but the slight involuntary gesture with which she had shrunk back was for him as a wall of iron between them. Did she fear his insisting on his rights of possession ? Then it was little she knew of the man to whom she had pledged her life. And at last she abandoned the hopeless task ; she threw herself back in the cushioned chair and stared blankly before her at the twin blinds of the partitioned window. At first she did not notice any change; her eyes had grown accustomed to the yellow glare thrown upward by the candles, and to the dull refaction of it opaquely returned by those vertical lengths of linen ; but of a sudden it occurred to her that this opacity had partly disappeared and that a certain 'transparency had taken its place. The blinds were no longer yellow, but moro nearly their natural color of bluish-white. And then she under stood. If the new day was not yet here, at least there were indications of its approach; and so she got up and extinguished the candles, and went into the littlo windowed recess from which she oould look out on the awakening world. But not yet awakened. Sleep, hushed and profound, dwelt over the hanging woods ; the cold, steel-grey surface of the stream was un disturbed by any breath of morning air; not a leaf stirred ; the night still seemed to claim its own. Nevertheless above the foliated hejghts across the river — those brooding heights that had become a bank of solid, dark, rich olive-green — were premonitions of the wonders of the dawn ; here and there a touch of ineffable rose— a transparent swathe of faintest saffron— a mystic . glow that came stealing into the heavens, waxing warmer and clearer minuteby minute. Were they still at their dancing m yonder town? Or was it not time for the last of the carriages to be sum moned lest maidens' cheeks should look pale in confronting the splendor now mounting into the skies ? But was the world indeed so empty? It ap peared to' her that for the briefest second her absently -gazing eyes had caught sight of a figure crossing an open glade in the bushes opposite the distant weir. And if this -were not a ghost — if this were an actual human being— very well she knew who ij-: rauRt be. Who but a demented poe| would be faaunting the islands at euoh an hour ? And then she looked at the pile of unfinished letters, suggestive of *n impossible endeavor ; and she thought the explanation would be ever so much easier if she could see him face to face ; and if there were any chance of meeting him what more auppioious moment than the present, when there would be no passers-by to intrude? It was a prospect that at onos filled her with a Benae of joyoua de liverance. She forthwith locked up the dis carded correspondence, to be dealt with by and-bye ; she finished her. dressing— but care fully enough ; and then she got away down stairs and out of doors. If she were to be missed no one would express much surprise ; the household were familiar with Wild Eelin's ways. By this time the dawn had declared itself right royally ; the zenith was a wonder and glory of lustrous orange cloud, with interstices of deep purple ; and so all- pervading was the flame that the smoother breadths of the our rent, no longer of a cold steel-groy, had caught a warm bronze hue under the soft greeu of the rowans and alders. As she passed through the wicket and followed the pathway leading be tween the fields and the shingly banks of the stream she noticed that the mists were slowly drawing up the hill-Bides; but the darker mountains in the south did not seem as yet to have emerged from the night. At first she walked quickly, but when she came to the well of sweeb water aud turned to cross the first of the small bridges she knew that now she must intercept the stranger, who ever he might be, if he were anywhere about these islands. And so (with affected careless ness of observation) she wandered along the winding avenues, under the branches of beech aud lime and elm, and now and again she got a glimpse of her own home far away on the other side of the river, with no sign of life about it yet. Next she came upon Archie Gil christ. He was seated on a wooden bench with two or three books by him, an open one on his knee and a pencil in hie hand. When the slight sound of her footsteps caused him to look up he' was as one paralysed and he grew very pale. 'Oh, no,' she said, smiling, in reply to his affrighted stare — only, as she advanced towards him, she was as rose-red as he was white— 'I am myself. I am not a spectre. Do you ever see spectres — spectres of me, I mean — when you come about the islands at these unholy hours?— for I hope I don't 'walk' in that wiy ? '' The small gloved hand she gave him was certainly not the hand of a phantom-; but he was still startled. 'I did not see you come along the other side,' he said. 'And — and — I was thinking of you — and for a moment I imagined iny eyes had conjured up a spirit — I have heard of such things ? ' Ho had gathered his books together and she seemed to assume that he would accompany her, as she turned back on the way she came. ' I wished to see you,' she said — and ho was walking with her now— ' I have been trying to write to you, but I could not explain iu that way. And of course there must be ex planations and apologies. If the engagement we jumped into or fell into last night is to remain ? ' 'If it is to remain?' he repeated, but with out reproach ; it was for ber to say whether it should remain or not. 'Then I've got to apologise for my up bringing,' she continued, 'and you'll have to take me for what I am — a pretty bad lot. You see, my mother is a very fastidious woman ; and perhaps she has taught me a little too much personal pride — a sort of dislike for molly- coddling— perhaps even a disdain— that one is sorry for, you know — but there it is — an imperfection, that one must apologise for— and it might wear off in time, who can tell ? For don't fancy I'm a prude ! Oh, no, I'm not ; I'm not a sniffer ; I like fun— and lots of it ; only — only ? ' 'And you think I cannot understand ?' he said to her gently. And somehow she knew that he did understand— and she was greatly comforted. All tbe same — and still with conscious color in her cheek and with downcast eyes— she continued to make little stammering excuses for her independence, her maiden reserve, and shyness, as if any such were necessary to this man, whose attitude towards her was all of mute worship, and deference, and obedience, and surrender of self ; and by this time they had strayed from the usual walks and had conic to the upper end of the middle island, which here narrows itself to a point, cleaving the wide current in twain. Here also, facing the open stretch of landscape, is a wooden seat plentifully adorned with carved initials; and so happy did Eelin feel at having got over her pleas and extenuations and established herself on a frank and free and safe footing with him that she suggested they should sit down for a little further talk, and he was nothing loth. Loth? It was a kind of maddening intoxication to be so near her; why, as they sate there her skirts very nearly touched his foot ; under the soft folds of her silken blouse he could see tho quiet'rise and fall of her breathing : when she laughed it sounded so close that it almost seemed biaaself laughing, so quickly responsive was his sympathy to her every mood. And she was trying to be very kind towards him. She felt secure with him, She was grateful that ho had so promptly dispelled all her embarrassment. And he listened aad could have gone on listening, for the mere thrill and delight of her presence — those two alone together in this great, brilliant world of Bky and mountain and hanging foliage and rush ing water— the mere physical thrill and de light in the consciousness of Ler presence was enough. But at last he said — ' Why, Eeliu, you don't in the least seom to understand tho magnitude of the sacrifice you are makiug ! Yes ; and it i3n't as if you were drawn to it by any compelling affection or craving for affection— for I cannot believe that — I don't blind myself ; it appears to me you are. rather giving yourself away out of a generous good-heartedness— out of 'bon cama raderie' ? ' 'Ah, but you don't know,' said she, smiling again. 'By what sin fell tbe angels? Sup pose I imagine myself to be a judge of character, and suppose I think I foresee a great future for some one, and suppose I am ambitious enough to wish to share it^-what then ? And you think you on your side are surrendering nothing ? Ah, but you are, ' she went on — aud so musical was her voice and so winning her air and expression and the vary ing charm of her manner that he found it diffi cult to follow her argument, if there was an argument ; he was ready to agree to anything. 'But you are,' she said, 'you are giving up 'A man's a man for a' that.'' He was bound -to protest, but it was in no energetic way. 'Ob, yes,1' she insisted. 'You admitted that the. great Declaration of Swagger didn't apply to one-half of the human race ; then, if it does not apply to one half of tbe human race it cannot apply to the other. Do you see? Are you convinced;? For that's what they call logic,' She was as one gone daft ; and in this idle and good-humored fashion she rambled on, hardly waiting for any reply to her demure and inconsequent playfulness. Was it to put him at his ease— to reassure bun— to cause thiB association and sympathy she offered him as the basis of their relationship to appear a simple and natural thing? ^The situation was. altogether 6straordinaryj, ..yet «he seemed happy ana -well content; he bad not even put nU6and.wtthmher«^^ .are won!) to do. ;'.y.-:.'\ ?-;.??' ?-?.'?..'.-?;- ,-^'.:x ' Then into the heaven of his bliss leapt a lover's easily-excited alarms. He began to wonder whether she had divined his Btrong and deep And unconquerable love for her and recog nised its inevitable hopeleBsneBs and in some wild freak of compunction had offered herself to him in this unfettered way as a kind of atonement. He already knew that there was no limit to the impulsive and unselfish generosities of this brave lass. But if that were all the response she could make to the passionate yearnings of his soul what hope would there be for their married life? L'un qui aimo, et l'autrie qui Be laisse aimer ; it may be an admirable arrangement for a time perhaps even with an attractive touch of pathos about it, but how long is it likely to endure? No, there was no cuddling and fondling be tween these engaged lovers, even in 'this pro pitious solitude and silence. She was advanc ing ths proposition — and her eyes were per fectly grave— that in every meteorological office throughout the country there ought to be established a large salt water tank contain ing a live salmon ; for what more infallible prognosticator could there be of a change in the weather? But alas! the mere mention of the salmon recalled to her that old Fergus would now be at work on the opposite bank and that it behoved her to get away home before anyone else should question her. Her companion was for going that way also. 'It would hardly be discreet — would it?' she said. 'Old Fergus might wonder — mightn't he?' And so they walked back to the parting of their routes— his that was to take him straight into the town, hers that was to take her across the small bridges to the other side ; and at this point, and with a light and buoyant step, she left him. Was it the pale huntress, then, whom he had encountered iu these wood land wilds in tho mystic regions of the dawn? But not any one of the Greek goddesses, how ever chaste and fair aud radiant, had the mantling color of this Highland girl — no, nor her all-conquering eyes— nor her merry and derisive tongue — nor her swinging, boyish stride that was carrying her so rapidly away from him. Then the rowan-bushes and the willows and the alders hid her from his sight, and perhaps ho came back to his senses and perhaps he did not. As he walked away iuto the town lines aud phrases aud fragments from 'Maud' were singing themselves through his brain — 'Queen Maud in all her splendour' — 'O Maud were sure of Heaven if lowliness could save her' — and the like, and he was arguing with him self and trying to prove tD himself that there could be no possible likeness between scent and sound ; nevertheless when ho was summoning up again to himself the rich, soft notes of Wild Eelin's vcice — whether she was meekly assenting, or whether she was openly mocking at him, or whether she was lending him some of her own high courage in con-» tomplating the futare— these low and half hushed tones of hers somehow, and strangely seemed to recall to him the perfume of sweet brier just as the rain is ceasing and when the sunlight is coming again iuto the warm summer air. (To be continued.) 