CUAPTER LIV.-A HAUINTED MAN. Sfith Colonel Cody and Lieutenanit Seaford were deeply Impressed with ;what they had seen, and yet coild snot account for. 'ot for a moment did they believe in the supernatural, and yet it was unaccountable to them how. they had seen: two spectre-looking horsemen ride into the village, halt a:t the trees where hung the bodies of their slain com randes, and then five white-robed forms ride away like seeming phantoms. "It's more than I can grasp," muttered Cody to the lieutenant; and yet his sur prise did not prevent him fromn wishing 4o make the .renegade suffer for his crimes, and seeing this Lieutenant Sea ford chhnimed in with him. They had discovered that the renegade .rwoke with a nightmare every night, that he shouted out in h.s slep., and was frequently fighting off a spectre in his dreams. They were convinced that he had committed some heinous crime, and that there was a woman who had been the sufferer. Dut notw they discov eredl that lie was suffering great mental anguish when wide awake. His crimes, his wild life. and dwe-lling among the redskins had made him as su perstitious as the Indians ewho had mt.ade him a chief in their tribe. In spite of their feelings towardas the man; the scout and the officer were both compelled to pity him in the ar?.uish he suffered, wihen he cried out: "For the love Of Heaveir, gentleman, tell mre-if you beliere thiat spirits of the dead walk the earth?" "I bhave never believeil so, and, think now' there Is-an explanation' for what We sasi, if we could only get at it," Lieutenant Seaford s'aid,- compassion ately. "Biit you saw them, Colonel Cody?" "Oh, yes, 1 saw a siglt that I-cannot explain." "lWere you ever a haunted man?" "I am;:' and there was a world of meaning in the words and the manner In which they were spoken. As the two prisoners did not pursue, the matter further, the renegade chief rose, paced to and fro for awhile, and then throwing more logs on the fire, went over to his bunk in the other end of the cabin to retire. "If you hear me groaning in my Bleep, I beg you to awaken me," he said enr nestly; and they'both promised. They were impressed with the man ; for, iu spite of his Yace in altilts hideous W:Ii-paint, theysaw that it was a fine one, and his language and manners Indi 'cated tliathe had been a geitleman and reared in refinlmet.: You think it ws:Poirell;.then, playing off the ghost?" whispered Lieutenant Se:aford, as the two sat before the fire, and the steady breathing of the renegade showed that he'was :stele; >'`It Dlashed. upon. me` that It was K'Tltsave-'7rnoiin~hm to. do tome i ry reckless and clveri thIngs td:rescue a friendin tieed.'-, - - ?But you forget yotr :Ghlost of the Mountains?". '" Ah. yes;: 'had forgotten him. But then that'was the other range of moun= talth. which he haunted.', "True; but he proved your friend more than once. and may:be doing so again." " It may be; but there was a pair of them to-night." "Five,.as they rode away.' ',ut how do'you account for that most clever ct?" ." "I hardly know. It it .sts Frank Powell, he .has one of "my scouts aiding him, and it wies a desperately bold game for them to enter, this village ias they did." ,'And carny off the three bodies, too. -I gaiuot uinderstaind that jferform'nce, Cody," 'Nor carl I. lieutenant." "May not Powell lhve. met your friendly ghost and joined forces with him?" "Ah that may be. But. whoever It \was who was playing the ghost must have been :iware that our three com r:des 'were killed to-day', they doubtless witnesshing the whole affair front the mountains." %"Yes; and if they can carry off the dead, the living may not be neglected." "That is just what I was thinking, and I fancy we had bettier be on the look-out for more ghostly visitors. If they only knew it, they would find noth ing to harm them here, for the renegade would die with fright and. the young bucks stand calmly und see them rescue tcs. . But now let us try and sleep, sir Ali there, Is the renegade chased ,by at ihol?Ie groisyrd full of gthosts from'the way he' howls." And Cody hastened over to; awaken the haun.ted man, who was suffering intold agony in his dreams. - (To be Continued.) 