THE NOVELIST. THE STRENGTH OF TWO. 13y ESME STUAIIT Author of "Kestrel of Greystone," "Muriel's Marriage," "A Mine of Wealth," &c.; CHAPTER XI.—CATTIE'S COMFORT. There s ihe big S'lvor," said Cattie, running up to Joy, who was kneeling on the hearthrug. "Wants to speak to you. Shall I let 'iin in or not, Miss Joy?" Mr. Lydeard overheard- Cattie's remark, for she never, metaphorically speaking, put her person or her voice under a bushel. "Of course, girl, ask him to oome inl What do you mean by letting a gentleman stand in the passage?" "'Tain't 'urt him standing on his-legs,' said Cattie, only looking at Joy. "Vv ant's the Almighty give him legs for if he ain't to use 'em? Is he to come in, Miss Joy?" But by this time Mr. L~<ieard had liim self hastened out to bring in Sir Ivor, and Cattie, shaking her shock of red hair, which hair looked like a mop put out to dry, tramped back to the kitchen, but not before Joy bad whispered to her— "My father wantd to see Sir Ivor, Cattie. lie must come in." Sir Ivor's first glance fell on Joy. She was still kneeling by the fire picking up some loose wood with the tongs. He only caught sight of her profile, and of the graceful figure in its simple dress, and for some mysterious reason he felt that he had nothing to say. This new feeling, which he had never experienced before, made him angry with himself, and, indeed, with Mr. Lydeard as well. With a great effort, he tried to shake^.off this unusual sensation by saying, cheerfully— .. "Good evening, Miss Lydeard. You have soon settled into your hew home." Joy rose and sat down without looking at him. She could not forget his tone and bis words when she had met him on her way to the Moat House, nor could she forgive his gambling with her father. Jf she had been able she would have forbidden him to enter the Flatts. "Mrs. Leekey has sent us a servant. That has helped me," said Joy, coldly. Sir Ivor laughed. "She ought to be called Rufina, and she's dangerous, I shouid say." Mr, Lydeard joined in his laugh; but Joy did not answer, and Mr. Lydeard has tened to remark— 'You are right, Joy has made it look quite comfortable; she is equal to any oc casion, aren't you, Joy? I don't think the ghost will trouble us much, 8ir Ivor." Mr. Lydeard could not look <Sir Ivor in the face; but Joy for a moment forgot her displeasure, and glanced at the young man. How handsome he was, and now he looked almost kind, thought Joy; hut suddenly their eyes met, and Joy's anger returned. There was no mistaking the ga/.e of admi ration which he bestowed upon her, and Joy had received too often and too much of this undesired admiration to mistake it. "If tlisnrc was a real apparition in the house," she said, coldly, "I would much prefer it to the visits of those who thrust themselves upon us." Mr, Lydeard was evidently nervous as to Joy's remarks, and how Kir Ivor would take them. "You can't expect a man to forego his rights," said Kir Ivor suddenly; and her fat.l ir>r lint, in : — "Of course not—of course not, Sir Ivor. Don't mind anything that Joy savs. She never was like other girls. Why, at Monte Carlo some of the greatest people there wished to call on us; but Joy preferred shutting herself up like a real recluse, so I thought that this wild plaee would suit, her to per fect ion." ""80 it will," said Sir Ivor quickly. "It's wild enough in all conscience; hut it suits the natives. Last night I went to the Cop ing Gully; it isn't, more than a mile from here as the crow flies, but it's strop, and hoggv, too, in places. The Gaping Gully is weird enough for any one. People about here believe that whoever throws a stone into the very midst of the water as it. fails over the edge, and calls aloud what he wishes for, gets it." "Did you try the eh arm?" asked Mr. Lydenrd, to fill up an awkward pause. . "Yes, but that sly dwarf of mine had followed me and broke efjc spell. It was a pity that I could not hurl him over instead of the white stone," he added, laughing, "for he and I are not very good friends, though he pretends to be attached to the family; but there's no,tiring white about •him. St. Oocirge and the Dragon! if any one was to fall into < no of our 'pots,' as the poor people call them, they would never reappear again in our lifetime, h'ifty years hence their bodies might he found in some of our underground caves though. You must go and see the Clayton (laves. Miss Lydeard. Y011 would swear that the greatest ai'lntect had been at work there; hut it's all the action of water, they say. Them are caves in our own rock hills close by which are yet undiscovered. When T was a hoy 1 used, to wander far and wide, and explore places which J have, never re turned to. It's a. wonder that I never broke my neck." As ho spoke he looked all the. time to wards Joy. who si ill took no notice of him, but gazed into the fire. "•Toy will he wandering about soon. 81m loves the .country and lonely rambles. Quite a country lass— oh, Joy?" "Yes, J prefer the country." said Joy, coldly. 1 hate the towns we have been accustomed to go to." "Perhaps you'll let me show yon some of our natural wonders; it's not. safe for a woman to go alone," said Sir Ivor, wore j riering what he could say to make her turn round again and look at Dim. His soft ened manner did surprise, her; but Joy was not to be caught by the snare of kind ness. 81m knew it too well. "I prefer exploring by myself," she said, quickly, and then, rising, she walked out of the room, merely remarking to her father. "I'm going to see after dinner, father; I can't trust Cattle yet." It seemed to Ivor when Joy had left the room that the firelight became dim, and that the darkness .^without, came suddenly info the room. "You haven't said anything to her," he burst out when the two men were left alone. "You haven't, even told her that J am the owner of this house, and that I'm only letting you have it cheap on one condition." . "ilcally, Sir Ivor, you are very impatient.. You are young, and you Hi looks at nothing calmly. Do you think that, -lov . would have r-omc here quietly if she had guessed the truth. Don't you see how diliicult she is to manage? It's hard on me, you might consider that. Put. I know how to manage her. Siie is a good daughter, I'll say that for her--a gorwl daughter. I got her here on the. idea thai J wanted a srtti-rl home—and it isn't laid, eh?" "It's not fair on mc," said Sir Ivor. " You don't think that, she will make any real ohjoclion, do you?" ' doy will obey me, never fear only leave-it to me, and don't spoil everything by your impatience.". "She's not thinking of that Count jrou talk about so often, is she?" said Sir Iv'or, rising from his chair, whilst his blue eyes flashed defiance. "1 won't have a rival of that sort," Mr. Lydeard laughed pleasantly, "Bless my soul! Joy wouldn't look at the Count. Ofcourse, I might have made her; but you sec I don't much fancy a foreigner myself. You never know where yoti can take them; They're as slippery as eels.. Don't be afraid, Sir Ivor. It isu t every day that a girl gets a chance of marrying a baronet With plenty of money in his pocket and land enough for two squires. Unfortunately, you see that, owing to Aunt Deborah's meanness, I'm left in difficulties, just when I ought to be living amongst those of my own station, and Joy ought to Ire riding in her own car riage. It'B very hard on us. But if Joy Elays her cards well, Aunt Deb will leave er her money—I'm sure of that." "I've got enough money for her," said Ivor hastily; "don't want old Deb s coin. I say, Mr. Lydenrd, why does she fight so shy of me? What have I done to her?" "Nothing, nothing. Joy is like all g;irls, coy and fickle. The whole race suffers from those two sins, Sir Ivor. I wonder you need me to tell you that." "I've never cared for any girl," said Ivor," thoughtfully. "I thought I never should marry; or, if I did, it would be as father did—pick the girl out and have done with it. But my mother wasn't like your girl/' "Joy is very strnfife. She's got queer Situ notions; but they'll wear away. She thinks a man must possess ail the virtues under the sun to be good enough for her to look at. Eh! she is an idealist. Pack of non sense." "She won't find that sort of man here," said Sir Ivor. He looked so quiet now that Mr. Lydeard ventured to talk on. "Yes, then you saw that she can't bear me to play a little. What's life without cards? Eh, Sir Ivor?" "Is that her idea? Whatever does she trouble her head about such things for? Jf a woman is allowed her own way, what else does she want in a husband?" Ivor was learning many new ideas, and they sadly puzzled him. "That's what I say. And Joy will soon find she can't hold those ideas for long." Sir Ivor Jooked round at the chair Joy had occupied. Would she come back? He despised Mr. Lydeard as much as he ad mired Joy; but then it was only through Mr. Lydeard that lie could get Joy. A bright idea struck him. He would try and bribe the girl Cattie to let him catch Joy alone. Nichols said that he shouldn't be able to marry Joy, and he wanted to prove to the'dwarf that he was wrong. "Suppose you come up to-morrow even ing," said Sir Jvor; "there's the Colonel coming too." Mr. Lydeard's face brightened up. "Well, perhaps I will, but no high stakes mind; I can't afford it. That hun dred pounds went to pay a pressing debt." "Will she mind?" asked Sir Ivor, sud denly remembering that Joy's father had said that his daughter objected to gamb ling; besides, he himself remembered her face as she stood by to see her own destiny disposed of without guessing it. "Joy must learn to let me go ray own way," said Mr. Lydeard, crossly. Don't lot a woman conquer you, Sir Ivor; it's fatal if the women once think they can manage us." Sir Ivor went 011, half to himself— '"My father taught me to play. lie railed fellows milksops who refused; but when J was a little chap my mother burnt a pack of cards which my grandmother had given me. 1 remember how lustily I howled when I saw them burning, but for years no one could make sue touch them." '■'Then afterwards you found out your foolishness," said Mr. Lydeard, not look ing at .Sir Ivor. ''Oh, I don't know. I wanted to he a man, and father twitted me with I icing a coward. St. Oeorge! he couldn't say that twice; but I say. if she doesn't like it, she'll be angry with me." "Take no nol ice if she is. Why, a girl likes to sulk a. little." "Well, good evening. _ 1 suppose she won't come back again." Mr. Lydeard was on the point of saying, 'Til call her," but thought better of it. Joy would not, come unless slip, chose, and he doubted if she would choose. "Well, then, to-morrow," he said, "We shall soon feel at home here. I am de lighted with the "place." "Look here, Mr. Lydeard, I don't want her to feel at home here! Normandykc is more fit for her. I'm going to see about get.ing a woman to give a hand, but Old Nick is cross-grained. Of course, f don't know what's fit for ladies as much as T ought to. We had 'no company in my father's time after my grandmother died." .Sir Ivor spoke somewhat sadly , and meditatively. When Sir Ivor was gone Mr. Lydeard sat over the fire and thought deeply. "I believe t/ie fellow's downright in love with Joy—moonstruck at first sight. It's queer too. 8he never makes eyes at the men, and never takes any notice of them, and they all buzz round her like bees over a honey-jar. 'I'hey don't see that, .she'd be their master if they did win thali prize. No, Joy can't be allowed a choice any longer; it's pure nonsense." Jlut, nevertheless, -ne old man was not so well satisfied when he meditated over the means which could be employed to persuade Joy to marry .Sir Ivor. "I must put it on filial affection. -Toy has a great idea of her duty and it's right she should. j\ woman's no good if she Lasn'li the wish to make her men- folk comfort able." That evening -Ioy looked, happier than she bad done for years, because she now j had a real home; moreover she had found 1 that Cat tie had a great- will of her own, I but that will had decided that Miss Joy j was to do no dirty work. The red-haired | girl had fallen in love with this beautiful j mistress who gave horsed no airs. The next clay Mr. Lydeard werib out after lea, saying to Joy that. he. bad liusi* ness with his landlord, and Joy was not to expect him early. 80 when the tea was cleared away she retired to the kitchen to help Cattle. "Von go and sit in t»!ie parlour Miss Joy and leave me to see after tilings. It's just, a pleasure to run round for you. | jffe'd" (Cat tie nodded her head towards I the parlour intimating Mr. Lydeard, I though he whs not thee) " 'he'd sec you ! bill to pieces before 1 ising from bis chair • - that's my belief." " i "Cat'.ie, you must show more respect to ; iny father,'' said Joy. : '"LV.-pect ain't put on, "Miss Joy, like 1 an old hal that's plumped flown nohow ; all in a minnto1 011 one's 'cad. I don't : respect the: men, and it's not surprising : neither." "Why, theic are many, many good men ! -oil, J am sure, of that, and whan you ; know one, then you'll know wligt a Lod like being you have foiw.d." i do\ spoke to herself more than to ( a i lie. "One day I went to a cliapel, „Miss Joy, and the minister preached grand ana dung his arms about like a windmill in a high Wind. He told the men they had come from monkeys, but that they was a Sood way up on the scale, he said. Lor', lies Joy, 1 nearly laughed, for I knew a sight of men as like monkeys as any thing. Then when he'd given 'em that slap he put 'em up a bit. Monkeys were made before men, said he, but all that come after the monkeys got better and betterer till \ jioble man pop up, 'the crown of creation,' he called 'em. ■ t thought to myself,.Miss Jov a very poor " ' ' Tin * sort of crown some of 'em is! Then lie went on to give a loll of slaps to the women and no pat at all. Now, I didn't like to hear that, toeing he couldn't know much about 'em if he belittled 'em right aloud to the men like that." "Some women, Cattie, are had," '"Twasn't summing he was doing but the whole lot. of 'cm, Miss Joy. sp I waits for 'im outside the chapel door till he come out, then 1 ppuhcea on 'im. 'You was wrong, sir, on your own showing. If man is better than a monkey, and you seem pretty sure of that, why woman is better than man, for the man was made of noth ing but dust of the earth, but Eve come after, and was made of man, as you think so much of. It was better stuff, sir, you must agree to that.' " "What did he say?" asked. Joy, laugh ing. "He just held his sides and shook with roaring. 'You have me there, my girl,' says he, and he laughed lit to split 'is sides, but I just, said, 'Don't you be for belittling us, sir, again, as is superior and only just below the angels.' 'I promise,' says he, and he goes off, but I'm not sure as he was convinced, Miss Joy." "1 don't suppose he was. It's better not to think about each other's duties, Cattie. One has to think of going straight on one's self. That's difficult enough," and Joy sighed. "There's a sort of fighting feeling inside of one, Sliss Joy, as is given one for use, I 'spose. J feel a sort of "scratch 'is eyes out' if the men go against me, that's what I feel, Miss Joy. Hut lor! there's the click o' the gate. You go to the parlour and look grand by that old fireplace." Joy walked to the pnriour to please the warm-hearted girl, for whom she already felt a liking. Perhaps it was Mrs. Leekey coming to see her? No, it was too late for her; she certainly wa's afraid of the ghost. Who could it be? And why did she feel so nervous, she who despised cow ardly women? . 