TO1NETY-T3XGHT. By Dr. Campion. In the old marble town of Kilkenny, With its abbeys, cathedrals, and halls, Where the Norman bell rings out at night-fall, And the relics of grey crumbling walls Show traces of Celt and of Saxon, In bastions and towns and keeps, And graveyards and tombs tell the living Where glory or holiness sleeps — Where the N.uncio brought the Pope's blessing, ; And money and weapons to boot, Whilst Owen was wild to be plucking The English clan up by the root — Where regicide Oliver revelled With his Puritan ironside horde, And cut down both marble and monarchy Grimly and grave with the sword. There in that old town of history, England in famed Ninety-Eight Was busy with gallows and yeomen Propounding the laws of the State. They were hanging a young lad — a rebel — On a gibbet before the old gaol, And they marked his weak spirit to falter, And his white face to quiver and quail ; And he spoke of his mother, whose dwelling Was but a short distance away — A poor, lone heart-broken widow, And he her sole solace and stay. ' Bring her here,' cried the chief of the yeomen. ' A lingering chance let us give To this spawn of a rebel to battle, And by her sage counsel to live.' From the town to the poor cabin door, And he found the old lone woman sitting And spinning upon the bare floor. ' . ' Your son is in trouble, old damsel ! They have him within in the town, And we wishes to see you, so bustle 1 And put on your tucker and gown.' The old woman stopped from the spinning, With a frown on her deep- wrinkled brow. ' I know how it is, cursed yeoman ! I'm ready ; I'll go with you nosv.' He seized her enraged by the shoulder, And lifting her up on his steed, Struck the spurs and they rode to the city, Right ahead and with clattering speed. They stopped at the foot of the gallows, And the mother confronted the son, And she hugged his young heart to her bosom And kissed his face pallid and wan. And as the rope dangled before her, She held the loop fast in her hand, For though her proud soul was unblenGhing Her frail limbs were failing to stand. And whilst the raw yeomen came crowding To witness the harrowing scene, The brave mother flushed to the forehead And spoke with the air of a queen. ' My son, they are going to hang you For loving your faith and your home, And they called me to urge you and save you, And in God's name I've answered and come. Th?y murdered your father before you, And I knelt on the red, reeking sod, And I watched his hot blood steaming upward To call down the vengeance of God. No traitor was he to his country, No blot did he leave on his name, And I always could pray at his cold grave, Oh, the priest could kneel there without shame,' 'To h — 1 with jour prieRts and your rebels,' The Captain cried out with a yell. Whilst from the tall tower in the temple Rang out the sweet Angelus bell. 'Blessed Mother,' appealed the poor widow, ' ' Look down on my child and on me.' 'Blessed Mother!' sneered out the vile yeomen, ' Tell your son to confess, and be free.' ' Never ! never ! he'll die like his father. My boy, give your life to the Lord ; But of treason to Ireland, Mavourneen, Never breathe one dishonouring word.' His white cheek flushed up at her speaking, His heart bounded up at her call, And his hushed spirit seemed at awaking, To scorn death, yoemen, and all. 'I'll die, and I'll be no informer — My kin I will never disgrace, And when God lets me see my poor father, I can lovingly look in his face.' ' You'll see him in hell !' cried the yeoman, As he flung the sad widow away ; And the youth in a moment was strangling In the broad eye of shuddering day. ' Give the gallows a passenger outside,' A tall Hessian spluttered aloud, . '. As he drove, a huge nail in the timber, 'Mid the curses and cries of the crowd. Th°n he seized the poor bereaved mother; i He passed his broad belt round her throat, 'Whilst her groaning was lost in the drum-beat, And her shrieks in the shrill bugle note. And mother and son were left choking, And struggling, and writhing in death, Whilst angels looked down on the murder, And devils were wrangling beneath. For this, cries the exile defiant, For this, cries the patriot brave, For this, cries the lonely survivor, O'er many a horror-marked grave ; For this, cry the priest and the peasant, . The student, the lover, the lost, * The stalwart, who pride in their vigour, , The frail, as they give up the ghost. For this we curse Saxon dominion, ^ And join in the world- wide cry, That wails up to heaven for vengeance, Thro' every blue gate of the sky. ? GALTEE MORE. 