ARCHIE'S TROUBIJE. You say London is a big place, J call it voiy little. I have found the wogjd to bo a Rule one end London it not quite equal to that. Pcrinfw when you bm roamed aboutilul two you may thiuk the tame, . Suppose, that on your 6ret visit to Yoke* bama or Itonedln, tbe firet man who fractal you as you walked into your bote), wm your old neighbour Jobosom who bed (be rid* neat to yours at borne, or when walking into the news room of (be " Mctropole "al Naples, you found that (be thin man at the reading stand beside you was your old college chum Robinson, wouldn't you think that tbe world tu not so very wide after all P Meetings of (he kind lake place daily. 1 am going to tall you of one of them, only tbia took place in London. One ot our largest country falters was et peel ed in town,so it was Strang**) thai I should meet bim. As he was an important man to as, it was decided that S should give a full day to him if \- necessity. So I went ovct early to the broker*' In Mark-Loo where he sras lo call, and learned thai it was uncertain when he would arrive «* he wss known (o have other business In the city and might transact it before coming (here. 1 found that there was nothing for cos but to wait stout uulil he arrived. At two o'clock he bad not ©ewe and his brokers thought that as it bad grown «o lata, he would probably not call until the following morning. So 1 decided to go to lunch and look la again after. Selecting one ot ths quietest of the Cafe* In tbc bans, I Went in and ordered sumo light refreshment. Tbe bouse was one of the newer claas, a libera)' oM of. plants aUd other decora* tire adjuncts, and a freedom from the heal and oJmirs of -tbr typical l,ottd<ia rmUurabt causing it to In* fre^urijU-cl by ladies. tacmjt a v«cant chair at a small table near tbc end of the room I took my seat lb era and wm wood nijoying a pleasant luticb. Making* survey uf tbc surroundings, J noticed Ibsl thro * of (he /our ladies who bad been tilling at the labia ncit to mine, bad risen, leaving an aiceedtngly pretty girl of aliout 18 as my ueatrsl iirigbtour lli-r side fare was toward me and there was such an easy grace abqut far thai she beat ine an object ol interest to me. Tbe trim outline ol her wi:lj-cut j-ckrt sud the iiwat. bat of brown beaver gave evidence of a f aulttaM taste in hsrmbny with the swrat-faco of lbs wuarrr. 1 had finished my lunch yet I sat still,enjoying J tbc delightful pn nvner ot tbc girl near me. A ' wailrras Approached her to receive paynu'iil for j the fcfrrsbtnout she had ordered. The girl's f hand slid quietly inlo l er pocket. 1 could sic 1 that she Was feeling lor lirrpurer, A look of ran •U'roaUon natnr over bur lace. Tbe purse was evidently not there. NImi fell again. Her look became our uf despair. She hit her lip and then wemed as if (eying to rroullcrt cornel bing. Turning bor fare, every liucsment of which fa tokened innocence, upon tbe waitress, she said in a clear though slightly tremulous voire. I4l have either lost my puree or come without it, I hare no money at all. Whatever aba))) do'/" Thowsitnus smiled dubiously. 41 It will be noewsaary to pay madam*. Ilavs you no tntuu y F •' she said. " None. ) am absolutely without* penny as tnf purse is gone. IVbatarer shall 1 do F " ths girl asked piUtmiMy, locking round. Her full faoo |ran now turned to me. Her embsrraasiiunt waapsinful to Mold. 1 was is cm tain that sbo was telling the truth as I W»a of my QKa rtiali'UC*. J 4 4 1\ bat is the amount F ** f whispered to the | sraitfiaa. 44 Only a shilling, air," was the answer. |! bamlcd tbe waitress a shilliutt, and tskmg out a caul t>tap)K*d across to tbe girl. 44 1 noticed your tliffauKy," 1 raid. 11 Your purse lies moat likely bran stolon. 4 have piht, and shall to very happy if jou allow the mailer to mt," 44 f cannot do that, sir,"ehesaid, colouring afrwb. 141 will thank you for the loan of (he mousy, but please tall mo where J oan return it to.4' %* It is not worth troubling about. 1 will, however, leave you my card with pleasure," 1 void, thinking lt»l I might hurt (he girl's leel fogs If ) refused to give her *u addreu to which (he money might be returned, 1 look out my pocket-book and handed lier my card and theu rose to go I e*w that the girl was struck by the uatna. A look of estouish* (went appeared on her faoe. Seeing that 1 was aliout to leave the cafe, she rose abruptly and stepped lightly after me. 44 Rsouac me, air,41 she said, timidly,41 but wili you tall me whether you have a friend in I «on» dou named Ctmithere—Aichie Camtlhers?*' 1 waa perplvjed, Outside of mv own family circle there was juvt one man in all Inrndon that I eared to regard as a 11ieud„ that man waa Archie Gamitbers of Chelsea, Rut how ou earth had this girl struck tbe name F 44 S certain)? have a friend of that nan)*,* J replied, looking straight into » |>air of witch* iug, hatcl eyes. 441 foil sure it must be you,*' she said, with returning confidence.' " Archie is always talk ing aboat you. He will l>e so delighted when he learns you have helped ro: out of this atupid difficulty." 44 Vray tefl me with whom I am ©or.vmmg/' 1 ssid, my curiosity now being aroused. 44 My name fa Gladys Mativille," she replied in tones of silvery lightness her embarrassment having all passedaway. She was Artbie'ajfanrk. Tbiswas tbogirl he had so often enthused over to me, and to whom be had promised mean early introduction. 44 Luek)> dog I4' I tbuugbt, as her coaiitaiisnoe ws* mumvntarUy lit up with a smile of delicious Bweetuert. . ; '* I am truly happy, Miss YUnville, over tbe good fortune which has enable!) me to meet you, mod do yon a small service,44 I said, agree ably, 44 Archie will be very grateful in you, u 1 am,*4 she replit d, extending her hand.- "lam afraid, though,** she continued, 441 shall have to make another claim upon your kinduees. X have come Into town to see Archie, and as 1 have not my purse, 1 really have not whit will \- carry me to < hsteea. if yoj.will kind<y (end me sufficient to pay for a < ticket to VJoane* ^ square, 1 shall be so much obliged to ybu. 1 will ask Archie to retain it to you. Perhaps you dou't know that he is iU,* she added, a.lcok of a nnety taking tbe place of the smile which* had beamed upon me a moment before. X confessed my Ignorance and asked her for particulate of my friend's ailment. Itffasbed across my mind that it was nearly a mooth since I had seen him, a quite unheard of period to pas without a vieit from him. Miss MaovilJe seemed to regret bating made jdhtfiioa to Archie's indisposition. To my question mod others which followed, she gave replies which orqre couf nsed and seemed evasive. Ooe remark, however; which she lot drop, fired my curiosity and caused mc to determine to accompany ber to Chelsea if 1 could arrange . it Her remark conveyed that Archie had worried himself ill over his 44 txouUe *t the office." As I knew that he was cashier to a city * firm of high standing, toe remark made me fdj voeuv. It had* significance she never dreamt ot. Miss Mauvi'le swueJ overjoyed when I nog gratad accompan • uig fcra to Christ *.' XftpXatn* hg-ihat I crold'didy doao if tbe ysrtyl wished to see wrre t,»+ hkely to arrive, 1 pereuailed to to w>lk with mo to *he brokers' that X mijdit _ asr«rtvc. On areViog there attiegria^ Wai 'X banded to me. (1 advised that Mr. Cuthbert COQ, our carom*?, tad bran unable to get U town, bat'that be would beet Mart-tin© by eleven on the following morning* At 1 read tbe telegram and realised tbat I was fiw for the day; laepmed to tee something mora than obaocc InOatbbcrtMUiU nun-arrival viewed *1n conjumitoo «ito the wayjnwhich tbe newt of Archie's trouble bad reached me. I saw it to be my dear duty to go to Cbelsoa without delay. Telephoning to Cenbqn-etmet that CtoUiberUon bad sot come, and tbat 1 should probably not return to the office that night, ai! bad'been uueipedcdly summoned j J to visit a friend who #11 ill, 1 accompanied Miss Msntille to the station end booked for | * ftioene-squara. • At top minutes to four we were ushered into Archie's prcsraoe io tbe sitting room of hi* bouse in Manor-street, Chelsea, j! Though we had been announced, 1 thought Afcbio would bare fainted when be caw me walk into fata room with Miaa Menville, learned tbat she bad been quite unrrpectedtsnd as for myttlf, Atchla would as soon bare ex peeled tiio Caarof ftussfa fo break io upon bira as me. With * aby and uneasy air be rose to offer me bis band. _ _ _ > J ' In a few words i nplaiued bow I badbe come acquainted with Miaa MsuvjUe, and found myself under tbe double obligation of accom*. panylng her on her journey across ibo cily. she '1 being bit frirod and alone under ralbc-r awk ward circumstances, and of paying him a virft io aaccrtain bow be waa. Archie smiled as 1 finished my narrative and , thanked me proruicly for wbst I bad done. I J *' As you bare been so good as to come to see ' what is Uie mailer with me, I'll tell you tbe whole slorj," be asldt settling back In an may attitude, though bla look still betokened a troubled mind. •*-. The story be told me was this. Three weeks before, to Ihal very afternoon, be bad made op at tbe office, as was bis custom, bis firm's amount of cash and paper for payment into tbe firm's accouut at the bank. The sum wi* £070, among which were two notes of.£100 eacb. lbs <uitom waa for Archie, as cashier, to count the ossb and check off all paper, to place the whole in the cash big which be then locked and for tbe assistant cashier to proceed with ihe bag and kef to the bank and pty the amount in. On that particular fcfteriioqo, when the easb was taken from the bag at the bank, tbe two hundred-pound notes were missiug, George Chiswsll, tbe assistant cashier, immediately notified tbe lost to the bank and hastened bade to the office io inform Archie of it. . Archie wsa dumbfoundad. Almost tbe last thing be bsd done before Cbissvell left for tbe bank was to cbook off the notes with some oThers and suuie bills. Though he had implicit oonfidtnee in Oblswell, tbe fset remained tbat he bad Uki'U the hqg to the bank sod bad bad posses sion of tbe kiy to it. To add to their con fusion aglip of ptper wbirb bad borne tbe num ber of tbe aliasing notra had also disappeared so that (here were no. means of stopping them. Archie wis confident that he hid been the vic tim ef a wrl) laid plot ; tbe question wis, who wss tbe thief. Hp was satisfied Ibftt Phiswell bad not consciously been a party to it, but thia conviction only deepened the mystery surround iug the mstter. * The principals of the firm bad been Immedi ately apprised of tbe diseppearsnos of tbe notes and they bad caused the officials of Scot- 1 J land Yard to be Informed without toss of time. Tbe caao had bet a put into tbe hands of two of tbe most ciperienced detectives, but up to that time no (due io tbe notes bed beso obtained. From tbe Tacta tbat they had disappeared from bis own department, and that until the matter were chared up, suspicion weald naturally At tach to Cbiswell,Arnhlp had made himref ill by worrying otor the robbery. He had now been at home for four days, and it was easy to see . the low state into which he had worked himself. |: ** What is your theory of the affair P" I asked whru be had finished his story. 44 That some one io tbe office took the notes* 1 feel oouftdcul qf it, though 1 have not a ves tige or proof," he answeted, bis eyra flashing excitedly. 44 Oo you suqiccL anyone P" 1 asked again, " Well, you kuow, it u a very dolioalo and serious milter," be answered, deliberately, 41 It is." I pursued, •' all the more drsirablo tbat any reasonable suspicion should bo followed np. Have you no autpioion of any one f" 441 have a vagueaud lurking, association of * certain party wilb tbe affair,1! said Archie, rising aud pacing the room uneasily, " I can't dismiss him from my mind. Night and day his face obtrudr* iltolf, and yet I havenVlbe ghost or a sbred of evidence to connect him with it." 44 Who is he P" I. queried, my interest now | j being awakened, . 44 A clerk in a gbod position, Yon wobld tike him to be a principal by his manner.' He's an awful lot of * aido' about htm; dresses immacu lately and talka glibly about city affairs ; just tbe kind or man you'd expect to fiod dabbling iu stocks." 44 Can he have taken tbe paper * j I "That's just the point. vAssum!ng tbat he meant to take it, he might have done. He is one of the olerks whoee bostoest it is to confer with kne about charges and particulars In atete menta ef aeoount. This brings him-pretty fit qnetitiy into Ihe essb-offics. He bsd been iu it that afternoon,hut IVe not been able to connect mhy visit of his with the time of tho disappear ance of the notes, nor has Chltwell. In fact, I would dismiss him from memory onlyl can't." . Atcbie could tell me nothing snore about the matter. It h^ piaffe bun ill. Learning of his illncsa, Miss Manville, his Jbrnrce, had como from'Forest Uate-to wee him. She bad first goue into the city and bad called at the restaurant In Mark - lane for lunch. Archie pressed me to stay to te*, but I declined, Tbero was still time to get beck to Cannon street before the- tffice cUeed, so I bado HiSs Manyillosud hlro44Good afternoon,'"prolfcisrag to run out 4o Chelsea again in a day or two, As 1 travelled to tbe city, I fouud my mind runuing most provokingly npoo Archie's mis hap I had a strange and -vaguu pretdonition that in some unlooked for manner 1 should help hiin to dear up tbe mystery* I could not dis miss the thing from my mind. Most of the staff bad gone when I res died 1 ] our house in Cannou-atrcct, as it wwtben beU« partfive. *As t entered, our cashier, Fied Thorohil', was leaving. It was past his usual | ^ • time as he bad remained to make up some mail | accounts. ' 1 made a practice obinforming Thorobill of aoyiutvresting cssQBnf oiauiputitioD of cash or bills which came to my knowledge, as • simple matter of .precaution. Mr. Thorobill," lasid,- 441 have just been hearing a story that will interest you." „ 44 Oh!" he Replied, smiling, 44 Is it some thing very good Just come tick for five minutes and 111 tell you ell about it while it Is fresh in mjr mind," 1 said, leading the way to my private Office. * Qe sat down atatTl^repeatcd Iheetory about the loss of Archie's kwo bundrri-pmmd ootca. ThorohUl listi nod with rapt atteution. . "Wrtl, teally, Mr. CteiWhe esld, eagerly wheal hadVyouiecsUerircoiDBtonw that certainly bad paaed from my. miod, though at the time it seemed ao Unusual that I noted it... .About & fortnight ago a cheque csme iu for £200. It was the .unusual amount, f^Hfin «me even sum, that took my attention," no I looked at the cheque. - It had passed through two bands - before it oune to me, and I eawtbkt the' first liidor»«neot was hy Crake and DerwenV the stockbroktrs.' I concluded Lt jtbatit had been paid tofheni on aceount of wome atortc-druling transaction, -t remMabw t- j wondoing whether it was aome Joggtns they had got hold of who had perhaps ^ realised | fall tarings and banded then over to be mode ' dorks and drakes of." "What wis the drawer's name t■ Ltrifed,J **! can look It op If His of aoy moment.** ealdThorabiH. ■ •'! jotted it down atlbc tliei" " Do oo, please ; the moroibg irlh * with a feeling of quickened interest , mailer. • \ - \ - '■^ *Ibide TborofaUl ^Good bight," andbe d*» parted, twr botne. ^ I had ootiocd that 'Aroblejtadiooily^fe trained from mentioning tbe Jurae of the party be suspected, I now wished Ifrri pressed blm for it. tomethlog whispered tomeifaatJ must obUin it. Bo I eat down end wrote to Archie begging blm to tend at tbe name of tbe person he impeded, by return of post. Then I went home. AJI tbe evening, and for the greater part of the night, Archie's cave occupied tny mind, ft teemed to hare become my own individual affair end that I was bound to solve the mystery for my own credit's take. "Tbia ia the name of tbe drawer of that cheque, Mr. Charles,*' eaid Tbornhilt, as f walked tola tbe cash department tbe next morning, ^ Ha handed me a slip of paper with tbe words " Lawrence Brand, September 26," written In ink uponH, .... v i I bad not then opened my letters, ' Going to tbe private office! found them arranged upon my desk. Locking quickly through them, I 5 noticed hoe with tbe Chelsea post-mark, I knew ttaat was from Arable Carrutbers. Eagerly opening the envelope 1 took out tbe eu< closure and read \- Bear Charlie,—Tbe name of tbe pert; 1 alluded to fa Lawrence Biand., Futgood* mW aakevtoted »bat you do with tbe in* j formation,-—Your* sincerely, A. <jy 1 did mind, Within bilf-to-bbur the detec tive# who had tbe ctso in band wen apprised of the facte that whereas, on (September glib, two onc-hundre J'pound notes were stolen from tbe office of Messrs. Cantyre, Crewdson, and Co., on Beptembor 26th, a cheque for two bun* dred pounds waa drawn upon a certain bank by one Lawrence Brand, a clerk in the employ mrnlof Messrs, Cantyro, Crewdson, and Co., y in favour of a well-known firm of stockbrokers. Before mid-day jt bad been ascertained that on Heptcnibi-r 25th two hundred- pound outes had been paid to the private aeoount of" Law rence Brand at tbe bank upon which tbe cbeqno was drawn. Yet even then there waa no direct evidence that Brand bad stolen the ootra. 1 j bad no doubt oi It, and tbe detectives bad none, and when (he circumstance* which bad eooio to our knowledge wore laid before Messrs'. Can- y tyre and Crewdson, they. too, were j satisfied that Brand - was tbe » culprit, lire two principals accordingly summoned Mr, Brand to their private offioo. Bidding biro ait down, Mr, Crewdion calmly Informed him that on September 24th Uietwo notes of one hundred j pounds «ach were stolen from Mr, darrothinr desk or cash bag ; that on the following day, be, Mr. I.awrrnce Brand, had paid the said j two notes into a private account in a certain j bank, and that on the next day be bad drawn a chequf for the tame erfaourit on aocountof cer tain Mock-dealing transactions. ^We want to know why you atolo those notes, and what you have to say for yourcrlf P" concluded Mr, Crewdson, fixing a scarebing look upon Mr, Lawrence Brand, ■ - The culprit was so utterly taken by rrarpriio thai he could make no intelligible reply. ^ CliSigrd with the tbefi in tbe face of the known faota, be could onty Imagine the case complete ■galnat him, He fell down upon fail knees at Mr. CrrwdrouYfeet whining for mercy, n Archie Carruthen is now married. He and bia wife ere my two beat friends outside of my own family circle. 1 never meet Archie without blm referring in some way to what be calls my *' miraculous introduction to Gladys." I can't persuade him (bat there was notblng uhusuil about it: that this world is a very liitlecno, and that such ere&te; come about quite in the regular order of tilings. 