Correspondence. The Theatre and its Influence. TO THE EDITOR. Site,—Your interesting article of last week's issue oil the above Subject teffords xnUch food for thought. I have always been deeply interested in Mr. Clement Scott, who is a typical English convert, and whose, dramatic criticisms have always been above suspicion. His noble tribute to Catholicism, and its effect upon the lives of actors and actresses will add to the esteem in which he is held by his co-re ligionists. fffr. SCott's opinion on the fin de siecle plays is Worth preserving. Speaking Of plays like the " Second Mrs Tanqueray," the gifted critic says * My contention its, that the play yOU witness on the stage after dinner should never exceed the limits of decency .you allow at dinner. But the idea of the problem-play pOdple appears to bo that the theatre is a place wh&ife; any hasty subject can be diSchssed Without fear or shame. Take that infamous play of Ibsen's—'GhOsts'— what is a young girl to think of that ? . . Ibsen failk because he is, I suppose, an atheist, ahd hks not realised what the great backbone of religion m$&ns; to the English r»6e. He fails because his plays are nasfcjkdirty, impure, clever if you like, but four th the last degree, and bealthy mfhded English people don't like to stand atfd Sfflff eykr tehtesh-pft.'' ■Cff playS like "TheWr^h oT the CrOiB " Mr. Scott says, ".they are godd in their way, and very well meant, but I cannot say I thine they have much of a future, nor do i think for CUe mOmSfit that it would be de sirahletbktthoy fehohld have. Where ate ydu to atop? Look at FrhtecOis Coppefe'S •Lb Pater'— where a woman says the Lord's Prayer on the stage. That will distress many people. Tou cannot enlist the dthgb oh thb aiae of religion, try as you may. "The play with-a good moral (continued Mr. Spott) has always been with us, tend often does great good.. Ton know (hecon tiiftied, With 'k Iteugh) ' The Ticket-of-Leave Mhh ' is khifl to htevh Cohrferted hundreds of thieves from 'the error of their whys. And> mind you, I do feel this, as every Sen> sipie person must acknowledge, the stage, with cfire Unci caution, could be a great tehdher. Where better than in a thought ful plky could we 16'kto the lesSbn of loyalty. in then tehd chivalry towards women P " I am. Sir, &o.;, THEATBEGtfEB. Fav.obite Hostelry. — Mr. Owen 3. O'Neill in another column notifies his old friends and customers that he is now firmly edrcbtisheii in that well-known resort of yihitOffe feoiii the agricultural and pastoral districts,- the- Bank's Head Hotel, North TerraCe (opposite sheep-market.) First class accommodation is provided at very Head HOtel yhryeohvehient. The hostelry is within thrfee minutes' walk of the rail way station. .An . Invaluable Medicine.—There is no known remedy as yet introduced to the public that has given such universal satis faction; as , that Of Bickford and Son's Cough Elimt. Thousands of sufferers throughout the ^colony testify to "the merits,^pf thuHlirir, andho;other remedy ing ^to dirafioha. ' A sm^e^ .bottle is sufficient to cure the most obstinate case. \- ^ -",v 