The Haunted House. A GHOST'S REVOLVER. The interest manifested in the haunted house in the neighborhood of Euston seems still to be increasing, judging by the numbers of letters received from per- sons anxious to sleep in the discarded domicile. A representative of Lloyd's Weekly has interviewed the Scotch M.P., who passed a night in the house, when his Irish man-servant's bull dog was shot dead by the fantastically at- tired conjuror, whom the M.P. subse- quently met at a house party in Bel- gravia, and who expeditiously dis- appeared from the party upon being identified by his fellow occupant of that dreadful night. The M.P., however, though willing to supply a few addi- tional particulars, protested strongly against the notoriety that would result from his name being disclosed, to say nothing of the reproduction of his photo- graph. He shuddered to think of it, and his scruples had to be respected. Simi- larly the landlord is most unwilling to have the locality of the house more precisely indicated. "Your story was right," said the M.P., adding that his exploit had been, until its publica- tion, the secret of his constituency committee, one or other of whom, he fancied, must have found the story of his member's adventure quite too good to keep. "Oh no," he said, "I should not care to encounter another such a night ; but having volunteered my services, I determined to fulfil the contract to the letter. I was to remain till daylight, and never was more glad to see the darkness give place to the morning. It was the fondest night I ever spent." He pro- ceeded to tell how, about 3 in the morning, he heard footsteps descending the staircase, which made his flesh very palpably creep. Going to the foot of the stairs, he saw the face of a man making hideous grimaces over the balusters. That was after the dog had been shot, and he deemed it prudent not to give chase, as all he bargained to do was to pass the night in the house. The most terrible experience was the choking sen- sation, caused by the imperceptible fumes which descended into the room, keeping him sitting by the open window all the night. "Had the conjuror entered the room and presented a pistol at my head, I suppose I should have jumped out upon the awn," said the valiant people's representative: "and there might have been a bye-election in —-—. But I must not name my constituency, though I had almost done so just now." And he laughed at nearly walk- ing into the trap. The noises became as loud as theatre thunder at intervals, then they would change to wild laughter and piteous wailings. Asked what he did upon quitting the house, he said he locked the door behind him, intending to hurry back with a police- man or two. While walking from the door, a bedroom window was raised, and his tormentor laughed mockingly, but did not show his face. Some time elapsed before a constable was hailed, and he in- sisted upon a mate accompanying him, which took more time. The result was that they found no one in the house but the dead dog, which, he supposed, Mike reverently buried. "He was," continued the M.P., "waiting at the gate when I came out. I thought he was much more concerned about the fate of his dog than what might have happened to me. How- ever, the landlord and I between us pur- chased him another its very match. Mike is still looking after my chattels this session as in former years. That was the only occasion on which I ever found him unfaithful, but in the peculiar circumstances, it was easy to excuse him. I had placed him under an ex- press injunction never to speak of that night, and I know it was not from him Lloyds came into possession of the story." 