[?] CHAPTER V. t(ff rabbit-trap if yon aro not w looking out for it, momma,' ; answers the glib Sara. '' Poter is gone with tho " tele gram, and the parcel will be down tins evening, i nope,. May, I havo been rather extravagant; I have ordered yon a white. Bilk 06 a bcBt 'dihbcr dross. . . / , lYou need 'nit, have done that,', replies May, nevertheless r beam ing with pleasure. ' 1 have two presentable dresses.' " ; ' Yes, but you always look your best in whfto.' " ' Will everything be made at homo ?' asks Sara, ruefully. . ' Of course— country dressma kers only i-uin the stuff, and wo cail't off oid town. I liavo two or three dresses in my head that I brought away from Lord Posse's Jast week.' : Sara goes off into a fit of irre pressible laughter. , ' Sara,- I wish you would ubt laugh in that loud way; it is really most unladylike.' . : £ /'Ican't kelp it.' gasps Sara; 'tho idea of carrying other peo- jple's wardrobes in one's head —Noca seem. so funny I . Wore they very fussy dresses ?' ' Moro so than you like,' May answers ; ' heaps of puffings one of them had- I know ' ' Wo must got what wo chri. dope before you start,' observes -Mrs. By ng, settling herself before the sewing-machine ; ' the rest | Sara aud I must finish and send | after vou.' 'How jolly for me!' remarks . Spia dolefully to -May, under cover of tljo click, click of tbo machine. I Hero Bhall noor dear I. ..bo, like the "Song of the Shirt"— , - 'Stitcli— stituli— slifoli— In poverty, hunger, nnd (lilt whilst you aro (hmoing over in Loudon, till tho gunpowder . runs out of tho heels of your boots.'. 1 1 am afraid it's rather hard lines for yon,' observes May in a low tone. .. ' WcR| pray don't grow melan choly over it ; besides J am so ——timed to hard lines, I realty don't mind them much. I dare say I shall get on very well without you.' At this juncture May's services aro required at the machine, so Sara is left to meditate on hor coming loneliness. /' Very quickly the week wears; away— -wilh a vast amount of fih- ger-pricking nnd grumbling on tho part of Sara ; a vast amount qf work, accompanied by busy silent day-dreams, on tho part of Mrs. Byng ; and a vast' number of. rickety air-castles built by May, ns her needle flies swiftly through tho airy fabrics, that 6ccm to her dreamy mind the corner-stones of hor archi;ecturul structures. 'Oh, May — i I'ou really aro so bw oei i exoiaims onrn one evening us Maj, in tho last trying-on -pf&oess; of a cloudy pink ball- dress, stands a statue of smiling '.Patience,' for inspection. . . 'A shade too long for dancing, May,' says Mrs. Byng, scanning the, graceful figure with motherly pridb. 'That can soon bo altered,' answers May cheerfully.. 1 ' I suppose you look like a picture,' observes Sara tbought- fqlly., 'I only say so because it is a nice figure of speech to use, when anybody looks, well; for my own part, I think our pater- ' nal ancestors must have been an ugly set, or painters libelled them.' ' Yes, piuic suits yon, May dear; yon must wear that dress any evening you wish to look particularly nice,', says Mrs. Byng, with a sniilo that is not all gladness. ' ; 1 ' I won't forgot, mother,' re sponds May, kissing her; softly on tho forehead. 1 ' Oh, May, May— it is hard to love you oven for a time !' ' Only six weeks,' muses May. ' Only, May— only ? You may como back changed.' \- '.If ot muoh; I hope, in six weeks,', unswers May, laughing. 'May, you nro young, and know so little!' remarks Mrs. Byng yngnoly, , then sighing heavily she leaves the room. ' lelh;'n6w,,.if; I' don't call , that un unsatisfactory observa- tion,' says Sara in n vexed tone, 'i do' consider that momtna is horridly aggravating at times; I she ' makes such aimless remarks, and then sighs herself away like a moianciioly breeze/ i . ' Mamma has known trouble,' replics'May, proceeding to divest herself of her finery., iruc; my aear ; sue is a vic tim to pa and poverty.' ' Sara, arc yon quite sure this pink suits ' me better than the dress I. tried on yesterday ?' . ' Heaps bolter I' answers Sara decidedly. ' But why ?' 'Oh, nothing! I only wanted to bo sure,' soys May dreamily ; then with a. soft laugh she folds hor dress and puts it carefully aside. ' CHAPTER VI. The day for-May's departure has arrived, and she stands ready- dressed and waiting in the hall. , ' Tho car will' not bo round yet for a quarter of an hour, but May . is too great a novice in travelling to risk a late start. Two formidable looking 'boxes, witb particularly, now and clean covers, are visible through t.«e glass door leading into the porch. A strong coil of rope lies beside them, destined Inter to secure them on tho oscillating car. Mrs. Byng is in her room pre? paring .to accompany ; her daughter to tho station. Sara is fussily busy in the kitchen, superintend ing (to Bridget's deep indigna tion) the packing of a small bas- b.ui «» provisions. Very protty May looks in her simple grey cloth travelling drrss and plain felt hat, uudcr the Bhade of which her golden hair seems to gleam with more than its usual brightness, The hull is a large, old-fashioned place, on one side opening into the entrance porch, and leading away' on the three remaining sides, through mysterious faded curtains, to.long and ghostly passages. It boasts an open hearth, and was doubtless used in tho days' of yore as the chief living room of the dead and gone Byrgs. May finishes strapping her rugs ; and then, advancing to the blazing wood fire, draws forward a ponderous oak-carved chair, and establishes herself within tho genial warmth of the hearth. Tho day is anything but cold ; still the novelty and exoitement of her position havegiven her a a shivery sensation. Never before has she travelled alone, never indeed spent one day apart from her mother since her birth. This crossing to England seems a great undertaking to her —nay, almost a perilous under taking. Sho is rather on the look-out of adventure, and though her limbs tremblc.a little nervous ly, her excitement is on the whole a pleasurable sensation.. ; Change— the : going forth alCno into that world of which she has thought j and dreamt so : much- must needs he delightful. I .She | has not yet learnt to look .ftpn" i the future with suspicion ; it is n lesson which only conies Hvi'th trouble and gray hairs, thank' Heaven! To tho' unsophisticated and joyous change is only another name for happiness. 'Oh, hero you aro!' exclaims Sara, bursting through tbo open- ing formed by a pair of solemn greeu:gray curtains, which look as if nothing less ghastly than tho spectral fingers of a ghost should raise them. ' I have cut you eighteen sandwiches, and put in four pnekets of, hisemts, one bottlo of sherry, one' of'biahJy, aud one of milk. Bridget says you must have another, with cold tea for breakfast, butl know that is not right.' 'My dear child,' answers May, laughing, and beginning to un pack some of the' superfluous parcels and bottles. 4 1 shan't want half these things. Why thpy would think I. had arrived burdened with all the provisions for my six weeks' visit.' 'No — you .must have the bran dy, if you take nothing else.' says Sara decidedly -'Mamma told me particularly to put in brandy in case you should be ill.' ' I need scarcely take a quart bottle,' returns May, producing n small flask from her hand bag. ' Fill this, if you will. As for the sandwiches, I : will tuko one packet. I shall be stopping to breukfast iu Liverpool.' 'Ikopo you will get there all right,' remarks Sara, who. imag- ines she ought to express some such sentiment. 'Remember, you havo promised me a full ac count of your adventures.' 'Yes, I will write you really lo.ig letters,' answers May, earn estly. Her conscience almost pricks her for leaving Sara alone. She knows the child will be utterly desolate without her. She catches the earnest tone in her sister's voice, she sees, too'; tho pitying, loving, glunce , which accompanies' tho words, uud . a lump forthwith rises in her throat. ' Oh, May, it will bq awful when you arc goijoJ . Six weeks does seem such au ago.' You must set to work to cheer up mamma,' answers May, giving a gentle pull to one of Sura's stray looks. 'It would be a waste of energy,' rejoins Sara dolefully. ' Mamma and I somehow clash. If. I tried on any of .my facetious little jok ing ways, just to raise her spirits, she would most likely burst' into tears at the idea of possing such a vulgar child.' .... T - t 'I am afraid 1 am rather sel fish,' says May, lovingly stroing Sara's rough head. J" 'will' feel the monotony of 'the house moro than over when I am gono. Evening after evenidg-.\yill .bring no ohange, always thh same wea rying routine.' ; ' ' Do let my hair ulone' !' Sara oxolaintf impatiently,- withdraw ing to h greater distance, and by A determined effort . swallowing 'the-ini-reusiug lump in hoi- throat.! I shall gct'oii' uil 'Vigil!; ajtd a-1 f(Vr'in<ii)V"tnii.y,' thlW'i.s'uVi iW;' ,.i tlmt jiist !tt'''pri.si>iit'. ' '.tfapii' list.- gut tu have' tHSTt'iscii'iitillo -truth liiude. tu stop th'c siuokifig <' flu dining-room cijunVti'y, aii'.l 1 1 i r- quite on tliu cViiiv.ls \\!iiil v.'t' '.-hall n 1 1 hit ve t(). iii!ii,c!''i ii | r i li Vu-i ' ma 1 1 v (luring tno ni'W. iViitnlght and usi-ertniii vvhy itVlm'S not .ut. f..i of ooiirse it . wftl't ; nmie id lii> ltighly-studied!t!ui)ii'.!s om-i an swer in practice':! " 'Dun't wasnrftliite ;dre->, on your exp!(iriugr!tix|ii'.i i.ti i m..' . «iv - May, langliiii";;: \un' inuy take myold hla(:k; gi|'uuiliiir, smof l aiu provided w.ith n new one.'- - At this- irfffirient Mr.V 'Bytig glides into the. 'Hull ; her face wears even' morh' than her usual look of sadueit; if not'depre..ssi(iii. This sending '.May . out into ithe world, coinparUtively, alone, trou bles her sorely/ The' mother's heart is sad, aud filled with Btrange forebodings; May's, heart, on the contrary, is giiy, aud filled with joy and gladness; ' : 'Aly dear, have yon wished your father goodbye'?' questions Mrs. Byng, glancing round ner vously on the signs of departure. 'Dear me, no,' answers- May, blushing crimson at her forget- fuluess, uud walking toward the passage leading to tlie 8tud\\\ ' 1 will como with you,' suvs Sura, who has no fancy for re maining in the hall with her me-: luncholy mother. ; So the two girls thread the long dark passage in silence,' till . they stand in front of' the deep-sot study door. '1 will wait here,' whispers Sara, as May knocks a tolerably loud knock on the resounding oak panels. 4 Come in,' says a sepulchral voice - ' Leave tho door a wee bit op en,' mutters Sara, in Su pressed tones, us her sister turns the handle. , May complies wjthAbo request and enters tlie; dimly- lighted, musty study, with its rows of grimiy-bound books, and advan ces cautiously towards tho muuu- script-ludcn table. Italph .Byng looks up for a moment witb .thought - knitted brows, and calculation in his deep gray eyes. He "- stares at May without sign of leiognition ; the thought does not leave his brow, nor the calculation his glance; but he slowly and-solemnly waves her from him baok to the door. 'Pupa, I have chmo to wish you good-hyo.' ,1 . r. The spoil is!, hfpkeh, and a slight sKadq"' of rbrinoy anco'' sup- plantS'the thought effi poor Ralph Byngls.countcnanoe.; , 4, Good-bye, .M,aygond-hyo ; but I really wish, .my dear, you would not intorrupt mc for such trifles.' > ' I thought, it eing so long n visit,' begins MayV t ; -'Long viritilong visit'?' .repeats her fii|iforr ps though striving to reoall some dim reool- ilection. 'Yes,' I- am/just: starting? for . London, papa— you know : nil about it.' : - - f Yes.-— yes— certainly, May; I- remetnbernow— going to London! —of -courao. Well, good-bye, my dear.' > And Mr. Byng, thinking l\e has murvellously well performed his paternal duty, returns with- . out delay to tho figures before him. \ - - - . ' ' : May looks at bim fora moment n 1th an expression, half comiqal, half sad. " Sho aud her father have never been on what may strictly be formed affectionate .terms ; still tt."8eeins -odd to leave him so, - without uniither word of fare well, and lor so long a time. May's heart is wurm und truer— hi»w warm and true — -how warm and true, she does not yet herself i fully realise. It- prompts her uim ti> part from her fat her -.with a kiss of peace;" so.sht; advances quietly to the side of his chair, utid, bonding down, imprints a soft little caress oil his High, bald forehead. - He starts violently to ' lii- feet. . ' Grmd — giwgru'cions, May. J thought v "U had gone.' . "No,' 1 fiiisxvers May, feeling " si-mewi.ot . confused at the" cold reception - a>f; her daughterly \- ttffeetioii ; ' butT urn jhst going ' ' good -bye.'-.. .' Good -live — ironcLbve. - inv lii'iiri' answers the persecuted mail, . \vi he a deoided -tingo( of .uapatioor-o 1:1 Ir.s tone. -v.eio May ' waiks ijuiekly. from 1; e wiom,- feeling.— -inough .wjth no reason-— smnil ; and . llulph 'i t vug roil"W8 her- . to the door, which'- die.,- -shuts.- ; -firmly 011 her 1 Ir alii g --t! pa I . 1 ili.„,-)iir.i a:ivs Mav saillv. '1 really thou«ht- .pttpiroural for me rtiore ihtiii that.!' . 1,: .'"Yoitii/au't- galner grapes from iliibt.le'i.roturns Sara.! logically. I. ajwavs told you that he. (liil !int.-H'»re 11 ;|ot- foi- either of us. Now; niii'iiiiia loves . vou, -rhut- she Ipoks' upon nuvsoKKihoW. us a lew kind mf: ereatu'i'o, just- to he tql- eiiiteih.-Jiiot cureib foi. :1 believe x 1 u 'tiro the only being iu. tlie w hole --.world - who cure.) for .1110 even a little bit;'and noxv ymr ah- going- suviiy for ever ;: and 1 shall go' to— go, Jo. the. had !' At.tliis j iiiictiire the lump iu poor Sara's throat becomes iimn trouhlesoine than ever. 4 But, mv dour,' answers May. xrho is. getting rather low-spirited herself, ' I am only goina tor" six xveeks, and as to nobody curing for you, why I love you best in all the world 1' 