A Man's Death. [BV MORLEY ROBERTS.] '•' Our mate was a man, anywav," cried Hillyard. " What d' yer mean ?" said Luker, sullenly : " he wiped me over the eye with a stopper and nigli Minded me. If I 'adn't bin a poor man Fd °ave had the law on 'im." ' " You'd have 'ad thunder," said Hillyard, and lie turned to the others. They were sitting in the smoking-room of the Sailors' Home at Hull, chewing tobacco and the cud of dismal reflection tuch as comes up when times are hard and the weather beastly. For outside. Salthouse Lane was ankle deep in slush, while rain and bitter sleet mingled upou an easterly wind fresh from the North Sea. " Bali, shut the bloomin' door, can't yer ?" said Hillyard impatiently, as a newcomer came in. " I was shuttin' of it," said the other man. "Ilo you want me to shut it when Tin on'y 'arf in, or outside, mate ?" " No ; but it's that cold it would freeze the toes off a North Sea pilot, and Fm just out of the Mediterranean," said Hillyard, in-jre good-temperedly than he had yet spoken ; for he was evidently the boss of the crowd by right of strength and a certain savage temper. He spoke with decision, and there was the salt of the seven seas on his tanned face. Not a craft afloat but he knew her ; the paint and the funnel of a tramp were common inevitable knowledge to him. "But I was tellin' you," lie went on. "about Gordon, our mate in the Japan, when we went to Reval with a mixed cargo, « hat Eyetalians calls a Fritter mister, and come back with rickers. He was a man. Now, wasn't Gordon a man, you Thompson ?" And Thompson nodded. " You see what Thompson thinks," said Hillyard to Luker," " and what 'e says goes with me. I don't care if 'e did bung up your eye. If so lie 'e'd bunged up mine, I'd say the same. 'Cause I knowed him long afore I ever clapped eyes on the Japan, with her bloomin' old eight-ton-a-day and eightknot-an-hour crawl. I knew 'im in the W. H. Smith, out of 'Frisco for Ilo-Iîo. And 'e was afore the stick with me {'e "adn't no second greaser's ticket then), and Fm telling you it wouldn't 'ave bin ' Tom's 1>ound to Hilo' with us if it 'adn't bin for : im. I own that as a man in the fo'c'sle he was a bit of a sea-lawyer ; but then, 'e 'ad eddication. I seed his sisters' photos, and the girls was daisies—quite the lady. " But, as I was asayin', 'e was a sealawyer, and when he shipped in the W. H. Smith he took it into 'is 'ead as she warn't seaworthy, and was too deep, and he tried to get us to skin out. " Oh. but if Gordon 'ad the heavy 'and (when it was wanted, Luker) 'e 'ad a tongue, and he could make up any kind of a yarn as easy as make sennit, and 'e'd work round of a man before 'e knowed it, and 'e : d enough brass about 'im to sheet a cruising frigate with. " Says 'e one day, as we'squatted in the fo'c'sle of the W- H. Smith, for tre went aboard that time three days afore she sailed, hell itself not being fuller of devils tlian 'Frisco was of sailors, and the skipper being noways scared of our skipping; says he— Gordon -I mean—" This bloomin' old hooker is a doomed craft, mates.' " "Ows that?' I arsts 'im, for 'e spoke serious, and serious 'e looked. " ' She is,' says 'e ; ' she's that deep, and they've got her by the 'ead now. And at this season we shall get it stiff from the north-east, and the seas out yonder, when it do blow, why, they're short and steep, and she'll dive, and, what's more, shell never come up no more.' " ' You believe it?' says a Dutchman. " 'I do, solemn,' says Gordon. ' I met a man as was shipmates in her on'y yesterday ; and I says to 'im, " Fm in the W. H. Smith," and 'e says, " Do you know her ?" And of course I answers, " No what's wrong ?" He screws his face up and says, " Well, she's rather a wet ship. " Wet, is that all?" I answers, and then he says, " She's worse than the Leander as washed over and killed more than 70 men in five years." And, what's more, I believe 'im, and I'm going to sling it, and if you bloomin' fools like to go on a survey of the North Pacific deep water soundings you may.' " That was the way Gordon slung it at us. And next day he gives us more. When I'd got to know 'im I believed as the man 'e "d met was never signed on no ship's papers. For the matter of that, I reckon he never met no one, nor ever 'eerd tell of the nature of the old hooker. " But-, Lord, how did he pile it on, and before we know'd it we'd all got a scare, and we funked the very notion of going to sea in her. You know, you chaps, 'ow it is with men. After all, we're on'y like sheep, that's my notion ; and Fve worked with sheep in Chili up beyond Santa Rosa de los Andes, where you started in my time for the Cumbre Pass into the Plate. ** So there we was in a panic, so to speak, and when Gordon says ' skip ' one night why we was like kids at school, and over the side we tumbled. " And who d' ye think we jostled agin but the skipper? " * What's all this?' 'e roars, for 'e had a voice, though not so bad in 'is nature for an American shipmaster. " And we shoves Gordon in front, and 'e lets out as we weren't on, and the skipper . gets mad, and says, ' Oh, you ain't, ain't you V And away 'e goes, and we goes into Brown's on the Front for a drink. And when we'd 'ad about three a policeman com es in, and then more ; and the end of it was about twenty took «a off to the * 'Ouse of Correction,' where they corrected us on plank beds and skilly and cocoa for forty-eight hours. And they take us on board mîh the irons on our 'ands, Mr. Billy Gordon among IJS, " Laugh, you bet we laughed. It w&e; a mighty fine joke, and Gordon, 'e goes at the 'ead of the percession, walking very proud, but making the bobbies die of laughing. 'E was a joker, and didn't mind it a bit. "So «e came on board, and the skipper, in his shore-going toggery and an 'igh 'at, gives us what-for in the perlitest way, making as if we was saloon passengers. And Gordon says, *Much obliged,'just as a gentleman might. For as I said, he was eddicated, and his sisters vas good to look at—quite the lady, both of them. " And out to sea we goes, " * You mind your bioomin* stops,' says the old man, 'and bygones is bygones. You was all skippers a while back, but I'm skipper now, and Fll skip you if you ain't good and smart. So now, then, my bullies* you can turn to. Calashee watch till we gets koitside the Gate.' For we lay off Goat Island another forty -eight hours. " 'feu'd have thought Gordon would 'ave (took if} £>ad, being so euchred. But no, 'e «dédn't. £. .don't take no back seat when •«ailoriang fs gp^ not with no man, bar that Fm not so qvtffc I was ; but Gordon— Billy we called 'im t$ifei;=-was up to my mark at everything, and over .it navigation, for th&t; I knowed nothing of. Àfià \e was as <quick AS any cat, Fll say that ; aloft as pi jaw. And no man could best 'im with "is jtongue. -" Howsoever, we "ad a good time for about (three weeks, though the wind was light; .and it then breezed up from the nor 1 -nor'-east and it began to look bad. She steered like a bus on a greasy road, and never a man but funked his trick at the wheel, till one day— and it bad that day—Billy Gordon was takin' her, and I had the lee wheel. " ' Steer small,' says the mate, a bit of a hard nut, and Billy answers 'im— " ' If any man can steer small with 'er before the wind, I'd like to meet 'im, sir,' says 'e, quite civil and anxious. " ' Don't give me any back talk, sonny,' sa vs.the mate. And then the old man conies up. " 4 What's that, Gordon ? ' he arsts. " ' I said, sir, as no man could steer her small before the wind and a 'eavy folio win' sea.' " * I can,' says the old man, for e "<l bin 'avin 'is mornin', and was feeling good. " And with that Gordon steps out a bit perlitely, and the skipper takes 'er from "im; and Yates, the mate, lookin' as black as the nor'-east quarter, took the lee wheel. "Gordon comes and stands by "uie, and 'e damns my eyes quiet for smilin.' " ' Look solemn, you bloomin' idiot,' says r e. " And solemn I looked, though the old man was giving her twice the wheel that Billy give 'er. And though he got 'er at last fair in 'and, 'e 'ad two points off each way, and 110 nearer for his life could 'e get her, though *'e fair sweated. " Presently 'e turned to Yates. " 4 Would you like to try, Mr. Yates ? ' says 'e civil. But Yates was quite sober, and 'e was riled at the skipper givin' himself away, and 'adn't no notion of doin' it 'imself. " ' Thank you, but no. Captain Greer,' says 'e, and with that the old man gives the wheel up to Billy, who got her a deal closer than 'e 'ad. " And that night it blew a snorter that lasted full thirty-six hours. Some of you chaps know what it was like, and some of you don't. But the truth is, she was deep and a bit by the 'ead, and when she plunged there was tl-e same 'eavy feelin' as a ship with half-a-dozeu feet of water in 'er. "The second night was worse than the first: and never a man turned in. Leastways no man took inore'n 'is boots off. Though what good, I dunno. If so be she 'ad done an Atlanta we'd 'ave been left, for nothin' could 'ave lived in the sea. It was get through or bust, and it looked more like bustin', I must say. For when they could 'ave 'ove 'er to, they didn't. " Billy and me stood most of the night just aft of the deck-house, and with us was the bo'sun's mate. I never seed anyone so 'appy as Billy was, for the worse it got the more 'e cheered up. " Let 'er rip," says 'e, ' there ain' nothin' like excitement. It'll be the death o' ine one of these days. What cheer ! go it, iny beauty !" " Oh, dry up," says the bo'son's mate, who 'ad the fear of God in 'is 'eart. " She'll go, she'll go. And this time. Oh, Lord !" " And down went the W. H. Smith with a plunge that made me a bit sick. And she took it in over the 'ead, solid green it was, and it came over from the top-gallant fo'c'sle two feet deep, roaring like a cataract. " The skipper yelled out from the break of the poop, and the bo'sun crawled aft, hanging on to the rail. " Get a couple of canvas bags and oil," says the old man, "and sling them over forward from the cat'eads." " Yes, Sir," says the bo'sun's mate. And me and Billy helps him. " Who's goin' to bell the cat'ead ?" says Billy. " For the man as goes on the fo'c'sle 'ead takes 'is blooming life in 'is 'and." " Yes, that's it," says the other chap, lookin' pea-green by the light of the lamp in the bo'suu's locker. " And Billy laughs. '* Fll do one," says 'e. " And 'e looks at me. " He forced my 'and, niâtes. And though I felt sick enough to believe that even a sailor-man's life was worth livin', I says "Fm on for the other." And then the bo'sun's mate looked a bit easier; and not so much like a Calashee in cold water. "But Fm tellin' you, it was a pretty job. It came out all right for me, for we waited for a smooth,"and, though it was as black as the Earl of Hell's riding boots, I nipped up quick and got the bag fast, with no more thanone small sea over me. But the way she felt, and the wind and the blackness, rather cooled me down. And though 1 knew Billy was close 'andy on the starboard side, I couldn't see my 'and before my face. And the roar of her when she rose was deafenin'. But at las, back I come. I fouudthe bo'sun's mate peepin' round the deck-'ouse, and when I grabbed 'old of the rail there, says 'e— " ' Where's Gordon ? ' " And just then she yawed and caught a heavy one right on the port bow, and she rolled to port and then right over again. And near six foot of green water came over the starboard rail amidships and filled 'er np to the top-gallant rail, and as she rolled again it went over the port side. I 'ung on the 'and-rail aft of the deck-'ouse, and of a sudden I was caught round the waist by the bo'son's mate, as I thinks, and then, though I did feel as if the W. H. Smith was a clean goner, elle began to recover, and got on an even keel, and rose again. I catches hold of tne man as held me, and sets 'im on his legs. " ' Oh, Billy's gone ! ' I cries out. ' He's gone, lie's gone ! ' " And the chap gasps. And then I seed it wasn't the bo'sun's mate at all. It was Billy. He'd been washed overboard right at the cathead, and washed aboard again when the big sea came over the starboard raiL " He tells me quick in my ear. " * And where's Higgins ? ' " 1 Where ? ' says L " But we pever seed "im again. The sea as put Billy on boai-d took the bo'sun's mate over. And 'e wasn't dje only man, for the cook's mate went too, either tiien oj- later, and the mate 'ad 'is leg bu£ted agi?} (he signal-box. " The oil for'ard did but little good. It made a bit of a smooth between the whiskers and the foremast, but not enough to stop the sea. fomin' in further aft thick and 'eavy. And the sea gof jvorse and worse. " ' Tiiem little hags is ^ust like spitting on a burnin' keroBeue.cask to put it out,' says Billy. ' Fm goin' to get the two éve.- gallon cans with the taps, and set 'em goin' for'ard.' " ' How get 'em ? ' I arsts. For Higgins 'ad took the keys with 'im. " ' Very careless of Higgins,' says Billy. But lie Iwirst open the locker with a big splice-bar, and he got out the cans and shoved 'em in for'ard r in ^rhat Eyetalians calls retreaters, and turned <jn the t#,ps at a fair, good, steady trickle. Noyt* Fd 'eard tell often of oil, and what it does, fegifc I p,eyer believed it before. After Billy '#d .«et it flowin' we never took drop aboard, and tfce /Quarter^iepk fair drjed up. I went aft and stood «mdgr the poopladder, and presently the second msije comes down. " ' That scheme of them oil-bags works, don't it?'says'e. 'I believe it was just touch-and-go when we put 'em over.' " ' Yes, Sir,' says I. But I never told 'im 'ow Higgins was gone. "And about four bells in the morning watch we was quite through with the thick it, and the sea went down with the rain which CQUjiç on them. •' * But the ^o'sun was mad when he found his locker burst op,eç and the oil-cans gone. ' "He went aft flying, and makes a complaint to the skipper. " 4 Who done it ? ' says the old man. And Billy, being then at the wheel, speaks— " 4 Then, by the tail of the sacred tail, you—saved the bloomin' ship,' says the old man. 4 1 thought it was them bags,' " But the bagsalone wouldn't 'ave fetched us into Ilo, for the difference them tanks make was enough to make a inan believe as a 'ogs'ead of oil would smooth all that lies between the Cape and the South Pole. "At Ho-Ho, Billy skipped out, and he hooked it off into New Guinea, and 'ad three years foolin' round. I met 'im again right 'ere in Hull, and then : e 'ad his secondmate's ticket. We went one trip together, me liein' bo'sun, to St. Petersburg and back. And two years later 'e was mate of the Japan, and a thunderin' good man as mate 'e was. " Work was what "e loved, and when out of a job : e was sick. At sea 'e was merry, but not to be played with by no means. Between this time and his last trip with me 'e was in several lines, mostly in the Baltic, Mediterranean, and Black Sea trades. 'Ë was in every port in the Mediterranean, and to Batouin and Poti Kertch, and Novorosisk and Sulina and Galatz, and Ibrail. But what I started out to tell you chaps was our trip to Reval this last time. " We left this 'ere place just in about time to get there when the ice broke up and there was still plenty of it round. But the old Japan was built for such work, and she ploughed throug ice that would have stove the guts out of a common Mediterranean fair-weather tramp. She came back right enough, or mebbe I would not be talkin' here. But just as we came away from Reval most everyone on board was queer. For that rotten disease they calls influenza was layin' them out in Russia like the cholera. Before we'd been three days at sea the old man, a thickheaded old snorter he was, was down with it, hollenn' like a man with delirious trimmings, and the third mate (she was a good boat for the officers, and 'ad three watches) he went down too. Criminy ! they was bad. I 'ad a touch of it. And for three days I wanted to die and get out of such a black world. I 'adn't no more 'ope in me than if I was in 'ell on a grid. Frying it was, aud 'elpless as a kid. Why, mail alive I t ried ! And then the second mate 'e goes under, fair knocked out ; a rag of a man : e was at 'is best, but 110 more in 'im when e' 'urt- himself than in an old soup and bully tin. So poor Billy ("Jordon a'd it all to 'imself. " You chaps, for all you're mostly chaps as never saw real tall water, knows what a blasted 'ole the Baltic is when it is bad weather. It was bitter then and a northeaster as sharp as a razor, that went through a man. There was ice about even then, ice in bergs, and small floes drifted out of rivers. And it blew at least three quarters of a gale all the time. " So you may guess that poor Gordon 'ad an 'ell of a time on the bridge. What could 'e do with all the rest down ? Why, nothin' as 'e said to nie, but stick it out. And 'e stuck it out like a man, as 'e was, and as I told you. "Says I to him, 4 For Gawd's sake sling it Mr. Gordon !' For I could see 'e was sickenin' for the flu. But he answers angry. " 'And who'll be in charge of her?' says 'e. " That night the fever got 'im. After 'e'd been six-and-thirty 'ours on the bridge, with hardly a get-off for ten minutes all the while, 'e calls me. " 4 Fve got it at last,' he said ; ' now look you 'ere, Tom, I'm not going off. They're all down, and none of you knows nothing.' " ' I knows the rule of the road,' I told 'im. And lie laughed. " « You think so, sonny, but wait till you get into the thick of it, and red lights and green lights as thick as a chemist's shop, and your head'll go. And so will the old Japan.' " Aud 'e stuck on the bridge till 'e just couldn't stand. All the time the skipper was as weak as a kid, aud would weep if the steward said a word to 'im 'e didn't like. And the second and third were real bad too. But Fve my doubts if they was as bad as Gordon. "For now 'e was lying on that freezing cold bridge, wrapped up in blankets, aching in every limb, and just' orrid to look at. But 'e said, "Don't you touch me. Just you tell me wiiat's ahead.' I stood there most of the time watching 'im and looking out. And according as I told 'im what lights there was, so 'e said, ' Port or starboard ; ' and then I saw as my rule of the road would sometimes 'ave cured 'im and me and the others of the flu, and any other troubles, too, for that matter. 4 4 And now we was getting dowu to Loudon River, where we was bound. But sometimes I did think as Billy would go out before we could ever get in sight of the Nore. For he couldn't hardly speak, and he looked just pitiful and like a ghost. But he was true grit, and never even moaned, unless 'e slept for a few minutes. And all the time 'e should ave' bin in 'is blankets, and even then it was a chance for 'im. And at last he fainted dead away, but not till I told 'im there was a pilot boat nigh handy. The old man was a river pilot, and so they didn't look for us to take one. But Billy says, 'Signal for one,' and he fainted as I rung the telegraph for them to ease 'er down. " When the pilot came on board I took Billy in my arms—a skeleton 'e was—and carried hi in down below. I knew 'e'd never get over it ; and 'e never did. 'E died inside of a week or so : one of his sisters wrote and told me. She was a regular ladj 7 , and I kept 'er letter by me a long time, until I got drunk and lost it. But if I did it couldn't be 'elped, aud she sent me Billy's likeness. He was what I call a man, and not a thing in the shape of a man. 'E could 'it 'ard, and swear 'ard, and, at the right time, drink 'ard ; but 'e knowed 'is work as few blooming officers knows theirs. And, when ninety-nine men out of a 'undred would 'ave caved in, 'e stuck there and 4ong 'is duty ; knowin', if a man could know, ns it jyould be 'is death. A man, I say, he was. And if 'e did wipe you over the 'ead with a stopper, I 4essg,y you desarved it, Luker." " I done it myself," said Hillyard. " Well, did I hever "say you didn't?" asked Luker. " But there ain't no other bloomin' swine in this room as can say the sgjij£. !? As they wepe all gofeef, $nd mostly Dutchmen, nothing came of the chalienge- " Hark ! don't it blow?" said one. And the deadly north-east roared down the dismal street. The silver lining in the cloud may be there ; but the difficulty is that clouds do pot go about turned inside out. ." Witt's the use of crying over spilt milk f So saying, the milkman turned cheerfully to the p^irçjj ^aql f^ççlied the deficiency. Western Editor (putting on his coat): " WpJjL jbhis is hard lijck 1 Obituary column short half an inch, I'.vç got to go out and kill a man to SU it up A pretty good joke was that played on an alderman who wandered about the streets bearing a placard on his broad back inscribed " Widened at the expense of the corporation." Satisfactory.—"How did you get along with the French lady ?" asked papa. 4 4 Well," 6aid his daughter, 44 she understood what she said, and I understood what I said." - 