A South Sea Massacre. CAPTAIN AND SEAMEN KILLED. The Sea Ghost was the name of a lG-ton cutter which was recently chartered tor the Inland trade.. She was in charge of Captain Kolshorn, and tho other members of her crew consisted of half-a-dozen natives i-ecruited in tbe Bismarck Achipdlago. A month or so ago the cutter set out from New Britain on fl trading cruise. Mr. 'l'indal, of SUort Itiad Island was the charterer, and he had fitted tbe vessel out with the goods for bartering with the natives. The cutter sailed under the German tricolor, and Captain Kolshorn, who bailed from the Fatherland, bad previously been chief oiticer in the schooner Welcome. That vessel being lost, ho joined the cutter. The Sea Gho t, on leaving her headquarters made fcr the. Girman Solomon islands. These islands lie just off the British Solomons, and were annexed by Germany a few years ago. The natives are deEeribed as a fine race, and o£ good physique, but traders visiting the group are warned to bo on their guard against possible attack, as they are noted -for being both cunning and treacherous. Whilst showing -.a friendly dis position to visitors, they have been known to attack traders' vessels with sudden and remarkable daring, and there ia a long record of horrible atrocities against them. It was at one of these islands, called Bufea, that the Sea Ghost made her first -call, and Bhe bad hardly reached anchorage before there was an attack on the crew by the shore natives. The attack wag bo sudden that tho crew could offer no resistance, and all but two, who escaped, fell an easy prey to the hatchets and spears of the savages. The particulars of the horrible atrocity were brought to Sydney on Saturday by the Island steamer Moresby. The steamer culled at New Britain just afcer the report of the affair was received by the German officials, and the news caused quire a Eonsation. It appears that thp Sea GhoBt wan coming to an anchor for trading, and Captain Kolshorn was in the rigging on the lookout for reefs. The natives, as usual, put off from the shore in canoes, but in his anxiety to keep the vessel clear of the dangerous reefs the captain had not noticed that they were swarming on board the cutter. They appeared friendly, how ever, and wanted to trade with copra, which is the staple product of the group. Captain- Kolshorn waa descending from the rigging, when tho attack was made. It was a complete surprise for him, and being unarmed, he bad no possible chance of defend ing himself. He fell mortally wounded on deck, the body, so the story goes, being horribly butchered. Four of the natlveB made a desperate fight, but the odds were considerably against them, aud they were scon overcome. The other two natives were taken prisoners, but they by Bome means or other managed to escape. Meanwhile, the vessel had been run ashore, and, having been looted of everything of value, Bhe was subsequently destroyed. The captain'8 body had been thrown overboard, and the remains of the four natives (crew) were taken to the village for a cannibalistic fea t. A report of the masfasre has been sant to the captain of tho German warship Falke, now in port, and steps will be taken in due coarse to send a punitive expedition t-- the island. Buka, tbe Roene of the massacre, lies off the norih-eaBt end of Bougainville. 