Old Books. (By. A. . E. A.) (Written for the "Town and Countx-y Journal.") . It was Lord Houghton, I think, who penned that neat' commentary on the'learned-efforts that occupy all. a lifetime, only to he valued by a succeeding . generation at the price of one hour of labor. The poet wrote: He never read ¡Dame Nature's book The finch's neat, the mold warp's burrow Nor ' stood io mark the careful rook Peer sidelong down the newest furrow; He never watched the warbler dart 'Prom stem to stem among' the sedtges; -. But, hands behind him. paced apart Between the tall-cut hornbeam hedges. And so his - blameless years rolled by, To-day the double' of to-morrow; - No wish to smile, no need to. sigh, No heart for imiir.tlh, no time for sorrow. His forehead wore a deeper frown, '.Eyes grew more dim, and cheeks more hollow, Till friendly death one day stepped "down, . . ' . And lightly whispered, "Rise and follow." Butt Flame," victorious maid, resists . The doom for which grey Time-intends us.. ' Immortail titles crowd the lists* - Which Mr. Quarltch kindly sends us. 'Twixt Drellncourt and ¡Dryden thrust, What name confronts you, lone and chilling,? "The Works of Gilbert. iDryasdust: Quarto; 3 vols. ; old calf; a shilling." Quibe so. But possibly the labors of learned Dry- ' aeduet did their work- perhaps neceesary work-in their day and generation, and contributed to the evolution of the very state of things in which they, were no longer needed. The nineteenth century cannot afford to point the finger of scorn at the liter ary derelicts which have drifted down to it from* preceding centuries. Look at the ' mighty fleet of derelicts wherewith it has cumbered the literairy ocean, and imagine the fins fielä for moralising the writers of the end of next century will hav«>. They will possess that perspective whioh it is vain for us to hops for. We are too close to Tennyson, or Swinburne, to appreciate how great or how small they are. i'-'The Magic Words of Life are Here and Now," but." that rule does not apply to the art of criticism. The mere trade of criticism is, of course, quite a different matter. It was Emerson, I be lieve, who said that he never read a book till it was a year old. Well, when science hos done all that lt saya it Intends to do, and man is able to live three or four hundred years, the max Irrt will read, "Never read a book till it is a hundred yean* old." At the rate at which books are now being turned out there will then be p'enty of reading to keep the greediest reader fully employed. Indeed, something like it is now in operation. The strug gling author of ito-day has to compete with the ghosts - of Dickens, Thackeray, Scott, Jane Austen, and many another who "being dead still Speakern.'* As the aforesaid ghosts da not worry their present day publishers for lump sums or royalties or any thing else, and the living author is uncom fortably given to such practices, the com bat is an unequal one. Tba ghosts are not only the great majority, but a majority of the great, and their number is sure to increase. The one thing that saves the modern writer is the fact that the public, like the Athenians, are ever seeking for new things. But will succeeding generations prefer new lamps to oíd? It is easy of course to find an old and interest ing book, anu.it is not at all difficult to find an old and dull one. But whether such a book is really dull depends greatly, upon thepoirit of view. ' Wilkie Collins read every novel, good, bad, and indifferent, that came in his way, on the principle, as he explained, thatthere were good books, and better books, but no'bad books. But the old book that has escaped, more by good luck than by any merit of its. own, the kitchen stove or the rubbish heap, has an added value to the discerning eye. lu the great classical works, the reader is sur prised that the wisdom of the. ancients is so close to the wisdom of to-day. So strong is our ten dency to consider ourselves much wiser than our predecessors that we are surprised at the remark able cleverness of some philosopher in thinking things that we ourselves think three thousand years after he gave them utterance. So with an old book of no particular merit, it pleases us to find that people in past ages could be quite as dull, and quite as short-sighted, as we firmly be lieve many of our contemporary writers to be. "It may well be questioned," wrote James Rus sell Lowell, in an article on the "Five Indispens able Authors," "whether the invention of print ing, while it democratised information, has not also levelled the ancient aristocracy of thought. By putting a library within the power of everyone, it has taught men to depend on their shelves rather than on their brains; it has supplanted a strenuous habit pf thinking with a loose Indolence of reading which relaxes the muscular fibre Of the mind. ' When men had fey? books, they mastered those few; but now the multitude of books lord it over the man. .The costliness, of books was a great refiner of literature;. 1-Men disposed of single volumes by will withy as much provisions and precautions as if they .had been great landed estates. A mitre would hardly have overjoyed Petrarch as much as did the finding bf a copy of Virgil. The problem for the scholar was formerly how to acquire bocks; for us it is-how to get rid of them. Instead of gathering, we-must sift. When Confucius made his collection-'Of Chinese pt ems he saved but 310 out of more than 3000, and it has consequently survived until ;oUr day." Thc present generation manages to get rid of its bouks In a very efficient manner. They are pro duced at the rate of many thousands, a year, and yet how few have any extended lease/of life. Their destruction is aided, of course, by the inferior quality, of modern paper and modern book-binding. T wno vorir munli affiinlr hw +>i'a 'n _ .tua j uiuui. üuuyiv $jy {.ula m making a survey recently of the various Sydney book shops. In the boxes holding thé waifs' and strays of second-hand literature- the hooks which saw; the Jight']pnly." a few years ago compare' very unfavor ably indeed with -thpjäe that had survived from the . earlier' years of the seventeenth century. ï Think, too, of the sturdy Ó14 dictionaries and Bibles which aré'.; treasured in numerous households,: under the impression that they" are ; of price less value. The bookbinder, of past times set to work with ; as much care as if he meant that his work should stand the test Of a thousand years. The consequence is that his werk still holds its own among the fragile flotsam abd jetsam of this present age. I fished' out from one box a copy of "A Survey of Trade," printed in 1722. To all appearan ces it was flt to resist 250 years of further wandering. Beside it lay a miserable battered specimen of a novel that was sensational four or five years ago. It was at Its last gasp, and within measurable distance of the furnace or the rub bish heap. Yet in this ephemeral literature of our day there are many books that seem doomed to perish which would be of interest to the good folk of the end of next century, who will be doubtless anxious to see what manner of men we were. Here a wise provision has been made for posterity. The literary antiquarians of that time will find the tropic luxuriance of our modern literature on the shelves, or in the cellars, of such institutions as the British Museum, the Bcdleian Li brary, Oxford; the Advocate's Li brary, Edinburgh; and Trinity College, Dublin, to which copleB of all new books must be sent. Modern writers will, we suppose, be duly classified, and studied on scientific lines, and there is reasonable room for the surmise that the universi ties of the 21st century will pos sess various kinds of professors ot ancient fiction. Then the utterly despised of to-day,; and all the ephemeral successes, will have their revenge on an unappreciative world. Our watchful critics may prevent them" boring us, but they will surely re-appear, and, in .the guise of hard, scientific facts and problems, plague our unfortunate posterity. 