CURING CLAXTON. Ned CI ax ton was the bally of the works. A fair band at his trade and fibular an the clock, ho had been promoted to tlie petition of fore man in the moulding-shop, vested with a little real and much imaginary authority. Ned had never been a favourite tvitti any of the hands for a sourer or more tetchy mortal never drew wage at Cranulca Works. His elevation made him intolerable. It was a nine days' wonder at the works that so gentle a rise in the industrial scale could have given any sane creature so in flated an idea of his own importance as that which Claxton possessed after being rained to the position of foreman. Ho was one of those who btliove that authority is meant to be exer cised, so was vt-ry prodigal in his use of such as lay in his hands. The 'preniice-hoys abhorred him, whilst the older men would have disdained to kick him. Ho was snappish and overbearing, without a thought save that of getting the work out ot hand as quickly and cheaply as he could. And in this, it may be chronicled as matter of fact, that ho was less successful than old Dave Jlaitland, who preceded him, or young Bob Crewdson who followed him. Goth were Quiet and methodical, but the moulding-shop | prospered under each of them. J Claxton wasn't always a bully. Before bo gavo the job up ho changed, and it was Bob i Crewdson who changed him. Bob's treatment J nearly give Claxton his final promotion-or degradation. But that's the story. Bob waa a strapping young fellow of twenty two, smart and steady, with a head full of technical school, and an irrepressible desire to get on. Ho had served his time at the Crane lea "Works, and had laid Mie of thu proprietors under a debt of gratitude to him, so way re garded us being peculiarly " well in '' with the management. How Bob had done himself a good turn was by saving the life of Norman Westleigh, son of Charles Normmi Westleigh, one of the proprietors and managing director of the works. Norman, a frolicsome iad of nineteen, was in tbo fjtt»Dg-sbop learning tl»e business. Bob and he had become attached to each other. One hot July afternoon Norman had slippud out to have a dip iti tbe works* reservoir. He was a poor swimmer, and after swimming into deep water becume exhausted. His cries for help brought the hands out of the moulding-shop en masse. Seeing n head in the reservoir, Bob Crewdson dashed into lha water aud after a hard struggle deposited Norman Westleigh on th bank, more dead than .alive, l'or which. action Charles Norman Westleigh «-i«t his son were ever after grateful. The vttaolimaat between Bob and Norman grew stronger. Genftrous *nd true-hearted, Bob Crewdson detested Claxton " He's a disgrace to tho worka," he would say. " If 1 wwe principal I'd clear hira in twenty minute* " Claxton learned of the mutinous i.hnujihtu and (Citings which possessed Boh Crewdson, and wojtd gladly have kicked him out of Iho place. Hut Claxton's authority fell short of liny summary execution or disrating of Crewdson. And each of them knew it. Tho latest addition to the large staff of the Cranelei Works was a wisp of a boy named Peter. He waa a wee, blue-uyed laddie, with hair as soft and light nsilax, and, according to the best information to hand, was nobody's child. He was 13, had come out of an orphan age, and was living with an old woman whose principal means of livelihood was an old fashioned and creaky mangle. Peter had conn into the works to make his living, like"a man. Claxton bullied the boy until he cried rrom sheer bewilderment. On* cold aod stormy d«y Claxton sent Peter out for his own dinner. On getting back, IJeter tripped ovur an iron bar which lay on Mie floor ->t the moulding-shop,' mid in an inaUnt Clapton's dinner mingled with the black sand and the fragments of the platei which had contained it. A loud laugh broke involuntarily from the men as they observed the disaster, and three of them ran to the aid of little Peter. Claxton grow black as thunder. Storming at the lad for being a clumsy young fool he administered to him a heavy cuff n hid stretched him a second time 011 the sand. " 'Ere," he growled. " Ho right back to my house and bring some more dinner, and let me see you throw that away and I'll sack you. Bo on, you little fool !" It was raining hard. Peter who had on hut a ihin '. slop jacket, hobbled awuy, rubbing his leg. Three quarters of an hour later he hobbled buck again with the fresh dinner, wot to the skin. At night the lad went home chilled to the marrow, took to his bed, and remained in it for nearly a month, tenderly cared for by tho old mangle woman. " The scamp wants shooting for treating the kid in that way," said Bob Crewdsou, learning that little Puter was at home struggling wilh a fever brought on by expesuro to the rain. "I'll pay him off for that somehow, or my name isn'l Crewdson," he added savagely. At half-past five o'clock that night Bob Crewdson and NormanWestleigh were observed in subdued co'ifursation in the engine-house. Crewdson was explaining something to Norman, the youth occasionally interrupting him with a query or objection upon somo point,and Crewd son pausing to argue or make the matter plain. By six o'clock a scheme, mutually approved of, had been devised. " I. wouldu'*. like to get tho scoundrel the 'suck,' though ho deserves it," said Bob Crewd son,as they were on the point of parting for tho night. "We'll be quits with him, though, see if vo're not." Like most bullies, Ned Claxton was at heart au arrant coward. It was tho knowledge of this that led Bob Crewdson to determine almost to " frighten the life nut of him-," for hi*' harsh treatment of tho hands in general, and of little Peter in par ticular. It was six o'clock on the morning but one after Crewdson and Norman Westleigh had plotted together in the ongir.e-house. Ned Claxton had just entered the forks with a eon* sequential air. Bob Crewdson, hands in pockets, and the very picture of nonchalant in difference, jppfeacherl him. " Good morning, Ned," said Bob airily. " Moroin'," growled Cartoo, casting a con temptuous look on the young moulder. Bob Crewdson started back. Hi* hands rose before him us a look of alarm overspread his face. " What's to do with you ?" said Claxton gruHly, with an oath. "Good heavens! What's the matter with you, Ned ? " exclaimed Crewdson, gazing with a startled look into Gluxton's eyes. Claxton turned pale. " Wha-what's to do r>' ho asked, with terror iu tone and features. " Why-you're like a corpse, man. Go and look in the glass in the office. What's the mat ter with you ? " " Nowt as I know of," camo a shaky reply as Claxton, now hardly able to walk steadily, passed on. Approaching the moulding-Bbop he encoun tered Jake Grainger, a moulder. Jake stopped ; stepped backward, and stared into Claxton's face, with a look of blank astonishment. " What's up ? " asked Claxton hardly able to articulate a word. " Are you bad, Ned ? " was the answer, with simulated concern. " Not as I'm aware of. Why ? " - " You look more fit for bed than work. If I were you I'd see the doctor. Man! You are white as a sheet." Grumbling »n incoherent something, Ned Claxton staggered on. Work had started. Claxton had occasion to go to tbo rngino-house. Harry Rcdfern tlio driver was cleaning up. after oitiug and starting the engine. He turned as Claxton entered.am) immediately cast upon him a look of amazement. "What's the inutti r with you, Ned ?" ho asked, gazing intently at Claxton. " Nothing. Why ?" came the answer, as Claxton struggled hard to keep » brave front under this third attack. " You do look bad. You're aB pale as death. " Am I ?" retorted Claxton, breaking down again. " You are that. If I were ycu I would go home and go to bed. There's summit, on jou. Nowt like taking a thing uf that sort in time." Claxton thought so. Muttering an incoherent reply, with a cursory glance round tho place he p-ssed out Bgain. Ho was inexpressibly miser nble. Something must he the matter with him ho thought. Something was tho matter with him. He could feel it. After au aimless walk around tho works, he anived at tbo fitting-shop. He had no imme diate business there, y«t he entered anil looked around The bauds were at work. Norman Wcstleigh had started and saw bim as he came in. As Claxton neared, Nor man stopped his work and went towards him. «* -d I " exclaimed ui.v.i in alarm, " What iu the name of goodness has come over you ? You are as pale as death, Ate you ill ? " " Only middling like this morning." was the answer. " You do look bad. I'd see the dootor at once if J were you. Doesn't he look bad ? " The query was addressed indefinitely to the men near. .. He does that," was the reply of voices in unison. " Seo the doctor," said Norman Westleigh, with a penetrating gaze into Ctaxton's face. 11 I-I mean to," was l>ht r. pK", as Claxton turned from the fitting-shop, He could stand no note of it. A moment later he re-entered the flttiug shop *nd stag gered up to Norman Westleigh. " I'm going home," he said, in shaky tones. Tell them I'm ill. will you, Norm*a ? " " I'll tell them," ssid Norman, lowering his head to bide the twinkle which was playing in his oyt». Before Claxton reached the door of the works he was stopped by a fireman. "Wbatover'n tbe matter -vith you, Ned ? You look as pale as a ghost," was the salutation. " Bad ' " was the answer. " Going home, bad." Claxton passed out, went home and to bed, and ordered his wire to bring the doctor im mediately. His pale, anxious face was » nufii cieut answer to her look of inquiry. His wifo hurried away. In an hour the doctor stoiid by Claxton's bedside. That there was something wrong with the man the dotttor felt convinced when he hail finished his examination, 'claxton truthfully reported that ho felt too ill to talk'or nut 01 do anything. As to tbs precise nature »f the ailment the doctornss as ignorant as a child. So ho prescribed a simple medicine, gave a nmnlier of wise, hygienic instructions and took his departure. On the following Friday Normau Westleigli i ntered tho moulding - shop at three o'clock iu the afternoon in a state of high oxcilement. Walkiug up to Bob Crewd son, he motioned to him to como outside. .Bob accompanied him to a quiet corner of the works. " Bob," aaid Norman, with unteigned con c< rn, " what in Heaven's name' are we to do ? Claxtou's dying, it's a fact. They've just sent down to the olllce to say BO. We've frightened him to death." " Bosh 1" exclaimed Crowdson scornfully. " It's true as gospel. He's worried himself to pieces. He's dying, 'i'hny don't know what to make of it, only tli.it he's ill and about done for. If he dies and it guts out. ws'ie in for man slaughter. Do you ?understand P" " Get me his address, and tell them I've gone up to seu him. I'll make that all right," said Criiwdson confidently.. An hour later Bob Crewdson stood by the. bed-side of Ned Claxton. For once Bob was darmed. Claxton appeared to be dying. "Ned !"he exclaimed, grasping the sick man's hand. " havo done with this fooling. You're no move ill tliun I am. Telling you you were ill was all a ' put-up job.' Wo did it to pay you oil for being so snarly and brutal with little Fetor. You wanted Hogging, you moan scamp. Now turn out and conic to work, and behave yourself like a man. You're as well as I am." Bob Crewdsnn told tbe whole story to Mrs Ciaxtou and Mvs. Claxtou told it to the doctor. Tho doctor looked grave, and then rated Clax ton soundly for being a fool. Whereupon Clax tou commenced instantly to got better for very spite and perversity. Ou tbo f ollowing M on lay morning Nod Claxton turned up at the works at the custom ary hour. He was chauged both in looks and manner. The knowledge that he would there after be tho laughing-stock ox the Cranelea Works was an intolerable buidan to bim. Every vestige of tyraany tad bc.'n eradicated from him, and he might have worked on bravely un til he b*d made by-gone» by-gones. and lived down tho old and bad record, snd the laugh had Bpcnt itself. But the sight nf little Peter, more fair and frail than bver, coming feebly into the works a fortnight later was too much, for him. " J'rn going. I can't stand no more of it," lie SBid as he rushed into the office,made a brief communication to the timekeeper, and then slunk away to the rear of the works. They saw him no more. Bob Crewdson was put in charge of tho moulding-shop, and little Peter was taken into the oflieu. To-day Bob is the trusty manager of Crane lea Works, a clever, practical scientist, good hearted, and respectcd by 1,500 meu. Peter is assistant cashier, and may some day l)e but that's another story. 