W K ®y EDITH TOWNSEND EVERETT,. 1 She was always doing' out-of-the-way things. Therefore, her friends -were sel- ^om surprised at any bizarre, action: attributed to her. Still, it must be confessed that her most intimate friend was Just a trifle nonplussed when she remarked : "I am engaged to be married." "But you are married, my dear," protested her friend, mildly, knowing from experience that a gentle protest was ail that such a human cyclone.yclept Alice Vane would tolerate. "Oh, that doesn't matter at alL"' "Oh, doesn't "it?" voiced the protestor, •who, had she been questioned prior to this interview, would hare thought the marital tie quite an obstacle in the way of the engagement of one of the parties go bound to another not in the contract, but as proof of Alice's strangely hypnotic influence over the circle in .which she' moved it must be admitted 7 that the friend was quite willing to be convinced that a married woman could with ease and no divorce announce her engagement with the sang froid of a widow who has bvfried her fifth. "I know it is unusual," continued Alice, as she rocked slowly back and forth in .the most comfortable chair in her friend's not over comfortable drawingroom, "but I never did go in for routine, you knew, and that is why I am afraid my marriage has been not altogether a failure, but sort of disappointing." "What did you expect, 'honeymooning All the time?" ( ^ -; "Of course I didn't* don't bef^llsv Elsa, but I find it horribly tiresome «it r -ting opposite the same face three liundred and sixty-five days in a year-and writing to the same man whenever the montony of table is varied by my husband's absence." "That js, I presume, the rsSason why you have taken to writing to other mien .and to sitting at luncheons and dinners opposite other faces," put in the candid friend, with a tinge of sarcasm in her voice. "Exactly: and that is why~*I am engaged to be married to Jack Mills." "Engaged to be married! Why, you are silly! How can that be?" "It is all very, simple, and you needn't pooh pooh an idea just because it comes as a perfectly, new factor into your old fashioned curriculum. I have told Charlie I am tired of him and that I want to marry Jack, and Charlie very sensibly accepted his medicine, only stipulating that he' and I should live together during the period of my engagement with the other, eo that in case I-got tired before the day set for our marriage I .could" fall back .on him and thus avoid those embarrassing consequences that often attend broken engagements." "He said that did he?" queried Elsa. "Well, my dear girl, he is guying'you." „ "Guying me? I guess not. You ought to have seen how serious he" looked when I came straight out with the'-bald truth." "One would hardly". expect; him to be joyous, would they?" "No, it wouldn't have been complimentary. yet I hardly looked for him to be quite so passive in the matter. Well, good-bye. dear; remember it isn't announced formally yet, so don't tell more than just the old girls until I give you permission to go ahead." And with a little butterfly kiss, a swish of silken skirts and a faint, subtle fragrance of violets in-her wake, Alice passed out of the avenue, there to be joined a few moments later by handsome Jack Hills, who would have ordered his man to pack up Cor the Antipodes had he known what the infatuated little woman at his. side had told her-husband and friend as her interpretation of the murmured compliments and empty words of flattery which she had accepted "as the^true offerings of affection from a manly, upright and honest heart. White they, strolled up the fashionable promenade cAsa sat in the cramped .quarters for which she paid half her salary and which by courtesy were called "The Grosvenor Apartments," and thought of the wilful, foolish girl who had just left 2ier. "Silly,"-silly," she murmured. "Something must be done and at once to set matters right or there will be such a tangle that even Alice's proverbial good luck will desert her," and for fully a half hour she rocked slowly back and forth in the chair-but just deserted by her guest, tier smooth, white brow wrinkled into lit- "tle lines- of doubt and a troubled look in the deep, serene eyes. "Well, little girl, have you missed me? ^queried Jack Mills, as he looked down at the trim figure beside lilm. "Missed you? Of course, I have," smiled Alice, "but I am not going to spoil you by telling you how much." "And what have you been doing since I ^vent away?" "Oh, a lot of things," and Alice smiled to herself as the thought of how among the "lot of things" was the telling her ttusband that she cared for the man. in whose company she now was. "Does Charlie suspect that you care for me?" . . "He doesn't suspect. He knows." "The devil he does!" "Oh, yesi you needn't get excited about It. I told him myself and he took it quite •calmly." Alice didn't explain in detail that she had informed her husband she meant to marry Jack. "Some things are "best kept secret," she added to herself. "Well, all I can say is that you have "made it impossible for me to see you again, and I think it the silliest move I ever heard of." "Impossible to see me? Not at alL ^Charlie insisted at once on inviting you •to dinner next Tuesday, and if you don't • -come he will think it very queer—while I—well, I will begin to believe you liaven't (meant a word you said all along." "Of course, Alice, I meant that you are the dearest woman in the world, but tiang it all, it makes it" decidedly awkward for me to shake your husiband's hand, sit "at his table and talk to him as man to man knowing that he knows that I have been making love to his wife. Why couldn't you have let matters go on as they were? Lots of people in sofciety similarly situ iated have affairs . running -on- for. years and tljey don't consider it necessary, to blazon the fact abroad in words—they .••Set actions do the talking.*" ; "But you know I never do as others <Io. You-said unconventionaHity was my great charm in your eyes. If I were-to receive your attentions just as Mrs Tom, Dick, and. Harry do, our relations would degenerate into the commonplace and I wouldn't, like you at ail. I -want my life In the future to be based on a" different plane, and I can't see what earthly difference it can make to you if I honestly tell my husband that I love some one else, thus.getting him accustomed to the rftuation instead of his being consumed and annoyed by rumors and suspicions that axe, the thorns in. too many married men's souls," "Is she very wise or absolutely idiotic? thought Jack, as he-looked down, at her during this flow of to her convincing argument. He had never meant his attentions to assume a serious attitude. Hf liked Charlie Vane too well to run the risk of being cut off from the many ''good flings" it was in his power to bestow jjjpon his friends. He admitted he ladii't had any particular scruples about . snaking love to Vane's wife w> long ae tthe episode were kept just between the two most interested parties; but Alice, With that careless disregard for conse •quences typical of the way she had encouraged him. up to the limit, had now made pretty kettle of fish by a sort •of anti ^climax. He couldn't back out TOW. She had put it so plainly to him that such, a course would stamp him -cowardly In both her eyes and Vane's «s well, that with a little shivery pull -together, he turned to "iter- and said like «ne about to take tome bitter medicine: • ""W&7, What do you expect me to do*" "Do? Why, nothing hut gb on jast «syou have be^n doing £U these months -*-onJjr now we can -act -mote openly^eort \- -fc>f with the understanding that exists smH^^Xaclj^ with .quiet cynicism. "I Tiaye ^before heard 'of 4t- heing applied to any .couple In our "position; but (l supposfr if'you sayso. 'it is all right." To himself he thought : "Thure won't be a bit of fun making- Jove to her when it Is all clear sailing. Hang it all. why did I ever get into such a mess! These unconventional women ure always doing some deucedly awkward thing, and the trouble of it all is they never stop to consider that they are dragging someone else into. it. loo." Aloud, however, he went on apparently unmoved .: ''Will I see you " tonight at the Cravens* dance?" "No, I am not going, but will expect you to-inorrow at dinner. It will be quite, a. familyparty — Charlie, Elsa, you and I. Au revoir." And with a coquettish; glance from under, her long, rashes she ran up the steps of her pretty home , and her conventional cavalier, went on his. way attended by some gloomy thoughts. \- "Too deuced much of a family party he murmured to himself: "I'll look like a nice chump sitting opposite her husband and knowing that every word 1 I say to her he will have a right to think 'is one of love — men have let women make asses of them before this, but for consummate. donlieyism, I take the cake." and he turned into his club, from whence, several hours later, he emerged, as his man aptly put it when he was en deavoring to get" off his boots, "in a beastly state of inebriety." "My dear, I really think your engagement dinner will be a tremendous, sucsaid Charlie Vane, as he peeped into his wife's dressing room the evening next prior to going down to the drawing itoom, where Elsa. was already: awaiting her hostess, - lier position of family friend allowing her to arrive quite early and naturally ahead of Jack, who, you may be sure, was not going to run the risk of a mouvstise quart d'heiira en tete-a-tete with his host. "The flowers are particularly lovely; Iehosa- them myself and I ordered Tompkins to .bring out of the cellar those, special bottles of Margot we were going to keep for our- .10th- anniversary. Of course, they will not be ueeded then, and I thought as there would probably never' again occur more festive occasion in our joint career, that they might as well be used up in bumpers to the health of the future Mrs .Jack Mills. "How sweet of you," smiled Alice over her shoulder, from her position in front of the .cheval glass, where she. was adjusting a cluster of lilies, of the valley amid the fluffy chiffon of her decoiletage but somehow the" -Words lacked enthus--' iasm. "I honestly believe he- is glad t get rid of me," she thought after he had closed the door and the soft tread of his footsteps on the polished staircase an-- nounced that he had gone below. 6tairs How handsome he looked to-night. It: is'funny I never noticed how really distinguished he is in appearance. To be downright honest, if he weren't my hus- -band, I would thin': he were handsomer' than Jack. Oh, pshaw! What a sily idea. Dear Jack, how sweet of him "to send me these lilies, Charlie has forgotten all about doing those nice little things; I wonder when Jack, and I are married if he will forget, too. It will be rather amusing to compare the two. Charlie will be lonely without me, I suppose, but then he may marry again. Nonsense.. Who would he marry? Poor old chap, he isn't a marrying man. He ought never to have married me. He Is too conventionally prosaic," and with this jumble of thoughts in her pretty brown head she tripped downstairs to receive a sudden and unexpected shock In the confusion of the couple upon whom she burst unceremoniously. Elsa and her husband, 'with heads dangerously near together, were bending over a great bunch of violets, which at a glance. Alice could see were the proper accompaniment for Elsa's dead white gown. "How lovely of you to remember that violets were my favorite flower," Elsa was saying as Alice noiselessly pushed the velvet portiere aside. 1 "How could I .ever. forget anything that concerned you?" came the ardent response from Charlie, as he looked into her eyes in a way men have when they mean more than they say. This unusually gallant speech, coupled with the evident confusion her entrance occasioned, caused Alice for a moment to lose her own self- possession, and, if the truth must be told, brought into her heart a sort of uncomfortable feelin that she would halve indignantly repudiated as jealousy, yet which was much more dangerously akin to that sentiment .than any she had ever experienced heretofore. The lilies that Jack had sent her somehow did not appear to be as fragrantly lovely as the violets Elsa was wearing, and the empresse manner with which he greeted her a moment afterwards affected her in a peculiarly un pleasant fashion. The quarter of an hour .before dinner was not altogether cheery interval. It never is. But on this occasion one member of the quartette was undoubtedly distrait, and all Jack's whispered compliments,which formerly made her heart beat high, were quite lost on Alice, who, while appearing to enjoy the unusual festivity, was listening with strained ears to the low conversation indulged in by her husband and friend. Later, at dinner, Charlie's gaiety, his undoubted light-heaxtedness, his attention to Elsa, and his natural allusions to the "happy pair," met with no enthusiastic response from the pretty, white-robed" fiancee, who toyed idly with one course after another, and was EO absolutely rude to Jack by the time the rare old Margot was served, that for the rest of the dinner he paid his at tention to it instead of to. her, with the result that when coffee, and cordials ap peared he was not altogether the debonair lover whom she had thought it . so lovely to exchange for the prosaic husband. The latter, on the contrary, had never been so -brilliant without being hilarious. He jested, he paid courtly compliments t© Elsa, he rattled over gay little anecdotes in a fetching fashion, Elsa and Jack repaying him by appreciative laughter and repartee, the while Alice sat glum and silent, a veritable little sad-eyed ghost at the banquet. In ; fact, he was eu model host, whose,demeanor was in strong contrast to that of the guest who had been invited to the engagement dinner with his wife, and Alice, little by little, monient by moment, realised the " mistake her own. false idea of life had led her into making, atid with pride battling with tears for the mastery, she drank her chartreuse at one gulp, the staid butler gazing In amaze ment at an exhibition which heretofore had never been- noted in conjunction with all the dining and wining that had . gone on under this roof. Again in. the drawing room Chariie" proposed a little music,-but Alice, who lind heretofore always been: most ready to oblige either by-singing or with a gay little jingle on :the banjo, now offered a, "headache as her excuse for not complying with her husband's request, -and the party broke up at an unusually early hour. Jack unusually somnolent, while Charlie and Elsa were indulging in a orotracted farewell interview, which Alice inwardly declared to be in "horri bly bad form." Poor little woman, her new engagement didn't seem quite so ro mantle to heir as she dragged herself wearily to the. violet-scented boudoir from which she had descended in joyful mood earlier In the evening-. Her niaid, noticing the abstraction of her mistress, was.• unusually feolicitous, but- received only the Shortest and curtest replies from the white-robed girlish figure seated in despondent attitude before the long cher val glass. "Go, Annette; I won't ned you any more to-night," she said, when at last she was wrapped in the becoming pirik negligee that even unobservant, prosaic Charlie had declared "fetching. Perhaps it was because her husband had noticed it that she-had told th? maid to wrap her tn it, in preference to the violet one lying- on the satin-draped bed. - Perhaps she was thinkingof him at that very moment, ae it was with a very guilty start ihat she replied " eome in" to'the familiar rat-a-tat-tat that announced his coming to say "Goodnight" 1 ' "Oh, Charlie, is that you?" she fcegan nervously. "Of co-ji-ee it is—did you take'me for ? a burglar?—you look as ivhite as a ghost." . . . .. " I don't feel well," with a wan little smile. "I think the dinner was tooheavy and the scent of the flowers too much. It wasn't a vet-y gay dinner; was it?" she added pathetically. "Oh. didn't you find it so? I never enjoyed one more. : The novelty of it, you know, and then I never knew before what: capital company Elsa can be—but I am forgetting. " Knowing that-to-night-- we were formally to renounce each other I m.ode up' my mind that the dinner should not be the only thing to mark your engagement so I just ran down to a lawyer's and secured this little paper , that I think will act as the very best se dative; to your nerves." And with a careless air, which ^hilled poor Alice to the heart, he tossed into her Tap a very legal . looking document on which . one word, as it appeared to her In blacker in - than all the rest, stood forth in cold, uncompromising distinctness — *" Divorce." . "Oh. Charlie—what is it?" " Our separation .paper—our decree of divorce," smiled her spouse grimly as he wandered r.bout as though absorbed in the furnishings of the room. "Pretty picture, that, very Frenchy. Where did you get it?" " Divorce," gasped Alice. "Divorce, yes—why. wasn't that what you wanted? You - know ' you can't marry Jack without it unless I am dead and as much as I would like to oblige you can't promise to commit suicide—it Is against lay : besides, I may wish to enter into some new arrangement myself." "You don't mean to marry," gasped poor Alice, who now for the first time realised that to .give up Charlie would be very much harder than she had anticipated. "Well, why not?" smiled her husband; "you know that old saying, 'Sauce for the goose, etc."" , i "But don't you care for me any longer?" :• "Don't ask me, Alice. You know I am a man of ' honor, " and " you are another's * affianced wife. Do not tempt me to forget that." . "'But I am not." "But you are." . "I am your , wife; I don't wunt to be anyone else's. I have made a mistake— and—oh", Charlie, don't love Elsa. I will try so hard to be as bright as' she is. Try me again, won't you?" and the wistful voice broke as two pretty hands were held out pleadingly to him. VAllce, do you mean this—it is very conventional, you know," said Charlie in a voice he- tried hard to keep serious. "With all my heart. Try me and you will see," sobbed . Alice, and a moment after a very everyday sort of 3 woman was enseonsed on her husband's lap, happier in that prosaic position than she had ever been-in any fancied romantic situation of her butterfly existence:-" It was not until the wedding cards of Jack and Elsa were oat that Alice discovered that divorces are not bought like bonbons, and that the paper, like "Jack's inebriety, hud all been a part of a scheme concocted by her husband and friends to bring her to her senses.—"Philadel phia Times." % 