I our story. I THE PASS OF NOLAN'S I WELCOME. I | (TBy Richard Dowling, in the Weekly I Freeman.) ( Continued .) That night things were done , in Knockfin which cried to heaven for vengeance. That night things were done in Knockfin which cannot, be ;set down here ; which could not be set down anywhere oy a man witn a heart of common feeling, things which to hear of is to shudder and to '.beg of God for forgetfulness. It was daylight before the work of the yeomen was done, and it was done because the men were worn out with firing houses and killing old men and women and children — babies in arms and very old women they had found out were the easiest to kill. Besides, the men were im peded and bowed down with plunder, .and most of them were too drunk to take intelligent pleasure in further work of the kind, and one so far for got himself as to turn sick, and say ihe had tasted enough of the sport for .one night. Through the pale, gentle dawn which broadened over the kingdom of Ireland that morning ihe blood- boltered and spoil-laden yeomanry of .the King mustered in the square of Knockfin. A fourth of the little town lay in ashes, scores of its peaceful people lay in death. Captain Brown was in the best of humour. He had found it advisable to keep up his courage throughout the busy night, and now he could hardly sit his horse. He was in a genial mind, and spoke playfully to troopers about their loads of booty. He felt he . ought to make a speech ; but pru- . dence told him to forbear. So he led the troops out of the square to wards Millbirook without a word. The men were too tired to sing . as they rode along the highway. They did not indulge in much talk. They had little in their bemused minds which they cared to speak out. It was more than doubtful if the . events of that night would ever form a source of pleasant conversation to them. There was some cursing under breath at horse or bridle or saddle or weapon, or loadof plunder ; but no attempt at a joke or pleasantry. The calvacade looked more like a procession of damned souls on the march to their final quarters than a body of victorious horsemen crowned vwith. victory. All at once a loud guffaw burst -upon the ears and startled the yeo men into sharper wakefulness than a volley from hostile barrels. This sound, so horribly out of .keeping with the feelings of the little column, had come from its head. On the head of the column all eyes were fixed; some eyes in curiosity, some in amazement, most in anger. Was there among them a' miscreant so fiendish that he could laugh aloud ..after such a night ? The guffaw was followed by a long, roar of laughter from the same point of the little column. The men howled with rage. " Stop that !" yelled one fiercely. . " Who is it ?" cried another. "Shoot the in the back!" screamed a third. " Hoorah ! Shoot him !" shouted many voices. Thomas Wright, second in com mand, was riding behind Brown. Wright, who was only half drunk, turned round in his saddle, and, raising his right hand to attract the attention of the men, pointed with his left to their leader. Those who could see Brown observed that he had dropped the bridle on his horse's neck, was holding both his sides, and shaking and rolling in his saddle, so that every time he swayed from ' left to right, or from right to left, he seemed on the point of. tumbling into the road. " It's the Captain himself," whisp ered the men who could see. ".The Captain himself," echoed the others, in astonishment and dis satisfaction. Although nearly full daylight, laughter now was so hideous an outrage udod the unre- sisting dead that it called up visions of ghosts of praying women struck headless, of smiling babes impaled. A suppressed groan went from van to rear.. He who possessed flask or bottle took a big swig "and passed on flask or bottle to him who had neither. It is not always that things appear in the morning as they ap- .peared at night. Sometimes it re quires more courage to look behind you on the way you have come than to plunge into the battle-smoke in front. When the paroxysm of laughter left Brown, and he had recovered his breath, he wiped the tears from his face and eyes with the back of his hand, looked over his shoulder, and motioned Wright to ride level with him. . " Did you notice anything par ticular in what took place in the Square — I mean with respect to the burning in it ?" asked Brown. " No, except that you burnt down Peter Quirke's house, and made short work of the people in it because they could not account for young Quirke, and that you burnt down Tim O' Byrne's house, second next door, although all his family was in it." « " But I didn't execute the extreme penalty of the law on the O'Byrne or his family." u lNJfV vnn HiHn'fr hnt vrm nAorlxr might as well. Now, I wonder why you burnt O'Byrne's down." " Why, man, don't you know whose house was between the two ? Our friend, old Phillips's, the money lender and bloodsucker ! " "And his house, although he is a loyal subject, was burned down be tween the two, by accident." " By accident ! " cried Brown with pointed scorn. " And old Phillips was within an ace of being burnt .too." " Yes, yes," laughed Brown boi sterously. " Don't you see, if I set fire to Quirke's without setting fire to O'Byrne's I couldn't be sure of old Phillips's burning properly, and what did it matter about a house, more or less when my hand was in ? And if Phillips's didn't catch properly I'd not have seen the best thing I ever saw in all my life, old Phillips at the window in his nightshirt I screeching out that he'd bring down I the soldiers and the yeomanry on the insurgents who set fire to his house ; and then, when he saw we were there, calling on us in the King's name to shoot the incendiary rebels. Oh, 'twas the most comic thing I ever saw ! " cried Brown, whose speech had from time to time been interrupted by loud laughter, and who now paused to brush the tears off his face and out of his eyes. " But," he went on, " good as that may have been, 'twasn't half as comic as when he felt the boards roasting his old toes ; he tore out of the room and down the stairs and out through the burning hall into the Square, with his nightshirt flying in flaming flitterjibs about his bony old arms and legs. Oh, 'twas past every thing ! " and he burst into another long, loud roar of laughter. When Brown's laughter had died away, Wright said gravely (Wright was only half drunk) : " If I were you, Captain, 1 would not say a word of this to anyone. It's a million of times worse than the affair of the cow ; and if old Phillips hears of it there's no savins what he'll do. onlv you may be sure he'll have the worst vengeance that can be got by hook or by crook." " I don't care a d- n about old Phillips, or any one else in Knockfin, or the next town to it either. Last night I began my active part in put ting down the rebellion. I'll take . ' my orders from Dublin Castle, and I'll get my rewards there. When I'm done with this district there won't be many rebels or the makings of many rebels left in them, and then I'll go away from here for ever off to Dublin, and ride into the Castle Yard, and tell them who I am and what I've done, and they'll be bound to treat me fair, make a lord of me, even if it was only a lord bishop." He had been full, very full, of courage all the night, and he was full, very full, of courage this morn ing1. Captain Brown rested a couple of days after the night visit to the1 little town. But he did not mean to let the grass grow under his feet. There was danger in delay. Some of the half-hearted, white-livered loyalists of the district might think his mea sures in Knockfin had been too vigorous, and try to interfere with him. There was no large body of insurgents in the immediate neigh bourhood, but if he made himself prominently obnoxious to the disaf fected for a considerable time an overwhelming force of them might swoop down on him Jrom the hills. No doubt, he could get help if he ap plied for it. But help was the thing he dreaded most, for he wanted to do the work he had cut out for himself single-handed. As he saw it there was not much danger so long as it were done auicklv: the rewards ought to be splendid, and he did not mean to share them with anyone. He should deserve all, he should get all, and he should keep all. ( To be concluded.) 