SHORT STORIES. THE WOMAN WITH THE HOOD. By L. T. Meade, Author of "The Medicine Lady," "Stories from the Diary of a Doctor," "Dr. Rumsey's Patient," etc., etc. (Con'tinued.) "I will tell you something strange," I said, when Mrs. Frayling paused, "I was undoubtedly called during the last three nights. A voice shouted through my speaking tube, desiring 'me, to dome to Garth Hall. On the first night I went, feeling sure 'that I was retally summoned; since thefi'I have believed that it was a hoax." "Oh, this is awful," said Mrs. Fray ling, trembling excessively; she turned and asked me to follow her upstairs. We entered the same spacious and cheerful bedroom. Lucy Frayling was now pacing up and down in front of the fireplace; she did not notice either of us when we came in, the expression on her face was almost that of an insane person. The pupils of her eyes were widely dilated. "Lucy," said her mother, "here is Dr. Bruce." She paused when my aame was men tioned, and looked at me fixedly. Her eyes grew 'dark with anger-she clenched her hand. "You weie faithless," she. said; "she wanted you, and you would not accept the burden; you told me when I last saw you that you were glad she had turned to you, for you are stronger than me, but you are a coward." "Come, come," I said, trying to speak cheerfully, "I am here now, and will do anything you wish." "I will prove you," said Miss Fray ling, in an eager voice.; "she will come again presently; when she comes, will you speak to her?" "Certainly," I replied, "but remembelr I may not see her." "I will tell you when, she appears; I will point with my hand-I may not have power to utter 'ords-but I will point to where: she stands. When I do, speak to her; ask her why she troubles us-- promise-you spoke once, speak again." "I promise," I replied, and my voice sounded solemn and intense. Miss Frayling heaved a deep sigh of relief; she went and stood 'by the mantelpiece with her back to the fire. I sat down on the nearest chair, and Mrs. Fr'ayling followed my example. Thel clock ticked loudly on the mantel piece, the candles burned with a steady glenam, the fire threw out cheerful flames, all was silent in the chamber. 'There was not a stir, not a sound. The minutes flew on. Miss Frayling stood as quiett as if she were turned into stone; suddenly she spoke. "There is an adverse influence here," she' said. "Mother, will you go into thei ante-room. You can leave the door open, but will you stay in the ante room! foir a little?" Mrs. Frayling glanced at me; I nodded her to comply. She left the room, goring into a pretty little boudoir' tout of which the beldroom opened. I could see her from where I sat. Lucy now slightly altered her position. I saw that her eyes were fixed in the direction of another door, which opened from the outside corridor into the room. I tried to speak, to say some thing cheerful, but she held up her finger to stop me. "She is coming," she said, in a stifled voice. "I feel the first stirring of the indescribable agony which always heraids her approach. Oh, my God, help me to endure. Was ever girl tortured as I am, before?" She wrung her slight hands, her brows were knit, I saw the perspiraticn standing in great drops on her brow. I thought she would faint, and was about to rise to administer sc:me restorative, when in tdhe far distance I distinctly heard a sound; it was the sound of a woman's footsteps. It came aloing, softly tapping ,on the floor as it came; I heard the swish of a drelss, the sound came nearer, the handlle of the door was turned, I started and looked round. I did not see anybody, but inmeliately the room was filled with that sense of cold and chill which I haid twice be fore experienced. My heart beat to suffocation. I felt my tongue cleave to the roof of my mouth. I was so o'ver pawered by 'my own sensations that I had no time to watch. Miss Frayling. Suddenly I heard her utter a low groan. I made a violent effort and turned my face in her drection. The poor girl was staring straight before her as if she were turned into stone. Her eyes were fixed in the direction of the door. She raised' her .hands slowly and tremblingly, and pointed in the direc tion whsrE. her eyes were fixeid. I looked across the rcom. Was it fancy, or was I conscious of a faint blue mist where no mist ought to be! I am not certain on that point, but I know at the same moment the horror which had almost overbalanced my reason suddenly left me. I found my voice. "What do you want?" I said. "Why do you trouble us? What is the matter?" The wolrdls had scarcely passed my lips before Miss Frayling's face unlder went a queer change; she was also re lieved frocm the agony of terror which was ov-ermaste-ring her. "She is beckoning," she said, "come quickly." She sprang across the room as she spoke, and seizled a candle. "Come at once," she said in a breath less voice, "she is beckoning-come." Miss Frayling ran out of the room; I followed her; and Mrs. Frayling, who had come to the. door while this strange scene was going on, accompanied us. Miss Frayling still taking the lead, we went downstairs. The whole house was full of strange unaccountable chill. We entered the upper hall, and then turn ing to our left, went down some steep stains which led into a cellar. "Where are we going now?" asked Mrs. Frayling. "Come on, mother, come on," called Lucy, "she will tell us what to do." We turned at the foeot 'of the stairs into a low arched room with one, tiny window. There was a heavy buttress of wall here which bulged out in an un accountable manner. The moment we entered this room, Lucy turned and faced us. "She has gone in there," she said "right into the wall." "Well," I said, "now that we have followed her, let us go back-it is veiry cold in the ceillar." Miss Frayling laughe;d hysterically. "Da you think," she said, "that I will go back now. We must have this wall opened-can you do it, Dr. Beruce? Can you do it-now, this .momnent? Mother, are there tools anywhere?" "Not now, dear, not to-night," said the, mother. "Yes, to- night, this movnent," ex clainmed the girl. "Let Thompsch be called-we have not a moment to lose. She went in right through this wall and smiled at me as she went. Pobr, poor ghost! I believe her sad wander ings are nearly over." "What are we to do?" said Mrs. Fray ling, turning to me. "We will open the wall at oencee" I said. "It'will not be difficult to remove a few bricks. If you will kindly tell me where Thompson is I will fetch him." "No, I will go for him myself," said Mrs. Frayling. She left the cellar, retunning in the space of a few minutes with the man. lie brought a- crowbar and other tools with him. He and I quickly enemoved some bricks. As soon as we had done so we found an eampty space inside, into which we could thrust our hands. We ,made it a little larger, and then were able to insert a candle. Lying oh the floor within this space was a human skeldton. I cried out at the awful discovery we had made, but Miss Frayling showed neither surprise nor terror. "Poor ghost!" repeated the girl; "she will rest now. It was worth all this fearful suffering to bring her aiest at last." The discovery of the skeleton was the topic of the ne.ighbourhoad. It was given Christian burial in diue course, and from that hour to this the. ghost at Garth Hall has never appeared. I cannot pretend to account for this story in any way-no one has ever found out why those human hones were built into the old wall. The whole thing is queer and unaccountable, a pheno menon which will not be explained on this side of eternity. (Concluded.) It is estimated that the milk of 5,000,000 cows is annually consumed in the United Kingdom, an average of 251/2 gallons per year to each person. 