THE LEGEND OF THE MOAT. A TALE OF A CHRISTMAS EVE. (Copyright.) CHAPTER I. BY G. MANVILLE FENN. "oh, for shame, Ri! The dear old Lees never seemed so lovely before. Just look at the trees all sparkling with the snow, and the lawns and flower garden covered with their white tippet 9 so lovely and warm, and the frozen moat actually blaok. Cold ! Freezing! Why, I feel all of a glow. Are my cheeks red ?" "Yes, dear, and I suppose it is because your heart is warm with happiness and expectation." "And so ought yours to be, I'm sore; Roderick Hilton is quite as nice a fellow as my Bob." •« Don't, please, don't, Nelly, dear." " I must, for I can't bear to see yoo look-. ing so unhappy and glum. Come, now, reoolleot it's Christmas Eve, when we ought all to be full of comfort and joy, and all the rest of it. I used to think I loved cousin Tom desperately, but fate—l mean father— said it was quite out of the question, and that if I married at all I must have Robert Dcrwent; and what did I do? I cried for a week, blew my nose till it was quite sore, and then I behaved like a dutiful daughter. What's the consequence? I've a quiet conscience, bat I'm ready for heaps of enjoyment when Bob oomes. Now Roderick Hilton will be here before long, and why oan't yoo be the same ?" "I can't, I can't, Nelly." "• I oan't, I oan't!' Just like a persecuted heroine in a romanoe. Bat, my darling old Sis, you mast. What papa plans for ns is like the laws of the Medes and Persians. There's no getting out of it" •• Bray My no more, Nelly." " Must, Ri. Come; Roderick's a dear, good (•now. and I know he's very fond of you. He told me he loved yon dearly, and he's good looking and rioh. Why not take the good the gods—l mean papa— provide yoo ?" •< Because, Nelly, I tall you it is impossible." "It isn't." You're weak; father's strong, and yoo mast give in. I was in hopes that all that about Manas Oroyland ended when we met in London in September. Oh, what a wicked, disobedient girl yon are." "Is it wioked and disobedient to obey the dictates of my poor heart, Nelly?" "Oh my! what fine language! Tea, it is. Look there at Miriam Lee frowning down at you." The bright, piquant speaker pointed up at a half-length portrait leaning forward from the oak panelling of the grand old ball at whose window they stood looking out on the glorious winter soene of garden, moat, park, and Lincolnshire wold, and the sister started as she looked up at what might have been her own counterfeit presentment, save that it had been painted a oouple of centuries before. " It's not true," cried the latter passionately; "her (ace is full of pity and sorrow for one who is as unhappy as she was." . " You're a dear, fanciful, loving old goose," oried Nelly, flinging her arms about her sister's waist, kissing her lovingly, and then forcing her in various directions, as ' she kept on pointing 'ai first' one and then another of the old portraits in their antique dresses, whosa frames were ornamented with glistening boughs of scarlet and green holly, with pearly mistletoe by way of relief, while a monstrous bqneh of the latter depended from the great Queen Anne-date brass can delabrum swung from the open, dark oak oeiling by its great tarnished ohain. " Look, look, look!" cried Nelly, merrily, 44 they're all frowning down at you for being such an unruly girl as even to think of a wioked Oroyland, knowing as you do that the Lees and Oioylartda have always been enemies since the Black Oroyland, who went away with Raleigh, behaved so shockingly to Reston L»es by—by—l say, Ri dear, what was it be did?" Miriam shook her head sadly, and laid her soft cheek against her sister's while forehead. 44 • Yoo don't know ? Then you ought to. Oh, here's mother. Mother dear, what was it the Black Oroyland did in Quenn Elisabeth's reign?" This to a very sweet-looking, plump, gray haired lady in a dark olive-green velvet drees, half-covered with rioh lace, which matched her cap, and who came hurraing into the hall with a loud roatling sound, looking flashed and anxious, as well as warm, in spite of the keen frost. 44 Oh, that's right; I'm glad you've got a good fire. Mind there are plenty of logs on. This great draughty hall takes a deal of warming; but we'll have the great ourtains drawn at night." 44 Oh, we shall not be oold, mother dear," oried Nelly, kissing her. " Look, Ri, doesn't she look beautiful ?" 44 Hush, silly girl! But you two! There! I am proud of you, my dears; yoo look lovely; only Miriam, my darling, yoo must' brighten up now. No, no; I will not have tears. There most be no more nonsanse. Yoo know what yoor father wishes, and—— What was it you asked me as I came in, Nelly?" 44 What the Black Croyland did to the Lees in " 44 My dear child, I don't know. It was some feudal nonsense or. another; but do you think I have not enough- worry on my mind now without bothering my brains about how the two stupid old families came to be at logger heads." 44 Oh, mother dear!" cried Nelly, mischiev ously. " What would father say if he heard you?" 441 don't know, my dear, but he'd say a deal more if the lunch and dinner were not nice, and everybody's bedroom prepared as it should be. The work I have to do to get those maids to keep pood fires going!" "Oh, Ido feel bo idle, mother deer; Ri and I don't seem to have helped yoo at all." 44 For shame! You've both been very good girls with the decorations, and you were two days helping at the church. All I wanted was for you both to be nice aid ready (or the people when they came; and really, my dears, you both look look lovely!" •'You haven't seen my bands, mother; they're red as beetroot, and pricked to pieces with the holly." "Oh, never mind that, my dear. Let me see: have I been to all the bedroomß ?" "You haven't had the Bed Chamber got ready, of course?" oried Nelly, anxiously. " Well, only to have a good fire kept up in it, my dear. I made up my mind not to use that unless I was obliged. People are so stupid about such things. I'm sure I wouldn't mind sleeping there »t any time. Ah! nere's your father." Sir Miobael Lee thrust a heavy ourtain on one side, and entered upon the heavy gallery whioh crossed one end of the hall, marohed rather pompously along, and then paused, gold snuff-box in hand, at the top of the broad atairoase, where he looked thoroughly in keeping with the place—the very bean ideal of an English gentleman of the early days of George 111., iti hit well-fitting, cut-away dark-brown ooat and knee-breeches, whioh showed off the shapely legs in their glistening brown silk stockings and low shoes with steel buckles. •' Ha!" he oried, as he took a pinoh of Bnufl in the St. James's street style, closed the box with a snap, and then dusted away imaginary ■peeks from his lace shirt frill and ouffe, marching slowly down, examining everything in turn, from the point of vantage of the stain. " Capital! Might have been a little more greenery about the old armour, and a few tufts more on those stags' horns; but take it altogether, the old hall looks glorious, and I'm proud of it; proud, too, of our people, and —ham! hah! that great bough of mistletoe!" He gave his bunch of seals panging from big fob a awing as he stood frowning. "I think I'll have that rubbish down." "Mo, no, no, Miohael dear," oried Lady Lee; *£)**** don't have anything touched now. Why, it's all nioe and innocent at Christmas time. Girls like it, too." "Oh, mother!" oried Nelly. "So you do, my dear. I know I did when I was your age, though I always denied it." '•Horn! Ha!" ejaculated Sir Michael. " And at such a speoial time, too, Mionael dear." " Hum! Ha! Yea," said Sir Michael, an banding, with a genial smile; and, taking his wife's hand, be lad her gallantly beneath the pearly dusters and kissed her. "Thank you, my dear," said the lady, smiling proudly. "Yes, Miohael, love, and, though I'm an old woman, I like it now." "Now, Nelly!" The father kissed the bright little thing, who jumped up and olasped his neck to return the salute. " Oh, you wicked little puss, you'll spoil my laoe frills,". cried the father. " Now, Miriam, my darling." He took bis elder ohild's hand, drew her beneath the great bunch, and kissed her gravely and tenderly, letting bit left arm encircle her waist, and keeping it there after* wards as he looked proudly in the beautiful, sad, wistful eyes whioh gaaed up in his im ploringly. Then, turning to look up at the quaint, old-world, never-forgotten decoration, he said quietly: " Yes, it's old-fashioned nonsense, wife, but innootnt, and we'll let it stay. Miriam, my dear, a word with you." . Still keeping bis arm about his ohild's waist, he marched proudly with her to the wide mul- Honed window, the upper part of whioh was blaioned with armorial bearing* in stained glass, while his lady and h«r younger child drew together, exchanging glanoes and nods, as they went softly to the huge fire, whose logs oraokled and sparkled as the flames rushed up the wide chimney, sending a bright glow which made reflections all round the hall. '•'Just a loving fatherly word or two, Miriam, my ohild," said Sir Michael after a pompous magisterial " Hem !"—one whioh was well known to offender.* brought before tho benob. The girl's quivering lips parted to speak; but the look she received awed her into silenoe, and she stood looking up in the handsome old face imploringly. "Roderick Hilton " The girl winoed. bather father hold her tightly. '»Roderick Hilton, I say, will be here shortly." "But, father," cried Miriam, wildly. " Silence! my child. We have had all that over in tbe past, and I have told you it is im possible. Now listen to me. This is Christ mas Eve—a time of happiness and rejoicing— a time of all others when families gather in goodwill, ready to forgive all troubles of the past, with earnest loving desires for the hap piness of all in the future. Miriam, my child, you know my wishes—my commands—bat I repeat them now. I desire that you receive Roderick Hilton when he comes with all maidenly reserve, of ooorse, bat with the gentle yielding that a daughter of our anoient house jßhouid tender to the brave, manly young fellow who is to claim her as bis wife." A spasm convulsed the girl's face. "Father!" she began. " I must " " Silenoe! Not a word. Miriam. You have your duty to do, my ohild. It is our wish. Remember, Mr. Hilton expects to be considered to-day as your accepted husband. I will hear no more. It is for yonr good." " I oan hear a carnage, Michael dear," oried Lady Let. " Ha! I felt that it must be near tbe time," said Sir Miohael, releasing the trembling girl. " Don't leave the hall. Miriam, my love. But you are quite cold. Go up to the fire." She drew a deep breath, and went slowly towards tbe fireplaoe as her father looked out of tbe side of the embayed window; and as the girl drew near to where her mother and sister stood in the warm glow, Nelly caught her hand to give it a squeeze, while her mother kissed her cheek. "That's over now, my own darling," whispered Lady Lee. " Now you will be a goo J girl and do exaotly what your father wishes." Miriam Lee's eyes involuntarily rose to wards those of the beautiful portrait leaning towards her with a peculiar pitying look, and the words of the old legend came back as she had heard it year by year since a ohild— " And as they drew her from the moat, all stiff and stark, her eyes were open wide and staring, and the drops that bung upon her long, dark hair froze hard in the cruel wind till they hang around like pearls." OHAPTBB 11. "Ah, it is the boys!" oried Sir Michael; and as a postohaiße drew ap, three of the baronet's men-servants in their quaint old fashioned ooaoh- laoe liveries harried aoross the ball and threw open the wide door, ad* mitting a keen puff of air, whioh made the great heavy curtains sway, and the fire roar. The ohaise door was rattled open, and the step* down, and two young men leaped oat and hurried in, to be greeted warmly in turn by Sir Michael, who oertainly showed good taste in his onoioe of sons-in-law elect. "Grlad to see you, my lads," he oried. " Gome in, come in. See to the gentlemen's valises, Thomas, and give the postboy some refreshment. Here tney are, my dear, half perished with their cold drive. I wonder they had the heart to come." "So glad to see you, Mr. Derwent. 80 nice of you to come the long journey, Mr. Hilton," prattled Lady Lee warmly. " There! do oome to the fire, my dears." " Gold ?" said the younger of the two young meu as he shook hands with Miriam, who smiled at him rather Badly before turning to his oompanion with the wan smile dying oat. *' I feel hot," he whispered, as he took both her sister's hands. " I'm blushing, I know I am. Oh, Nelly, dear little Nelly, at last 1" "Hush! Don't!" was the reply. "Ah! but you. might tell me you're glad to see me," he pleaded. " It would be only waste of words, sir. Don't make a f usb, Bob; poor Ri is so unhappy." " Then Bhe ought to be happy, little one, for all through the drive from Lincoln I've had to listen to that chap's stilted talk about her. I say—l'm not half such a lover as he is." At the same moment Roderick Hilton, Sir Miohael's ohoioe, was making that gentleman feel proud of his selection, for he was talking to Miriam and her mother in the most coartly style. Perfectly at his ease, and evidently proud of bis position as accepted olaimant of the beautfful, pensive-looking girl's hand, he was talking pleasantly and well—deftly bring ing in remarks that appealed to all—and Sir Miotuel looked pleased as h« saw his child grow more animated, and accept the chair Hilton plaoed for her a little way from the fire, following it op by fetching a screen to place between her and the too fierce glow. " Some one else ooming, my dear," oried Sir Miohael. " We're sore to have a full house to-night, boys." " Indeed 1 I'm glad pf it, sir," said Hilton. " Are we to have a dance ?" '• Danoe ? Yes." cried Sir Miohael. " Music and mumming, and the bell-ringers. A regular old-fashioned Christmas Eve. Yes, here they oome, my dear." Sir Michael led hit lady towards the door. "Didyou ever see a handsomer pair, my love?" he said softly. " No, my dear, never," replied Lady Lee. ••But they don't seem a bit like lovers." "Pooh! Bah! Tcbab! You don't want oar Miriam to play the coquettish hoyden like Nelly. Nothi-.g eoald be better. Wait till to night and you'll see." A carriage stopped at the door—a regalar old-fashioned ooaeh drawn by a pair of heavy horses whioh worked at times on the glebe farm, and from it descended two well-grown yoang men from the rumble to help oat from inside the stoat vicar and his—well, fat wife. It was the two daughters who w«tre plump, and who would hate been plain, only they bad soon good complexions, rosy cheeks, and a general appearance of being nice. Hardly had the kissing, hand-shakiug, and congratulations came to an end, and the wrap pings without had been discarded, before another oarriage arrived, and anotner, and another—lor lunch at 1 meant at 1 precisely in the ooantry a hundred years ago ; and as the friends from miles round thawed at onoe under the hearty sunshine of their host and hostess's smiles the conversation ron*i loudly among the carved oak beams of Sir Miohael's grand old heritage, till interrupted by the soaod of the great bell, one of five in the clock turret over head. At the same moment the h-ad man in livery —for Sir Miohael kept no butler—announced lunch, and the party trooped into the fine oak panelled dining-room. "I say, Hilton, the old man does things well,"' said Derwent an hour later, as they stood to gether among the male guests back in the hall. "Yes. To my mind, Sir Miohael is a grand specimen of the Hospitable tine old English gentleman so rapidly dying out," said Hilton, rather stiffly. •• That he is," said Derwent. " It's a pity he has no son to succeed him. " Ob, I don't know," replied Hilton, with a peculiar laugh. •• He has daimhters." "Bless 'em! Yes," «aid Derwent. "Ah! I see what you mean. We're to keep it up, eh? Well, I'll do my part But long life to the dear old boy, I say. He's stiff and—er—a bit overbearing; but a thorough gentleman ; and as for that dear old girl—wait a bit, and if I don't kisa her, and. call her mother right oat, I'm a Dutohman." Hilton laughed rather ineeringly, and his companion coloured. "Oh, all right," be said ; "I dare say I'm a bit of a fool, but it's Ohristmas-time, and I'm going to open out and help the old lady to keep the thing going. I suppose we shall danoe here. " I suppose so," naid Hilton carelessly. "And the old folks will have their card games in the drawing-room. You'll help me, of course ?" "Oh, yes, I suppose so," said Hilton rather coldly. " I say, what a while the girls are! Are you sood at skating ?" "00, tidy; but it's rather nonsense to go out there on that old moat." "Nonsense! Get oat! Splendid! I'll get these two chaps of the parson's to help start some snowballing. You'll join ?" "No," said Hilton decidedly. "I shall take Miriam ap and down the moat once or twice and then bring her in. Think it'a safe ?" "If yoa don't want to be fixed to the engagement, I should say no. Too decided." "Fixed to the engagement? I asked yoa if yoa thought the moat was safe." "Oh! the moat? Safe? Yes. Two inches thick by this time. I hope they've got it swept dear of last night's snow. Oh, here they art." Quite a procession of furred and boaed and THE OLD FOSSICKEK. tippeted ladies came along the cross gallery and down the broad staircase, not' one of the most elderly hanging back. . . . >' This way,,all of you," dried Sir Michael, whose silk stodtings were covered now by top boots ; and, throwing open a door at the side, 'he led the way down the long corridor, quaint, oak-panelled, and provided with dark - old ooflers in half-a-doson windows, where they' formed seats, while half-way down there was a second staircase leading to the gallery above. Direotly after Sir Jliohael threw open a great oaken door at the end, the wind rushed in, and a broad grass-walk,- lately swept, opened out before them, leading down between, two tall and ancient Judges of well-dipped yew to a carved pedestal and sundial, and beyond to the head of a flight of stone steps, on each side of which, on dwarf- pillars, stood a great stone ball snow boond-now, but showing, when dear, traoes of meridian hoes, equator, ediptie, aod the rest. At the head of the stops grooms, gardeners, and j^mekcepers were in waiting with chairs, strips of carpet, and skates; and a very short time elapsed before the elders were caotiously promenading the slippery black ice, which rang and bent as the skaters made it ring with the rapid stroke of their irons. "Safe?" cried Sir Michael. " Why, we had all the men in a body trotting along from end to end to test it. Safe as the road." " Oh, yes," cried Lady Lee; " and I wouldn't be satisfied till they'd run the great stone garden roller all along as far as it was swept." Bat the skating did not last long enough to tire its votaries, for an alteration was ,at hand. A great veil of black olood oame sailing up from the south, borne on a mighty wind, and before the change eoold be realised the sun was blotted out, a few flakes of snow came flitting by—the avant couriers of what was coming— and a retreat was made to the great house. Before the blue sky had quite disappeared from the north ft great puff of wind smote the front, followed by a minute's silenoe, and then the short afternoon was turned into evening, the air was thidk with driving snow, borne pn the wings of a furious gale, whibh straek the house, roaring, shrieking, and rattling the win dows as if charged in fury by spirits of the storm. Direotly after all were conseioos of a peeoliar hissing sound as through what, at another time would have seemed impassable interstoece snow in the finest dost of crystals began to powder the interior ot the window* fittings, rushSd through the keyholes ot the great ball door; and powdered the mat with white., " Heaven help all poor ereaturos exposed to sack a storm as this!" said the vicar, as the party in the great hall looked appalled. " Aipen to that," oried Sir Michael. " Why, wo shall be jregolarVy snowed op it it keeps on. The snow'sAUndiagv Look at that! The air is fall of it. Twoaldn't cross the moor now tor What's that?" The heavy hanging handle of the outer door was wrenched, and the latch raised to fall with a dick, but the door was fast, and directly after oame a heavy thumping delivered by a fist. Sir Michael and Derwent roshed to the* door together, the former slipping the bolt that had been fastened and raising the latch, when both men were forced back by the violence of the wind, which drove the door soddenly. open; there Iras a rush of fine last, wbjeh oame in a dood, and in the aide* thereof a white figure staggered in; stoodjat a moment aa if ttanned* and then tamed qsiekly to help tba.others thrust to and rebate* the door. "Ah!" cried the figaro, taking off its hat and shaking the snow free* the overburdened doak, "I bdieve if I had five hundred yards more to oome I could never have reached the boose.. It to the most awful storm I was over In." •• Sir Mar** Oroytend!" cried Sir Michael, who looked stunned. " Tes. I suppose I look-like something else. I apologise, Lady Lee. A most unceremonious entrance, but I was beginning to feel that I eoold do no more," There was a dead silence in the hall for a few moments, and than Sir Michael eajd gravely.: ... - " Will yon-be good enough to step this way, sir?" ■ .' ' '.<; * "Yes,- thank you," cried the newcomer. •• I feel that I am not fit to tftand hcie&V; »v Sir Michael ceremoniously led the wey tothe library aod rang the ball, . - ' ~ "This is most unfortunate, ear," said Sir Michael sternly. "Yes, but it does not matter now. Who oould have anticipated such a fearful storm. Coming on so suddenly, too." -- •"' Just at that moment a piteous howl came root outside the window. "I was not referring to 4he storm, Sir Marcus, bat to your presence here." " My presence here, sir ?" "Yes, sir; it to as painfol as it is unex pected." "You rang, Sir Michael?" "Yes; take this gentleman's hat.oloak, and boots, and bring in that wretched dog." " Into the house, Sir Michael ?" •' Yes, yes," oried the baronet impatiently. " Do you think it's fit for a dog to be out?" The man left the room, and the unwelcome visitor hdd out a letter of invitation which he took from his breast. Sir Michael looked aghast. "A mistake, sir; a mistake," he cried angrily. "After what has passed, do you imagine that I should invite yoo here. A Croyland, too." " There is such a word as forgiveness, Sir Michael, for others' deeds, And a child's happiness." "Silence! sir. Not a word of that You know it is impossible. My child is now yonder with her betrothed." "Ha!" ejaculated the fresh comer, thrusting back his wet, dark hair, and drawing himself up to look proodly in the frowning eyes which cased as! him so sternly—a handsome manly fellow of eight-and-twenty or thirty; and at last Bir Michael's eyelids fell for a moment, and then they rose, and he spoke quickly. "The storm is frightful, Sir Marcus," he ■aid; and then, with the ghost of a smile, "not fit for a dog to be oat Yoo arc here throogh some error, sir; the first Croyland who has entered these walk for nearly 300 jean. Too are a gentleman, tir; as I hope I am. Kindly accept my hospitality at. a stringer." •- -.:-. Bur Mareos bowed, and was silent. - ♦ As soon as yoo are ready, we wUHttJQin my friends." "Urn ready now, Sir Michael." The latter bowed, smoothed hi* ooontenanec, and led the way back into tbe-btil, where their appearance was the signs 1 for a dead silence. "Sir Mareos Groyland has had a narrow escape in this terrible storm, my dear," said Sir Ifiohael. MHe has been driven here by stress of weather, and he has consented to aooept our hospitality for the night* Gome, oome, good people," he cried, "never mind the storm; it ought to help to make the fire side seem more oheery. Everyone most help, for we shall get no amusement from outside. Oome, girls, boys, the old house is too strong to give way to twioe as strong a gale." CHAPTER lIL "Like a skeleton at the feast," said Der went, a few hoars later. "He seems to have damped everything." "Why didn't he get himself baried in the snow?" snarled Hilton. " Curse the hound I I oould call him out and shoot him." "I wouldn't try it, 1' said Derwent coldly; "he looks the sort of fellow who might shoot you." '•PoohP "Poor fellow! I pity him," thought Dor went; "and I pity poor Miriam, too. What with the old folks and my beautiful brother in-law to be, she-hasn't had mooh .chance for a word with her old lover. Seems a shame for. Nelly and me to be so happy. Doesn't it ?" he said aloud, and Nelly oame up. "Doesn't it? What do you mean?" she oried wonderingly. "I was talking to myself about it being a shame for us to be so happy." "But I'm not happy, Bob. Who eoold be with Bi looking like a ghost, and father snub bing her horribly, just for speaking civilly to poor Sir Marcos." " I say: is he a nioe fellow ?" " He's perfect, all but one thing." "What'sthat—bad temper—vide?" "For shame! I quit* love him;" "NeHy!" "A* a brother," said the girl mtoehtovooaly. "He's the nioest fellow that ever lived—bat I'm forgetting mother's message." "Tome?" \ " Yes. She wants you by-and-by, when we're all sitting roond the fire, drinking negus and hot elder wine, to speak dot, and ask my father to tell us the old legend of the hooet." " Bother the old legend of the booee! Who wants stories to-night ? I want another danoe." "No, no; yon must ask him. He always likes to be asked at Christmas-time. It's a whim of bis, and ii he isn't asked he'll feel hart." " But sappose he says no ?" •• Oh, he's sore to say no, and make a fata about it, but he wants to tell it all the same. Tou must ask him. Everyone knows it, bat they'll ell back you op, and thea he'll tell it" " What to it—a ghost story t l' " Not eiaetiy. It's the story of—but you'll hew." Bobert Derwent had not long to wait for the opportunity, for soon after all were gathers* round the roaring lire, the wine was beink banded roond, and, straek by the stittncstyfip Michael went to the window, drew aside tho* certain, and looked obi, to ate that the wind had swept clear the sky, that the moon was ■ shiniog brilUesrtly, and that It was ooee nor** freeilng sharply; "Just a violent storm sweeping over*" Jfti said, as he took his Mat in the semicircle, " Here's health and a merry Christmas to all, and our prayers that no one may be the worse for the storm." The toast was drunk, and Nelly gave, he? lover a sharp look, which made him oat with the request: . "Oh, by the way, Sir Michael. it's jas* the season tor that sort of thing. I've hoard there's a legend, or something, about this old boose. I wish you'd tell it." "My dear boy, no," oried the barooci. " Some day, .perhaps, when w»Wto«etaer v I couldn't think of taking op everyone's time on * night hke this." : Tjiejre was • ohoros of All's! more pressing, >niore onwiljingness on the part of the master eitbehooae, but at last, with many apologies, :C ■■■.'■■ • ■:••■■■ . & I'm sore everyone mart be tired of it," he protested, "for I've told it these last twonty. years ot more. It's only a sort of legend of a lady of our family. That's her portrait look ing down upon us. It was said that she had a love affair with some one to whom her father and mother objected, and—and—er—dear me —t—er—really fear I've lost the thread of the old story," stammered Sir Michael, as, for the first time, it straek him that he was treading on very thin ice. "There, there, it's not worth tolling, so let it go." But a fresh ohorusof Ob's! and protests of so vehement a nature arose that the host grew desperate, and went on: "Well, it was like that—the—cr—gentleman was forbidden the house, and the lady was told that she was never to speak to the gentleman, and, hem! hem! like a good, obedient, loving daughter she said she would do as her parents wished, for they had chosen a husband for her." "Is the silly old idiot mad?" whispered Hilton to Derwent. " Don't know," was the sharp reply. " Ask him." "Well, but to begin tolling such a tale'as that As for you, you ought to bo kicked for asking him." "Come outside and kick me," responded Derwent fiercely; and Sir Michael went on: "One winter's night during a sharp frost, after she had gone to bed, she oame down the side staircase from that gallery there, went along the corridor to the door at the end of the house, left it open, and walked straight down the grass walk between the yew hedges right to the top of the steps where the two stone balls are, and uttering a terrible cry she leaped head foremost into the moat,-break ing the ice. When search was made for her they traced her from the open door by her footprints in the snow right to the steps, and there was the ice looking black, and they knew what bad happened. * And as they drew her from the moat all •tiff and stark, her eyes wen open wide and staring, and the drops that bong from' her .long dark hair froze hard in -the cruel wind till they hang around like pearls.'" " Whoosh!" oame a rash of iby wind as Sir Michael finished the, family legend, and the great eartainß which eat oil the front of the hall and the door were wafted out two or three feet from the floor, while a piteously tnoarnfal cry came softly to the ears of the listeners, the wind rashing up the chimney with a roar, sac oeeded by a silence which sent a shadder throagh all present. " Great heavens!" cried Sir Michael; •' that door most have blown open." "Ah!" oried Lady Lee, uttering a piercing shriek. "Miriam 1 Miriam!" All started to their feet. "Miriam?" oried Sir Michael, laming ghastly, '< what of her ?" "Gone —gone!" oried bis wife. "Oh, Michael, Michael, what have we done ?" Sir Michael tore at his throat and gased wild)y at an empty chair standing by the great eortain, and where last he had seen his obild seated. Then, recovering himself, he cried wildly: " Here, Hilton, Derwent, every man, follow fee." \- He rushed to Ihe door beneath the gallery, led -the way into the oorridor, which strook icily cold, and made for the end, to find the door wide open. "My God!'!be groaned,shuddering. "Look, look, some one. I cannot stir." ". Footprints in the mow," cried Derwent. "Of two people—a man s and a woman's ?" cried Hilton. " No; only one person's, and they are very deep." "{Juick, down to the moat," oried Sir Michael; and, taking the lead once more, he plunged toroagh the deep snow, following the footprints down to the stone steps whereon* of ihe stone balls stood oat dear of the snow, while right in front was a black patch where ihe ioe had been broken, and the fragments floated together. "The old story! The old story!" groaned Sir Michael. "She knew it—she knew it. What haw I done!" "Stop!" roared Hilton fiercely, "there's some triakrhere. If anyone had jumped on to ihe ioe it would not have broken. Ab, that's it! Where's that other atone ball ?" Every eye was tamed to the place when it had stood, biff il'waa gone. Sir Michael fferacd in a weary, helpless way to Hilton, as if ready to cling to any straw of *It is a blind—a trick," cried Hilton. " Who**! seen this Sir Marcos Oroyfaad ?" / "Hal* cried Sir Michael, flashing back into life and action. "Mo one has seen him,of coarse," continued Hilton, who almost foamed. "A trick—aa elopement." "Nonsense!" cried Derwent; "there are only the footmarks of one person." « That is false," said Hilton. "Bone one else has stood there, earned and act down while the stone was thrown on to the ice to gain time." "Then there would be footsteps farther on," cried Sir Michael, who stepped down on to the snow- covered ice, skirted the black-looking bete,,closely followed by Hilton and Derwent, the- former of whom ottered a shoot as he saw •the deep footprints on the far aide going right tiptt; the moat. \- Sir Michael seemed to have grown suddenly twenty years younger, as he hurriedly followed the plainly-marked trail in the bright moon* light to where, at an angle, it tamed off in another direction. There the bank had been climbed, a stretch of open ground crossed, awl directly after they oame to where the snow had been trampled by horses, and wheel-tracks ran off towards the park gate. "Here, quick! The stables!" cried Sir Michael; and, leading the way, he shouted to the grooms and coachmen, who bad been aiding in the search. The men ran on. Lights were fetched from the servants' ball, and in a few minutes the stables presented a busy scene, and three horses were saddled, whips were fetobed, and Sir Michael, Hilton, and Derwent mounted, the boots sounding doll on the paved yard. They made at once for the carriage drive, trotted through the park, and then, once on the road, the old man led at a good banting gallop, and bis companions followed in silence, with the grotesque shadows of the party mingled and looking almost black upon the snow. Not a word was spoken, but Hilton mattered an oath, as be tamed to his companion, and pointed with his banting crop at where, plainly seen La the white road, were rats of carriage wheels deeply indented, and the prints of hoofs, evidently of four horses having gone along at a canter. Derwent was halt disposed to shoot and call Sir Michael's attention to the fact, bat he felt thai the old man would have seen, and he rode on in silence, growing more and more excited as the keen frosty wind whistled by his ears, while the horses snorted and increased their speed. At last Sir Michael turned in his saddle and ■hooted back: "They can't have been gone long, and they're making for Lay Oastle, where they'll change horses. We shall overtake them before they get there." "I doubt it, sir," cried Hilton. "Don't doubt," cried Sir Michael, "bat ride, and when we overtake them, you go straight for that scoundrel, and shoot him. Do you hear! Shoot him. Ton have pistols ?" "No, sir." " What! Ton did not bring pistols ?" "No, sir," cried Hilton savagely; "did you?" " Humph! No; I forgot. Did you, Der went?" "No, sir." "Never mind. We're armed with right," cried Sir Miebael. "Seise the cowardly dog and break his neck instead. Thief, robber, treacherous hound! There, don't talk, boys. Bide—ride!" "Bah!" growled Hilton to his companion as they tore on, " who started the talking ? Look here, Derwent, you are not going to keep on with your engagement, are you ?" "I ? Of ooane. Aren't yon ?" "I? No; I'm going to half kill the fallow Croyiend, and then I've done with ifc" "You'll not help to get bliss Lee back?" " Not L What is she to me now?" Derwent made no reply, but rode on enjoy ing the excitement of the adventure, for the night was glorious, and the baronet's horses good, while the sharp frost kept the snow from falling beneath the Bwift animals' feet. " How well the old fellow rides!" be thought. "Ishouldn't like to be in that Oroyland's boots when the old boy catches them. I aon't know, though. I'd have done as much to get little Nelly if he had gone against me. By George I what a ride at midnight on a Christmas Eve!" In the wild exhilaration of the gallop he pressed his horse's sides, and the brave beast bounded on, tossing its head and snorting loudly, for it needed no urging, but rather a tighter hand upon the rein to oheck the desire to race abreast of its stable companion in front. Shadowing tree and snowy hedge seemed to rush by them; myriads of crystals flashed and sparkled in the moonlight, and two jets as of steam came back from the foremost horse at every respiration. " He'll have to draw rein after a bit," thought Derwent. "It's going to be a long ohase, for they had a longer start than the old man fancied. Perhaps we shan't oatoh 'em after all, and 1 don't know that I want to, for Master Hilton here doesn't show up well. Hulloa! what's that—light at a cot tage?" "Quick, my lads!" cried Sir Miohael, turn ing to shoot. "There they are in front. Broken down!" The ride had only been short after all, for at a turn of the road, where moat exposed, the snow had drifted into a wreath of which the postboyß had not been aware. Something had gone wrong—the postchaise was half over, leaning axainst a high bank, with its off-wheels in a ditoh and the nearside ones in the air some feet above the road, while as the three pursuers galloped op it was to see those of whom they were in chase standing in the snow, while the postboys appeared to have been attaching the traeeß of their team to the hinder part of the chaise, so as to drag it back out of the snow-filled ditch in which the lower wheels were wedged. Oroyland had been helping then, and had not heard the following horse* till they war* close upon him, when he darted to where the companion of his flight was standing wrapped in a long cloak, ready to defend her at any The next minute the panting and snorting horses were pulled up on their haunches, aad the. two yoonger men imitated the action of their elder, as he sprang from his saddle and called upon them to follow. " You dog! You villain I You trickster t" he roared. " Miriam, you shemejess creature,. stand aside, or I shall forget myself, and strike you, too." Miriam's answer waa to throw herself in front of her companion, who was straggling to wrest something from oat of the chaise pocket. " You hear me ?" roared Sir Miohael, as the two postboys stood steadying their horses and looking on. "Now, Derwent," cried Hilton fiercely " never mind his pistol, come on." "Stand back!" shouted Oroyland, as he stood at bay in the snow, his arm about Miriam's waist, and making a barrier of the plunging horses and the overturned chaise. " Shoot the dog where he stands," roared Sir Miohael. " Miriam, girl, oome here." Hilton and Derwent stepped forward after a moment's hesitation, and then stopped, far Oroyland's pistol elioked. " I have warned you," he cried. •• This lady is my wife, Sir Michael. Call those bullies beck." "It is a lie!" cried Sir Miohael furiously. ••Miriam, this is not true ?" "It is true, father," she said softly. "This is my husband. You cannot part as now." Sir Michael's voice shook, as he said in a choking yoioe, whioh faltered as he spoke: " Is this true, Oroyland—an honest marriage with raj child ?" "True an that God hears my words this wondrous night. Ah 1" he cried, as from the distance the turret dock began to chime from the hill a couple of miles away; and then dearly on the frosty air the hour of midnight came loud and deep. " Ohristmas Day—the day of love and hope for all. Sir Miohael, this is no time for these," aud he threw his pistols at the old man's feet. " Sir Michael—father— these four months past have I been your son. This is my wife, but she is still your child. It is the time for forgiveness now. We ask it kneeling at your feet." The young people sank in the soft snow, and a curious choking gasp escaped from the old man's lips, as ha stood there in the fall moon light, looking dased and strange. " The son of a long line of enemies," he muttered. " Married —my daughter —my son——" "Father!" cried Miriam, as she clasped his knees. Sir Michael ottered a hoarse cry, and snetohed her to his breast. " Miriam, my darling I" The next minute his hand was gently laid on Oroyland's head. "Yes," he said hoarsely; "after all these years—then the old feud is dead—my last enemy has gone. Mr. Hilton," he continued, turning to where the young man had stood. But there was no reply, only the dull rapid beat of a horse's feet as the stout hunter was urged to a gallop. "Ha! Gone!" said Sir Miehae), with a sigh of relief, as Oroyland rose from where he bad knelt. " Derwent, my dear boy, yoo have nothing against us. My dear wife is waiting, broken* hearted, at home. Poor Nelly, too. She was crying pitifully. Mount and gallop back. Tell them, my lad, that all is well, and that it is not late yet, and that—that—we're coming— and that it's Christmas morning, and—and peace and goodwill; and—ah !" he groaned as he began to totter, " found—and safe. Thank God—thank God!" He would have fallen insensible, hot Croy land caught him in his arms and bore him to the carriage—weak now as a child. 