THE ONLY POSSIBILITY OF UNION. (Concluded from Last Week.) Now, in this adorable Name, lifted above every name, mark that there is one binding force in the midst of . the divided nations and peoples. It is slowly bringing the nations together, but I cannot dwell upon it. Especially, it's the one and only possibilty of union and united labor in the Church of Christ. Names are mighty, both in dividing men and in uniting them, but far mightier than uniting there, welding them into one man, making their hearts throb together as the heart of one. An army is consolidated by a name, and multitudes clasp hands in brotherhood under, the magic of a name. Differences and disputes, class distinctions and envies, moral and intellectual barriers, are swept aside like a filmy web by de votion to a Name, and this Name "is above every Name," surely my brethren, we are all feeling this — all Christians, at least — in that sense of unity which is taking masterful posses sion of us. Whence has it come? Surely it is because the Church lias been of late persistently lifting the Name into pre-eminence — I mean lift ing it above every sect, party, school of thought, system, creed, and creed makers, and theologies, even because the Church is feeling again, as in the apostolic days, the transcendent power of the Name. It is because of that that there has come into every branch of the Church a profound longing, a sigh like the groaning of a new creation —a desire for oneness. The lifting up of the Name and the longing for one ness are cause and effect; and that which has produced the longing will inevitably bring about the grand realis ation. Everything else, my friends, I think, divides. Creeds divide; it is the Name only that unites. If, in the midst of all the tumult of differences, you say — "What think ye of Christ?" there will first be the hush of a great awe and a shamed silence, and then all voices will break forth in one glad, har monious confession. "He is the Way, the Truth, and the Life; He is all and in all; He is the chief among ten thou sand and the altogether lovely;" and we shall be all one when we all realise that He is the End of all desire, tlie Crown of all hope, the Sun of all faith, the Centre and Soul of all worship, the one furnace fire of love, kindling love in all, the one adorable Being, Whose Name is so far above every name, of sect and party, that to mention them in the same breath is an irreverence. We shall all be one, indeed, as soon as we make it the great object of our en deavor not to preserve and exalt our own function; phases, and dignities, not to push, our views into prominence, not' %i even to multiply and magnify our own " ' churches; but to get His power felt, His ? will ddne, His healing and salvation spread. His all-subduing love made manifest. Then will all our home mis sion work, and our foreign mission work, too, be re-baptised with the Holy i Ghost, and with power when we have lifted His Name above everything else that we feel and hold dear, and put it where God hath exalted it — "above every name." THE GRAND INSPIRATION. Now we have here the grand inspira tion that we need for our work, in the joy that the Name, the supremacy of which we are seeing to-day, and our unquestioning belief that it will get for itself universal obedience. There is all the inspiration which the Church needs for its onward march in its fight with darkness and sin, and all the sour-" ces of prayers and longing, earnest labor and self-sacrificing zeal. My brethren, the Apostle has surely told us here the secret of his own magnificent devotion and sustained energy, and he has told us here in brief the story of all those who, with him, went forth for the Name's sake, as we read. To him to have the Name was quite' wonderful; it was more than wonderful. It was un- '' uiterably dear, a very sacrament of mystery and grace: it made his heart beat whenever he heard it; it set his lips quivering whenever he saw it; it was written upon every fibre of his be- « ing, burnt in letters of fire on every thought and emotion; it represented all that he hoped for, all that made life worth living, all possible joy here and beyond the grave; it was so sweet to ut ter it, so sweet to sound it in the ears of others, to spread the savor of it abroad, and to see eyes gleaming as they hefird of it— the power of the Name over him and them. Moreover he believ ed, and all those who labored with him believed, beyond a doubt, beyond the whisper of a fear, that this Name would and must got to itself universal power— "At the Name of Jesus every knee shall bow." It was a profound conviction em bodied in that magnificent assertion that sent all these men out to their aw ful, lonely, majestic, and apparently un successful conflict with the world that steadied them in failure and charged them, with indomitable purpose, and made their faces all aglow with antici pated triumph. They were perfectly sure that everything would yield to this. Principalities and powers, thrones and- dominions, spiritual wickedness in high places and in low places, superstitions and religions, and all moral and intel lectual and material forces, would slow ly yield to the power of the cross and sway of the Name. Tnese two things, the sweetness of the Name to tliem, and their conviction of its irresistible power in the world, made them preachers, workers, missionaries, made them feaiv less, enthusiastic, fervent, untiring, per sistent, and gave them their victory over the world. And, my brethren and sisters, we shall all share their sympa thies and thoughts and purpose and con fidence, too, to the very full so far as we have grasped, as they have done, the im port of the Name. First, oh first, is It a power in your own hearts Do you believe it yourselves? How much is it to you?— Is it true as you often sing — Sweeter sounds than music know?, Cliarm me in Emanuel's name? Is it true as you. often repeat — Nor heart can sing, nor tongue can frame Nor can the memory find A sweeter sound than Thy blest Name, O Saviour of mankind? Is it dearer to you than all the names of pomp and splendour and human ambi tion ? Is it dearer — I am afraid to ask it, yet it ought to be — than mother, wife, and child? Does it suggest to you all that is best in life? Is it a name that you would willingly suffer for and rather die than deny? Would your memory lose its most precious treasure if this Name were gone? Would your hopes fail and sink out like some flickering lamp burnt down to its last drop of oil if this Name were forgotten? Would all the world grow suddenly dark, and something shoot through your hearts as if they were about to break if this Name were lost? Does it mean that to you ? And it means all that to thousands.Then you will want to say not in rhetoric, hut in sober seriousness, and not in passing gusts of emotion, but with an abiding purpose, My gracious Saviour and my God, Assist me to proclaim, And spread through all the earth, abroad. The honor of Thy Name. And do you believe as the Apostle de clared there, and as the 'Apostles be lieved, because it would have been the utmost treachery to their Lord to doubt it, do you believe, as every devout Chris tian must believe, that this Name will have unquestioned and absolute sover eignty and supremacy in this world, that it willno longer continue to divide the ' world as it does now with other forces — . the forces of darkness and sin and other masters, but will possess, as it already claims, the "whole? Do you believe that every other name, though revered and honored by millions now, will belowered that this may he all in all? If you be lieve it — I will not insult your faith by saying "if" — you do believe it. For woh that has any part in this Name can ever abate one jot of that mighty hope and assurance? You are false to His Divin ity and you make playthings of all His promises if. you talk of -that with bated breath and whispered humbleness. Your faith is only a trembling apology if it fancies that other masters and other powers will continue for ever to divide the world with your crucified.. arid risen Lord. And your alleglaace to Him is . ' . ijKnot worth the breath that expresses It youclaUa for him the coming JSmaBtery bV&p-tivery; heart andcrownHira WMhr/l of. AH. And if you believe that IISjiEnyou will pray for it. You will do lpB6mething more, you wilt labor to make fp-'your prayers effectual. You will speed mt on, you will thank God for every sign if of lis coming nearer, you will have a f profound interest in every assault made ft upon that kingdom of -darkness which It girds around the kingdom of our Lord. |" You will need no urgent" and reiterated |- appeals such as are made at collection times, and such as weary the man who has to make them to bring out your f . measured and stinted sympathy and £- support. Your hearts will be tilled with i-.the saving compassion of Christ; you I , will be at least touched with the fire and jS? fervour which sent the workers f-;_ down into the slums of the city and the |i missionary out to his life of loneliness .and cross-bearing, and you will have a live and large part in that grandest aim and object of every live church, the ki hope of the time when the Name shall 7 have brought music to every heart as it has to yours, and where every knee shall bow under the thralls of its sub duing mastery. 