6LACKERY. ' Bat still his tongue ran on, And with its everlasting dock Set all men's ears upon the raok.' — Hudibbis. Ik oonneetion with the rearrangement of City Council billets a new clerk ia wanted for the slaughter-yards. Salary, £60 per annum, and hours from 7 till 11!! Wallace Bbownlow, the 'andBome hactor who married the buoheous Hobart barmaid, Mum Hayes, is about to retire from the hotel business at Kalgoorhe (W.A.). He is tired of making a proat of about £90 per week. At the next committee meeting of the T.K.C. Mr. Gay Boy Somebody may ex pect to be inflicted with a dose of Pale Pills for Pure People. The ticket* of two fashionable demi-mondeB were care fully checked at the gates as a lead to the obliging donor. The Patriot ia responsible for this peep into Black-and Tan sassiety :— Mr. Ah Luck has got a nioe shop, a plea sant little wife, a good baeinesB, and says he is holding his own, and says it when he is nursing the new arrival, which is a short, crispy-haired angel, with a big bit of the Kanaka about it. Is a lawyer really a producer P Does he produce anything exoept his account f Tes : it is his business to communicate to commodities '? the attribute of appro priability.' That is the lawyer's pro duct. — Beacon. The Eev. Chas. Vaufthan has been un able to fit himself into the limited ' col lection plate' forthcoming from the West Coast miners. The starred-out parson was as one time the most popular curate of Hobart, being attached to Trinity Church. He goes to Adelaide. Tbe landlord of Hobart's swell bagnio boasts that he has been a oonntant com municant of the Congregational Churoh for the last 40 years. Recently when accused by a blunt friend of enjoying the wages of sin, the 'whited sepulohre ' replied that the police had informed him that his lady tenant waa a moet respect able woman ' of her class.' The Clipped. wonders if his parson oonours. The late Bishop Selwyn was one of the popular brand who didn't pose as an angel sans wings. Travelling on one of the intercolonial steamers, in order to save shocking the norves of Mother Grundy, he retired to the engine-room for a quiet smoke, wherj, finding himself without a match, he asked the ship's boy to oblige. The youngster obeyed with 'respectful' alacrity by running up on deck and yelling out, ' Hurry up, there, can't you ; here's the bishop oussin' and ewearin' and sayiu' thete ain't a match on the 'ol« blarsted ship 1' It has been openly alleged during the pabt month that some fruit inspectors are not doing their duty, that favoritism is rife, and that a new Fruit Diseases Act and honest administration thereof is very badly wanted. Though there is always a natural tendency on the part of sufferers by the 'raragns of pests to ' blame the other fellow,' Thr Ciifpek has stacks of proof that the preBunt method of dealing with the fruit trouble is miserably inefficient. In the interests of fruitgrowers, this paper is shortly go ing round with a meat axe. President ' Goldboq ' M'Kinley is about to achieve undying fame as the only man who has ever been honored by a ufe-Rize statue of solid gold, 'the sculptor of the proposed statue is F. D. Higby, whose statue of Miss Ada Eehan in solid ftilver was exhibited at the Chicago Exhibition. While Mies Behan's silver counterpart, however, cost jBH.OOO only, the President's statue will cost at least .6200,000, and contain more than a ton of gold, The secretary of the Melbourne Ei'ht Hours Anniversary Committee invites the Hobart Trades Council and the Ho bart Eight Hours Committee to attend the Victorian demonstration on April 21&t; next. This comes as a reminder of the days that used to be, before the workers of Hohart chose disorganised poverty in pref9rence to organised well doing. Let uh hope that Tillett has gal Yanised the unions into life again, and that Hobart toilers will no longer leave themselves open to the attacks of their organised opponents. The Mt. Lyell Co. levy a ninepenuy rate on all their employees, for hospital and dootors' expenses*. It works beaut.i fully-r-for the dootors, who, enjoying the patronage of tbe CO., never fail to say anything too strong against the hygienic arrangements. They al60 show less anxiety to warn workers that working constantly seven days a week in the con centrators means death, A special fea ture of the big oo.'s philanthropy is, when a man falls sick his olftco is at once filled and no provision is made for his re-employment. Sickness being thus penalised, the wretched wage slaves stick to their graft until they are about ready for the undertaker. Is it criminal libel to ask a young lady if her father was a batohelor— of heart* P Scotch jokes are so few that they are constantly recurring. Here's one sent by a CLirpEB correspondent as 'quite new :' For absenting himself from his hired service, a Scotch farmer's boy waB asked by the magistrate why he ran away. ' Weel,' said the boy, 'thaither da; a sheep deed, an' I had to help eat it. A few days after that a calf deed, an' I had to helpeattbatalBo. Then the gude wife deed, an' I waB sent to tiio store for salt. I thooht it was time to gang I' First rhymer: A bunoh of flowers, a book or two, A little billing, a little coo, A little coming and going till They reach tbeohtiroh sod say 'In til.' And that ends it. Second ditto: You're wrong, young man, yon surely are, Tou've worked that rhyme one line too far; That ends the thing P Oh, no it don't, For ooming home she eays ' I won't I' And tbat begins it. Clippbb poet : One more verse wanted for the middle, For whioh the lawyers play the fiddle ; First nisi then an absolute Can break the cause of tbe dispute— And that mends it ! Mb. Pullman, the American million aire, ban displayed in the mode of his burial an eccentricity whioh he never exhibited during life. His coffin, whioh is hermetically sealed, iB covered with an inch of asphalt. Around this steel bands are stronely bolted, and the whole is then embedded in concrete. 'Che coffin lies thus in the centre of a solid mass of Bteel, asphalt, and conorete, thirteen feet long and eight feet wide. ' Guess they got him,' as the Yankee said when he saw Nelson's tomb at West minster Abbey. Pullman evidently doesn't want to be disturbed in Mb sleep by the cries of the foodless and father less, and desires also to be out of the way of the ghosts which haunted him when on earth amassing his millions. The echoes of the clods that fell upon his coffin hare scarcely died away, and yet more earnest, heartfelt, eulo gistic tributes to his memory have al ready been expressed by men of all classes and every shade of political opinion than were ever bestowed on any military hero who has graced the planet, and when the names of proud kings and ambitious warriors shaU have been for ever lost in the sea of eternal forgetful ness, that of Henry George, the Philoso pher of the nineteenth century, the martyr to a principle as undying as eternal truth, will continue to gild with glory the historic page. His heroio un selfishness will be sung by poets, and his fame proclaimed by orators through all the ages of the future down to the eventide of time. — J. W. Dutton. Wanted : an owner for a bike. At a cottage up Waterworks Road way the housewife sent her daughter to the creek for a bucket of water. In consequence of what the girl saw amongst the shrubs at the watering place, she ran back and told her mother a story that routed the Celtic ire of that virtuous lady in double quick time. Arming herself with a broom or something, she sailed down to the creek and violently disturbed a loving couple for ' makin' a lovers' walk of a dacent wo- man's garden.' Juliet fled in one direction, and Romeo scratched gravel in quite another. Of course Romeo wasn't to be captured by an old lady, however virtu- ous, and the pursuer had to give up the chase. On her return, covered with perspi- ration and flushed with right ous indigna- tion, she found, reposing gracefully among the bushes at the watering place, a tame bicycle. Acting on a neighbor's advice she captured the machine and led it off to the nearest police station and gave it in charge for having no visible owner. Now, is anybody going to claim that jigger ? A ' oood ' trade is done in the impor tation of Australian girls into Singapore. Advertisements in the daily papers set forth that a young lady is wanted as bar maid, experience not necessary, 40s per week. Applicants are told that their tares will be paid, and that the ' young ladies ' are expected to make themselves nice and are supposed to be refined and educated, as the hotel for whioh they fire to engage is one of the best in the city. On arrival at Singapore the girls are in. traduced to drinking saloons and instructed in the wiles and wiokedness of forcing trade: When the ' gentlemen ' shout for the ladies, which is one of tbe rules of these choice establishments, they are not expected to drink anything less common than liqueurs or champagne. In a recant lawsuit , in which the proprietor of the Stamford Hotel sued Minnie Burrelland Susannah Chapman, who had levanted after spending one night in the plaintiff's hotel, for 155dols. each, paB sage money from Melbourne, it was sworn that tlie two girls had been intro duced to customers as the two new Aus tralian fillies, and that it was a common thing for girls, when too drunk to walk upstairs, to be carried up to their beds by Chinese boys. How the Triabunna tragedy tails off to a farce. By a committee of the local Council 6uper. Griffiths waB the other day exonerated from all blame in con neotion with the horror. Witnesses were not examined on oath — they couldn't bn, as the committee had no power to ad minister an oath 1 Glover, tbe husband of the dead woman, was not presnnt, though invited to attend. Talk about a happy-go-lucky free-and-easy; 'tis im mense! Butt-ever, The Cliffeb con gratulates the super, and the Triabun nieson the result of the ' investigation.' Tee 300-ton, three masted fore and aft schooner, Annie McDougall, that has JuBt been added to the register list of this port, is a new departure in Tasma nia shipbuilding. She is essentially Yankee in rig and appearance. To a sailor'H eye her lines are perfect, with a keen clear entrance. She carries a grace ful shear aft to her beautifully modelled elliptical counters and stern. Smartness is added by the equal height of the three maBts. All latest improvements and patents are noticed in her deck fittings and rigging. The Annie McDougall should not only ptove an excellent pea vebBel, but there must be very few, if any, vessels of her size and olasB in Aus tralian waters able to show her a clean pair of heels in a stiff breeze on the wind. The Btart of an eclipse To a eeoond is foretold, The time the red sun dips, Heat to come, or oold ; But scientific chaps Are quite unable, still, To tell the starting time Of one email bilious pill! The Nimble Shilling Concert Co. an nonnce a special holiday attraction for Eaeter Monday night at the Temperance Hall. There is no need to say anything about the programme. The mere announce ment is enongu to guarantee a good house. Last Monday night's entertainment at the Temperance Hall succeeded in drawing a orowd hungering and thirsting for healthy enjoyment at chenr rates. The Oook Brothers gained considerable ap plause, Miss Vivie Keeling eang ' Love's Serenade ' nicely, and MUs Ethel Pearson was all there iu ' Sweetheart May.' Some ot the other performers were very so-so; Bandmaster Bates' cornet solo was toler able; had it been shorter it would have been sooner over. The usual number of sixpenny hoodlums were in noisy evidence. 