Wot Always to the Strong. BY ETHEL TURNER. /' (COPYRIGHT.) Dora lay In her small white bed with wake ful eyes staring at a ladder of white beams the summer moonlight bad worked upon the celling. A few feet away was another white bed and another small girl occupant, who, how ever, saw only dream moonbeams, as befitted the tender ngc.of 8, at 11 o'clock. Further awny still was a wide cot, where among the tossed clothes in lov'ely sleep lay two chubby, cherub boys of 2 and 3 — JImmic and Jack. . A door nt the end of the room led Into nno- ther bedchamber, where n nightlight flung a timid brightness on the gloom. And up and down, up and down on the China matting went the soft, regular tread of bare feet. And on and on, . on and on went the low - crooning song that seemed to have no be ginning and never reached an end — a song wi.th an odd, mournful, soothing cadence running through It nil the time, though the words were almost merry ot times, and the melody changed frequently. Often there wns a little walling accompa niment to it, but the persistence of the gen tle singing, and the soft tread of feet, made - It dlo away till only a sleepy sob or ldng- drawn sigh made other sound in the room. Jack and Xleta used often to wake and lie open-eyed -a little time. in the wurni dark ness .of the night hnd "feel glad and com forted at the sound of .the low tender voice and soft moving feet over there where there was just light . enough .to sec' shadows. And Jlnmile woke too rsometliues; hut he-had a queer, little complex soul,, for all. his rosy cheeks mid surprising appetite. The sound used often to fill his heart wltli melancholy, - and make him cry under the clothes, though why, ho had liotMhe slightest idea. Only Dora carped at it. She1 was a strange, sharp, little being of twelve; oven tlio aunts who worshipped the chubby hoys and merry Metii, and the twin babies, could not bring themselves to love her warmly, though they tried conscientiously. She had been precocious all her life, hut what was pretty nnd surprising ill her when .she was four or live hnd become at twelve quite an infirmity. The friends of the family called her au "objectionable child," and were quite afraid to say anything either to her or before her. When they came to the house they petted and played with the other children, and avoided her as much as they could, mak ing few remarks to her. Sometimes the little girl noticed it, and used to make her self miserably unhappy about It. "Docs Mrs. Mayhon only, like boys mamma?!' she asked, when her sharpness hnd observed once the rebuffs she had met with at this visitor's hands. "Oh, no," the mother snld, unguardedly; "slie Is far fonder , of girls. She said she would give the world if Xleta were her very own." Dora looked over lo little sunny-faced Metii. "Why doesn't she like me?" she said; anxiously. : "Then the mother wns confronted again with the problem . that was. beginning to worry her., "How do yon know she doesn't, my daughter?" slie snld. Dora flung hack lior .brown, straight halt In her- peculiarly expressive way. ' "Oh,' I know," she imlfi. The mother looked anxiously at the sharp - little face. "Perhaps you didn't make yourself as agreeable to herons Xleta did," she said. : "Mctn didn't do - anything," Dora con tended, "anything nt all; she just snt on licr knee nnd showed her that old Mary Ann doll,of her's,. and kept bothering her to tie its;lionnot and look lit Its pocket." "And what did Dora do?" snld the mother. VThink carefully, dear, and tell me everything exactly." ... Dora wilhkled . her brow to bring It all back. Slie had the. morlt of exceeding con scientiousness . "I asked lier to spell 'phthisis' and 'cmbar- ' rassmeut,' and she wouldn't," she said; "and" X told her a lot of funny tilings I used to say when I was young, nnd Blie didn't laugh a bit; and I told lier that story father told you yesterday about Mr. Burton going about like a ravening lion trying to find a wealthy widow to devour." Mother groaned. Mrs. Mayhon herself . wns a wealthy widow, nnd had shown signs of willingness to be devoured by that par ticular Hon. "Anything else," she asked. Dora wrinkled her' brow again. "I did tell ber I thought she wns just a little bit too old to wear pink roses In her bonnet," she answered. "Perhaps she" didn't like that, mamma. Still she is too old; I've often heard my father say so, and someone else ought to tell her." Thnt was it— the keynote to her falling. Dora burned to reform the world, and was surprised when It objected and showed a preference for going on ill Its old had way. Of course her mother . talked to her at length, nnd ti'lcd to show her the error of licr ways; and, of course, Dora saw the error, and was deeply sorry, nnd promised amend ment. But equally of course, slie forgot everything about It, nnd wns as entirely ob jectionable to the very next visitor. Her father nnd mother seemed to spend half tlielr time In snubbing her, but, ns the former used to sny, hopeless In his tone, she wns absolutely "uusnulibable." Up she used to bounce, like a cork, after a minute's Re pression; all they could do wns to trust that wltli the wisdom of coming years 'she might grow out of it. At present she wns engrossed with the Herculean tusk of trying to tench licr mother the proper management of infants. A spin ster sister of licr father's had left a book oil this nrt at the bouse, and begged that It should be read nnd followed. But mother only smiled and put It nwny; she seemed to fancy that hnvlng managed to set six of them healthy and straight-limbed thus far on the rond of life, she could coAtliiue to do so without book wisdom. But Dora found the volume nnd studied It assiduously. "Never take n elilld up from his cradle," It snld, "and wnlk him about. It Is n most fool ish and Injurious system. It will do him no harm to cry, nud he will very soon learn it Is no use, and tluit he may ns well go to sleep- A child Is never too young to ho taught this. Looking up at the moonbeam ladder Dora repented this to herself, and then sighed de- siialringlv- What was the use of all that book full of wisdom, while In the next room that slow trend of bare feet sounded, and the soothing song began at the first "wall of broken sleep. Her father was away from home at pre sent for a fortnight; Dora resolved she would urge him on his return to Induce her mother to read the hook, since her own entreaties were unavailing. Shades of darkness close not o'er us. Leave our lonely barque awhile, While we still behold before us Yonder dim and distant isle. On, on, weut the soft singing, on, on. The hare, patient feet. Dora could bear It no longer nt last; she slipped out of bed, aud stole into her mother's room. "Let hltn cry," she said. "Oh, why ever \- don't you let him, mother? The book says the verv youngest child may be taught to go to sleep by itself, and thus save the young mother a world of trouble." Mother found a touch of humor In the situation, even though It was almost mUU art ' night, and she was overpowered with sleep. Such a qunlnt elf the child looked, with her long hair plaited In two tight pigtails, her short nightgown, bare feet and gravely dls- approving eyes. "But Tin not a young mother," mamma said, patting soothingly at baby's restless shoulder.' "Won't you try to-night? Oh, please," snhl Dora, passing ovor the frivolous .re- mark, " put him down In the cradle by Tiny aud just let Ulni cry." "But Tiny Is asleep? I don't want her to wake too," mother said, smiling. "Tiny could learn,, too, nt the same time," the grave little teacher said. "You have no Idea how much easier It will he for you, niniumn; just put them down, and let them erv till they tire of It." "I didn't treat you that way," mamma said, still numsed, "nor Meta, nor Jimmle, nor Jack. Why should I begin to be a Spar- tun with those two wee ones?" "Oh!" said Dora, Singing her pigtails back Impatiently, "surely, mamma. It's bet- . "tor to turn over a new leaf than to keep on doing wrong just because you've started that way." \- ' Mniiiinn looked at the young wiseacre help- \- . lossly, and baby seemed to scent the troa-' Bon. lie doubled himself up, and stretched, . himself out half a dozen times, like a self-' acting concertina, weeping shrilly the while. . "There!" snld mother nnnoycilly, "that Is with you talking, Dora; and he was Just dropping off." Dora sat down on a chair, and looked argu mentative. . "The hook says, too," she said, "that an Infant should be accustomed to bed .while there Is a noise. Never keep the honse still or say 'li'slT to all noises; he will -sleep just . as readily through music and talking If only, ' he Is once got Into good habits." Tinv evidently had.uot got Into any such \- pralseivorlhv things, for at this point she, too, woke, and Gilding her twin being carried about, began to weep jealously.'" "Now's t he time to try," Dora sahl,. eager-, ly; "pop lilm In the cradle, mamma, and- . don't let us take any notice of either of them." Hut mother lifted .Tiny, too, out of the cradle, and carried tliem both- up and down » as If they hail no weight. When at'lnst they consented to- shut tlieir pretty lips and blink qnlctly at the nlglit light, she turned to ..Dorn, who was looking on despairingly. "Go back to bed Immediately," she sahl,' "aud go to sleep. What a tiresome little girl yon do erowx Dora." By morning, however, the cork was freshly . buoyed again. She lifted the thermometer down from Its unit on the verandah, and tool; It Into the nursery, where the silver ; thread stayed motionless at OS degrees — lower, by several degrees, thnu other rooms . In the house. "Oh," she cried, rushing to her mother . In n great stnte of excitement, "something will liuve to he done, mamma, and that very quickly. The book says attention Is nil ne- cessary to the due regulation of tlie tempe rature of the nursery. During the first few .weeks of nil Infant's life, It should he kept at between 05 and. 70 degrees; our nursery Is 1)8 degrees." Mother was bathing Tiny, while the nurse maid held the other twin In readiness for.bls dip, The perspiration was ..foiling off her. face. . .. , ';." "My denr. Dondlc, '.' slic'sald, "that's air . . English hook. I. should, prefer, myself, If our nursery xvere between 05 nnd 70." . - Dora suggested cold water pipes being ? - In 111 along the walls. "Oh, how would it he to have blocks of Ice put there?" 'i'liat would soon bring the .temperature' down." \- Mother lifted Tiny out Into the big towel. \- . "If you'll earn the- necessary money I'll have It done," she said; aud even Tiny .. showed her pretty little gums, as If In laugli- -tor at the Idea! ' ;;x. , . l)orn watched the toilets discontentedly. ' "The twins would be far Iienltliler If they " wore clothes made of all wool flannel," she v.:--. "."Bald. "The book says It Is far more liy — -hygienic, anil besides that, the young mother \- : wlll he far better enjoying freedom In the r open nlr than sitting stltelilng at elaborate . . . tucks 'anil gathers within doors." But mother looked complacently at the dainty little garments In which she had al ways clothed her babies. "Thank goodness I am not a young mo ther," she said, popping a fascinating little frock ovor Tiny's head. Dora went away sighing. In tlie nursery Jimmle and .Tack were eat ing bread and butter, on which some good- natured servant had thickly spread sugar. Dora made a quick dive nt them. "Haven't you been told you are not to eat between meals, you had little hoys?" she sahl, .snntebllig the slices and flinging them out of the open window before they realised what had happened. Tlie bad little hoys rose up to fight licr. Jlmmlc thumped her hard on the back, Jack shut his eyes, doubled his fists, nnd ducked his head to attack her. But she was more than twice their united ages, and a wiry little thing. She shook them by tlie shoul ders as she had once seen a child In tlie. street shaken; their poor little heads were' agitated until tlioy saw stars, nnd double doors and windows where there had only been one. Then she snt them down on the floor anil went away to look for fresh worlds to conquer. "The only way 111 tlie world to treat child ren!" she sahl, commending herself hugely. "Show them you won't be trilled with. Now, if they hnd begged hard mother would have let them oat that stuff. But after my lesson I don't think tliey will be In a liurry to eat beween meals again." The vanquished babies sat on the spot whereon tliey hail been so roughly deposited. The.v vied with each other who could weep tlie longest and loudest. Sometimes Jackie flung himself fiat on his back aud added heel music to Ills wrathful outcry. Sometimes when Jinimic found his voice dying down to a mere sob lie Inflated his lungs afresh aud yelled with new vigor. Then into the dull room like a hurst of lovely suhsliine came Meta. Oh, the sweet motlicrllncss of the little face — the happy, smiling eyes, tlie tender mouth! In her hand she carried the maltreated bread and butter, from which she had brushed much of the garden soli that had clung to It. "Jlmnile's Isn't- very had," she said, boam- inglv, and sat down on the floor between them. "It fell on tlie grass with the sugar side up; but yours fell on Dora's garden, Jackie, and Is a hit had." Jackie looked, at . It anxiously; -then at Jlnunle's slice; which showed wonderfully clean, and bad lost.vcry little of Its sugar. . "Zat uzzer Is mine,'! he said, the first temptation to :n lie -coining suddenly In his way. ."Oli, no, Jackie, dear," Meta said, "you know It Isu't--L Jimmle always takes little b|tos all round his to make It look pretty, and' you always' eat the corners off first. Look, all the corners have gone otf the dirty : piece.." , . . ... . "Zn't uzzer Is mine," Jackie maintained, and struggled for. the possession of It. But Jimmle, for once, neglected the artis tic effect of his slice, and went hurriedly to Insert his teetli in It .-anywhere, Meta held .his -'chubby, hand- a minute. "Poor little Jackie!" she said. "All his Is dirty." . . Jimmle looked unwillingly on his younger brother. - "I never froweil It out," he said. "DonilleVdld; I.dnn't help It dottln'-dlrty." "Znttizzer Ismlne," repeated Jackie, with a forlorn sob. " Jlnuuic grew excited. , '"You was zust bitln' ze lastest tornor off when Tjoaidlo tomed, wasn't he, mlthte?!' he cried. ' ' "Oli,. yes,'.' said Meta.. "Don't; tell stories; Jackie, or mumnile will cry." Jackie's Hp trembled, his hand still stretched out -for the sugared piece. "Dlv'a yours, Ziminiei" ho said. Jimmle licked a very lovely bit of sugar off and looked kindly nt his less fortunate bro ther. Then he stretched the slice Invitingly out. "You tan have n bite." lie said. w Meta was still busy with Jackie's slice. There was a good ileal of earth still on It, though slie pleltod (lie bits off persovorlngly. "Tate annwor," said Jimmle, feeling n pleasurable glow of generosity nt tlie qulck- hriglitoning of his brother's doleful face. "I'll tell you," snhl Meta, with a sudden Joyful thought, "let's halve the dirty piece — It Isn't very . hnd — nnd halve the clean, nnd 'tend the dirty piece Is meat and the clean Is pudding." "Oh, let's," snld the little boys. And they hnd a merry feast nfter all, nnd the brown earth hurt the digestion of neither of thorn. In the afternoon came a lady visitor to the bouse, and as the mother was out slie made her way to the nursery for an hour. Dora, as usual, took the onus of entcrtalnmont upon herself. She ordered afternoon tea, and begged the lady to come down to tlie draw- Ingroora to drink It. "But perhaps your mother does not like all the little ones In her drawingroom," the lady said. Dora laughed. "I should think not," bse said. "Jimmle and Jack smash everything they touch, and even Meta broke her little sugar basin Inst week, and mother bad hnd It 1-1 years. Wo will 'leave tliem nil here, of course?" . But the visitor did not seem ns overjoyed- ns she might have done at the prospect of a tcte-n-tete with Dora, nml the painful color thnt hnd rushed to Meta's sensitive little face nt the recollect Ion of the unhappy breakage made her wish to stay and comfort her. - "I would rather have .the tea here, Dora,'' she said, and caressed tlie hunch of curls Me ta had pinned on the top of her head while she played she was a lion pursuing Jack. "Oh, very well," Dora answered, with a little grown-up laugh; "hut on your own head be it. - There never were noisier little monkeys of children than ours." Tlie tea came and was distributed, Dora sitting upright on n chair nnd holding It In her hand In grown up style. Meta peti tioned for n little in her doll's cup, and drank it sitting on the floor with a chair for table. And Jimmy nnd Jack came conx- ingly round nnd pleaded for "zus one blkkoy nnd one Ickle drop of tea," and wore given two each, and fed with great merriment with tcaspoonful of very sweet toil, despite Dora's perpetual reminders to them that they were "worry- ng." Dora then recited The Battle of Ilolien- lindon and The Wreck of the Hesperus without a false word. After that she said troy and avoirdupois measure, conjugated the verb "parlor," and gave the Lathi nume rals up to 20. The visitor would have departed hur riedly, only that her train was not due for nearly an hour. "I should like to hear wlint Meta can do now," she said at last, wearily. . Meta only blushed, and began to undress, her doll quickly. "Oh Meta!" said Dora, with a lnugh of good liaturcd scorn, "she's a dreadful little dunce yet, but I daresay slie'll grow out of It when she's older. Can you believe it? She's turned eight, and the other day when she wrote to Aunt Jessie she wnilted to say 'you would bo surprised to see how fat Tiny's legs are getting, and how tall Jimmle Is,' and what do you think she did? Spelt 'surprised' 'serprlseil,' and 'getting' with one t, and 'Jimmle' with one ni, and Instead of 'would' she put 'wuil,' and small l's all through the letter instead of capitals !" But the lady only kissed Meta affection ately, and said she was quite sure. Aunt Jessie understood it, and loved tlie little let ter better than if there hnd been no fault. At which speech Dora stared at her Incre dulously. "She doesn't even know her ordinary tables," she said. "Uncle' Albert Is always asking her 'eight sevens' nnd 'nine eights, aud she neTer remembers." "I did say Ut'ty-six last time. Dondlc," snld Meta In a low tone, her cheeks pink. "Yes," answered Dora; "but you said sixty-three,' too, for 'nine eights.' " "Oil," said Jlie laily, who was young and iu?ryv "ln>t h er "lessons. I think "nine eights and" cightf sevens, are the most disagreeable .tilings In the world, Meta. Don't you worry nbont them, pet. They'll come right when you're ojileFj ; ,-DonH let us italic about tables nndjessonsiwhenlt-lsu't time for them." ' j-'Sjlo'p a dreadful Jttt-le/gooao about other thiiig8,rtoo;,!-Dora;safd;yft!illliig at the same time' iiv quttc'.n klhlljy--vuy on her sister, for whom siielmd-tlrtrwnrniest affection. "What do you tliluk? She's eight — eight and a quarter — and she's as nfraid of the dark as can be. She wouldn't go upstairs after tea if there was no one there, for anything you could give her; and It's only the last month or two mother lias got her Into the way of going to sleep without a light. She thinks ghosts and bogles and holigohllns come out and wander about as soon as' ever It gets dark." But Meta, who had gone redder anil redder as this fault of liers was exposed, hurst Into tears at last, and hid her face on the visitor's knee; slie was most painfully ashamed of tlils. weakness, and Dora was constantly teaslug her about It. The lady could contain herself no longer. She drew the sobbing child on to -her knee and soothed her lovingly. But on Dora she bent a wrathful look. "You are a cruel, hnd little girl, Dorn," she snld. "You may be clover, but I would a thousand times rather linve Meta; no one could love a girl like yuu, Dora." Then It was Dora's turn to go away and hide herself ill a quiet room and cry. What could It be that made visitors so unkind to her? What was the fault in her thnt caused Meta to he always preferred? She went over the speeches carefully, but it was a very long time before It dawiicd on her that she had been thoughtless lu saying those tilings about Meta. "She Is a silly little goose about the dark," she contended to herself. "I only snld Just what was true. But perhaps it wasn't kind to say it before strangers; It's nil right, of course, to tense her when we're alone, be cause It's my duty to got her out of her silly ways. But, yes, It was unklud to say It be fore that lady. Aud poor little Meta cried! Oil, liow liorrld of me!" She hastened downstairs with all despatch. The visitor had gone, nnd Mela, quite linppv and forgetful again, was a whale swimming on the nursery floor, while Jimmle and Jack wore terrified little fishes she was. trying to catch and swallow. "Oh," cried Dora, darling upon her, nnd flinging her loving nrms round her neck. "I was a horrid thing, darling little Meta; do forgive me." The whale had to sit up anil think linrd before It know what It had to forgive, and, In the Interval, the Jack-flsli, grown holder, tweaked Its linlr, and the Jlmmic-fish swam right under Its nose. "Oil," said the little girl, with her sudden, sunshiny smile, "It's all light, Dondlc dear, I don't care." But Dora never repented In half mea sures. "Here's my pink chocolate box for you," she snhl, "and my shell necklace; nnd Where's your Arabella, Meta? I'm golug to crochet licr a new bonnet." It was a week Inter, however, anil nt nlglit, that the great shock came to her hitherto Im pregnable fortress of. self-esteem, and made It begin to totter sufficiently for hnmanlly to gain foothold. Tliey were all In bed ns usual, and It was 11 o'clock. The twins were In their crib in the Inner room,. Jlmmlc nnd Jack were sound asleep, nnd Biota and Dora were also duly tucked beneath tlie clothes of their re spective beds -and far away in dreamland. Downstairs In the distant drawingroom there was a whist party, and mother, droBSod 111 n pretty black grenadine dress, with a pink clilffon ruffle round her neck, looked bright and gay enough to Reserve the term "young mother" that she had refused before. Fanny, tlie nurse maid, had run up two or three times during tlie evening to sec how the twins fared, but it was 11 o'clock now, and she was busily engaged helping the hous;- maid with the supper. And something made Meta wake— made the white eyelids lift themselves off the young eyes to show thcra wlint was going im in the adjoining shadowy room. The bal cony doors were open for the cool night air to blow In. anil Meta's eyes saw, before tliey fairly realised this was no dream, a man's black figure, climbing over the bnlcony rail ing just .where a supporting pillar twined round with honeysuckle communicated with the ground beneath. She saw lilm come stealthily ill through the doors, a black felt hat pulled half over his face, and watched him In absolute fascination step lightly to the dressing table and softly open the drawers where mother's brooches and rings and bracelets nml watch reposed. The next lnluulc, her eyes still fixed oil liis "broad, big back, slie slipped out of bed and noiselessly Into tlie next one. And Dora's eyes filled with terror were staring there too, and Dora's trembling was shaking the bed. "Don't scream," she said to Mela, In the tiniest whisper. Mete nodded faintly. In the memories of both of them was a dreadful case they hnd heard the servants discussing, where a bur glar, interrupted In his work, had turned round and tried to kill everyone around, women and children as well ns moil. "BYo must lie quite still," said Pora's al most inarticulate whisper. "If we don't he'll hill us." "The twins!" gasped Meta, below her breath. "If they should wake and cry he'll kill them." Dora shuddered violently. "Perhaps the.v won't wake," she sahl. Metn elung to her, lier heart beating wildly. "Perhaps they will," she said. Dora hid licr head beneath the clothes. "Oh, hush," she said. But Meta's starting eyes were fixed on the room beyond, where she could no longer see tlie mail's figure, for he had put out the night light and was using only n little lan tern on his wrist. "Oh!" she snld again In a piteous whisper, "perhaps they will, Dora.". "II'sli!" snld Dora again, and pressed the clothes still tighter round her head. But Biota's Imagination saw tlie innn stooping over the cot, saw the faint, fair smiles of the tiny ones, then a knife' blood red. "tVe must get father," slie said. But again Dora snld "H'sli," and tried to still her breath lest it should be heard. She was absolutely Incnpuhle of moving, and lay In her hot, stilling position, almost paralysed wlthlerror. But little Metn slipped out of the bed nnd forced her trembling limbs to carry her to the door that communicated with the two rooms. In her own room there was no other door, nnd the only wny of reaching downstairs was through the room where the twins lay. For one hot, terrible moment the cJiIld crouched, hidden In the flowing mosquito nets of Jlmnile's aud Jack's cot that stood close to the door. Dora, finding herself nlone In bed, nnd with the now fear for her little sister's safety before her, uncovered her eyes to look, aud by a faint moonbeam saw for one instant, just beside lier own doorway, the little nlghtgowucd figure with Its streaming curls. The door to the passage lay at the far eml of tlie room. On tlio right side stood the big bed nnd the little cot with Its sleeping babies. On the left side stood tlie dressing table nnd the set of drawers that the uitm was now rifling. And Meta's heart failed lier. To get help she must pass actually within two or three feet of htm. Perhaps Doru wns right; per haps the babies would not wake, nnd lie would go away, content with the jewellery. But the next moment Tiny stirred the least little bit, In her bnby dreams. The mil 11 turned his head slinrply at the sound, and for a second seemed disposed to inuko nn escape through the balcony door. But tlieu ho lifted his lantern higher nnd turned it on the cot, nnd found unbroken sleep there ngnlii to reassure htm. Ko he weut hack to the drawers nguhi. And Meta was nerved now: Tiny had stir red restlessly once. Any moinout now slie wight wake and cry — and he killed by the terrible knife. she doubted not the man lw.i.i ''H In readiness In his hand. HR Like a little mad thing Bhe flew through - H the room mid out of the door. |w Dora heard lier bare, pattering feet on the IB landing oilcloth and then on the stairs. So IB light were the Utile foot on the bedroom 'ear. HI pet, the mail had not heard tliem til tliey H were past him; then, though he took « KB couple of steps after her, the fiylng niKi,t gown wns too swift for him. Dora heard a H terrible oath, then she saw lilm sprlug across B tlie room through the balcony doors, nnd aw clnmbcr over the rails. |H The next minute there were shouts and H sounds of men running; lights wore flnslihm HB everywhere, wild confusion reigned, and the HB twins and. Jlmmlc nnd Jack, waking shnulta. jB ncously, began to. cry, each In a different B9 key. wj Downstairs Metn wns lying senseless on H| the sofn, with two ladles looking after lier. H| Tlie whist party will never forget that poor H little wild-eyed figure bursting lu on i lioir MB last rubber, sobbing. "Tlie t-twhis!" and B| "B-burglnr!" In n choking voice, and faint- H tug In n heap nt tliclr feet. The men rushed B upstairs, then to give eliase; the women nnd B servants ran to comfort and reassure all the H little ones and to minister to BIctn. B Tlie man wns never caught, but in the H hurry of Ills departure he hnd dropped nearly B all the valuables he had collected, so, except B for the fright, nnd the loss of an old-fashion. Bi ed ring nnd n brooch or two, and a bracelet, Bi It might lie said that lionse owed a debt to Hi hltn for his unsolicited call. BK For no one could doubt It was the H onusc of the- introduction of Dorn nmlhumlU. Bi ty. Her reformation could not, perhaps, he Bi sahl to be nB sudden nnd complete ns that of B riotous Prince Ilal, but certainly from that fl time "consideration like nn nngel came, and Hi whipped the offending Adnm out of her." B For even on the occasions when she herself H forgot, and grew scornful or smiled In a su- H pcrior wny when Meta found eight sevens B made sixty- three, or parsed "cat" ns a verb H nn the ground that It "does something," her H father and mother nnd the servants never HI failed to press the ailvnntngc. The word H "burglar" wns held ready by tliem, like the H shnrp point or-n needle, to pierce the hull of H licr self-esteflni nt Its smallest Inflation. H Indeed, so natural nnd 'unremarkable sic B grew ill the course of time that she was H found, lint unseldom, herself sugaring bread flffi and butter for Jlmmlc nn.1 Jack— nnd thai in B the very same monotonous stretch of time B known as "between meals." The -End. B 