THE FINAL : WAR. ? a , — A STORY OF THE GREAT BETRAYAL. , By LOUIS TfiACY. (SPECIAL BIGHTS OF SKRIAL PUBLICATION SECURED BY THE ' SUNDAY TIMES' FROM THE PUBLISHERS, GEORGE BELL AND SON, LONDON). CHAPTER XXII.— A Secret Mis sion (Continued). Lord Elgin was anxiously examining the transport and commissariat arrangements in company with the Military Member of Council, Lieut.-Gsneral Sir Henry Bracken bury, when the news came of the departure from Australia of the first contingent of 20,000 troops for homo service. ' They are troiupr by way of Vancouver an l the Canadian Pacific,' observed the Viceroy. ' How long will it be before they reach Eng land?', '2it best'they cannot tret there before the end of June,' said the officer. ' And by that time Cauada and the United Stages will have poured ten times the number of ..men into France aud Germany,' went on Iiord Elgin. 'Yes,' assented the military member. '' These Cornstalks would be more useful to as, with our relatively small British forces, than to England.' ' Why sbonld they not come to onr aidp-' cried Lord Elgin. ' Arrange at once that the Governor of Hongkong shall p6nfer with Admiral Freemantle and Major-General Hutton with the object of diverting the fleet to Karachi, and disembarking them there. - 'Don't forget to promise the Australians that ib^y shall have their fill of fighting before they see Moscow.'' When the time came the Australian officers »nd men were delighted with the proposal, thus it happened that Sir George White led into Central Asia the most mixed, and perhaps :the strongest, armed force that the world had Aver seen. CHAPTER XXISS.— The Crossing of the Melnmnd. General Alikhanoff was the man ordained by fate to lead the Russian advance upon India. Himself no Russian, being a Daghestanu limned Ali Khan nt birth, the Kismet of the East, which corresponds to Napoleon's mar shal's baton carried in the knapsack of every private soldier. led him to high command in Central Asia'. But the trusted representative of the Tsar must have a more distinguished title than anceBtry provided, so Ali Khan became Alikhanoff, which is a fine-soundinsr name, and means a good deal on the Afghan frontier. He was the central personage in Trans. Caspian politics ; the wolf ever ready t;o pounfc© . upon his prey, the living embodiment of the ceaseless creeping of Russia upon India. But now the crouching watchfulness was abandoned. Two words from St. Petersburg, ' To Kan dabar,' set in motion the vast organisation which had of late been perfecting itself for 'tho expected march, and the scar across Alik banoff's forehead became livid with excite ment, as he gave the necessary orders to his Staff. Tho Imperial plan was boldly simple. No nonsense this time about armies crossing tho .Alps of tho Pamir region, or cutting their way through the rocky fastnesses of the Balkh , Kabul route. ? These things were well enough to serve as twisters for the lion's tail in the piping times of peace. But when war with its rapid menace and fierce directness, was meant, the easy, fertile, and well-watered country between Zulfikar, Herat, and Kandahar wa3 the natural line of sweep for the human beasts of prey led by the ablest officer in Central ABia. Transcaspian, Orenburg, aud Ural Cossacks, Turkestan and West Siberian artillery, the Third and Fourth Turkestan Infantry Bri gades, with a number of picturesque-looking out-throats from Askabad, Merv, Ferghana, and the Syr Daria, formed the excellent irregular force of . 100,000 men with which .Alikhanoff made his dash, from Zulfikar aud Kuskh upon Herat. Nor did lie pause there a day. ~The small Afghan garrison fiedat the m'ero news of his approach, and, disregarding the report of spies who warned him of the mass ing of Afghan levies all along the Paropamisus ttnd Sufed Kob southern watershed, he dashed onwards with impetuous haste. For his absolute and final orders were to aoize aud hold Kandahar at all costs, and not to move a step further until the real offensive expedition, consisting of 150,000 regular troops under the command of tho Graud Duke Paul, had reached Kandahar from the Caucasus aud Moscow. All was in readiness for the coup — trains, waggons, supplies, on tho lines of railways and at depots, steamers on tho Caspian Sea to ferry the army of Caucasus frou Baku to Asun Ada. It was a magnificent scheme. It had no defect in calculation of fact or detail, and it only assumed that the British lion was asleep until he was rudely awakened by the events of May 1. Now, a man may catch a lion asleep, but he who says he has entrapped a slumbering tiger would be disbelieved. India crouched, it is true, but it was that she might spring the farther. Alikhanoff's rapid march through Sabzawar and Farah, the chief towns between Herat and Kandahar, was of more interest to him than to this chronicle of events. That it was a magnificent performance is assured by the fact that in the early days of June his advance guard of the Ural Cossacks cleared a cloud of .Afghan horsemen ont of Chorab, which is 25 miles distant from Giriskh, on-tbe river Helmund, aud Giriskh is 100 miles from Kandahar. The Afghans had been troublesome of late. They buzzed round' the columns like flies round a carcase, and many a nomad's saddle was emptied, and many a Kirghese warrior bit the dust as they straggled on the outskirts, ever in quest of forage or booty. But General Alikhanoff knew he must pay this toll iu human blood when he passed the Gate of Iudia, and he smiled as he glanced over the reports of his staff showing the excellent progress of the troops. ' My dear friends in St. Petersburg will be pleased when they hear that I am already -within striking distance of Kandahar,' he thought, and the parting of tho thin lips over the firmly set teeth suggested unpleasantness for the ' dear friends ' alluded to were they at that moment anywhere near Chorab. The Central Asian commander had no cause to love tbe Court sycophants at the capital. It was prudent to halt a little while and pull liis corps firmly in hand before he attempted to cross the Helmund, where the Afghans would surely oppose him in force. ' Thoy are mere pariahs, these Shia dogs,' Baid Alikhanoff, 'yet can they bite. I must dose them well with leaS when I get them packed together.' Not until June 10 could even his impatient eagerness decide that all was ready for the important step. Many spies informed him of a large gather ing of trained Afghan troops on the further bank of tho Helmund, and one man, a Hindu fanatic, warned him that the English were, behind them. ' Yes, fool,' cried the General angrily; 'It needs no wise priest to tell me they are at .Quetta.' V Not Quetta, -honored one, but at Singbur.' And Singbur is but a few miles on the south Bide of the Helmund. Alikhanoff knew that this thing could not bo. The Indian army at best must now be concentrating at Quetta. A few squadrons of \- iiavalry, with a couple of infantry regiments,' j/ided and abetted by the Amir, might perhaps iave dashed through Kandahar. ' What woman's tale is this?' he growled. *The lal-coorti * at Singbur? Impossible I' ' Nay, it is true. They swarm on the hill Jopes aud in the valleys. Muy they be iccnrsed,' screamed the fakir. ' You. march ?;i- the sacrifice, O Deliverer !' ' Aud you shall run there, dog and liar,'' Sundered Alikhanoff, thoroughly incensed. ? k nnnuto later the fakir was swinging rom the bough of a tree as a warning to all \nes who gave false news. That night Giriskh was occupied, and by :-.y break the passage of the Helmund com menced. Siimo Afghan guns and infantry that would ?r.vo disputed the crossing were quickly ?«leiice:l by tho West Siberian and Turkestan li iuritiiin batteries. Cossaoks from the Ural md Orenburg plunged through the three fords .'ailable at this place and season, and spread, 'im-like over tbe country in front and along l-lvo -banks to the east and .west. Infantry,^ jiuis, and transport prepared to follow. 'This, then, was the passage of the Helmund so talked of by the English. How they boast, th,ese Feringliis. Is there not an interval for breakfast? Yes, an eternity, Alikhanoff. Nearly one half of the Russian army had crossed the river, and in loose array advanced in the direction of Singbur. Before them the living dust-cloud moved, as the Afghans, with many a desperate Parthian shot, steadily retired. And Alikhanoff, as he surveyed the advance of his troops, saw that already he held in bis grasp the rivef whioh barred the way to Kan dahar, rejoiced in his heart. ' Raise your dust, ye Afghan vermin, the Cossaok whip is scourging you,' he shouted in exultation as he saw the slowly- disappearing cloud. But suddenly there was an uneasy swerve among these same Cossaoks. Their loosely knit ranks reeled as if from a sudden shock, aud came to a confused and disorderly halt. A new and terrible sound smote tbe air and came to tbe ears of Alikhanoff, a sound that must have been known of old and feared by him, for he started and changed color. For as the (Jossacks pressed on wildly the dust-cloud parted to the left and right, and through the gap there came' a frightful roar, and a hail of shrapnel rained upon the Russian advance, shattering it into ragged fragments. There was no need to ask what new thing had happened. The English had arrived, and now on the open plain were waiting to embrace the foe. ' It's ijo woman's tale after all ! '' exclaimed the Russian general as he ground his teeth. For he, Alikhanoff, subtlest of men, had walked into a trap. Half his army' was help iess on the hither side of the river. And beyond it his irregular troops, in .no settled, order, and unprepared for serious action, Were hemmed-in -between two deadly s-preUs-^-Ltliet Euglish guns and the dark flowing waters of the Helmund. Perhaps this unexpected enemy Was few in number. He dashed along to the river, and made his way rapidly across, and then hastened to marshal 'his troops, throwing; them out in a form best suited to' meet attaok, and to at least hold the enemy off till the remainder of his army had'passed over the river aud joined them. But General Sir George White had no inten tion of assisting Alikhanoff iu his admirable design. The British army was not a large one. All told, the ..Commander-in- Chief bad but 50,000 men, or one half the numbers of the enemy. But there were enough for his purpose. Generalship can dispense with multitudes when Asiatics are in front. The day before he had carefully selected a cavalry brigade of §000 sabres, consisting of the 5th Dragoon Guards, the 5th Lancers, the 7th Hussars, the 16th Lancers, the 1st Bengal Lancers, the 5th Bombay Cavalry, and other picked native details, and, putting them, under the command of Major- General H. F. Grant, ordered them to debonch to the right, across the Helmund a few miles up, and occupy a hiddeu position of observation on the Kala Musa route. 'You will take no part in, the engagement,' he told tbe General, ' until we have dealt our blow. I count on you to convert a victory into a rout.' To experienced officers this manoeuvre was perfectly intelligible, but there was no little nstonishment when it was found that a second brigade, of half the strength, consisting of the 4th Royal Irish Dragoon Guards, the 11th Hussars, the 2nd Bengal Lancers, and the 13th Bengal Lancers, 2400 snbres in all, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel P. K. Doyne, was ordered to the roar, in reserve, and that a commissariat of sowari camels, the most perfectly equipped of any that had ever been organised in India, was allotted to it. What purpose oould this apparent waste of good men serve? To. the brigade itself the question was a bitter one, and there waR much grumbling. For who that bears a sabre oares to see a fight afar off and stand like a child unable to taste of it? Colonel Doyne alone showed patience, as well he might, for he had had his instruc tions, and much he smiled as he ran them over again and again with lingering fondnoss. And now, as the Cossaoks raoed along, the main body of the army, hidden by the forma tion of tbe country, calmly waited their oppor tunity. It came when the wild Afghans, part ing on either side, gave room for the British artillery massed in the centre. The shock was terrible. As stream after' stream' of deadly shot poured impetuous into their ranks, the Russian line reeled and fell. Nor did Sir George White give a moment's space for rallying. His infantry moved rapidly forward, sustained by the never ceas ing guns, and flung itself with desperate courage upon the ranks of the enemy. The onset was as irresistible as it was unexpected. The Turkestan Brigades, without guns, un prepared for attack, broken ud and disordered, hesitated a second, and then fell away in wild confusion. But there came no lull in the severity of the attack. The British infantry drove them back foot by foot, relentless and untiring, until, unable longer to sustain so deadly an onset, tbe Russians fled to the river and sought to cross it. Alikhanoff was in- despair. Flinging him self wildly amongst his flying troops, he bade them rally at the ford. ? ' Dogs,' he shouted, ' are you to be baaten baok by sticks ?' Stung by his words, a West Siberian regiment attempted to form up on the bankB of tbe river. It was a desperate and useless effort, for like a thundercloud there bnrst upon them the whole strength of the Roy'al Fusiliers, who, at the edge of the bayonet, pierced through them, and forced them into the river. Crocodiles in the Helmuud waxed fat for months. And now the artillery, hastening up behind the infantry, took its place upon the shelving bank, and across the water there belched into the helpless remnant of the Russian army a storm of shot. Reply was nseless. The Russian guns oould only deeimate their own Ranks. Between them and the English was a panic-stricken border of flying Boidiers, carry ing with them the infeotion of their terror, and breaking np the solid battalions which helpless and stricken, lined the northern bank. It was impossible to withstand so deadly a storm. Before tlie tireless British guns the remainder of the invading army, vainly strug gling/to maintain , its : order,- broke and. fell away, and in half sin hour it waa in frantic^ p.ntl disorderly flighU NowxvasGerieral Grant's opportunity, and nobly he.'availed himself of it. As the Russians spread themselves over the country beyond' Eiriskh the 5000 picked Eng lish and native cavalry dashed down from their post aud precipitated themselves upon the enemy. It was the IaBt and deadliest stroke. Tbe brigade struck the Russian force like a thunderbolt, splitting it up into a hundred helpless and -seattared fragments. Disorga nised. disunited, filled with the mad terror that kp,ows no limits, oaring only that it should be somewhere away from the terrific aud unendurable onslaught, the once magnificent army of Russia betook itself to aimless and pitiful flight. . Sir George White, as ho swept the scene through his glasses, conld nob help feeling a faiht flutter of pity. ' Poor devils ! ' he exclaimed. ' They had better have remained here.' For he knew tha Afghan, and what manner of welcome was already prepared for tbe flying army amongst those treacherous hills and valleys to the north. Foremost in the pursuit was Sirdar Mahomed Khan, native aide-de-camp to Major-General Grant. The Sirdar was thoroughly enjoying himself. Every thrust and cut at a Cossack was accom panied by a choice expletive. ' Su g ! '* he roared as he drove his sword through the ribs of a gentleman from Orenburg. 'Son of a pig ! ' and be tumbled a Kirghese into a ditch. ' Bazaarborn !*' and a Ural nomad fell beueath his stroke. At last his strong country-bred, sired by a Norfolk trotter from a haif-bred Arab mare, brought him alongside aRu.ssian officer vainly urging his tired horse to more strenuous effort. ... It was Alikhanoff, desperate, pallid, frenzied with shame nnd rage, who, bprne baok through the Helmund by the press of thp fight, now saw no alternative but to fly with the rest. Mahomed Khan knew him in a second, even amidst the wild melange of the rout. 'Din/ Din!'f lie shrieked. 'Thou art running back to Penjdeh, then, O Ali Khan.!'- Aud he closed in to deliver a cut that should have cleaved the Russian commander to the chin bad it struck him fairly. Alikhanoff had no time to ask for quarter. But hd tried to save himself. Rapidly wheel ing his horse be disconcerted the other's aim 'and received the powerful cut on the forte of his sword. But the Sirdar was not to be denied. By the force of his onset he was jammed up against his opponent: Quick as lightning he smashed the hilt of his sabre into Alikhanoff's face, nnd ns the Russian reeled in the saddle beneath the -blow Mahomed Khan ran him through the heart. Calling two sowars, the Sindar bade them guard tho corpse, but as he rode on lie mut tered : ' I grow old to uso the point. There is-more satisfaction in tho cut!' Meanwhile the cavalry brigade, commanded by Colonel Doyne, now' released from their inactivity, moved forward at the trot, crossed the Helniund, and advanced rapidly towards the north-west. Many a fugitive Russian, seeing this com pact force moving onward, and seemingly dis regarding the pursuit, vaguely wondered, whilst he still bad life, what its object could be, and when Mahomed Khan saw them he clapped spurs to his horse to rejoin his regiment. Russia heard of that brigade before she heard of Alikhanoff. CHAPTER XXIV.— The Kide Through the Pass. A hundred miles in 20 hours is not a bad performance over such a country as Afghani stan, even if tbe road be a good one like that which links Chaman with Kandahar. Both men and horses were tired when Cap tain Peyton announced that thoy wonld make their first prolonged halt ou a wooded slope which commanded a vie w of the famous Afgbun city. Under the peculiar condition of travel all distinctions of rank disappeared in this small party. The leader attended to his two chargers as zealously arid thoroughly as did the junior Sikh jemadar, and by rapid arrangement Englishmen and natives equally divided the other duties of the bivouac. The unusual circumstances of their -yet unknown mission rendered it imperative that self-help aud equality of labor should ba the order of the day, and all shared alike in mounting guard, cutting wood, and the rest. Culinary operations were the most difficult., The two -Mussulmans necessarily ate by them selves, the Hindu soldier made shift to observe caste.pcewdic.es,-nrid.w.h^n-diiinft£came:'-tt-.'be^ thougli.t-.- oFr ipoyton and -do Visirios ' gazod blankly at each other. - ' Do you know anything about cooking?' said Poyton, to his companion. ' Lots— theoretically.' 'Ah!' The qualification sounded sus picious. ' I have learned the names of various dishes in ten languages,' explained de Vismes. 'For instance, the Russian for Irish stew is ? ' ' Look here, old chap,' broke in Peyton. 'I will cut a double share of grass for. the gees if you will undertake the stew in any language you like.' 'Agreed,' cried de Vismes. ' To- day it shall be Etuveo a la Kandahar.' A young goat which thoy had bought at a village for a few annas supplied the-moat, and the Mabomedans had already secured some sweet potatoes, of which de Vismes obtained a share. Salt they had brought with them, and the result of an hour's assiduity producod an excellent meal and a liberal supply of grass roots for the horses. It was then that Peyton was able to open his sealed packet and learn the full extent of the task entrusted to him. Au autograph letter from Sir George White was quiet explicit. ' you will proceed,' wrote the Commander in-Chief, ' with the utmost possible despatch to Turbat-i-Sbaikh-Janni, on the Herat Meshed road. There you will find Captain Adams, of the 5th Lancers, who is awaiting you. If not he. Captain Hutchinson, of the 2nd Gurkhas, will be in his place. Should you arrive safely, either of these officers will acquaint you with the intentions of the Government of India. You will be in supreme command, and it is left to your discretion to act at the right moment. This yon will easily determine when you have reached your des tination. 'Communicate tho contents of this letter to the British officer selected to accompany yoi?, so that in the event of aecident to your self he may fulfil your mission. In the latter event the command at Turbat and during sub sequent operations will bo settled by seniority. ' Should it be an open question whether or not either of you can reach Turbat, your des tination only muBt be told to the native officers in your party, so that if any one of them gains the desired end of the journey, the officer he meets will understand what has happened, and may be trusted to do what is best fitted m his judgment. ' The native officers should be individually instructed to deliver a. message to that effect. 'When you have read this document to your companion burn it. I enclose^ a sketch map of your best route, with all possible infor mation marked thereon by the Intelligence Department, and you will also find herewith safe conducts signed by the Atnir of Afghanis tan aud the Shall of Persia. ' YoumuBt allow. neither your own life, nor the lives of your -companions, nor of your opponents, to stand in the way of the accom plishment of this mission. ? ? The Persian for ' hound.' ' t 'Xho aicusnlman bnttle*ccx* s ' I have only to wish you success, and to assure you of the keen appreciation that will be manifested by the Government of India, if you and your companions are able to fully carry out their desires.' Peyton read this remarkable document twico slowly, and then ho called do Vismes, and went through it again aloud. ' We seem to haye got a tolerably tall order,' was do Vismes' commant. 'Why do you think so?' said Peyton. ' There surely need not be more than ordinary difficulty in getting through to Turbataudthe rest-of-it — unless ? 'Yes. Unless the Russians are already in the way. That's exactly what the chief ex pects ; hence your burning the letter iu caso it Bhould fall into thoir handstf'-' ' Tho presence of a few sotnias of Cossacks betweon us and the frontier of Persia will cor tainly complicate matters,' replied Peyton with a smile. ' Meanwhile, pass a cigar. I am going to burn this thing, and we must not waste matches.' 'It seem to me,' went on de Vismes thoughtfully, 'that even when wo reach Turbat the business is only beginning. We have got a great chance, old man. Lot's have a look at tho passports.' He examined the two documents whilst the cigar and the letter were being ignited. They wore written in tho Persia-Arabic character, which ho readily deciphered. Then he laughed. ' These safeguards are typical of the men,' he explained. ' The Shah uses a lot of circum locution and flowery phrases, and explains that we are engaged,- so far as he knows, on a peaceful mission, the nature of which he doesn't statu, but he enjoins all his servants to help us with food and forage for the horses if necessary. The Amir, on the other hand, comes to the point at once. Here is what he says : ' The bearer is my friend. He who refuses to nsBist him is my enemy. Signed — Abdurrahman Khan.' Quite explicit, iBn't it?' 'Yes, to those who know tho way to JJabul,' said Peyton, and the two officers then. carefully : scrutinised the map'.' By travelling 5{j'miles a day, which would- be a phenomenal perfor. rhauce in such country, they would be in Turbat-i-Shaikb-Janni in eight days. And the Cossacks were already in Herat— but this they did not learn till later. . Their Becoiid halt was at Maiwand. Theswiftly-flowing watersof the treacherous river, though sparkling and iridescent in the declining light of tho hot May evening, did not fail to evoke bitter thoughts in tho hearts of the Englishmen, while the natives con demned the stream in the choicest phrases of the Urdu language — -i tongue particularly rich iu the vocabulary of objurgation. Indeed they were relieved to quit theplace and its painful memories of British disaster, when the first faint streaks of dawn gave'light to show the road. Thence they crossed the Helmund at Haidrabad and took the direct, if difficult route to Tniwarah. ' ? By this means they hoped to gain Kuhsan on the Persi-Afghan frontier by an unfrequented road' and without attracting undue obser vation. Towards the close of the fonrth day, whilst they were travelling rapidly through the valley of a tributary of the Farah-Rud River, one of the horses fell dead lame. He, stripped, his trappings thrown into a niillfen, arid turned loose, but the poor beast continued to hobble after them, and was riot driven . off until the rissaldar had laid about him:with a heel-rope. They halted in a tope of trees'about a mile further on, and as was their invariable custom, selected a spot which commanded a good view of the surrounding country. Not expecting any immediate -danger, they were about to kindle a fire when a Sikh uttered a warning cry, and nt once tho eyes of the whole party were riveted upon an irregular crowd of horsemen coming down tlie valley ou the watershed of which- they had bivouacked. Peyton knew that he and his companions were hidden from observation by the trees, but as a precautionary measure the horses' girths were tightened again, aud then the proceedings of the new-comers were watched with interest. They did not long leave the British soldiers in doubt as to their identity. 'Cossacks from the Ural,' whispered de Vismes. 'I know their head-dress well, as I lived among 'em for a month.' ' Then the Russians are advancing on Kan dahar,' said Peyton. 'Thank Heaven our fellows will be there to meet them.' The enemy came momentarily nearer, and were evidently about to pass them at a dis tance of half a mile, close to tho banks of the shallow river which ran north. west towards the Farah Rud. 'It's a jolly good job they don't go in for scouting on the hill-sides,' murmured Peyton. ' Otherwise we should be in trouble.' The Cossacks had reached the nearest point to the concealed party when the unexpected hnppened. The discarded oharger, who had made his way to the water, seeing a troop of horseman, had cantered off to them on three legs, and whinnied his delight at agaiu falling in with his own kind. Instantly the three native officers sprang to their blankets iu order to smother the cries of any of their auimals that might choose to give tongue in reply, but, old campaigners as they were, the other troop-horses were too busy with their feed to indulge in conversation. The Cossacks halted at tho somewhat sin gular encounter, and some of them dismounted to examine the prize. At onco a great deal of gesticulation and excitement arose, in their midst. , 1 ' They have found the regimental number on bis hoof,' growled de Vismes. ^'les/' said Peyton, grimly. 'We must spare no more lives,' and he thought, of the concluding worda of the Commander-in-Chief's letter. ' It's a good job we didn't shoot him.' ' True, but we might have stabbed him. I trust they won't find the saddlery.' The Cossacks deliberated for some time, and then pushed ou rapidly southwards, whilst they now detached scouting parties on the bills. 'That was a close call,' observed de Vismes, drawing a deep breath. 'Very. In half an hour's time we will drop ovor into the next street,'' said Peyton, meaning that they would traverse the ridge and try the neighboring valley aB a safer route. Nothing happened 'that night or the next day when they crossed the track leading from Herat to. Zulfikar. As the evening of the seventh day came on they cautiously ap proached the Kuhsan Pass. Once safoly through this, they had only two days of hard riding, before theffli as thoy would be ia Per .awa territott. But although the goal was so near, Peyton resolved to leave nothing to chance.! : The country was well wooded up to tha mouth of tlio pass, so he halted his little com pany in a secluded spot some two miles dis tant from the cleft in tho liills through whioh ran the caravan route, nnd sent Gurdal Singh forward oil foot to reconnoitre. The Sikh was absent three hours, and Pey ton was becoming anxious. Darkness came, and there was still no sicn of the jemadar. At last ho returned, breathless but imper turbable., 'What news, jemadar?'' said the Com mander. 'Ill nows, sahib,' was the reply. 'A hun dred Cossacks are eating round their fires about a quarter of a mile from the pass, and a sentry is placed where the road enters tjie hills.' Tho annoyance and amazement of the two officers at this tidings were best signified by silence. At last Peyton said : ' We must get throutrh to-night.' 'Of course,' answered de Vismes. 'But how? To attempt to rush it means death for tho lot of us.' ' We must think of some moans,' said the other, nnd he called to him Rissaldar Shah Nawaz Khan, who knew this part of tho country thoroughly, having served on an escort for a boundary commission in the locality. The Mohamedan, having questioned the Sikh, nxplainod that the Cossacks were en camped on a piece of level ground on one side of a smnll stream which issued from the pass. It would ba possible ia tbe night to reach un observed tho eutranoo to Hie pass by tho other side of the stream, crossing tbe water at the nearest point, and mnkiug a dash for the road. But there was the sentry. 'Leave him to me,' said Shab Nawaz Khan, with a complaoent grin. ' I have often crept into a Koddah, sahib, when a boy, aud thrown^ a lioose round the leg of an elephant. A Cossack's neck is not nearly so thick.' - ». - ' This sounds deuced like murder,' said Captain Peyton in 7 English. ' Remember, Shah Nawaz Khan,' he continued, ' I would not have the man killed if it can be avoided. Can you disarm and 'gag bim quietly?' ' Protoctor of the poor, it. is done.' Shortly before midnight the five men, having selected the best of' the horses, and hobbled the others to prevent them from fol lowing, reached the further side of the stream, whose noisy progress effectually drowned the sounds of the liorsos' feet: ..Thoy cautiously examined the Cossack enciunpment, which 'was plainly visible in a flood of. brilliant moon light. They could also see the sentry, nnd whilst they were arranging their final plan of action the relief was effected. i ' His hour has now come,' murmured Shab Nawaz Khan to his compatriot as they watched tho Cossack, whose turn of duty had expired, returning to tho bivouac. ?An idea now occurrod to Peyton. Not only must thoy get safely into the pass, but tho Cossacks must be sent off on the wrong scent, or the gagged sentry must soon be disuovored and a pursuit established. 'Gurdal Singh,' lie said to the Sikh. 'Take your horse' nnd return. Cross the stream lower down, and in half an hour ride openly towards the encampment. Go as near as you can with safety, fire your carbine at them, yell as loud as you- aro.ablo, and then do your best to escape. Here ia a.lettcrfrom the Amir if you fall iu with any Afghans. You must endeavor to return to Kandahar and roport our progress. I will see to it that you are rewarded.' ' Salaam, sahib !' returned the Sikh gravely, and he led off his horse without another word. At the same moment Shah Nawaz Khan slipped away into the shadows like a ghost, having divested himself of his boots and most of his clothing.. He only carried a hoel ropo and a knifo. A cloud passed over the moon, plunging the landscape into darkness, and for fifteen weary minutes tho others waited in ill-suBtainod suspense. Then a dark form crept rip from the river bank, and a gruff voice said: ' It is done, sahib. Give me a minute to clothe myself.' 'Is he bound and gagged?' said Peyton, loaning towards the place whore Shah Nawaz Khan was wriggling into his accoutrements. ' He is bound, sahib, but tho gag slipped.' Then, after a tug at a boot, the rissaldar added : 'Nevertheless, he will not speak.' Peyton remembered the Commanderin Chief's instructions and asked no more ques tions. , v To cross the streapi and quietly glide into the gloom of tho passjwas now an easy inatter. This was hardly accomplished when a Couple of rifle shots rang out in the still air in quick succession, and they could plainly hear the shouting of the Cossacks as they sprang .to arms. Silently and doggedly the four soldiers urged on their tired horses. The- ascent was short but steep. By two o'clock they were nearing tho summit of tho pass, when they beard au unmistakable sound some distance in the roar. The crack of the Cossack whip, and cries of .encouragement to animals as a party of pur suers rode after them, came up from the cavernous depths of the defile. 'They have found the sentry,' said Peyton. ?*' Only a few of them must have followed the Sikh.' . . 'Allah had permitted it,' said Shah Nawaz Khan, ' but tho prophet himself oould not make their sentry toll that which he saw.' 'L'heni the full and terrible significance of his order came to Peyton's mind for the first time. ' You must remain here and bar tbe way as long as you oan,' he said to the two Mabome dans. ' It is done,' they both replied. Shah Nawaz Khan Continued, without the slightest tremor in his voice : ' I have a wife aud three little ones in the oavalry bazaar at Sbikarpur.' ' My aged father and mother live at Delhi,' said Jeiriadars Musa Khan, ' and I' send them a quarter of my pay. every irionth.' ' Thoy shall not want whilst the Sirkar reigns,' replied Peyton, choking down- his emotion. ' May God guard you.' ' Salaam, sahib,' cried both men, and they . dismounted. The last that Peyton and de Vismes saw of them they were striving -to prise a big rock into the middle of the narrow and precipitous mountain path, which here overhung a steep gorge. Tho officers rode forward in silence, and in ' a little while they heard rapid firing in tho rear. This continued in_a desultory manner for some time, and then died away ; bat tlies'i. &j;^eMedt^J3ajiaia£tiii3rjRat6uit» ''I'|i8utiiiij6rity of thofco shots wore from Lns-Mtftf6'!ia carbines,' Said de -Vismes. ' fchey might, bd,' rejjlldd Peyton, who tons bitter with gfi^f at the loss of the two braVa tri&n; he had b&jti; OdthpeUed to leave to certain doath. 4 ' Tbe last shots, certainly vtQ re,' persisted the other. ' It is impossible that they shonld escape. Why, there were probably fifty Cossaoks.' ' True, bat tho fifty don't kuow how many they are facing.' Further conversation was, however, out of the question. The road in the descent became momentarily worse. Fortunately tho sky had cleared again, and the moonlight enable d them to pick their way, else they would inevitably have blundered down into the rocky abrss, through which a now stream was now thread ing its way into Persia. Judging by the roar which cams up out of the depths there must be a considerable volume of water, and it was evideub that several torrents, converging from over spurs in tbe hills, had here found a com mon channel. Their horses were now almost dead beat, and they were practically in the samo condi tion themselves, but they kopt doggpdly on until dawn came, aud they ncarod the Persian end of tho defile. But who can picture their dismay when, on emerging into a comparatively open valloy, they plainly saw another Cossack oncamp ment about a milo distant? 'Alikhanoff must have had some iukling of a counter move from Persia.' said de Vismes. 'He -has. evidently seized every caravan rout.p.'' _ . , ' It is to stop supplies reaching our troops from this side,' said Poyton. ' There is nothing for it but to cross tbe river, and try to escape towards tha north before we are seen. It will be a nasty job. especially with horses so done np as ours are.' T'ruo enough, this was their only resource. Taking advantage of tlie cover of some trees, they boldly advanced into the stream, and the chargers, freshened by the water dashing agninst their flanks, gallantly essayed the difficult passnge. In such a turbulent and fierce-rushing cur rent it was useless to dismount and cling to mane or tail. They must either gain the other side with comparative ease, or bo swept away by the force of the swirling and eddying river. For a few moments all went well: Then do Vismes' horse, slipping oh a .loose stone, plunged violontly, rolled over, and Peyton saw animal and rider hurled headlong by a c.nrrent into a vortex of foam. . They disap peared momentarily, but lie caught glimpses of them as they, fought madly for life when they rose agaiu many yards further ou. Horrified boyond expression lie. seemed to lose all muscular power, and would- infallibly have met the same fate if his gallant Waler had not scrambled into safety 011 the opposite bank. It was hopeless to think of helping do Vismes, or seeking for him. One of the five was loft, and ho still had sixty long miles before him. Peyton rode forward as in a dream until he reached a friendly wood, where he fell rather than dismounted from his charger, and lay for a little while 011 the ground, utterly powerless. And tbe only concrete idea lie possessed seemed to be fixed in his brain in letters of fire. Had not the Commander-in-Chief written : ' You must allow neither your own life, nor the lives of your companions, nor of your op ponents, to stand in tho way of tho accom plishment of this mission,' ' Chicken broth and warm milk are all very well, old ebap, when a man is as fin de siecle as you were on Wednesday, but I think the time has really arrived when a peg would do you good. I have saved a whole bottle of tho best for three hot weeks iu expectation of your coming, and there's half a dozen soda swinging in wet towels in the verandah.' It was Captain Adams, of the Royal Irish Lancers, who spoke, and ho affected a merri ment he was far from feeling as he gazed at Peyton, stretched .listlessly on a charpoy beneath au awning rigged up in front of the principal abode in Turbat-i- Shaikb-Janwi. Not a word had Peyton apokon for thirty-six hours after he fell senseless at Adam's feet muttering before consciousness fled : ' Russia — war— come from Quetta — search for do Visiries— carried away river.' By cctreful treatment the latter had suc ceeded in :say.ing:Peyton's life, and believing that some tragedy had occurred, ho sent out a largo party of Persian horsemon to scour the country, but they returned to report that they* had discovered nothing save the presence of somo Cossacks at the mouth of the Kuhsan Pass. Ib was now tho evening of Sunday. Peyton was much better and able to grasp the tremendous importance of his journey when Adams had explained why ho and nine teen other British officers had been living- for six weeks on tho Persian frontier, closo to the Central Asian Railway. 'Come,' said Adams, 'a small dose of whisky and soda wil give you an appetite. I must pack you into a palki* to-morrow, and carry you off to Mahommadabad, which wo have made our centre. There you will find six or seven other men, who have charge of sections. It is a great scheme, I cau assure you.'' 'I will be ready,'* said Peyton. Then he added gravely : ' Is there any news of de Vismes ?' ' Not the. slightest. Heaven knows where that beastly river would carry him to. It runs into nowhere.' Whereby Adams meant that tho torrent was one of those numerous Central Asian streams which, rising in the hills, finally lose them selves in the' midst of desort wastes of sand. Peyton was mnch cast down for awhile. But, thorough soldier as ho was, he knew that his brave comrades, Englishmen and natives, had succumbed to the lottery of war. He declined the proffered peg, but asked for a cheroot. Adams and he were lighting their cigars when they noticed three wretched looking men, attired in a remarkable manner, and mounted on small ponies, coming through the bazaar, attended by a curious crowd. Peyton suddenly forgot his weakness. He leapt to his feet, and yelled : ' By ? , it's de Vismes and the two 80 wars !' And it was. De Visiries had been deposited on a sand bank, and had thence crawled, with a sprained wrist and a bruised knee, to a Persian village, where ha'lay quite prostrate for the best part of two days. Here he was found by the Rissaldar and Musa Khan, who had driven back the Cos sacks by first firing at them briskly in the darkness, and then causing their own two chargers, by lashing them with their sabres, to gallop madly down the narrow path, and precipitate nearly a dozen of tbe asbounded pursuers into the ravine, where they were found by the kites next day. The two Mabomedans crossed to the north of the stfceam higher up than the officers, and thus eseaped the second batch of Cossacks iu their turnf And these things formed bat a feeble prelude to the events that followed. 'Acovoxcd litter, CHAPTER XXV— Another Agineourt. — ' Comrades,' wrote Lord Roberts in a-pr& clamation issued to the army on June 1, the forthcoming battle. with the French, Eng land demands our services under eiroumstrufoei that bavo seldom, if ever before, ocourrodii' hor glorions history. ' Wo must, at all hazards, utterly rout aud destroy tho enemy. 'This is the crucial struggle of the cam?, paign. . Tho best troops of France are-oppossd to us. Their numbers far exceed our own, but I know that they cannot eqnal us in courage, iu discipline, in every splendid quality thatn found in the British soldier. ' To cur hands aro committed the destinies of our beloved country. Strong in that sacred trust, I feel in my heart that tho issue ia already determined. Let us resolve that, God willing, our confidence in victory shall be jtiiif tified by tho result. We must deal the onomjF such a blow that tbe power of France wift stagger helpless from our path.' Tho Commander-in-Chief would not hat- uttered these stirring words to bis men ha4 there not boen desperate need for the displaj of that calm courage which recks not of tlw chances of war. . There wero 400.000 British troops massed is two groat armies of similar proportions -y ? both sides of the Ssine, iu tho pastoral valle- between Yretob and Rouori.. .Taught prudence by their previous e* poriences, the French commanders resolve! thalj.thoir next blow should be a decisive onf For a wonder, therefore, their national vanib was subordinated to the rigid necessities q the moment, and. beyond some trivial outpo^ affairs, 110 ongaueniont was risked with tty invaders riritil-tliey had assembled such oyef whelming forces shut, tinder tho ordinary co» ditioiis of warfare, thoy must sncoeed in hope ler-sly crushing the:two.seccions of- the British On the north ban!r_. of: the Seine General Saiissier contemplated,;: with the conspiom prido of snpevi.^l^};ft{R$per& tuwiy of 500, OOf ivian, whilstj^o^-tTverOseotlif;'; General Mercis. .°f 450, 000. .Frai&e; \- UaVfe-B ? 'i»8tvo; .to. plae« these phenomenal numbers rapidly in th» field. All bridges across the river-had been blown np to a point far below -'Yvetot. ; junction be tween the different portions of Lord Roberts* troops was r?ndeye(J,- jipparently impossible without retreat ivr'nell^'.' . 7' _t.fl The former course meant a ihoral victory fos the Froncii ; the latter they resol ved to render impossible by delivering a concentrated attaiV at dawn oa 'Jrinc 2. . ' ? — . Like Trochu during tho seige of Parii, General S:«nssier had his plan; like von Mnltko, on 1 110 same memorable occasion. Lord Roberts also, had iV- scheme, and it differed materially from that of Sausftiet*.. ? During the afternoon of June 1 thirty-eight stout barges wero towed up tho Seine from a point bolow Yvetot, where willing hands had for somo days past been engaged in fitting substantial level platforms upon them. at f uniform height of 6ft from tho water. Between tlie two wings of the British army nineteen roads led to the river, and at If o'clock that night tbero were nineteen sub stantial floating bridges spanning the streao iu each locality where a crossing was praefcf cable. . ' About tho same hour General Massy, wh- now controlled tho operations on the souti side of tho river^ pushed some .10,000 mes close np to tho French lines — ' Just to keej them awake.' be..' explained to his staff — am1 whilst the French generalissimo marvelled i»J tho audacity of the English in anticipatinj tho. attack of the morrow, 190.000 of the said English were quietly taking up the position! allotted to tliem ou the extensive lines of tb- northern force. Shortly before dawn the 10.000, who had made things exceedingly lively for tho-Frencb in, the dark, rapidly withdrew, and whw. General Saussior was calmly drinking hie morning coffee and glanciug over the final arrangements for tho attack, to commence al 5.30 a.m.', it beimr then four o'clock, th« actual disposition of his adversary was as rol« ? lows : ' - Three miles in front of his position were 350,000 Britons. General Massy, with 50,000 men, was intrusted with the comparatively easy task of holding the river flank, whilst the barges, -having served their purpose, wer« drawn up 011 the British bank of the stream, and, by prior efficiency of design, now formed thirty- eight excellent floating forts in the mos! exposed localities. General Saussier did not know of those un expected events, nor did he know, as ho asket fbiv:a second cup; that at that. precise inoment tho British were advancing to attack Kim. Lord Roberts resolved, from tho outset, ti risk annihilation for the sake of complete su© cess. ? A partial or merely strategic victory wouli be as bad as a defeat. The superior French army lay orescent-shaoi in front and almost over-lapping him. H« therefore sent tho whole of his gun's an- cavalry to the extreme left with orders to irre sistibly pound tho French right until it wai driven in upon tho centre. He split up hit forces into six divisions of ton brigades, an- in each brigade there were 5000 men. He pen. sotially kept at his immediate disposal eigh' additional brigades as a reserve. ' . . Divisional commanders and brigadiers ra ceived tho most precise instructions that thej must each fi-rht on their own line of advanoi without reference to proceedings elsewtiere( and the only deviation from this definifi scheme would occur when tho French right was obviously driven in, and concentration towards the Rouen-road and the Seine Bhould be aimed at. Iu a simple phrase, the battle was fought £8 though the British troops were travelling along the radii of a fau, of which the French constituted the outer circumferenoe. As the fight progressed the fan commenced to oon«' tract. , General Saussier finished his second cup oa coffee that night in Paris. . ..... He was about to complete his early baaak^. fast when the sound of firing, rapidly growing in volume over a wide sedgment of theFreii'oh front, startled him exceedingly. A 6taff officer exclaimed : ' This is an at tack iu force.' . -L- 'Impossible!' shouted tho General. 'They* have impudence the most sublime, but sureiy not such as this.' An aide-de-camp rodo madly up' to the hous occupied by the Commauder-in-Chief. ' My General,' he cried, ' the English hav- driven in tbe pickets, and tho wholo army it threatened-.' 'It is unbelievablo !' roared tho French man, rushing towards his charger. Fly,' he continued, addressing his staff, ' to order a general advance, and telephone to Mercier to* offer battle at once: We must dcivo tho39 imbeciles into the sea forthwith.' -~ ITa .B£..CoicwtfireBk . Tlie fakir was swinging from a tree. I Hurled headlong Into the vortex* Tlie English and Native Cavalry Precipitated Themselves upon the Enemy.. [A Russinn officer endeavoring to rally his men.] A tell-tale quadruped. ?'Tliey have impudence the -most sdhilo» but surely- not such as thlsi' said th»j French General. , 