THE LABOUR PARTY : AS IT IS, AND AS IT SHOULD BE. The Tocsin has great faith in plain English as a cure for political ills, and considers the time has arrived for an application of that specific — that ifc is time the immense body of lethargic, apathetic workers, who, by drowsy indif ference, are undermining the homogeneity of their Party, and causing it to drift into a disintegration of conflicting atoms, were awakened to a sense of their respon sibility to themselves and to posterity. Last week we were surprised to learn, las a result of the Trenwith caucus, that I the Party in Parliament comprises four fteen members. Such numerical strength would be a subject for congratulation were it not for the disquieting reflection ' thatevery one of the fourteen are pledge less, and practically free from' .definite allegiance. They go ''on- their own' session after session. It is an extraor dinary occurrence for the whole fourteen to assemble. Such, spontaneity of ac tion is, it appears, only j ustifiable when it is necessary to obtain a majority of votes to palm off a pseudo-Democrat as a Labour Leader. In matters affecting the workers, purely and simply, and detrimental to the capitalistic coterie, not more than half-a-dozen forms a quorum. The majority of the Party seems to consist of ' practcial persons,' who hide their insincerity beneath a cloak of ' moderation,'' and counsel the workers not ; to be led astray by ex tremists. An analysis of the Party leaves a very small residuum— the ma jority evaporate in a cloud of doubtful ness. Thus :— Wilkins, interested in stock, stations, banks, and squattocracy ; Jack Murray, who holds up Socialism as an unclean thing to the land owners of Warrnambool ; Hamilton, who expresses alarm lest too close an adhesion, to the Labour platform should prove a source of weakness to his political interests ; Cook, who shuffles (when it suits) out of the allegiance, he otherwise avows (also ; when it suits); Burton, a goldfield's 'shandygaffer;' Beazley, a 'go- between'' and office-seeker ; T. Smith, a man who voted against one of the Party's planks ; Styles, cautious and moderate, but better than others above mentioned ; and Tren with, an invitee of M'Eacharn's, a coddled darling of Murray Smith's, a bosom pal of Cameron's, a' subject for general Tory gash and adulation, and the recipient of special indulgences at the hands of the plutocratic Press. Hancock, Maloney, J. B. Tucker, Sang ster, and Bromley are the remaining members of the Party. It is not sur prising that Trenwith should be re tained as leader of such a heterogeneous, pledgeless, irresponsible body, bereft of vertebra and spinal marrow. Trenwith has forfeited the trust of the real Labour members and the workers of the colony. Yet he clings to a position, not rightly his, with the assistance of persons usurping positions, not rightly theirs. 'Do not place confidence in those who will compromise and yield; do not be misled by the ' practical person ' who counsels you to be moderate and meet your enemy half-way.' This is Ben Tillett's advice, and is directly applicable to Trenwith's present unenviable posi tion. By word and deed , he, has.. demon- strated his insincerity ; he has lost the confidence of Victorian Labour ; and he has earned v plutocratic encomiums and capitalistic Press plaudits, The latter regard him as ''a desirable person ' to 'represent' Labour. That is a suffi- cient reason why Labour should regard him as 'an undesirable person,' and decline to be used as a -stalking horse. Trenwith knows full well he is utterly discredited by the genuine Labour Party , inside and outside of Parliament, and his retention of the honourable position of Labour Leader is an act of political dishonesty, The present unsatisfactory state of affairs cannot be allowed to continue. The Party out of Parliament should mobilise its forces and organise, should infuse new life into its platform, and exact a signed adherence to it from every member of the Parliamentary Party, and from every candidate de sirous of seeking election in the Labour interest. This would effectively 'sepa- rate the goats from the sheep. There is no need for pusillanimity or indecision. , The men now representing constitu encies essentially democratic seek the countenance of the Party as a means to attain their ends. Labour is under no compliment to them ; they owe their positions to the Labour vote. With proper organisation, straight-out Labour men could be, returned for every one of these democratic seats. Without organ isation indications point to the fact that the Parliamentary Party will become extinct, and will, be slowly but sureJy merged into what is called Liberalism, which means anything or nothing. Such a consummation would be welcomed by Trenwith and others of that ilk— it would facilitate their quest for portfolios and political crumbs. 'We trust active steps will at once be' taken to shake off the Rip Yan Winkleism which now afflicts the Party, and that, imbued with vigour and earnestness of purpose, we shall ere long witness it unite in a solid phalanx occupying the corner now in the possession of irresponsibles. About ten years ago Harry Levied, M.P., who has 'brought charges againsi'.^ Labour-members Sleath and Ferguson]! had a reputation, not extra lofty, as anil), attorney with a large clientele of ' unv|,y fortunates.' The girls' fees gave him a ') good start ; and he mixes with sassiety i now. Th9 charges against the Broken Hill celebrities are grave and serious in \ the extreme— it was inferred they were . murderers, dynamitards, and train wreckers. Perhaps Levien was only the mouthpiece, and it was whisky that , inspired the talking. Anyhow, if the, charges fail, Levien should be kicked 'ji out of political life. ' fa ' Talk of Original Sin ! Can you have a stronger proof of the Original Good ness there must be in this nation than the fact that Religion has been preached to us, as a commercial speculation, for a century, and that we still believe in a God.—' Sylvie and Bruno,' by Lewis Carroll. * * * ' If the Government carries the Wo man's Suffrage Bill in its present' form without also carrying the OneMahOne Vote Bill, Victoria ,will be inoculated with an additional political virus in the shape' of the Female Plural Voter. No such Bill should be allowed fco pass from the. Assembly without a onewornanone vote clause in it, at least. * * * A worker, while waiting at the Spencer-street station for the departure of the Sydney express with Ben on board, remarked that he now for the first time understood what , was meant by the Holy Ghost. ' When Christ left the world, He left the Holy Grhost, that is, His own Spirit, behind him. Now. our little Christ is leaving us, but he leaves his spirit behind him.' * * * ' ? ??..-.. Comrade Casimir will read a paper on 'Value' next Thursday at the Vic torian Socialists' League, 579 Lygpn street, North ? Carl ton.1 The committee meets at 7.30 sharp. ? Comrades are re minded that the inaugural social and dance in connection with the league will be held on Tuesday, 26th inst., at Bib ron's Academy, Collins-street. Double ticket, 2s.6d., including refreshments, can be obtained from the' secretary or mem bers of the social committee. * * ' ? * . ? The Woman's Political and Social Crusade is not a body working for the benefit of women only, but a1 body of women working for the general political and social welfare of the community, and to fit themselves for taking an effec tive part in such work. Properly con ducted at the outset, this movement should develop into a woman's national movement, of greater power than even th ai^p^fchej ate Frances Willard's, and .withofpffie obtrusive religiosity of too -many : of those who are unworthy fol lowers of Miss Willard. * ? * * ' G.M.B.' forwards well-written verses, the tenor of which goes to demonstrate that under existing economic conditions wars like that between America and Spain are simply a sacrifice of the toiler to Fatmanic cupidity. He concludes : — The fight of the worker grows stronger, Though sometimes the strife is in vain, But the war will be hotter and longer Than that of the Yankees and Bpain. Then avert this murderous confusion, For why should our forces be slain, Supporting the Fatman's delusion, And to crush, the poor people of Spain. ;* , * ?* ? Comrade Ben has gone. His influence has been great, has been sweet, has been a luminous one. Whether we deserved to have had him will be tested by the..! lasting effects of that influence. If we keep awake and go ahead, all will be well, in spite of the pessimiRtipomen of that disgraceful 100,000 vote/lf wesimply go back to our troughs— well, we de serve to live in the' sties we live in, to have our offspring fattened for the shambles, of the procurers and pro curesses of the plutocrats, and to be \- ourselves the mere dividend-producing stock-in-trade of them and their syco phants'. f ' ? ? * * : * ?'???' 'Ajnauity,' writing re Old Age Pen3 siorys, does not agree with the Commis between the ''deserving ' and ' less deserving.' The man who saves is not ja greater contributor to . the wealth of fthe community than the man who spends. /That being so, all should be on an equal 'footing with regard to the reception of pensions. He continues: — £10 annui ties over 50 years will prove more bene ficial than £15 over 60 years, with this ( proviso — that .10s. be added for every year after 50 up to 60. That would give a person 55 years' £12 10s., and one 60 or over £15. By this those dying before 60 get something. As a means, fcof raising the necessary revenue for the [purpose, 'Annuity' suggests a tax on I 'interest and dividends.' Fitchett, ,in the » Southe^T^B the obscure organ of an obsnU^l hgionism, feebly abuses Ben Til u XM his denunciations of ' 8aT1 ,. fo ffi piety^and practically as? ^f would Victon a be without the cU ha-H If Fitchett really wants to kn e8?I Victoria is with' the ohnrohL ^1 recommend him to look un n ^ CanH Headley's book on « The EvoWa lls'i the Diseases of Women,' wherei 10- °{I ' stated, on the authority of Gov *? statistics of illegitimate births th?611'! eluding prostitutes, for every 23 m7J ?*» women in Victoria there is one 7 dB living in concubinage. This of '? largely underestimates the inJ^B living. ?Wtat have the ohu^t, I We are sorry to hear of poor u 1 White's distress, and sincerely !„? that the appeal being made in his fax - ? will result in something substanSI being done for the brave old fello ? However much the enemies of ?? workers may abuse him for his violen ? and anarchism, the workers of M?l bourne cannot afford to forget that ii was he who, with Fleming, threw down! the gage of deBance at the feet of II Melbourne Mayor at a famous angl sweating meeting, and brought aW such a revulsion of public feeling as to set going an era of reform in the tnnni cipal contracting system that has not by no means finished yet. At the large and enthusiastic meeting at Yarra Bank on Sunday, his life-long efforts in the cause of the Dispossessed were spiritedly dealt with, his old co-fighter, J. ty Fleming being especially to the fore. A sum of £2 Is. 7d. was collected at the 'meeting for tiie benefit of the old warrior. w ' ?* * Tillett's farewell at the Temperance Hall was a memorable one. At tlieK conclusion of his lecture on 'TheBritism Empire,,' a vote of thanks was entbl siastically accorded, and in acknow-B lodging it Ben gave a brief sketch of hisl life's history in the cause of humanity,! He depicted the scenes of misery andB squalor and vice and oppression lie liadB witnessed in the Old World with snchl telling force and dramatic intensity thatl many of his audience were visiblyB affected. The Little Docker took occa.B sion to remark that in his crusadefi against wrong he always attacked the! system, not the man, as the latter was but the creature of the system. Big hearted 'Little Ben' was much moved . at the great reception and frequent tokens of approval, and it must have been a relief to him when he resumed his seat. The audience fare welled the lecturer by singing ' Auld Lang Syne,' and giving cheers for Ben, his wife, and little ones. Good- bye, Ben ! God bless you! \- . . * * * It is pleasing to note that even the suburban press is waking up to the possibilities of_ good Socialistic work being done by the medium of the municipal councils. In an article on the coming municipal elections, the South Mel bourne 'Courier' has the following:— 'In view of .the advanced position taken up by the Lon« ,4'on and Provincial .County Councils in BngW /it is clear that . even more important functions and solid work remain to be achieved by IM Municipal Associations of the colony. ^ vote by ballot, free education, and other social reforms inaugurated by the colonies (the sturdy offspring of a : Constitutional Mother), »e socialistic impulse given to what may be caliw the sub-parliaments of- the old country, by tne stimulus and example of .the active administra tion of colonial municipal government, snou be kept in our remembrance with feelings aw to national pride. For the present, however, the mother country has far outstripped us. J' necessity for thorough sanitation of om '^' lings and for the abolition of the middleniaj contractor, who fattens upon the hard gran the too frequently improvident labouring oijji and who turns the woes and the wants, w pleasures and the recreations of his fellow ro into sources of profit to himself, has been ^ recognised by the County Councils at aw The outcry against Socialism is no longer n**V tor,- as Lord Rosobery has pithily reffiar^) ' We are all socialists now.' ' * ? .* . * A meeting of the Central Council of J Labour Party will be held on Thursday M at 8 o'clock, at the Trades Hall. # Ibe w» ^ is importiant, and every meuaber is reque» attend. * ' * * We are inclined to think that the W°«f j Political and Social Crusade is in .?%*(? spoiling a grand movement, if they aiio selves to get the reputation of being w ^ appanage of another, however yroTrDi!taV&i; We would also strongly advise them to*^ r whole control of the movement in ^^ I hands, for it is only by doing all tne^a ^ ? trative work themselves that women w ? to be effective politically. 1 i millii 