i^lj • Jf f * lOTTHftfiVEOF A80NN1E SCOTCH CHAPTER XIV.—THE MAN! WHO OWNED THE ENGINE. By ST. GBOKGE KATHBOKNE. ^Author of. "Under Egyptian. ! -Skies," "Mis? Pauline of New York," f Etc. The*information which Smithers—poor Rejected Smithers—conveys in such a melancholy maimer is certainly amazing and terrible enough to : flaunt the Stoutest heart. Jack stares at the other—he even repeats the words Smithers has used. Fi\e minutes too late, and the special train, laden with Spaaish soldiers, has gone to destruction. \ ' ' " ;' • Before his eyes, as plain as day. he Can see the awful wreck, the dead and the dying-, and among tSiem, oh, iiortora! the ^lovely form of his Highland" lassie, the giri he loves. No wonder Jack feels for one brief tnoment as though paralysed. The reaction comes. Instead of-a deadly chill, he has a burning sensation pass over his whole frame, and experiences an earnest, furious desire to do something in order -to save her from this fearful fate. Smithers is endeavoring to collect his Senses—Smithers, who has, under, almost every condition, shown such wonderful nei-ve, seems broken-up by this'decree of F&te..; • And while he thinks Jack acts.,. ,- It IsiAh Bin who Jeads pie w$gr./Tfce- • accumuMitloa of disasters ovgrla&e; 1 them. Jack feels a tugging at his sleeve which he knows of oia, and casting his «yes around he discovers the almondeyed retainer there. As Sin says never a word: Speech may be silver, but silence fs golden; and this is no time to indulge in flights of rhetoric. Jack sees the arm of the Chinese extended, and following the line of his finger he discovers what it is to which Ah Sin would attract his attention. The railway company's telegraph office. At sight of it Jack's hopes revive. True, be has sworn not to betray the . plot of the rebels, but When the last "resort is £one and her life is in peril, he will feel compelled to do so. Better a broken vow than that .she suffer. • , • : So he leaps towards the office. Perhaps nearly, if not quite, sixty seconds have-flown jsince he first reeeiv ed the dire news—sixty precioiis secqnds, during which the doomed train has been (shooting- on towards the destruction that lies in wait. His positive intention is to have the telegraph,, agent wire.^ the conductor in charge of"the train.iwaniing hirp of the awful danger ahead, and having him use extra precautions when approaching the i fcrid^e where -the dynamite' is : supposed ' - " to lie. : -Smothers sees him dash into the office and stifles a groan. Perhaps this is for '„ the rebels, whose plan forstrikinga blow et their hated foes will'fell through. At any rat'e, he does not make the least attempt to hold Jack in check, hut awaits results. Perhaps Travers is gone another tninute or so. Already the telegraph key may be clicking off the message| that win hold the train and warn the Officer in charge Of the soldiers that not only do* the rebels know of their design, but have prepared' to annihilate them. . > f Smithers doubtless sees this in imagination, but when he looks again he Siscovers Jack in reality dashing out of ith* telegraph office. His manner is not that of k confident , tnan who, by a bold stroke, has -accoiriiplished what he set out to do. On the contrary. Jack -appears excited —his face is almost as pale as one who lias seen a ghost, and he glances sharply from right to left as he runs towards ; ; them, - af ter-tfce manner of a man who! : seeks a remedy-for so me dreadful jtnalady. •••--• \- ' Afe' he . draws niear . where Smithers Stands, he can be h«?ard exclaiming alond • though to.save even the precious seconds, of time: . "Wires down—Maceo raided the outskirts of Havana—impossible to reach even the first station—no way 'of rescfa- ^ tag the train—now been gone seven and a. half minutes, and already four miles , away." . they can hear the rumble of the train among the hills—it comes very plainly during a cessation of noise about the station, though gradually growing fainter and more distant. Jack looks at Smithers, who' returns bis distracted gaae with one of chagrin for the agent feels humiliated by the blunder that has occurred, though the Change in time may have only been de- : tided on just before the special started _ In order to confuse those who might have (any evil designs against the train. , "Can. you suggest anything?" ' crfes Jack, endeavoring to cudgel his brains . (to greater capiditSr of adtjbn. '<• : "We have no -winjgs tp fly after them *»" Bays the other, motu- nfuliy; ' ' "The more's ; th%;^It5r."'''',.HeaveB- help : that poor.girl." ; -,-;' ; .V .. . . "And horses, if.we had. them, woulh lie of,.no'mortal use'against even such a .. Jslow train as this one.". : -•••'•- "That-is true,. ;.but" is there po : ' other sway? r^Thlnk as rfever 3id 'before JWliati overtake. tie'special, - since telegraphing is out of- the question?" J Smithers'. is loojdrig ".down-the-tracks' fwhere they gleam in the lights, beyond: "If-we had an engine we might do it:" Jack snatches at the idea like a drowning man might clutch at a "straw. "Then"we will have an engine if- it takes ,a" thousand—five thousand dollars r-all I have in the world. Follow,me!", fee ejaculates. .. . > . The .thought which Smithei-s' haifhesifcatingiy. advanced; becomes an' inspiration. .He seems to grasp it with' rerieW- . fed energy; and While Bitting has start--' fed on a run down thestation .piatfora*.' Smithers "partakes in "a measure of hisnew enthusiasm, for he-has aniexaltedi fconception of Jack's abilities, and be-' Ceves the other equal to any ^p^epey-. Wdfe tonkh^od ^Wr di®cul-i lies that- would''paralyse' jnost " peopled jfcnd come in: at the finish- many lengths Ahead. - • y v Jack has not started off at random— te generally knows what he means to eccomplish ;before setting out to - begin. S6me moving object .has caught his fcye just down the track—something that in sthis 'crisis of his existence looks more [taiuable than the best paying mine in •he Cripple Creek region. It is *m.englnejust emerging-from a shed, upon m. turn-table. Smoke is pouring from the large, old-styled stack, black smoke fcrom burning., resinous pinewoodr than. Which few species of fuel will generate Bteam more quickly. This oId-fash!oned fehgine, doubtless[discarded yekre as'o in the Northern States where those burning Coal have taken its place, is not a **thing of beiuty and a, joy for ever" ai j least it would not appear as such in the f ©res of the ordinary ^bebolder; but to Oack Traveire the case istiuite different. It means a possible chance to solve the terrible probelm that- has been suddenly . (Bet is.efore him—it means'the case iaf life Bcd death may yet be decided in favor JD£,continsed existence^ -. ; I Undar these conaitions, - therefore, it tan be readily understood with what tre- ; *nendous satisfaction Jack, starts in tbe SUrecticn ct this locomotive. " As he advances with sueh^a-feurst' of Speed 'he takes note of several things, ffcvjefyoce . connected with - the -engine ^eems to be Jn the utmost haste, and this fc the mere wonderful when the fact isi into cossideratioir that in ^ucii hot IPounfrlea as dtfea ;.t|jey do. not,' as /a^ jKeoeral ihing, atafi^aaytoofflueh speed>in Stnyl!h}n£ undertaken. ' " jBfe fi^S the jstoker tossing pine •Jto&ts; imto the yawning month • the fire-bos; Wfiie th (e engine-driyer leaha part -.way wiv^ V out of the cao window. hia face streaked gt^me, but looking anxious in the light of Use " " ' ^ 'MxhVjapim the stanil (cefidyktf^ turn the engine around on the revol«ng tiifcle." " " r ' > ,X * . To, whom ^iaii he anpeaj? , He has atfeolutely decided that ques- Two m&i; ^tnd beside the trucks, one of,them haying iin -official air, and holding a paper in ^is hand that may be an order. \- His companion seems to be an ordinary citizen—a Spaniard, judging from hia > olive skin and black hair. - J ,' _ Jack instantly surriiises that the^ ofjCtiad is the party who can attend-to his: wants, ant: he means to obtain possession jof 'that engine if money can buy it—indeed.-'puch i« his desperate frame' of mind- that; should his request,'even when backed by the value of the old motor itself, be refu^ea. he may be incline^ to jump •on the engine himself, and 2a,t the point ^of the \- revolver force : the driver. ^to obey his commands. , ..•»». . "•Senoivare you in charge here"? I have T!i;ssed the special by a hair's breadth. It is very important that I should overtake it. I Would have sent a message, but the wires are down." The official shoots a quick but expressive glance towards his companion, who n.'i.vr-s a little closer, cocking his ears as ttiSTugh he takes an unusual interest, in what Jade-says.' --*- , '"• "Si, senor] the wires are^down that Mac-o "is" always oh the ^ihove^ and " he l-cceps the wires cut so that"we in Havana m.'iy not know what he is doing.' No jone can send a message albnjg-the-line.•-• Itis t, ery sad," is the consoling remark nirice by the official. \- "But, senor, you did not answer my question—are you in charge here?!' . .; *3Tor .the night—yes," is Jhe .awlsh toll ire a sjJeciaJ." - i "A what?" ^ejateuiatef the other. "A special—an engine to overtake the train that left here some nine mihiltesf age." . - f "", The official throws iip' both arrns. \ :. "Madre deDios!—another! " he guVgles: Jack does not -understand — he; only; recognises the fact that precious ;time is being wasted, and in a case iike.this.time does not mean money, but human 1 lives. Hence he shows impatience—it is natural. ..." "Senor, it is a case of life'rand -death," - he breaks; out with, huskily, for the men are swinging the Iron' monster around, and Jack is inwardly swearing he' 1 will control the destiny of that engine, come what may. " "Alas! ,1 am sorry!" with-:aiShrug. "If money, stands in the way.; I am ,prepared to pay you any price." "That is not it ; "Then"you havie no .authority?" "Alas! I have no engine." - "This one will do, I am sure." "Tliat is the only one in condition at this end;of t h e * * * * * "A thousand thanks." . "But -". . , "Tou. hesitate when, many lives are in' perSI/^.•*'!'" . . " ' • ' • ' - •' is'.lio^.onger iind,er jmy confrol.." ' '."Senoiv explain."': ,*'. " •. '.>..: '-. "This gentleman is General .^Toledo. iBe, has also toje^a -traiiif^But tfeafs'aui^OTj to -overiSfiie tt if ttii xheaiis" can be had I have ordered out this Engine. It belr,j:gs to him since _ the Government ; •commands. Senor, you 'must deal with General Toledo." Jack whirls upon the soldier in civilian attire. He has not noticed him partipularJv before, but now he discovers a; nian of more than usual determination, whose brilliant eyes are fastened -upon him! as though he would read him through, j At the same time Jack believes |he c-'.her to be a man who can be worked. Money talks in eases of this kind, especially-with some men. • ' "General, as -I said before^ it is a case of life and^Leath with us to ^overtake pie special." If you have the power-to allow such a thing, I beg that we may find a lodgment somewhere on your engine. I If a thousand dollars would be of any service to you—:' " Tlie "other shakes his head. "We can talk of. that later, senor ;" he "sniiles. .'_ "You consent?"—in sudden rapture. J . "Cai-rambar there is. no one who can prevent me. I own this engine for tjbe hour. And you say it is a„case tof life and death, senor.'" i sympathise with you^-I offer-you a chance to overtake the special, which left fifteen minutes ahead of time." . ' ; His manner tells "Jack plainly that he har; been entirely influenced by the prospects': of a heavy pecuniary reward, and HOT: because he has a big heart. Never- mind; it is the end, not the :means that he 'has in view. - "Then you will allow us to accompany you? A thousand thanks, senor. If you only knew the facts, you would never regret your. de cision. Smithers. do you hear that? . We may yei win .this game, thanks to the gallant ;General Toledo. All is hot lost by a big majority; and Ah Sin, he is there, too.. You see. luck has tired of baffling us and turns about." ; Jack feels as thpugh a load, of a thousand pounds had been lifted : from hfo heart. There is a fair field, and no favor now. It is'all" he aske at any time. The engine "has been faced down the track, and a man dashes; down to. change 'the switch that will run it upon the main line. ...» -- V- • . i "Come, senors) all "is ready," sings oujt General Toledo, as. he swings himself up on to tbi engine.qiiickly followed b^Jack aH'ii Smithers, While Ah Sin cliitches'.bold •even as the : «rigine burste So'tward. • CHAPTER XV.—A MAD CHASE-ON A "WILD-CAT ENGINE." • When they have gained''"the footplate of 'the locomotive upon which General Toledo has seized for some important Government business, Jack and Smithecs draw a long, breath of relief. The future looks brighter m comparison with the blackness that so recently ! hung over, it like o> funeral palL \- Ferhaps the first thing Travers does as the engine begins to move down the tracks is to draw out his watch and note the.time. for it is a matter of some moment to know just how -much of a start the special has. "Six-thirty to the.second." he says. i ^^hey.aije just fifteen minutes ahead," r^&rks; Emitters, -quickly. -...-.. .' 4" At first this -seems a monstrous task,': In England or the United States, where expresses travel at the rate of . a mile a minute and more, with a clear track ahead, the task of. overtaking such a train ere twenty oM mU^lui^^eep cov-. ered would be utterly, out of the question. ; . " . • . in Cuba the rape ^ ^djcllly f iff^-enC "Especially is tbis'true in time.pf war,- -ivlien dangefg abbun^'ahead. . A^aee'exceeding fifteen miles an ^iour might be, deenie'l suicidal in some sections. ; ''i The general has -:ftvejcl$eard this ex-* change of remarks,.and smiles. \ . "Have no ffears, senors; we wi^. "oyef^i, ,i.ake them easily. They stop at a fstaUon, cvers* five miles... W^.go on, and ..you. .shall yo!lrseJ ves" see at. wfiaf^a beautiful ^peed. It is certain 1 —you have my ward, for it—provided, of course, we.do.not run »ff the track, tor the botljer explode," he Kaj's earnestly. - - ' : "And r if that" takes- piaee-^—" says^ •fSmitbers. " .* _' ' , "Ah, we Eh all ta6_e'nb longer. an interest \n whether TCuba ,: sKail remain with, J-ipaln 01* fce frefe.' iri'this man's hands we nlaee om Urref^7—pointing 'to the en-; gineer • '* • • ~ Jack sees the* polnt. and 'manages io adroitly Elip .a little "wad of greenback?, whita i-Sls? current in Havana, into the driver's hana; receiving in return a look and a nod that -cover the ground Sully.' That 1 engineer will exhaust eyeiy known, cteVice to send his iron horse whirling ever the rails after the train ahead ^ -orfter to ^a^ifv -so iilieral a ptftnpn. * ' L ' " > 1 Ja-cltlclane^e^Jtfver "Che'pile of r yrooa in ih^ i^ngef!' Ha^^; is inffuTl vlfew; anfe 83 the evening settles down oyer the Cu- 1>an -eapitaLl many ligrhts ace springing Into sight, nialdng the picture, with the ( Jharbor beyond, and grim Mottp C»stle guarding its entrance, one that'could hava ^ytlew.iijails.*^ ^ .,.,•',• I ^i^f^l'-i'r"^ ha^'cattiea infer* ~ and now plunge nmojife. last -ligb:~varJBlie^ iron?, view; .for itavana... . AronsSlthem. the country is, growing wilder. -At tirst, occasional houses may .be set, si,.-, with gardens; then con^e what appear to be plantations, J tvifb 'mills for presriiirV the sugar-cane. Jack notes these in ' the fast- fading light, and presently discovers the first -HigTCs <of devastation where - canefjeld a^'l all its attendant buildings have been ruinet? by lire. ' ... Bold Maceo has -been - here,, .even witluu sight of the capital, teeming w«h Spanish volunteers; andsstrabk a- blow for. X3uba libre. There are "feiv places he dared not go, this fire- .brand: of. the: rebellion. • • - " .. And now darkness.- How suddenly „it seems to drop upon them, as though they plunge deeper and deeper into a canyon, when in reality such is not the case! . .- -. - - - 'Already the driver has succeeded in purging his engine over the rails at -a rate of speed that must have shocked the officers of the road.could they but see it- He is a Spsiniard, but a man of ner\\-e. like most of his class, no matter where found. • . Tho old machine Is doubtless amazed at its own;, ability , to malte - time and break the record on the. road ; for as the miles are thrown-astern the-sparks scar out of-the funnel in a. perfect avalanche, and the puffing is as vociferous as an asthmatic-engine can emit. To "those unaccustomed to riding on a locomotive, the motion is simply terrible. Even on the finest of railway lines tthere is -a horrible -swaying, .and: swinging, those •v.'bo .^idei.^LSi pas; upon a'rough road such as pre-' yatls in <3uba.rand withian oldftatlletrap of a condemned engine doing the r journey.-. - - • . -Jack has ;iearly found agood' hold, ^.Al hangs on grimly ; ditto Smithers.; 1 The general occupies "A se^t^ Reside [ the. stoker, who is "kept busy half the tiine tossing pine-knots into the hungry maw of the . lire ,box. As for Ah Sin, that "worthy, .after being hustled several" times from one side to the other, feels a sensation akin to Che dreadful mal-demer of -his . last voyage, and 'dropping flat," cowei% amidst the -wood ; nor does be cstre yery niirch whether the pile topple over uprai' him or the fireman make an effort to" utilise him as a convenient stick of timber, such is the desperate condition this nausea brings about. ;And the speed increases as the steam erawls .sip in the glass indicator.'' "*..'•" * : \- Jack eyes the driver closely, but realises that while thft fellow may be a daring: man, he canriot be called a reck"'' legs one, and will take no unnecessary risks.' All is well so far. ."• - -• " • - • Wiien 'they -spin around ia^shkrp cuive ;it;is.all- Jack"jcan do to ehold on." -He eveii imagines the massive machine is about' tO c ; * i ti^>ple* - oyer, ; and holds ' his \say hteath' ih awe. ;;Srtiithers litters ari expressive. 1 exclamation, and from. Ah. ;Sin' : cpmes a smiek.. 0-.--: • •'*'' . - ^ t they.:k^iep>.the .tmck, ; aad go-flying on^with TEhe^pfe«a dfc^he'iui^iSatee^'' ' Fainiliariti' doubtless breeds contempt, but the' bravest ' man in the world is bound to 'experiencfe a sensation : akin to teiTOr when taking his. first ride upon a " wild-cat engine." • As they dash along, Jack, who chances to be on that side nearest the' -Spanish officer, opens a conversation with him. It is positively' necessary that, he shout aloud,.such is the racket and confusion "that accompany the flight of the Alhambra, as the veteran engine is called ; but Jack- thinks nothing of this when seeking information. . , < „ " What place was, that'~?" he asks^.as they flash p3st a;jsnilau^buiidiBg that-has the appearance of a station. General 'Toledo tells the name,,and at the same time vouchsafes the intelligence that it is about five miles out -of the city. Then about one quarter . of the distance has. been passed over,- r '-How -much have they gained 'upon the other traini? The' soldier . seems quite . .jolly,, qs though he .feels positive they will overtake the train ahead. Perhaps a shade of anxiety might creep over the nature of his dream did he 'but know all that these three travellers do'.. Jack, However, does not feel inclined to enlighten him, for since it 'seems that they may overtake the train in .good time, he means to keep his word to Smithers as far as it is possible.. "... • . ^ . .•>.-•.;-.'• r He is already figuring in'his mind what his course may be later on, should they succeed in their chase. "What will General Toledo do? Can it be possible'he .has had wind of the truth concerning the dynamite plot, and that his design is ' to prevent the threatened catastrophe ? That is not without the bounds of rea- .son; and yet Jack- hardly believes it to be the true nature of his mission. More than likely he bears secret but important orders to the officer in command of the soldiers regarding some •move he is expected to make against the insurgents. After all, what does it matter so long as their end is- assured, and 'the girls saved. - ' -' ; ; So he continues to plan ahead, believing that in. this way time may be saved. Fortune seems kind, for although their fspeed is increased and they, fly around dangerous curves, nothing in -the' shape of disaster has.as yet overtaken them. (To be' contikuedl) 