C.J.E.M. : "Memory of King O'Malley just ten years ago. The Melb'. Centennial Exhibition was newly open, and scribes from all the ..important world were gathered together in the press room near the " Grand Avenue of Nations " to decide whether an Exhibition Press Club should be formed, or the crowd using the room go as they pleased—formality or informality. Pretty well everyone hoi a say, except one man who sat quietly on his chair in immaculate gloves and, of course, other clothing, nursing a white ' bell topper.' As he hadn't spoken when everybody else had, the chairman apologised for not knowing his name, and asked if he'a care to express his views. Resplendently.he rose and said that though he mightn't be known in that room he was admired all over the civilized world, that he was representative of the Kansas State Fighter, that his name was King O'Malley, and that he'd be very happy tp^ye them, some ideas of journalism and some of his own experiences in the great country which he had honored with his birth. And he had the meeting almost falling off its chairs before he had. finished. It was decided eventually that the Centennial pressmen should go as they pleased, and O'Malley was accepted a3 d—d good company during the six months. One forenoon three or foiir of us locals were in the room and K.07M. bounded io, more gorgeous than ever. '* Come on, boys,' he twanged, 4 the prohibitionist party in my country has gained a great victory; come on and have a drink with me.' There were cables that morning that had made him gorgeous and jubilant. We went out to Skinner's bar at the end of the passage and had our nobbier of exaltation, while King O'Malley celebrated the day in ginger ale. I can picture the scene—and several others with O'M. in them—here, now, under this candle." •; One of the cleverest female "'clieqiie operators" upto-date has received a substantial check from Carlton (Vic.) magistrates in the shape of a 12-months' sentence. She is a delicate, interesting-looking creature, named Mary Mclnnes, who is' up to every trick of false representation, her makings at the game since July being estimated at £100. A capable actress, her most effective plan was to get a confederate to send telegrams to her, breaking the news of a dear one's death, and with a sympathetic postmistress, and the necessity of cashing a £3 cheque to communicate the sad news to relatives, the path of the swindler was made easy. It was this same smart dodger who recently distinguished herself by shinning over a 6-ft. fence, and discomfiting a couple of policemen, who vainly imagined they had made a cApture. Our attention has been drawn /to an easily understood and worked aerating and bottling plant, which produces the maximum of effect in the minimum of space. Messrs. Eckfersley & Son, of 60, Madelinestreet, Carlton, Melb., are the proprietors, and in doing away- with the old cumbrous and expensive machinery for aerating and bottling, they have conferred a big boon upon a very large class, including ship-owners, hotel- keepers, chemists, caterers, and others. The entire - plant' ocbupies about a square yard of room, and consists of three parts, a cylinder containing carbonic "gas, whieh charges a copper cylinder, % in. thick and tin-lined inside, containing the water. This water cylinder is connected by a tube with a turn-over bottling machine, the advantage of the over-turn being that the old waste of the syrup, when the bottle is inserted, is entirely prevented. Mr. Eckerley is a stalwart elderly gfentleman, and the little plant looked a mere trine beside him as he demonstrated its merits for the writer's benefit. It is easily understandable' that, as he said^ny lad or boy could work the machine from start to finish. A gauge on the gas cylinder shows the pressure, and the water cylinder has been tested to a pressure of 300 lbs. The machine, which is interchangeable, being admirably adapted for supplying counter fountains,. and one can serve a dozen shops. - It has bottled 300 dozen in a day, and Is. worth of gas will cover 12 dozen. On account of its effectiveness, simplicity, and cheapness, there should be large intercolonial demand for the machine in all seasons, especially in those that call for unlimited supply of all kinds of mineral waters.* The final competition of the Literary Societies Union came off on Thursday- evening last in the presence of His Excellency ; Sir Thomas Fowell Buxton, Mr. J. H. Symon, Q.C., and a crowded audience. Amongst the elocutionists Messrs. Heggie, Beeton, Forrester, and Best secured first prize for the ghost scene ;from "Hamlet." Miss. R. Isaacs was placed first amongst the lady reciters for her rendering of Tennyson's " The Victim." Miss K. C. Wylie and Miss M. Hall coming next in merit. Mr. 0. P. Heggie won the gentleman's elocution prize with "Virginia," with Mr. Maurice. Ralph a good second. The part singing contest was won by the Y.M.C.A. four. Miss Olga Nienaber was the successful solo vocalist, Mr. W. S. Dean being first among the gentlemen. Mr. E. Wood filled the first place as an impromptu speaker. Charity is just now quite a fashionable craze in Melb., and, like other fashionable crazes, - it threatens to run to absurd extremes. One of its many phases is the difficulty in tapping persons who, while well able to pay, take all the hospital relief they can absorb " for nix." This prompted a young gentleman to write to Melb. Hospital committee, recently, offering himself as an inquiry agent to shadow discharged free patients with a view to discovering how much bullion they owned. The offer was not considered of much importance, and was submitted to the special committee, whose task is to bring more grist to the relief mill. 