THE TRICKERY OF SOUND. Some curious experiences wg.. regard to the trickery of sound occurred to me tiring undergraduate days at Camb ridge, to which I attribute an early pre- A delietion for the science and study of t acoustic. .While yet an out-collegel, muait, I was unexpectedly offered a set f of rooms in the Old Court of Trinity, which rooms had been somewhat hur riedly vacated by a man of uncertain health and nervous temperament, who assigned no satisfactory reasons for suddenly going into lodgings. It was the cominencenment of a dull October term, and I remember how the bed maker warned mle against tile rooml, which she characterised as "dreadful dismal." The cause, however, of this forbidding description was not revealed to me till some weeks afterwards, whoa boisterous winds chianced to set in with t gloomy November weather,i about which pecriod.l wchen sitting np reading, I usdc:l frequently to hear low, monting sounds, t as if some creature were in distress somewhlere in the lane outside. No one could explain the pheinomenon. and it was not until months afterwards that I myself searched for the cause, atndl after some little dillculty discovered it. It was comnonuplace enough. In a side room a piece of wall-paper pasted across i chink had developed a crack, leaving two jagged or toothed edges, which runder certain conditions of draught, vibrated rapidly togetliher,form ing, as it.were, -. reed, and thus produc nii tile sound above described. That .ghost; like all, others in my ex perience, was readily laid ; but another uncanny and nlore noteworthy occur 'cucce shortly afterwards taught lme yet mlore clearly how capricious sounds niay become, and how hard to locate or ex plain. In a neighboring staircase there lived tI beg pardon, "kept") another friend of mine, a luna of much tougher fibre, who was reading-and over-read ing-for a imedical exam., and once, through a sleepless night he was driven to distraction by what, in the morning, hm6 described as mysterious voices hp iarently in the court outside. aceom pauled by rappings oil a till tray or the like; yet, often as he rose and went to the wiillow, there was nothling to be seen, and at last his over- wrought nerves gave way, and were not to lie relieved until some of his friends succeeded in finding the cause of his disturbanil e, which was this : Over tile way. ill Cains College, where building was go ing on, an engine ha;d broken down. a:nd workmnen had been emnlployed through the night tinkering it up. This was the sole and sufficient explanation. It sati' factorily accounted for the existence of Inidnighlt vOIces alld for tile weird talp pings, excited imagination supplying all the rest. The instructive factl. howeve: brought home to my iind was how nu alccountably sounds may seenl to behave thenmselves when the mind fails to iul terpret them aright, and how strangely different a familiar noise may sound when heard amid dead silence. It has been ily good fortune more than ollnce since then to dispel idle imlaginings that had been the cause of rcll disturbance and distress. Ociasiolls have also alrisen whiclh have stimlulated me to coansirnclt sound instruments which, in performlung co' tain novel functions, should attain ob jects of practical value. For examnple, on the occasion of an ann:lul flower 'show held in my grounds, it has been niecessary to sumlnmon visitors, many hinidreds in lluPlllnber, and scattered over a large area. to certain side shows. A horn or bell conveyed nothing in parti cular. but a specially made trulmpet. rigged on a scaffold 30 feet hligh. conl manded the whole ground, and a polite invitation gently spoken to the four swinds hlas been easily heard by all. Somne ten years ago my attention was accidentally directed towards kindred acousticll problems by circulmstances which again may be considered as out side conluon experience. By tile kind ness and courtesy of the late Deanu fhurcih. I had been granted the privi lege of iimaklng iUC or at. Paul'm caite dral for carrying out certain experi inents dealing with terrestrial imagne tism. I had chosen for my purpose a lquiet summer's night, and all due ar rangenlents having been nlade, I com menced a long vigil, sitting alone for hours in the loftiest chimber of the building watching the reaidings of an instrumnent, while a colleague watched a similar instrument in the crypt 400 feet below. It was while occupying this elevated position, with attention well braced, and in that night silence which falls even over our great Me tropolis, that I learned how remark ably certain sounds can be recorded over vast distances. The measured trlmpl of the pollicumanu rang as sharp or sharper than if I had been on the pavement be side him. The fog-horn of the bicycle then in vogue-could be heard streets away, and railway whistles on distant lines and hooters on the shipping far down the river seemed une:rthly in their carrying power and clearness. The experiences of that night were fur ther confirmed on yet another occasion, when, about the same period, I chanced to make my first balloon voyage, and when, by rare fortune, our balloon drif ted over the very heart of London and almost directly over St. Paul's Cathedral, at an elevation of 3000 feet above its golden cross. It was a noteworthy voy age, and deeply impressed on my mind afterwards by the fact that it was one of the last conducted by the late Captain Dale, who shortly afterwards lost his life while ascending fromn the Crystal Pal ace grounds. It was while we were main taining a high elevation lhat we mnade out Keimington Oval immediately below us, and we could actually watch a game of cricket in progress. Soon, how ever, it became apparent that play was Isuspended, and then, manifestly in our honor, a ringing cheer came up with a distinctness that I was wholly unprepar ed fo. I learned, then, that an English cheer is a very arousing, and may be come a very astonishing sound; but my wonder grew as we swept on and pre sently caught the rattle of the streets below, wvhich soon increased and grew to a deafening roar positively painful 1ly Sits harshness and intensity. So far, these I experiences were but proofs of the great carrying power aloft of loud and fami liar natural noises, but I was no.w to be I impressed quite equally with the Dpene tration into upper air of Nature's softer tmusic. It was squally weather that day, I and, as evening ,approached the wind I grew i'ough with gathering storm. We \- were at that time scudding fast over I Hertfordshire, where the country was :well timiberdd, ailnd .ever as we passed high over woods, then in full foliage, I a soft murmur would fill our ears, and I it seemed almost incredible that thils was Sbut the tossing trees singing to us half I a mile below. There were other sounds, I of course. Anon would come the bark of a dog from-where? Or the whistle of a t train scarcely yet visible in the distalnce deep down. Altogether it was firmly Impressed 5 upon mue from that time onwards that a \- balloon ascent properly arranged would \- offer an exceptional opportunity for I studying many problems in sound whichl could not fall to. repay' fresh investiga 1 tion and experiment; and it is not a little Seurlous that, althouigh acoustics have oc Scupied the special attention of many " scientists, no one has come forward to systematically use the balloon in the ser vice of that all-important branch of I seience.-"Strand Magazine." 1 The Prince of Wales once said a smart thing in replyto some one who, speaking of the spread of Socialism, asked him, "What would you do, your Royal High ness, if England became a RIepublic, and \- you lost your title and income?". ."Oh." said the Prince, "there would always be a the chance of lecturoing in America." PuAtNorfolk, Virginia, a lion-tamer con eluded his ierformance by placing his, head in alion's mouth. The animal bit r theihead right off. and afterwards wlth"a crmanion. terribly mangled the body., 