ANOTHER CMFORTERf B' hil' l-e. P 1. MeverHAt Chrts Chiurch, westinistiti .And I will pray -the Father. and -He shall gle 'o-d nu6otheriComnforter.-John 14, 16. - "" "An6therCon?fortgr,' or Paracletaeise Iaster said.- The Church: has two- .di'a-. cates, the one rvith' the. Esher .in Hea? ven; theotiier in her mid,?: forw woehave been bui!ded: together an saic habitotion of God throughi the Spiri?t?.?'"e,' said the Apostle, speaking ofathe:Cl'urch.col letv!rely, 'are :tile templeP of. the5H4y Ghost." Whn" the. one advocate went up, the olher came down ito. be.to tach betllev-er and to the whole Church,. ,all it:at-the Lord Jes?s would have.o?cen lhad tl rministry of thei'):days been in; definit?- prolo-cnd... ,., . THIS- IS:THE h'SECRET o, P£h.r,6 By:.the Spirit. in .th",iicer .eair brought into ltflin- sypE hyw the .ajoureoner tho thron, andw-.q raturally •-"- k.co-.thos.ethings wait ft is t.he wil of Godtortve: lie .00Ofuetireis th Clurce i-.ma up of ittuividual beivrs mtt~ttanenlce of the IIvtr-e Spir i-he ol n depende on His immnisnanec~in-i'h: ' Hdis in dwvolling itn :otyt-iiltduasiit is ncc "'-sorily piroductir" 01 sil anna'- of Chre't-fonnrg n.dest'-ong, grace prqoducing redul".''Il ollc? i ,is: thle ht -vitbhle 6~icorie 'of theldwel';inln of the Holy Ghost rwhen .eis vennltt-,1 entire and undiseip ed supreamacy Of these our space forbid enm6r.e thLifi this mere 'natentiotlas'is we wish etch to eniiot'me ate tlid;ospeciafunctions of' '. -Sprit of God'intir-ect oth'ta Church s rilesicn lt 'tlin wo,-.d" L-sHiE:"ANOINTINf FIJNCTaION. Her?.too, there ids ~ ri arkkbie parallel betaeen the. ex-.ieiic_:.Joi Chdi s t nd of ains Church.;:Not only ,--si He conceived of, theIHoly?Chdesth'bt -iwhen the long preparatorv perio' his pased, He was anointed for His :iirk as the great Ser vant of IGod.; H P~stooped to associate Himself i?ith sinners -by: submitting to ;baptism in the waters of iJor-dan. and immnediately the.Spirit of God, who had rbeen in Him, descended upon Him. and HIe was" able to say, 'The Spirit of t-,.the Lo'rd is upon Mee, be cause he . hath anointed 'Ie to preach.' .,.This was our Saviour's Pentecost, the hour in which He was endued with: power, and was filled by te Spirit. hoot 'by measure, but in i -limitdble abuinidance. " S'nilsalr ,whetn 'te Church was essay ing to undertake her great mission to th'e ?.orildto preach the Gospel to the po?r .,o proclaim liberty to the captive, theofienring of the prison to the bound, she 'tob, was anointed for her work. Not a~astep might she stir, though the world i'as linticking at her doors; till dhe had i-en thuis endued with power fromt on high. Ever since then, thle Risen Christ has been ANOINTING AND ENDUING MEN. The oil which has been so copious;y pour ed on the head of our Aaron descends to each fragment of 3-tis sacred dress that claims the sacredC chrism.- The Lord received the Itoly Ghost as an individual at the Jordanl, but IHe receive'd Him again. so Peter tells us. wlhen H-e as ceonded up on high, and this time as our Head and iRepresentative -(Acs ii. 33). lie hans been infilled that He may infil, anoin:ted that He may anoint, endued that He may endue. Though in all this it must be remembered- that Wre are not ntoW touching on His Divine Nature, but on His office as the High Priest of His Church. As a river pouring over a mountainside fills the large tarns and lakes below, so the nature of God pours into tlhe Divine human nature of the Son, and it by the Spirit into all hearts that by faith claim His infilling. HIeS ADMINISTERING FUNCTION. Throughout the Book of the Acts, we find that tile Holy Ghost is the prime mover and administrator. Hie said to Peter, "Thr-ee men seek for thee, go with them. I have sent for them;" He said, "Sepa.rate me Barnabas and Saul;"'He cottrolled the movements of the Apostle, "the Spirit of Jesus suffered them not;" Ite was so evidently present in the Church, that the first official document ran thus; "It seems good to the Holy Ghost. and to us." Hie struck down those that lied against. His Divine Ina jesty. These are instances out of many. Indeed, there is not a chapter in the Acts which does not contain some refer ence to the administrative function of the Holy Ghost. And what iwas true of tile early Church has been true in the history of tle unIversal Church in every age, and might be true of each separate one. \IM Ibloved friend, the late Dr. Gordon, to long talks with whom on this subject I owe so much, once told me that in his e?arlier ministry he was more anxious to administer an'd guide his church thani in Inter years. 'He found that he 'Was at tempting work which the Holy Spirit could do'better. It was enough, there fore, to preach perpetually on the work of the Holy Spirit, to keep his people's ihnds directed towards it, and to' be lieve that the Spirit Hlmsrlf would einer iise through the church to the perfeot realising of all, Its possibilities'- ' THE CO-OPERATING FUNCTION. A scientific lecturer oft Ic employs the enrvlces of a demonstrator, who, by the xperiments he performs, or' the figures he challks: on the blackboad. pie~sents to the eye wihat thspeaker.is pre~enting to thle ear. This co-operationi i l!ke the double lens .o the bhinocular. glass, and the impicssion of the conjoint wit ne-ss is proportionatcly gre'at. o, ever since the day of Pentecnst when e ser rant of Christ has sto-d up in the right condition, o soul, a'rd ihs 5ie'ving e!' lowship with th. Divine Spirit, he has' been a failow-witnoss to . th. G',Mpd-. "WVe are w\itnessR n the?e thlings. shd. so is also the T'oly Ghost.." Tiillst thlese t-vanr ,:f God is ielshorat ing ani inforcing th.e ualhdi dslosed t6 him through the Di.le, at the nmm: ?t that h.e is sPi-nking the Spirit of God .is at work. convicting of :mi:, righte'iusness and judg'mnt; de rnonstrating the truthl.'of o'hat is ad vamnced, and diriving the arrow home In the joints of the bh:?rnes. It is ?a mis alkte, therefore, t~o argue for the Gospe!; it is bette-r r:tr to bear witness to it. This is our function. "e shall be wit sne.ses? unto Mse." But it is higihly im lortant that we pr5s1n: Cori-t i His Gospel. The Spiirit is liot bsund to add His testimoanr t, aught els. Not to bulrst?es of eloqluen~, nor to rc:lrns of e-ssays Sn the last stik"e, nor 'o phIil c,.so1hy aied Scinll('. ibut to the truth as it is in 5Slus, is the FSDirit responsive. If c·me a, m:no lIarns to rely on this, it makes him wonderfully calm :llnd still. I-Iis fury:' and ,passionr will not be of av::il* but if .he reily knows "the com mun~on," or partnership, "'f thre IIoly Spirt'," that will answer all. RIS . iJPBlUiLDING FCNCTihiN. Between tilhe irs' and s.csiond Adv-cen's Godl is formulating a no:w human!ity. 'lhii H-lead was constituted in tsh Incarnation. but espe:irlly in the deatih and resurree tion of the second Adam. The body is being added, soul by soul. It is worth our while to give full meanini to the phiase, "Believscs w.ere the more added to dhe Lord" (Acts v., It). They were, of course, added to the Church, ibut be fore that they had been a:ldded to the L.ord.. They were addelild to thie Church because ithey had been added to the .Lord. This is a special function of the Holy Spirit to attract and draw men to the HIead. lae .does this through the Church. Thus the Body of Christ is being built up. In the purpose of God we may say, as David did of his natural body, "In Thy booli all my members were written, .lwhich - in continuanae .were ,f:shionrd~l. Tllhat is the point;.the mno kers of the Lordts: mysticalM hodiy:ai being fashioned in contlnuance;land Is.H each new frgro.ent isadded; ittbacomes the vehicle or. channel- throughr *hidli Ihe energy of thl-loly- Ghost p55sses:to incorporate still more. " HIS IREVEALING zl.iUNCTJON;?X Q The oziVe in of thesflessed Spirit!tis to glo:rif 'tli io.uS.our, as theaIm -of:fthe "ifuloir i i-s to glorifr :thieFather' i i'£e er' expressionsr th:at weire:dpplicablejin thisi 'onnetionto,. the .Loird :are- equally sb tothe'Sipirit. :Compare,: for instance, the 'twao Ire-arikable-sentence':,"I have not spoken frorm 'fy'elf," and tie shall nots?9~ek from Himself." < , " If::IS we ?nly :so speak, thle Holy Spirit shionlk'sfrolo :dr.wing attention to Him eilf ::Hf i? igl:tddest when all the light thift He can focus shines full on the face of Jeus, 'nd men. are taken up with iiiin 'AIT that detracts from the -pre emilence of Christ in the heart-life and t'holight-lIfe of His people is an iminclis grief to Himi whose mission is to glirify Him by taking of the .ithlings-that-sre His, ,mid revealing .them to, thos?"*who love. TI:e life which is, most l?~'?lvaded by the Spirit of nesu.l will hi:e-n.motcio( the h~iuty of His chlaraster .rrialected:in it. . 'Tid- thu spirit which;is racllY' Spirit filled vIl1 tall meroe of. .,1h" Lord-. Jeus tliin "of t fh~ cracious A.gent, a ,is, joy is to Tcveasl Ilim,and to be .im~sif un seen. 