THE NOVELIST. THE VOICE ON THE §t'AiRS. (6Y RITA.) "Then it's not true, Molly )" " No, darlin' Don't be-payin' any heed to sick stories. Thrne is it ? Haven't I been here at Riarfurly since I was the height of yerself ? Don't I remember zee gran'father, ould Sir Lucius ? An, 'twas he was the fine gintleman wid an oath always handy, and the masterful way wid him-for he couldn't bear contradiction-and for the matter of that no more can yer own father. I nursed him and Mister Standish, and I was here whin yer mother came as a bride, and I had ye in my arms whin ye was born, and as I tould ye before nirer a sight nor a sound av any ghosts, and being so long in the family they'd have been payin' their respects to m-'self before this if they'd have had any sort av dacent manners at all at all." " It's not a ghost, it's a voice," persisted the child. " And Gallaghaa was telling me about -it. It's a whisoer. she says, comes down the long corridor, and it's a warning to the person e ho hears it, and if they don't heed it something dreadful happens to them." " Well, that's a m'ghty sensible ghost I'm thiukin'," said Molly Magrath. "For people generally do come to grief, darlin', whin they disregard warnings-if so be the warnin' is sensible at all. to may be Mary Gallaghan had sone truth on her tongue for once. But there-come and sit and baveyer tay, child and don't be worritin yer pretty head wid ghosts and thim sort." The child drew near to the tea-table. She t' as a small, pale slip of a creature, with a frightened look in her soft blue eyes, and chit sy"rinking nervous manner which is in itself an a ivertisement of unhappy child hood. And Manren O'Farrall was unhappy with that hopel -s< unhappiness which is the out come of erushe t feelings, tyrannous usage, and gen ral misunderstanding. She was the only chill f two singnlarly unsuited parents, and had I iii in an atmosphere of storms and d sa.rt ments ever since she could re member. Her mother was a beautiful woman, high ap'rited, passionate and reckless, who had married a wan much older than herself for sake of his wealth and position. She found herself in the power of a tyrant, the victim of incessantj -alousy, and the butt of a temper alternately cynical and morose. When after three years of this life she gave birth to a daughter instead of an heir she had filled the cup of her offending. The O Farrall property would have to pass to a brother of bir Lucius, whom he hated and had quarrelled with years before. He brooded over this fact until he had maguifi. d it into a wrong jointly committed by mother and child. Poor little Maureen grew up in the shadow of fear. . Her mother cared little for her, her father was only an object of terror to her young mind, and her only friend comforter was her old nurse, Holly Mlagrath, to whom her troubles were always confided, and who tended and cared for her with all her honest loving heart. Still it was a sad life and a lonely one for the child. Ranfurly, her father's property, was situated in a wild and desolate part of the west coast of Ireland. The house itself was old and gloomy, and she used to creep about the great rooms like an uneasy spirit, afraid of the rustling hanrings the at windows, of the shadows lurki g in the deep recesce, afraid most of all of the great corridor to which the famous oak staircase led --a vast space ill-lighted, and full of mysterious corners, and hung with ancient family pic. tures whose gloomy faces and strange fine) eyes used to terrify the little girl as she flitted by on her way to the nursery where alone were light and air and brightness tobe found. On this evening when she had finished her tea Maureen drew her own little chair up to the bright fire, and sat there leaning her fair head against her rurse's knees and listening to her kindly chatter. " Molly," said the ch Id at last. "Why doesn't Uncle Standish ever come here now?" " Faix, 4srlin', it is not for the likes of me to be giving raysons for family quarrels." " There was a quarrel I kno.y," continued the child. "1I heard my flthcr speaking about it to-day, and mamma got so pale and looked so angry." "Did they say anything about yer comin' down to the party, darlin' 2" asked Molly. "I've got yer whiteyeilk frock ready for ye in case ye might be wantin' it." Maureen shook her head. " No," she said. ." I'm sure they don't wish me to come down. And indeed I'd rather be here, Molly. 'I he old woman stroked her fair hair 'silently, and they both sat gat ng into the fire and listening to the rising triad as it sighed and wailed round the gloomy house. "'Twill be a wild night for the party," said Molly at Met. " Not that the quality care for a t~hrile of bad weather in these p arts. Ye vias sayin'about yer uncledarlin.' I did hear gonie talk ax his comin' to- night. but p-rhsph yet mamma tould ye 7" "*No," sie Said; " nothing. Is he really coming, lijoily 2' "I couldn't say for sartin, darlin', but there mutt be somethin' in it us the red ro )m han been got ready. an' 'tIas always his room. It's many a long year sinde he set foot in Hanfurly. Aix, 'ts he has tte kind heartS, as ivertyone knows-maybe a bit too soft .wherc the ladies is consarneal." She stopped abruptly, remembering the keen young cars strained for her innautious Swords; I" Oh, I do hope he will come," exclaimed M Aaursin, : " Do yoV think he will ask to see' me, Molly. Surely mamma wouldn't mini and yet-." Her eyes contracle1, and a little puzzled frown drew he- smooth brows together. She was trying to remember something-'soms words that in that stormy encounter bete'een her parents had flasheA like steel froni Its scabbard and struck her mother pale and dumb. " If it we'e Standish, and he were in my place I Po ynu fancy I am blind, my lady, because I don't choose to see ? Yet-" And then she had slipped away and left them. What hid the words meant ? Did her mother really wish the younger brother were in the place of the elder ? Ownerani master of Baufurley- one beloved where the one was hated. One respected where the other was only feired ? "'S'will be a grand party intirely," cui tinued Molly picsantly. "Twinty-four to dinner at laste. Au' wasn't I lookin' at yer mother's dimiindq this very mornin' an' thins sparklin' that lovely on the satin of her gown." " I wish I could see her," said Maureen wistfully. " Well, and why not ?" said Molly colly. ' You've only to stand at the corner where the corridor turns and ye'll see her come out av her room en' go down the staircase. Ah I 'tis she is the beautiful creature whin she's die se.!, an' wid the jules on her white neck as grand as any Quane, God bless nor I" " But that corner is always so dark," said the child with a little shudder. " An' what av that 7 Who's goin' to hurt ye, dark or no? There's no place ye'lt see her so well, )rarrin' the dining-room itself ; au' ye say they've not axed ye to go in at all ?" Maureen shook her fair head. Then sud denly she rose and leant her arms on Molly's lap, her little wistful face upturned to the only one that had ever shone with love and tenderness for her. "I wish, Molly," she said, "I was a woman." " Oh, darlin', don't he wishin' any sich at thing at all. 'Tis a power av sorrow they've to bear, and w.rke craytures at the best. Me' self, I never throubled me head about the bhoys. There river was one i'd be talkin' to the whole country round. There was Andy Boyle as was throwin' an eye at me once," she went on reflectively, " but divil a bit av use. Au' a poor husband he'd have made, seeing 'tie three times in gaol he's been since Christmas. I mind once his arm was round me waist, but I up a a' jumps out av the plice afore it fver got any further! But there, darlin', don't ye be thinkin' on thim subjects, for swatebeatts are poor things, and not worth the havin' whin we've got thi n. Not that the gurls belave it; an' niver a one in the parn h but has her heart set on a wine-colored cashmere lo be married in, and lets the first mau as comes al ng put the s comedher' on her. An' what's the end av it? Living on tho cuippingt av tin, as like as not, for want av a look round the corner instead av a jump in the dark." The child sighed anud slipped down agai~n on the rug by Molly's side. " Two hours yet before the quality will be arrivin'," remarked Molly presently. " And me lady will be wantin' me to help her dress in an hour. It's a shame Sir Lu-ius doesn't let her have her own maid, not that there'd be much for 4 maid to do, and thim stuck-up foreign maddams wouldn't live a month in a place like th's, for the mns'ress tried kapin' one whin she first married, an' niver a one wad stay." "M Mama a goes out very seldom," said the child. " Threue for ye, darlin', an' 'tie moighty rare to have any entertalnin' here either. Sorra a bit av a party have I seen fir those eight months till to-night. WhistI what a niebt too! The wind's moania' round the place like a laygion of banshees I" " Perhaps," said Maureen, "the peeple won't come, Molly." 4 Oh, they'll come, darlin', fast enoug J. 'where's not too much divarsion in thewe parts at the best of times, and weather's nit likely to stop it whin there's a -chaice ay any." " I should like to see them," said Maureen, wistfully. " Will all the ladies be as beanti ful as mamma?" "As beautiful, is it ? Fa'th no ! 'T would be hard to bate her, agra. Not that she's the same woman she was ten years ayo, but time and trouble, darlin', have a dale to answer for wid us women But there-don't be looking so soleinn child. It's nothing to do widl ye. Now ci' y:r doll or yer books an' play here ti~l I c.. me back to ye. An' mind, if ye want to hri ve a sight of yer mother jist go down to the corridor and wait under the big picture where the turn is to the staireas3 and ye'l! see her beautifnt. An' don't ye be thinkin'r of gbost's and sich like, for they're balnt n >sich tisinga, 'barrin' a banshee or sco:P carsstoviut theraalgiutry. Now ye Wont I-c lonesome, wil1 ye I" " Oh, no," said the child, cheerfully, as she t'sok her du.ll from its cradle. and then went over to her favorite shelf of fairy tales to select a v huiv3. She Eeated herself once more by the fire and hecames absorbed in the sad adventures of " The Little Merm-'id." She did not know how long or short a time had passed, when the door opened quietly arsd someone came Into the room. Sec glanced up, thinking It must be Idolly, but to cer surprise it was a stranger- a men middle-aged, but strikingly hacdsome, with a kindly smile on his lips as lie men her startled eyes. *" Why, Maureen," he said, "lJittle Maureei. Zlon't you know me 2' She rose to her feet, oby and wondering. "l%'o," she said. " Who are 'you 7" " I am your uncle Standish," he answered. " I thought I would like to ace my little 'friend agalnr. for~ we wore gyeat fIdends, Maureen, the last time I was here. Let me see that was four, no five years ago. You are ten years old now, are you not ? ' " Ten years to-day," said the child. No one had remembered her birthday save only her faithful old nurse, Molly. No good wishes or presents had celebrated it for her. " I knew that," said her unc.e smiling. "And if you will come here and give me a kiss, and say, ' How do you do uncle Stan dish f' I, will show you a little present I have here for you." There was no resisting that kindly voice and face. The little girl forgot her shyness and went over aq he had asked. It seemed strange that he had remembered what her own parents had ignored. He bent down to the pale little face and kissed it. " May Sou have many more birthdays, little one," he said, "and may each be happier than the last. And now here is your present." He took a small, case from his pocket, and opening it revealed a locket, with her mono gram in pearls, and suspended from a fine gold chain. The child gave a cry of rapture. It seemed to her the by leet thing she had ever seen. She could scarcely believe it was meant for her, even wbhn her uncle un coile, the chain and fastened it round her neck. " . h, how gcod of you to think of me," she cried. " No one else did-except Molly." " And your mother, surely ?""he said. The child slo. k her fair head. "No, I think she forgot," she said, simply. " Per haps it was bemause of the party to-night. I suppose that is why you came," she added gravely. n An odd expression shadowed Standish O'Farrall's expressive face. " Yes," he asid, "that is why .1 came, And. I remembered it was your birthday, and I thought you would come down to dinner also." She glanced down at her simple free childish pinafore. " Oh, no," she said. " They would not let me do that." " Not even to dessert ?" he said. " Pcr ha pa if I spoke to your father-" Some remembrance of the scene of the morning flashed. across the child's brain. " Oh, please do not," she cried entreat. ingly. " They-I mean father-wou!d only be angry, and I am much happier here." He saw she was In earnest, almost pain. fully so, and ceased to press the point. " Well, come and sit on my knee and talk to me," he sa'd cheerfully, and took Molly Magrath's big easy chair and drew Maureen towards him. She had quite got over hejhyness now, and sprang lightly' on his knee and began to talk to him in her quaint, old-fashioned way in answer to his questions. They were laughing together over some story he was telling her when again the door opened and Maureen, to her amazement, saw her mother enter the nursery. It was alto gether so unusual a proceeding on the part of Lady O'Farrall that the child stared at her in speechless surprise. Her hair was dressed, but sha had only thrownon a loose sort of wrapper, through whose;sheeny silken folds her neck and arms and the beautiful contour of her figure was plainly visible..., Her cheeks were brightly ilushed, her eyes shone like stars. To the child she was as ever-the embodiment of all feminine loveliness. The itan looked at her with sad, grave eyes, in which reluctant ad miration showed itself. He put the child down, and they advanced and stdok hands. " You found your way here, then ?" she said in a low voice. "I have only just heard you had arrived." She took no more notice of the child than if she had been a block of wood ; only beckoned hiniaaside. to the window and kept him there for a few moments in earnest con versation. Maureen wonaered what they were talking. about. She only cagoht stray words here and there. It seemed as if her mother were urging something to which her uncle ob. jected; but be pleaded vainly against her urgent persuasion, and one by one she com bated his arguments, until, balf-reluctantly, he gave the prdtnise she demanded. " I tell you," she said at last, " it is life or death. I must have the' money,.and thiuds the only way.' At least they are worth £10,000. Live here a day longer I cannot I will not I' .He gave a warning" glance in Maureen'a direction, tut the child had talken up her book, and was paying no attention to them. A br'Tef time .longer . Lady O"Farrall lingered 'talking in the ,same subdued, whispers ; then declaring that 'she would scarcely have time to dress, she hurried away, only nodding carelessly to the little girl as she passod her., It seemed to Maureen that a change came over her uncle Standish. His face icet its genial smile, his eyet looked sombre and un easy. He no longer laughed and chattered to her, but stood with his elbow on the man telpiece, gamang into the bright lire. The cbi~d's fine' tact 'kept her from dise turbing him. She had been well schooled in self-suppression. After a while he seemed to remember her presence ia~d once me' ro hegan to talk to her. But the chain was snapped: It was an 'effort ti him isnstea-i of an aumusement, and very soon he bade her good-night to go to his rooom to dress for dinner. "I am staying the night here, you know." he said. " So 'I shall see yo'u again." lie bent down and kitese her 'and then stood for a moment, his hand on her hand, lodklng sadly at the fair hair and the little wistful face. " Ah, why wveren't you a boy, Maureen r', he said., sadly.' "And my enemy inatbad of, youriather's ?" Than he went away, It was well Lhat neither of them knew what would have hap penod in that ill-fated household before they meet again. Maureen grew more and more restless as the time went on. At last she decided she would go down to the long corridor and en deavor to see her mother at she passed in her bravery of satin and jewels to the reception room below. She stole down the stairs as the clock pointed to five minutes before the hour, and made her way to the corner of which Molly had spoken. 4t was certainly obscure enough to shelt r'her, 'for the cor- dor was aiwa: a ii .lit, and even to-night proved no excep tion. She had scarcely taken up her position when the door of her mother's drevsing-room opened, and she came out. The child looked at her in-brceithless awe. A vision so lovely seemrnd to Ii r lmost unnatural. Her gown of white nsatin-trailed behind her ; diamonds glisteire I on her. white throat and arms. She passed along like a queen ip her'beautyand began to descend the stairs.' Suddenly it seemed to thechildthat a cold wind swept through the gloomy corridor. It sighed past her like a living yoice and in its mournful passage a strange sound wailed out, and then died into the silence. Was it fancy or had a word really sounded? The child felt as if an icy hand had seized her in its grip. She bad no power to move or speak. Suddenly her mother's voice broke sharply and yet with a thrill of fear in its clear notes across the stillnse. " Who spoke ?" it said, and she half-turned and stood looking up the stairs she had des cended, one hand on the oaken balustrade, the light falling on her p.ae and startled face. There, was no answer. She stood as if expectant, then turned again and went on down the broad hairs, the satin of her gown rustling faintly as she moved. Maureen scarcely waited for that trailing echo to cease ere wi h a low cry she dashed from her hidang-olace and into the dressing rcom wh re Molly stood putting away the odds and ends of her mistress' complete toilette. "Saints and angel, child l what's the matter at all ?" she exclaimed, as Maureen flew to her, crying and trembling in sheer bodily terror. But the child. was almost speechless, and it took all the old 'woman's power of scold ing and soothing combined to calm her into her old sel again. - "There is a voice, Molly," she cried, and that was all she won'd say. " There is a voice. I heard it, and mother heard it as she passed down the stairs." "A voice, accushla 1" -and the old woman crossed herselt hurriedly. " Oh, shure, it's dramin' ye are. 'Tis the wind howling= didn't I hear it meself t" But Maureen only shook her head and maintained that not only had she heard the strange whisper, but her mother must have done so, for she had paused and turned to call up the s'airs and asked who had spoken. Molly Magrath ceased to argue the point; she bustled about, tyding the room, and then made up the fire and took the child back to her nursery. But even when she was undressed and safe in her own little bed, Maureen could not sleep. She started at the slightest Esound, and grew more feverish and restless as the night wore on. To please Maureen, . Molly 1\. ft the night lamp burning when she went to her own bed in the adjoining room, and, bidding the child shut her -eyes and try to sleep she set herself to follow her own advice. The sound of carriage wheels died away at last. The silence of night descended pn the house. Still.Maureen lay there wide'awake, her eyes stas-rg at the light, her brain filled with a thousand strange "and thronging fancies. The very stillness of the room 'be= came oppressive. The sighing of the wind had grown fitful as the gale died away. The hound of a clock striking in the dis tance reached the child's ears. One-two-. It was two o'clcck in the morning. She longed to slerp; she drew the clothes over her head and lay quite still as she had been taught to do wvhen quite a little thing. A lulling calm began to steal over her excited brain. Its unnatural activity ceased 'to tor ment her. She seemed to be slowly drifting away un a dark sea, and thought forp time was extinguished by the torpor of sleep. Whether hours or mom nts had passed she could not tell,'bnt suddenly she started up, wide awake, feeting as if the low, muffled slhrek she had heard was still ringing tin her ears. .All was silent. The room was hull in shadow, the tire had died out, the lamp was bta fceble glinamer- of eihausted ligft. An impulse overpowering and forcible uiadeiaer spring from hei bed and' rush to thei door. Outelde all was darkness buta gleamoastnoon light'fell through the uncurtained window of the lancing place, and sent a milkj track wandering along to the .head of the stAircase. tahe crept 'along Ihat track led bi sipme dim instinct. II'he fantastlc tunfu t ini leer brain had grown snddenly calm, a I fear had left her, she only felt, that she must go on and dawn to the long corridor. It -was from there the shriek bad avoended. Step by step, one small, hold hand cllnging to' the balustrade, her eyes widio and strained, guided only by tite quiveripg 'liie of moon light, she made her way downwaids. The corridor was dusk, and fello6f shlmows. One solitary latpp was Eickcring on a bracket. There was no otlher light, 'but it aseened to Maurcen as if sexterral illnrmindt on coul4 ha'ro shown her no mnore than .she felt the saw-a white figure lying still and allsent at the head of she great staircase. * Horor seized the child as she gazed down at the bloodless face, the staring eyes trans fixed by terror' unutterable, the pasted i'ps , and glkamibg ivory teeth. $lla crouuge( down beside the -sottoaleid Corm, and her hands touched the still warm body, but it was - growing. momentarily more stiff and rigid. Maureen started up and acreamed aloud. Inna momont doors were opened, lights flashbng, and all was confusion and dismay. She remembered no more. * * The slienite of desolation and ill-repute had descended in ..'anfurly House. The traglcdeathptfLady O'J!arrall had never been quite satisfActorily ejplained. To those who had seen her at her .cinjiar-table that night, lovely, joyo*, radiant faith. health and life, -it seemed altogether. horrible to think that a few hours la!er she' 'hd: been found mur dered in her own house. Robbery 'was supposed to have been the motive of the'crime, for her diamonds were gone, and no trace of them had ever been d4iebovered. The robber must have been =seeteted in tle house: an easy matter enough on that night when~iloot and windows were 'open in all directiopa, and so many strange servants about that an unfamiliar face wound have excitect no remark. At the inquest nothing was discnvered in the way of'4 clue, and the usual verdict, "Murder by; Some person unkown," ended the mystery of that tragic night. Standish )' 'arrall never vrosEed his bro ther's threshmold, never 'Wat seen to speak to him again fIom that hour. As soon as the funeral and investigations were over Sir Lucius abut up the 'house, leaving only three or four old servants to take care of it, sent Maureen toa school and went abroad. Eight years afterwards he was found dead in his bed in a third-rate hotel in ?atip, where he had been living. Death was certified as due to h' rt coin- pltint, acceldiated tby fist living and abuse of stimulants. After h's death, his brother, Sir'Standisli, succeeded to the property, and came to live At Banfurly. Maureen was 'now eighteen. A beautiful girl with a face of intense ;melancholy, and ayes that seemed almost to boll some haunt ing terror in their depibs. Her unele rmnored her from school as soon as the house. had been put into order, and she c ame tillie at her pld hpme again. Life there was rather' one to foster than banish m.*lancholy. Her uncle had aged wonderfully in these taw; years. His hair was quite white, his :erect. figure had be. cone boa ed and feeble,' his genial face and pleasant sntite had "giveu place to an ex pretslon of; all-abworbitig porrow. People talked -sad wondered and shook their heads and muraured of uncanny deeds and an evil fate attending the O'Farrall family. "It was certainly no place and .no life for a young girl, and Maureen grew pale and shadowy and silent,. The spirt of some strange doom seemed for ier brooding about the silent rooms and dusky corridors of the grim old mansion. In' her qwn old ceoper (f the nursery sat Molly Magrath, an ancient crone now of seventy-six, for ever telling her beads and crooning old stories to an imaginary child. Her Brain had never quite recovered the shock of that 'awful night when' her nurs ling's screams had summoned her from her bed and she had -found her mistress lying stark and stiff in the long corridor with the imprint of cruel fnger "cni her bare white throat, the life choked out of her by some ruthless band, and the child lying in a dead faint beside leer. Sometimes .Maureen _tried to get her to talk of that night, but it was only foolish bpbble, and the mystery seemed destined to remain for ever a, mystery.' Everyone evaded the txbject. Her -uncle would never speak of it. The servants had all left except Molly. in vain Maureen sought for clue or begged for enlightenment. Even the newspapers caontaining. an account of the tragedy had been kept from her, and at this late hour it seepied h-'pelea.s tar get. copies anywhere. And yet da by day as; she lived her., ordinary JlCe and went about" Uer ordinary :6dcupatiolas,' faareen telt that the mystery.of her mothr's fee waesbecone lug a hauntlugapectre . po ier. It met her Ina thousand memwori of . her .unlovedand untaipy chlldhood,"it haunted the- rooms that her, mother had aosupled, above all it haunted the long corridor with its gloomny corners aud its rows oldisn l pbrtrait . " She never passad through it brit he seemned to see that queenly -figure- descending the broad staircase, the diamondsflashing on her white throat, and in her besautiful hair. And all that grace isad brihlian:'vaiad beauty had been zuithlesaly crsmshed"Qut of her hi one' momentd nf mrderous-ispacity I' fIt seemed arful lto think of, and yet she: ould not' ute think of'it. She believed jiow' 'n the legend of the warning voice, believed' that'it~had indeed breathed Its fatal message to her mother's tar. ..Whtt deed had she con templated when' 'tbs prophetin "" Don't " wailed like'a'walling i'ihd through th~e sileat corridor and art estEd her step. "Oh, if she' ad'ld:1Ltaed---lf abe. bad be., lieved! . ! Maureen had lived a year witn her uncle, daad 'e~ery p ay san pr tag of that year had only meant 'as inecpe ci dreariness and mnelancholjieir bothi, ' .One evnlaidg'he had. rptte to the li'brary4 'as usutal,'aild ashe was .siIng Teadinga book ,l4 the room she had ltdi~p ansi chosen for her own use1 Suddenl se remembe ed that she had lfft'4 hote 0k42&which; 'she hal uiade entrlee n4d egterac :fom her f N'orite 'authors hi tme, libdgy igt nfternoozn, where she had ~~'re4iqg' qqae of Shelley's pfxas. ~ 'irose. at' n and ran lightly dow'n'thntar and ptecdthe roonib' Her :uune was standing'before' sn olibfsshioned eseritoirei loiokinsi into sni dpen drawer. 'Eo abeorlped ttas ho that 14e 4i4 nt scene to hear' the glrl'~s enhaiice. crossed. the floor and looked over his shouldcr. Ina moment he had crashed-to the drawer in nervous haste and turned and faced her angrily. "Bow dare you steal on me like that "' he cried. The girl shrank back alarmed at his anger, especially\for so slight a cause. She excused herself, and explained thae-she had come for her note book, and having found it, left the room. But when bsh had closed the door she sank at the . foot of the staircase a kite and terrified. Ere the drawer shut she hal caught the glitter of dianoude -a mass of diamonds gleaming and sparkling under the lamp rays even as the ill-omiened jewels on that fatal night. Could they be the samne? Had h r mother been murderel not for sake of robbery after all ? She remembered one jewel-a star with an opal centre and five great polints of light. Surely it was that same star she had just seen I She rose and stumbled confusedly up the stairs and went to her own bedtoom. Her mind was made up. She would open that drawer by fair means or foul-see if her sts picions were correct, and then-her thoughts travelled no further. The goal of her dis covery was her limit. Time passed on, and she heard doors chled and barred, and then her uncle's step passing to his room.. She fancied he paused before her door, but she had blown out her light, and after listening a moment he passed on. She shuddered as the last echo died away. Tie horror of her own suspicions were mad dening. She waited on and on. It was past mid night. Then she took up bter candle, and softly opened her door. Darkness everywhere. Nothing stirring in the whole house but her self. Softly and swiftly she passad along. f he reached the top of the staircas'. the laid one hand on the balustrade, and began to -. descend. Soddenly a cold wind rustled by, seeming to chill her very life with its frees. ing br.ath. She stopped, and there facing h r in the dark below was the white figure and lovely face of her mother. Ehe caught the sheen of satin from the trailing gown. She say her hand raised to her bare throat. Then like a flash the form was gone, and on her-ear sighed a wailing voice. " Don't "f it whispered, and all was dark and silent once ag.utK Maureen stood like a- figure of. stone, cling ing passively to the balustrade, but incapable of speech or movement. Should she heed the warning I Should she return and leave suspicion unverified I Gradually the frozen blood grew wvarmer, her heart ecased to throb so wildly. She told herself she had but fandied this Scene, and moved.slowly down the stairs once more. She entered the library: How cold and dark and gloomy it looked. lfefore htr was the old- escritoire,' and on it stood two tall silver candlesticks. . She lit them and then surveyed the draw era, and marvelled howahe was to open t6et6 without keys.- lHereyes fell on the desk of- the escritoire, she tried It and found it was unlocked. She lifted the lid, and saw lyingin a corner a quaintotd key. Seining it, she - tried with feverish fingers -the drawler she bad - seen open. It opened at once.. She looked in. It wvat empty. Think-: lng she might have mistaken drawer she ttied another, but the key would,- not tur the lock.. Impatient 'arid angered at her failute she. returned to the hrst one, and jerked IL open as roughly that it nsame out of . its :ptace altogether.. Actuated by :-some. explicable impulse she stooped and peered . into the empty aperture,.. Lying far back she caught sight of a folded paper. In another- moment it was in-her hsmd. The writing was "unknowo, but to her amasement she saw-it was addresse - to-et self as folowa - "To oe given to hy daughter, Mauireen O'Farrell by iiy brother, StandishO'Fai ial at sickh period of her life. he lie ma ddeem She mank'down en the nearest chair and y began to read. The letter -ssal b6e but every word seemed to a iet arid blister her, young heart with horror: - c I shall be in my grave n lsn' yout eyes read this cobfession1"" it -an. Mtfaureen, - murdered your-triother. ' I murdered iet be- causeaI was -tuad witb j"al 'uy and uspiciibn, because I-thebtgh she'loved inv brotlieir; -be cause I etard her plenning to leah me, and caught her- in the act oif iv~ing hini her d1ik monda.- 'I ihought it Secant the fledge of guilt: only too late I learned - hat I haid tsvonged both. .I liedthe places ip-orreyj of: siyded4 and-bid ayaelt. - Jo, my-brother,. hetmy uecetrit home times--Iwiph-he had -it --bat he-hadf given men to the fale I deserted, And you Maureen-must ILeonfee it i--you are a murdezcr'a4 hilcd. You-- She reid no ,more. -,.With one e.KCeei0 -O bitter qty she-fel~l-ace. forwas-dsen the lloor; her kodellead strlklisg the sharpf corner of the table, and thes -bli stt~eamlog frqtm Ale wcunofidaier w:hile town, \- So, Sir Staindiste found 1ser £9 1hie upapal able horr6r whzen be entered the librar-yanext -morning. lHe bad r pidqd, the dianiondis teiidesndi. to have theim re-sei ahtd given tihabttiehei, on her twentiatb birthda5y. Alas I t-here -was no tweflicleh biitbday in atore for-- poor Mesureer. - Shelay in fle old churchyarfbegdSpber. ill-faited ieotlhie konc before 114t ~4ny &4:" dawnedg-"A'Ijllind We~ily ~ek-Ae- -. :Ernest White appeared before the g](a gootlie Police Court yesterda~y norunfnk issd. wais finied- £1 for tirseemly. condtout -in--tt5 pnblic pla~cc. Mr* W?.1. Jones. announced. -tbat~ a .sitisfactory settleiniut bld& ..beeti urtivedd4at in th'- case or fs 'I Bestwici Al-4I#pL her -Irsiband, Cbzistophcl Jlestiwjck, - 