LES CLOCHES D1 C{ORNE VILLE., "Les Cloches," as Planquette's popup lar opera is usually termed, is one of the most tuneful compositions of mo dern times. There is not a dull air in it, and, moreover, the plot is suffi ciently strong to render it interesting from a dramatic point of view. No drama, for instance, can boast a stronger situation than occurs at the end of the second act, where Gaspard, the miser, enters the haunted castle to gloat over his bags of hoarded gold. Suddenly the rusty bells in the ivy covered towers clang out an alarm, the tapestries between the dust-covered arches apparently rise 'of their own accord, a weird light fills the chamber, the bells continue to Jangle with an uncanny sound, a mailed figure at Gas pard's side drops a sword which scat ters his piled-up gold, and a ghostly array of warriors emerge from the cor ridors and advance upon him. The music of the bells rings in the ears of the terror-stricken man; gradually his reason leaves him-with a senile laugh he turns from figure to figure, until at last his gaze rests on that of Henri, the returned heir. With a piercing yell the miser recognises the son of the man he has wronged, then after one despairing effort to reach his scattered gold he falls heavily to the ground. It would certainly be difficult to imagine a more powerful situation. The comedy element is also unusually strong, and a very pretty love story runs through the opera. The choruses are excep tionally spirited, notably the triple chorus of the first act, also "Let our torches," "Silent heroes," and "Yes, we are ghosts," in the second; "There she goes" and "Normandy Pippin" in the last. Then again, there is the "Ding, dong," chorus, which follows Ger maine's song, also "The legend of the bells," a remarkably effective composi tion. The principals have good work allotted them, such numbers as "Ah, gentle maiden," "On billow rocking," "By your side," "A Norman maxim," "Silent heroes," "This riot and this bother," and "The cider song " afford ing ample scope for vocalisation. Then "Les Cloches" offers opportunities for picturesque dressing, pretty dancing, and effective grouping. The Launceston Operatic Society is certainly to be congratulated on the success which attended the production of this delightful opera at the Academy of Music. The house was well filled with a representative and enthusiastic audi ence, and the performance was re ceived with every recognised token of approbation. The mounting was very effective. The opening scene repre sented a romantic-looking Norman castle perched on a crag overlooking an expanse of blue water, with the usual paraphernalia of a fishing vil lage showing in the foreground. In the second act is sho,-n the interior of the haunted castle, with its mail clad figures, and the moonlight stream ing through the windows into the de serted corridors. The scene in the third act represents the grounds of the chateau, with the blue ocean stretch ing away in the background. The set in the first act is from the brush of Mr. Gladstone Eyre, who is certainly to be complimented on the good work he has put into it. The dresses are very pretty, and a picturesque dance, ar ranged by Miss Stokell, opens the third act. The limelight effects were well managed by Mr. D. Bishop, and the mechanical portion of the under taking was in the experienced hands of Mr. J,. Latham. As' regards the cast in general only words of praise, and that the highest, can be used. The Germaine of Miss Beatrice Ferguson was a fine perfor mance, and served to materially en hance the deservedly high reputation this lady has already won for herself in opera. Her numbers were without exception faultlessly rendered, and several had to be repeated in response to undeniable encores. Among the other ladies Miss F. Jones deserves dspecial mention for her very excellent impersonation of the role of Greni cheux, her acting and singing being alike all that could be desired. Miss Ethel Ferguson made a vivacious Ser polette, and won many favours from the audience. Her solos, too, were carefully and nicely sung. Miss Robert son as Manette, Miss Young as Su sanne, Mrs. Scott as Jeanette, and Miss Sidebottom as Gertrude fulfilled the re quirements of those comparatively small parts. Much interest attached to the Gaspard of Mr. Frank Hudspeth, a leading member of the Hobart Gaiety Club, and who played the role in a re cent production of the opera at the capital. First impressions were some what disappointing,, but Mr'. Hudspeth. playing under the disadvantage of only a couple of rehearsals, improved as the pielce proceeded, and his delineation of the tottering old miser, although never very even, grew more effective as with the progress of the plot years became added to years, Mr. C. P. Hammond's Baillie was a clever and amusing character sketch, and the comedy na tive to the opera, together with that imported in the shape of local hits, was amply brought out by this popular amateur, ably "shadowed" and assisted by Mr. Herbert Doolan, who madle a palpable hit as Gobo, and contributed much to the success of the performance. Mr. R. A. McEeachern played the Mar quis, and well, his soloes especially being received with every evidenco of satisfaction. The smaller roles were entrusted to Messrs. Rule, Hart, Marsh, and Master Jones. The choruses were splendidly given. There was a strong body of voices, which, as the result of the evidently careful training of Mrs. Thomltnson and Mr. Thornthwaite, achieved a measure of perfection in their work that any troupe, amateur or professional, might be proud to rival. Mr. Thornthwaite conducted with his usual ability, and there was an efficient orchestra., with Mrs. Thomlinson at the piano. There can only be one opinion about the performance, in that it was a credit to all concerned. "Les Cloches" will be repeated to night, when a bumper house should again be accorded in recognition of the enterprise shown in staging, and so stagring, such a popular opera. 