CHAPTER XXII. ! An Escapade. Now when Eelin Macdonald and Archie Gilchrist set off to walk into the town ot Invernish lt would have been hard to say which of them was the more embarrassed; but presently her sense ot fun pre-_ dominated; she knew that she had flung herself, as. it were, on this extremely modest young, man; and-she knew also.that it lay with her tb rescue him. out of his shyness. And so. she said, with a most ingenuous air: (the laughter in her eyes de murely concealing itself) "Oh, Mr. Gilchrist, I suppose you are quite fa miliar, with the poems and songs of Hector Mac neill?" N "Yes, indeed," he said, emphatically. It waa an immeasurable relief to him to find something suggested about which he could talk with know ledge; for this crowning favor of hers had some what unnerved him; it had never entered into his imagination that Miss Eelin and himself would ba walking into the town together-in the daylight, too-so that all folk should see. "Well, I hope you will agree with me that he has never had sufficient recognition?" she pro ceeded-and the laughter in her eyes wa« decor ously dying out. "I am convinced of it," he said, with energy. "Burns gets everything, Hector Macneill nothing -I mean, from the literary world. But I can tell you this, Miss Macdonald, that among the working classes in Scotland Hector Macneill is of tener aung than Burns. I know. T waa a clerk in Struthers' s, in Union- street, and I had to take the keys in the morning; and I could hear what the men would be singing to themselves at their work in the early boure. Was It Burns? No, it was not. It waa, 'Dinna think,-bonnie lassie, I'm gaun to leave thee.* Or it was, 'Jeanie's black e'e.' Or it was, 'Whaur nae ye been a* the day, my 'boy Tammy.' Or it was, -'Come under my .plaidie, the nicht's gaun to fa'/ And when, one of the girls in the shop-Struthers being out took to humming something, as like- as not It would be, 'I ne'er lo'ed a laddie but aner and he ne'er lo'ed a lassie but me.' Bulk for bulk, I say there's better stuff in Hector Macneill's songa than in Burna's. A.b., but it's-little use talking that way; for every now and again, amid all the obvious insincerity, Burns comes out with a line that ia like a flame-iso true it is, and transcend ing. "Who but he could have written,"O my lovo is like a red, red rose'--?" He had turned to her; there waa a tremor of emphasis in his speech; insomuch that she low ered her eyes. Nor did he know that he < -as ad dressing her so earnestly until one of twn avaall .boys who were on the river-bank called out, in the vilest of south-country accents, to his com panion "Oh, J'lst hear till him, Jock! They're laud and lass, thae twa! Fogs, they're no Mate!" Ana then Wild Eelin, with her color conscious ly mantling, and extremely mortified that such should be the case, hurried on with the discourse. "Don't you think," said she; "that lt would be only fair if an edition of Macneill's songs and peoms were 'brought out-to give him a fair ohance?-" "Why, again and again I have ^thought of it!" he exclaimed. "Only his literary baggage is not great. I have sometimes wondered, whether Tan nahill might not be added in to such a volume--" "Why not?" she said. "If you knew,'as I know," he went on, "how deep dh the hearts of the poorer of our Scotch folk lie Tannaihill's songs-singing themselves .there, in a kind of way--" "Oh, but surely I do know," she protested. "Does not everybody know? 'Loudon's Bonnie Woods and Braea'--" - "And 'Jessie, the Flower of Dumblane'-" "Ay; and 'Let us go, lassie, go, to the braes o' Balqulther'-" "And 'O, are ye sleepln', Maggie.' " "And 'Gloomy winter's now awa','" she con tinued, capping him at every, turn. And 'Thou 'Bonnie Woods o' Craigielea'-there were two of the girls In the shop could sing that very well aa a duet-when Struthers chanced to bo out." "And then there's 'Barrochan Jean'--" But at this he looked puzzled. "Barrobhan--?" And then she took to laughing as ehe repeated the -lines 'Tia binna ye heard, man, o' Barrochan Jean? And hir.na ya heard, man, o-' Barrochan. Jean I How death and' starvation, came o'er the haili nation. She wrought sic mischief wi' her twa pawky e'en; The lads and the lasses were dying in dlzzens, The taen killed wi' love-, and the tither wi" spleen; The ploughing, the sawing, the shearing, the mawing, A' wark was forgotten for Barrochan Jean. "Miss Macdonald--'-' ©aid* he, when she inter rupted him. "Mr. Gilchrist," said she, "I am going, to a3lc you to call mo by in jr right name-. 1 am 'Miss Maodonald' only to strangers." "Oh, it is so kind of you, Mles Eelin, then," he*, said, blushing very hotly ; "we might bring out a volume combining the two poets-'Macneill and Tflnnahfll-" "Why, that is an excellent idea!" she cried, gally, as she swung along, and she- seemed tb bs extremely happy; she appeared to hare, escaped! from something; she was rejoicing in this com panionship and . its sympathetic comtmuniotn of souls. "A plain,, unpretentious volume,, easily; within the means oí those who would appréciât© it most. I thittk Mir. Edel would publish, lt for us. It would'not be a costly venture. Then there would have to be an. explanatory introduction, and a biography of each of the poets, and notes: I would: do the* one memoir-^Hector Macneill fôf choice-if you will db fche other; but of cours© your name alone would toe on the title page aa editor--" "But whjj ajies Eelin 2" in© remonstrated. "Oh, well," ehe answered him lightly, "you are * professional, you know; you are a man of let ters; and I am only an amateur--" "Miss Eelln, you do not understand," -he con tinued, anxiously, "for it will put clearer - the re lationship between you and me, while . that lasts, I am not a man of letters at all! It ia only ,a matter of weeks since I joined the staff of the 'Invernlea Observer.' Before that I waa a clerk in Struthers's ßhop. I wanted you to know-so that there would bo no false pretences-and then you will not say that I had presumed, that I hod deceived you-W-hen-when you choose to poss on--" "Pass on?", she repeated. "Well," «aid -he, and he was unmistakably some what agitated, "whan the Queen, up there in the Highlands, at Braemar or Balmoral, stops some poor cottar or shepherd-lad, and says a few kindly words to him, it ie nothing to her; it is merely the generous instinct of the moment; ehe passes on and forgets. But as for him, ho has received the crowning honor and treasure of his life-Its one memory to cherish and be proud of-"" Perhaps there was something in the tone of his Toice; perhaps there was something of mere phy sical breathlessness; perhaps an unusual pallor In his checks; but at all events Wild Eelln came to consider that the situation was extremely critical -she hardly knew why. And she said tp him al most reproachfully "I can hardly guess at your meaning, Mr. Gil christ; but If it is what lt seems to be, why, was there ever such an absurd exaggeration ! Where's your gospel? Where's your badge of liberty and equality? Have you forgotten that 'a man's a man for a' that'?" He pulled himself up. He had achieved his object. He had given her to understand. He had cleared the ground. And if now she still wished to extend some small'measure pf favor to ward him, good and well; but if the Queen chose to pass on without another thought of the poor wayfarer, that also was good and well; and he would hold his treasure of. remembrance, and be grateful with a life-long gratitude. "Oh," he said, rather shamefacedly. "'A man's a man for a' that' ls more a définition of the atti tude of a man towards other men-" "Oh, is that it?' said she, mocking him. "Then you cut out half the human race from the appli cation of your braggart song? That is something at least. That is a concession. Well, now, Mr. Gilchrist, be guided by me; and we'll cut out the other half; and we'll reduce that famous piece to what lt is-not the expression of the sentiment of the human race, of half the human race, or any scetion of the human race, but the expression of à single individual's Irritable and morbid jealousy and envy and vanity." But at this he burst out latxghing; he knew she was merely trying to make mischief-to pick a quarrel with him; and so all he said to this saucy damsel was- / "I'm glad we've got past the Castle hill." "Why?" she demanded. "Because it would have fallen on us if it*had overheard.' By this time they, were come to the Suspension Bridge; but she. did not strike off at right angles to go into the towri; she continued on her way along the river front, so that now they were pass ing the open space into which Ian Ruadh had col lected his sheep, while on the other , side was the dingy black- grey building of the "Invernish Ob server." She regarded the lugúbrious- looking square stone block, with its small, dimwindows. "I suppose it is all shut up?" she said. "Oh, yes," he answered her. "Not a soul in the place, I should imagine, on a Saturday after noon." "I have never been over a printing establish ment," she observed vaguely. "Oh, but if you would like to look through," said he, with an instant alertness, "I can easily manage that. The old woman who keeps the keys lives just across the lane; she would come ¡(md unlock door by door for us. What do you say? Would you like it?" "I should like it immensely!" she answered him without a moment's hesitation; she was always ready for any kind of haphazard adventure. And so, in a few minutes' time, these two were being ushered Into a sombre passage leading from the lane into the interior of- the building; at the end of the passage they found a corkscrew little stair, by which they gained the'corridor above; and then the old woman with the keys proceeded to conduct them -through the mysterious and si lent offices, herself as silent as her surroundings. It was an eerie kind of perambulation. The long composing-room, in especial, had an aspect of ab solute loneliness and desolation; not even a friendly ghost was there, standing at one of the cases, setting up imaginary type. As for the dark masses of metal in the engine-room, a still deeper gloom enveloped these; and there was a kind of threatening air about their cold and slumbering strength; they seemed to resent this intrusion up on their profound: solitude and stillness. Some times Wild Eelln, who was an impressionable sort of young woman, drew back a little; she did not care to penetrate further into those gulfs of shadow. ' ' And then the explorers got them away to the ^ front part of the building, which was of a more cheerful outlook; and here they took possession of Mr. Grieve's room, with its bound files of the London papers, its rows of books of reference, its atlases, manuals, dictionaries, and directories, and, conspicuous on the writing-table in the mid dle of the floor, Its tin canister of tobacco. Eelin. who loved the light rather than the darkness, quickly recovered her spirits; nay, when she had examined everything with the greatest interesl and curiosity, she grew merry and mischievous; she would have Mr. Grieve know of this unpar donable visitation; she would leave a message foi him, as from the land of spirits, and pin it on hit desk. "What, then," said she, turning to her compa nion, and fixing those glorious blue eyes of her on his with a quite unthinking fearlessness ol challenge, "what do you think? Rhyme? £ little posy, with a knot of ribbon tied round th« foot? -It must be awfully clever, you know, t( atone for our abominable impudence in comini into his room. And I'm not very good at im promptue," she continued, sadly. "My little jesti are of the escalier--" "I don't think you would find other people sa: so, Miss Eelln," he observed, smiling; indeed, hi had himself recollections of the shafts of summe: lightning that she could send (herself "giggling al the while) round an afternoon tea-table when eh' had been provoked. ' "But, begin, Mr. Gilchrist, begin!" she said, im patiently-ana she sate down, and got hold of a writing-pad. "Tell me what to say-'Ode to a Sub-Editor found absent'-how shall we begin? *0 wilding hird, that for a time hast flown, from out-from out the downy shelter of thy nest, By what far streamlets flutterest thou alone,'by what -by what-by what dim'valleys in the golden west?' Go on, Mr. Gilchrist-now you go on!" "Not I!" he said; "when you are doing EO mag nificently!/.' But in truth he was hardly thinking of the sham poetry; rather he was thinking of the extraordinary charm and fascination that the mere presence of this splendid creature seemed to con fer on theserpoor offices. . Would the atmosphere ever lose this radiance that now permeated it? Would he ever, coming into this room, see any thing but a vision occupying the sub-editor's chair-the vision of a young girl, gay, self-confi dent, serene, her beautiful profile bent down over the paper, the homespun jacket, showing the per fect lines of her figure, the dark-blue Tam o' Shanter perched on the bountiful and bunched-up masses of her raven-black hair? And the pen that .she held in her fingers; tho moment she was gone he would come swiftly baok and annex that; if it chanced to he some favorite of Grleve's, so much the worse for Grieve; he could not relin quish so personal a souvenir of this memorable, and enchanting escapade. And meanwhile Wild Eelin was beating her brains. She even bit the end of her pen-mak ing it a thousand times more valuable in the eyes of tho future possessor. . / . , '.'Why don't .you help me, Mr. Gilchrist?" she said, peevishly.. j And then he dashed boldly in. | " 'How knowest thou, fluttering by yon. wéstern shore,'" he. began. "Yes?" she said, by way of encouragement. " 'Two raging cuckoos have usurped thy den' "Oh, that's ridiculous!" she protested; but' he' went on doggedly: , . "'Thy special writing-pad they've scribbled o'er; And now methinks they'll steal 'away thy pen.' " He had hardly uttered the words when an alarming crash occurred just behind him, and a large stone, hurled through one of the windows, came roiling to his feet. He wheeled round; the .old woman with the keys shrieked and shrieked, j as another and another missile came crashing I through ; and Eelin sat upright in her chair, her wide-apart, animal-like eyes all alert and obser vant-but not with fear. No, there was no trace of fear in the Juno-eyes; but the proud and im perious ,set of the mouth had become a trifle fixed. "Come back from the windows, Mr. Gilchrist," said she. "I know what it is. The rabble of lads whom you slashed at in this morning's 'Ob server' have come to have their revenge; and they think there's no one in the building; so that they can, break a few windows with impunity-" "Oh, do they think that?" said he, with a hur ried glance outside. "Do they think that?" Hie heart was ablaze with wrath. That the beautiful little romance of this afternoon's adventure-and even while Miss Eelin was pretending to write poetry in the sub-editor's chair-should be sum marily brought - to an end by the same young blackguards who had disgraced themselves in the theatre the evening before! "Stay where you are," said he, peremptorily, "I shall not be long." " He dashed into the composing-room and looked eagerly around, but nothing in the shape of a weapon could he find anywhere, until his eye'Ht on an old, broken cane-bottomed chair that lay in a corner, and that he took up and wrenched limb from limb, until there remained in his hands a most unholy four- edged . implement. Then he went out. It was rather in a sneaking way that he passed down the lane. He professed to he paying no attention to this assemblage of unruly louts, who were doubtless greatly enjoying the amusement of breaking the window-panes of an empty building. But when he had got well to the rear of them he charged-charged like a whirlwind upon them; knocking this one down, hurling that one over, and then, whenever three or four were found together, the impetuous, pro miscuous, irresistible belaboring began, with this godless instrument that seemed to have been in vented for thé crushing.of bones. The fury of Ajax increased. His eyes were red-hot. The leg of the cane- bottomed chair appeared to be fly ing to all points of the compass, but invariably the end of the trajectory was the head or shoul ders of the vagabond who chanced to be tallest or nearest. Those grubby masses of humanity part ed-halted- retreated - scattered themselves looking back in amazement none the less. For this onslaught had been so sudden that a general consternation had been produced before they had time to realise that they were being attacked by only one man. It Is true some eight or ten of the cubs did form up at the foot of the lane; and it would have gone dismally hard with Archie Gil christ had there been stones about; but there were not-for the roadway here is of hard and worn macadam; and the hobbletdehoys had exhausted, the ammunition they had brought with them; so that when he went straight for the middle of this group, they simply fell away from before him, to get out of the reach of that awful truncheon. And then of a sudden there was a warning whistle; someone had espied a policeman hurrying across the Suspension Bridge, and in about three seconds the rioters had vanished into thin air. When the policeman arrived there, was no tumult to quell; but the windows of the "Observer" office present ed a sorry sight. Then he went hack to the door in the lane; and who was this but Wild Eelin herself awaiting him -laughing and giggling and immensely delighted. "Well, that was a. fine millee, as they say in the Lowlands,' she called to him, as he approached. "Why, what do you know of it?" he demanded. "Didn't I tell you to keep back from the -win dows?" "Likely!-when I had a little Armageddon all spread out for my own benefit! Most interest ing! I suppose a real battle is something like that-with a little more color and smoke thrown in. But I must hurry on now, Mr. Gilchrist. I've torn up the lines to Mr. Grieve; I thought he mightn't understand. Good- bye; j'and¿.I thank you-ever so much for showing me over the build ing." And so they parted; and at once he went;up to Tom Grieve's room, to secure the nibbled pen holder. He did not immediately return, though the old woman of the keys wa3 waiting patiently below. For this commonplace apartment had undergone a sort of transfiguration-since - ¿ young lady had been seated at that actual desk. 