THE STORY OF OMDURMAN- (Londot ' Daily Mail,' September 23.) II. It wae now twenty minutes to 10. The British had crested a low tidge between Gebel Surgham and the Nile; Maxwell's brigade was jast ascending it. Lewie's jast coming np nnder the bill. Men who conld go where they liked were nj with the British, staring hungrily at Omdnrman. Suddenly from rearward broke out a heavy crackle of fire. We thought perhaps a dozen men or so bad been shamming dead ; we went on stariner at Omdnrman. Bnt next instant we had to turn and galloped hot-heeled back again. For the crackle became a crashing, and the crashing waxed to a roar. Dervishes were firing at as from the tot> of Gebel Snrffham. dervishes were firiner behind :*nd to the right of it. The 13tb Soudanese were . bounding np the hill, Lewie's brigade had hastily faced to its right westward, and was volleying for life ; Macdonald's beyond, still facing northward, was a sheet of flashes and a roll of smoke. What was it ? Had they come to life again 1 No time to ask ; reinforcements or ghosts, they were on as, and the battle was began all 1 4kgain. To understand, yoa most hear now what we only heard afterwards. The dervish army, it appeared, had not returned to Omdnrman on the night of the 1st, bat had bivouacked—40,000 or 50.00Q of them—behind Gebel Surgham. south-westward from Agaiga. The Khalifa had doubtless expected a sadden attack at daybreak, as at Firket, at Abn Hamed, on the Atbara ; as we marched by night to onr positions before Omdnrman he mast have designed t<> spring upon oar right flank. When day broke and no enemy appearecT he divided his army into three corps. The first under Omian Azrak attacked the village; the sewnd, with the gre«n banner of Ali Wad Helu—with him Abdallahi'd eldest son, the Sbteik-ed Bin —moved towards Kerreri Heights to envelop onr right ; the third, under Abdullahi himself and /his brother Takub, remained behind Surgham ready, as need might he,, to enve'op our left, or to act as a reserve and bar our road to Omdnrman. / What befell the first you know; Osman Asrak died with them. The second spread out towards onr right, and there it fell in with the. Egyptian cavalry, horse-batteyy, and camel corps. When Broadwood jBey fell back before the attack, he sent Iword of its coming to the Sirdar, andj received orders to remain outside the, trench a»d keep the enemy in front insjtead, of letting tbem get roond the right. Accordingly be occupied the heigjhts of Kerreri. Bat the moment he g<pt »o the top-he found himself in face off Wad Helu's unsuspected army corjfs—12,000 to 15,000 men against lessj than 2,000—and the moment be saw tlbem they began swarming up the hill] There wae jast a moment for decisipn, but one moment is all that a born vcavalry general needs, lie next his galloper was flying with the new? to the Sirdar, and'the mounted troops were retreating northward. The choice lay betweeb isolation, annihilation, or retreat on }Agftigaand envelopments of the rightj. Broadwood chose the first, bat even Cor that tbe time was short enough. Tfye camels floundered on the rocky hillside, the guns dragged, tbe whole mass of dervishes PURSUED THEM WITIJT A PELTING FIRE. Two guns lost i^li their horses and were'abandoned : fchs camel corps alone bad over 60 men \hit. As for the •cavalry, they went back very hard pressed covering their! comrades' retreat and their own by carbine fire. If the Egyptian army bat gave Victoria Crosses, there were many earned that day. Man after man r^de back to bring in dismounted officers, and would hardly be dissuaded from their • endeavor when it was seen the rescued were plainly dead. It was the great day of trial—the day the pick o£ our cavalry officers have worked for through a weary decade and more—and the Fayum fellah fonght like a hero and died like a man. One or two short of 40 killed and wounded was the day's loss ; bat they came off handsomely. The army of the green flag was now on Kerreri heights, between them and the camp ; bat with Broadwood'e force unbroken behind it, it paused from the meditated attack on tbe Egyptian right. In the j>ause three of the four gunboats caught it and pepper-castored it over with shell and Maxim fire. It withdrew from the river t >warde the centre again ; the instant a way was e'eared the oat-paced camel corps was passed back to Agaiga. The cavalry hung upon tbe green flag's left till thefy withdrew clean southward and inland; then it moved placidly back to the infantry again. Thus macb for the right; on the ieft the British cavalry were in the stress of an engagement, less perfectly conducted, even more hardily fought out. They left the Zariba, as yoa heard, THE MOMENT THE ATTACK burned oat, and pricked eagerly off to Omdnrman. Verging somewhat westward, to the rt-ar of Gebel Surgham, they came on some 300 dervishes. Their scouts had been over the ground a thousand yards ahead of them, and it was clear for a charge. Only to cut them off it was thought better to get a littie weet of tbem, then left wheel, and thus gallop down on them and drive tbem away from, their supports. The trnmpet sang oat tbe order, the troops glided into line, and, fonr squadrons in column, th« 21st Lancers swung into their first charge. Knee to knee, they swept on till they were bat 200 yards from the enemy. Then suddenly—then in a flash—they saw tbe trap. Between them and the 300 there yawned suddenly a deep ravine ; oat of the ravine there spring instantly a cloud of dark heads and a brandished lightning of swords, and a thunder of savage voices. Mahmud smiled when he heard the tale in prison at Haifa, and said it was their favorite strategem. It had succeeded. Three thousand, if there was one, to a short 'five hundred ; but it was too late to check now. Must go through with it now! The blunders of British cavalry art) tbe fertile seed of British glory; knee to knee tbe Lancers whirled on. One hundred yards—fifty—knee to knee— Slap ! ' ItWSB just like that/ said a captain, bringing his fist hard into his open palm. Throngh the swordsmen they shore witbont checking—and then came the khor. The colonel at their head, riding etraigbt through everything without sword or revolver drawn, found his horse on bis bead, and tbe swords Bwoopiug about his own. He got the charger ap again and rode on straight, unarmed through everything. The squadrons folio*ed him down tbe fall. Horses plunged, blundered, recovered, fell: dervishes on tbe ground lay for the hamstringing cut; OFFICERS PISTOLLED THEM in passing over, as one drops a stone into a backet; troopers thrust till lances broke, then <ut; everybody went on straight, through everything, And through everything clean out tbe other side they came—those that kept up or got up in time. The others were on tbe ground—in pieces by now, for the cruel swords shore through shoulder and thigh, and carved the dead into fillets. Twenty-fonr of these, and of tboBe that came out 74 bad felt sword or bullet or spear. Few horses stayed behind among the swords, but nearly 130 were wounded. Lieutenant Robert Grenfell's troop came on a place with a jump oat as well as a jump in : it lost officer, centre guide, and both flank guides, 10 killed, and 11 woanded. Yet when they burst straggling out their only thought was to rally and go in. again. ' Rally, No 2!' yelled a sergeant, EO mangled across the face that bis body was « cascade of blood, and nose and cheeks flapped hideously as he yelled. 'Fall out, sergeant, you're wounded,' said the subaltern of his troop. ' No, no, sir; fall in 1' came. the hoarse answer; and the man reded in his saddle. ' Fall in No. 2 ; fall in, Where are the devils 1 Show me the devils !' And Mo. 2 fell in—four whole men ont of thirty. They chafed and stamped and blasphemed to go through tbem again, though the colonel wisely forbade tbem to face the pit anew." There were gnaehings of teeth and howls of speechless rage-—things half theatrical, half brutal to tell of when blood has cooled, yet things to rejoice over, in that they show tbe fighting devil has not, after all, been civilised out of Britons. Also, there were many and many. DEED8 OF 8ELF- ABAND0NINO HEBOI6M, of which tale the half will never be told. Take only one. Lien ten ant de Montmorency missed his troop sergeant, and rode back among the slashes to look for him, There he found tbe hacked body of Lieutenant Grenfell. He dismounted and put it up on his horse, not seeing, in his heat, lhat life had drained out long since by a dozen channels. The horse bolted under the slackened muscles, and De Montmorency was left alone with bis revolver and 3,000 screaming fiends. Captain Kesna and Corporal Swarbrick rode out, caught his horse, and brought it back ; the three answered the fire of the 3,000 at 50 yards, and got qaietly back to their own line untouched. Forbearing a second charge, the Lancers dismounted nnd opened fire ; tbe carbines at short range took an opulent vengeance for the lost. Back, back, back tbey drove them, till they came into the fire of the 32nd Battery. Then shrapnel flew shrieking over them; the 3 000 fell all ways, and died. All this from hearsay : now to go back to what we saw. When the Sirdar moved his brigades southward he knew what he was doing. He was giving hiB right to an unbeaten enemy ; with his usual daring he made it so. His game now was to get between the dervishes aod Omdnrman. Perhaps be did not guess what a bellyful of beating the unbeaten enemy would take ; but he trusted to his genera's »nd his star, and, as always, they bore him to victory. Tbe blacks of tbe 13th Battalion were storming Gebel Snrgham. Lewis and Macdcnald, facing west and south, had formed a right angle. They were RECEIVING THE FIRE of the Khalifa's division, and tbe charge of the Khalia's horsemen ; behind these the Khalifa's hnge black standard was flapping raven- like. Tbe Baggara horsemen were few and ill-monntel—perhaps 200 altogether—but they r"de to get home or die. Tbey died. There was a time when one galloping Baggara would have * chased a thousand Egyptians ; but that time iB very long past. Tbe fellaheen stood like a wall, and aimed steadily, at the word tbe chargers swerved towards Macdonald. The blacks, as cool as any Scotchmen, stood and aimed likewise ; the last Baggara fell at the muzzles of the rifles. Oar fire went on, steady, remorseless. The Remington ballets piped more and more rarely overhead, and the black heads thinned oat in front. A second time the attack gattered and flickered oat. It was jast past 10 ; once more, to Omdnrman ! Two minntes silence. Then once more tbe bowling storm rnshed down Hpon ns ; once more crashed forth tbe answering tempest. This time it burst apon Macdonald alone—from the northwestward apon bis right flank, spreading and gathering to his right rear. For all their sadden swiftness of moremeat the dervishes throughout this day never lost their formation ; their lines drove on as rigidly as oars, regiment alongside regiment in lines at six and eight and a dozen ranks till yoa might have fancied the Macedonian phalanx was &live; again. Left and front and right and rear the masses ate ap the desert—12,000 unbroken fast and fearless warriors leaping round U,000. Now began the fiercest fight of thial fierce day. The Khalifa brought up his own black banner again ; his etauachest die-hards drove it into the earth and locked their ranke about it. . Tbe green flag danced encouragement to tbe Allahintoxicated battalions of Wad Heluand tbe Sheikh-ed- Din. It was victory or Paradise now. For us it was victory or shredded flesh and bones, anburied, crackling under the red slippers of Baggara victors. It was the very crux and crisis of tbe fight.' If Macdonald went, Lewis on his left and Collinson and the sapporting camel corps and the newlyreturned cavalry, all on his rigbt or rear, must all go too. The Second British and Second Egyptian Brigades were far off by now, advancing, by the left of Surgham Hill; if they had to be recalled the Khalifa could walk back into his stronghold, and then all our fighting was to begin anew. Bat Hunter Pasha was there, and Macdonald Bey was there, born fighting men both, whom no danger can flurry and no sudden shift in the kaleidoscope of battle disconcert. Hunter sent for Wauchope's First British Brigade to fill the gap between Macdonald and Lewis. Tbe other went to General Oateacre first instead of to the Sirdar —with the soldier's instinct he set the brigade moving on tbe instant. Tbe kbaki columns faced round and edged rightward, rightward till the fighting line was backed with 3,000 Lee-Metfords which NO MAN ON EARTH COULD FACE AND LIVE. Later the Lincolns were moved further still on to Macdonald's right. They dispute with the Warwicks tbe title of the best shooting regiment. in the British Army; the men they shot at will dispute no claim of tbe Lincolns for ever. But the cockpit cf the fight was Macdonald's. The British might avenge his brigade ; it was his to keep it and kill off the attack. To meet it be turned his front through a complete half-circle, facing successfully sotith, west, and north. Every tactician in the army was delirious in his praise; the ignorant correspondent was content to watch tbe man and his blacks. ' Cool as on parade,' is an old phrase : Macdonald Bey was very much cooler. Beneath the strong, square-hewn face you conld tell that the brain was working as if packed in ice. He sat solid on his horse, and bent his black brows towards the green flag and the Remingtons. Then he turned to a galloper with an order, and cantered easily up to a battalion-commander. Magically the rifles hushed, the stinging powder smoke wisped away, and the battalions were rapidly threading back and forward, round and round, in and out, aB if it were a figure of a dance. In two minutes the brigade was together again in a new place. The field in front was hastening towards as in a whitey-brown cloud of dervishes. An order. Macdonald's jaws gripped and hardened as the flame sported oat again, and the whitey-brown, cloud quivered and stood still. He saw everything; knew what to do; knew how to do it; did it. At the fire be was ever brooding watchfully behind hie firing line ; at the cease fire be was instantly in front of it: all saw him, and knew that tbey were being nursed to triumph. His blacks of the 9tb, 10th, and lltb, the historic fighting regiments of the Egyptian army, were worthy of their chief. The 2nd Egyptian, brigaded with them and fighting in the line, were worthy of their comrades, and of their own reputation as tbe best disciplined battalion in the world. A few had feared that the blacks would be too forward, tbe yellows too backward ; except that the blacks, as always, looked happier, there was no difference at all between them. Tbe Egyptians sprang to >the advance at the bngle; the Soudanese ceased fire in an instant silence at tbe bngle. They were losing men, too, for though eyes were clamped on the dervish charges, the dervish fire was brisk. Man after man dropped oat behind the firing line. Here was a white officer with a red-lathered charger : there a black stretched straight, bareheaded in the sun, dry-lipped, uncomplaining, a bullet through his liver ; two yards away a dead driver by a dead battery mulei hie whip still glued in hand. The table of loss had topped 100—150—neared 200. Still they stood, fired, advanced, fired, changed front, fired—firing, firing always, deaf in the din,'blind in the smarting smoke, hot, dry, bleeding, bloodthirsty, enduring tbe devilish fight to the end. And the dervishes ? The honor of the fight must still go with tbe men who died. Our men were perfect, but the dervishes were superb—beyond perfection. It was their largest, best, and bravest army that ever fought against as for Mahdiem, and it died worthily of tbe huge empire that Mahdism won and kept so long. Their riflemen, mangled by every kind of death and torment that man can devise, clung round the black flag and the green, emptying their poor, rotten, home-made cartridges dauntlesBly. Their spearmen charged death at every minute hopelessly. Their horsemen led each attack, riding into the bullets till nothing was left but three horses trotting up to our line, heads down, saying ' For goodness' sake, let us in oat of this.' Not one rush, or two, or ten— but rush on rush, company on company, never stopping, though all their view that was not unshaken enemy was the bodies of the men who had rushed before them. A dusky line got up and stormed forward ; it bent, broke up, FELL APART, AND DISAPPEARED. Before the smoke had cleared another line was bending and storming forward in the same track. It was over. The avenging squadrons of the Egyptian cavalry swept over the field. The Khalifa and the Sheikh-ed- Din had galloj:ei back to Omdurman. Ali Wad Helu was borne away on an angareb with a ballet through his thigh-bone. Yakab lay dead under his brother's banner. From tbe green army there now came only death-enamoured desperadoes, strolling one by one towards the rifles, pausing to shake 6pear, turning "aside to recognise a corpse, then oaught by a snddfen jet of fury, bounding forward, checking, sinking limply to tbe ground. Now ander the black flag in a ring of bodies sto9d only three men facing the 3,000 of the Third Brigade. They folded their arms about the staff and gazed steadily forward. Two fell. The laBt dervish stood up and filled MB chest; he Bhonted the name of hiB god and burled hiB spear. Then he Etood quite still, waiting. It took him full ; he quivered, gave at the knees, and toppled with his head on his arms and his face towards the legions of his conquerors. Stand Oil, the winner of the Maiden Plate at the opening of the Y.R.C. Spring campaign on Saturday, is a bay gelding by St. Blaize— Conceit. He started very warm favorite, and won easily by half a length. 