OUR SINGLETON LETTER. pfeou orm BxpKKfflnrcjLTmuu] THR MISSION AT ST. PATRICK'S. On Wednesday evening the mission ut St. Patrick 's was continued, the eecogd great solemnity baing celebrated when thoso present nnd thoso who were ubaent through no fault ot tbeir own, were conse crated to tho Blessed Virgin Mary, whose altar was effectively decorated by the Nuns and tho Children of Mary. Father Hartigan preached to the. large assemblage on the words : ' Behold henceforth all generations shall call mo blessed, as uttered by the Blessed Virgin when sho wub complimented by her cousin St. Elizabeth on the wonderful privilege of being tho mother of God. The words of the angelical salutaMon : ' Blessed art thou amongat women, and bleaued is . the fruit of thy womb' — showed the profound reppeet ot tho At ch lint', el Gabriel, who spoko the first part, for Mary, and taught all to reapeot ber and to speak to her with confidence as the Queon of Heaven and Earth, and the ono received nioro graceB than, all iron and augcld togutber. She waa preserved from original sin beenusu it waa due to tho honour of tho most Holy Trinity, aa bIio waa tho daughter of the I1 abhor, the mother cf the Son, aad tho apoiiao of tbo Holy Ghost, and tuey should all imitate aa much as possiblu her Bpotleas purity), thev should ohoriBh a tender devotion to her : am thoy should atrivo to walk in hor footsteps. Her glory iu Hoavun traa tlio greatest;, next to that of God; her power was equal to hor glory; and ber affection for them was beyond that of all the mothots in tho world for their childron. Con stantly ehe was interceding for them to havo die tributed liberally to all thu graces of God, and they ahould thank Him for having given bo good a mother, who wbb enriched with (jracoa from Hor birth, while they all should all imitate tho virfcuea of tho Child Mary— pioty, obedience, and a horror of Bin. Many outBido the Church, said Father Hartigan, could not understand why Catholics should so honour the HleBeod Virgin, and averred that they placed in hor too much coufidnnco, and nob onough in JeBus Chrinb. Hub ho would remind thoau outside the Church that Catholics went directly to Jesus Chriqt, with tho intercession of tho Virgin Mary — Hia Blessed mother. Thu Catholic worahip of the Blessed Virgin filled thu soul with meoknuBB, purity, and confidences refined and sanctified public morale, and iuspired and cunobluil tbo arts. At the regular monthly mooting of tho Couneil of tho Mechanic's InatUute thoro wero present — Mr. A. B. Shaw (Provident), Measrs. Croft, Denalay, Conolly, McFadden, and Huutlny. Tho Council Clark, Borough of Singleton, wroto requesting payment of the three yours' rates duo. Tho lottor wna sont on to tho Treamrnr, with instructions to pay aa soon as it wan poaaiblo. Thu Secretary apologised for tho absence of Mr. Smith (I'reaBurer), and road hia report, which atatod ho had reooived from tho Secrotaiy — Subscriptions, £5 6b; rents, JJ1G 3a 4(1; total, -C21 7a 4.d. Paid away — Potties, M 8s 3d ; and this acoouat was overdrawn JC1 \i Id. Tho ohequo for intoroat on tho now h(ill dobt waa out, but not yet prcaented. Tho noxt Singleton District Court will be holdon on Friday, Deoember 16. .Plaints .must bo entered, ligitanrs Bhould remember, by Saturday, 3rd December. ? At Ling Point on Monday a young man named Patrick Rowan was thrown from his1 horse and sus tained a oompound fraotnro of tho arm, while ho wns bruised considerably about tho fnco nnd other portions of tho body. Tho injurioB wero treated by Dr. Irwin at his Burgery. Following ib a return showing bho number of animala, etc., slaughtered and condemned at Single ton during tho month of September, compiled from reporta furnished to tho Board of Health up to 20th October :— 1 cow, 1 bullock, tuborculoais. JamoB O'Brien, while stripping wheat nt Glunnioo Cruek ou Wodnenday, got his hands caught in tho mechnnism of tlio m^cbino. Tho limb waB fear fully mangled, and it whs found nccaaury by Doetora Irwin and Bowman in tho afternoon tu amputate threo of the fingera nt tho Lloapitiil. Aa a conscqueuco of the several bush fires burn ing nround thu district, tho town on WodnoBday whb covered with a mantlu of amoku, which waa almost suffocating. The Mtmonphuro wob vory oppreBBivo and tho day a awultiiring ono. Thin morning rain began to Bprinklo ubout cloven o'clook, but to no approaiablu extent. During tho puot tew days grout buah fires liavo boon raging at Mirannie nnd other partB of tho aialriut, uud auvontl piuldocltn bavo boon burnt out. Mr. H. Bailey nnd Mr. A. H. FHzroy ivro both heavy loeurii through thu doBtruction of grnaa at Mirannio. Great difficulty waa experienced in keeping down the flamoa nnd confining thorn to certain arena, and aovcial hands woro employed day and night to koop thu flnry olnment within bounds. Thu huavy winds and hot Btifling wnutbor funned the flamuR, aud it waa only with tbo grea^eafc diflluulty that tho whoist; crwpa woro euvod from doatruotion. In many plaoea the flro is Htill smouldering and mueli euro and vigilancu havo to bo prnatiuei to suo thut anothor outbrosk dooa not occur. Tho flno organ belonging to All Saints' Cliuroh, ono of tho boat in tho oolony outBide Sydney, baa recently been renovated by Mr. A. Linley Soolfc, organib't of St. Puul'a, Maitland. Although tho organ waa uroutod in 1891, it hue not until now been tboroutihly ri-p-iin)d, mid tlm miinnor iu whinh Mr. Suotfc ban oanind out bin work huu reunited in thu instrument being put in bettor order than it nvi^r baa beun before Tho to no of it ia bolder and tnoro precise, whilo tho oboo atop has boen oonHidur/ibly improved. In tho organ thoro aro 8(it pipes, and, with tho inoroiiBciZ power givon to it, itn improved oondition will furthur add to ita ulitraotivmieaa. During tbu doming month Mr. Scott, whoso niiilltluii uro woil known, will conduct an or^an i coital iittho Cliuroh. Wo regret to natiaa the danth of Mr. Alnxnndcr Wuugh MoDougiill, which took pliico at Quirlndi rnnnntly. Thn deooasad wan born at Singloton in 18.'!0, und wiib thiiB (!8 yoiua old afc fcho timo of hia death. Hu is a biothor of Mrs. Robert Doylo of Werris Oniuk, and inarriud a Mian Iiedwull, who i» nintei- to Mm. It. W. Thompson aud Mm, Simpson, both wivcu ol iviill-kuown uoUaitont «fc Wont Mnifc laud und Arinidulu raapuotivi'ily. Tim Into Mr. AI'Dougult wan a oon of tho lolu; Air. Andruw M'DouijuII, of Kulflo, Siugletoii. Ac ouo timo ho or/ nod nomo ntutiono on tho ClnriinOiM Kivor, nud aftowardfi lnnnt-d Hammond Sprinijn from tho liitn Mr. Underwood, and for tho last coupli- .of yoara ho rooidod ufc Quirindi. Ho Bucoumbud to ourobral bomorrbago, oonooquont ou an epileptic; stroko. 'ho daceuBiid loavoa two Bonn, Manors. Alb out) aud | DoubIob WDougnll, and a widow, 