CHAPTER EXII.—A STORY OF CRIME. .unoet maae no comment, but sll the Hermit, who, after a pause, as 1 though memories of a cruel past had nearly mastered him, resumed his nar rative. “I was sentenced to be lianged, and but for my noble wife I should have died on the gallows. “Her father was killed the day I was sentenced by being thrown from his | horse, and it was found that he had left r her a snug fortune in bank deposits. This site determined to use in my be | half; so that she left home with our children, and going to Mexico, purchased a little home there. ( “Leaving her children in good hands. 1 armed with ample funds, and in dis guise, she returned to the town where I was in prison awaiting my day of doom, and a few hundred dollars properly dis tributed opened the way for my escape. “Her plans had been most cleverly formed, and in a thorough disguise I fled with her to the West, and then down in to Mexico. We lived there for several years, and I made money: but one day 1 met a man from our old home, and I feared being shadowed, so we sold out— for our property had become valuable— and went to South America. “Prom there we visited Europe, dwell ing in Prance and Germany for a few years, our children all tile while growing more .bright and clever ; in fact, they were regaj-'detl.as'pfofligjes. as they had learned several language's fluently, were good musicians, and promised to be the .ioy of our lives. “But we longed for our own land, and after a while decided to risk all and return. We came hack by way of San Francisco. I bought a farm on the border of the Indian country, and we ex pected to live and die there in our happy home, for I had changed my name and had changed greatly in appearance in the twelve years that had gone bv since my flight. “But, alas ! a couple of years after ray sojourn there the Indians, that had often been troublesome, swept down upon my happy home, and my loving wife was shot down before my eyes, my children borne off into captivity by the Indians, and I was wounded and left for dead. “But again I recovered, and, going to an army- oost to get aid to rescue my children, I was recognised, arrested as an escaped murderer, carried back to my oid town, and once more the shadow of the gallows was upon me. But again I made my escape, this time by the aid of a friend who had never believed me guilty, and I sailed from Boston in a ves sel hound for China. “It was some years before I again visited America, and I made my way to the West. Civilisation was pushing the Indians and lawlessness further towards the setting sun, and I followed in the hope of finding my captured children. “One night, in a frontier fort, I was called upon to hear'the dying confession of a soldier, as a witness. The soldier had been a hard character—had attemp ted to kill a young officer by the name of Hugh Sooford, and had been shot by him. Finding he was dying, the man wisiied to make a confession. “Imagine,my young friend, my aston ishment when I heard a confession of wrong to me. That dying man had been the hireling of my old rival and supposed friend. Prince Ashton. I heard him confess how he and Prince Ashton had played tramps and shot me down and robbed me, leaving me for dead. I heard him confess how he and Prince Ashton had planned to rob the bank and have me accused, and had arranged the plot to prove me guilty-.. They had murdered the watchman, and I was the sufferer. “I heal’d him confess how they had tracked me to Mexico, he being the man I .had seen there, yet did not dream had been my foe. I escaped then,and years after he had recognised my wife in a frontier village, had tracked her home, j and the Indian raid had followed; for | he was a spy for Prince Ashton, who ! was a renegade chief among the red skins. He also told how Prince Ashton had carried my- children into captivity-, and both my- son and d.su’fi'lWT™'"’ _j ___wxiat had become of them be did not know. That was all he confessed, except to say that Ashton was a renegade chief arid dwelt in- these mountains. Then I made myself known by my true name, and the dying man recognised me. Arm- ! ed with his confession and letters from the commandant I went East, and had the stain of robbery and murder remov- j ed from my name. This done, I came to hunt down Prince Ashton.” I (To be continued.) I 