Dame Durden's Post Office. Everyone under 18 is invited to write letters here. The best will be published, and, perhaps, win a prize. and even the worst will be read with interest. Writers may choose any member of the Court they please to write to, but must always address their letters, as of old, to Dame Durden. For instance, the boy who who knows a good story about animals, or has any thing to tell about his pets, will write to Prince Hal; the girl who makes the nicest toffee in the world will send the recipe to Mistress Homely. Princess Spin- away will enjoy getting stories, the Court Jester will jump at a good joke, and Captain Cook will always be glad to hear of new discoveries of any kind. You may make a special favorite among the Court-Queen Youngheart, for example. In that case you can al- ways write to her, but do not forget that every com- munication concerning this page must be addressed to "Dame Durden, 'Town and Country Journal,' Mar- ket-street, Sydney," and whatever you send write only on one side of the paper, and put your name, age, and address clearly. If you prefer to have only initials or pen-name printed, say so in your note. Carefully read the rules. Girilambone Mine. Dear Dame Durden,-Last letter I wrote to you was a description of the concentrating plant on this mine, which has been altered very considerably since then, I and another jigger, with a set of Cornish rollers, has boon put up near the old one. But I will not attempt to describe the plant as it is now, for it is rather a j complicated arrangement, and very difficult to des- ! cribe by writing. Instead, however, I will endeavor to describo the mine and its surroundings to you. About 400 miles west from Sydney, and ICO miles east from Bourke, on tile summit of a long, gradual slope, thtie is a hugo deposit of low-grade copper ore, known | as the Girilamuonc Minc. The slope on which the mine proper is has very little timbers on it. What there is, consists of box, coolibar, and mallee saplings: I and all around the top af the hill there are rocks and j stones, very indicative of the ore that is underground. I This hill ls of ironstone formation, and the surface is ¡ very gravelly and rocky, making very rough walking. ' Even in wet weather it does not get muddy; but down I on the plain, in the centre of which tho hill is. it gets very boggy, and slays so far a good while. All round the plain just mentioned is a circle of low hills, which are also very. rocky, and some of them rather steep. They are thickly timbered with gum, mallee, tea bush, etc., and relieve the monotony of the plain very. much. This ls a very dry region, and it does riot often rain hore, but when it doe«, wo get Gin or Oin. Of courst* there have been, "and will be, I suppose, exceptions, when not lin has fallen, but they do not occur often. The houses here are scattered all around; some aro built at tho foot of the »lope, but most of them on the .highqr part of it. There are very few good houses oil the mine, mos* of them being rough shanties, built; of bark, boughs, piece« of old tin, etc. These aro the houses the workmen live in; many of them ;have their wives and families here; witlf them, and it seems very wonderful how they can live in these rough "ramshackle" huts (willoh very often consist af only two rooms) with -their little children, running about in the dusty road, and yet put up with the bare surroundings, and be* happy,' as'vyiey are, or seem to be. Since last t*3ttSste- to you -itóbjg winding engine has been erected aire: it is as larg».as the Broken Hill winding englnfrs.*a.hd therefore very powerful. The drums, on which^the steel" rope ls; wound, are 8ft in diameter, which is jus* twice the size of the drums of the old winding engine they hid to use before they got the present one. About fourteen years ago a rich and powerful company ' got hold of this mine, then undeveloped, and spent enormous sums of money, putting up reverberating furnaces, and sinking shafts, and generally developing the mine, but with such siliceous ores as were then found, the method of treatment they tried was a failure, and the mine did not pay. . So is it a wonder that after three years, during which thc "shareholders, spent a lot of money on the mine, and! received no returns, that they got disgusted with the:mine, and closôd it down, and the once thriving township became deserted. -Some of the buildings remain that were put up when thc mine was first opened; and they are now the best in' the town. About two years ago the Girilambone Copper Mining Company, iso Liability, acquired the property, which is the company that-has it now. This, as you seo, is more of a description of the surroundings of the mine than of the mine itself, but to describe the mine proper now would make my letter too long. Next time I write I will tell you what becomes of the ore after lt i& concentrated, before it is converted into marketable copiar. Hoping to be mower twa ttnw than I was last time X wrote to yon, I am. yours .trn.lv. "St. John" (15 years). (Princess Spinaway, disdainfully : " Wita wnat tedious homily of copper mines have you wearied your readers, and never once cried 'have patience, good people.' All this space might haye been given to» a fairy story.") ' (Prince Hal, warmly: "One of the best letters I have read for some time.") Westwood, Queensland. Dear Dame Durden,-T am WTltng you a letter, as I see you are-lcind enough to offer a prize for the best one written. I am 12 years of age, and have written to you once before. I ufron rmd all the nice letters you get. You must be quite Vred of reading them, hut I suppose with all the nice friends around you and the little Bhickrbjy to gather the stamps, you must feel it a pleasure. Ï am collecting old stamps, but I do not think I will get a. prize for them. It is a long time since I wrote to you. We were stationed at Port Douglas then, a place up north. Have you ever been north? It is a pretty place, but the fever ls very bad. there. My Papa asked to be moved, so we are now at Westwood. It ls a pretty place, and so healthy. We can taite train to Rockhampton every day. I have a garden here. Do you like gardening? I a.m very fond of lt. There id a place called Flat top, four miles from hero. Oh, If you only saw tho lovely orchidri and ferns you wcmld feel that you could never leave the spot. They grow in a valley, and It' is so cool and nice. I hope, dear Durne Durden, my short letter will be 3f interest, and that you will pub lish it. I du hope I could get a prize, but you seo there are so many nice letters that I think I will not be successful: but I hope for better luck next time1. So I think I'll conclude my letter, with kind regards to yourself ami Prlncp Hal. Willie Gavegan (age 12 years). Bendigonia. Queen's-road, Melbourne. Dear Dame Durden, -I have not written to you for such a long time but I will tell you the reason why. After I sent you that little story about "Dick, the Eagle" I wrote an account of a small bicycling tour my brother and I made; but, unluckily, it fell into the hands of one of my brothers, who ridiculed it, and teased me so much about it that I tore it up, vowing I would never write again: but reading a letter from one of my many nieces in your "Page," I made up my mind to correspond with you once more- brother or no brother. I have so many things to tell you of that I do not know where to begin; however, I think that I will give you a brief account of my last holi day trip. My youngest brother. Vic, and I went to Port Fairy by boat, not forgetting to take our bicy cles with us. We stayed there about a fortnight, having splendid fun; going for picnics, long rides, sails, etc. ; but the part I enjoyed most was going out in the afternoons ia the yacht, and catching barra coota, which is very exciting work; then coming home in the evening-it was so peaceful and beautiful watch ing the crimson and golden glory of the sunset gradu ally fading away. The wind nearly always dropped, so we could just glide smoothly along. It was such a pretty sight to see all the fishing boats gliding si lently up the river, like white-shrouded ghosts; to where the lights from the cottage windows showed that their welcome teas were being prepared; but I must not get so descriptive, or this letter will become too long. Vic and I rode from Port Fairy on our bicycles. It is a distance of nineteen miles; but seemed longer on account of the road being new to us. On our way we passed Lake Koroit. I will give a brief description of it. Although only a short distance from the sea, its water is quite fresh. It is surrounded by hills rising almost sheer from the lake, in the middle of which is an extinct volcano. After staying at Warrnambool, and visiting all the places of interest, we left for home by the S.S. Flin ders, and although our holiday was so very enjoy able, we were both glad to get back to dear old "Bendi" again. This letter is rather long, so I must draw it to a close. So now good-bye, with love from your old friend. Rosalind Gard (aged 17). P.S. We had a pair of monkeys for pets, who were not free from the usual "monkey fallings." Would you like me to write a small tale about their deeds and misdeeds? -Rosalind. (Dame Durden: I admire the high courage that writes -in the teeth of that most trying thing -a bro ther's ridicule. Pray, persist, and bring him to his knees with admiration at your treatment of the mon key's deeds.) Wallangambone, via Warren. Dear Dame Durden,-I. was so pleased to see my sister's letters in "The Children's Page," so I thought I would write also. I have not any pets of my own to tell you about. One of my brothers was out shoot ing Hie other day, and he shot an eaglehawk. He only wounded Its wing, and broke it; so he brought it home, and put it under a coop. We have had him about a week, and 1 think he will live. Our garden is loclcing splendid since the rain; the fruit trees are growing fast. One of my little brothers is learning to ride. He was very anxious to learn to canter; so last Sunday he went ont, and when he was coming home lils horse turned toe quickly round a tree, aiid iho fell off, and was stunned for about five minutes. Seven of us are going- to tho Quambone races, which are to be held on St. Patrick's Day. The ride over there is twenty miles, a.nd we come back the samo day; so wc have forty miles' ride. We start early, so as we can Eeo the first race. It is nice to seo any horses you know winning. I am going to tell you something about the blacks which might interest the Black Boy. There is a camp on this station, and they are going to have a*Dig ^orrobboree next month. King Jimmy, the chief, says all the blacks in New South Wales will bo there. The trees and ground are carved and marked ready for it. They also have a bough shed and a god m ad o of mud Some black fellows are occupied keeping fire burning around it night and day They never let the fires go out. Black fellows have skins around themselves, and they are all painted up with different kinds of raddle. I sup pose the Black Boy in your office knows a great deal about the "Bora, etc." The gins ;ire all singing and beating oppossum rugs, and they keep very good time together. I saw some of their Bora and other perfor mances three years ago. My brothers are going to take us again this timo. Did you see the meteor fall on St. Patrick's Night? A. number of us were rid ing home from Quambone, when the whole sky was lit up with such-pretty ooiors. They seemed a mix ture of purple, bright yellow, and the color of fire when it is blazing. It lasted about two minutes. Our horses were quite dazed, and stood still. I thought it was a lovely star, .but was told it was a. meteor.-With love to all the Court, I am your sincere Alice Green (aged 15). (Dame Durften: An eaglehawk with a broken wing, captive beneath a coop! Surely a grievous spectacle! I cannot help thinking how his pi-oud spirit- chafes when the barndoor hens and the waddling ducks look in at him.) Bestlc-street, Rockdale. Dear Dame Durden,-This is the first letter I have written tc you, hoping you will be pleased with it. Father, mother, and myaelf went for a holiday trip to Melbourne about twelve months ago, and we stayed at my aunt's place. We went to the Zoological Gar dens, and saw wild animals and birds of all descrip tions-. We had a ride on Jumbo, the elephant. We 'also visited the pantomime and several other places of amusement, and after spending a very enjoyable time for a fortnight, returned home again I musrv. now conclude.-With *>est love to* all the .Court, I 3e m.iin. vnur lovinar irlfvn Liouisa Amy North (aged 10). : North Benarbay Dear Queen Youngheart,-I wak . very glad when' I saw in the paper. I had won a prize, aa I .'did not ex pect it. When I sent my letter I forgot tot put in' a penny stamp, so it could not be printed. .¡.I am going to Sv-dney in a few more week». Since,.I .wrote tc» you last three of the little kittens died, so'th'a.t now TO have three kittens and two cats.. I called' the three kittens Lucy, Shy. and Tommy. ?-. We had enough: rain a couple of months ago to make the grass nice and green; but it has all died off again. I am enclos ing you an addressed envelope; so you will be able to tell me how to obtain my rrize. Dear Queen Toung ?heart, I regret to say I have very bad eyes, so please excuse this writing.-With love to all the Court, I re main your sincere little friend, .. Madeline Byron. (Queen Youngheart: I am very sorry to disappoint you, Madeline, but you did not win a prize. Honor able mention is, as a disappointed boy correspondent once said, only an empty honor; but, then, those whose work is not good do not even get that.) 