_cT* ? ? §11 THROUGH THE IHSHED SOUTH POLE, \\\§ By GTJSTAF DILLBERG, 'v- Author of 'Pitman's Trust,' and Other Stories, etc. . [An Rights Reserved.] CHAPTER XV— (continued). , ' Our arsenal is not extensive enough to supply your people with arms and ammunition,' I assured him. ' Teach ns how to make them ourselves,' Tie replied, nothing daunted. ' We have the iron, and we know how to work it, and what we don't know we can learn. With such an object in view, none of us will prove dullards. Every man, woman and child will be eager to learn, and to learn quickly and thoroughly.' I promised I would do what I could, but before promising anything definitely it would tie necessary to ascertain, what facilities were available, as many things were required, be sides iron and willing hands. In spite of my reservations, he was jubilant, looking upon the thing as a certainty, and he already calculated upon their chances in a future fight with the Zenas. ^We proceeded onwards at a rapid rate amidst intense darkness, steering by the com pass. No stars or moon were ever visible from the inner world. Though at night time -we had to travel by compass and instinct, we generally managed to reach our destination fairly accurately. There was very little work xequired;in navigating the Aeriola under such circumstances, as long as the helmsman kept his proper course. I sat immersed in deep thought, when I was 'startled by hearing a gentle pattering against the outer portion of the hull, which gradually increased in loudness. At first I thought that jBandas were surrounding ns, but soon I realized, that it was not so. We were ex periencing a genuine novelty. It was raining. This was the first rain I had seen, heard or felt, in this inner world. We were now approaching the latitudes of the North Pole of the upper world. Possibly there was another funnel at that place, through which cold currents of air entered these Tegions, condensing the moisture vapours of the air, thus causing a gentle shower. Gentle it was, when it started, but rapidly it in creased in force and quantity, and became converted into a regular deluge before many minutes had elapsed. The sound of it was delicious music to us, charming and delight ing one's better self, like a tune or melody you may unexpectedly hear which you have not heard since the day of your innocent childhood. This enchanting music was no longer a solo. A deep rumbling accompaniment was heard proceeding from a far distance, rapidly increasing in strength and volnme. A ?thunderstorm was approaching us. Not de siring to be canglit in one a second time, I 'caused the aeriola to rapidly ascend. Yet the etorm came closer and closer. We rose and rose, yet the brilliant flashes of lightning played around us in every direction. I was determined to rise above the electrical disturb ance, and we continued to rise until we were many miles above the level of the ocean. Yet the lightning flashes were visible high above us, as well as far below and all around. We seemed to remain in the centre of the disturbance. It either was one of a most extensive nature, of else it rose with us. Continuing to rise further would probably bring us during the day to the invisible crust above. I told my men to keep a sharp look out upwards. Soon the astonishing cry was heard : ' Land in sight overhead !' . The flashes clearly showed us a wild, weird, mountainous region, turned upside down. It gave us the impression, that we were stand ing on our heads, a remark which more than one of us made use of. Pat thought so, too, and suddenly turned-., himself upside down, standing on his head. ' Now the mountains are all right,' he informed us. The lightning and thunder continued, and the noise of the peals was deafening, as it echoed amongst the gullies, which had never ?known the sound of running water or the ? fall of rain. The configuration of the country reminded me of the skin of an apple, very much dried up ; or of the face of a very old 'person. It was easy to realize, that these mountains ?were formed by tho earth contracting. There were no loose boulders, though many cracks and crevices we're visible ; somo parts .looked . not too secure, and ready to fall, if in the least degree disturbed, and disturbance was not at this moment wanting. Every peal of thunder seemed to shake the whole crust. Suddenly a flash, brighter and more blind ing than any of its predecessors, shot by us up wards. It struck our own earth from below, ' and a deafening crash immediately followed. A fearful avalanche had been dislbdged, and appeared to fall from the mountain tops. It whizzed past ns with a howling shriek. Fortunately we were not within its sphere of destruction. Had we been within 'such a radious, our adventures would have been ended in a sudden and terriblo fashion. Looking below us we saw a fascinating sight. The fragments, continuously gaining in ?velocity during their descent, hurtled through 'the air, the resistenco of which caused such friction against their surfaces that they be came intensely incandescent, giving out a light like brilliant meteors. Probably few of them ever reached the surface of the lower crust. They wero consumed on their way down, by the intense heat, increasing in pro portion to the increase of the velocity. By degress tho storm abated in voilence and soon vanished, as mysteriously as it had ' spruug up. Whilst we were considering the advisa bility of descending the first streaks of dawn appeared. I decided to remain a while longer in order to examine tho lower . Burfaco of our own crust. It gradually becamo dimly visible, but as tho daylight increased in strength the dimness of the mountains above grew in mistiness, looking liko parts of a phantom world. Soon . they were no more, as far as our visual organs 'were concerned, and instead of a fifty miles of thick, solid crust of the earth, on tho top of ?which the whole of Europe was located, we had over our heads the clear blue sky and tho brilliant radiant sun, genially smiling upon us, ventursome fellows, in the bowels of our own planet. Below was nothing but space, though when peering into the depths nnder our feet, through a telescope, faint indications of land and sea became perceptible. The deviation from our original course had made us late for our arrival. We dared not descend too far for fear of being sighted from below, as land was now below us. Onwards we sped at high altitude. Towns of consider able size hove in sight, and in due course were left behind us again. At last we once more soared above mountainous regions, which this time were right- side up. Having travelled above them for nearly an tour, Smidi thought that we might descend in safety, and wo accordingly descended. CHAPTER XVI. IN BRINDONALAND. We alighted on a ridge of exceedingly rough country, evidently of volcanic origin. Black scoria was everywhere in evidence, and gigan tic fissures, with precipitous walls, perpen dicularly descended into unknown depths. Stunted vegetation struggled here and there for a precarious existence, with no particularly great success. Omitting the snow and ice this landscape was almost as desolate as the Antartic continent. Excepting the apology for vegetation, life was nowhere visible. It was no wonder that the Zenas did not be grudge the Brindonas such a territory. Our human beings were able to move about with safety in such a country seemed to me a perfect mystery. Smidi had on one occasion informed me that his countrymen were splendid mountaineers. In my opinion they required to be more than mountaineers; even an ordinary mountain goat of the Upper Crust would have found it a difficult task to travel half a mile without a mishap. ' We have landed on a rather rough spot,' Smidi admitted in a half apologetic tone. ' Our mountains our not everywhere as wild as they are here, though a clear head and. sure legs are indispensable wherever you may bo. I wonder if there are any friends about in this locality ?' He gave a shrill, piercing shriek, which must have penetrated far and wide, multiply ing in volume as the numerous echoes repeated Smidi's voice in every direction. We all at tentively listened for a reply, but none came. ' There is no one within hearing distance,' Smidi concluded. 'We cannot very well move along these cliffs on our feet in search of friends. Let us move slowly along. Sooner or later we are bound to come across some of them.' We again arose and skimmed the top of the ridges, sometimes rising, sometimes de scending, as circumstances demanded. ' Time after time Smidi emitted his shrill calls' At last we heard a faint reply, proceeding from a far distance. We listened attentively and hearing it repeated a second time, we altered our course accordingly. Gradually the answers/ grew more and more distinct, and we had good reason to expect to soon be amongst free Brindonas. At last we caught sight of some human beings, but only for a moment. As soon as they sighted us they bolted, moving like antelopes, easily and surely jumping from rock to rock with astonishing agility. They were human chamois. As the appearance of the Aeriola had frightened them, Smidi proposed that he should leave the vessel and proceed on foot in search of his countrymen: In about half an hour he returned with three new companions, but, though conducted by him, and probably assured that we were friends, it was with the greatest difficulty that he could persuade tliom to approach us. To convince them that there, was nothing to fear from the strange apparation, Smidi boldly advanced, beckoning his friend to follow, whilst he entered the open port of tho Aeriola. They at last made np their mind to risk facing the apparently harmless monster, and hesitat ingly.they followed in Smidi's footsteps. For the first time we were face to face with Brindonas in their own country. They were counterparts of Smidi, looking perfect athletes, and strong as Hercules himself. Judging by their appearance I could easy realise that they were made of the wrong stuff to tamely submit to be dominated over by the masterful Zenas. A few minutes were sufficient to establish ourselves on a friendly footing with tho new comers. In build, figure, and general ap pearance, they were ideal types of hardy Anglo Saxons, and it was difficult to realize that they were inhabitants of another world. From them we learnt that Smidi's father and a great number of his followers were located in a large ravine, many miles away. They themselves were out hunting, but had been so far unsuccessful. Game had become very scarce, and they had now to go far afield to be able to procure supplies for tlio I common larder. | In reply to our question whether they could guide us to tho main camp, they assured us that they knew ever inch of the mountains, ! and could easily show us the way, but they doubted our ability to movo along where they would havo to go. 'Our friends of this iron Banda- are in dependent of all tracks, and can go wherever they choose, through the air,' Smidi proudly explained. The Brindonas well knew that no live Bandas could cruise amongst tlieso deep gullies and ravines. Every timo such an attempt had been mado, the Bandas had broken their wings' against the rocks and had become aerial derelicts. Therefore they thought that we also would be unablo to wend our way through the labyrinth of chasms and crevices. ? ( ? We soon proved to them what the Aeriola was capable of in tho way of moving through tortuous channels, and between weird look ing mountain sides, formed in . tho early agea by terrific terrestrial cpnvftlsionB, Our hew friends were highly delighted to see Smidi once more. They had expected never to seo him again, unless they too should some day be taken prisoners by tho Zenas, and be carried away into captivity. It would bo a matter for general and national rejoicing to have their Chief's only son and successor amongst them once 'more. The venerable father, who mourned his only son as one dead, would bestow upon us his blessing, for hav ing brought back to life the one who was. dead. It was a great sorrow to all his people, that they had been deprived of the valiant and wise son, who in time should have led them to do battle with their hereditary giant enemies. As yet, no successor to. tho present Chief, Smidi's father, had been appointed, though he was far advanced in years. They feared that the selection of a successor might cause disunion amongst the little remnant of a once mighty nation ; and the selection had been postponed from time to time. Now, that Smidi was back, everything would be different, and the old man could end his days content in tho knowledge, that the presence of his son would preclude the possibility^ of his own beloved followers ending their exist ence as a nation, by fratricidal struggles. Winding' our way through intricate pas sages, guided by our newly- made friends, we passed through many chasms, gullies, and fissures, which to any other means of loco motion, would have been well nigh inacces sible. After travelling in this manner for several hours we, at last emerged upon com paratively open country, consisting of a large valley, measuring several miles across. In this valley, we were told, we would find the old Chief and his followers. A long way down the sloping incline, right in front of us, we could see a number of animated objects. They were Brindonas. Smidi was deeply moved at the sight ; possibly one of them was his own father. Those we had come in search of were not as pleased to see us, as we were to see them. As we approached a great commotion arose in their midst, and there was a rushing hither and thither, as of ants on an ant heap, when its surface is interfered with. The old crowd moved in a mass in our direction. Smidi smiled. 'If the people below but knew who was on board, the intruding monster, to whom they evidently were determined to give battle, their warlike spirit would quickly vapourise into thin air and rejoicings, and jubilation would take its place. Their hostile demon strations did not intimidate us, and we pro ceeded quietly onwards. When right above tho crowd we arrested our progress, and stopped about ten yards above their heads. A shower of bullets was the greeting from below, in reply to which Smidi emitted the peculiar and to them familiar cry. The effect -was magical. Hostilities at once ceased, and astonishment was clearly written upon the upturned faces. Again Smidi gave the signal, this time accompanied ? by his countrymen on board. Fear and constern ation set in amongst the ususally brave Brindonas. Something unearthly was hap pening right above their heads. Had their killed comrades returned to earth in this strange guise ? Through an opened glass shutter our guides put their heads over the side of the hull and hailed their perplexed friends, who at first could not believe the evidence of their own eyes. Having been amongst them a day or two ago, , they at least could be no ghosts, unless they had, since then, shuffled off the mortal coil. A few words from above speedily convinced them that that wai not the case. They were bona fide j real, live people. Everybody on board were friends. Their .amazement gave way to jubilation, and when they learnt who was on board, a mighty shout of joy rent tho air. Wo slowly descended, and before we had fairly touched the ground we were surrounded by the whole clamouring crowd. Smidi being the most important personage on board, in their estimation, was requested by us to first alight, which he gladly did, escorted by his three delighted countrymen. We discretely remained on board in the meantime. It was a genuine pleasure to watch the reception lie received ; not boisterous and wild ; almost in silence did they crowd around him, to bid him welcome back to life, and to them. The crowd fell back to give way to a stately old man, with a long, white flowing beard, and snowy ringlets of hair, hiding his shoulders. Though a man of very great age, he was yet erect as any man in tha crowd, and looked, as if he could do another day's fighting if neces sity demanded it, before lie should finally close his eyes. Ho fell on his son's neck and remained immovable for several seconds — only his heaving shoulders indicated the emotions that were active within his breast. Hardly an eye was dry, and even on board a suspicion of moisture lurked, where no ono would havo suspected its existence. 1 ' Not for long did the Brindonas exhibit signs of their emotional nature. Tho old man pulled himself together and stood before his son. like a viking of old, erect,, and noble looking, with pride surveying the handsome and symmetrical form, and evident strength and intelligence of his offspring, who had re turned to bcome his heir apparent cnco more. The peoplo flocked closer and closer around the couple to listen to the tale Smidi had to tell of his adventures which had befallen him since they last ware together. (To la continued .) 