RITUALISM IN THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND, A REMARKABLE LETTER. The, warm discussion on ritualism in the -\nglican Synod of Sydney should cause the appended letter to be read with more tl-an usual interest. It was written by the Rev. A. II. Stanton, M.A., of St. A'ban's, Holborn. London, and appeared in the 'Daily Chronicle': — ' You speak of our not obeying the diiections of the Book of Common Prayer at. St. Alban's Holborn. 1 exclaim in my best Latin, ' Quantam niaxillam ' — what cheek ! We obey the Prayer Book seventy per cent more than all the archbishops, bishops, i1 cans, canons, prebendaries, &c.; 11 1. On a hundred days in every year for tlie last thirtjjfsix years we have' dined off lish and rice pudding. Do we like this kind of food '! No ; we have clone it out ot obedience to the Book of Common P;aycr. '' -. We have daily, all these years, said morning and evening prayer in the church, lias it always been convenient to do this '( No ; but we have done it out of obedi ence to the Book of Common Prayer. ' 3. We Lave given up Friday and Satur c'.ay pflci neons to hearing confessions, v. l;en we have longed — longed, oh ! so r.inl' — to be far away anywhere. But we have done it out of obedience to the Hook of Common Prayer, because when we were made piicsts by the ordering in tliiit book, tlio Bishop said, 'Receive the Holy Ghost id the ollice and work of a j.riot. V. liose sins thou dost forgive they are l'oignen. kind whose sins thou dost re tain i Ley sire retained.'' And we belicmd linn — fools as it seems we were! ' Yes, but \ ou leave out many things in (he Prayer Book services. So do they all, ii'.id 1 ilui-i blame them. For how, ;''T i .'.stance, cmild we,, when we repeal ilie communion service six times on Easter Tay, tell our sinners and devout communi cants six tiiiscs over not to murder, steal, an-'l cipiuiiiit iuluiWry ? How could w; sr-y, ? On Sunday next, i propose to administer Holy v c I'.iiiiiuiii'U,' when we do it twice every day ? We rhould make fools of our ?iu'ics iiiid our congregation and foolish ric--* nf the Tuner Book. ' ii.it \\--i add to the services in t^e I'l-aycr IV.. ik. So do they all, and 1 don't Maine them. V. e all try and iinke « ur sr.r\ i'-t'S us iitl'U'.ii\e and suitable tu lLo v;iri'ii;- pi.isr-; (.1 lvligiuu.-j feeling c/iumc icri-itiij of rc^aidi!- thought in England to day, and wo aiv the best Prayer Book ex I't.sitcrs. ar.d her most faithful sons to.i, and after fill I'.ese years 'tis ralher too lu-1 to clii'- u-5 'tiaitors.' ' What I should like to see is more liberty to make our services more litur gically correct on one side and more like chapel services on the other. ' Do you want us to wear the strait vaistcoat made over three hundred years ago, which lias never fitted, and is now e,uite out of date? If we are established, we're not all gone daft.' Mr. William Coote, says tlie ' Townsville Bulletin,'' whose signature under contribu tions to these columns on Separation ha'i been frequent for many years past, died on Saturday. He had passed the term of life allotted man by the Psalmist, and had failed physically greatly during the last few years. His chief work in connection with Separation was to prove in the teeth of the dictum to the contrary of the Imperial Crown lawyers that the Crown has statu tory power to divide Queensland. This is admitted in Lord Knutsford's phrase, ' a latent power,' and also in the phrases ' the time has not yet arrived,' and ' the Separa tion question is not yet ripe for interfer ence.' The time will arrive soon, and it is a pity that Mr. Coote was not young enough to wait for it. He was no ' old man in a hurry ' about Separation ; being always, apparently, quite content to face each new difficulty and discouragement as it arose. His labours have made the path plain for those who will put a hand to the task when the time does arrive for renewed action, and his name is imperishably in scribed in the pre-natal history of the new Australasian State which will then come into existence. 