SYDNEY SQUIBS. I By the Farceur. I .The Works Committee. — Scotch Caution. —The Law of Wages. — Australia's ; Capital.— Only a Yarn.— Inter- ' national Disarmament. — Federation. It is better to be political than poor, judging by the return showing the fine fat sums paid to members of the Public Works Committee during their three years of office. The chairman, Mr. T. T. Ewing, netted no less than £2469, or an average or aeuu per annum. The other mem bers, with the exception of two who had died in harness, received sums varying from £1174 to £1988 for their services. Mr. Humphery's share was £1664, Mr. Hoskins' £1174, Mr. Roberts' £1739, Mr. Trickett's £1608, and Mr. O'Connor's £1544. Among members of the Lower House, Mr. Fegan topped the list with, a sum total of £1988, the others receiving the following iu fees and travelling expenses : — Mr. H. Clarke, £1749 ; Mr. Lee, £1752 ; Mr. Hassall, £1981 ; Mr. Black, £1856 ; Mr. Wright, £1709 ; and Mr. Farnell, £1190. All these totals include travel ling expenses while members are serving on sectional committees. In last year's list, Mr. Fegan 's travelling expenses amounted to £148, Mr. Hassall's to £145, Mr. Ewing's to £130, and Mr. O'Connor's to £120. The rest of the mem bers varied from £15 to £93 These big fees, of course, are paid to members in addition to their Parliamentary salaries of £300 each per annum. Mr. Ewing, therefore, drew from the Treasury an average of about £1100 per year, and the other members who sit in the Lower House about £900 each. A place on this committee is apparently nearly as lucrative as a Premiership, and it is small wonder that men struggle so fiercely for it. : Talking of political matters recalls a good story told by a southern scribe, concerning a meeting recently held of the Presbyterian committee at Wycheproof. After grave deliberation and a ballot, it was decided to accept a legacy of £600 in value, which had been left to the church. At first sight it appears remarkably strange that an eminently Scotch body of elders should hesitate for a moment about accepting such a bequest, but the clever writer referred to supplies the necessary information as follows : — " I was talk ing to a Scot about the matter, and we speculated as to why there should be any doubt about the matter at all. In my own charitable way I suggested thftt perhaps there was a fear that the property had not been properly acquired, or the man who left it was not thoroughly orthodox in his views. Hoot, mon,' the canny Scot re plied, with some warmth, ' they would lia'e ta'en a' th' risks o' that. The real trouble was, they feared the property was mortgaged for aboon its value.' " : Another splendid specimen of canny Scot caution is that of the dying man who, before starting to leave his earthly possessions in good order, said to his elder at bis bedside : " Will ye guarantee, 'gin I leave ma money to ta kirk, that it will be coonted to me for riohteousness whar I'm gawn ?" " Weel, no, Tammas," was the equally cautious reply, "I canna gi' ony snch guarantee as that, but in ma opeenion ta expeeriment is well worth tryin'." If Parodise isn't well stocked with Scotchmen, it will not bo because of their want of prudent enterprise or caution. A Sydney weekly says : " Up North, the ' little brown' man has quite ' arrived.' A well-known firm was paying £12 per month to its tally-clerk when an educated Jap. arrived and offered to do the work for £6. Got it, of course." 'That reminds me of a smart and instructive little play in one act, which is based on some thing like ike above incident. Tbe scene is laid in a modern workshop. Enter workman Brown. " Morning, sir. I'll take that work you have advertised, but as I have a wife and six children to keep, I must have ten shillings a day." Em ployer: "All right. Start at the job now." In an hour's time enter workman Jones. " I hear you're givin' Brown ten bob a day. Well, I have a wife but no kids, so I'll do the work for eight shillings a day." Employer : " Brown, you can go. Jones, you're engaged, so catch on." Later still. Enter workman Smith : " I have neither wife nor chicks, so I'll do that job for six shil lings a day rather than starve." Then Jones is bounced out and Smith taken on. Enter Hans Poofenhausen : " How you vhas j loog here ; I only vants mein leedle sausage, and beer, and pipe, so I dells you vkat I do. I vork mit der four bobs a day. How do you like dot, hey?" Hans is engaged and Smith is discharged. . Next morning enter workman Jones, who says : The missus an' me havo cut down our expenses, and if you like I'll tackle that job for two shillings a day, and the missus can cook aud wash, and do odd work about the place for nothing." Then Hans from Yarmany is fired out, but he doesn't starve. Not much. He buys him a trombone and ho goes mit dat leedle Ger man band. Later on ; enter workman Brown : " Here I am again, sir, ono of the best cabinet makers in the city. Something must be done to get work, however, so all my children can knock off going to school and help keep the family. The six young 'uns are equal to two men, my wife and I to two more. Give us a shed to doss in and a bob a day and your spare victuals and you can have us all." Brown and family are taken on, and workman Jones is run out once more. # And so the game goes on. This little play just illustrates the manner in which wages are reduced and kept down by the continuous see saw of competition. The fact is that too many workers are competing for every job available, and while this is so wages must be low. The best remedies I can suggest are co-operation and the proper management of the great land question. Like Banquo's ghost, the question of the future capital of Australasia " will not down," but keeps bobbing up when least expected, and least required. Personally, I do not think it need cost the people of this colony any very great amount of money, tor we aro in the same proud position as the gentleman in Sanoho Panza's famous story. " You must know," said Sancho, " that it chanced one day that a certain gentleman and a certain farmer had occasion to sit together at the same table. The farmer would not take his seat till the gentleman hod taken his place ; but the gentleman made him a sign to put himself at the upper end." " By no means, sir," said the farmer. " Sit down I" said the gentleman. " Good, your wordship," quoth the farmer. " Sit where I bid you," said the other. The' clodhopper still excused himself, and would not be seated ; but the gentleman told him he should, as he meant to be master in his own house. But the ever- mannerly booby, fancying ho should be hugely well-bred and civil, scraped and cringed and refused, till at last the gentle man in a great passion took him by the Bhoulder and banged him down in the chair and cried : " Sit there, you clodpate, for let me sit wherever I will, that still will be the upper end, and the place of worship to thee." And in like manner we can tell other colonies to fix the capital city wherever they like j it will matter nothing to us, for wherever Sydney nnd its lovely harbour are that Bpot will always hold the Australasian capi tal, aud be the place to which the world will pay its hqmai I have seen some very daring things done in the way of journalism, but by far the most audacious is the story which a reckless contem porary has saddled upon that staid divine whom it post irreverently dubs " Old Bishop Goe." rBriefly put, this horrible tale tells of four young curates who called to afford some spiritual con solation to another young curate who had met with an accident. When the visitors' stock of spiritual comfort ran out, the sick man intimated that he had some of his own, but of a totally different brand, in a sturdy bottle planted in his library behind " The Lii'e and Sufferings of John Knox." It was instantly decided to sample that bottle, the result being that the five jolly divines were soon seated round the bed, their eoats off, pipes in their mouths, tumblers of potheen at their elbows, and all engrossed up to thoir evangelical ears in a rattling game of nap. _ The fun was waxing fast and furious, and the sick saint, flushed with excitement over the good hand he held, was beginning to warble the only ditty he knew — " Come, let us be joyful, joyful, joy — ," when a tap was heard ' at the door. " Come in, if you're fat I" shouted the invalid gleefully, and then, to the speechless consterna tion of ail, in popped the most potent, grave, and reverend head of Bishop Goe 1 For a second or so the whole five curates were fairly paralysed, but quickly recovering themselves one apostle grabbed the cards, another made a disastrous at tempt to stuff the whisky under the bed, and the dudeens were being dropped under the table, when the worthy bishop grasped the situation, and said with a killing smile — " Oh, a little private prayer meeting, I perceive. Very good 1 I'll call again in an hoar or so." It's a denied good yarn, on the whole, but it presupposes that Bishop Goe has a keen sense of humor, and I can't sta,nd that, for the days for miracles being wrought are over. . By order of the Czar a polite invitation lias been issued to all the Great Powers to attend a conference and arrange, if possible, for an inter national disarmament by way ofleading Hp to universal peace. So far as the Czar is concerned he has as much to do with the matter as I have, but he is the mouthpiece of a party famed for trickery and underground engineering, and very naturally the Powers invited are somewhat sus picious. The Emperor of Germany will probably stand out, as he considers that the promotion of peace (even at the point of the sword, if neces sary) is his special mission, and he may wish to " put a head " on the Czar for his rash inter ference. Considering how strained relations are in China, Lord Salisbury may simply place his thumb to his nose and sarcastically ask the Czar : " What are you giving us ?" The other Powers will remember the classic saying: "I fear the Greeks most when they bring presents." And so the much-desired millennium of peace will be farther off than ever. If Bismarck's " bloody cataclysm " should come off now Russia will be able to say to her foes : " I invited you to join in peace but you would have war, so come on ; the blame is all yours." A sudden disarmament would flood the labor market and cause almost as much misery as a great war, but the danger of that is not imminent. The Czar's proposal is too good for the world just at present. Premier Reid has introduced Federation to the House once more, and with so much tact and true federal spirit that there is very little left for anyone to cavil at. There is no very important issue here to wraugle over, and it is to be hoped that no time will be lost in long-winded palaver. It is thought that the next Premiers' conference will be followed by a parliamentary convention, such as that of '91, and. this convention may be held in Brisbane ; a matter which may have good effect in drawing Queensland into the union. It is unfortunate that Mr. Barton is still without a seat in Parliament, but the general belief is that he will be there in a few weeks' time, and the present delay is merely by way of spriuging a cheerful surprise on the Government at the last moment. He is badly wanted, and the sooner he comes the better. 