A LIFE SAVED. -:Mr George Marncr, of Victorta-road, An. burn, had a severe experience with his second daughter. Alice, who had been a sufferer from weakness for some years, more especially after passing her fifteenth year. On interviewing Mr Marner, who is well. known in banking circles, he informed our representative that lie had at one time been under the impression he would lose his daughter, medical men whom he had con. sulted asserting that she was overgrowing her strength to such an extent that Nature could not possibly stand it. " But," re marked Mr .Marner. " you had better see her yourself," an invitation that was cheer. fully availed of. Miss Alice, who had the reverse appear ance to that of delicate health, said that she had commenced, some two years previous, to feel very ill after returning home from school. "I did not feel sufficiently unwell to take to my bed, but Experienced a con tinned languid feeling that made me feel most miserable. Father took me to see a medical man and lie said that I was over growing my strength, and. I was not to exert myself. As I had no inclina'ion to do so, there was no fear of my disobeying this order, and I took the ' quinine tonic' given me with regularity. Then I commenced to feel a lot of pains in my shoulders and back, and at night I could scarcely get any rest." '' Weo tried everything to induce sleep," interposed Mr Marner, "but it had no effect, and then I consulted a well-knows Collins-street practitioner. le said that my daughter was suffering principally from weakness, and advised a change. Her mother.took her away for a trip to Queens land; but she returi~ed looking worse than she went. Shortly after passing her six. teenth birthday she became worse, retching on rising in the morning. Any food taken could not he kept down; she lost flesh and became a mere ghost of her former self." . " This time last year," said Miss Alice, " I weighed 7st 31b, now I am 9st 71b." "A great improvement. Your treatment must have been beneficial 1" '" No; all the medicine I got did me very little good.\ Actually .Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Pile-People deserve that credit Just before the Jubilee holidays last year father bought me a box of Dr Williams Pink Pills at Mr Pleasance's, Chapel street. Prahran. They did me so much good that I contiuued witll them. It is four months since I discontinued taking them, and I anm now as healthy as anyone could wish to be. I merely speak from experience, but that has satisfied me." "And you would recommend them !" "Yes; and that strongly too," said Mr Iarner.. " Had I known of Dr Williams Pink Pills two years before it would have saved me a hundlred pounds." 