THE LIGHT THAT C-lSr SHADOW. NO Carious stories are told abont the powers possessed by cert ma natives of India, who live up among the Himalaya mountain*. Tiieae old men, it is said, hare devoted •scores of years, to the study of natural laws and forced, whidi the rest of the world knows nothing about. Lately a German professor visited the " adepts," as ine.-te queer Hindus are called, for tue purpose of finding out the sesret of their remarkable performances. They treated him rather scurvtlv, but interested him a-1 the same. One day the piofessor wanted to exttntae some anc>ent tiaoskrit manuscripts. An adept want with bim to a cave wherein the books were kept. The place was dark as the bottom of a well. " I can't see to read, here," said the visitor. '> Tuen we will have some light," was the reply, aod immediately (the professor say«) a soft, pearly light brightened the cave, re could not tell whence it came, but he noticed that it had one straa£e quality— it czst not Hue slightest shadow. Tm« a atory hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learning and high character, and yoa who now retd it h<ive no reason for doubt except that all the lights you have seen have cast shadows. Belief or unbelief cotn.nonly runs parallel wiili one's own experience. Or J olio son sniffed at the account of the Lisbon earthquake, jet credited the tale of the Cock Lane ghost. A man who has bee l ill for year?, and failed to find a cure, is sceptical when triendii tell him of a me liciiie wliieh they believe will make hrn well. What el.-e but doubt could result froai his experience ? Take an example :— '' la the spring of 1833," writea our correspondent, " I /ell into a low, weak, and languid state. I felt low-spirited a<id out of sorts. At first rny stomach was deranged, ray appotitc p >or, ami after eating I had pain and weigtit at the client. I was much troubled wi h winJ, and frequently spat up a sour fiuid, also bitter bile. Later on I suffered from nervousness and great depres 8ion of spirits L kept up with my work, but nad always a sense of discomfort. OI and en I continued in tin* way for two vears, nothing t<iat I tooic relieving iue. At la-it I heard of Mother Seigei's Sjrup, and procured a supply. After I had taken only a few doses I found relief ; my food digested, and gradual y all n^rvonjiiess left me. Although i had no reason at first to feel any confidence fu this medicine, never having used it or St*en it used, I now gladly admit its value, and its power over disease. Smce my recovery, for which I thank Moth-r Seigel's Curative Syrup, I have b^en in the bt-st of health and spirit* Io the interests of suffering humanity I deem it a doty to se>i>1 you this testimony. (Signed) U. Griffiths, tailor and omfitter, 151, Hockley Hili, Birmingham, June 8t(i, 169( " There is a deal of difference between Mr Griffith'* candid letter and the story about the light that cast no shadow. The latter may .>e true enough, but it cannot .be verified without more trouble than ir is worth. On the other hand we have a trustworthy witness, who will answer letters of iuq-itry, and can be found at his addresi. Finally, there is nothing mystic or magical about Mother detgel's Curative S>rup. It acts on the theory thac rnojt ailments are 0:it symptoms, forms, or phases of that universal disea«e—indigestion and dyspepsia ; it cures that, and throws the light of health and happiness over hearths and homes where illness and pain bad cast such dark and terrifying shadows. And that is why people believe all lh£t is told of its success by ea^r witnesses. They hid a littta jm'ty of gussta at tha uouse, anl be resn-dfked to hid wife as he was gluing ready for bid, that a-i flittered himself thit ue h.id the part of hos; in rather a brilliant manner. ' I can ouly reeill one brilliant action of yours,' she said. 4 What was that V ' Lighting the gas.' 