NOV1&U; a Question of Courage CHAPTER X:—(Continued.) By FRANCIS LYNDE. Hester covered her face with her hands, and the compassionate comforter saw a tear trickle down one of the shapely fingers. ' There, there, Hester dear; don't cry: 1 know yon can't talk about it yet, not even tome.' The girl looked up with cheeks aflame. And you know why I can't! It's shameful to even think of such a thing!' ' No, it isn't,—not from my point of view; you must remember I know some things on the other side, and if Hugh hasn't spoken it's because he has been restrained by a nobler motive than most men oould find a place for. Ob, you needn't hide your face again : I'm not going to do his wooing for iasn ; you'll find he can do that for himself, son e day, and then he'll tell you all about it.' Hester rose aad crossed to the window commanding a view of the mountain and Sirs Ludlow weat away to attend to her household duties. When she looked in an hour later, the girl was still standing at the window, looking with wistful eyes at the forest-clad slopes of the great hill, as if seeking to read the secret of the mystery on the fair pages of the landscape. It was a long, weary day for the two women, and in the afternoon Bestir announced her intention of returning to 'The Laurels.' ' I shall hear sooner, if I go back,' she said, in reply to Mrs Ludlow's effort to detain her, ' and the delay is pitifully hard at best.' ' Shan't I have John get out the phaeton, so I can drive you up 'No,' replied Hester, with her face averted. ' I thiuk it will be better for me to go by myself. If — if it should turn out as I fear, I should want to be quite alone for a while.' Mrs Ludlow understood, and did not seek to change her plans ; and after the girl had disappeared iu the windings of the mountain road, the tender-hearted little woman took the vacant place at the window, watching eagerly for the first signs of the returning search-party. She was standing there yet when the sun went behind the mountain and the first- ( stragglers of the party began to appear in the road; and she was trying so earnestly to distinguish t be form of her husband among the men that she did not hear him when he entered the room. A single glance at his face disheartened her, and she could not find words to frame the question that found better speech in her eyes. 'No, we didn't find him,* said Ludlow, gravely, answering her thought. • We quartered every foot of the plateau and looked all along under the cliffs on both brows of the mountain. He's not up there, dead or alive. And that isn't all: the MoNabb was blown up again last night.' j Mrs Ludlow seemed not to have heard the last sentence, for she put her arms around her husband's neok and hid her face on his bosom, saying, softly, ' Oh, poor, poor Hester!' CHAPTER XI. THE BUILDING OF A STAIR. Good resolutions, backed by whatever plea of advisability or necessity, are cot always certain to bear fruit after their kind. When Ringbrand flung himself down beside the log to wait for the dawn, he fully intended keeping awake in order to take advantage of th« earliest light for the beginning of the new endeavour. So ran the alert determination ; but he who watches may not lie quietly with closed eyes, and when Ringbrand sprang to his feet out of a sound sleep the morning was far advanced. Reproaching himself remorsefully for his want of vigilance, he recalled the details of the plan which had suggerted itself in the night, and went immediately to work. He first ascertained half the length of the log by measuring it with the rope, and with the dimension thus obtained he gauged the varying width of the cavern until he found a point where the walls apptoached each other so nearly as to make the intervening correspond exactly with his measurement. The next step was to cut the log into two pieces of equal length, and, dragging it out into the better light under the aperture, he narrowly missed throwing it down upon another package of food similar to the one found in the same spot on the previous morning. It was a welcome surprise, and he stopped work long enough to devour the hard corn- bread and greasy bacon, thinking that the daintiest breakfast ever brought him by the well-trained waiter in the grill-room of his New York club had not been eaten with a keener relish. ' It must be the woman,' he soliloquized; ' it oan't be anyone else; and if these fellows have put their devilieh plot in motion I'll get no more rations from that source, because they were to send her away to-day. After all, though, I don't know as it makes much difference ; if another night finds me still in this hole I shan't care much what becomes of me.' Putting the shadow of despondency into words had the effect of defining it, and he shook it off resolutely. ' That'll never do ; there must be no 'ifs' and 'ands' about it; I've just got to get out of here while this daylight lasts.' He swallowed the last mouthful of bread and fell to work again, beginning to out a grove aronnd the middle of the log by incessant and careful strokes of the pick. In turning the piece of timber, he saw where the mountaineer's shot had ploughed a deep furrow in it, and he knew then that the bruise on his arm had been made by the glancing and half-spent bullet. He scarcely heeded the grim reminder, and as he bent patiently to his work he thought how quickly the school of privation and hardship begins to impress its lessons of indifference upon the mind. There are many things easier of accomment than the cutting in two of a six-inch stick of tough oak with the dull point of a pick as a substitute for an axe; and the muscles of Ringbrand's back and arms were in painful rebellion, and his hands were sore and blistered, long before the thing was done. As a college man, he had been rather fond of athletics, and the training of the university gymnasium, reaching up through the overlying years of sedentary habit, gave him the powor of endurance and enabled him to keep steadily at work in spite of the protests of back and anus and hands; but this did not lessen the acuteness of the pain, nor did it dull the keen agony of apprehension that seized upon him as he saw how slowly the cutting progressed. Notwithstanding hia perseverance and the feverish energy with which he worked, the hands of his watoh marked the hour of noon when the last remaining fibres of the wood gave way under the blows of tha pick, and, stopping only long enough to get a drink of water from the pool, he carried the pieces to the point determined by ihe measurement with the rope, and began to fit one of them breast-high between the vertical walls as the first round of his ladder. ' By Jove! talk about special providences —what chance would I have if this bit of timber hadn't tumbled down here P' It was a comfort to think aloud in the dead silence of the place. ' Now, if I can wedge this so it will hold me ' A half-dozen trials went for nothing, and Le sat down to worry it out in theory. 'It's too long—that's what's the matter with it: but if I cut it off it may be too short for the next place, and that won't do. Let me see; I wonder if I couldn't dig a little step for the lower end.' He was on his feet again in a moment, picking a shallow hole in the soft sandstone. The expedient answered the purpose, and when the log was adjusted he tried it, first by littles and then by climbing up and jumping upon it. It held, and he forgot his aches and pains in the exultant joy of success. ' That demonstrates it: if I can fit one, I can fit the others. And I'll get the hang of it presently, so I cin work faster. It ought not to take more than six of these to carry me to the top; six, or possibly seven,'— scanning the sleft above him,—' and I've got five hours or such a matter to do it in. At that rate it will be dark when I get back to Ludlow's : but that won't matter. Am hour will give me all the time I want at Tom's, and we can figure safely up to ten o'clock.' Then the folly of planning so far ahead while he was still in prison that for two days and a half had resisted all his efforts to break it struck him like the rebuke of a taskmaker, and he slid down from the log with a mild imprecation pointed at his own vagaries. 'That's just like me,' he muttered, ' sending my imagination aoross the river before the bridge is even planned. Work iB the word, you speculative idiot! Do you hear that P Work ." To his great astonishment, :he word seemed to bring an answer from the upper world, and he, ran to the other end of the cavern to listen. The hallo was repeated, and he answered it with all the strength of his lungs ; once again he heard the cry, but this time it was fainter, and after that the silence was undisturbed. Alive to the importance of utilizing every moment of time, Ringbrand leturned to his work; but the expiring glimmer of the hope raised by the answering shout left a feeling of depression which would have unmanned him had he known that one of the searching miners had actually looked down into the cavern at the moment when he was climbing down from the first step of his problematical stair. Fitting the first round of the ladder from the solid standing-ground offered by the bottom of the cave was much easier than the adjustment of the seoond, but Ringbrand had his plans well thought out now, and he worked carefully and methodically, saving the preoious moments in every possible way. Climbing to a seat upon the round already placed, he hoisted the other piece of wood after him by means of the rope; and, balancing upon the precarious footing, he succeeded after many cautious trials in hewing out a resting-place for the second step in his stairway. With the fixing of this round, however, the difficulties immediately doubled, because the subsequent steps mast be fitted each from the slight p caff old - ing afforded by the other. Making a final trip to the floor of the cavern, Ringbrand tied one end of the rope to the pick, and carrying the other end with him, he ascfcdvd and fastened it to the first piece of wood. Then climbing to the second, he repeated the former operation, dislodging the lower round by gentle upward blows with the swinging picfc and drawing it up until he oould grasp and raise it to a point still higher in the cavern. The plan was completely successful, but its slow progress consumed the time remorselessly, and the strain of work and aaxiety began to tell upon him. He fought desperately against the rising fever of impatienoe, knowing well enough that everything now depended upon his abi'ity to go on with persistent determination and with steady bands. As he neared the roof of the cavern, where the shadows were deeper, the difficulty of placing the cross pieces increased so greatly that he grew faint and dizzy with lifting and reaching ; and while he was raising the last step in the stair to its place between the walls, he suddenly became blind and tremulous, the heavy log s'ipped from his hands and went crashing to the bottom of the chasm, and a second afterward he lost his balanoe and followed it, catching frantically at the uneven walls as he slid back to the sandy floor. The sharpest discouragement is sometimes a blessing in disguise. The shock of the fall and the apparent failure of his carefully laid plan seemed to inspire Ringbrand with an energy born of despair. Struggling to his feet, and gathering new courage from the thought that the other end of the rope was still fastened to the remaining round in the upper shadows, he lashed the stick that had fallen to the end to which the pick was attached, and climbed once more to the peroh in the twilight under the roof. Fired witb. an enthusiasm which banished all thought of fatigue, he soon had the swaying log in his grasp again, and after a moment of critical poising the last step wws wedged into its place and driven securely home by a few blows with the pick. Without waiting to tost its stability, he swung up to the frail staging, drew the pick up after him, and balanced himself for the attack upon the roof. Just at this juncture the thought suddenly came to him that be had built his ladder upon the mere supposition that the roof was assailable, and an awful fear that instead of yielding earth he might enoounter a huge boulder almost unnerved him. There was no time for hesitation, however, and, summoning all his strength, he swung the pick upward, giving a glad cry of relief and a hearty ' Thank God!' when the iron tore a great hole through the thin covering, bringing down a shower of earth and pebbles upon him, and letting the blessed light of day into the gloomy shadows of the pit. A minute later he was standing, begrimed and breathless, but heart-whole and thankful, upon the firm turf of the mountain-top; and, pausing only long enough to get his bearings, he set off at a quick trot toward Tregarthen, taking a straight course through the forest and keeping the direction by the red glow of the (unset. CHAPTER XII. A TALOXOU6 COWABD. The leader of the unsuccessful party of sea chers was just finishing his supper, in the intervals of whiob delayed meal he had been giving his wife a detailed narration of the events of the day. ' And now I sup-. pose I've got to go and put in the night at the McNabb,' he addei : ' these raids have got to be stopped, if ' Mrs Ludlow held up a warning finger. ' I thought that was our gate,' she said, and presently they both heard the quick tervoun tread of some one coming up the gravelled walk. Then there was a step on the veranda, and before either of them could rise a grimy apparition appeared at the door of the dining-room. Ludlow sprang to his feet with an exclamation of glad surprise. ' By Jove, old fellow, but you did give me a turn!' he exclaimed, grasping the apparition's hand and wringing it heartily. ' I thought it was your ghost,—I did, for a fact; and I believe the small madam thinks so yet.—Helen, dew, wake up and allow me to introduce Mr Ringbrand.' Mrs Ludlow rose unsteadily and ran cp, laughing and crying in the same breath. ' You foolish man!' she said, pushing her husband aside impetuously, ' can't you see that Hugh 19 nearly dead P—and you sl:and there making your miserable jokes ! Why don't you run for the doctor, quick ?' In spite of the dreadful secret that was weighing him down like a nightmare, Ringbrand dropped into the nearest chair and laughed till the tears cut little channels through the grime on his cheeks. ' You mustn't mind me,' he said, as soon as he could speak ; ' I haven't laughed for three whole days, and it sounds ?o good and homelike to hear you talk again. I don't want a doctor, Tom,'—Ludlow was edging toward the hat-rack,—' I need soap and water, and something to eat.—Mrs Ludlow, I'm your guest, and I've lost ten consecutive meals : please have Aunt Mina put the whole ten of them on the table, and I'll devour them whan I've washed off a little of this warpaint.' Mrs Ludlow vanished in the direction of the kitohen, and Ringbrand rose and grasped his friend's arm. ' Tom, you come upstairs with me while I clean up a bit, and I'll tell you what I can. There's work cut out for both of us to-night, with not any too much time to spare.' Ludlow followed him up-stairs, asking, ' Shall I turn on the water in the bath-room for you ?' ' No : there isn't time for that; but you may open those valises and get me a whole clean outfit —the black suit with the cutaway will do.' He got out of his soiled clothing hurriedly, throwing the different articles all about the trim room and hastily recounting the story of his capture, imprisonment, and escape, concluding by giving an outline of the plot against the Latimers as set forth in the conversation between the two men in the oave. ' Great heavens ! but it's lucky your overheard that talk,' ejaculated Ludlow, paus- ing in his aimless search among the contents of the travelling-bags. ' It's something more than luok, Tom,' replied Ringbrand, sluicing hia face in the basin ; it's Providence, or else I shouldn't be here to tell about it.' ' Have you thought of an/ plan to checkmate the scoundrels P' ' I have, and it needs your help. As soon as I've had something to eat, we'll drive up to ' The Laurels,' and then you can take the first opportunity that offers to get the colonel by himself while you tell him about it. He can tell Henry quietly, and there'll be no need of alarming - Miss Hester. After she has 8 one bed we n hold a council of war, put out the lights, and dispose our forces so as to give the Bynums a warm welcome when they come ; they will not make the attempt much before midnight, and we will have plenty of time to get ready for them. ' Hadn't we better take a few of the men with us ?—the Bynum boys will fight like devils when they find themselves cornered.' ' I think it won't be necessary—oan't you find that suit ? You see, there will be four of us, and if you can manage to capture tha one who is holding the horses, I think the colonel and Henry and myself will be good for the other two. I had thought of suggesting something like this. They will leave the horses in the grove at the left of the avenue, and you can post yourself where you can slip up and surprise your man. Then the others will proceed to fire the house,—probably at the front—retreating to the cover of the clump of laurels to await developments, for the sake of having a clear case of arson against them, I thought it would be best to wait until they had actually started the fire, and while they are doing this I can get behind the laurels and the colonel and Henry can prepare to cover the men with their rifles as they retreat. At the proper moment I can show myself and demand a surrender, and we'll nave them pretty well surrounded.' Ludlow rose from his knees and proceeded. to dump the contents of the valises upon the bed, whistling softly to himself as he did so. ' The scheme's as clear as diluted daylight, and it is worthy of a graduate of Scotland Yard,' he said. • There is only one point that is a little misty : you've given yourself a part that will ask for a heap of downright cold- blooded nerve, Hugh. What have you done with your respected traditions of inherent cowardice, and the like ?' ' Left them in the hole up on the mountain, I hope,' replied Ringbrand, struggling into the clothing handed him by Ludlow. • Anyway, that is just what I want to find out. On two occasions within the last threa days I have managed to scare up courage enough to stand up to danger like a man, but the conditions were such as would have made a rabbit turn and fight. What I want to know now is if the inspiration were merely an exaggeratiom of the instinct of selfdefence, or if I really did gain a victory.* ' Well, you're certainly .in a fair way to settle the question if you carry out your programme. Has it occurred to you that your calm demand will probably be answered by a couple of rifle balls ?' ' I have thought of that, but 1 meau to take the chances,—if I do not weaken and make a failure of the whole affair.' Ringbrand completed his hasty toilet, and went down to the dining-room, where Mrs Ludlow was waiting to serve the returned wanderer. He took his accustomed place and made a ravenous onslaught upon the hastily prepared supper that astonished and gratified the sympathizing hostess. ' How dreadfully hungry you were!' she said, calllF.j Aunt Mima to replenish the empty bread plate. ' Haven't you had anything to eat all these days ?' ' Not very much. I will tell you all about it the first chance I get.' (To be continued.) 