VICTORIA. The potato crop in Victoria is very short thia ?year. Trott, the cricketer, has now recovered from hia illness. A man named William Lee . was robbed and violently assaulted in a street of Melbourne' on Sunday night. Arthur Stray, aged 42, whom over-indnlsence in drink had ruined, committed Buicide at Melbourne on Saturday. At the Melbourne Sbow the trotting match was won by Calista, and the high lump, 6ft. 2in, by Fairfield, the horse which wou last year. The estate of the late John Smith, of Melbourne, solicitor, has been proved at over £246,000. The duty paid on it amonnted to over £24,000. A party of blue jackets on Monday decorated General Gordon's statue on the Eastern Hill, Mel bourne, with a beautiful wreath of wild flowers. A man *yho gave evidence in a Sunday trading cobb at Fitzroy, gave his name as Ernest Bismarck, and deposed that he waB a nephew of tho iate Ger man Chancellor. The secretary of the Royal Agricultural Society of Vietoria states that the receipts in connection with last week's show were nearly £300 better than those of last year. The hearing of tbe action brought by Mrs. Williams, widow of Dr. Williams, against James Christopher, chemist, for £3000 damages for loss of her huaband, by, it waa alleged, giving him a wrong drug, closed in Melbourne on Monday. The jury found a verdict for the defendant with costs. ' The Horsham School Board of Advice investi gated a charge preferred against the head teacher of the Horsham State School, Mr. Martell, of hav ing excessively chastised a boy, 11 years of aae. Tbe board held that the boy had been severely and unwarrantably punished, and referred the matter to the Education Department. The establishment of the Viotorian military forces has been fixed at 5867 for the- current year. The permanent forces total 381, including officers; the militia forces 3385, including 19S7 infantry, 8G6 garrison artillery, 269 field artillery, 179 engineers, 39 army service corpa, and 40 . ambulance' corp3. The total strength of the Mounted Rifles has been fixed at 800, the Rangers at 850, and the Scottish regiment at 451. The committee appointed by the Australian Cricket Council to deal with the selection of the next Australian Eleven has recommended that the' players in each colony who have taken pint in one or more test matches of laBt season , shall appoint one of them to represent auoh colony on the selec tion committee, the manager to bo aelected by a, minimum of seven players ; the selection of the manager to be submitted to tho council for approval. The players to take part in this selection are to be elected before January 1, 1899. Tbe three principal charitable institutions of Ballarat have each received a big windfall quite unexpectedly. Some days ago an elderly man named Harvey was found in a weakly condition, suffering from an incurable complaint. He lived alone, and his habits were miserly. The police tried to arrange for his admission to the hospital, but the medical officers at tbe institution refused to admit Harvey, sb his complaint was chronic. The police noticed pieceB of soiled paper tied aronnd Harvey's leg, »nd these, on being examined, proved to be Union Bank of Australia deposit re ceipts for over £900. Harvey, who died on Friday night, made his will, bequeathing £300 each to the hospital (to which institution he had been refused admission), the Benevolent Asylum, an^ the Orphan Asylum. His cottage he left to a neighbouring woman, who wai very kind to him during his ill ness, and he also made provision for the! payment of £50 each to the doctor and policeman, whom he appointed executors in his estate. During tbe past fortnight a ' ghoBt' has been promenoding the outskirts of Bendigo, much to the terror of the womenfolk ; but effoitst.) capture the perpetrator of the scare have been unsuccessful. One evening the contentB of a shot-gun were dis charged at the jokist, apparently without doing any damage, and a couple of evenings later a plucky young woman threw a stcne at bim, and ?the ' ghost' retaliated by brutally striking ber in tho face with hia fiat. About 2 o'clock on Saturday morning a tramway employe Baw a figure in white staring at him'from behind a fence. Tho employe was armed with a revolver, bfit was too frightened to use it. 