TALES# 5 th8' THAT COMIC MASK. 13y Mr. WILSON BAKRETT. Author of 44 The Sign of the Cross, " tec., tec. It is the Christinas Eve of a good, old-fashioned winter."- Good, indopd, when the bitter frost which has lasted for weeks has so hardened the ground that nil oul-Cool labor has stopped, i when water is hard to get, and, to many, bread still harder. A "good, old-fashioned winter," when the poor huddle together shiveringly by the fireless grate, and stare with mmgry eyes at: the empty cupboard'; when i Ue biros drop in scores from the ice- bound branches, stiii and frozen, into the pitiful snow, digging with tboir fail their own tiny graves. Christinas Eve, and in the Yorkshire town of Holydace, aDd far around it, the snow is falling, lazily falling, in largo fantastic flakes that coido steadily, stralgluly down. They are ill no hurry ; there is no hovering, drifting. daiiHng. or sporting, for the air senns frozen, and is absolutely still. Seriously, soberly, quietly, and orderly these flakes are falling, as though oucli had a mission, and meant to fulfil 'jr. So down, down they come, covering the frozen earth and the frozen trees. Covering the homos of the rich and the hovels of the poor, and hiding kindly the grim, black scars thai man has made in the fair face of nature while digging for her buried treasures. Covering the streets and the stony boundaries, which around this busy work- worn town do duty for hedge-rows. Covering fac tory fliid church, and laying rever ently a vast wjndiug-ehect over the whole of God's acre, and those who rest in it. on the bleak hillside un yonder. A ' good, old-fashioned winter," and in the streets flie singers are carolling out "Christians awake!1' Yes. Christians awake — you who have the power to help, awake, for your brethren are starving and freezing. Awake I Awake ! Open your hearts and your poekKs. . and thank Goii reveronlly «,n ilii Christmas Eo. if. with the will, you have me 'power to feed and clothe them. Christmas Eve, and iu the busy Mar ket Hall, the gas is flarin:r, the stalls are Jo.nted with good things, and the cries of the vendors ris» in hoarse jerks ovi r the »"\ieooss hum of the buyers and the murmurs of longing of those who can only look and can not afford jo bur. Christinas Eve. and the snow is? falling. A hush is creeping over the noisy streets, for the thick, while carpet i covering the stones, and the wheels of the cans aud the waggons roll noisoles \y over if. and little is heard except the hum of distant voices, and the re- sonant ringing of the joy-hells from the old "Parish Church. Under' the" gas-la taps across tie street the snow is falling, re.-.tiug hi patches on the pantomime poster— glorious awhile ago in the ptrouyesL rc-c-', bines, greecs. and yellows— now almost ob scured by lie iu)ivo;>ni white, ilnrle- is covered, .save his marked head, which Mauds out funereally black. Columbine's legs alone are visible, looking red with the cold ; Pantaloon looks a ghost of pat her Christmas: the clown's orescent-like patches of ruddy color on either cheek are covered with snow. j;ud even he seems to be shivering in the general frost. Round the corner, ard through the narrow passage, figures are flit ting to and fro with anxious faces and quick, busy steps. Busy they seem and busy they are, for they are mov er less cnnnect-M with the Grand Comic CbrNrtiias pantomime, now being rehearsed for production on Boxing night at the Theatre Royal. Holydac»». the stage entrance to which is across that drnly-lii yard, and through that barn-like do,ir. route tip the stab.-, and on to the stage. Ibdjo.irsffl is in fnll swing, aud all are working with a will, for there is but oue heart, one mind in tills link hand, bound Together by an art: eoinpnulonship of yoars. Travel ling together mouth after month, year after .tear, iliey are for ibe most part earnest, thoughtful, and determined to succeed. The Utile theatre Is like a human hive. There, iu i,«o corner, are the Lighr t'oineiiian ami the Walking Ladv over the trips''— or dances— with which, as Harlequin and Colum bine. 1ltoy are to eurrance the souls of the little mies on Boxing Night. The soubrctre (Mr. Gregory Bufiiu) is at the back of the stage with some two dozen children, putting rhein Ibrough a series oi evolutions— an- nouueed on the bills as a "Grand Juvenile Ballot ! Performed by na tives of nolydnce." There is a popu lar low comedian who is to piny olon n, looking anxiously after 'tis sraurr nrr.-iy of properties. f,;r. usual, tin' property mnu has tern up uigiil ait 1 day working at the Grand Procession. on\\. nj<\\. and iterre li..< been no time to K- k afrrr the llarle- quitiC-ie; so Gregory Tbiflin grumbles m.der bis bir.ah. and daubs away at his hot vker ami his srrhig of .sacs- ! a ,cs. giving eery now n id then a j look of ( jicourageiuenf at littte Mrs.! Gregory P., driven almost to despair j by the nnaciable nature of the 1 torirl v V;i forms her whole envy- j bailer. '"he scc-je -painter is slop- j d:t"!,ing nr thr >: riuis of Lelig'.f. and little panicle- of Dutch metal an? floating in the air. The baud is banging away at the Triu'unhal March, aud there is hammering, ham mering everywhere, in the pit. iu the boxes, under the stage, over the stage, aud on the stage, for space is limited in the Theatre Uoyfti, Holydace. and time (considering liie amount of work to be done before Boxing Night), equally so. both must be economised. The manager—" The Guv'nor," as the company call him— Is at ike front of the stage, with eyes and oars every where. 44 A little quicker, and more spirit !"' (this to the band.) 44 Forte with The cornet ! Is that drum playing, or is it not V .. 44 Where is your wand, Miss Gnuzekin ?" 'That can't be right. Wood does not. and never did, rhyme witli love. What is the line, prompter ? Of course." "Take that child awav from the glue-pot," 44 .Toe ! Go up to my room and bring me down some green, foil, and I will dodge up litis demon's head." 44 Eh ? Certainly yon can wear pink tights if you like them better." 44 No, little one ; I have not (got your shoes. Ask Mrs. Wraggs for them." 44 That's wrong : try that song again. Yes. all through ! Do let us get it right. Tom, have you finished that dummy baby yet?' 44 5Ybat on earth is this? Bird <>£ raradifee. indeed ! Looks like a boiled owl : do leugthen. the tail, and dash a little color into it. I didn't ask for a seateCrow." "Ladies! indies ! Do leave off laughing and taking, and save your, voices for your ' if you would but be as loud on flre&age; as you are off r - Don't bother any.-jnore over that donee. Miss Emznie ; you must ho tivd out, aud it's sure to go." 44 What is it ? Eli ? How can T see a strangeMn the middle of 'this muddle ? Lawks 'hard upT: Of eouifee; Well, briiig blm op the slageririltry to snatch <<l moment for hlmjy- And on ' the guv'nor ' -goes. j" r '-.v Timidly round .the wings a .paiej wan face. pair of brown, wistful anxiously on the gov1vg;j owner waite to be caUell wfalil of thinking for wndy -yij> guv'nor lias forgotten the miff lie his sent for, till presently Jjfs eyqJighiB oil the strange, woe-begnne face. - : : < " Who's that ? Oh, oT course, A®k him to conm here! A/ figure in seedy black limps palR- fifliy forward; a man, nnfl.JL rentier man, the guv'nor thinks, forhteulck' eyes (trick eyes the company>»JlB tliem jc'they. declare he„scesfbhfp|rs,,be- liiud, and on every side" of him) . take in the wlioJe"of the man's character At a glance. ... .'< A threadbare coat isjheld by a cold, blue hand, trembZingVound the shirt less throat, while the other iian<F lifts continuously a battered' fa'at os he ap proaches ; tiie boots, from' which the snow is thawing with the heat of the fo0ilights(-ure old and worn-one hole to let tiie water inanotherkto let it out. And the face — - 44 Poor fellow I" thinks the guv'nor.' ' vhio and what are you ?, N'o drink there; only poverty misery and hopeless friendiessness." " What is it ?" 44 Mr. , i believe Y The question is asked witli a hollow, though still musical voice, with a trained, culti vated accent. 'l am very sorry to' intrude lipoii you at a time like this, but I thought it just possible there might be a small part unfilled, -or if aot, that there might be a chance for xnp gvea as a super." ' " . - The 5<iul of the pi.m abems to look, out hungrily from the large brown eyes, and the guv'nor feels asmall lump in his throat as he watches the sorrow of The face and tiie look of yearning huugcrr-hunger " of food, hunger for friendship, companionship, and love. "The man Is starving." he thinks, as he asks, 44 Do you belong to Holy- dace " No, sir, I have walked to-day from Barsfleld, twelve miles away." " What is your. name ?" » "Henry Gray." 44 Assumed." thinks ike guv'nor, kindly refraining from further ques tioning, and with a lie (for which for give him. reader) he says. " Yes, there is a email part in— let me see— -the \- sixth scene, which I shall he glad to i giro you. Of course, the salary is small, but everything will be found for you. aud it may suit you till some- . tiling better turns up." The poor, wau face quivers. Tears are iu the quiet brown eyes. 44 Oil. thank you, sir, 1 shall never forget your kind " Kather hurriedly the guv'nor breaks in with— , "Treasury was held this morning, but there i.-> half a week's salary in a'd- ! vance. Go aud get a lodging and ! something to eat : be back in an" hour, I and I will r«?;iearse you iu tke part, I Excuse me now." j The cold, trembling hand grasps the I monc-y. aud the poor, colorless lips move mfiselei-i-ly 3i< Mr. Gray raises his Iku and departs. The guv'uor sits at the prompt table, and wirh a quick, inward question of " Where can I put hftu ?" he pulls out a pencil, biles it. scribbles off a few lilies of doggrel. bands it to the ju'ompter 1o copy into the manuscript of the pantomime, and calls lor the property uian. j "Tom. Where's that comic mask— , L 1 itDt one willi the wide, laughing 1 u-onth ? Yes. that's it.' j What a mask ! One of Dyk-Wyn- i kyn's funniest. The whole face is one huge, uncontrollable laugh. I The rehearsal proceeds, aud in less ' than half an hour Mr. Gray returns. I ITo has had a meal, and there. is a loot j of thankfulness, if not content, in his i face. The prompter bands him the part, and asks him to tty jpa the iua«k. He does so, and the effect, is j queer, odd. painful— The num. starved figure, the poor, cold hands, the i threadbare clothes, and the jolly, well- j fed. uproariously laughing, exagger- I aied head, under the weight of which ihe mail almost stagger in his weak- ' noss. On goes ih,> rehearsal. One by one 44 1 he hoys" go up and speak to the pirangcr. Adors are quick to read the shus of real trouble, and by the time Mr. Gray is called for his scene they have made him feel, to a certain extern, one of 1 hem-gives, and are orneking jokes for his amuscisiont. an HTSi'iu ion whh-h he accepts gratefully, and join in with quietly. Some comic music is played, and Mr. Gray is called upon to deliver the result of ll\e guv'nov's " inspiration." which has produced tiie following "Our King i coming: greet him with a cheer : Let him see naught but pleasure dwel- leth here; i Ping. sh"-h. and dance— to look your jol!:rtst Iry. do. Laugh fill your sides ache— enjoy yourselves a I do." He speaks the lines feebly through the rmi- and n-ks if be ran be of any further assistance. "No. i'i.-uia you." says the guv'nor, fljink'ng to lmrself, "you have as iun» U to »ln as your strength ean com pass. Yen can go." BiJll Mr. Gray lingi'.-s. tV- baud is playing, the foot- liglifs are kUizhig. W:fbn the theatre rln re i< light. comp.anlon- shin : wblinni. darkness, the snow, and li-u.Tr.e-. ami — V-- Luger? until ibno-'r t!r last : and as ho goes one of "the iKiys " says. "Give us a call m-morrow. laddie. It's Christmas n,iv. and v.-o'n have a glass and a >"M!ikrt feeCic:'. That's my addivfis." Mr. Gray gncps the proffenM hand pra+pfqv-. and says, "Thank Henven, T nni "Tnnjr friend at lastA' With" mother bow of thanks to the frhv'nor '< is gone. (To be Cmnfirued.) 