CHAPTER XXVII I.—A WEIRD GUIDE. In the gathering gloom of coming night, in the driving mist of snow, the scouts and soldiers saw Cody seated up on his horse — for he had made another effort to find a better camping ground— ■ his hand outstretched as he pointed to wards some object upon which his eyes rested. At first they saw nothing, but the keen gaze of Lieutenant Seaford pierced the sweeping curtain of falling snow, and beheld a horse and rider. It was a white horse, and the rider was envelop ed in a mantle as spotless as the snow about him. It looked like a shroud, arid floated about the form of the liorse .man almost like a cloud it seemed. :^“See! it is a horseman, and steed and i.rider look like ghosts,” cried Lieutenant Seaford. Every eye saw it now, and they beheld an.arm,of the weird horseman rise and beckon them towards him, then point in a certain direction. “Come, Lieutenant Seaiiord, we must ’iotfijW litmV lor that is my (Ghost Guide,” cried Cody., • “Yes, Seaford, Spectre Horseman or whatever it be, we must follow," said Surgeon Powell. The young officer saw Cody ride to wards the phantom-lilce fonn, and in stantly it moved away from him, but still beckoned for him to follow. “Come, mount men—forward, march!” ;Lieutenant Seaford commanded; and the men, who had dismounted, leaped to their saddles as quickly as their be numbed limbs would allow. “He leaves a trail, Cody, I am glad to see,” cried the lieutenant, springing- for ward to the side of the scout. “Yes, sir; but horse and rider are about as weird a pair as I ever met. Still, he led me to safety once, and I will' follow him.”' “Yes, I remember; but why not ride up and join him?” “You notice, sir, that he does not wish it, for the moment I hasten my pace he does the same.” “True, so humor him by all means, only do not let him get out of sight.” . “I’ll try not to, sir.” “You do not fear a trap?” “Not after what he once did for me, sir.” "What do you make out of such a. guide?’,’ . “I do not know, sir. But whoever or whatever he is, he dwells in these moun tains, and knows them, though just how he came in time to save us I do not “Well, ghost or mortal man, we are indebted to him- for our lives, I almost begin to feel. It is growing very dark —do you see him?” “Yes, sir, he has dropped back nearer to us, as though not to have us lose After riding on a short distance fur ther, Cody began to look about him, in spite of the' darkness. At last he said : ; “Lieutenant Seaford, I know where we “Ah!” “We are in the canyon leading to the little valley. I recognise the high cliffs now, and I find I got off the trail a couple of miles back. See there, sir;” and Cody pointed to high cliffs upon one side, and ahead loomed another wall of rock. “The weird guide has halted, Cody.” “YeSjj he is at the entrance of the pass. See, he points up the valley, and — he has gone.” “You are right.” The .weird guide had suddenly turned and his horse had dashed off at a bound. “What does it mean, Cody?” “It means, sir, that he know we were lost, and he has guided us to the pass entering the valley in which the Mid nighters have their retreat.” “And it is near?” “The barrier across from cliff to cliff fs not a quarter of a mile ahead, and then we enter the valley, and, crossing it, are upon the cabins.” “Well, we will not delay in attacking them, for the men are half-frozen and the horses used up.” “Yes; and through the snow we can ride right up to the cabins and demand the surrender of the outlaws, for we can surround each hut, and the sooner we fight it out and get warmth and shelter the better.” "You are right; so lead the way, and I will have the men come up in close order and look to their weapons;” and the lieutenant waited for his men to come up while Cody rode on ahead. ■ When they came up again with him, he was at the barrier, and had let thr bars down’ The weird guide had been true, the goal was before them, and they were ready to fight to the end. (JIJ Ag i Llt .VA1A.—XliA VVAJKiMiNW. Cody knew tlie way well up the little valley, round the lake, and to the log cabins of the outlaws. No horses were seen, but they had doutbless been put under shelter, he thought. He had studied the retreat and its sur roundings well while a prisoner, and was not at fault now, for the cabins lay be fore him. There were six of them, and the men were detached in squads to surround each one. Men and horses were piti fully cold; but the prospect of battle, and warmth and food to. follow, was a great reviver for the scouts and sol Not a sound was heard save the roar ing of the merciless storm, and not a light was visible in the cabins, the scout saw; but then the shutters would na turally be closed. It was not late, and yet the outlaws seemed to have all retired. Not a spark or a. sign of smoke was seen rising up from any of the chimneys. At last the men had got their positions, dismounted, and with .their arms ready, stood awaiting the ordeal. Knocking loudly upon tlie door of what he knew'-to be the cabin of Captain Law less, Cody awaited a reply, while Sur geon Powell, Lieutenan W.Seaford, and Lieutenant Emory at tlie isame time knocked at the' ctobr.sfor 'the other log But "nc answer came io-any of the knocks.. Again they.were repeated, but it was the same silent response that greeted “Open in the name of the United States army,” commanded Lieutenant Seaford, and his words were repeated at the doors of the other cabins. Still no response. ‘‘Come, men, break in the doors!" commanded Seaford; and large logs of wood lying outside of each cabin and six feet in length were raised and hurled against the doors. Whatever the fastenings they soon gave way, and the doors stood open. Then the pine knots were brought into requisition, lighted, and one was thrown into each cabin. The light revealed that each cabin was deserted, and, running in, the pine torch was thrown from the clay floor into the large fireplaces. The ashes in each were cold, showing that there had been no fire there for ’ some days at least. The large logs outside wero then brought in, and quickly fires were blaz ing and sending forth a cheerful light and genial warmth. The MIdnighters had not been found, but the half frozen men were in a place of refuge from the fearful storm and cold. Quickly their horses were unsaddled, blanketed, and led' into three of the cabins, and the oats brought on a pack animal given to them in a rather gener ous quantity, while the ice on the lake was broken, and the horses' comfort cared for by their humane riders. The tired, hungry, and cold brutes greatly enjoyed their shelter and food, and the soldiers and scouts gathered in tlie other cabins and cooked supper, while, the officers, Sprgeon Powell, and Cody took possession of the chief’s quarters, and watched Spurs’ preparations for a hearty supper. No one seemed to feel there was any need of a watch being set, for the out laws would never attack such a fore if So they warmed themselves before the blazing logs, ate a hearty supper, and, spreading their blankets, turned in for their much-needed rest. Cody was the first one to awake in the morning, and he threw some logs on the fire; and, opening the do.or of the cabin", stepped out to see what the weather was The wind still howled dismally, and the skies were overcast.. with leaden .cl.ouds - but the snow..£.erased., tc- fall... “At lasb the storm has splint itseirr 'it“ will clear off to-day,’,’ muttered the scout, with evident satisfaction, and he turned to awaken the others in the 'cabin when his eyes fell upon a slip of paper before the door.' It had been stuck there with a large pin. Instantly the scout took it down, expecting that tlie outlaws had left it there, and unfolding it read as follows, written in a legible hand: Colonel Cody,—Your foes have fled, and you must return to the post, and await another time to strike them. Tlie Indians will make a sweep down upon The post and settlements in the thaw that will follow this storm, for all is ready.for their raid; so return with all haste and prepare for them. THE GHOST OF THE MOUNTAINS. CHAPTER XXX.—THE RETURN. When Lieutenants Seaford and Emory and Surgeon Powell had read, this strange warning found by; Cody, the former said:— “Well, .Cody, what do you think of it?” . “I have had reason to feel perfect confidence in my weird friend, lieu tenant.” “Then you think it just as he has' said?” “Yes, sir.” • ' “And you, Powell?” . “You remember the fight with the In dians some time ago, after which Cody went on his' trail?” “Yes.” “That band was reconnoitring.” “Well?” “We met a band the night before last.” “We certainly did.” “They, too, were reconnoitring as they would never liave been away from their village at this season of the year.” “Then you. agree with Cody , that the Indians intend mischief?” “I certainly- do, Seaford, and the sooner the fort is ready for them'and the settlements and mining-camps warned the better,' for all are utterly unsuspect ing any trouble' now that cold weather has set in.” “You have1 something.to say, Emory;” and Lieutenant Seaford turned to his brother officer. . “I would say, Seaford, that this weird guide served Cody once, and all of us, last night, and lie now warns us of danger, so heed it; for it "would devas tate this country and cripple our- post terribly to be caught unawares by a large force of redskins just now. Wo have missed the outlaws, but then we have given an Indian band a severe drubbing, and tills warning is worth more than the hanging of a hundred Midnightera just now; while I notice a P.S. here which you doubtless have not seen;” and Lieutenant- Emory read, under a fold of paper : “Return for another time to pounce down upon the outlaws, for you will find them here later on.” The paper, passed from one to the other of the party, was read in silence, and after a few more comments, Lieu tenant Seaford said : “Emory, please give the order that we will start on the home trail in an hour's The men had hoped for a clay of rest under shelter, hut there was no grum bling when the order was given, and as there was every indication that the out laws. fearing the return of Cody, had left the place for good, all were in the saddle ready for the march at the ap pointed time. The storm had not wholly obliterated riieir trail, and reaching the harrier it ".vis seen that there were the tracks of a “Ingle horse going off in another direc tion. “That ghost leaves a trail,” said <-oay, pointing to the tracks, for they were fresh, and evidently left by the weird guide when he returned to put the warning upon the door. As they went along, Cody saw how easy it was for his to have gone astray In the storm at the point where he did ; for there were two tracks of lowland branching off together, and he had taken the one to the left, as there .was a large snowdrift in the other one. Officers and men.all saw this also and commented upon it. Riding at as brisk a pace they could, the snow in places was so deep they could not hope to reach the little camp much before night; but the sun had come, out bright, and there was every indication that a thaw would fol low very quickly in a day or two when the weather moderated, as the icy storm was weeks in advance of the season, and in fact heavy snowstorms were seldom known in that part of the country. It was nearly sunset when the t tired remnant rede into the c-amp. They were warmly greeted; for one of the scouts had gone ofiE 'fitat day to re connoitre, and had seen at a' distance-'a large band of Indians, evidently retreat ing to the mountains'for-shelter from1 the storm. Surgeon Powell at once IooUecf j-~'!ifir-i tlie -wounded, and announced' tiiwtHftby: were able to 'travel, and ft was'decided to retire early and make a start with the iirst peep of dawn. This they did, the litile band leaving the camp that hud served them so well at the first peep of day. , y Cody set a good, steady pace, and as he reached the noon camp ordered half a dozen of his scouts’ to be ready to strike out, when' they resumed their march, upon separate trails; for Lieutenant Sea foiat-had decided.to send warnings to the mining-camps, the settlements, and along the line of the stage trails, as they would thus be put5'upon their guard a day sooner from that point than they could possibly be should lie await to reach the post. - 