________________________ A MINIATURE NEWSPAPER PUB- LISHED IN THE INTEREST OF WALLAROO. LEADING ARTICLE.—To put ourselves on even and friendly terms with the in- habitants of Smoky Hollow we must pre- face oar remarks by admitting that an overabundance of intelligence is not a form of disease that we suffer from. To appreciate intelligence it requires some little proportion of tbat commodity to start out with, but being sadly deficient we felt quite at home in addressing a com- munity about up to our own moral stan- dard. Now tbat we understand eacb other let tbe pnblication of our paper proceed. SHIPPING.—Arrival—"The Banshee," with a consignment of H's for the Coun- cillors of the Wallaroo Corporation and 160 cases of capital I's for His Worship the Mayor. DEPARTURE — The S.S. Hero, with an alleged box of common sense, con- signed to the editor of the Tiskers Times. BIRTHS, MARRIAGES, AND DEATHS.— Birth—At tbe Council Chambers, on Wed- nesday last, the Wallaroo Corporation, of a new idea, prematurely. Marriage - The Pooh Bah of Bagot street, fourth son of the Laird of Cockpen and the Veterinary Surgeon of Owen- terree were united in holy wedlock by his reverence tbe Parish builder. The bride looked charming and was attired in a neat smock frock, which was tastefully decorated with plea's of tripe and rows of sausages; tbe Pooh Bah had bis face nicely polished with monkey soap for the occasion. The honeymoon will probably be spent in tbe Wallaroo gaol, where furnished apartments have been engaged. Death — After a short attack of covvul- sions on looking at its parents, the New Idea, the only beloved offspring of the Wallaroo Corporation, gave np tbe ghost. The good die young R.I.P. CABLEGRAMS.—London, midnight. Her Majesty bas been pleased to confer the title of Lord He-didit on His Worship the Mayor, in recognition of his efforts to become a member of Parliament. It is reported that several other Councillors will receive very high honours and will probably, unless tbey amend their ways be elevated to tbe scaffold. SALES —For sale a brand new bicycle track duly opened and christened by the Mayor on a triplet. As the people of Wallaroo have absolutely no use for tbis track, no reasonable offer will be refused. The purchaser will be allotted a wing in the Hospital to shelter those using tbe track and special reduced terms can be arranged with Mr Seeley to do the need- ful for those succumbing to the ordeal of racing on it. The track was only used once for a bicycle steeplechase race and proved admirably adapted for that pur- pose. SUGGESTIONS addressed to tbe Mayor are invited as to what is to be done with the Wallaroo Rotunda when erected. The suggestions mUst not be original, but tbe people of Wallaroo reserve all rigbt to throw bricks at the Wallaroo discord quartet if found using it. EMPLOYMENT WANTED.—Twenty young ladies, now temporarily employed making smoking caps and fancy work to cover the Rotunda, desire engagement. A great reduction in price will be made to the successful applicant engaging tbe lot. WANTED TO BUY.—Good second hand baths and a quantity of mud scrapers to enable the people of Kadina and Walla— roo to take tbeir annual wash. Soap will not be needed. Apply to Councillor Cbatfield at tbe old jetty before six o'clock any Sunday morning. WANTED.—A.n ornamental Town Hall two storeys high wiith ante-rooms and large Council Cnamber and a free circulating library all combined. Apply immediately to Councillor Richardson. Tenderers must be prepared to have tbe new hall erected and placed in Bagot-street before tbe Mayor's rotunda is completed. No tender necessarily accepted. Printed and published by tbe guardians of tbe people at tbe Tickers Times Office, Wallaroo, to whom all communications should be addressed. 