ABE THERE GHOSTS? Since it is not only possible tb at persons can return* from another world,',, but that there /"are well authenticated accounts of persons who have, done so, must' we, then, believe all the current stories about spirits and ghosts? By no means, for there is not one of them out of a thousand worthy of the least credence, or could stand the test of examination. They all, in almost every'case, can be explained- in a' natural. way, even, those of the reality of which there appears to be little doubt. J?ear and an excited 'imagination will conjure up imaginary apparitions and spectres. So : will a gloomy and melancholy temperament. ' "When the Puritans, of whom gloom and; melancholy, were the. '.characteristic'; qualities, became the ; dominant, power:- in England in 16Í9, we read that there was a wide- spread fear ofghosts never , known .before ,ia,; the: land.. Remorse of conscience, - for great _ and unnatural : crimes will, 'too, bring up unreal spectres, threatening' punishment or vengeance.- .'The real' ghosts then, in the past, beyond what ; a deluded imagination painted, have, been few and far between, and they promise to- bo so in the future. Nor is it necessary that there should be many ghosts, since we have " Moses and the ^prophets " to direct and warn us, and do not need the spirit of a Lazarus to come frbm:the ". bosom of Abraham "' to do so.- If, however, a genuine ghost Bhould- appear to. any of us, which, after all, is possible to ask, perhaps, the assistance of our prayers, or otherwise to warn us, we need not feel the least alarm, particularly BO if our conscience be at peace with, God, for no ghost, no spirit, no apparition, not even a fancy, can do us any. harm or injury unless by God's permission* Catholic Sevicia. THE FHONOOBAPH IN THE Couloir, CHAM MB,-Weare informad by a foreign imper that the French town of Efcompos hoB ntroduoed an interesting novelty by replac- ing tho recording secretory of the municipal coanoil with a phonograph. Borne of the members of tho counoil objeoted to the innovation on aooonnt isf the too great faithfulness of the apparatus in reproducing defectivo pronunciations and errors of apoeoh, bub the majority was in favour of making atrial,' One good result may be to stimulate the members to polish up their pronunciation and attend to their grammar moro than heretofore. 