ANOTHER CITYLANDMABK G0LNG. TiKTERESTCS'G VOTES. I By Ax Old Idestitt.J Australra is too new % land in tome respect* to have nuns haunted by weird memories or stalked through by ghosts— to have keep*, castles, abbeys, or fortresses musty with use tnd hoary with age ; crumbling walls covered ivith ivy, mosses, and lichens, dark and mottled by centuries of storm. She has nu frowning bnttlcnusnU by moat protected, the scenes ages ago of deeds of daring or romance. Vet in even such a city as this Adelaide of ran there ai-e ruthlessly demoliebod now and igain what wo call old buildiugt, whuro joings-on of auotber and calmer eort laid tho ouadations .of careers of fatno or fortune or ioth. Such a pile is beiug razed to tho ground in tlie main thoroughfare to-day— a building whvreia mon now piominent in Senates, Courts, and Convuutiona wcro trained ; aud, strangely enough, the adjatoeut northerly block had :i similar history. Silt RICIIAltll HANSON. The present handsome promises of the Bank of Adoiaide were, reared un the site— among other oocupaufics— ot the consulting and prac tising otiicos nf tbe old legal firm of liansou aud Hicks, tits co-partnorship vhicb bad as its leader tlio inassivo intellect of tbe after wards Chiof nlu&ticc; liaubou. the immediato prcdecensor of the present occupant of that high positiou. The writer oft waadered through the fusty, dusty apartment*, littered and lumbered as he considered then with tons of tomes and documents which had produced to the weary waiters upon law's delays smiles or team, chuckles or sighs, but certainly costs, which are as auro as death and tbo tax-gatherer. In proosrs of time the genius of a Hanson ahono not merely at tbe Bar, but illuminated the Legiilttiva Chambers, radiated from tho Ministerial seats, and then in full-orbed effulgence- blazed from the judicial Bench, whilo, pcrhao* fitfully and uncertainly, it lightened our literature. 'TIIK HONEST LAWYKB.' Alongside tho professional dwelling of SiV Richard Da- ios Hanson there waa southward in King William-street— but in a few daya ivi/i1 not be — a white plaster-fronted rambling icritu of rooms, craunics, nooks, cupboards, .nd \somo almost catacombs, from a portion of who* 0 recesses came forth into tbe light of a prosp crous sunshine Mr. Atkiasou,aWealeyan tolioit or, frequontlystylcd 'the honest lawyer,' a tit.li* which always recall, tbo «tory of tbo American man of briou who directed thao 'Unly this and uothing more' sbould bo graven 0 u his tomb, for cvorybody would at once rc]k :at bis uamo by sayiug, ' Oh J that is Strange.1 ' Mr. Alfred Atkinson, a* rutoem boiod, was tall, thin, clad iu twood ve_t and uother gu 1 moats htrapped. with frock coat aud tall ha t, aud a walk and manner noniuwhas liko, in Bta.:cato gait, that of tbo lato Sir John Morpbett. His practice was largely a family, estate, aud r-onsultmg businc** rather than a litigiou' connection. Wbu ho went up to wiusro proctor« aud practitioners aro uot nooded, his vacated ruouis were liefer* long tenanted by .Mcssr*. Way &. Brook, next Way A^ Syinon, ucxt Symon atxl Bakowell; aud alt it that w«ro devoted, hku otbor pwU of tho touonieiiK to lower purpoww, Iwcomint' uiorely tlio temporary rooaliug-placiio of land agouti), architects, colludon!, auctioneers, dontists, bairdraMcrk, and othor minor folk who ' do not count fop much,' whou not jxilitieians. TIIC I'lUTMIEU. I.ast week tliis scribbler took a man who had no faucy or imagination — no poetry or romance in bis t-oul ur bpirit — over tbo ct*t« while but now vanit-!iing homo of prucedcnU, legal uiaMiuit, aud proocduie. But U10 story that down thono back slops iu that xnurky cell the to-day l'rutnier of Njuth Australia, th« Right Hon. C. V. Kindlon. l'.C.. Q.C., M.l'., D.C.L., iVc, &c;, aiK'Ut laborious cJa-4 aud nights as couveyanciug clerk to Mei»r*. Wuy k. Brook produced no suium* of auo or wonder, if bo bad U«n told tltatbucopijer-plato writiuz, like that of oliiora, was tin dear ana lovely thsu as now, no word would Lavo coino from him. thougli 'i:urM-ry'f ruiuarkt often proceed fmui -t.r-.ly vexwl vow\\*r-ilori and other loiig-.tutli.-rnig and lillii.-aijpreciau.'d loilcrx. Whether tlw -l«igp'd dctcnuiualiou, thti ^tublKirii iier-sistciicv, the houiutiinu. don t-caro-a-rap-for-aiiybody-bul-inyi»elfoduo»tu jartly eliaraeteri/.nit'.Mr. Kiugstou's jwlitical carver aiiiuu --au bo truct-J to the ear.'y iiHIu ctice;. of I hat crun, Wo*'. crabbed, coufiiivd liol.t iiutwouii Lriuk:-, i» an occult enquiry. iJoubtleaK ho then bad no prophetic gliuiuior of West Adulaido faitliiulne.ss, of a linu of titular distinction!-, of Hospital tecreU, ue of masterly tuanagemcut ot wooden majori ties. lilt. SVMD.V A.\'l» TIIK MIIEP M'sfTUX. Notbuttor hoascd whuu lie catuu liero front theSouth-Ka^tfru district, after uuuJiing lii« articlct tben\ was Mr. J. IL Syinon. In ihoso loug-a^o days 1 saw much oi him al lot years a client of the linn, ns a 1'ressiDau— so atx|u»uitanie, ay, even a (riond-audl 'ioind a*, though it were yubterday' bis fcliciUiitig hiin.self upon getting intu au ollioo with ho lurgo and vi«rie-t - clumtolu. aud so bii; a» liti gions conuectioii. Th') couctrn was indued favoured al the tiiuo in having 1L0 ablo «er« vires of Mr. Kiiig»ton larguly iu its real* estate lirancn, with hit gnat j;r_*p of svory tlittiL' iicrtainiue tliurutu, and his tvido a(quaintatii:o witli nthur uansaclioou; wiiilo Mr. Syumn by careful, plodding, bard work, which lias cv« r »iin-e murked and i/wen a si.fret of his briHiant cantjr, laid tb-- early toutHos for the splendid professjunal ktructuru wbiL-h lie lias smco reared. Thu jibcnoinenal bucT'ii.. of cno Mt 'f otlicci* irom which tamo ihu i'liii-f .luhli'v, the Premier, and the l«a-i-r of the ftmth Australian, if not Au-tralaxian Bar, dewrvei ^ol:lo tccignitiou. N° ««»-» would \m 1.10m ready than tbo RipbtHon. Chief Jutticc Way ik»w a-i over to aver tliai a great factor in the making of tbe tirm was tbo masterly work of Mr. Hrook— atjuiet, pew vering lalw.ircr of rare talents, undoing in«]«-lry. an-l marv«jiloui resources, » greas reatler. a profound thinker, aud wen a bril liant gctiiuH, whiii! a found lawyrr— not an anticlimax. As for tho then bead of tSio bonto who-.o maturiai ?holtor or sbdl is goiu^ and nearly K^i-'\ what should bo said; 1 1 wouH nr--ii alin'jbt his own incouiparaWlu (tower of lialati' ing hcn:on-.«s deftly rounding pvri««K an«i gracefully and Uulicatcl}- witJi t-uhurvd fin--oos.- liiiitnug tho verbal picturr, to ttdcnuaUil) represent thu mafjiL liko career of in many if.|-«*:t.s tlm grvalent «/f tLo- wb.i occupifi Ui— -o It^.ti dciiH. Bu*. am nut hm iLU Mid wurds crobtilmed iu liiueliooki. written on foundation ^touc-*. moulding the liven of I'mversity niun, tcixirilfl iu tb« J'ri-?.*-, rntrn^e'l in parchiuont*. rucogniacd in .-baritaLle, |»b»laiitbro|.ie, roligiou*. irUxtic. HfriLultural. llt- ncultural. and Ma»onic result* : *!nl. . if it bu truu tint no uttvrod word m L'vor l'-*t. his loclura-s address. »peecbfs ironversatiou*. »ud even ouiuion*. judginc-ut-, m.d tout. n---- 11111M to .Jdyjug to tlio Liter mjiws aud rims of »?)-»«« and wund, lainchng. |*rh»p5. with lhc iuutia .f the »l-Lert«. Tin: oi.ti oiirir.i: rA-ors. Le: mo adJ that deeply indocJ was this if,po:ieni iudubtod to the chief and otli- r Jotmvns in tbe old times of tbcsn »aai»l.it.s ebam'-vrit for counsel aud aid, aud it ha* betn 1 pleasure to retail facU and fanei*. (bat cluster al«-ut the d. wolibhod pJe. Souu tl.-» iceno will )-« a buiy on«-, for a kandoouta ?trucluro with ino-Jorn id«aa finding oxpro» »ion in jrranito and oth»^ »ul»d inalonaU will take tlif plac; of tbe old bnrk and hmettona places which, notwithstanding tSwir tra liitionarv important, navo lxtcnlatf.rlyc.llei ' rookeries 