rUBLISHED :.BX SPECIAL AEEANQEMENT. '=!. fjl/IIDSHIPMAN'S ROMANCE ■u ' '" -f "Tbo Wreck of tho Groerenor," "The Golden Hope," "The Death Ship,' Proaon Pirate." " An'OceahTragodjr," " A Sea Queen," VMVDiniah ', ' - Brreotheort," "The Good Ship HohooV," "Alone oh » Widv 'i'.--:•'• _ V?id» 8ca," The Teleof the Ten," to., £o. - COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER X. '-The Gbeat Ska Sehpekt. T was instant's shiver into that mighty mirror says : 'The fri KW,th deliSf,t look-round her Ffien.the heavens are bare.' And by ttul- presume be means that in the & &WB;>7pi ot the sa'6l'ite, which /fflrthc blno ether with.silrcr rni'st t£» ^ &mt; out. - The moon thT/ Lh , ■was,as. glorious as any ' that the if f ewr beheld, but certainlv ; p not bare.' ThSs III0™"* *a; those that were clear of the moon-' .tame were radiant: some of them <■„. f9 0f'?* ^ 5SS the yardarms and seemed to see" the |amoad, and the emereld, and the reby jibing perfectly, and ' you thoh-ht ffii-yeC Lfghfr \nd dea^oftho wfto th™etCOr Iieht tbe m«"' IS-*''0 ^oTet°J jh^debk reu^e P n^f ratllncB "I™ paginations as in frames ib° f'"twi efekni-.CibtSts; MkThllT 16tch 1- fw th* Bea has %^ftf^aailtheU *• sleeps! &hft;£htiWas fur3c<3' «»a the'.poon ioefof tL r \lWept wit!l ■ the white »bonshiDe Jtha T°\ed a]mond indha Srs mR&zy;&s; ■Ax^T™ °f the *ceP; for the itongh thetaSV'Z T- lipS i4 with?nPJ h burns at the yard f&rtl; fen aDd «"<% »ne tWowk fo a rUcd ®arint,r has been '^%face' E,fiht of,°;l'alo un jh'a Wa^ d,!(i my thoughts Poop lSr f, ' th« head, of the ithp sea'and or"fthf * d?W- eyo upon I rpoopl I ,];,5 ! , people upon the iarher. I "0'i"£ Be'le' nor ^I tight tin' „,;j -"v!0 ho on deck from I :;£r«t watch nn,l8T Wh,ioh " oo"cd the ^_ watch, and 1 wondered if I should j have an opportunity to enjoy a sweet, SMret conversation with the pet o£ iny heart, do wn'insome shadow painted by a sail, when -Captain Bowser had pone below for, a', glass of grog, and when Mr,}Knch had'-stfoila4 ait, as his habit was when; ;thh- skipper, left the deck. The.glory of tho moon lay in;.a.great 'stroke of lighthpoii theisea, and whilst I'was admiring this beautiful picture of the ocean,- full of 'slumber and tho peace which; passes'all understanding—for the like of it is not, to he felt ashore, no, not in the stillest night, and in the deepest heart.of country—I suddenly noticed a black shadow moving across the "breathless wake of the luminary. I thought at first it was a boat; hut it continued to measure the span of that bed of splendid light, and as no boat could have done'anything of the sort, I was greatly startled, and stared amain. For could it be—— A loud voice rang through the ship from the forca'stle, •: ' There's something a-swiraming across the light of the.moon in the; water.' • ' • r- .. r ' Then in a hreath you heard all sorts] of cries. " ' Good gracious! I sec it 1' ~ I What on earth can it bo, captain ?' Ph, Qaptnin jlicpper,; quick with that binocular gloss, if you please.' The whole poopful camo.to the rail close beside where I. was stunding. ' I have lived.-to see it at last!' said I Mr. Cox. ' What.is it ?'. asked the hot-tcmpcrcd Mr. Johnson. ' What is it?' cried Cox, with con tempt. 1 Shall I call it a moving hog? What is it, hut the great sea serpent!' The black length of it was stemming out of the wake of the,moon, and when it was clear of the icy edge of the stroke of glory in the sea, it was as visible as .before, and we traced it in its length of dye upon tho ashen surface. ■ ' It. shows a head as big as a cask,' I said Mr. Pioch, who was working away through a telescope. ' I am now going to believe in the sea serpent.' 'That's no sea serpent,' said Mr. j Goring contemptuously. 1 You'll find it is a line of trees in the grip of h current, and what Mr. Finch takes.to he a head is nothing but a trunk.' Nobody laughed at this joke. Ho was an. unreasonable little map, always thrusting in without regard to time, tunc, or keeping, and ho was irritating because he very often said what was true. . ' Whet are you all looking at ?'here burst in Mis. Trevor. ' At the great sea snake, the wonder of the world,'.cried Captain Lepper. ' Where — whore ? Point — point, that I may see it,' she' squealed. ' Is it approached tho ship, captain Arc wo in danger?' v _ _ II believe Mr. Goring is right. • There will be no need, Mr. Pinch, to log it,' said Captain Bowser. 'Wo strained our oyes; hut the shadowy object was fast dissolving in tho darkness that, deepened upon the sea the further the wator swept away from tho column of moonlight. Old Bowser, afraid perhaps of Mrs."Trevor, went aft. Pinch and tho rest stood staring and arguing. . ' Do you mean to tell .me,' said the mate, ' that any surface .current which does not cause a. ripple, in the surface there, is going to cany that thing, out of sight .at that rate. if . it were dead tr663 ' .'Xes;' said Mr!;,. Goring, with an ag gravating simper which the moon fully exposed.' 1A three-knot current would do it.'. ' • \- ' You'd-sce, the streak-; of the stream in the reflection of .the .moon. Didn't you hear the - man toll you-that?' ex? claimed Mrs. Trevor. ' I'vo lived eighty-five years without a Bca 'serpent, and I'm-not to be imposed on now,' and she screeched a few notes of laughter, and shook her head at us. ■ Pinch crossed the deck, and now Belle came , out of the cabin, and seeing a crowd, approached us. "1 • I told her what wo had seen, and what we were still trying to see, and she slipped her hand "into mine and laughed at me. . - ' You may believe in ghosts, hut not in the sea serpent, Walter,' said she. ' Everybody on deck saw it: it was a long black line, with a head like a cask; it rapidly crossed the light of the moon, and was therefore in motion, Bollo.'.., 'No, ho,' said she, laughing, .'do not believe in - such things,' or in the mermaid.' ' Meanwhile a group of passengers hard by wore arguing hotly on the same subject. ' Book down there,' said I to. Belle, pointing over tho side. 'What is the depth of the water here ? Something beyond, imagination.. If the . grave keeps its secrets, don't you think that the ocean does ? There is a life at the bottom of the sea, which never will he discovered by man, creatures as fright ful and huge as the monsters which arc conjectured into terrifying pictures of nature ■ in pre-Adamite times, by naturalists out of a single mammoth bone. I am not going to say that what we saw was the sea serpent, hut, de pend upon it, something answering to whatdnndsmen consider a myth has had and still has being, and I hope the day may come when the land-lubbers, gazin'g at the mighty skin which should measure the altitiido of St. Paul's Cathedral, will confess,-no matter how reluctantly, Belle, that the sailors aren't such blooming liars after nil.' ' Snakes -big or little are not good enough to talk'about,' said Belle. ' What a heavenly night! We are not moving. I expect our voyage will he a long one.' 1 noticed-whilst she spoke she con stantly sent her gaze in the direction of Captain Bpwser, who -was walking a little space of the poop alone. Her face was as fair as ivory, in the moon; so clear was the light, I could mark each play of expression in her mouth, and her eyes, each with a diamond of moonlight in their violet depths, spoke to me, and caressed me,' and looked love. Hover deeper is the magic of a woman's eyes than in moonlight. ' Mr. Longmore,' called Mr. Pinch from the other side of tho deck. v I instantly went to him, hut Belle accompanied me, and before he could speak she exclaimed: ' I know what you want; you desire to break up our happy little conversation on a beautiful night. It is ridiculous, Mr. Pinch, that the officers of a ship should not enjoy the privileges of passengers. What do you want him for ? There is nothing to j do, there is no need to turn the yards or brace them about; as you call it. There is no air.' j 'I wish there was,' said Mr. Pinch, in a voice of lazy astonishment, survey ing her as though at a loss. ' It is Mr. tongmoro's watch on deck. How is the duty of a ship to be carried on if young ladies accompany those who are called, aud prohibit them from receiving instructions?' ' ■ - .'What instructions can you give on so heavenly a night? shccried. I 11 presume, such trifling mattors as the side lights and the binnacle lamps are of no importance,' said tho mate, folding his arms,. whilst I, inwardly shaking with laughter, dreaded some violent and dangerous expression of my mirth ovory minnte. ' You should save your oil when you have such a lovely moon to light you by,' said Belle. ' And now,' she added, vory coolly, ' you must really dispense with Mr. longmore's services for a time, as we are going aft to converse with the captain whilst he is alone. Come-along, Walter.' . She held me by the hand. Tho start I gavo could not have escaped Mr. Pinch. " ' What do yon want to say to the captain,. Belle?'I asked. " . • • '.It must he settled,-and it shnll.be. settled,! she .answered,, in a tone of decision, ' 'It is too bad, Mr. Pinoh, , knowing as you do .that "Walter and I l are engaged to be., married,- and will be married after our arrival in Sydney, j that yon novcr. should: lose an oppor •tunity.to, intrude upon bur'convorsation when He is keeping his watch on deck.' ' If that's what you're going to growl about , to the captain, Miss Stuart,' answered the mate, with -a surly laugh, 'I shall be glad to hear what his answer is.' ' All this is very irregular, Belie really, my: dearest,' I stuttered, for I could see that Pinch, was beginning to lose his tenipcri Ho did not like me to stand bj and hear Miss Stuart talking to him with;. n frankness he would,not understand} on the other hand, she was a passenger, and he must be civil,- and very careful in the management of his courtesies, not to her Only, but to them all, because it was not'a tradition, it was a fact, that a. single complaint lodged against a mate by a passenger sufficed to ruin him professionally. ... . ' ' Come along, "Walter,' said Belle. ' Go with her, sir,'exclaimed the mate. "We were on the side, of the deck which was occupied by the captain. It was sacred ground to such as' I. Sailors will appreciate the feelings with which I. advanced along those moon whitened planks, hand in" hand with Belle. She had a very conquering spirit, however, and only laughed and said 1 Come on, dear,' when I begged her to tell me what she was going to say to the captain. He had seen us talking to the mate, and he perceived ns coming, but feigned-to observe the sea. ..His.right hand grasped .the vang that steadied the spanker-gaff, and nobody was within earshot save the man at the wheel. ' • ■'Captain Bowser,'said Belle. He pretended to start, and'answered quickly, '"What is it, 'Miss Stuart? Why have you come aft here, sir?' . - ' You are alone, but you seldom arc,', said Belle. ' It is almost impossible to get a word with you,-what with Mrs. Trevor and the others.'. 'Yes, that, is all right,' answered Captain Bowser, 'but what does the third mate want aft here?' ' He is my companion, and something more, -and I ■ have asbed-him to escort me aft,' exclaimed Belle, drawing her self erect. ' You do know by this time that Mr.-Iongmore and I are engaged to be married.' .. ■■'"Well, but .that must not interfere with the third" mate's duties and the ship's discipline,' answered the captain. ' It will not, sir,' I said warmly. ; ' You are not here to speak but to listen,' said Belle. ' I want you, Captain Bowser, to recognise our engagement, so that the rest of the passengers may he made to understand it; and then if it shonld happen that I am talking to Mr. Longmorc in his watch on deck, Mr. Pinch may think proper not to intrude by needless calls and' orders, invented merely to separate ns.' I could see that the captain had a hard job to keep his face, amlwouldhavr laughed out had he been alone with her. ' You will please consider, Miss Stuart,' said he, 'that as regards my sanctioning your engagement, as you put it, you were consigned to me for safe keeping, and it's my duty to deliver tou ' (and now he began to-smile) ' to the consignee in good order, full weight, and so forth. It's not for me. to sanction your engagement. Stop till you arrive at Sydney, and introduce the gentleman to Mis. Riley.' j 'Your sanction is necessary,'- said Belle, laying her hand upon his arm, with a most irresistible gesture,"' be cause if it is.nnderstoodthat you know we are going to be married, we shall not be interfered with in Mr. Longmore's watch on deck ; unless, of course, some thing urgent calls him to help. aloft or elsewhere.' The captain suddenly turned upon me, who stood like a tall fool in the most absurd position the dear girl could have placed me in.. 'Were you engaged to this young lady before you'came on board?' ho asked, not choosing to remember anything I might have told him or he might have heard from Belle. ^ . > No, sir.'; . ,' You have fallen in. love and,pro posed to her since you have been in this ship.' . i . .. . .. . ' We were playmates as little children,' I.exclaimed. .' Now, Walter,' ^ said Belle, ;CI have exactly told.- Captain Bowser all about the apparition in the pond, and how you knew me from the likeness -of my phintoni.' '.But lie has no more senta ment^-evenl- on snoh a'-heavenly mght as this! Captain Bowser,- yoti have no moTc sentiment then & turtle*1. ' My husiness is not sentiment, hut to see yon safe in the hands of yonf aunt; and I wish yon were there,'said the j captain, with whom this conversation was beginning to disagree._ In feet, Belle's sweetness was generating acidity in him. I felt that enough had been, think it is veiy likely,' said Belle, , ' that Iti. XongmorD will leave the ship at Sydney.' . •' • • 'Ob, indeed!' said_Captain Bowser, \- dully staring through the moonlight "at the sea. _ ' ' . ■ ... I < Therefore,' she continued, :f what .is . -the good of his working and keeping - watch during the few-weeks which I remain? I do not think this ship, or any ship, requires a third mate. A. first I and second are quite enough. If tho ! seconds were all like Mr. Curling they would be too much. Ton havobutto 'say the word, Captain. Bowser,' said she, adopting a sweet, caressing voice, 'and "Mr. Longmore becomes* paseen j ^^Yea", it would he very nice, wouldn't ' it ?' responded Bowser, with forecastle sarcasm. ' "We don't do business in that sort of way in deep water, Miss Stnart. Passengers pay. Sailors are paid, ana must work ' he was proceeding. , Sho interrupted him scornfully. _ . ! Sailors are paid!' she. cned. iio gets a pound a month—twelve ppupdB a year. I wish the owner of this ship • could He forced to live upon it.'_ i ' Pray, Miss Stuart,' said Bowser, ^ swelling his. waistcoat and speaking sternly, 'what is the object of this conversation? "What do you wantr "' I want you to sanction our engage ment,'Bhe answered. ' . "'it is no business of mine,' he ex- . claimed, frowning at me. 'My duty 13 . to hand vou in safety to your aunt. , ' 1 want you to release this gentleman, from.his work,' said Belle.' ' He's cer tain to leave the ship at Sydney, and it would he tyrannical to keep him at hart labour after you know that he intends to give up .the sea.' ' Is that your intention, sir ?' Bowser asked me. lib young sailor, who was an officer too, was ever placed in a more ludicrous, bewildering situation than this. The master of a ship is an autocrat; you must not" approach the deck he walks an; His powers are enormous, and he can lead vou the life of . a devil in a worse hoi! even than Satan s, if he once starts to ' ride you down' as they call it. My instincts were essentially duti ful. I quite understood the difference between a captain and a third mate, and wondered that he should conbnno the conversation. , , \- Perhaps he was more good-natured than I imagined. Yet Belle ru ber free discourse with the skipper might easily fill the rest of the voyage with serious difficulties for me. l<or could I understand her object in taking Bowser into her confidence; hut I must stand bv her, let the issue he what it might. "' If you will giy« me .my discharge, sir, I shall leave the ship,' 1 said in replv to his question.' . . 'I don't think yon will, then, raid he with a short troubled laugh .that betokened mischief. ' You can go forward, sir. And I must really ask vou. Miss Stuart, not to interfere with the officers of this.sliip whilst they ara executing their duty iu.their watch on ^It was a direct order to mo, and off I-; went Had I faltered he could have clapped mc in irons for insubordination. !But in any case further conversation would have been impossible; the passengers had grown weary. over areuing about the sea serpent, and were spreading about the deck, and Mrs. - Trevor and one or two others were making for the captain, when I crossed to the port side and went -along to the head of tiie poop ladder. It was still as bright as daylight The atmosphere was showering with light, i and a wide piece of ocean was a bed of snatHinc splendour. ' '... Youdk Bovton seeing mc standing ! alone'came along. It was a surpnmng | contrast of cSects to see his figure fayrt - I with silver and his shadow movmgwith ! him like liquid;ebony. He wanted to talk with me. about the sea serpent, - and I should have been glad to discuss . the subject with him, for here was a neiishipman mating his first voyage, . and.beforo he had crossed the line he had seen the sea serpent This eiperi cnce.'alone was worth more than". the premium his father' had paid; jBi't I was Ib-bo mood to'talk with .him/ . The ^ little beggar's _eyesv glistened'' brightly : aad yearningly, but finding me silent, : he'joined the other midshipmen on the "qnarter-deck. ...■ , I saw Belle standing alone near one of the starboard quarter boats. Tho . passengers were gathered about', the " captain, and two or three mooned 'niui lessly about the decks. The spirit,of ' the night seemed to'lio like a bencdic tiori upon these people, and ; even Mrs. Trevor's voice was subdued. , At long intervals you would hear the noise of some pinion of canvas languidly stirring high aloft; it would fall to the/deck in a note of a sigh, and a sob of water would answer it alongside. All:was glory, beauty, freshness, and ..the; pre sence of God.. . > = A little while before the bellsum : moned tho passengers to their grog and biscuit, Belle came walking .slowly forward. I earnestly hoped that 6hc did not mean to come round the sky Hght and join me. Pinch • was on the starboard side of the deck; leaning against the rail with his 'arms folded, and staring straight up into the sky as though ho saw something falling. Hello stopped when she was at his side, and began to talk to him. -I could not catch a word. Sometimes a '.rumble, of good-natured laughter broke in from vthe mate. Then I heard him'say, 'Oh yes! oh yos! I don't 'think the -rcaptain would very much object, "but mind you don't let him catch you, or you'll plunge that sweetheart of; yours into a mess.' ' . Presently nearly . everybody went down to get some refreshment - and drink, amongst them the captain. Belle stayed. Mr. Pinch walked" right aft, . and occupied the captain's post of .honour. The moment old Bowser van ished Belle came gliding oloso to my side'. ' ' Mr. Pinch will not pay any heed to ;ns talking, "Walterj' said she. . .' 7 tl heard him say so,' I answered. : 'Ho is rather hotter natured than the .captain,', she said. . ' This proves what perseverance may do. ■ Could you have believed that Mr. Pinch .would give us ; leave to talk in your watch on deck 2'; •; : 'It is wonderful!' said I, smiling at her fair, sweet face, and thinking, of the phantom countenance I had seen crowning tho visionary figure of the fountain pedestal, and I also thought to myself this charming . girl ; scarcely ; knows that her perseverance, may end in causing the captain to break nie, and : send me to live forward. " : . ..'Tho instant the captain appears,' said she, 'I shall-fly down this ladder.', .'.Whet mado you take me to him,: Belle?' V " . >. 'I want him to'make you a passen ger." ' It is impossible. I doubt if he would, ■vl answered, ' even if I paid—hut I can't • rpajv and so there's an end.' K,. I I thought you said that the powers ] . of the captain of a. ship wore enormous, j and absolute.' ' So they are.' " . ' Well, let him make yon a passenger '-■then,'" " : ' -■ 'Ay, but be won't, you see, Belle, .and remember that he's answerable to his owners.' ; 'Oh, don't let us thinkofhisowners,' she exclaimed. ' I am determined to try, at all events, to make a cuddy passenger of you. Why should yon go • on living in a wretchod den downstairs ? ;Jam certain that the captain is tobeper ' * into allowing you to live in the 'saloon.' -I shook my head gloomily,' for natur <%, the brighter the picture,, the gloomier would be the shake I made at it. . 'Wo conld then be always together,' , she continued; and nothing' prevented me from kissing her tlicu but the ' presence of three young midshipmen, Who were watching us at a little dis tance. 'We could sit Fide by side at , table. How fast and pleasuutly tho days would pass. I should not waut 'bem to. end top soon,' she exclaimed -smiling at mo. 'No more degrading ' -**tohsa on deck, or watches below, end wagging sails up on poles, and binding ' -"itm with pieces of cord into umbrellas. ,■ lonmust not forget, "Walter, that you '.«ve given up the ' 'Imust find a berth in Sydney,* said X. I «Don't trouble about that,' she ex claimed. . • • i . ' I ^e you yery mueh, Belle, too much to ^ed;you tapoverty. ."-The sea is ray carcer/andf I> have very*: little to expect from iny, parents.' *. . .V - . You . will bccoriie a passenger,' she said, laughing,.' In fact,' she understood me. / She saw that. I .was^nervous and embarrassed through having been brought into cons tact with the captninl, ' ~ ' 1 ^ think,' I said,' X had better remain third mate until wegct to Sydney.' Oh, no*' she exclaimed, with a toncli of' petulance, ' it is ■ to be done, ;-and therefore, it shall he done. I'll take old Mrs. Trevor into my confidence. I am sure she will understand our case, arid pity,us. I wish she wasn't.so deaf; but I'll talk to her in her cabin, with the door:shut; and perhaps tho ship may be groaning, and then we shan't be overheard.' ■ '• • 1 If you set' old Hit. Trevor at1 the captain, Belle,' said I—but . as I pro nounced t he words, his jolly round face; pale in the moonshine, rose in.the com panion hatch.-7-■'* ' Iho captain, Belle 1'-1 whispered, and sho whisked like a'inioufe'dowri the poop-ladder, on to the quarter-deck, arid entered the cuddy by the door there. Hush! IVhat was that? It was startling,- though no more than the sadden rude awakening of tho ocean from its trance, by an invisible heave ol silver'swell, wbich'took the sails of the sleeping ship, and brought them roaring liken-park of artillery to.the masts. Another and ariothcr, and another! A steward coming out of the cuddy with a - trayful of glasses, . fell into tho scuppers, and cursed and swore. A cock began to crow, and then a second. In the far north- west, towards which tho silver ball of moon was making, the shadow.of wind was visible, and out of itasit carno rolled a swell of the sea. The breeze smote us in a flash of moon light and damp night wind of squall like weight. The ship filled . fair with a whirl of her spokes, and then followed the cries of the captain and the officer of the watcli. Tho yards wore braced up a little, for the skipper clung to his westing. , The sea showed like gray smoke, with the .broken strokes of the mopri in it and'the spud .coming up fast oyer her, with a plentiful noise about the deck.of bawling men. -. - •' A small pull .to windward!' ; „ ' IVell all!' and the leaning ship snared aslant through the night, .taking the swell as a horse takes a hurdle, and. the foairi of the sea rushed front her in a glorious trouble and' tremble of foam and fire. r:.-'. ,i\ I;' ■ 'Clew up the mizzenroyal and'furl it! Clew up tbaforeroyai and furl it, Mi Pinch'' ,V .'Sir.' ... ' Oet yonr malnrovnl furled, and your flying jib hauled down, and then let the watcli haul the mainsail up and furl it.' ;• ! - -V-./' : ■ '".' Ay, ay, sir.' '.' v These were ordors to keep us skip ping, hut they also signified an increas ing weight of wind. The swell- was the precursor of weather, and, by. mid night it was blowing fresh,'the scene of beauty gone, , rags, shreds," and tatters' of cloud thickening with the night oyer our mastheads, arid X did not get below until two bells, because when midnight had been sounded, all hands were kept on duck to reef "topsails. 