JUDGING from recent developments and appearances, we may with ade quate cause exclaim “The stars in their courses fight for Federation.” The facing-both-ways, Machiavelian tactics of Mr Reid, the New South "Wales Premier, have discredited rather than assisted Mr Want and his ad herents- in South Australia the op position to the hill can only be viewed as nominal; in West Aus tralia Sir John Forrest, in his ad vocacy of the measure, is maintaining Mb good name for honor and loyalty to his professions; Tasmania may also be relied upon to vote up to the hilt for the cause that every friend -and patriot of Australian nationality have so deeply at heart. In Victoria, also, the feeble, ineffectual hostility mani fested is beginning to flicker like a taper before extinction. Nevertheless, Federalists must not be over- sanguine of success nor be less watchfull of the movements of their adversaries. . Fri day next the lot will be drawn. Be tween this and that day the necessity for increased vigilance and activity becomes more imperative than ever, as the apathy and indifference shown by the enemy may be assumed. Possibly it was a coincidence, hut it is not the less curious, that yesterday’s papers record Mr Higgins’ re-appear ance in all his war paint before his constituents at the local theatre, and the Age, after a tantalising silence for many weeks, re-asserted itself, and in a characteristic leading article tried to “damn the bill with faint praise” in its own wriggling, .chamelion.-like, shifting way, as ' if' willing to wound, but yet afraid to strike out manfully. Mr Higgins, however, must be. cre dited with having the courage of his opinions. He feels that he is fighting a losing cause, but he is prepared to die in the breach, sword in hand. He refers in pathetic terms to the treat ment he received from his old friends and associates owing to his opposition to the bill. “Upon Melbourne plat forms,” he observed, “he had been referred to as poor Higgins, and described as a pelican in ; the wilderness; but poor Higgins was no pelican now, as from all parts of the.colony reports were received of a very reassuring character.” Poor Higgins has possibly had his brief marked, and, special pleader that he is, what’s the odds which side wins. Certainly he shows a bold face under, the most depressing influences. The Geelong Advertiser , always straight and fair, states that the theatre where the hon. member addressed his con stituents, was not half filled, although the night was fine and the streets thronged with people. That heshould ex press confidence in the ultimate success of his advocacy is therefore proof of his gratitude for small mercies. It is superfluous to state that Mr Higgins had little to urge beyond what he had previously stated. Avery pertinent question had been put to him by the Advertiser —“ What guarantee have you that if this bill ia laid aside the colonies now insisting upon equal representation in the Senate would agree at a later date to propor tionate representation V’ Mr Higgins said not a word upon the point, although it was the very crux of his argument all through. He directed his remarks principally to show the dangers arising from equality in State representation, ad ducing in support of his contention the great American civil war, a case that has been urged ad nauseum and can have no possible parallel in these colo-- nies. A more wishy-washy, jelly fish inarticulate specimen of political oratory it would be difficult to imagine, and if the member for Geelong has nothing better to offer us the sooner he returns to the cool shade of obscurity the better. The journalistic oracle having broken silence, surely we might have been favored with one of those powerful, even though enigmatic,- utterances which make men’s hearts to quake and set them thinking of the terrors that await disobedience to the gods. But if poor Higgins was flat and flaccid, the journal of which he is the creature and creation—for it was that most miraculous organ that made him a Convention delegate—was infinitely more disappointing. In an atmosphere surcharged with verbal fog and misti ness, it delivered itself with affected judicial calmness and dignity, and made various pronouncements more in sorrow than in anger. It defended Mr M'Lean, but admitted that his figures were only estimates. It deplored the awful consequences of accepting the bill, but yet confessed that “every Liberal will wish to be able "to vote for the Commonwealth, and it will be with the deepest regret at the failure of long cherished hopes, if in spite of himself, he should be compelled to vote against it. His aspirations towards 'nationhood hare a high value, and are not lightly to be set aside; but they need to he justified by appeals to his knowledge of circum stances. - He would be a bold man who would, say that a Customs IJnion of the colonies must not be a great gain to Victoria, or deny that the en suing prosperity would not extend to the men upon the land who have been placed there and maintained there by a Liberal .policy in the very teeth of frantic opposition from the Conserva tives.” It rebukes the party of “ hot haste and headlong assent” to which the Liberals were opposed. The-Liberal Party is a phantom. It is scattered here, there, and every where. Like Sir Boyle Roach’s bird, it is in several places at one and the same time—without actual cohesion, organisation, or purpose. It exists in the imagination of the Age. The rag, tag, and .bob- tail who come forth from their hiding at the voice of the charmer will not be accepted by the in telligent workmen of Victoria as in any way representing their feelings, "their aspirations, and their interests. The frowsy muckrakes, dubbed Yarra bankers, that have been put forward by the Age as constituting the Liberal party, are as worthy of personal regard as the half-fuddled clownß in a masquerade; and if our noble Liberal party have none others to lead the van on the day of the fight, the Federalists may count upon a glorious and decisive victory. There !b a possibility that an appeal will be lodged by the City Counoil againßC the deoißton of the magistrates who on Friday last dismissed the charge pmferred against Mr lies, of Sturt street, for offering for nale frnit alleged to be unwholesome. Cr Bell, who yesterday presided at the City Council meet ing in the absence of the mayor, stated that the solicitors for the council were of opinion that the verdict was contrary to the evidence, end that an appeal should be made to the General Sessions. He had in his possession the evidence given in the case, and he thought the councillors eliould consider it carefully, and if they thought it advisable should take farther steps in the matter.- He further pointed out that it was the dtity of the council to protect its officers, otherwise it was useless having them. Cr Brokenshire contended that if their solicitors advised an appeal they shonld accept that advice and act on it. After some diaoussion it was decided to oonvone a special meeting to consider the whole subject for to morrow afternoon at 4 o’clock. It is expected that the offer of a Govern ment bonus of £lOOO for a thoroughly satis factory system of ventilating mines will result in a good number of clever ideas being submitted by inventors and otbera of a scien tific or practioal mind. The time for receiv ing proposals was extended to the end of May, and the Minister expects to have a good deal of difficulty in arranging matters to the satisfaction of all parties concerned. A board, aompnsed of scientific and prac- I tioal experts, will be apnointed to consider | and report upon the different systems sub mitted, and it is oxpectod that this body will insist on making a thorough test of the new inventions in some of those deep mines where the ventilation is attended with no little difficulty. A system of ventila tion that may work well in one mine may not work well in another, so that the question may be said to abnnud iu complications. Samples of air from the deep levels of the New Churn, Railway, and Lazarus mines, Bendigo, with records of temperature, have been taken by Mr Stone, analytical ohomist to (ho Mines Department, in connection with the coming investigations. The result is. to be. ombodied in a report to tbe Minister. A oontraotor who yesterday complained to the City Council that be had been refused a contract because his was the only tender for the work, hinted that in the futnre he would pat in two or three tenders for any work ho wanted, so that the objection that only one contractor had submitted a price would be overcome. The policy suggested did not find favor with the conncillnrs, one of whom re marked that such a trick would be most dis honorable. The oontrsotor realised that he had made a most indiscreet remark, and ap peared to regret that he had spoken so freely. Considerable indignation has been arnnsed at Buninyong by the proposal to remove the mining surveyor’s office from that townahip to Ballarst, and, as reported, in The Star, a deputation was appointed by a public meeting -convened for the purpose to protest against the proposed alteration. At yesterday’s meeting of the Ballarst Mining Board a letter was read from tlio Minos Department, notify ing the intention to make the change, and was oommonted npon very strongly. Ultimately it was resolved, npon the motion nf Mr Moyle, seconded by Mr Hanley—“That tbo board learns with unfeigned surprise and disappointment that, in apparent disregard of its wishes, the Minos Department psrsists in its proposal to transfer the mining surveyor’s offico for the Buninyong division from Buninyong to -Ballarat,’ the reasons given by the department for its pro posed notion being in the highest degree un satisfactory. The department it reminded that the. mining district of Btllnrat was in 1857 subdivided, when six divisions were created, and a mining surveyor and registrar appointed for e«oh division, namely—Messrs Davidson, Cowan, and Fi’zpntriok, for Ballarat proper; Mr O’Malley for the Redan Leads and Southern division; Mr Pringle for the Buninyong division; and Mr Lynch for the Smyhosdnle division. These appointments, were made by the Mining Board in November, 1857, and ratified by the Government in April, 1858. These officers had to koep their offioes open in their re-peotive divisions daring times specified by the bylaws and live in their divisions within a convenient distance of their offioes. This system exists to the presaut day, and still reflects the wishes of the mining community as strongly now as it was in times past, and ahould still be insisted upon in every instance. The board, therefore, fails to see how tbe sur veyor for the Buninyong diviaiou shonld be exempted from the condition to wbioh others have bad to submit - for 40 years; or why, in such a muttor, tbs con venience of officers shonld for a moment be allowed to weigh againßt the all-important wish of the mining public. The board would therefore strongly urge that the proposed action of the department in thie matter be abandoned, as there ia no jaslifioatiun for the change, which, it persisted in, would be a violation of the praociea sanctioned by long visage, and would creata a burning grievance in a district whioh it is believed will soon again baa buay mining centre.” The dark flf the board was instrnoted to forward a copy of this protest to the Mines Department, and the representatives of the Buninyong division, Meesrs Moyle and Hanley, were appointed to aoaompany the deputation from Buninyong to endeavor to alter the decisiou of the depart ment. The City Counoil were yesterday waited upon by Mr Geo. Waller, a contractor, who complained that he bad been unjustly treated in regard to a tender wbioh be had submitted for the formation of Queen Viotoria street. He pointed ont that he bad three times tendered for the work. On two occaeions be waa the only tenderer, and on both occasions bis price was made known throngh the press. On the last ocoaßinn his tender for a portion of the work was the lowest; bat it had been re jected and the contraot given to another firm. Or Bell explained that though the tender accepted was a trifle higher than Waller’s it was for the whole of the works, and the com. mittee reoommendea its acceptance, as they considered it would not be advisable to have two oontrnotors on the same job. Other coun cillors, with the. exception of Cr Elliott, agreod that the recommendation of the com mittee ebonid be adopted, although regret was expressed that the price submitted by Mr Waller on former occasions had been divulged. The French pedestrian, M. Henri Gilbert* who wa», as already reported in The Star, staying at Cr Chori Mars’ Mount Hope hotel recrniting hie health, waa driven book at the instance of Mr Mars to Dunnstown on Friday morning, and' resumed hie jonrney. He walked the nine miles in very good time, and was in Gordon at 2 p.m. again on Friday. He did nut continue bis journey, bat Btayed again at his countryman’s residence until Snnday morning at 8 o’clook, when he started for B*llan en route for Melbourne, which place he expects to reach to-night if all goes well with him. The Birthday meeting of the A.E.C. was continued at Adelaide yesterday. The Birth day Cap—the principal race—was won by Mr J. Bowen’s Thunder Queen by three-quarters of a length. The winner returned the handsome dividend of £2S 17a. The Kens ington Stakes, whioh was won by Tarsne, gave the backers of that horae a divi dend eqnal to 46 to 1. The Norwood Handicap was won by Alveary, the dividend amounting to £9 Is. The Welter Handicap resulted iu a victory for Tapiooa, the rotnrn off the totafi sator being £3 15a. A clause in the finance committee’s report to the City Council yesterday, to the effect that it had been deoided not to prnseed farther with the case against a ratepayer for a breach of tha sanitary regulations, as the evidence waa in sufficient, aroused the indignation of Cr Brokenshire. The councillor said that at the meeting of the committee they were told that their solicitors had advised that it was useless to proceed with tho cobs, but ho bad since been informed by Mr Morrow that be had never given eucb an opinion. Under the circum stances, he thought, the matter should be referred to the solicitors, and if they eaid go on tbeir advice should be taken. Cr Heinz said he was "fail up” of going to court. The council had not won a aase for tha past six months. He moved that the olauea be adopted. Cr Retallack seconded the motion. Cr Morey thought that because the council had failed in the past that was no reason why they should not proceed with a case against a person when it appeared that an offence had been committed. Cr Whykes thought that the initiation of proceedings should not be undertaken by the council until the oouuciilora had been afforded an oppor tunity to thoroughly go into tho matter, with the assistance of the opinion of their solicitors. Cr Brokenshire moved an amendment, ‘‘That the olaase be referred baok to the finance committee.” He oonteoded that the abandon ment of the proceedings against the ratepayer in question waa dne to wire polling, and that if the' man had been a poor person he woald have been prosecuted. Cr Morey strongly protested against such an assertion, and considered that Cr Brokenshire. in making such a statement, lowered himself beneath the j dignity of a mao. Cr Morey waa proceeding 1 to emphasise his indignation, when Cr Beil interposed. The motion was carried, the amendment of Cr Brokenshire not being seconded. A woman who had, what she doubtleaa thought at the time, the good luok to find a valuable geld earring had reason to regret the occasion, as the find yesterday resulted in her being charged at the City Police Cnnrt with the larceny of the article of jewellery. The prosecution, however, were nnable 'to prove that the accused had a guilty knowledge, and the charge was dismissed, the bench holding that if a person find an article and is unaware of the owner's identity, he or she is not obliged to advertise the discovery, nor is the .finder compelled to Bean the onlumos of a newspaper to discover the owner before con verting the article to his or her own use. In oonneotion with this case, a Start street jeweller admitted that he had purchased the earring, which was rained at £5, for 3s 6d. In explanation of tliiß ridiculously low prioo, the jewellar asserted that at the time lie bought tho article he considered the gold setting to be only 9 carat, and the. diamond in it, which was valued at £2. he thought was worthless. The bench subsequently cotnmontod upon the transaction in unflattering terms, and ex pressed (he upitiion that the purchaser had been oulpably negligent when negotiating with the seller of the article. Messrs H. B. Higgins, M.L.A., and J. G. j Barrett will deliver addresses in opposition to the Commonwealth Bill, at tho Trades’ Hall to morrow night. Cr Heinz yesterday mentioned at the City I Council meeting that a number of complaints had recently been made by farmers and others having business at the Haymarket as to the presence of persons of bad ebaraotor, who robbed the drnye in the temporary absenoe of the owners. Oil several occasions bags, whips and other articles had been stolen, and the annoyance caused was one which shonid be suppressed if possible. He considered that ton many swagmen were allowed tooongregate in the Market K-serve. These men were there day and night, and were a menace to every body. . He moved that the attention of the inspeotor of the market be called to the matter. Cr M'Dooaid aeoauded the motion, whioh was carried. A robbery was discovered on Sunday at the Beaufort Presbyterian Sunday School. It anpeare that the chnroh was left nnlockad on Friday night, and that the collectionjboxes for the missionary fond had been emptied. Tbo ennteuts were principally pennies and small silver coin, and it is estimated that about £1 was stolen. Some sensation was osased at the Town Court yesterday, when the cane of Elizabeth Gilbert ngainat James Richards was called on for hearing, by tho- lattor objecting to Mr Pearce, J.P., sitting on the bunch. He re ferred to anme previous difference between bimaelf and Mr Penroe in a very sarcastic manner. “Yon have alwnya been against me. and I object to your adjudicating in this case,” ho said. Mr Pearce replied, - ‘I am rnnniug this show. I am chairman of this bench, and I intond to sit.” Richnrds again objected, and made a statement in reference to a previous disagreement between himself and Mr Pearoe. “It’s a lie," said tho latter. “ Put me in tha box,” replied the defendant, “ and I will swear to it. I will kiss tho Itible on it..” Mr Pearoa replied, “ No doubt you wodld, you know yon nro stating wlint ie not true.” “Yon go in tbo box and ewenr it is not,” replied Richards. Mr Lung, who was also on the bench, said, “ Conduct yonraelf properly in the court,” to whioh Riohnrds replied, “I nsk Mr Pearce to retire; ho is against mo.” Mr Pearce retorted, “ I will not retire; I ran this show, and I will stay here as long as I think proper.” After consulting the other magistrates, liowevor, Mr Pearce decided to rotira and left the bench. Tbo defendant soon afterwards fell out with Mr A. Phillips who appeared for the complainant. Hassid, when proceeding to state his defence, "I um my own iawyor, if I employed a solicitor I would get a b»tter one than you" (Mr Phillips.) Mr Phillips BBid, “I did not onme here to bo inaulted, and I nsk the bench to make this man behave himself.” Mr Long again warned the defendant, and tha onße prooended. Thebenoh docidod to impose a fine of 20e, and ordered the defendant to pay 20s damages, and 23 1 Gd ooetß, in default seven days' imprisonment. “ How much is it?” askod the defendant. “Seven days,” wae tho answer. “ I will not pay anything, I prefer to go to gaol,” and he waa then looked up. A month ago the members of tbo Mining Board visited tho School of Mines officially, and at tho time expressed themselves delighted with what they saw and grateful for the kind ness and oourteay they received at the hands of (he president (Mr A. Anderson) and direolor (Mr F. 3. Martel!) on that occasion. Tfaoymet yesterday for tho first time einoe the viait, and tha olerk was instructed to convey to the director the cordial thanks of the board for tlieir reception. They also wished it to be nnderstood that they noted with plensnrn the' work dono at the Sahool and tho appliances in nee for teaohing the students practical mining. While general business was under dismission at the City Council meeting yesterday, Cr Brokenshire moved—" Tiiat no money over the earn of £lO be expended onteide. of Bal larat business people, unless snoh expenditure hae been: authorised by the connoil.” The mover of tbs resolution said that the reason ! which aotnated him in bringing the subject forward was the fact ' that in the acoonnts passed for payment appeared the sum of £72 7s 9d for gras* seed, which had been obtained from Messrs Welch, Perrin nnd Cos., of Mel bourne, . He contended that tbs seed could easily have been procured through lbs local nurseryman who, as ratepayers, deserved consideration before outside firms. He under stood that the seed for tbs Eastern Oval only cost 6s per bnsbel, and yet for the City Oral they were paying 28s lid per bushel. Cr Bell pointed out that the mayor had been nntborised to obtain the Beed. As the motion wan not seconded, the next business was pro ceeded with. A young man named Alfred Shears, a resident of Cardigan, had the misfortnne to severely injure himself whilst chopping wood. The axe slipped and cut off his great toe and that adjoining, also iuflioting a Berere gash on the next toe. Shears was brought into Ballarat and bis injuries were attended to at tbe Hoepital. It ia only a few days since a similar accident was treated at tbe Bame institution. A well- attended meeting of ladies belonging to tbe Ballarat Total Abstinence Society was bald at tbe Manchester Unity Hall, Grenville Btreet, yesterday-afternoon, under the presi dency of Mrs T. Williams, for the pnrposo of arranging tor a bazaar in aid of the building fund of tbe proposed Temperance Hall to be erected in Grenville street. Tbe ladies present decided to form a committee, whiah can be increased by any ladies, whether members of the society or not, who may bo willing to aid in tbe work. Mrs Boyd was eleoted president. Meadsmes Lucas, Keaet, and Trebilcock vice-presidents, Mcs Gough secretary, and Mrs Jolly treasurer. It wae decided to hold fortnightly sewing meetings for the purpose of supplying articles for the bazaar, and to endeavor to induce as many ladies as possible to attend the meetings and render assist ance. Further improvements have been made to the Ballarat Rowing Club’s sheds, which will add very much to the comfort of members. In place of the ordinary korosene lamps which have done duty since the ereotion of the new shod, the large room upstairs and the dressing room have been fitted np with Wslsbaoh burners, nod the boathouse with the ordinary jets, tbuß effecting a great improvement on the old system. The efforts of tbe committee to bring tbe accommodation at the sheds fully np to date will, no doubt, bo fully appreciated. The first Bocial evening in connection with that o'nb for the present, season—of which a I number were held l&Bt; year—will take place j on the 9.h June, and promises to bo quite as ancoossful and enjoyable aa its predecessors. The tioketa are being rapidly disposed of, and a large attendance ia expected. | Matrioulated students of the University and others who are without tbe necessary property qualification, bnt entitled to take ont electors’ rights for the Legislative Counoil, are re- - minded that to-morrow is tbe laßt day npon whioh such rights can be obtained. While a discussion on the rate of wages to j be paid to stonebreakers was proceeding at the City Connoil yesterday, one of the conn- , cillors remarked that the work wae particn- I larly suitable for old men who aoald not obtain other employment. Cr Morey took objection to this statement, and contended that proper provision should be made for old men, and they should be supported without having to break stones. He trusted that before long tiiia question would be dealt with, and that means would be provided for enabliug tbe i aged to spend tbeir last years in oomfort, A severe injury to the leg received whilst playing football was recently sustained by a j young man named Usury Watson, a resident I of Ballarat East, who was yesterday treated at the Ho-pital for synovitis of the knee joint ia consequence. An exoollent cartoon on the Amsrioo- Spanish wac is now on view at Mr J. T. Marsh’s shop, in Start street. It represents a pit where a ball fight is in progress. A hall, bearing tbe unmistakable features of Uncle Sam, and with tbe Stars and Stripes thrown aoross bis back, is charging a toreador, who, judging by the expression on his countenance, does not relish tbe situation. Beneath are the words—“ Something motf serions than a ball fight this time.” A special general meeting of the Ballarat Rifle Club was bald last night at Craig’s hotel for the purpose of electing a district com mittee to carry out arrangements for matches for ths ensuing 12 months betweon tbs clabs in the district, including Linton, Learmoutli. Beaufort,. M ddon, Woodeud, Gisborne, and Bacchus Marsh. A ballot was taken, and the follewing were eleoted: —Captain, Mr W. Owen; seoretnrv, Mr A. Murray; committee, Messrs J. M'Keich (Beaufort), W. A. Attae borongli, Madden, and M. Gray (Laarmonth). A letter was received from the Linton Rifle Clnb. asking that a match be arranged with the Ballarat Club on the 11th prox., at the Sulky Gully range, at 400 and 500 yards. It was deoided that the Linton Club should be asked to arrange the matoh for 500 and 600 yards, so that it will not interfere with tbe Ballarat Club’s regular match oo that day. By our advertising columns it will be seen that tbe entertainment to be given in aid of the Ladies’ Society of Charity has been un avoidably postponed. Those who have al ready purchased tickets will bo informed by advertisement when tho entertainment will take place. . On Thursday evening last an instructive debate took plaae between representatives of the Weudonreo Mutual Improvement Associa tion and the kindred Lydiard street associa tion at tbe meeting of the latter sooiety. There was a large audience. Tho subj-ot was—"ls America justified in taking up arms against Spain?" Messrs Nicholson. Tnup, and Rogers took the affirmative view for Wsodonree, and Messrs R. Q. Dimaoy, H. Mollard, and Clemence “poke in tbe negative for Lydiard street. During the debate the proposed Anglo-American alliance was referred to, and it was poinlednut that ths sentiment about British blond was a narrow view to take. “It was their dnty to consider all mankind as their brethren,” said one speaker, “ and the sooner that was recognised by tho nations the better for ths world.” A vote of thanks was aconrded the visitors nn tbe motion of Cr Brukenshire and Mr D. N. M’Lean. Mr Nicholson having replied on behalf of the Wendnnree association, the meeting closed. Next Thursday evening Mr Mark is to read a paper on "Christianity and socialism —»ro they antagonistic?" The secretary reported favorably of the progress of the arrangements far the forthcoming competition. Mr F. Mitchell, of the Ballarat Rifle Clnb, was very successful at the monthly association matolies held at Williamatown on Saturday. He tied with two other competitors in scoring 65, tbe highest score obtained at the matoh, ont of a possible 70 at 500 and 600 yards ranges. At a meeting of the Shoppes testimonial committee, held last night at Craig’s hotel, it waa-dofinitely resolved to make the. presenta tion to the Mayor of ths City at Craig’s hotel on Monday afternoon next,, at half-past 4 o’clock. In order that the gathering may be as pleasurable as possible, the committee express a hope that all subscribers who can make it convenient to attend will be present. The committee also request that all who have promised subscriptions or who intend to con tribute towards the testimonial to hand in their donations before Monday, so that the list may be onmplete and the purse of sovacoigns as weighty as possible. Dr Jameß P. Mills delivered the first of n series of free lectures oo “Christian Science and Metaphysical Healing” in the Mechanics’ Institute yesterday afternoon, to a largo audi ence. Yesterday’s suhjeat was “ The First Principle upon whiah the Healing is Based,” and Scriptural evidence was adduced in sup port of tho theory propounded by the lec turer. Special services in connection with the cela. bration of tbe anniversary of S’. S'ephen’s Church were held on Sunday at the church. Mr J. Lane preached in the morniiig an elo quent sermon, taking his toxt from John xiv., 16 —“And I will pray the Father, and He shall give you another Comforter, that He, may abido with you for ever.” The Rev. IV. F. Tucker delivered an interesting sermon on “The governing of human life by the Holy Ghost;”- and in the evoning the Rev. W. Eiliker prenohed, his texts being from Isaiah ii., 2, and Revelation iii., 1, and iv., 5. Tbe choir, under the leadership of the organist, Mrs Cameron, rendered special anthems, which were thoroughly appreciated by the largo congregations at each of tbe eervicOß. An incident ocanrred at the intersection of Grenville and Mair stroets yesterday after noon that caused a large orowd to gather at the spot. A cab horse that had beon injured through an accident on the previous day, was being taken to a veterinary surgeon when tbe wound, which had been temporarily dressed, opened aiid the bloed poured from it in large quantities. All attempts to Btop the flow proved unsuccessful, and tho horse died in a few minutcß. Amounts for the following await payment at the local Treasury:—Ballarat Female Home, Ballarat City Council, Olrghorn Bros., R-. Davidson, R. Adam, E. J. Baker, R. Hamilton, D. Hare, E. Robertson, H. Wright, Bdlarat Hardware Company, Carngham Widow and .Orphans Fund, Gronvilleahire Oounoit, J. Lynch, C.. Morris, R. C. Wray, Chappolli and party. It is very probable that tho programme pre sontod with euch snoeess on Tneaday night last at the Alfred Hall will be repeated at an early date in aid .of the funds of tho Town Minion. Arrangements are now being made with that end in view, and it is anticipated that there will be another large nttendauoa. The popnlar price of sixp.onoo will be charged for admission. A crowded ball last night testified to the popularity of tho Monday oonoerts organised by the South street Debating Society. The programme wne an Irish one, arranged by Mr J. P. ileffernsn, the balk of the items, how ever, being supplied by the Steele-Payne Family*. These ooneisted of vooal and inst'rn nioutal (hand and sleigh belle, violin, mandolin, and banjo) nnmbers, in which Mrs Steele (Miss L’zzio Pay no). Misses E. Mahsr and Gertie Bromley and Mr Ralph Steele took part, to the evident satisfaction of tbe audience. Mr Heffernan was, aa usual, a host in himself v,- comio song, meeting with unstinted fa’™' 8 ' Mr A. Boas alto succeeded in pleasing nudienoa immensely with his s«l«„.- 1 “ 9 ?■«»* the evening 7 Mr Tarrant Irish jig and reel in fine style, a n d aolsni; 9 by M'Namara’s orchestra completed an enlet tamment which would have been ch-a» at twice the price charged for admi-sion-.l* penoe. An excellent programme is alreX in course of preparation for next V 0 „?£ evening. In connection with the Lydiard etreet Mutual Improvement Association onuiDetitim! entriee close to-day, and m >y be made with th« secretariee, Mr W. H. Peirecn, care son and Cos., Armstrong street north, nr AlrT* B. Bolton, oare Brokenshire aud Coltman Lydiard street south. rain « The inspector of accounts in the Cnat„~,. Department has supplied the Minister nn abstract of the Customs «„d Excise coll e. tione of the Australian oolonies, excentim. New Zealand, for Inst month. Victoria hold, the list with £154,157 Customs, and iw excise. Queensland comes next in nT,"!. colleo'ioue with £107,5D4, about £lOOO than New South Wales, which, however tat« the second plaoe in the excise list’ £2a,790. _ Comparing April, 1898, with Anril 1897, satisfactory increases are shown-’ Victoria, New South Wales, Queensland, and Tasmania, but Sonth Australia is 450; t hind, and West Australia £16,903 behind in Customs collections. It appears f r „ m ’.he return that West Australian Customs collec ' tiooa have bean falling off for some time th.f comparing 1897 with 1896 a deorease of £79,658 ie shown, and that there has been a comparative decrease for every month oi the preeentyear. 8 Ballarat competitors wore eminently suc cessful in the recent competitions held at Bendigo under the au»pices of the Austral Debating Society. Mr Martin White secured six prizes, among which was the blue riband of the competitions—viz., recitation, “The battle of Inkerman,” with musical acoompani inent, the prize for which wae a silver jar v»lne £5 ss. Miss Ella Ogilvie also met with great success, gaining two prizie in eloon'ion Mr White and. Miss Ogilvie were holh pre pared for their various items by Mr Jameß Magrath. When the Earl of Hopetonn was in Victoria ha told the Bev. Dr Bevan that be had met Mr Gladstone only once, and that was jmt before be (Lord Hopetonn) came out b»re as Governor He would never forget, said his Lirdshiu, tha extraordinary fascination which tha Grand Old Man flung around him, and he left him with a feeling that tha whole of his life had been spent in preparation for that interview. Mr Gladstone poured ont upon him all >he fulness of his intense and affluent neraonality. “The glamor of it waa irresistible." 