IN THE MIRAGE. The train lumbered slowly into (he little village station. Already the light was waning, the sky was clear and opalescent, the air was still. A man and his young wife—a laughing girl—stepped out on to the platform. Thsy had been married that morning. A servant waiting on the platform collected their Inggage, and they passed through the dingy book ing-office. Outside, the sleek carriage horses fretted impatiently. A short drive took them to the lonely grey house up on the hill among the pines. Some hours later they sat together in a pannelled room overlooking the avenue. On the walls of the room were the things that a great traveller and a great sports man bring back with him. It had grown chilly, and a fire had been lit there. "Wax candles burned in brass sconces on each side of the fireplace. The girl was in white (as she had been that morning in the church); she leaned back in her chair, still smiling, and showing pretty i white teeth. One hand played with the pearl at her throat, a gesture showing the beautiful curves of her bare arm. The man stood watcbing her. He was middle-aged, tall, lean, wiry, and clean shaven. His face was tanned; bis eyes were exceptionally dark and striking. As she looked down at the tiger-skin rug in front of the fire : " Did you kill that ? " she said. The man nodded. " Tcs, I killed it." \- "Ton never tell me enough," she went on, half-jestingly, " about things that you have done. What is the use of being a traveller if one does not come hack laden with stories' of "wonderful things." ' ' "One tiger story," the maa replied, " is generally very much like another.'" " But there are other things," sb said. "Have you never been nearly killed, or experimented with wonderful drugs m Chinese dens, or been dying of thirst, or seen the mirage 'i " He sat down in the chair facing her. His expression was one of habitual melancholy, just as hers was one of a continual light-beartednees. " Yes," he said. " I think I can lay claim to all those things. Ihaveheea captured by brigands, have experimented with hachish, have been practically dead, have seen the mirage, and " He paused. " Well ? " she said eagorly. " 1 have also," he said, " been in the mirage." " How can that he * " she Baid. " I was taught about the mirage in my governess days, all about the density of the air, and the temperatnre, and so on. Sometimes it is lakes of water, sometimes it is a city with houses and temples and people, sometimes it is feathery palms trees, sometimes ships that sail across the sky, keel upwards; but it is never real. How could you be in a thing which practically does not exist ? " " Wc had been marching four days," he said, dreamily; " the sun was awful hv day, hut the nights were cold. It was on the morning of the fifth day that they turned on me ; they took what there was and went off. I was left on the sand for dead ; indeed, for some hours I must have been dead." " Go on," said the girl, leaning forward now, watching him intently, no longer smiling. " How long ago was it ? " " Ten, a dozen years ago—when you were howling your hoop in Kensington Gardens. And most of the story is very wearisome, hut the fact is interesting that I was actually m the mirage." " What was it like ? " " It was a city of ghosts. They moved silently about the grey, ghostly streets. They wore the costnracs of all ages and all countries. It had a weird and bizarre effect. When I first came to "conscious ness in the mirage, the first thing that I saw was a city man, silk hat, frock coat, expanded waistcoat, all the same grey tint, all shadowy. He was talking with the ghost of a beautiful Egyptian wo man ; they spoke in whispers. Everyone spoke in whispers." " Did any of them speak to you ?" "Yes; hesitatingly a first, just as strangers do among the living. They told me that 1 was dead, that all these cities of the mirage were cities of the dead. They floated nnd drifted through the air, settling down now and then on the sand, as a bee might alight on a flower, passing onward again through space when any living being approached them. Every ship that is sunk sails again through the sky, manned by its drowned cre'w." "You are saying this seriously?" she asked. " Quite. I know the scientific ex planation, that the ship is merely the image of a vessel out of sight. I daresay the scientific explanation is true, hut I cannot believe it because I have ex perienced the other thing. I was just as certain of the existence of the shadow city, and of myself as a shadow in its midst, of the hnildings I saw, the streets I traversed, the people to whom I spoke. I was just as certain of those things, and of the fact that I was dead as I am now that I live, that I am in this particular room, that I tonch yonr hand." She drew her hand away; watching him half-frightened. " "Why," she asked, " did you not tell me about this before ?" " It seemed useless. The story is in credible to everyone except myself. Be sides, it is a little uncanny; I thought it might scare you." How she laughed again, but rather nervously. " I am not so easily frightened, but you must-not go on believing it." " Belief," he said, " is not a matter of will. I was there in the mirage for some time. I have the most distinct recollec i tion of it. I could take my sketch-book and draw you pictures of it." What was it like ? What did tou do there ?" she asked. •' There was no work and no amuse ment : one neither ate nor drank; neither slept nor made love. The honses were not really inhabited : they were like ghosts of honses perpetuated through some strong human association. The doors stood open ; sometimes one wandered through them, bnt one did not lir e in them. Most of the time one wandered up and down the streets, feeling no fatigue, unconscious of heat or cold. It. was all dead : every thing was dead. There was not oven very much talking; when one spoke one spoke of the past " He broke off his account suddenly. " Now," ho said, " let me tell you about something more cheerful." He told her story after story of his travel, all that was most amusing Bnd most commonplace. Her laughter and her color returned, but at the end of the stories, when thesilence came she abruptly said: " Go on ! Tell me more about the mirage." "Ton have heard enough," he said, " and, besides, the rest is not very plea* sant," " I don't care for that," she said, "you mnst tell me; I want to hear it. I am not a bit frightened." And then for an hour he went on with the story. When he had finished she made him tako his sketch-book and draw for bar some of the faces that be had seen there. She held the book iti bar bauds and sat staring at them intently. Sud denly she dropped the book and shivered. " I have to do all that you ask," ho said, " but I do not think I should have let you have yonr own way in this thing. Tou are really frightened." He stepped across the tiger skin fo hor and stood by ber, resting one band on ber bair. He remained thus for a moment motionless. Then she suddenly sprang up with a loud scream and rushed away from him, cowering in one comer of the room. " Don't touch inc." she cried, " don't toncb me; don't look at me 1 Ton have been among tbe dead 1—Barry Pais. 