ANGLO-COLONIAL NOTES. (From our Special Correspondent.) London, September 16, 1898. Thus the scribe on banking attached to the "Financial Times:—"There are some spas-<*> modic signs of improvements in Australian' banks, but what we want to know is whether \ : these can be backed up by bubstantial reasons, j jWe see no reason for a fall, but the speeches; lof the chairmen at the recent meetings were j not particularly optanistic, and tbe position ■ ; remains as before—a conflict between recon-! ! structed aud non-recoastructed banks. This' does no good to Australia whichever side ; wins." I Mr. David Christie Murray, who is being [ liberally used for advertisement purposes by j the reorganised "London Slorninc," and i gleams at us through his spectacles from every ' {possible hoarding and dead wall in tho! metropolis, will not, it appears, absolutely I edit the "Daily Hail's" rivalr He bas simply I teen engaged to supply a signed article j regularly on the "Topic of the Hoar" for tlio j front page. I have road Eoveral and find them sufficiently entertaining chat. There is not as a > role much concerning tbe " topic of thu hour," i but the adventuress experiences, theories, and \ notable notions of David Christie Murray arc! endless. Never had maa more toucliingfaith | in bis own eublime ego. Vor example, in an j article on the remarkable dicta of Sir William ! Brookes on tbe " Unseen World" at theliritith Association Mr. Murray devotes a para graph to the eminent scientist's obscrva- j tions, and a column to an account of how he interviewed the spirit of liobert I«ouis Stevenson. This is quite a novelty in ghost stories and should deeply interest in eren those of you who never met R.L.K. Mr. Murray himself did not know tbe seigneur of Valima, but tbe latter, like most of us, thought a lot^of "Joseph's Coat" and **U«.inbow Gold," and had written to the author praising them. When Stevenson d ied Christie Murray was in America, and presided at the memorial meeting in honor of tbe dcceaccd romauci&t; at Carnegie Hall, New York. A few sights later he Was up country at a lonely little accommodation-house in Canada wrestling with a now poem, and not thinking of K.L.S. ••When," declares Mr. Murray, "I went to bed and put out my candle Stevenson was miles away from my thoughts, and I was wrapped in the contemplation of the one stubborn verse in my poem. On a sudden, at I lay my faco to the wall, I was aware, in some Etrange way, of a figure behind me. 1 saw nothing and heard nothing, but the impression was en tirely clear. The figure advanced with a certain willowy graoa—it was as distinct to me as if I had eeen it—reached tbe chair at the bedside, seemed to remove the shallow candlestick from chair to table and to sit down. Then tho face became vis- iblo—to my imacination alone—and I recognised it as that of Eobert Louis Stevenson. When you know a face from photography only it is not easy for tho imagination to set its features in! motion, but here they sparkled with a bright and affectionate animation. ">>ow. Hi tell you what I should do with that vcr&a; if I were writing iU' There was no sound, and yet the words were in my mind as clearly as if a voice had spoken them, and not only that, tiicy had a certain characteristic tone, an individuality, not to be dunned but real. And then, iwitbout the faintest conscious effort of my own, came this verse:— With loofci like any dcvil'i prim Be luarcd the Drew ice till it ran With fetid honor at the I vim. "Mow drink.' he pbed, *ana play the man.' He reached the clulice forth ;it stank Xhu wy noui failed me, and 1 druk. Xow, whether that bears anything of Stevenson's ball mark or no I caunot telL j But the thing happened, and wbother it wore a fact or a fancy in its inward essential it is a fact from the historical point of view." ; Tbe professional sculling nee for the English championship and the "SportfciEaa v Challenge Cup, the initial heats of which will be rowed1 to-morrow, promises to furnish a very interest ing contest between England acd Australia. The draw which took place when the quartet entered made good the second hnlf of tbe stake of £50 each resulted in Jem Wray being antagonised with W. A. Barry, and George Towns with the veteran George Bubear. Wray and Bubear were the lucky ones in the toss for choice of stations. All the competitors are tit as fiddles, but the chances seem to be in favor of Wray and Towns fighting oat the issue on Wednesday next. The latter has bad eoveral mishaps during his training, and on Friday evening last had a very narrow squeak, lie was sprinting up river for all he was worth and an amateur in a ram-turn was sculling down btream at a good pace. Neither man noticed the other until but a few yards aemratod tbe craft, when a shout from the bank warnod Towns of his danger. He looked round and backwatered hard aa he knew how, but the amateur lost his head and failed to chuck his boat, the nose of which caught Towtu's craft, ripped the skin from cutwater to rowlock, and caught the Australian in the middle of tho back. The blow was a severe one and raised a nasty bump and bruise, but, though painful for a day or two, the injury did not interfere with the Australian's preparation, and he is favorite for his heat at 3 to 1 on. j Percy Cavil! has replied to a challenge from " Jacky" Tyers intimating bis willingness to swim tbe latter a mile in tbe sea at Blackpool, or in any open sheet of water where the con ditions regulating the Mile Championship ol tbe Amateur Swimming Association can be complied with. Joey Nuttcll is also after Cavili's scalp and offers to race him a mile for any amount from £100 a side upwards. Swimmere here have been taking liberties with Jack Hellings's name, averring that he is about to turn professional I have tbe best authority for contradicting this nmor. namely, j a personal assurance from Hellings taat bo has' no intention of leaving the amateur ranks. He would indeed be a fool to do so at present, for he has a reasonably good berth at Messrs. Cook & Son's, and professional swimming is by no means a money-making game at present. At a board meeting of the International Cyclists' Association held in Vienna on Wed nesday, September 3, under tbe presidency of Uerr Stsal, of Denmark, it was decided to (rive a favorable answer to applications from the Kew Zealand Cyclist Union and the League of Xew Zealand, as representing tbe amateur and professional cyclists cf the colony respectively, for affiliation to the association. Applications from unions in America, Canada, Switzerland, and Italy were rejected, but the Mexican Union were affiliated. An old friend fondly Miuved by moat of u« to be "resting* within the classic shades of Pentridge seems to have turned up in Canada. This is Captain L&ndermann;, alias Landrshut, alms Middleton, alias Macdonald, a profes sional adventurer of much experience and admirable resource and versatility. Thu captain belongs to the Hebrew race, and is believed to have begun life as a clerk in Rothschild's. Tin) firm unfortu nately early presented hiui with "the eack." and ho then gravitated to San Francisco and Honolulu. In It&l; Laudeahut came on to Auckland and put up at the Star Hotel. Ho lived in great styla^ soon got to know every- Indv, and made love to two or three nice girls surreptitiously and simultaneously. How his chaiactc-r was ultimately discovered it would take too lon? to tell here. Suffice it to say several highly respectable citizens gladly ;iaid tbe fellow's passage doivn south to get rid of him. Lacdtxhut was next heard of iv Melbourne, wbere the abstraction of a lady"a gold bracelet in a lit of absence of mind resuUod in a term of im prisonment. Some years later our hero again turned up in Melbourne, lie had now become a wealthy Mauritius merchant, and some ex tremely clever commercial frauds were sheeted horn« to him. Those resulted in another pro tracted sojourn in Pentridge, and if he has bwai released it can only be recently. In tie name of A. .1. Middleton a man ebrewdiy suspected to bo Landeshut now lies in duranco vile at Woodstock, Ontario, accused of obtaining goods on false pretences. Tliia is, however, only a bv-the u-ay charge, his most notable recent exploit l«ing the promotion of a mythical railroad troni Woodstock to Brantford, in which, largely by means of lavish social entertain ments, be had aroused much local interest. In tbe leisure left by «ucb achievements Middlo ton is said to have wooed and won four fair daughters of tbe Dominion, all of whom with their well-connected friends an-, now lamenting. According to his own statements Middleton is aa Englishman by birth, and one of the most interesting episodes in his life took place in London- He wag here for two or three months last year for the puroose of floating a Klondyke mining company. "Armed with one or two letters of introduction Middleton obtained entrance into certain city circles and secured the co-operation of a firm of GoUcitore. A considerable amount of capital had befin r.iii^d, and he was about to be entrust**! with the sum of £ir^Ooo for tho purpose of proceed ing to the Iviondyku and purchasing claims. Then one of the solicitors, to the story go«= detected Middleton in a falsehold about his I having dined with some titled people and en- ■ quiries were made, which were followed by the collapse of the scheme and the Klondyke ex. pert'a departure from London. According to the "Toronto Globe' na more in terestine; development in the case or one which throws more light on Middleton's character and abilities has occurred than tba discovery of two letters, wLich prove that if he is not a vory clever for£>-r, no less a person than thu novelist, Mr. H. Jiider Haggard, was as much a victim of laa insinuating ways as were many otber people with whom he cams into contact. Both l<-tUTe, it is stated, purport to l«i sicned by Mr. Hazard, and are written on the notepap'.-r of Ditcljingham House, Nor folk. They also purport to lie in the hand writing of the noivliat. The first, dated April 11\. ltyg, invites Middleton, alias Laadeahut, j to "spend a quiet Sunday in a quiet house in { orf?lk!Lan<l Bwke M^ Haggard's acquain tance. The second (dated a week later) under-1 lakos to write an nscount of your life, expe rience, and discoveries in Alaska, the Arctio n-cums. aud liritiah North-\V«st territories for ? consideration of a sum of tlO.Ot*', £9,1)00 in ! cash, and £I.COO in bharcs of the claim, 30 : H Dorado Creek Compuiy—the cash to be ; p?id as nuy ho rausjally agreed." It is tho ! £rcatfst possible pity two Mich sumptuous I : imajimUons as LindesWs Md Hazard's ' | sLould not have collaborated. Tho result must! • tave been retoarksble. i London, September 2S, IS9S. ; Just when erorybody ttiUi an intcro&t; an tho , matter had well nigh" abandoned ill hope of : ever seeing the China resume her place in the P. & O. steamer service news came to hand! , that tbe chances of saving th? vessel were' I extremely bright Last week end die news; I came to band tliat she was afloat, and on ' i Monday the cable intimated that ebe had been! j safely towed into Perim harbor. Her salvage i certainly ranks an one of tbe most important I operations of the kind ever accomplished. It I will be remembered that when the Chins : stranded on March 25 last—just six months ago—it was found that the rocks iiad seriously I lioled her bottom, and an examination by j divers showed that before any attempt could jbe made to Gil up the gaps the penetrating ! rocks would have to be blasted airsr. Owing , to bad weather this delicate operation was &o; : complishcd with the greatest difficulty, and , iire months elapsed before the divers were ! aijle^to commence the work of patching up tue 't'.nps battDm. Finally this operation was ' satisfactorily accomplished. Having been I pumped dry. tko China, thanks partly to a j recurrcneoof the abnormally high tide which \ proved li e r salvation on the nignt of the mis j hap, was successfully floated. Ttoe salvage operations were carried out by the Nord dischfx Bercungs Verein, of Hambur?, and tlie Neptun Salvage Company, of Stockholm. . A large number oj gentlemen istarested in ttio great triiipowning and mail carrying companies assembled at Mjo Old Bailey on .Monday to hear the trial of Jago and Kynaston for pillaging the postliaci, oT the K.&LS.; Bntacnic The proceedings were, lianorer, of tho bnefeit, as both men pWded Riulty. Mr. Richards described the case as one almost vnthout parallel in the history of tbe post-office. J ago had pleaded guilty to stealing a. letter con taining 40 bank coupons of the United States, another letter containing 1,500 dollars, and a third letter containing four uncut diamonds. Kynaston had pleaded guilty to everything but stealing the diamonds, which he re pudiated, and tbe prosecution were satisfied tnat in all probability his pica on that point was true. The extraordinary position of the whola affair was that Japo, who held an appointment in the Boyal Xtaval Beserve, had U«n 10 years in the employment of the White Star Company, and he held the petition at the time of this robbery of chief officer of the Britannic. It has bow been ascertained that in ISS3 he was con victed of forgery, but of this the White Star Company seemed to have been in igno rance. Ho came to the company with the Board of Trade certificate and testimonials, and upon that ha was employed. Kynaston had been in the employ of tho company only SO months, aud be thought it only fair to say at onoe that he bad been the dupe and creature of Jago. Not only bad Jago been his ruin, but since the case was before tbe Police Court be had endeavored to get Ky&aston; to withdraw a confession he bad made by promising to allow his wife 255. ? week if he would take tho whole thing upon himself and to give him 1150 when lie came out of gaol. From the moment of his arrest Kynaeton hail afforded every facility to the authorities and had tamed a deaf ear to the overtures made to him by Jago that be eliould withdraw his con fession and take the matter entirely upon himself. This was not an isolated case, a letter having been stolen in LSU7 containing its 7 dollars. The matter was of the greatest conaequenoe to the public, and Mr. ttichards asked for an exemplary sentence in the case of Jago. The recorder asked whether there was any evidenoe to chow how the bags which were opened wers reseated. Mr. Bichards said there was a post-office aeaX but in the hurry of dispatch it waa sometimes omitted, and such a duplicate seal was easily obtain able. Ttie letter* which were opened ware cot with a razor and gummed up again. Jago was convicted in 1833 at Liverpool of forgery. Tbe recorder remarked'that baring heard the statements made he did not see what further steps tue compiny could have taken than they did. He did not eeehow it could ho suggested that tney had been guilty of the slightest carelessness. He sentenced Jago to eight years' penal servitude, and Kynaston to twelve months' bard labor. 