from % Circle. (BY j AD AGIO). I shall not enter into any details the plot of " Struck Oil," the same reason that I would not narrate the romantic drama enacted by Adam and Eve in the Garden of Eden, or the tragedy of Cain and Abel. Suffice it to say that, in addition to the songs with which her name has been affectionately associated— " Her Father Keeps a Brewery," "Don't Make Me Laugh," "Lizzie's Farewell," and " Pretty Wilhelmiua," Miss Moore singe "TheStar-spangled Banner" with remarkable spirit and expression. One thinks after hearing it that, after all, there may be some- thing in all this talk about the union of the English-speaking "races. Even a Perth audience, which as a rule doesn't care much for anything but hard cash and Swan beer, is roused to enthusiasm by it. Maggie Moore singing " The Wearing of the Green " should just about wake the ghosts of the old Fenian transportees buried in this colony. Of Mr. H; R, Roberts' interpretation of John Stof el it may also be. «aid that the leading feature is entire lanishment of self. He is John Stofel from start to finish, and never for a single instant forgets the fact. Makeup and appearance are in complete accord with this idea. In the first jparttbe lazy, but heroic Dutchman, with his droll speech, and in the second the harmless old crank, were splendidly acted, the one with inimitable humor, the other with remarkable power. Mr Roberts is undoubtedly the most powerful and best all-round actor we have had here. And then there is a gap. Noue of the others come within cooee of the two principals. Mr. J. P. West, though at times strong, is unconvincing as Deacon Skinner. He loses sight of the wider and deeper scopes that the part affords, and drags it down lo'the cheap level of low comedy. A cleverer actor would reveal possibilities in the part of which Mr. West seems to have no conception. Mr. Herbert Ashton is at times stagey as Sergeant Flynn, but improves when he develops into judgeship. Mr Max Maxwell shows considerable embryonic talent as a young doctor who might eensibly recommend himself a course of dumb-bell exercises. As Susan Stofel, Miss Willis is earnest—rather too earnest at times. A strong feature of the performance is the really smart orchestra under the leadership of Mr George Gardner. This is the only mitigating circumstance about the second interval which is altogether too long. The scenery is complete and effective, and as for the audience, take my tip and go early, for if you don't the crowd won't even let you stand outside and look over its head. Williamson and Musgrove's Opera Company arrived by the Barcoo on Wednesday night, and will open at the Theatre Koyal on Saturday night. The company comprises 80 artists,, including Messrs. William Faull (late of the Albani company), Howard Vernon, George Laurie, Henry Bracey, Mrs. Bracey, Miss Mabelle Darley r and other well-known artists. The repertoire comprises "Ma Mie Rosette," " The Bohemian Girl," "Mikado," " Maritaua," and "The Gondoliers." An enormous rush is expected, and seats should be secured as early as possible. The benefit (?) performance advertised as a farewell to Miss Ettie Williams and Geo. A. Jones at the Theatre Royal was a sorry affair as far as attendance was concerned. The blame, however, is attributable solely to those who had control of the entertainment, as no time was allowed to work it up, and a large number of persons, who would have been glad to show their appreciation of the lady and gentleman, knew nothing of the performance until it was over. {Several artists from Cremorne were kindly " lent" by Mr. Harry Rickard's, •who with other variety performers -were successful. The comedietta, " Written in Sand," served to introduce two members of the newly formed " Thespian " society—Mr. Barton and Mr. Harvey—who gave a good account of themselves. The dramatic critic (?) of one of the morning papers classed all but one concerned in the comedietta as amateurs, which was rough on Miss Ettie Williams, who was one of the ladies engaged in it. He could see no merit in anyone, but the funny man, probably from the «ame cause that he would consider th« clown in a circus the most talented individual in the arena. Though Miss Elvira Lee had only partially recovered from an attack of illness affecting her throat, just in time to enable her to appear at her farewell concert, her rendering of the gongs set down to her name, viz., "The Lost Chord" (with orchestral accompaniment) and " Out on the Rocks " was completely satisfactory to her hearers. Miss Lee is always a sympathetic singer, and is known to make 41 study of her songs, being too conscientious an artist to over-look this necessity. Her encore song, " Genevieve," which is one of her own favorites, was more than usually pathetic in expression, her voice fairly ringing with feeling in the somewhat sad refrain. Usually at musical entertainments, when of a semi-amateur char- actcr especially, the ominous item pianoforte solo" is viewed with mixed feelings, but at Monday's concert an artist's name was placed in •conjunction with the number. Herr •Otto Linden can play a solo well •enough to make a commonplace individual dream of angels, though keeping wide awake all the time. On this -occasion, the artist contrasted portions .of German and English music effectively in Hensetts Fruhling's beBt {Spring song) and Mills' " Salttnello." and so delighted was the audience that .a demand was unhesitatingly made for more, which was responded to by the execution of that delightful melody of Gottschalk's " La Jeunessi." That Mrs Oldham is a popular singer was evidenced by the applause which greeted her appearance and none clapped more heartily than Sir Gerard Smith when " Caller Herrin " was rendered in the second part. " Killarney " was given as an encore, and that pathetic song of Behrend's "Daddy" was pleasingly rendered in the first portion of the entertainment. 1 Miss Isabel Beid sang a tragic lament of Mattee's " For the Sake of the Fast." Mrs D. Aitken gave -"The Last Mile Stone." Mr A. J •Campbell, " A Bandit Life," and Mr J. L. Wintle not only sang the two numners set down <0 his name, viz,, "Thou art my Life" and "The Baddalero," but as Miss Grace Woodfield was too ill to appear, Mr Winter filled her place by sinking " The Deathless Ariny." One of the prettiest items was the performance of the " Ave Marie," from "Cwvilerie Rustk-ana," l>v Misses T. and W. Parsons aud Mr. F. Parsons, with violin and 'cello, accompanied by Mr. A. G. Russell (piano forte). This talented trio also gave Brahtn's "Hungarian Dance," by request, and both numbers were artistically executed. Mr. A. Krackver's violin solo, " II Trovatore," was very finely played, but would have been more effective had the performance being shorter and crisper. Long instrumental solos are a mistake—short and sweet pleabe the public best in this direction Last night (Thursday) acomplimentarv benefit was tendered Mr. John Coleman at Cremorne, and the performance was t he la6t. given by the Rickards Co. for some time, as they are about to make what looks like a triumphal tour of the principal goldfields towns. During their occupancy of the snug little theatre in Murray-street the company have been accorded enthusiastic support, and among the more pronounced favorites none have been more to the fore than the genial scarecrow, Johnny Coleman. We understand that Mr. Coleman is bound for California, and we can only hope that he will be as thoroughly appreciated there as here. Manager Marcus has shown considerable magnanimity in thus preferring to exploit the goldfields rather than run in opposition to two other shows in Perth, and there is not the slightest doubt that his excellent company has a promising and remunerative time before it. 