ITEMS OF INTEREST. A Mixed Mctnphor. —"The Govern ment turned thoir coats to save their bacon."—Mr Copelivnd. A liumnn uioliir was found in a black bream purchased lor the Ballina Iloapilal. The m-ieuco of ilentietry is progressing ! #" # Mr AY. W. D.ivis, the now member for Bourke, is tho lather of 21 child dren, 17 of whom aro liv:ng. No wondor he del'eatud little Milieu. Tho voto of his own family would more tlmu account for his majority. # A proposition has been made to tho Harbour Commissioners of San Fran cisco to allow prettj' Italian girls, cliul in bloomers, to jiolish the shoes of passengers while waiting for tho boat at the hainlsomo Union Perry depot. Yankee "oiirccs of originality cau nover be exhausted. # * # Mr Keid is easily tho fattest man in (lie Assembly. Mr Copoland comes next. The tallest and thinnost is Mr Henry Chapmnn, who once more re presentH Fitzroy. Sir Joseph Abbott, Mr Ljne, Mr Afllicic, Mr Lee, and | Mr Uonaldeou are nil big men. The height of members is a long way abovo the average. *#* It is said that there is no House in tho world so difficult to address as tho New South AVales Parliament. For tho members havo neither manners nor sincerity, while thoy are intensely jealous of each other. For instance, whilo Mr Lyne is speaking, tho lead ing members of his party yarn in a loud voice, or read newspapers, or leave the House. There are only threo or four men who can command attention. V A clergyman, whoso salary had not been paid for several months, told the trustees that he must havo hie money, as hie family wore suffering from the want of the necessaries of life. "Money!" exclaimed one of the trustees, noted for hie stinginess, " Money ! Do you preach for money ? I thought yon preached for the good ot bouls ?" Tho minister replied, "So I do, but I can't eat souls. And if I could, it would take a few thousand such as yours to make a meal." *?* During tho past 10 days a " ghost" has been promenading the outskirts of Bendigo, much to the terror of the womenfolk ; but efforts to capture the perpetrator of the scaro have been un successful. One evening tho contents of a shot-gun wero discharged at tho jokist, apparently without doing any damage, and a couple of evenings later a plucky young woman throw a stono at him, and tho " ghost" re taliated by brutally striking her in the faco with his list. About 2 o'clock on Saturday morning a tramway em ployee Baw a figure in white staring at him from behind a fence. Tho etn plojeo was armed with a revolver, but was too frightened to use it. * * A clergyman out Sluiiguudi way liad a blaekfellow, whom he trained in the way in which he should go, telling him ho would go down below if lie did wrong, pointing straightdown ward at tho same time, in the direc tion of tho centre of the earth. Not long after, the Pera Boro was put down, tho darkie being present when the successful issue was brought about and tho grand steam of water shot high into tho air. There was great rejoicing among the whites pro- Bent, but the blaekfellow looked melancholy enough for a front seat at a funeral. Questioned as to why ho looked sad, tho darkie replied, "Parson, he liar ; ho been tell mc big nre down there, but when hole made water jump up ! " Hie regret was principally because ho had lost confi dence in a source that once he had every faith in. *#* The tramp of the imposture kind is generally a coward. The other day an old man called at a house in tho Parramatta district and for a meal, for which he offered to chop some wood. Tho lady of tho house gave tho man his dinner, aud he cut the wood, but afterwards he demauded payment in a most domineering way, brandishing a large stick in a. menac ing manner, and threatening all sorts of vengeance if his demand wero not I complied with. The woman tried to shut the door, but ho put his foot in it, and blocked it. She then went inside to where she knew a loaded re volver was kept, and returning pointed it at the man, and told him if ho ' didn't get out she'd put n hole through liiin. Ho cringed at once, and said he had only been having a bit of fun, but he quickly left tho house, and getting outside tho fouco ho made another threat and theu cleared for hie life. # * Was this one of Deoming's victims? Duriug tho excavation for tho rebuild ing of the Hock House Hotel at Barton, Ecdc-a, n hotriblo discovery was made. Underneath tho flags in kitchen was found a hole six feet long, liowu in tho soft red rock, and con taining tho skoleton of what is thought to bo a woman. On her linger was a much-worn wedding-ring. " A lodge was cut out on which rested her hoad. i'urthor investigations show that an attempt had been made to dig a grave undor tho window, but being too public tho idea was abandoned. Tho BUoletou was loft on tho promises all night, and next morning it was found to bo smashed to pieces. Morbid persons havo carried away the pieces of bone. 