[?] 'v THE PITY OF IT. ,-,,- '' ? — ? * ? ' ; ,J ' J ; 'By 2. D. Undbbhill in Harper's Magazine. -, '_ (Continued.) . ; '^- V For an hour more they stood side by Bide, the man giving every thought to the ' ; , boat, the girl watching him like a lynx, to be ready with help. The boat's course; had to be changed with each moment. Maverick's muscles were braced like rods , of steel to hold her ; his face grew set and hard. There were no glances now for Helen, nothing but a concentration of every; faculty on preserving the bit of man's bandi- ; work which looked so frail and helpless in; the midafc of nature's fury. But several , times he called on her to help him; she! took hold of the wheel, and pulled as he; bade her, and Btopped when he told her it was enough. She had no other thought than blind, trusting obedience. At last she became aware that the wind was blow !, ing less violently, and waves tumbling less tumultuonsly. The last gleam of light had faded from the west, but at Inter vals through the clouds that drifted overhead came a thin moonbeam. Alan tern which had been lighted when they Ipft shore hung at the mast, and threw a; faint light on thnr way'; another, which she had brought from a lock'er and lighted under Maverick's directions, was lasbed to: the gunwale at the stern and showed the compass on the seat baneath. The waves' came like an endless procession of ghosts out of the- dark before them, and slipped away into the dark behind. At last the moon became entirely obscured, and it' began, to rain softly. 'The sea's going down,' said Maverick; we must be getting well into the lee of the land. But I don't know where we'll come, in. I've lost my reckoning with this Heavy \- sea.' ' It's getting stiller,' he repeated, a little; later, and Helen had already began to feel tthat the boat was now rocking gently. 'It's getting still. We must be getting close to shore. Holloa! I think I see it] now!' 1 He beat his head and peered through; the night. :1HeIen could see nothing. ' ! ' Yes,' he went on, ' there's some bmld «««#* DhI T Ann^t Irnnm 'tVinnri-; ? rr'aa T i?n. too ; it's Fisher's barns. And there's his dock. Hold on, we'll be in in a moment; 'Tisn't muoh of a place to get to, but it's dry land, anyway. Leastways it's land — I * wouldn't like to say jfcoo muoh about its being dry. And you — you must be as wefc as a fish. I hope it won't, hurt you. Salt water isn't likely to give you cold, anyway; 'Well,. 'we've had a rough Voyage, but we've got to ihe end all right. I kept my word and got you in safe, though there was one time when I didn't know if I was going to. Here we are along side,' he gave a long sigh of relief as he released the wheel and rubbed his arm two or three times. ' | '? Oh, how tired you must bo!' cried Helen. ?? Your arms get stiff pulling so long,' the said. 'Now, wait a moment and let me make her fast before we go off. There, she'll like quiet until I'm ready to go back.' ?; ' You won't go back to-night ?'* she questioned. * .'No; I'll wait for daylight, it'll be a good .bit quieter then. And you've already convinced me I oughtn't to be in such a Kni»«ir tn rrnf Arnumari ' TTa lonTrnd af. Vior sharply, and Helen, who was suddenly afraid that he was angry, smiled timidly. . She laid her baud in his as he stood on the ' - flock, and he drew her up beside him. ' Well,' uhe^. said, .,.?'_ we've .got to mako ,the most of this being land— it hasn't got .much else to recommend it. Now, how' am I goiDg to get you over to Westbury 1 ' There. [ isn't a human being within two miles of here. I know that Jerry has some ' - ? horses at pasture somewhere about here— ?and there's an old waggon in the barn. Gome and sit down herd in the lee while I , see what I can do.' She followed him to the building which .loomed through the darkness, and seated herself on a pile of boards at one side, while Maverick turned towards the road, the white, glimmer of which was, dimly .visible. It was not cold in spite of the .storm. Sho leaned her head against the .mossy boards and listened to the gentle \- drip of the rain and the .murmuring of the grass. . She felt at peace with all the world. Even the . thry.ight of her father did not trouble her. Stm was doing all she could to got to him, and she had a blind faith that she should find him .bettor. Besides it was no longer her care, it.was Maverick's, who was going to see that .'..she ieaohed:.' her . goal in safety. She- sat. tired, idle, con tented, in the soft wet darkjgoing over and over, in a sort of waking dreamy every moment of the wild voyage. She recol lected each movement of Mt-verick's slnu OU3 figure, each quick change in his face, each variation of his voice. And mixed with these cime back the wild rush of the wind, the roar of the foaming breakers, the driving spray. Half-an-hour must have gone by before she heard her companion's voice once more. He wa3 speaking to a horse which he was leading along the road. Then she became aware that he was on the other side of the barn, and apparently beating down the door. Soon he called to her : ' Come ! I've a . team here ready, but I can't leave it,' and she roused herself and followed the sound to where in the faint moonlight she saw a horse and waggon standing, with Maverick beside them. 'This is rather a skittish animal,' he said. '.You get in first, and make yourself comfortablp, and then I'll jump in. I put in all the old blanketB and things I could find.' Helen climbed in and wrapped the warm rugs around her. Maverick followed with a leap, and before he was seated the horse was off at full speed. Presently it quieted down, and they went more sedately. Maverick had fastened the boat's lantern in front of the waggon, where it threw a faint illumination before them. But they could barely distinguish the gray road from the dark thicket along the edge. He talked as they drove. He told her tales of the country-side and the life there, which was so Bimple and monotonous, yet often so dramatic and strange. He had an odd mocking humor, and Helen re sponded to it gaily. She was aware of a llttlUltti lUOUUOllVu D V IXl^JOtUjr U1UU HUU ** 'J he felt and spoke. His very recklessness and courage, his keen, quick, domineering spirit roused something within her that she had never known before, and yet that she recognised as it stirred her inmost self. She listened eagerly, she laughed sympa thetically, and she shrank with a feeling of impending loss when he said : ' We're almost there now. The house you said your father was in is this side the village.' Sho drew her purse from her pocket. 'You must pay that man,' she said, ' for his waggon, and fosr breaking down his barn.' Then she sat still and looked at him by the lantern-light. She did not know what to do, and yet she was not troubled, for she thought ho would know. ; Maverick glanced down at her and saw, what disturbed her. He smiled — a slow, friendly smile. 'Yes,' he said, 'you'd better give me ten dollars for him — then he'll thank me for breaking his door. And I brought you oeer you know ; but then you gave me lots of good advice on the way, so we're quits. But I would like to have the purse.' He took it out of her hand as ho spoke and emptied it on her lap, picked out a bill, which he put back, closed the little silver snap of the portemonnie, and put it in his pocket.' ' Here we are,' he said, ' it must be near midnight. But there's a light in the baok of the house. It won't take long to wake them.' He drew up the horse, jumped down, lifted Helen after him, and took the lantern in his hand. They walked up the long path to the house, which was dark except for the one light they had seen. Maverick knocked vigorously ; they waited, without speaking, a few moments. ' They haven't hoard,' he said, and knocked harder. From far off came a noise of opening and shutting doors, nnd voicrs ; evidently the people were stirring. ' They are coming,' ho said, and drew closer to her. She saw the look in his face, eager, hungry, sad, and then she seemed to see him again as he stood beside the wheel, holding her life in his hand, and bringing her safe through the ravening waves. : .' Good-bye,' he cried, and put out his hand. She laid her own in it, bending towards him ; his arm went about her waist and gathered her close ; his head bent nearer and nearer ; their lips met. The next moment they heard a key turn in the lock. Ho released her, and was gone with out a word, as a flood o£ light fell over the threshold. Sho stepped across it and the door closed behind her. II. A fortnight afterwards Helon'B father was living.. His ? daughter had watched beside hjm day and night ;. now, white and worn, she rested in. her room. Beside her. was her aunt, urging some action from /which she vehemently dissented. 'I can't. , I don't want you to send for him,' she exclaimed. ' But, my dear, wo must,' rejoined the elder lady. 'It is only fitting that the man to whom you are engaged should take his place in the family on such an occasion. I doubt if you have explained to 'him clearly how ill your father Is, or he would have come before this. Have yon made him understand ?' . Helen shook her head wearily. ' No,' she said, ' he doeB not know.' ' Have you written to him at all ?' questioned the other, imperiously. The girl shook her head again.. 'Helen,' cried her aunt — 'Helen! What can you mean ? Yonr father has been ill a fortnight. George has a right to be very angry. How can you justify your self?' 'I do not know,' said the girl, hope lessly, and then she cried out suddenly, sharply, ' Ob, auntie, don't make it harder. I haven't sent for George, because I can't. I don't want to see him. I am so very unhappy. It seems as if everything was changing around me, and I had changed more than anything else ! I— oh, auntie,' turning away — ' I cinnot marry him.' The elder lady jumped out of her chair. 'Well,' she cried, harshly, 'this is. awful! This is worse than . any thing I ever thought of. Are you .deft of your senses ? I have mistrusted you were brood ing over something all this time. What do you mean ? Why, you can't break with him now. Nothing has happened to make you change. And as for George Lathom — everybody knows he is the sort that never changes. George ! Why he is simply the loveliest fellow that ever breathed, and he is dead in love with you, too — ' ' I know it !' cried the girl, sobbing. ?' Don't say it,' you make me wretcheder. But I can t, can t marry him I ; 1. didnt understand when I promised; it was an awful mistake, and now—oh, what can I do !' ' ' Do ?' cried her aunt, Impetuously. 'There is no question of what you should do. You should get over these ridiculous hysterics as fast as you can, and understand that it doesn't, answer for a woman to lead ' a man on, ' as you have George Lathom, and then turn rotind and put a knife in him by saying she didn't realise what she was about, and isn't to be bound by her promises. You surely must have some sense of honor in you ! You foolish child,' softening a little as she cast a perplexed glance at the tear-stained face — 'you foolish child, J believe you don't know what you are saying. I am not going to speak another word about it. I am going to leave it for your father to settle— and George. You are worn out. Go to sleep, and wake up in yonr right mind/1 and with fierce kindness she pulled a shawl over the girl's knees, gave it a quick, angry tuck at one side, and rustled out of the room. It was not many days later that Heleu sat by her father's couch. She had been reading to him, but the story was finished, and her hands lay clasped In her lap as she stared into the blazing fire. The sick man regarded her face covertly, and at last spoke : 'Helen!' She raised her heard wttn a start. 'My dear, I have been debating whether or not to speak to you of something your aunt has said. She doubts there is trouble between you and George. Are you. willing to tell me what it is ?' Her eyes filled with tears. ' I will tell you if you like, papa,' she answered, gently, ' but it will do no good. Nothing c«n do any good. I have promised to marry George, and I — do not love him. I did not know it before. I liked him very muoh. We are all so fond of him. I have known him all my life. I thought I would be very glad to pass the rest of it with him; and then you and Aunt Nellie were so pleased, and all my friends said it was just the right thing. I thought I was very clever to have suited every one and arranged everything so nicely. I was con tented with myself, and contented with George too, and I know still how good he is, and how kind, and how sensible— it isn't that I don't; like him — but, papa, I cannot, cannot marry him.' She stopped short, looking at her father with appealing, miserable eyes. - He turned restlessly on his couch before he answered, io an unsteady voice : 'Helen, this is something very, ..strange. You seemed so contented, so happy. Tell me when it was that you began to change 1 It is not-r-well — it does not happen often that one gets such a sudden enlightenment about one's own feelings, except through haying seen — through having met — some one else. And yet I know that is impos sible. Yon were away from me Such a little ;time, and your aunt says— I have asked her, dear; you must forgive me— ^ that there was no one, no one you met that could possibly have had the least interest for you. Helen!' and suddenly the sick man sat upright on his couch, and she buried, her face in her hands. ' He watched her intently, then sank back with a smothered groan. Presently he said, N 'My daughter, it will be better to tell me everything.' ' I will, papa, I will,' she cried. ' But it seems as if .there .were nothing to-tell. It. is nothing, nothing, , and I never can make you understand., I cannot, see my self why it has changed .me so. Only when you ;were so. sick? and. I sailed over here last night— when Aunt Nellie was so frightened about me, you L know — it was a young fisherman .that brought me. I think if it had ? been anyone else, we should have gone to the bottom a dozen times over. He was very brave, papa; I don't think he cared much whether he went down or not, ex cept for me. But I was no more frightened than I am sitting in this room, because I knew it was impossible for harm to come to me as. long as he was there. You and Aunt Nellie, have always taken such care of me, and kept me in safe places, and then all of a sudden I was away from you, in danger— and -,1 liked It. I liked to see the waves come curling up as if; they wanted to catch us, and to, have the gusts take the boat and half overturn; it. I don't know how to describe it, but it seemed to me as if everything before had been different from my true self,, and at .- last, for the first time, I was where I be longed.' She stopped a moment, then went on slowly : 'Andiever since it seams to me impossible to come back ta.tne tfrlnga that used to be. At night, papa, I ,wake up dreaming of, the big waves andthej||||, and I am so. happy.vwhen I . awakj^^pi then I feel that everything aronndj||||li8 quiet and safe, and comfortable, ana ||l|m so. wretched .that I lie and cry as if^ne saddest.;.,.thing;in the. world, was to be safe ?among friende.' 'Tell me more ;about the young, fisher man, ;H,elen,' said her ; father, . ..His, face vyas gloomy. But Helen did not see it; sho had risen ' .and. was , standing before, tha fire, ..her . countenance irradiated, by its glow, x\ and rstill more. from. Borne aoft brightness,. that shone from within. f- I .don't know;,. what to, say, papa,' ^be answered, lingering, on the words. 'I Jiiced, him very ; much. He iav, different irom other people.' ' It isn't possible that he is a .gentle man 1 ' questioned herrfather. 'No, he is not a gentleman,' ,she agreed. 'Is he a respectable, fellow ? W^ell behaved?' ~ 'I do not know,' she said. ' I— -X am afraid — not always.' '. Oh Helen ! ? But is he ambitious ? Does be mean to rise? Is he going to make anything of himself ,? ' ' I do not; think he cares.' ' And yet you say you like him ?? .But ? you have seen him only for a. few hpure. What can you know of him ?'' ' I know I liked him,' she responded, softly. ' I dare say he was a clever fellow,' re joined her father, watching her .from be neath the hand which shaded his eyes. ' Of course you will never meet him.. again, but we will wish him good luck for the care he took of you. I must remember to acknowledge what he has done for us. W-He brought you back to mo through great danger, from all I can. hear. . 1, will send him a handsome present.' 'No, no, papa,' she repeated, plead ingly. 'He wouldn't like it. I can't r let you wound him so.' ' How can you know what he would^ like]' asked, the other, gravely. She faced him, her cheeks, flashed, her eyes suffused. 'Papa,', she said, softly, 'what is the use of talking like that? You are. only doing it to see what I will ' say. But I will not let you, all the same. You shall not hurt him.' ' Take care, Helen,' retorted. her father. 'It is you who would hurt him. ¥ou don't know what harm you can do, child. It is well for the young fellow that you are not going to meet again.' ' You are so sure,' she cried, iinpetu .Qualy, 'and I—I am not sure.' She turned away. Her father paused a moment, then spoke slowly, hesitating over each phrase. 'My child,' ho said, 'lam sorry for yon. Ifc is better to face the truth. You have taken some strange fancy for this hero — girls have such freaks sometimes. I grieve for the pain it costs yon. But yon must not make the great mistake of giving it too much importance. He has faced danger with you, and brought you safely through. The qualities he showed are Buch as would naturally appeal to a young girl's imagination. It is scarcely to be wondered at, much as we may regret it. But be sure there is nothing lasting in the feeling that you have now. It will pass.' ' No, ifc will not pass,' said the girl, quietly. ' Helen,' rejoined her father, impa tiently, 'you are a child, and don't know what you are talking of. The strongest feelings wear away with time — how much more this that has sprung up in an hour, — that rests on no real compatibility, no common interest ?' The girl shook her head. ' I think you do not understand,' she said sadly. 'And there is one thing that can never pass — I shall know always that somewhere in the world there is a man who is different from the others. George's faults iret me and annoy me; they always have and they always will; but this man's faults — I seem to know them by instinct, and yet they. could never fret me, because they are a part of him. What is it, father, what is it.' — she had turned and faced him with an ea£er,pitiful look— ' that has changed me ? so ? He is a fisherman, untaught, his ways are different from our ways, and yet I knew before I had been with him five minutes that through everything, and in spite of everything, I looked up to him — and I was glad to know it I' v ???;-? « My poor girl,' said her father, drawing her down on her knees besides him, and stroking her hair as she knelt with her face in the cushions — 'it is worse than I thought, but I can say only ciuel things. Nojnatte'r how you suffer, no matter how tthe feeling is, you will have to ne it. It is impossible. There is br word. Why even if this young oared for yon as truly as he well might, you could never live among fisher men ; it is one of the things that could not be. Nor could he live with gentle folk ; it would simply be torment for such a man as you describe. Generations of cultivation, of luxury, of refinement, have gone to make what you are ; and if you throw all this away, unhappines would be the only end — unhappiness for him as well as you. Do you think a fisherman would be contented who had a lady for his wife ? He would be the . most wretched mortal alive. And think of what you owe to me, to the aunt that reared you, to the friends who have sur rounded. you. My child, it is impossible. In time, if you are resolute, these wild thoughts will disappear. Don't think I am not sorry for you ; I am more sorry than I pare to say. But I know what must be the only end. Go, dear, and bathe your eyes, and come back and read to me again when they bring in the lamps. You are the one comfort of life, to me, -Helen. And we will say nothing about Georgo just now; there is no need to think of that painful business yet. Wait, and in time it may be easier to see what 1 should be done. Go, dear.' ? The weeping girl rose to her feet and left him. It was not many days before Bhe entered , ? the same room again to greet a strong ' thick-set man of almost middle age, with ' kind blue eyes. /? I have come,' he said, as he took a seat beside her, ' because both your father and your aunt have written me to come. I should not have done it of myself — I would rather have waited for you. But as they sent for me I am here, and now I ' want to say only one thing. I have known for some time, both because you did not write me, and then because when your let ters came they were so changed, that some thing had gone wrong, and I had a fear that the trouble conoerned me. What I gathered from your people confirmed it, and now my strongest reason for answer ing their summons was to assure myself that you are nob being made unhappy for my sake. You are not to think that I ever question what you say or do. If it is any thing concerning our engagement that dis turbs you, dear, take all the time you want. You' need not speak to me until you are ready. I will wait.' 'You are too good,' cried the girl.' ' Too good. You make it harder. I did not want them to sond for you ; I did not want tp think of the ptuu I must give you. I— I. know you care for me, and that I am going to make you unhappy. Oh, George, I don't know how to say it, but I thought I liked you very much, and now — I know. I have been mistaken all this time. I never, never shall be able to love you as you want me to.' She hid her face in her hands. ' I was afraid I was going to hear some thing like this,' he said. ' But you must not be too hasty. I am speaking for your sake. You have thought about those things too much at a time when you had no' strength to think of anything. Wait, and do not be troubled ; if you want to send me away in two or three mouths, I will obey, but not now. I am going to take things a little in my own hands ; you owe me that privilege, at any rate. Not as your lover, but just as the old friend that I have alwaya been.' ' No,' she cried, ' that will not do. I will not be such a coward as not to face it now. George, I owe it to you to .tell you everything, and I will do it now.' ' You need not, Helen,' ho said. ' Your father has told me what there wae to tell — it is nothing except as it makes you un happy.' ' No, he cannot have told everything,' she answered. ' He did not know it all. He will have told you how I sailed over that stormy night, and how it seemed to open my eyes to all sorts of new ideas — the world has looked like a different world to me ever since. But you have not heard what — what you have the best right to know. When we came over, before I came into the house ' — her voice sank lower and lower — 'oh, I was so sorry for him going back into the cold and the storm without me, and he had brought me safe through it all, and I — I-r-George, I — kisaed him.' Her voice had quite died away. Lathom could seo only the clear outline of her cheek, ibr her lace was turned from him. For a moment there was silence. The man got up and moved restlessly about. Pre sently he said— ' Thnro is no use pretending that you have not pained ma a great, deal more than you can know. But, Helen, I still hold to what I had said. You are rny promised wife. I have lovod you for a great many years, we! I love you now. I will not lot you go, and I will not give up my care for you until I know that it is best for you. 1 will not trouble you in any way — it shall all be just as it was a year ago, when I had not spoken to you. But before the world let the engagement stand. till we are all more sure of ourselves. It is what your father and your aunt both wish. And you owe me something, Helen. I beg it for my sake, too.' 'I am giving you all such terrible trouble,' she said. ' I do not mean, to be as bad as I seem. I will do what you want. But I think ? you are mistaken. You never can turn me bank into the old Helen again.' III. The morning had dawned fair and soft on a sunny day of early April. Yet a gale was blowing from the south-west, flecking the water with white caps, and streaking it with a broad sheet of foam where the breakers crashed on North Eip. The air was full of tbe clamour of the waves, and eweet with the warm, damp smells of spring. On the sand dunes looking out to sta eat half-a-dozen men, their rough faces reddened with the wind, their watch ful eyes instinctively keeping an outlook on the horizon.. They were the same who had watched Helen start on her perilous trip half, a year before. Now they had crossed the island to tisb. on the Kip. But the water was too rough ; even a dory could hardly live in such a sea, and they eat on the dunes and gossiped in the sun shine and the wind. One called the atten tion of the rest to a white sail far off shore. ' I declare if that isn't Jack Maverick,' be said. ' So 'tis,' cried another. ' It'a his old Gipsy; he hasn't been out in it since last fall. What in thunder makes him take her out in a blow like this? I thought Jack had sobered down so he'd got over all them reeky ways.' ' So did I,' confirmed a third. ' But I guess we was all mistaken. That's the foolhardieflt thing 1'vo seen him do yet. Worse'n takin' that girl over to the main last year. He got her over all safe though. I wonder what she give him. He never said, and Jack's ouo o* them felloru you doe'fc feel free about askin', Friendly too, but he don't want no one meddlin'. It must V been a good sum, for I hear phe was monstrous rich. Her father's just died, they say, but it, don't seem to V. stopped the weddin' none, for Miss Ourtis up to the hotel told me yesterday she'd just got the weddin' cards. She was a high-stepper, i£ ever there was one, an'ttiey say the man she's married's another. What's his name 1 Miss Curtis told me, but I forget — George — George— some- thing.' ' Lathom, it was— ^George Lathom,' put in a man at one side, who was lying at full length, shading'his eyes to watch the sail. ''Miss Curtis mentioned it to my wife. . They say shs was married at her father's death-bed. . I tell you, though, Jack's goin' it — just see her whiz !' ' If it was any other man I sh'd say he'd ^ capsize certain, between that wind an' the swell. But Jack'll come out all right He's been takin' too much stock in himpelf lately to throw it over. He know's what he's about.' ' ' He has turned a corner, hasn't he ?', said a fourth man, who had been silent 'No one ain't seen Jack drink a drop fer half a year. He, seemed to stop off all of a sudden like ; I didn't know the boy had it - ?; in him., Everyone knew he was smart, but I hadn't really never thought he'd come to anything much. But look at the way he has worked at his books all winter, and just got' his master's certificate. It wasn't luck at all, his gettin' that place on the Betsy B. just now. The captain fairly ' begged him to go second officer. Sails day after to-morrow, I hear, and Jack's took a share in the cargo — he had a little money saved up.' ? They fell silent for a while, watching the sail as it passed swiftly in front of the dhore. Eich time tbe hull sank in the trough of the waves it looked as though the sea, were swallowing it at last. 'Where's Jaok bound, I. wonder?' said - '. one, a little anxiously. ' He's only just mtside the Eip — I can't see what he wants to go so close for.' 'He's crazy,' shouted another. 'His boat '11 swamp before he can look round ! Now, what's he turned that way for? She'll jibe right on top of that next breaker. Good Lord, she's over !' They were all standing with pale faces strained forward. By one impulse they broke into a run across the heavy sand and launohed their dory. The next moment a huge breaker had overturned her, and thrown the men out on shore. They shook v themselves. ' It's no use,' they said. 'Jacks done 9 for. He couldn't keep afloat o' the Rip a minute the way it is to-day. How did it come to happen 1 He did it himself certain. But whatever could 'a made him change bis course, an' run straight on to Great Rip in a rage, an' then steer her so's she'd , ;' jibe?' ' It almost looka as if he'd done it know- , in' what must come,' said the old man, heavily. The others looked horror-stricken. ', 'Oh no !' cried one ; ' it couldn't 'a' * been that. Jack had everything to live for. See how successful he'd just been en' everything was openin' up before him. There wasn't nothin' he couldn't have had in time — an' he knew it. See what a sort of proud look he'd got on his face since he'd been doin' so well. It wasn't that, you may be sure — but what could it 'a' been ? ' They stared at each other with blanched - cheeks. It is those who live by the sea who feel its terrors most. '- Maybe the flood-tide '11 bring him ashore at the Point,' they said. But it did not. Tbe wreck of the Gypsy washed up on tbe sand, but Maverick was never seen again. How the bankruptcy business strikes a child of nature. In reading an interesting paper on J' Insolvency,' at the Bankers' In. atitute, Melbourne, on Thursday, Mr. H. Gyles Turner told the following story : — A Maori chief who had lost £40 through a white store keeper going through the court, 'was ex plaining his loss fco his countrymen, and this is the way he did ifc :— ' The pakeha (white man) who wants to become pakarapu (in solvent) goes into business and gets lota of goods, and does not pay for them. He then gets all 'the money he can together, say £2000, and puts all of ifc, exoeT-t £5, away where no one can find ifc. With the £5 ha goes to a judge of the court, and tells him he wants fco become pakarapu. The judge then calls all the lawyers together, likewise all the men to whom the pakeha owes money, and he says, 'This man is pakarapu, bub. he wishes to give yoii all he has gofc, and bo he has asked me to divide this J £5 among you all.' The judgo thoroupon gives the lawyors £4, and the romaining £1 to the other inon. Then the pakeha goes home,' 