TERRIBLE BURNING ACCIDENT. A SYDNEY ,LAN FALLS .ON A HOT STEAM PIPE IN -A BATH i HIS FLESH `ADHERED TO THE PIPE LIKE A ST'EAK TO, A.FRYINGPAN. SWhile in a bath in Pitt-street;a'M r. Jarvis had the misfortune to slip and and fallon the lt; water pipes, and before he' could be rescued he, was scalded and burnt in a terrible way. The shock of the burning and the fall proved to he very disastrous for Mr. Jarvis, and for a number of years after he iwas a confirmed invalid, suffer= ing. terrible from locomotor ataxi.a atnd other forms of paralysis.- A fewi., months ago, however; reporits began to. be circdlated in the neighborhood ithat Mr. Jarvis was getting round again, and thatk he had had a most mar vellous recove'y frdai this apparentlyf,, ineurable malady. It was on account of these rumors that a special ?epoter from. the Sydney "'Worker" iwas d?s patched to get all information= regard ing same, and one afternoon he made' his way to his house,, 45 rowun-lane, Ultimo. Mlhr. Thos. Jarvis was discover-, ed nursing a two-year-old baby,and his face dlcluared him one of the happiest men in Sydney. J?i was up and about, and able to answer the knock at. t'he door. Although pslA and bearing still a few marks of a critical illness and a period of pain, it was veir clear that he was an invalid no more. In reply to the preliminary questions. he said ".You want to. know 'ali about my case ' Well, I .in glad of an opportunity to tell you. The fatcs:may be of value°to those who are'stricken as I was:',' Sflo~v, orig? were, goui~suff'euini" T' " Well,;-tweive.moths ag. Tos T so t bad'thatI had to leaver'off:.;ork,: and I hav donie nothing, since -then,' ,Abioutb'f&years; ago: next: Christmas :'I met witha?nr: accident I was badly scalded while aking at Pitt street, Sydniev. ' Since tho'accident I have, een in failing health, and after - =:four years of gradual developient .of the malady, ITFwas torced to dive u : my billet at the Glebe Island.,, '"' What were the symptomi s "' -I : Simply; indescribable. Th.,e pains were isoimething i te'rill&e;: -'They: were ju;'4bout as much as ?I could beasi ha ey'uere for all the world :like, asf asa'w were cuttingmy bones in two inevery part of me ,I hadini contrro Sover my bowels or bladder ald was, at nuisance to myself and ?veryone else 1 was isucessantfy shlai iiing and shak ing, and could neither: eat ynor sleep. Ona tee 23rdi March last I~saiw a .well: known doctor, and he told.methat my ca se was ' utterly hopeless.isilHovever, lie gave ins order to thl? )I.recto of Charitable Institutions."-. ir is,;1,if i . Did you make use of thei,order ?" " No; I camle home and went to bed and have been prettywellin bed-ever since: .Five weeks ago, Icould not walk across thie floor,; in fact, I could not get out of bed.I'felt then that it was all over.with me, and only,.as qustion of days jwienh I would gsve.u~ut Ie, ghost My doctor was attending,, me, and did all lie could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony:I ,w.as in ..?was;underihi'm.for.five oresixi weels. He cathe to the conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxiy, or ;progressive locomotbor ataxia, -aa disease of the spinal, chorid, chiaric terized by pecular disturbances of gait,i and difficulty in co-ordinating vyolun ,tary mnovements. -Hei told me,,,that I nmight lasf t for tei years iidn tl?ah :I might never get the use of my of g (Just.than the patient kicked,his ;legs 'about :with energy to' show z>; that. medical opinion is not infallile)Well, just ass a drowning man will grasp at aI trailri ?aIsped at rantidea conveyed. by ?ihe advertisementmi desciibing the , cure effecte&d; in tle case of, another boilerimaler in .Eglanld, w hclil' read in the:"Australian: Workman", byrDr. Williams Pink Pills for Pale People: I reid in the advertisseientof' a case which seemed to fit. my owi.' I deter mined to give the Pills a trial anyway, and sent fora hio'./lThe effeit ifaeras marvellous as itwas. magical. w ias ableto ieatand aleep'ias-thoali h'noth ing was the .matter:;with .me...It waS' \--the first, 'sppetiteariiid rest 1I' had- for' many a day. I inacnredible: I imtnediately left-th'" bed and'iias able to move 'about. You' see thoise criitches there ? They are perfectly new, and I. liave never, used them. They were nmi de for iie before got Dir. Willins .s 'Pink Pills; hut I was too,weak to use: them; and now dent. wvant themt." "He is"100 per centibetter,"saidMllrs Jarvis;:who had come in 'and .taken "the baby 'oi 'her knees. "The Dr =illiins' PinkiPiils for PaleP ptle have saved his'lile, and made anotheri man of himin." " . ... _ . ......... A friend who called in at this pointl said that Jarvis looked , ten. y-ears :younger that day thnise did a ourt. night previous.:-,! ' . ' ; , :;'. "I, can;,,non" c,,.ontinued Jarvas, "have a codld bath, and a?ll 't:hbe feeling' has. coin~elack into_ myle?gs Iascribe' all the change and benefit?to Dr. Williams' :"Pink 'Pills~:' They have saved rmy life. Taim ini no pain now S'hbate?ei;,' aid feel'li like anev'mpado. .On the mantlepiece tl'I'ereas n bhoxtof' opium and morphia pills wclii1ii'he doctor "ave me to deaden the exeruci. ia;tim" pain i':.But they can tyi'wh;ci k eis .they are, for I no.longer nee d, ihem. Everybody who knows imnes his:bleen inamized?at'tihe change in ime. They cin liardily believe their eyes : My Ibeing aboutla~aiin'has'.caused quite a?. sensatiofut'hlere,:'.'. ?.?&d; - Such isthmis tlsremarkabeht it cpnfirln"swhat is said in alli'tclhii'f' a :mi'wspxp~esr of this-. ountmfy of_-the'A -astnishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy,, partial paralysis, anrd spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of blood, such as anemiia pale ard sallow complexions general muscular weakness, indigestion loss of appetite, shoirtness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache. etc. Mr. J. S. T. IM'Gowen, leader of the Labhor Party in the N. S W. Legislative Assembly, was seen by our reporter in cennection with the remarkab?le case. of Thomas Jarvis. Mr. M'Gowen says he has known Jarvis from infancy He also knew that lie had to give up :his work at. Glebe Island abattoirs .twelve months ago owing to ia malady .wlhich he developed. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was bedridden, mnd that there was little chance of his recovery. He understood Jarvis was refused admission to Sydney Hospital as his case had been pronounced incurable. nMr.M'Gowen was, therefore, like everyone else who knew the facts, astonished at.-:the complete recovery of Jarvis. ' These wonderTul pills are obitainiable firoi'nleadinh 'chemists, or froin the Dr°Williams' Medicine Co.'- Flinde~rs 'stret Alelbourne,. who will foIw lrd, post paid, on receipt; of stamps .or post order, one box for 2s. 9d., or dhalt a 'donn: fDr. ýSs. 3d. Se tlhat thn? eui?s"Dri. Williams' are gotten.: : 