THE HUNTER. BIG GAME HUNTING IN AFRICA. AN ADELAIDE SPORTSMAN IN SOMALILAND. ■ The following are extraets'from a lette* leeeived from a well-kniotfii Adelaide RnnrtanTUiH, ivlio )i?>3 j'isfc finished' a Shoot< ing trip in SomaUlahd:— . - v-.: ,. . In this country there is fcnyvamotmt oil game if you like to work , for it. Our bag consisted of tliree elephants, $b£ lionsv tivd Jionesses. two live cubs—which I hadn't know what to do witli-^chOetab, leopard, ostrich, greater and lesser koodoo, oryx. uouwu/; ttiiu leaser jumuuui hartebeest, and sis sorts of gazelle. I got moBt of tne luck, as Ibaggea eight of the lions and caught the cubs, _ be&iaes; getting » gettin_ two elephants, which was the limit for'one .gun. the shikari here is an awful fraud. He knows nothing about'the habits of game unless he is a Mldgan, a low-caste fellow, who lives by huniing with bows ana poisoned arrows. His -only good point is that he has wonderful sight, and can see beasts in the jungle. He gets tremen dously excited when he notices anything, 'and he always wants you to shoot. Even if it is a small head or a doe he says "Shoot," just as if it is a lion of an elephant, though the animal's head may be away from you. I got rather sick of my shikaris, and just let them carry my rifle and "did shikari myself, and found I Was more successful for it. We had exciting times with elephants and lions. The usual; dodge with lions was to get as near as possible, even within ten yards, and shoot the beast through the head. I whs reurly caught one day, by a lioness who had cubs. C had gone out after koodoos, and I was waiting on the chance of kufiber, when a camelman happened to sec the tracks of a lioness and two cubs going to a hill close by. I gathered the men for a beat, and promised '20 rupees to the one who should spot the lioness in a cave. (The hill was granite, and had a lot of holes like those in the rocks at Port Elliot.) Presently one of the men whistled, and I went to the place he was standing over. It. was a nasty spot, formed by a big rock fallen down ' from the top of the hill and propped up by another rock with some bushes round it. The cainelman told me that he had seen the lioness and two cubs at the entrance, and that they had gone in. I was not in any hurry to follow, hut tried to look in from every side. The cave sloped upwards where it was dark, and there was an opening at another side. I peeped round the comer, and at last I thought 1 could safely look by going be hind a big stone inside the cave. When 1 got belli ml it ] saw the hind part of. the lioness lying at the ton of the cave, her head and the vest -of tier body being be hind another stone. J- considered a bit, ami came out and tried everything to bolt her, but nothing answered; so in I went again. This time she had shifted round, and her tail was the other way, her head out of sight facing ■ towards the big en trance. Well, J thought, if I fire at her pelvis it would disable her, or she would charge out of the cave at the beaters, who were shouting and talking on the rock overhead, 8o 1 fired and ducked behind the big stone. She did not utter a sound, but 1 thought J heard her drag her hind quarters. J peeped over the rock and could not- see anything, as she had gone higher up the cave." ' I felt a bit lonesome and canie out for a breather. 'The head man in the meantime had come up the hill, and f told him T bad wounded her. He said, "Will J send Somali into caveV" 1 said "'So." Then the fun began, i went in, anil he insisted on coming .with a spear and a hunt ing knife. We got behind the big stone, .mil f told him to stop there. 1 crept a lif.'Je.to the right, and between two stones 1 could see the lower part, of the chest, of the lioness. She was shove me, as the bill sloped upwards. ] had io leave, the big stone about five yards. ] got as low as I could, and fired at her chest. There was a terrible roar, and } bolted for my big stone. The Somali had come alongside of mo as I was going to fire, and was in the way of my retreat, lie covered his retreat by holding out the spear in one hand and the hunting knife, in the other, and as I went for the big stone 1 got the knife in my lower jaw near the ear. The blood spouted all over my face and neck, and I thought he had fetched my carotid. I had lime to anathematize him as he lr>olted out of the cave, and 1. after him, hanging on to my jaw, and the lioness after nie. As 1 came out 1 turned t;o the left ijuiekly, hoping the lioness would catch the Somali. 1 slipped on some aloe and fell down about 20 fed, picked myself up, and stood behind a rock. Here I found my carotid was not cut, so I climbed up, and found the lioness dead at the mouth of the cave. Luckily my first shot broke both of her hind legs at fho hip, and she could only drag her self, or 1 would have been xiaugbti for a certainly. J then looked for the cubs, ami found them higher up in the cave. A camel man took a spear up and knocked the eye out of one-the lion of course. The two little beggars ate playing under my bed now—they are about as big as collie dogs, hut much more solid, 'i hey don't like while people, and always snarl at them. f had another day in a <*ve. We had seen six lions on the same hill, and had shot two, avid nothing could be^ found of the others. There were a lot of tumbled rocks near the top of the hill, and T left the shikaris on these rocks arguing whether a lion f had just tipped wath a bullet and - bad killed was his or mine. I climbed down to look at a cave which 1 thought ('- — and his shikaris had been in, and looking round a rock I. saw two lionesses and a big o:ub with their heads up listening to tipr shikaris overhead. I gammoned jha), J -did not'1 *T. ealli see tlu'in, and lighted out. T called up to., (1- - and told him 1 had' found thyee.T' and fold him to look out for a bolt. J. bad seen the bans through a.small and there were two large oneiiincs-on other -ude of the lave. J let fly at the nearest head, -and it dropped. I waited (ill the smoke cleared, ami gave tne leir. to the other-head, and it dropped. The curt bolted, but <' 'a chance was spoiled by the beaters yelling and turning it. back. -<> days We found a splendid lion two days after on the same hill. I could have shot him once, hut f thought (' would get a ' shot, at him. He was walking across a flat rock sixty yards off, and looked a boomer. However, he got away from one bill, and we tracked him for four boms, and ended by finding him asieep under some thick bushes, where hurst his skull for him at about ten .yards off. He was a real beauty, with a thick mane, for a wonder. 'That week—the week before Christmas — we bagged six lions and lionesses and caught two cubs. Our best day with lions was good fun. We bad moved very close to the Abys sinian frontier,and J meant to poach their lions, as the Abyssinians had sent me a letter to sav that I was not to come near their borders. We had heard lions roar ing there, so off we went with a small 753 gfr Jjyhefre the lions •hhdi icillf^l $$s$F' ^^JBOW^JSSOTli^S^^wS^^^WwfiSP" ^^p(^ifllfaCp3i^ ^i^i36®|i«la^ihi^^tiigB: other tracks joined them,'the whole .four v ^oii^ towards a large *wopdedJMT;Tha^ '"! %]i£^ed v$o k^rchangea^tiiSf vriunaB,1and f ijnade for- the open :«ouhitiy, ^eraTsdH-j £ Mt^ifthoi^Tti^efi - weii Jdotted -, heicd; nand ihe^fSk^ive #cpe following"' the tracks -'fisjmiT 3»»d«? ; ■ jE; thorn=trEe, ana liedovvn in the shade Again. Shortly after another rose ahd T'did'lhesame. vWe loaded oiir -rifles and grass, tyas high, and; as Igot near - there >. . seemed to> be' heaps of lions lying; in the shade. ~ It tras • 0-—'« - shot "iSrat. so > lie picked his lion and T went round to one 'side where I could get a fair shot at ; another. Bang! went his rifle, and I just row the lion had not moved when I let fly at mine, which put np its head at . his shot. Down it went, and I Jet "fly at the nearest lion that was going off. Down It came too. I saw another lion bounding off at about 320 yards, and I loaded one barrel as . cpiickly as I could and snapped at him, and down he fell also. I thought It very- fine Bport—-three lions in three shots —and J was talking to C—-, who was about 30 yards off by the tree, and saying that the sport did not last long, when sud denly X saw a native who had .come up by me bolt, and the shikari yelled out, "He Js coining." I hod not loaded. I looked round and saw lion No. 4 coming at mc with great bounds and grunting hombly. _ His mane at every bound stood up'in the air, and he looked horribly comical. I was feeling for my cartridges in my pocket when No. 3, who was a , lioness, seemed to jump out of the grass about 30 yards off, and lead the charge on me. I thought it very unfair at the time, but I never counted on C . I had just got loaded when there was a scattered volley from his party at the tree. My shikari was amongst them, and the big lion stopped and fell, O— having got his rifle off at last. The lioness was not to be denied, and I broke her back about IS yards off. The shikaris had shot the .303 oif without orders, and had not touched a hair. I felt very much re lieved when we had the lions all stiff. I had broken No. 4'g Jiock witli my first shot, and the lioness I had hit in the stem, the bullet—a hollow front- with a small hole—had not raked her as a solid one woiild have done, but stopped in the stomach after breaking the bind leg high up. The three lions had manes, and the h'mcsg was very thick set and muscular. \\\ c had ten miles to go to camp, and did not go tlierc-till after dark. Our men were very uneasy about the Abyssinians, and, as our. water ran out alter another week, we shifted back. We never saw any more lion tracks, but there were thousands of hartebeest, gazelle, oryx, and other animals. We did not soot any, as shooting hartebeest is like shooting cows. We covered miles of coun try looking for lions, and the news came tiiat there were two near the big creek: so we went back to find the report only a ruse to fetch us from the Abyssinian bolder. The Somali are in a terrible funk over the Abyssinians, and I tbinlc that if an Abyssinian had turned up they would lo ve all bolted. The sport J liked best was hunting ele phants. We were very lucky, as they generally stop in the reserve; hut it liap jicned to ram and f.ll up some of the wnterholes, and the elephants went out there. We got news that they were water ing, so we moved camp. The first day I went by myself, as C was not well. I started off at 5 a.m.—there was hoar frost on the ground—and made for the country where the elephants had been -seen feed ing the day before. The Somali shikaris know absolutely nothing about elephants <>!' hunting them, and of course wanted to go down wind. However, after nsing all language J had command of in fi uidostanee and English, I made them go well down wind before we struck up for the thick jungle. It was lucky that T didf for we had hardly got into it, and I had sent one man up a tree to 3ook round, w.oen we heard an elephant trumpet not ipiartor of a mile away. The shikaris wanted to go straight for the trumpeter, which was to one side of us, and which would have given the elephants our wind. 1 took charge then, and took a round, and came up, and could hear the elephant breaking trees down. I got nearer, and ►aw a mob of them not 100 vards off. ! here were two calves about the size of n hippo, close to me. The scrub was com peted of thorn trees about fifteen f< ct high, hard to see through, J!,',"1 , impossible to _ run through. J he shikaris the whole time were whisper ing, 'Shoot! shoot!"—their only idea of a shikari s duty. I got closer, and saw the bjsjgOHtcjcphant of the mob. He was stern on, and the shikari was at my elbow, and kept saying,, "Shoot! shook!" After gently reminding him that bis advice was not wanted, I waited till the elephant slewed round and showed me his ribs and J gave him a 10-bore steel-cored bullet behind the shoulder. He whipped round in a fury, trumpeting like anything, tear mg oown a bree, and kicking up no end of n siime. The other elephants stampeded a Abort way, and then came back to one side \- of me. I was looking out for another bull, when J saw him coming through the bushes at me. He had.his trunk up,'and there was bloody froth at the end of it. I reckoned it time to quit, and ran down wind, so as to get a shot at his shoulder again. Mr. Eiephant ploughed on, and then stood trying the wind with liis trunk. gi0ti UP fairly close, and gave him a right a mi left m the ribs, and ditto with the other nfle. This did not seem to affect lumnt all. Jt was like shooting at a bay stack. nnd*rmparenty made just as much impression on him. He walked on for a few yards, and then stood under a small tree, and laid down and died. The other elephants in the jiihntime were loafing round, and T ran oiX to get a shot at another; but I could not shoot at a bull, as a big row and calf were in the way as they retreated. After chasing them till I was blown I gave it up. The elephant I shot 'vas pretty large, but his tusks were small. 'The elephants in this country have wry poor tusks, as the feed for them is rot too plentiful. Several blank days fol lowed this. We URiiaiiy started at a a.m., and did not get back till 7 p.m., travelling the whole time. (A !'>w days afterwards two men anrl C and self went out further. At last wc came on fresh elephant tracks. They were another herd, and we saw some natives who had seen them that, morning. We cantered after their tracks, and pre sently heard a trumpet. Off we got, and stalked them. They were larger elephants than in the other mob. I acted shikari, and got up close- to them, and was look ing out for the biggest for C when he could not roe 1st his shikari's aupeal of IShoot! shoot!" and let flv at one, hit ting it too far back. J pulled at his ele pnaiit with my left barrel, hut the rifle Would not go off. I had alreadv loosed 754 ^{keSthe shikaris lost} ?and, Ahe ^thepi5S<>ttiall - hfrvrtr !ph^i8^-i^m^1lot.M^4:l>igg^r£|[^ir 0^r^p|;)|p^ .^^dj^sr^Siii V4W' nght;>iwhichfei»xraea"^ gave luin tlie left cn theotheraide. sHe . eventually gave up.the ghost on ~;G—r^ii shooting him in. front .of the left ear. ,0n our return .six ^eelca 'after we heard that C-^?e elephant had been found and the tusks taken; so I told the headman to get - them. He threatened to loot the village nearest to the dead elephant, and the tusks were brought in'next day.; All the ^ elephants had cleared hack to the reserve; so we did not get another. Four were afl we were allowed to kill. 