ISLAND FEVER AT SEA. —°— ARRIVAL OF THE STEAMER MOUNT KEMBLA. HER DREW PROSTRATED. DEATH OF CAPTAIN AGUTTER IN THE BOAT. That the Now Guinea malaria is deadly at certain seasons the memorable story of the Royal Tar's death voyage of a few years ago, when the captain and more than half the crew died of it, and the ship was navigated by little better than the ghosts of men, was bad enough reading. So it was with the Sydney steamer Mount Kembla which left here but six weeks agone to day in command of Captain F. Agutter. The captain in the past had navigated all the fever islands without a day's sickness. In the vigour of health his constitution had proved impreg- nable to the Island malaria, and while he had seen much of it in his time his fortune was to have escaped it. And so thought the crew of the Mount Kembla. The story of the Mount Kembla's voyage was narrated to a " Herald" reporter yester day by Mr Robert Noaves, the chief officer, sitting in his cabin aboard the steamer soon after she brought up in Johnston's Bay. There was but one interruption-a melancholy one it was. A steam launch had ranged alongside the Mount Kembla conveying medical help and friends of the captain, but the latter was lying in his berth quite uncon- scious. He was lifted out and lowered into the launch, when it was noticed that a deathly change had taken place. He had been unconscious since Monday morning, and it was now Tuesday forenoon, still he was breathing. After getting his almost life less body into the steamboat another fever victim, one of the sailors, was helped in, and the launch came post-haste ashore. On the short run down the harbour the " death-rattle " was heard, and Cap- tain Agutter waa no more. Instead of taking him lo Little Bay Hospital, as had been arranged they carried him to the morgue, his heart-broken widow being on the wharf to meet him. The other mem- ber of the crew was conveyed to the hospital. THE CHIEF OFFICER'S REPORT " I shall bo glad to tell you all I can of our troubles, but I can scarcely stand, I m so weak , and what with pains in my head I don't feel up to much, I can assure you," said a stoutly-built man, Mr Robert Neavcs, boforo mentioned "The fact is I liavo boen fighting against it for the last three days, and what with the captain collapsing I hope never to make such a trip na wo had this time It was all nght going down to Now Guinea, and all right while we were thoro , but ive hadn't been three days away getting into the cold yy eather bofore the plague broke out amongst us WhotheT we picked it up in Samarai or Port Moresby or in German New Guinea I can't say YVo wore nine days running down to Samarai from Sydney,so you seo what can happen with fever aboard ship at sea between your port and a placo but nmo days steam from here Altogether wo Lnockod about on the New Guinea coast from April 29 to May 20-2.2 days YVo had on board from Sydney the building material for tho ícsidencc of the now bishop of Now Guinea, Bishop Stone-YVigg, for Collingwood Bay, stores and trade and other cargo for Bartle Bay, ¡samarai, Port Moresby, and coal and "It beef for the German warships for Tredenck Wilhelmshavon Alter getting clear of this yve loaded como back cargo at Samarai and Port Moresby, and finally left the latter port for Sydney U days ago to-day We had two lady passongora from the mission stations-Miss Walker and Miss Bilhnp/s-and Mr J b Stanley Ono of the ladies was bad with the fever , very sick indeed I think she has given up the job of missionary work in Now Guinea at all events tor a time Well, v?o came along from Port Moresby, as I yy as saving, suspect- ing nothing, whon two of tho sailors fell sick , next day three morp and so it went through the ship pretty much four or flvo down at a time off duty, but fighting against it aud swullowing quinine from the mcdiciue chest, but with not much boneflt Iho skipper fell sick only last Tnday, and to-day is but Tuesday, so you seo what Eort the ï»ew Guinea fever is I was shipwrecked last j oar in tho ship Tails of Garry on the £,eiy Cale Ionia coast in a hurricane, but giye mo tho big"est cj clono that ever bid- to this 'Well, on the Friday yvo were battliu" agnnst avery lumpy 6ea, though not much wind In leed, yy o bad had it pretty yy eil all down the Queens and coast, and the ship be ug light, not much cargo m her, things yvero pretty bad with Us I tin t"H vou, making poor headway to- ll ards port, coal running short, and fever knocking the crow off one after another Still, the fellows fought against lying np They don't like the idea of giyiug yvay to it believing that once they lia down to it it's nil up So we did the best we could to mako Sydney But the sea kept hard agjiiust us, aud as tho skipper was getting worse fast and no coal scarco in tho bunkers wo ian into Moreton Bay lor medicines an! coal There the captain was attended by a doctor, and tLough I offered to bring tho boat ou, ho to remain ashore until he felt batter, he thought he could shako it off as ho ueared home Poor fellow, ho was ilways ou duty and sym- pathising with the «ick men Well, when no left Brisbane (we had gone up for coal) coming down tho nvei the captain said he would bnng the steamer down min« elf without bothenng for a pilot, but ho found ho y-as not strong enou h to stand on tho bridge, and so vro took a pilot to Capo Moreton, where I took charge and, with the second mate, brought the ship to bydnsy There w ere but two of us at times on deck to navigate, steer,.and look out, and the engineers wcro about as short handed as we v. ero There aro 19 of us all told, live dock hands, and in my expenence at sea of over 20 years I ney er sav a better lit of mon Wo made tho passage two or three da) s behind time, under such circumstances as I hope will nevor agam oecnr to my shipmates or to any other» ' Tho chief oliccr said ho heard very little news at the island«. A gold rush was on at Samarai when they wera there at the end of Apnl Men were flocking to the Matnbare, bnt how much gold they n ore getting he could not siy The Mount Kembla brought three oi four packages of gold down from New Guinea, the valu" of whtch n as not stated THE LUE CAPTAIN AGUTTER When tho ne-va reached the shipping offices of the death of Captain Agu'tor many of the flags in town were lowered to halt mast, and at the quay the flags on board the Trench steamer lannis and on one or two othei vessels wera similarly lowored Ia tho Merchants' L "bange tho secretaiy (Mr Ha) es) posted the announcement of the death, and it was therejread yy ithregret bv many of the shipmasters, old personal friends ot the late master manner. Captain Aguttor in former years « as in the late Mr Mat Byrne's employ, in charge of one of the eaily penny ferry boats to Pytmout Ho afterwards went as mate of the Havilah, and from there to the Aldinga, yy hieb he commandai for somo time, subsequently succeeding Captain Lo Gay as master of the stcamor Mount Kembla Upon ono occasion ho hod a narran escape of losing his steani»r ot one of tin Southern coal ports, and m that instance he exhiijjteéj 30 yvell timed a judgment and exercised such marked skill by gctùnt; his vessel ayvay unlamaged and safe into port that the undorwntsrs made bun a handsome present on Ins returu to Sydney. Captain Agutter leaves a widow and four children, residing at North Sydney. 