THE GHOSTS OF WOODSTOCK f One of the best stories of a haunted house is- that which in related of the Royal Palace at Woodstock in the year 1649, when the commissioners sent from London by the Long Parliament to take possession of it and efface all the omblems of Royalty about it, were fairly driven out by their four nf f,h« rlnvil nnrt fch'n finnovanceR fchov suffered from a roguish cavalier, who played the imp to admiration. The commissioners, dreading at that bime no devil, arrivod ub Woodstock on the 13bh of October, 1649. They took up their lodgings in tho late King's apartments, turned tho beautiful bedrooms and withdrawing rooms into kitchens and scullerieB ; the council-hall into a brew-house, and made the dining room a place to keep firewood in. They pulled down all the insignia of Royal State, and treated with bhe utmost indigniby eveiything that reculled to their memory the name of the King. One Giles Sharp accompanied them in the capacity of clerk, and seconded their efforts apparently with the greatest zeal. He aided them bo uproot a noble old bree, merely because ib was called the King's oak, and tossed bhe frag; ments into the dining-room to make cheer ful fires for the commissioners. During the first two days they heard some strange noises about the house, but they paid no great attention to them. On the third, however, they began bo suspect bhey had got into bad company ; for they heard, as bhey thought, a supernatural dog under their bed, which enawed their bedclothes. On the next day the chairs and tables began to dance, apparently of their own ac cord. On the fifth day something came into the bed-chamber and walked up and down, and fetching the warming-pan out of the withdrawing-room made so much noise with it that they thought five church bells were ringing in their ears. On the sixth day the plates and dishes were thrown up and down the dining room. On the seventh day they penetrated into the bedroom in company with several logs of 'wood, and usurped the soft pillows intended for the commissioners. On the eight and ninth nights there was a cessation of hostilities, but on the tenth the bricks in the chimneys became locomotive, and rattled and danced about the floors and round the heads of the commissioners all the night long. On the eleventh the demon ran away with their breeches, and on the twelfth filled their beds so full of pewter platters thut they could -not get into them. On the thirteenth night the glass became unaccountably seized with a fit of cracking, and fell into shivers in all parts of the. house. On the fourteenth there was a noise as if forty pieces of artil lery had been Bred off and a shower of pebble -stones, which so alarmed the com missioners that, 'struck with great horror, they- cried out to one another for help ' They first of all tried the efficacy of prayers to drive away the evil spirits, but, these proving unavailing, they began seriously to reflect whether it would not be much better to leave the place altogether to the devil that inhabited it.- They ultimately resolved, however, to try it a little longer, and having craved forgiveness of all bheir sins betook themselves bo bed. That night they slept in tolerable comfort, but it was merely a trick of their tormentor to lull them into false security. When on the suc ceeding night they heard no noises they began to flatter themselves that the devil was driven out, and prepared accordingly to take up their quarters for the whole winter in the palace. These symptoms on their part became the signal for renewed uproar among the fiends. On the 1st of November they heard something walking with a slow and solemn pace up and down the wibh drawing-room, and immediately afterwards u shower of stones, bricks, mortar, und broken glass pelted about their ears. On the 2nd the steps were again heard in the withdrawinif-room, sounding to their fancy very much like the treading of an enormous bear, which continued for about a quarter of an hour. This noise having ceased, a large warming-pan was thrown violently upon the table, followed by a number of stones nnd tho jawbone of a horse. Some of the boldest walked valiantly into the withdrawing-room armed with swords nnd pistols, but could discover nothing. They were afraid that night to go to sleep, and sat up -making fires in every room, and burning candles and lumps in great abun dance, thinking that as the fiends loved darkness they would not disturb a company surrounded with so much light. They wore deceived, however, buckets of wuter came down the chimneys and extinguished the fires, and the candles were blown out, they knew not how. Some of the servants, who had betaken themselves to bed, were drenched with putrid ditch water as they lay, and arose in great fright, muttering incoherent prayers, and exposing ho tho wondering eyes of the commissioners their linen all dripping with green moisture, and their knuckles ted with the blows they had at the same time received from some in visible tormentors. While they were still speaking there was a noise like the loudest thunder or the firing of a whole park of artillery, upon which they all fell down upon their knees and implored the protec tion of tho Almighty. One of the commissioners then arose, the others still kneeling, and asked in a coura geous voice and in the name.of God who was there, and what they had done that they should bo troubled in that munner. No answer was returned, and the noises ceased for awhile. At length, however, as the commissioners said, ' the devil came again, and brought with it seven devils worse than itself.' Being again in dark ness, they lighted a candle and placed it in the doorway that it might throw a light upon the two chambers at once, but it wits suddenly blown out, and one commissioner raid thut he had *' seen the similtude of a horse's iioof striking the candle and candle stick into the middle of tho chamber, und afterwards making three escapes on the snuff to pub it out.' Upon this the same person was so bold as to draw his sword ; but he ? assorted positively that ho had hardly withdrawn it from the scabbard before an invisible hand seized hold of it and tugged with him for it, ..nd, prevail ing, utruck him so violent a blow with tho pommel thai; he was quite stunned. Then the noises began again, upon which, with one accord, they all retired into the pre sence chamber, where they passed tho night praying and singing psalms. They wero by this timo convinced thut it was useless to strugglo any longer with the powers of evil, that seemed determined to make Woodstock thsir own. These thingn happened on bhe Saturday night,' and, being repeated on the Sunday, they deter mined to leave the place immediately and return to London. By Tuesday morning early all theii preparations wore-completed, and, shaking tho dust off their feet, and de voting Woodstock and all its inhabitants to the infernal gods,, they finally took their departure. Many years elapsed before the true cause of these disturbances was discovered. It was ascertained at the Restoration that the whole was the work of Giles Sharp, the trusty clerk ~oi the commissioners. ThiB man, whoso real name was Joseph Collins, was u concealed Royalist, and had passed his early life within the bowers of Wood stock, so that he knew every hole and cor ner of the place, and the numerous trap doors and secret passages that abounded in I he building. The commissioners, never suspecting the true Btate of his opinions, but believing him to bo revolutionary to the backbone, placed the utmost reliance.upon him ; a confidence which he abused in the manner above detailed to his own great amusement and that of the few cavaliers whom he let into the secret. 