BEOA.DBKIM'S GREATER NEW TORE LETTER. In the Grand Salon at Paris some twenty years ago two superb pictures hung near the wain entrance, evidently painted by the same master hand. Just at this time they would be objects of especial interest, as they represented two of the most notable events in the history of Spain. One was "The last hours of Columbus" and the other was "The death of Pizzaro, the con queror of Peru." No two characters could be more opposite and yet, strange as it may seem, when it came to the final settlement both believed in the power of the church to absolve them of the consequence of any deeds done in the body, however inhuman or wicked. But the life of Columbus was, as matters were in his. age, one of upright reverence; his known, lapses from the straight and narrow path were such as did not bring1 Ktm within the pale of the church's or social condemnation. He had always been more or less a dreamer. The f^world on which he was living filled his thoughts by day and his dreams by night. That there was a somewhere in the unknown and unexplored far beyond, rich in gold, silver, and precious jewels, nobody doubted and each one supposed himself to be God's chosen instrument for the discovery, when ever it might be. In Columbus's life there seemed to be a peculiar fitness for his chosen mission. He married the daughter of a man who had made for himself a name famous in the field of geographical discovery. On his death Columbus became the inheritor of numerous carefnlly diawn maps of the earth's conformationr together with the relative. amounts of land and water, all of which were far in advance of anything that was known of the earth up to that time. Columbus travelled much; he visited Spain as a last resort, encouraged by reports of the progress she and Portugal were making in the new field of geographical discovery. At first the application was referred to the learned scholars of her colleges, by whom it was dismissed without a moment's examination, the pertinent question being asked him if he thought that such a magni ficent discovery could have escaped all the learned men and voyagers for thousands of years to be at last discovered by an ignorant person in a single day. Such an argument could not be answered, so the great discoverer was quietly brushed aside and, almost heartbroken, was compelled to bide his time. During all these suffering years ol waiting and disappointment there was one who watched his fortunes with unconcealed sorrow, but who, when it came to the last extremitv, v a: ready to make the sacrifice of her jewels to assist the ardent prophet in Bis voyage of discovery. But the grand picture told nothing of his previous history, bis glory and disgrace, ? He was now on his way to Seville a dying num. He had been waiting for months on a faithless court. The heartless enemies who had sent him home in chains were never punished. The Government that had robbed him of his great properties never made restitution, and there were times when, notwithstanding his reputed wealth, that he felt the pangs of pinebing poverty. The iron bad sunk deep into his heart and he felt that the end was not far off. His eyes turned toward Seville; there still lived his beloved* Beatrice, the mother of his j natural son Fernando, who, with his I brother Diego, the issue of his lawful wife, [ brightened his dying hours with their love. When he remembered the sacrifices she had made for him when he was poor and how completely he had forsaken her in the day of his power, when bis wealth was almost countless, his conscience troubled him and be resolved to visit Seville to make some restitution to the poor, wronged woman, who had ever remained faithful to her first lore. As he drew near the city of Seville, attended by his two sons, Fernando, the son of his beloved Beatrice, and Diego, his law ful son, he was seized with sudden and violent pains which compelled him to alight. Close at hand was a monastry, and when the pious monks learned who the distinguished traveller was he was taken to the monastry, where he was constantly attended to by the abbot, the monks, and his two sons, Fernando and Diego, up to ; the honr of his death. Alpiosfc his last act j i was to make provision for the mother of ? Fernando. Then, receiving the last rites of the church, he gave up the ghost. Columbus only survived his great dis covery eight years, and in that brief time distinguished honors were showered upon him. The Spanish Government in the end combined to rob him of them all. He died a broken-hearted man, the last days of his life being embittered and cursed by robbery, persecution and ingratitute, such as finds few parallels in the history of the world. So palpable was the infamy of the Government in confiscating the estates of Columbus and depriving him of his titles, which he had committed 110 offence to forfeit, that when after bis father's death Diego was compelled to sue the Govern ment for the restitution ot hie father's titles and his fortune. Every ease in the courts was decided against the crown, but notwithbtandiog that fact, the restitution to his descendants were never fully ma «. Just at this time the question is a ver y prominent one. By what right does Spai; hold Cuba or Porto Rico ? Or by what right did she once claim Mexico. Chili,or Peril? The only answer that she can truly give is by the riglit of conquest. WhenCortez landed in Mexico he found a civilised people, a well ordered and merci ful government. The people were not nomads, : but lived in cities, towns auu villages, or on* 'fine plantations which pro duced abundantly. Want among theui was a thing unknown. They had given n<. ] offence to.Cortez or his countrymen whicli ' should lay them liable to robbery and assassinationr;&ead; the plain, unvarnished ; tale as told by Prescott or any othe. reliable historian of the conquest of Mexico. When we read the sickening story of Spanish perfidy, of scenes of plunder and slaughter, we almost doubt the providence of God that permitted for one moment such crimes to go unpunished. If, then, the right of ownership by conquest is all they claim, what right have they to complain when Cuba, the Philippines or the Ladrones are torn from-their grasp by a hand more powerful and mora in touch with the advanced civilization that is ruling the world to-day. The so-called conquests of Mexico and Peru by Cortez and Pizzaro were acts of piracy, pure and simple, and if anything has occurred- among men since the begin ning of recorded time that will match the shocking brutality of Pizzaro's government in Peru, history has failed to record it. Francisco Pizzaro was the illegitmate son of a Spanish colonel and a peasant girl ot Estramadura. He was disowned by both his parents, and as soon as he could walk, he was thrust out on the streets, where he soon became a leader of a gang of Godless rnffians like himself-a band which kept the surrounding country in terror till at the age of 19, fired by the news of rich dis coveries of goldj silver, and precious stones, he succeeded in joining a party that was going to Hispaniola, which for several years became bis home. Hispaniola at this time was a favorite place for fitting out the pirate craft which cruised in the Spanish main, way-laying the rich argosies which transported the gold and silver secured in the rich mines of the new found Eldorado. Little it mattered to the piratical horde whether the loot was the property of friend or foe. EE it b?longed to men of j their own country, and they feared dis- i covery, efrory living soul on board the i argosy was made to walk the plank, the ! ship was scuttled, and thus all record of their piracy was wiped out and the treacherous waves closed over the sinking ship, their favorite motto being " Dead men teil no tales." Beaching Hispaniola at an when impressions easily made are the strongest and most enduring, Pizzaro was not long in forming associations that influenced the whole of his after life. The island swarated with pirates fresh from the Spanish main, rich with the loot of vessels they bad plundered on their cruise. Fugitives from justice from every country on the face of the earth here sought shelter and protec tion, as being without the pale oi the law. In the evening when they came together to drink and smoke and tell stories, Pizzaro was always among the eompany, a silent listener. Not an item of interest escaped him, and when the marvellous stories were told of the wondrous riches of I Peru, they fired the heart of the young | adventurer* and within Lie innermost soul ! he resolved that some day, sooner or later, he would be the eonqueror of that land, c? die in the attempts. Many years passed by, years of desperate endeavor and disastrous failure between the forming of that resolu tion and its final and successful accomplish ment. The most distinguished feature in Pizzaro's character ;was his fixedness of pur pose and unwavering constancy to an idea he had set himselfjout to accomplish. When he first 'resolved to be the con queror of Peru he was poor and so ignorant that he could neither read nor write. Friends he had none. His coarse and brutal ways prevented acquaintance ripen ing iuto friendship, for in his ungovernable fits of ill temper which were constantly recurring and growing constantly more evil as the years rolled by, those who considered themselves his friends were quite as likely to suffer as his bitterest enemies. Though not quite twenty when he, poor, ignorant, and unknown as be was, resolved to conqueror Peru, he was over fifty before he found himself in a position to attempt the carrying out of his purpose. Long years of disaster, defeat, and disappoint ment lay between him and the object of his ambition and the crowning glory of success. This is no place to rehearse the story of Peru's conquest and the shocking story of the enslavement and brutal murder of her innocent and unof fending people. He had now sounded all the depths of baseness and in humanity, and all those whom official duty compelled to be near him were hourly in fear of their lives. So a number of those whom he supposed were his friends resolved on his assassination. On the 26th of June, 1541, a grand feast was given at the palace, to which Pizzaio had inviteikji number of his most emirent chiefs, every one of whom was in the plot for bis assassination. As Pizzaro entered the banquet hall all the chiefs rose as if to receive him with the usual honors, when one of the chiefs, whom he believed to be his dearest friend, rushed upon him and plunged a long dagger in his side; others attacked with swords and guns, and the ruffianly old tyrant felt that his hour had come. Wrestliugrft heavy Andrew Ferrara from the hands of one of his assassins, he j turned on the crowd like a lion at bay, and : he fought with such desperate energy that | six of his assailant^ lay dead at his feet, j A blow on the bead from the butt of an ! arquebuse brought him to his knees and he j fell forward on his face, his blood pouring j like a mill stream from a score of wounds, j His fight was ended, the sword dropped j from his band and he fell forward on his j face; then reaching out to a pool of his j blood on the floor, he dabbed his hand in j it, and drew the sign of the cross and I attempted to write Jesu Christe with bis j blood. The effort was too much, and with ' a heavy groan he sank upon the floor. A ! moment more and one of the most inhuman J brutes of which history bears any record j had passed beyond the veil. I I have devoted this space to a notice of , this Spanish barbarian who was a fair ; sample of the apostles that Spain sent j into newly discovered lands to spread the : gospel light- of the new dispensation. Lpt us go back to the 'darkest barbarian' that ever accepted Cb list's word from such false prophets, and-liistory has no parallel. : Wait, wait;. watch '..and wait-the evange lists are cominsr with the true Bread of Life. Watch and wait, watch and wait i i What grows bigger the more you con tract it ?-Debt. Why are women so wicked ?-Because they bone their stays, steel their petticoats, crib their babies, and hook each other's dresses. 