AS 1 MM pES. {] By £2. PHLkLiPS OPPENHEIM, Author of 'False JBvidlnce,' 'The Monk of '?' Oruia,' &c.;, && ?OHiiPTHR IX.— (ComtiiiiuecL) 'The wAges of sin— tie eternal torment of a conscience never sleeping, never weary!' It was of tliat fie went on to speak. I can scarcely remember so much as a single. sen- tence pf -that sermon, although its effect upon, myself and those who formed the congrega tion of listeners, is a memory which even now thrills me. Prom those few opening words, pregnant as they were with dramatic force, and lit -: with the fire of true eloquence, not tor one moment did the attention of the little congregation wander. A leaf could have been heard drop in the church, the rustle of a pocket-handkerchief was a perfectly au dible sound. Not even a child looked side ways to watch the dark ivy waving softly against the stained-glass windows or wonder ed at the strange pattern which a ray of dy ing sunlight had traced upon the bare stone aisles. There was something personal something like the cry of human sorrow it self in that slow, passionate outpouring. Was it by. any chance a confession or an accusa tion to which we were listening V It was on the universality, of sin of which my father spoke with euch heart-moving emphasis. Our lives were like cupboards having many cham bers, some of which were open indeed to the daylight and the gaze of all men, but there were others jealously closed and locked. We could make their outside beautiful, we could keep the eyes of all men from penetrating be neath that fail* exterior. We could lock them with a cunning and secret key, so that no hand save our own could lay bare the grtely spectre that lurked within. Yet our own knowledge, or what we had grown to call conscience, sat in our hearts and mocked us. Sometime the great white light swept into the hidden places, there was a 'tug at our heartstrings, and behold the seal had fallen away. 'And in that church, my father add ed slowly, 'he doubted whether anyone could say that within him those dark places were not' Suddenly his calm, tense eloquence became touched with passion. His pale face gleam ed, and his eyes were lit with an inward fire. Gesture and tone moved to the beat of a deeper and more subtle rhetoric He was pleading for those whose sin beat about in their bosoms and lay like a dark shadow across all the sweet places of life. Passion ate and more passionate he grew. He was pleading — for whom? We listened entranc ed. His terrible earnestness passed like an electric thrill into the hearts of all of us. Several women wei'e crying sofdy; men sat there with bowed heads, face to face with ghosts long since buried. Bruce Deville was sitting back in his corner with folded arms and downcast head. Adelaide Fortress was looking steadfastly up towards that pale, in spired figure, with soft, wet eyes. Even the Bishop was deeply moved, and was listening to every word. For my part there was a great lump in my throat. The sense of some terrible reality behind my father's impas sioned words had left me pale and trembling. A subtle sense of excitement stole through the church. . When he paused for a moment before his concluding sentence, there was something almost like a murmur amongst the congregation, followed by another period of breathless suspense. In the midst of that deep hush a faint sound attracted me. My seat was on. a level with the open door, and I glanced out. A man was leaning against the porch— a man in very grievous condition. His clothes were disordered and torn, and there was a great stain on the front of his coat I alone had gazed away from the preacher in the pulpit towards him, and whilst I looked the sound which had first1 attracted me was repeated. A low, faint moan, scarcely louder ihan a whisper, passed from between his lips. He stood there supporting himself with his hands against the wall. His lined face was turned towards me, and; with a thrill of horror, I recognised him. I half rose from my seat The man was either ill or dying. He seemed to be making frantic signs to me. I tried my utmost to signal to Mr. Charlsworth, but, like all the rest, his eyes seemed riveted upon thf nnlr-5t Ttpfftrp T -vhi1-1 Ipflvp rrtv «pah or attract any one's attention, he had staggered through the door into the church itself. He stood leaning upon a vacant chair, a wild, dis ordered object, with blood stains upon his hands and clothes, and his dark eyes red and gleaming fiercely beneath his wind-tossed mass of black hair. So fascinated was the congregation that save myself only one or two stray people had noticed hun. He stood amongst the shadows, and only I, to whom his profile appeared against the background of the open door, was able to mark the full and terrible disorder of his person. And while I waited, numtr with some nameless fear, the preacher's voice rang out once more through the building, and men and women bowed their heads before the . sweet, lingering passion of those sad words. 'The wages of sin is death. For all things may pass away save sin. Shi alone is eter naL Sin alone must stamp itself wherever it touches with an undying and everlasting mark. . Retribution is like the tides of the sea* which no man's hand can stay; and Death lides his barque upon the rolling waves. You and I and every man and wo man «in this world whom sin has known — alas! that there should be so many— have looked into his marble face, have felt the touch of his pitiless hands, and the cold des pair of his unloving embrace. For there is Death spiritual and Death physical, and many of us who bear no traces of our past hi the present of to-day, have fought our grim bat tle with the death— the— death ? ' i And then my father's words died away up- j on his lips, and the whole congregation ] knew what had already thrown me into an j agony of terror. . The man had staggered to I the bottom of the aisle, and the sound of his j shuffling ^movements, and the deep groan, which accompanied them, had drawn many eyes tpwanis hun. His awful plight stood revealed with pitiless distinctness in the open space where he was now standing. The red blood dripped from his clothing upon the bare stone' floor, a foam which was like the foam of death frothed at his lips. He stood there, the focus of all horrified eyes, swaying to and fro as though on the eve of collapse, his arms outstretched, and his eyes flashing red fire upon jQa& thin, almost spectral- like figure of the pftjaeher now leaning over towards him from the pulpit The slight color forced into my father's cheeks by the physical effort of Ms impassioned oratory died away. To his very lips he was .white as the surplice he wore. Yet he did not lose Ms nerve or falter for a moment He motioned to Mr. Charls worth and the other churchwarden, and both left then:, places and hurried down the \- aisle towards the wild, tragical-looking figure. Just as they reached him the cry which his .-_ lips had. twice declined to utter burst out upon the tense, , breathless, silence, ?;. He made a convulsive movement forward as though to spring like a wild cat. upon that cahn, digni fied figure looking down upon him -with un . 1, afflifetiiTig and iiTi.flin/»TiiT-g.gaM-. ' v*3fldasfyoH, Judas! ^Oh! toy God!' /^H*i '-'liana's, thrown -wfldly *Hit;rjfell to .his .jBicle^ , *He sank back into the anus of one of thoise ;^ho had hurried from their places at iny^ffi^sg^tare. A last cry, -mole awful th& anything I have; 'isrej^'p.ea^Ai'/_ woke -, hideous ?echoes amongst .the wonneat^n; ?black ' oak beams, and before it hsfil 3i^d)*|tWay I eaw Adelaide: Fortress,, glidK like a ;,:1fc-Jaek ' -wraifh f^m her seat and fall yon her knees . by lab ^fainting marfs dde. .L;My: father lifted ??'?up his arjpos,, and with a deep, solemn tremor in hia ftoiier- pronounced the Benediction. Then* With- his surplice flying round him, he came swif^ the little crowd of horrified people. - '3?^1M:i&;Ha^i fiie; «ide of the*p^tr4.ii^rn%i£' and looked steadfastly' into- jus* face. /$t3ie owigregaiioh 'I all 'waiteii to1 th^ii* places, and ;3i3ice,; $p»q was ; only partly -'aware -oT^wtiat wfis 'going on, cpin menced to play a soft volun||ry, * . There was some wlii^&riiSgiEbr; a moment ? or two, then they lifted 4iim- up .and carried ! the lifeless body out iiito the open air. : My father followed close behindy - . For a few minutes there wajs an uneasy sUenee. ! People forgot that the Benediction had beehi pronounced, and were uncertain whether to go or stay. Then some. one made a start, .arid one by one they got up and left the church. .Lady Naselton paused and sat by my side for a moment. She was trembling all over. 'Do you know who it was?' she whispered. I shook my head. ?' 'I am not sure. It was a stranger was it not?' - ? ? ' She shuddered. 'It was either a stranger, or my guest, Mr. , Berdenstein. I only eaught a glimpse of his 'face for a moment and I could not be sure. He looked so horrible.' She paused, and suddenly discovered that I was half faulting. 'Come out into the air,' she whispered. . I got up and went out with her just in tune. They had carried him into a distant corner of the churchyard. My father, when he saw us standing together in a little group, came slowlj' over as though to check our further advance. His. face was haggard and drawn. He seemed to walk with difficulty, and under neath his surplice I could see that one hand was pressed to his side. 'The man is dead,' he said, quietly. 'There must have been an accident or a fight. No one seems to know where he came from.' 'I wonder,' remarked the Bishop, thought fully, 'why he should have dragged himself up to the church in such a plight One of those cottages or the Vicarage would have been nearer.' 'Perhaps,' my father answered, gravely, 'he was struggling for sanctuary.' Aod the Bishop held up his right hand to wards the sky with a solemn gesture. * 'God grant that he may have found it,' he prayed. CHAPTER X. There followed for me after these solemn words of the Bishop a phantasmagoria of hu man faces, and sky, and tree-tops, and a singing in my ears, now loud, now- soft, in which all other sounds and movements seem ed blended. I have an indistinct recollection of the walk home, and of finding myself in my own room. Then memory gradually faded away from me. Blank unconsciousness en veloped me like a cloud. The next thing I remember is waking up one morniug as though after a terrible dream, a night of nightmares, and finding the room half 'full of medicine bottles. I looked around me faint ly curious, inexpressibly bewildered; I sud denly realised that I had been ill. I was not alone. Alice was standing over i me, her round, honest little face beaming with pleasure and her underlip quivering. 'You are better.' she said, softly. 'I am so glad.' 'How long have I been here?' I asked. She sat down by my side. 'A week to-morrow! Just think of it.' I closed my eyes. The little scene in the churchyard had suddenly risen up again be fore my eyes. My head commenced to swim. I asked no more questions. The next morning I was stronger. I sat up in bed and looked around. The first thing which I noticed was that the room was full of the most beautiful flowens; I stooped over a vase of roses and smelt them. The air was almost faint with their delicious perfume. 'Where did they all come from?' I asked Alice. She laughed in rather an odd manner. 'From whom do you suppose?' she asked. 'How should I know?' I protested, faintly. 'I have not an idea.' 'From your bete noir,' she exclaimed, plucking off one of the (yellow blossoms and placing it upon my pillow. I still looked blankly at her.- She laughed. 'Can't you really guess?' she asked. I shook my head. I really had no idea. 'From Mr. Deville. He has called nearly every day to ask after you.' It was surprising enough, but I said very little. I suppose I was not considered strong enough then to hear any news of importance; but several days later, when I was sitting up, Alice looked up from the book she was read ing aloud to me and told me something which I know she must have had very hard work to have kept to herself for so long. 'Father is to be made a canon, Kate,' she said, triumphantly. I looked up at her be wvuucicu. . x ijau luiguiLeu uj.1. auoul Jjaay Naselton's plans on his behalf. The latter part of that terrible Sunday had haunted me like a nightmare, usurping all my thoughta There had been little room for other memo ries. 'A canon!' I repeated, feebly. 'Do you mean it, Alice?' She nodded. 'The Bishop came ihere from Lady Nasel ton's. IJe said a lot of nice things to father about his sermon oa — that Sunday night-^ you remember?' 'It was a wonderful sermon,' I whispered. 'So the Bishop thinks; so every one thinks,' Alice declared, with enthusiasm. 'I shall never f&rge.t; how i felt And, he had no notes, or anything.' 'It was the most realistic sermon I ever heard.' 1 said, with a little shudder. 'It was like a. scene from a play. It was won derful.' Alice looked up at me quickly. Doubtless my voice had betrayed some agitation. She laid he?: hand, upon my arm. 'Don't think about it this evening,' she begged. 'I quite forgot father especially for bade iny speaking of it to you. : It must have been terrible for you to have been so near it alL I can't imagine what I should have done. I could see nothing -from the organ screen, you know.' I leaned over and looked at her. - 'Alice, I do not want to talk about it, but I want 'to know how it ended. You must tell me that' ' She hesitated for a moment. 'He was quite- dead,' she- said, slowly. 'There was an inquest, and they decided that ihe must have been attacked somewhere in the wood between the downs and Yelh-w House. There were all the marks of a struggle with in a few hundred yards of the road.' . 'Did they bring in a verdict of murder?' I asked. . Alice nodded, 'Yes,'. -she assented, gravely. 'He wag murdered. It.seeems that he was lately come from abroad. He had -been. staying at Lady Naseltori's, but she knew scarcely any thing about him. He was kind to her son abroad. I think they just knew his name and that was all. They had no idea where to send to or if he had any near relatives alive. It was all very odd.' 4*Was he robbed?' I asked. 'No. His watch and money were found in his pocket undisturbed- . If anything was taken from it it must have been papers only. ' The police are trying hard to find a. clue, but they say that It is a. very difficult '-case. jUo one seems to nave: seen- Mm ^at all after he left Naselton HalL' ?'?.. I caught at the Side; of my chair. 'No one at a|l?' I asked. - -.. 'Not a souL' -./, ?;.'? '?[,/. - ? ? V;:*': : ,''' I was silent for a=moment The isralls of 1 my little ehamber^Sad ^suddenly opened. ''i I saw agam from the edge of the moor* ^ that lone figure coming' down the hillside towards us, I saw/that isttange: light flashing in my. father's face, $uMl;1i^^^te'^C!i&ig;:.b|E,ia|e'.' two men. A sick dread was in my eheaxt ' - 'Was father -called as a'XwltneissT' Ivjasbed. ? 'N6. Wiiy should .?fie-»e£i-!Hie ??-'Jnj^aiSte': a stranger to him. Be had never seea him before.''- '' -'.;-v '::'--''^'-y':'r:-'- ''^'?''??'-;::i/-ryr''i \- I cliij^feaimy eyes and laid back. Alice 'bent- over me anxiously. ; }--;-;:'. , '??.??' .-: : 'I.otigat not to have talked about this to ypia,^ she sala. ''Father absolutely forbade me. to, but you wanted to know the end so jnauai. Promise not* to flunk of it any more.' ^Promise not id think of it. any more? Ah! If only J could have made that' promise and j&epi;'if. My sister's mildly protesting words seemejd charged *with the subtlest and most bitter' of all irony. Already -some faint pre monition of ^ the burden which I was to bear seemed dawning upon the. . I remained si lent and kept my eyes closed. Alice thought that I was asleep, but I knew that sleep was very far off. The white, distorted face of that dying man was before me. I saw the silent challenge and the silent duel which had passed between those two, the central figures in that marvellous little drama— one, the chal lenger, ghastly pale, even to the tremulous lips, wild and dishevelled, my father looking down upon, him with unquailing .mien, and proud, still face. One moment more of life, a few beats more of the pulses, and that sen tence—and that sentence— what .would it have grown to? I felt niyself shivering as I lay there.' 'Did you say that father wae away now?' I asked Alice. She nodded. 'Yes; he is staying with the Bishop for a few days. I should not be surprised if he came home to-day/ though. I have written j to him by every post to let hun know how you are, and he was most anxious to hear directly you were well enough to talk. I have been disobeying him frightfully.' ( Again I, closed my eyes and feigned sleep. I had heard what Alice had noi, the sound ot \ wheels below. Suddenly she- laid down her work and started up. If was my father's voice bidding the cabman 'Good night' 'I must go down to him, Kate,' she de \ clared, springing up; 'I won't leave you alone for more than a minute or two.' But when the minute or two had elapsed and there was a knock at my door, it was not Alice who had returned. I answered in a low voice, and my father entered. (To be continued.) 