LUCKY BOB BOOTLE. There never had been such a time for poor folk, at least so said the inhabitants of Great Ditchley, and Great Ditchley should know, I think, considering it had been a village ever since Hampshire had been a county. Why, here was March, and Frost still lording it over the waters, and showering his white fleece upon the land ; here was flour at such a figure that the seven years' youngster could carry, and easily, as much as could be afforded by the whole family for a week's consumption. And yet in spite of hard frost, and hard times the male folk of Ditchley still met in solemn conclave at the Cherry Apple, not that the landlord of that hostel gave trust, not he, but he liberally kept the big fire burning in the common room, and there the poorest of his guests dozed from morn till night, with the table for a mattress and their arms for bolsters, and when not asleep amused themselves by playing shove- ha'penny, or the more brain-racking and en- nobling game of coddam. We, of course, do not wish our readers to suppose that the whole of the village played for beer at the Cherry Apple, as one person at all events might take exception to such a bold assertion. Johnny Bootle, the barber, dentist, apothecary, and sometimes schoolmaster, though the last person whom it would be supposed was not a regular frequenter of the inn, in fact, only visited the house at mid-day. and that was when he went with his little brown mug to get his half pint of ale to wash down his hot dinner of bread, cheese, and raw onions. Poor Johnny Bootle was a widower with one little boy—a village urchin, who was always getting into trouble, and always as a rule getting out of it with eclat, his very rascalities turning in the end to his advan- tage. Notably upon one occasion when he abstracted a suit from the tailor's three- roomed house at Ditchley, a suit with mor- tar-board hat included, and that belonged to a farmer's youngster just home from a college. Master Bob Bootle. arraying him- self in the stolen apparel, coolly walked in- to the village church the following Sunday, received a new shilling from a purblind old lady, who mistook him for the parson's son, and actually secured a bran new book of common prayer from the verger, who was so struck with the little fellow's supposed piety in attending church all alone, that, meeting him at the door, he put him into the pew belonging to the Squire's family, who, at the time being away in London, were not, of course, present in the holy pre- cints of Ditchley Church. Replacing his borrowed plumes the next day, no one ever heard of Master Bob's escapade for weeks after, and then its rela- tion was a stable joke at the Cherry Apple. It was the last day of March, the frost as hard and obstinate as ever, and Ditchley as sleepy-looking, and ancient and forlorn as usual, when within the common room of the Cherry Apple there was a very unusual commotion. Joe Rudkin, the pig-driver, was there, Stiles, the hedger and ditcher, Buffkins, the village carpenter, and Joe Spoopen- dyke, the smith ; all were seated round the table in earnest conversation, shove- ha'penny and coddam for the time being was forgotten, a topic of exciting interest was being conversed upon that caused everything else to be erased the from memory of the little coterie. Johnny Bootle had got the brokers in. The hard winter had put the finishing stroke to a series of misfortunes that had followed his wife's death three years before, and without a farthing in the world the poor widower had come to ruin at last. " And so arter bein', father and son, more'n a hundred years in that house, Johnny and young Bob are to be turned out after all, are they ?" said the pig driver who, though a solid-headed, was a kind- hearted man. " It'll be main hard lines ; poor Johnny ! I be main sorry for 'un," said Buffkins, the carpenter. This opinion being expressed by the others. By tacit consent they all left the inn, and making their way to the resi- dence of Johnny Bootle, were in time to see the last article of furniture taken from the house. Beer and a few halfpence collected among his poor fellow villagers was after- wards brought to poor Johnny Bootle by honest Joe Rudkin, who was then glad to hurry away from the sad and chilling scene. All gone at last ! furniture brokers, con- doling neighbours, and all. And in the waning evening light the poor widower and his youthful son sat alone upon a bench lent them by the carpenter Buffkins. " It's come at last, Bob, and it ain't as if I was a man used to this kind o' thing. Lord ! our people was always well off, Bob. Your great grandfather, who was a sailor, made a fortune I've heard. And then his father, he was a butler and kept an inn twice the size of the Cherry Apple, whilst my poor old dad, your grandfather, made a pile of money abroad." " And what did he do with it, father ?" said Master Bob, ruefully. " What did he do with it ? why lost it, Bob." " How; had he got a hole in his pocket ?" said Bob, this time with a grin. " Well, I don't know about that, Bob. He had a hole in his 'upper storey,' I think, to go and plank down all his fortune upon the gaming table and the turf as he did." " Ah. yes ; I've heard all about it from poor mother. And now, what are we going to do, dad ; walk to London ? I fancy that's the only thing to be done. You can get a job there. There's as much shaving, I've been told, in London during one day, as we've had in Ditchley for the past five hun- dred years. My only game here is call- away, a living scarecrow banging the clap- pers to frighten the birds ; and I can't get a job at that now because I'm froze out." " I'm afraid we shall have to go to Lon- don, Bob, though it will be dreadful to me to leave this cottage where I was born," said the poor, forlorn widower as he drew his hand across his eyes that, in spite of his son's jovial spirits under their misfortune, were growing suspiciously moist. " Well, dad, you know the old saying, ' What can't be cured must be endured.' After a storm a calm. Who knows ? some- thing may turn up. You've educated me, father, given me all the knowledge you ever had, and up in London we shall be ap- preciated, perhaps. And now as they haven't pulled down the old summer-house built by my grandfather I'll lug away some of it, and we'll have a big fire and a supper to-night if we fast to- morrow," said the lad, with an attempt at a laugh. " The old arbour that has stood many a winter's storm. Well, as we have no fuel, Bob, as you suggest, we may as well pull a portion of it down. The frost to-night is intense. How the wind howls ! it's be- ginning to snow, too, Bob. What a night ! and our poor little home bare and bleak !" " And some poor creatures to-night would be glad of the shelter of its four walls, dad." " I stand reproved. Bob. But you are young—you are young, boy, while for me— age robs me of all nerve and courage." " Care killed a cat, dad. When things are at the worst, they may mend. ' Dark is the hour before the dawn.' They call me lucky Bob. I may earn a lot of money, as much as grandfather ever had, up in London, who knows ?" said the light- hearted boy, as followed by his unfortunate, broken spirited parent he made his way out into the garden at the back of the cottage. There at the bottom of the large piece of ground, between two apple trees stood a summer-house, that, built of oak and beech had remained for many years, braving alike the storms and tempests of summer and winter, its sides and roof still intact, and looking in the thick dirving snow quite comfortable that wild night. " Better have the old seat up, dad. Per- haps we might get the landlord of the Cherry Tree to buy the arbour after all; it's just what he wants for his garden," ex- claimed Bob, who now, pulling might and main at the seat at the back of the summer house caused not only the top part to gave way but its supports also, the consequence being that he was thrown flat on his back, a loud cry from his father causing him, how- ever, to quickly start up to his feet again. " It's all right, dad, I'm not hurt. But what are you staring at ? Not grand- father's ghost, is it ? " " No, Bob ; but look ! see what you've done ! " Following with his eyes the direction of his father's shaking fingers, Bob now per- ceived that in rending away the seat he had caused an upheaval of a portion of the floor- ing, a dark, open cavity now yawning at their feet. "What a jolly great hole, dad," said Bob, who, stooping down and glancing into the black abyss, laughed aloud. Presently upon groping with his hands down the cavity, exclaiming : " It's not much of a hole, after all, father. Why I can almost feel the bottom of it, and, by Jove ! it's bricked all round like a vault. What the deuce can it be ? But wait a minute, I'll run in and bring out the lantern. I should like to find out what it really is." Absent only for a few minutes, upon re- turning with a light, Bob found his father kneeling by the hole, his face white as the falling snow, and his eyes rolling and flash- ing with excitement, as he exclaimed in a husky voice : " There's a small box down there, Bob. It—it must have been there for years." " Hurrah, dad ! and was put there by grandfather," cried the boy, who, now throwing himself upon the ground and making a strange sound—an odd mixture of laughing and crying—presently, with a face almost as white as his parent's, dragged up from the hole a small wooden box—a box fastened with a padlock, and clamped with iron. To break the decayed woodwork with a spade was the work of a moment. Wildly the father and son now grazed at the sight before them. The little box split open, a shower of gold coins had rolled out forming a perfect mound. There lay the coins, tarnished and flash- ing sullenly in the lantern's light, as though sulky at being disturbed from their long repose in their dark hiding-place. The father and son recovering from their surprise, in half an hour the treasure had been conveyed into the house, the hole being filled up and the seat in the arbour replaced. Scarce had this been accomplished when answering a loud knock at the door, the kind-hearted Joe Rudkin appeared upon the threshold laden with blankets and sheets sent by his good dame. Informed of what had taken place the pig-driver shouted uproariously, exclaim- ing : " Lucky Bob ! dang it, here's a go ! I'll go round and borrow the miller's cob, and I'll wager I'll find those coves with the van. They bean't been away from Cherry Tree mor'n a hour." Joe Rudkin did come up with the van, and before twelve that night the goods had been brought back again, all Ditchley alive with the news. The next day, from a handful of the guineas, Johnny Bootle had paid the land- lord of the Cherry Tree a sum, in return for which beer, eggs and bacon, with spirits ad lib. had to be provided for every resi- dent in Ditchley, the feast being eaten in the big room of the inn, where the guests grew hoarse in hurraying Johnny Bootle and his son, lucky Bob. 