The Light that Cast no Shadow. . Curious stories are told .about tho , powers -possessed by certain nativos , 'of India, .who live up among tho . Himalaya mountains; These old men, it is said, huvo dovptcd scores of years to tho study of natural laws and forces, whioh tho rest of tho world knows nothing nbnut. Lately a Gcrmun professor visited the "udepts," as thoso. queer Hindus are called, for tlie purpose of- finding out tho secret of their . romarkablo , performances. They treated him ruthoi; scurvily, hiit inter-1 ested.him nil tho;.suriuv One 'day 'tho pro fessor wanted ' to exnmino some' ancient Sanskrit mimusoripts.' An' udopt wont with him to a cave wherein - the books 1 wcro kopt. Tho plnce was dark as tlio bottom of li ivoll. "£ can't see to read lioro," said tho visitor. " Then wo will have some light," was tlio reply, and immediately (the professor stiys) 1 a soft, pearly light brightened tlio eilvo. Ho could not toll whence it diune, but ho noticed that it had ono strungo quality— if cast not the slightest shadow; ".Tills is a story hard.to believe, yot its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learning and high churuoter, and you who now read it have no reason for doubt .oxcopt that »U tlio lights you have, seen have bust shadows. Bolief or' uulioliof commonly runs- parallel with one's own experience. Br. Johnson sniffed at the nccount of tho Lisbon earth quake, yet credited tlio telo of the Cock Lane ghost. . A man who has been ill for years, and failed to find a cure, is sceptical when frionds ell-him'of a medicine whioh they beliovb will make .him. .well, .Whrit: else but doubt could result from his experience ? . Tiiko an example:—1 1 " - : . . "In tho spring of 1888, "-writes our corre spondent, "'.I Toll into va low, woak,-. and. languid state, I folt low-spirited nnd out off sorts. At first my stomach was deranged; my appotito poor, and lifter eating I had ptin and weight ut the eliest, I was much trouWed with wind, and frequently, spat up a (four fluid, also hitter bile. -Later on 1 suffered, from norvousiicss and great depression of .spirits. I kopt up with .my. j work, but diad' always a souse . of . discomfort,. . Off and . on I continued in this Way for two years, nothing that I took relieving mo. 1 At last I heard of Mother- Scigcl's Syrup,1 and pro cured a supply. , After I had taken' only a fow doses I found roliof ; my food digested, and gradually all . nervousness loft mo. Although 1 hud 110 reason ut first to fool any coiifidouco in ; this medioine, liovoi- having used it or seen it used, I now gladly udinit its valuo, aud its power ovor di'soaso. Since my reoovory, for whioh I tlmidc Mother .Seigol's Curative Syrup, 'I have boon in tho host of health arid spirits.- Iri the interests of sufforing humanity I deem it a duty to solid you this testimony; '(Signed) B. . Griffiths, tailor nnd outfitter, 151 Hookioy Hill, Bir mingham; June 8; 1893." Thbra is u deal of differanoa between Mr. Griffith's candid letter und tlio story uhout tho. light tliut 'cast' iio sliudow. Tho latter may ho truo enough, but it ouimot bo verified without more trouble than it iu worth. On the ollinr band wo lmvo a trustworthy wit- boss, w-lio will answer letters of inquiry, and can bo found at his address. . Finally, tlicro is nothing raystio or magical about Moth'or Seigel's . Curative Syrup. It acts on tho theory that most ailuionts are but sy mptoms,1 . forms, or -.phases - of that umvorsal disoaso— indigestion and dyspopsia ; it biu-es that, and throws tho light of health and happiness ovor hearths nnd homes where illness and pain hud , mist . suoh dark und terrifying shadows. And that is why pcoplo bollard all that is told of its succoss by eager -witnesses.- 1 ; . - 