THE HARO i iD FREDERIC • IK QUEST. <■" - SENSATIONAL YEEDIGx'. (From our Special Correspondent.) London, November 11, 1898. . The Harold Frederic inquest ended on Tuesday last with a. sensational verdict of manslaughter against the deceased's mis tress, Ivate Lyon, and the Christian scien tist operator, Mrs. Mills. The ladies were at once admitted to bail, Mr. Frank Harris, of the "Saturday lleview," being one of the sureties. A magisterial en quiry is now in progress, but whatever the decision maybe the case must go for trial to the Central Criminal Court, ; the coroner's jury verdict operating as a true bill. The result, when the circumstances ai-e threshed out. by counsel, will almost certainly be an- acquittal, though Miss Lyon deserves a fright.. . She was warned more than once by J3r. Boyd that in turn ing away medical aid she ran serious risks, but would pay no attention. The law on the point is clear enough, and Mr..Morri son, the coroner, appears to have laid it down' with substantial ac curacy. ' • If any persons assume, control of the helpless or inipotent, they make themselves responsible for the exercise of due-caution, and if, death ensues from the failure to exercise it they are guilty of manslaughter. What is strenuously denied by Mi-. Frederic's friends is that he.was either helpless or impotent. Under the in fluence of Miss Lyon he may have. been. Presumably he cared for her, and to please her put up with the ministrations of Mrs. Mills. ' But. there is nothing particularly mad in that, and if airing his "fads", in' sulphurous language be a sign of lunacy Frederic must all his life have been'crazy as a hatter. . The papers seem a goo-d deal startled by the verdict, and most.,of them maintain Mr. Frederic had a. perfect right to employ' either allopaths, homeopaths, or Christian scientists, as lie thought best. Christian science, according to the witnesses before the: coroner and to general repute, is a form of healing by faith. It consists part ly in prayer and partly in imbuing the pa tient with., a belief that lie will recover. Can any human tribunal' (asks' one able editor) presume to limit the efficacy of pi'ayer? Will any doctor venture to say that the expectation of recovery is not beneficial, or that in nervous disorders it may not be efficacious? Mrs. Mills and Miss Lyon may be quite mistaken. But the question whether they are right' or wron^is not to be settled by twelve men in a {box; . It is a problem far beyond their power to solve, or even to compre hend. Mr. Frederic was entitled to adopt any methods he. pleased for the improvement of his health or to adopt no methods at all. It Avas suggested that being -an intellectual man he could , not have believed in Christian science.- But that is nonsense. Dr. Johnson was quite as intellectual a man as Mr. Frederic, and he believed in the Cock-lane ghost'. The evidence of Mr. Whiteing shows clearly that when Mr. Frederic was in,,good health he expressed his respect for 'Christian science. Mr. Whiteing. tried to laugh or reason him out of, it, but he did not succeed. If in these\circumstances ..Mrs: Mills, who attended Frederic, and treated •him in accordance with her principles, is criminally responsible for his death," a new and dangerous extension will have been given to the penal law. Suppose that Mr. ; Frederic had been attended by homoeo-1 pathists. Allopathic doctors would -have conscientiously sworn that he was in the hands of quacks who could not cure him, and.had probably .killed him.- The obvious answer would be that that was not a pro per., question- ;for a coroner's jur«- or for ' any other. It may be safer to stick to the family doctot and the orthodox drugs. But personal liberty involves the right of swal lowing the wrong medicines and calling in the. jvrong practitioners. - ^ (Our cablegrams have reported that the accused were acquitted). 