Nei Church at Quirindi. LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE. By the Bishop of Abmidale. The diocese of Armidale will shortly num ber amongst its extremely lengthy list of works the completion of a pew church at Quirindi, the foundation stone of which was laid by His Lordship the Right Rev. Dr. Torregiaui on Sunday, the 20th ult., in the presence of a very large assemblage. The old weatherboard church was crowded at the 11 o'clock Mass, which was celebrated by the Bishop assisted by the Rev. Father Paul, and special music was rendered. The Rev. Father Patrick, O.P., preached an eloquent sermon, taking at. his text the Gospel of St. Matthew, viii., 23-27—' When Jesus entered into a boat, His disciples fol lowed Him; and behold a great tempest arose in the sea, so that the ship was covered with waves ; but He was asleep. And His disciples came to Him and awakened Him, saying, .'Lord save' us, we perish.'1 And Jesus saith to them: 'Why are ye fearful, O ye of iittle faith ?' Then, rising up, He commanded the winds and the sea, and there was a great cairn. But the men wondered, saying, 'What manner of man is this, the winds and the sea obey Him.' ' The Rev. Father spoke of the sublimity of the theme, and said the barque of Simon Peter was symbolical, and represented the Ohuroh * of Christ. ! He spoke of the great love the Church had for her people, and that the barque would never founder amidst the storms, because the Lord Himself was in it. He had said to the waves, ' Fear not, it is 1 I.' Their Redeemer had come on earth to preach peace and . goodwill to men of all land, and to perpetuate it for all time. When giving to his disoiples their mission of preaching the Gospel, He had said,' Ye are the light of the world.' Their Blessed Lord committed nothing to writing— - neither did He wish it to be written. His disoiples were to do as He had done by word of mouth, and baptising in the name of the most Holy Trinity. They had evangelised ? the whole world, although the Pagans had 'iried to trample out the faith of the Gross, and there had oome a day when the banner of Christianity waved above their battle rnented towers, and kings, queens and em perors had joined its onward march. After 1900 years it has been said that the Oatholio Church would fall like all other oreeds had fallen, but the Ohuroh would not fall, and they could laugh at the evil prophets as being synonymous of imbeoility. To en- courage a false ory of love of freedom an attempt was made to exterminate the faith :at the cradle of civilisation by the intro duotion of godless sohools. That too, had failed j beoause the good and the holy would never put to shame the creed of the early martyrs. He spoke lengthily upon the bitter persecutions suffered upon the -Church when the blood of her children had overspread the earth, and then he instanced the splendour and unohanginfi' spirit of that .anoient faith which had survived the storms of centuries and stood strong as over to-day, although whole nations had, at various times, fallen away from her control. The| great English writer, Macauley had said,' 'The triumphs of the Church in the new world have more than compensated for the losses in the old.' Who /would have, dared to prophesy that in this country the tiny grain' of mustard-seed would show such great results. The pioneers of the faith had begun their task with the stigma of shame and infamy clinging to them— men to whom it was treason to love their country, and death to defend her,- and the mustard-seed had produced the lordly forest tree of Ca tholicism. They had assembled that day for a sublime and lofty object — it was another fresh jewel to the brow of tlie Catholio Church in Australia. It was a solemn and blessed custom to lay the foun dation-stone of a temple for the worship, of the living God. Their little church should be opened free from debt, and it would be if people gave according to their means. Thw Redeemer had said He would reward a cup of cold water given in His name. Their church was dedicated to St. Brigid, the Mary of Ireland, and ho hoped this evidence of their faith so bright and luminous would last for many years to oome. ?„.'.. After the Mass a procession of the sohool children and Children of Mary took place, and the Bishop assisted by the Rev. Fathers Patrick, Paul and O'Connor, blessed and declared the stone well and truly laid. The procession was then reformed, and pro ceeded around the churoh foundations, after which the Bishop addressed the con gregation, briefly stating that he had no need to doubt their generosity, as they had been tried over and over again. He would have liked to have built the ohuroh out of his own pocket, but his means were limited, and^ his only resources were the generous feel-'' ings of his faithful people. If the people helped in the external work, God himself would.attend to the spiritual work and look after the welfare of the church. He blessed . them all in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Mr. William Britton, at the request of Dr. Torreggiani, announced that the Bum of about ,£200 had been placed on the stone, and with the amount collected the half of the total cost of the building was in hand, In the evening the churoh (was again crowded, and Father Patriok proached a grand sermon, taking his text from the Gospel, John viii., 1, 15. A groat many people of other denominations attended. The opinions of relatives as to a man's powers are very commonly of little valuo, not merely because they sometimos over rate their own flesh and blood, as some may suppose j on the contrary* they are quite an liaole to underrate those whom they have grown into the habit of considering like themselves. If we had our way most of us would ohoose a new set of oiroumstanaesand would afterwards repent bitterly. God doeth better for His sons, disarming and illumina ting the things which were against us, so that they become our protection—the storm on the surfaoo hiding the otornal calm below. 