? iJHjflfclMffl^^ of faWiog calmi£ tnfe^aweet evsmag air. fig she reached the io'w fehce Tthich ran belara herfeouse a framed fostetep eoaMtsdl* fetettxtgh the gathering gloom, and a man's voice|t, eaJia ; »; 4 0 3a fciiat yon, Mary, my girl ? You look} l*fc&e; ncore than a ghost under the shadow of| fiSscaefonshM.'\ j •» You've kept your promise, dearest, and* cctain to sse me," she cried, as sho threw herself-, into tie arms of her lover. " i- Heuben Halse kissed the red lipa so frankly* off eredbef ore he spoke. " Yes, Mary, rye kept my promise, but I've come to say good-bye.'' "Good-bye—jcood-bye ? You're going away ? You're going to leave me—jour sweetheart— your wife that is to be. " My dear little girl, don't crv—don't grieve. You've beau my sweetheart; faithful and true, bofc'we'can never ma;ry." The strong man's voice broke and .died into ** <•}» en ; tell me the worst," sobbed the girl ittdsxs-arms. •Garten, dear. You know that latterly things iu^re-gene wrong with me. The bit. or mone y 'I've saved for our wedding in the fait w»s jmxAob, and tfeen the cabin I'd built lor you tfcwrafcy tbe-BIae Pools was burnt. Still, there was fctoe farm stock and your little purse of saviags left, but the drought has killed tho stock and—oh, Mary, how caa I tell you P" Mary drew «part frona-ber lover aai steadied ' her fcrembiiagJocm against the«garden fence. •"SemeoBehas tabbed you of -the money I gave you. oay poor boy " She 'staretched fortfa her pityiDg4iaaiis towards the man before ber, who only bowed his head and shn&led; bisfeet in the thick white dnst. ••"Tell me, Reuben, tell tnehow it happened. Ah, surety, you are not thinking that I shall blame you for such a misfortune," and once more she crept to hifrside. Bat Reuben thrust her trom him. " 'Twas no misfortune ; 'twas a crime. Your littie savings, those few coins you've starved aadscraped t© keep, lie there." Hepointed with his iean, brown hand down tbei^aayon to where, seaidst a dense mass of feliaga, a ferwligbts twinkled. Maitystsggerttd. ' " Dowathere f At Ffolliett's ! I lost it all atrfaro last night." For a moment BO sound but the evening breeze whispering among the creepers and hashes and the harsh note of a night bird tnc&ke; th»«silenoe. Then a woman's voice, tendw tudtow acid fall-of tears,murmured," Rube, dear Poibe, I forgive you " " Don't. Mary, don't s I'd rather you would Btrike me •!" The stars twinkled their diamond eyes on the man>and >girl as»tbey said farewell. For Reuben had settled- to leave the canyon that night. • *' BUMSedfern, One-«yed Sammy, and Joe, the Poj-tugee, are-igoing, too. We're all broke, and^maybe will starve-out there,'"" and k*e waved ins-hand towards the wide forest land of Ariz©na,' 4 nsin this canyon here. Don't sob so, zny»grrl, yoo'llbrea- k my heart. I'm not worth a tear, from your prafctyeyes or a choke in your white- throat. But, Mary, yon might pray for i me-soiM^tiH!< , s«.an<l when youW-married to a gootfehap-aa -ddn'fc go to Ffolliett's and wsgiect has f arm-for the'tables and the bar, think of me-e, who loved you, but was not wsrthy to have you." Heubf-n Hasel and his companions had'boen gone from the Crest White Canyon for a week. Marj' ; s cheeks, never very full of colour, had •grown pale and heavy, and blue lines beneath; Iterilarge eyes told of sleepless nights aad many; tears. Yet-Paul Harding—" Beauty Paul, as he wasj called in the canyon—thought he had never- «*en Mary look so lovely as he elattered up to- -thedoor of tiie post-office one morning and; •aafce&t;'he young j^twaactecea if titers was as-H •fchiug for hitn. *' Nothing for you to-day." Yet Paul seemed loth to go. He pulled his( long, tawny moustache, jingled his sparred, boots npan thtt floor, and continued to s&arej; through the pigeon-bole window at the girl,] as she iiitted»afcout her usual- business. 1 " Anything I can do for yoa ?" she askedl him presently. ; "No,"Paul said slowly, taking in everyi detail of the girl's pretty43gafe,clatd.m a cottonj frock of gentian bine. " Bat Tnight I speakrtoi you one minute—privately/' You can say what you have got to say] where yoa are," He-stared silently, firai Ms boots, utd as his wandered Tip lit on the snowy «hel«es »f bright) uteris, aneT shinreg gmmpaus whieh'linsd, tile walls. " Haw -diSeren^ yon b»op the place Sram what — Bat lie * Yoalive 'BtaT^Ewb, jan?* 'rs2B8,iti«i pot .fSjiftov <w*s "-.ytoaaw flalijs,^' ISsrs dasgbS her tands athnnhextessit. Yes. He. aD^iSs chumB, pMBed throQ^a Xijtag J'feias cajojih. live beto mtb there this fe^otturtiis pastiw^ing him brand and count t£(e cattle, BUbe told- me that you and ho had £«rte&, and tile- reason why. He asked me to look afttr yoa a bit. You see, we've been g«od pais, and I'd like to do bim a turn now Itefs gone under. You will let me look after you, BOW and again, won't you, for Rube's soke ?" The handsome cowboy, tall and strong as a giant, clad in the picturesquely rough clothes of his calling, bent like a reed before the tiny, btue-elad figure of tbe post-mistress, who laid a slender white hand in bis great palm and lifted her violet eyes to his dark ones. *' Surely, Paul Haiding, for Rube's sake, yon may look after me when I can't look after myself." It was for Rube's sake (hat the following Sunday PRUI dressed himself in bis best, brought a little two-whet-liQ cart, gay with bells and bright colour.'., to Mary's door and asked ber to drive out wi ll bim. The day was fair, and " Beauty " Paul amu>ed her with sti-ries of Rube, and when they came to an end lie told bfr of his own home, in the heart of a gret n county in England. He made her liu^h with bis talcs of college life, and L-bu.l<l(.;r with his descriptions of the campaign in E.zypt,which he had cone through. Only he did not tell her hi.w be, an English officer, came to bo loatitig and dunking end gambling away his d»ys ai.d his health in Great White Cr.nyon. The next Sunday Mary shur lierseif wi.hin her log cabin, aiwl neither the blue sky nor the gay cirt and smartly-caparisoned horse, nor ** Beauty " Paul himself could wheedle her out. *""She would not be seen." she said, sternly, •• with one of Ffolliott's lot." She. however,! repeated and forgave turn on his promise to, GSRend for her sake. As weeks and months went by. and the Jftsw of the canyon changed to red and gold, Paul found that if he was to " look after " Mary he had to give up the saloon. And. indeed, for a space Ffolliett's koew him not, till one October morniDg his allowance— the money which bought his family freedom from his disgraceful presence—arrived from England. For the next week Ffolliett's was a pandeoaenium, with tha " Beauty " as a presiding demon. -i. Mary heard of it and refused to speak or look at him. Then it was that he flung himself before her one day and prayed her to save him from that which he was powerless to save himself from—drink and dice and bad companions. ! And she did what other women have done before her and will do again. She placed her hand in his, and, with her hewrt full of Rube Halse, she promised to marry Paul—for his soul's sake. » The eve of their marriage day arrived, and with it Paul's allowance from England. The occasion and the opportunity suggested a .carouse, and Paul informed the " boys " he (would be standing treat at the Ffolliett's that might for the last time. Paul was full of iiquor—he had drunli Mary's health with every man in the place—and he was also full of luck for once in a way. A pile« of gold lay before him on The table, and he was iust proposing another round in Mary's honour when big Bill Redfern strode in and was greeted with a shout of " Alloo,B:ll, you back? "What luck, pard ?" " Luck, my lads, I leave luck to fools and <5ead beats. I've been working, and,thank God, I've worked for something. I've put my sweat and muscle into the ground and I've struck ore! None of your dust or pockets, but a vein as broad as an ox's back and ss long as a river, end to I've come back with Rube " Paul looked up with a start. Here was hp, drunk iu a gambling hell oa the eve of his marriage with Mary, and Kube had come back. " What did you say ? " he muttered. "I said Rube and I had come back. But don't let me disturb your game. Come. rome. have a drink ; I'm standing treat, and as to Kube, here's his health and Mary's ! •"' I'm standing treat ! " shouted Paul,springing up. " Have a drink with me ! '' Aud with this he, flung his liquur in Bill's face and made a rush at hitn. A pistol Sashed, a blue puff of smoke died in the hot-air,and " Beauty " Paul lay stone dead ou Ffolliett's floor. Soase of them went up to the p&st-offioe; to break the news to Mary. There was a light in the window, and by it they saw Rube and her sitting talking. Quietly and with bowed - heads they left the cottage and returned to Ffolliett's without fulfilling their mission. Next day a rough-and-ready jury, having considered ail the cirea instances of the ease and with due appreciation of BilbRedfern's- prowess as-a dead shot, decided that Paul hadcoarted! on purpose a certain deattv aad>they*etoraad»ai vtirdict of ' t ifimcide while of unsonnd^mind:" 