He Was Haunted. Fischer's ghost has been laid, to the regret of those who have cherished him as a winter story for the fireside. He is no longer believed to eft on top ot a three-railed fence as a clue to-the disoovery of his bones in a stagnant pool. But there is a man In the Glebe, Sydney, who was ■ haunted by a spectre which never left him. tt was with him as he sat all day mending his shoes, and in the dark and silent watches of the night it clung to him, and he began to look upon tt aB a fearful part of himself until his time would come to enter into the spirit land. It was a grim and horrible experience, and all fail days and nights were spent in tiyiog to solve the enigma of its presence, and the way that he could lay It, as they had laid Fischer's ghost. The worst of the matter was that it was invi sible to all but himself; he was worse than haunted, it tortured him, for the spectre loved to give htm pain. At length the means were given to him to tree himself of its hateful pre i since, and he describes his last fight with it to our representative who waited upon him at 66 Bridge-road, Glebe—"For the past eight years," said 'Mr. Wm. Burke, shoemaker, " I have endured very much from constipation and piles; no medicines seemed to do me good. At night I could not sleep, and by day I was too drowsy to do my work. Nothing I took could free me of pain, until I tried Dr. Morse's Indian Boot Pills,and now I can say there are the beBt remedy I have ever known, as thpy do not gripe or weaken, and yet do all that is said of tbem. X am a better man to-day than 1 have been for years. It is a grand cure." Dr. Morse's Indian Boot Pills core such eases. They are a positivo cure for liver ailments, sick headache, biliousness, indigestion, dys pepsia, constipation, foul breath, sallow complexions, and a perfect blood purifier, curing eczema, pimples, blotches, and all skin diseagta. Sold by chemists and storekeepers, price, Is 8d per bottle. Australian Branch oi the\V. H.Corn stock Co., Ltd., 68 I'itt-street, Sydney, N.8.W. Sold wholesale in Queensland by Messrs. El liott Bros., Ltd., Brisbane. Each bottle has the full name blown thereon", and the wrapper bears the signature of Wm. R. Comstock. Avoid substitutes, and see that you get the genuine. 