ASTOLEN HERITAGE i IT1 CHAPTER XY. 'So, she walks in her sleep, like Harry did. It must have been some good angel ,'tnat made me so restless that I felt 1 , inust go to see if she was safe.. If I had been a minuto later, the consequences ?'might have been serious,' she thought, a3 she remembered the vision of the white figure fluttering along the corridor which she had seen on her way'to Molly's hiding-place, and luckily followed. Then Lady Jane wondered what the box contained which Molly so tenacious ly held, and at the same time she re solved for the future to lock her up at night. Suddenly she remembered the strong rjmell of burning, mixed with the odor of spirits, which she had noticed in Sir Thomas's room, and she felt consider ably puzzled. Then she wondered if. he .had recovered, but she dare not venture but of her room to see, and ao last, tired out, she soon fell asleep. Meanwhile,- Sir Thomas did not re ' cover for sometime, then, as he slowly .came to himself, he remembered the events of the nightr and the figure which he had seen in the doorway hold ing the box containing tho papers. At first he thought it must have been iancy, but as he searched for the papers and could not find any traces of them, ;he came to the conclusion that it must have really been Molly that he had seen ; if that were so, she must have seen the .deed done, and followed him to the Hall to secure the box, which, perhaps, like him, she thought contained proofs of her identity. Or it was just possible that, having discovered Molly's danger, Susan had warned her, and Lady Jeune had hidden her in some of the attics or spare rooms. Anyway, he would search for her the next day. Ghosts could not carry a box away, or he would have be lieved be had seen a spirit. Suddenly it flashed across his mind ifchat when he had dismissed Ramsey he ; opened the door which led into the library, and that he passed through :ther© into the corridor, and on his re .turn he had not locked it, but had used the other one when ho went upstairs *and locked that securely; so, crossing jthe room, he tried to open the door ;?which communicated with the library, 'but found it was fastened. Evidently someone had taken the precaution to re move the.key-to4he other side-and lock the- door. ? This discovery did not add to his comfort, and going to the cupboard he ?took out the whisky and poured out a t glassful, then he added a few drops of (laudanum, and drank it 'Now I shall sle^p,' he-muttered, as he:T.ose-and went -upstairs. 