Our Tuesday's Tale. THE COBBLER OF WIGGE. In the village of Wigge lived a cobbler. There is nothing remark ably in the fact that Wigge, an or dinary sort of village, with the . usual conglomeration of houses, trees, gardens, dogs, cats, poultry,; men, women, and, of course, chil dren, should possess a follower of St. Crispin; but such was the case that we, esteeming veracity as of primary importances, think it ad visable to make this point clear be fore proceeding further with a narrative in which the cobbler of Wigge is a leading character. He said bis name was John Jones; everybody called him John Jones; the urchins spoke of him as ' old5 Jones; the polite clergyman ad dressed him as Mr. Jones on Sun days ; and sometimes customers who desired him to make an extra effort to finish a pair' of shoes for some special occasion also suavely called him ' Mr.5; from which it is quite evident that his surname was Jones. As regards his Christian name we cannot be so certain. He was not introduced to mundame existence at that spot of earth geographically designated Wigge, and therefore a search through the parish registers kept in a musty vestry at the church of-that place would not assist us in deciding this question. But we think there is a good reason for assuming that his first name was John ; for when the voters5 list was nailed to the church door once a year there always ap peared therein the following infor mation, * Jones John, 2, Hunger lane.5 Whence it is plain that he lived, and had a vote in right of being tenant thereof, in Hunger lane, and at the house which had the number two on its door. How long he bad lived there is another thing in which a deal of doubt pre dominates. He certainly had lived there a long while. A few in quiries put to the older villagers would elicfc the statement that he bad dwe]t there 20 at least; some even said thirty, and one old washerwoman, who was noted for always hugging opinions different from those of everybody else, was prepared to affirm on oath that he had abode there 35 years. Having read the above, it will be almost superfluous to say that the cobbler of Wigge was an old man. He was. There was no mistaking nor dis puting that. He had a pale, wrinkled face, with not a vestige of beard, moustache, or whisker upon it; and in the upper regiop of his face were two steel blue eyes, which generally sparkled very brightly. His mouth was a very small, drawn, and Arm' one; and the chin had a tendency to upward curvature. His hair was grey, and he was of a very small stature, though more inclined to corpulency than attenuation. Number two, Hunger-lane, was a little cot with two rooms, one above the other. The lower one was used for work shop, dining-room, and sitting room ; the upper one being totally set. apart for sleeping purposes. The cobbler generally sat before his little window from morn till night, doing his best to keep the pedal apparel of the inhabitats of Wigge in walking order. He had always plenty to do; for in the first place he was the only shoe maker within a radius of three miles, and in the second he invari ab'y made a ' good job* of whatever was sent to him to repair. He lived quite alone, neither being blest—or cursed, if you would ra ther — with wife or children. Whether he ever had a wife or not was a mystery. He had come and settled in the village quietly and ! unexpectedly, making friends with i nobody, and being very reticent j with neigbours. The woman who j lived next door—she was a middle < aged, inquisitive body, and a widow j with four children—bad once en- i deavoured to fathom the cobbler's j history previous to his advent into ] Wiggie but she failed miserably. ; It was one fine spring morning j that she sauntered to his door, in- j tending to lure him into lifting the j curtain that hid his past life, and she said to him as he busily plied | his craft, ' It's a fine day, isn't it, I ' Mister' Jones ?' ' I haven't no ticed,' he replied drily, without looking up from his work. ' I just felt lonely by * myself,' she went on,' and thonght I'd have a minutes chat with you for a change so I looked in. Don't you feel lonely by yourself here ?' ' I never thought about it,' he answered curtly. Quite undaunted she con tinued, *1 feel quite lonety since my dear Tom died,'—Tom was or has been, ber husband—' and I often wish he was back again with me.' Perhaps ' he' doesn't though,' said the cobbler maliciously, and without raising his head, This ra ther nettled Mrs. Mopp, for that was her name, for she had been a notorious scold, and her dear Tom had not a very pleasant life of it on the whole; but she could not tell which way to take the cobbler's remark, for it was rather dubious one, so she Jet it pass unnoticed; and after a few minutes silence blurted out quite courageously, ' were you ever married, Mister Jones ?' With remarkable fri gidity he responded,' I never found that I wanted a wife. Whatever a woman could do for me I could al ways do quite as well for myself. And I think I have got along much better without a wife than ever I should have done with one. If I'd had a wife she might'—and he finished up slowly with acuminated deliberation—she might have been a widow now with four children, I having sought relief in an early grave I* In great rage Mrs. Mopp politely walked away, and com municated the items of her con versation with Jones to an atten tive audience of half a dozen brawny matrons, who waxed ex ceedingly indignant over,the insult offered to their sex in general and and to Mrs. Mopp in particular. So angry were they that it is pro bable the cobbler would have lost their patronage for ever in the soleing and heeling line if there had been any other shoemaker at a convenient distance. But for tonately for John Jones, there was I not; and they were perforce obliged i to send their boots and shoes to j him for repairs. After this episode several other of the village women attacked him, but all, met with a sharp, satirical reception, and each left him with a longing for revenge in her agitated bosom, feeling humiliated and despised, as well as repulsed. Thus it was that John Jones grew to be known as a woman hater, and, consequently, was re garded with very marked aversion by all the female portion of the population of Wigge. This feeling was not in any degree lessened, but on the contrary arguinented, by the fact that the cobbler did all his cooking, house cleaning and wash ing for himself. He seemed to take a cruel pride in stretching his clothes line across the village street, and thereon displaying the per fection he bad acquired in the art of washing clothes, for even his greatest enemies had to admit that no woman could do them better. His house, too, was a model of neatness and cleanliness; and by some strategy or other a loaf of his i bake had once been procured and critically dissected and tested by a hastily convened committee of the village matrons, who were chag rined at being compelled to admit in their inner souls that the bread ; was as eatable as anything they could make from ilour, and one or two even felt a twinge of shame as they confessed—but only to them selves—that it was much better than they generally turned out. : Late in the afternoon this confer | ence of the women of Wigge dis solved, having come to the conclu sion that John Jones was a standing j reproach to their sex, but not hav ing discovered any method whereby , to alter the condition of affairs, j Several of these women's husbands j began to call and chat with the cobbler, and much amused by the j way he lasbed the women. By j and by they got to reporting his i smart saying anent the gentle sex j to the partners of their sweets and bitters, seeming to take delight in thus torturing them. Then matters grew worse. Several of the men whose wives were careless and slovenly began to allude to John Jones as a worthy pattern to follow in housewifery sarcasti cally directing them to take a lesson from the old cobbler, and thus improve themselves consider ably. This the women resented, and John Jones became a bone of contention, and, to carry out the simile, he, like the bone that is the object of combat between the dogs was the only one likely to suffer most in the conflict. He was re garded with great awe by every body ; the men were mystified with and the women shunned him as an evil spirit. Still they continued to favour him with their patronage, and he did not mind their hate or indifference. This went on for a considerable period, but at length the crisis came and in this manner: Bill Edge, the village smith, got up one Sunday morning and made the fire; while his wife lay asleep in bed, as was her wont. After doing this he had a good wash, and then looked round for the change of apparel he was accustomed to every Sabbath morning. He found the article he wanted, but lo! it had not been submitted to the cleansing powers of soap and water since he had taken it off a week ago. This made Bill Edge mutter to himself in a very strong style, and as he was thus relieving himself of a a deal of superfluous, language, bis wife came downstairs, looking about as untidy as a woman can. ' You lazy cat 1, cried Bill, by way of matin salute. ' What's to do now ?' she drawled. c Not much,' yeiled the irate husband, only I've never a clean shirt to put on. What do you do all the week, you gossiping, idle, slatternly ' ' You brute !' exclaimed the offended wife, and that's the manner you talk to a hard working woman like me. This all comes of that John Jones, I know.' She shook her head sagaciously. r John Jones can show you a thing or two, anyhow,' shouted Bill; ' even the shirt I have on has only one button on it.' ' And quite enough for a pig like you,' she rejoined. Here the dis cussion waxed hot and vulgar, and presently words had not sufficient force for the war, whereupon Bill Edge forget himself, and thrashed his better half mercilessly, while she retaliated as best she could, by making ber mark in • long, red scratches on the face of her lord and master. The struggle grew fast and furious ; two or three women rushed in and rescued the warlike wife from the belligerent husband, and bore her away to a neighbour's house in order to console her and vilify her husband, half the village now being out to witness the lively proceedings. A consultation of matrons was held, and a plot against John Jones was conceived and hatched. Meanwhile the clergyman had restored peace to the troubled village, and was preaching a sermon of matrimony to a group of indifferent listeners. Monday afternoon came, and the cobbler sat working by his window as usual. Ere long a woman came in with a pair of shoes. Scarcely had she entered when, to the great sur prise of John Jones, half-a-dozen other women followed her into the little shop, amongst them being Mrs. Mopp and the wife of Bill Edge. The cobbler began to fee uneasy, and dim, uncomfortable suspicions rushed through his mind. ' What did they want V he queried to himself. He was not kept long in suspense. Going straight to ; business, Mrs. Mopp detailed to him the influence he had had on their husbands and the otber females chimed in with illustrative testimony. Not content with being a bachelor, they said—not but that any one of them wouldn't sooner be banged than tied to such a brute — not content with simply keeping himself in a state of single misery, be had bad the audacity to preach that men could manage housework far better than women, and in proof of his, bad boastingly -set himself up as an example I the result being that the young fellows of the village would not put foot into the state of matrimony, and those who were already in it were regretting and sighing to be over the borders and out of it. In proof of this, a long catalogue of connu bial squabbles were gone through, and statistics of the parish register quoted to show that there had not been a marriage at the church for nearly a year, whereas there used to be at least one a month. This J state of> things, they maintained, was unnatural, and the cobbler, the i cause of it, was a curse to society ; ; hence, in order to mend him and j alter the condition of affairs, they j were going to inflict some chastise ment upon him cordially, as a' means of teaching bim to mind his j own business and not presume to set himself up as a man who could j keep house better than any woman j in Wigge. The cobbler of Wigge i trembled, while each of the women I produced from under her apron a i stout leathern strap; this article, j ordinarily banging in a prominent j place in their houses, being used ; for punishing their refactory chil dren with, but now called into requisition to teach John Jones how to behave himself with re- j spect to females. * Strip yourself : to the waist,' said Mrs. Edge, sternly, ] ' or we'll do it for you. Then j John Jones spoke. His voice j faltered, and it was evident he was3 in great excitement. ' Spare me ! that,5 he said, ' and I'll leave the | village for ever.' But they were < firm, and would not yield. They ; took hold of him and proceeded to ; pull off his vest. * For God's sake, ! stay !—hold !' he cried, ' and I'll i tell you something.5 ' What is it V \ they asked in curiosity. ' I must; tell each one separately,5 he replied. ■ A hurried consultation was held by j the women, and ultimately, their : feminine curiosity conquering every I other feeling, they agreed that he j could tell each one separately as he proposed. 'Will you go upstairs then ?' he asked in a weak voice. His face was pale and had a pained look on it. The women assented. ' Come down one at a time when I call,5 be went on, 'and then you shall hear what it is I have to sayf This arrangement was carried out. The women went upstairs, came down one by one, and in the room below John Jones whispered into each woman's ear something that caused her to start, and leave the house with a look of great amaze ment on her countenance. What it was that he had told them, these women, to their credit be itiwritten never divulged. And afterwards, when their husband spoke of John Jones, they only smiled, and did not fly into a rage as heretofore, at j which the men marvelled. But the ; mystery was well kept, although! the men wondered much what had j caused the change in the woman's j opinion of the old cobbler. Two \ years later, when John Jones, accord- j ing to the fashion of all human flesb, j gave up the ghost, the secret came | out, and all was explained. The i cobbler of Wigge was, a woman! j Who she was, and what had in- J duced her to conceal her identity, \ was never discovered, although the | local papers of the district ' ro- ] inanced5 pretty freely on the sub- | ject, and reckoned to solve the I riddle satisfactorily. But the name j on the cobbler's tombstone which j was erected by the women of j Wigge—is the masculine one that j strange individual had alway borne ; while living amongst them,' John | Jones.5 Chased by Pirates.—To go to enormous expense and trouble, only to find yourself swooped down upon by a horde of villainous pirates, must be admitted to be about as evil a slice of luck as usually fails to the lot of a diver (says Mr. W. P. Wright, writing in Chums). It happened some years ago, but ow ing to the acuteness of one of the party—however, I will tell you the story, which sound like fiction, but is perfectly true. A vessel named the Baoiila Jiitchell was lost on the Leuconna Rock, Shanghai, hav ing aboard her no less than £50,000; in specie. On examination it was' reported that the raising of the vessel was an impossiblity, and most people seemed to be of opinion that the money was gone for ever/; but there was at least one person in the world who held a contrary idea, and, largely through agitation on his part, an expedition was sent out to see if some of it could not be recovered. Two divers of great experience were of the party, their names were Ridyard and Penk. I do not think it necessary for me to go into detail about the recovery. It was difficult and dangerous, be cause, amongst other things, the wreck lay in twenty-three fathoms of water, which is a great depth when extensive operations have to be carried out. Ridyard got at the treasure, and, not only so, but sent up no fewer than sixty-four boxes laden with bullion. It was after this stage that the fun began. While the search-party had been watching the wreck, a party of an other sort had been watching them. The difference between them the two was that the latter wanted to get the spoil without working for it. They preferred a slashing fight, in which, as their numbers were vastly superior, they might hope to be victorious without damage to their precious hides. One day, : Diver Penk went up to tho top of the island for water, and while there his roving way was attracted by a somewhat unusual sight. Coming gaily round a headland was a whole fleet of craft—pirate : junks every one of them—manned ; by as choice an assortment of; desperadoes as ever cut a throat, ! Penk did not stand upon the order i of his going; he went at once, j Away went the recovery expedition , now in imminent danger of being i ■ recovered' themselves, and when ' the junks turned the corner, the expedition was crowding on all j speed for Shanghai. It is needless i to enlarge upon the horror of the j pirates at finding their neat little scheme of susprising the party fustrated, or the howls and curses which they distributed on the un offending air. All I have to relate Is the end of the adventure, which after a fierce and exciting race to Jlfyangjii, resulted Jn favour of the ftS^-iding party, who rapturously | gfeeted the baffled flight of the j|(nks when their scroundrelly crews j Jfcund that they were fairly and ^squarely beaten. But although pthe divers threw jeers after the I rogues, they kept the money. | Curious Customs.—One of the j most curious of the manorial courts is that called the- Lawless Court, I held at Rochford, in Essex,' on the' Wednesday morning after Michael mas Day, upon the first cock crow ing, without any light but such as the heavens may afford.' The steward of the court summons all such as are bound to appear in as low a voice as possible, when he that does not answer to his name is heavily fined. The persons at tending the court must all speak in whispers one to another; they have to write out tfieir grievances, but are not allowed pen, ink, or pencil, but must use a piece of charred wood or a coal; those owing suit or service to the lord and not appearing must forfeit double rent for every hour thev are absent. It is supposed that the custom originated through certain villeins using the assembling at the manor court for the purpose of conspiring against the lord. An other curious tenure was that of the manor of Brougbton, a tract of land 2000 acres in extent. On each Palm Sunday a service was held in the parish church called the ' God whip' manorial service. The whip , was taken from JBroughton by a I man who, while the clergyman was reading the first lesson, cracked it three times in the church porch, then folded it neatly and retired to his seat. At the commencement of the second lesson he approached the minister, and, kneeling opposite i him, with the whip in his hand and a purse at the end of it, held it over his head, after waving it thrice, throughout the whole of the chapter. The strange ceremony dates so far back that its origin and signification have been lost. A Prison- Managed by Women. —There is a band of new women at Auburn, New York, hut the public pays very little attention to them. They are not very pictur esque, and do not startle people by doing some dainty thing very much out of the ordinary. They don't j wear bloomers, ride bicycles, or : make speeches, but they do run a prison, and they run it well too. Running a prison is not play either, j It is not made up of hours devoted I to delightful gossip, or attending J fine teas. The society is not par j ticulariy fine, because the larger part is composed of pickpockets, j forgers, bigamists, incendiaries, and ! murderesses. There are usually j from 100 to 125 of these in the j gaol, and they are there for cotn I mitting all kinds of offences within J the criminal scope of -abandoned i women. When a woman in any j part of New York State has been proved guilty of a serious crime she I is sent to the Auburn prison. The minor female prisoners go to the country penal institutions. What Sing Sing is to the man criminal, Auburn is to the woman male factor. The most hardened woman in the country are therefore con fined at Auburn, and they are managed so well that there are on record many cases of genuine re formation as a result of the Auburn prison is Matron Annie M. Welshe. She has a force of women keepers under her, and she directs the management of the unruly inmates. Her word is law, and the system of discipline inaugurated bv her works like a piece of machinery. Jaines C. Stout is the warden of the place ! and the only man connected with | it, but he does not interfere with ' the management. He appreciates ! the good sense displayed by the j women officers, and acknowledges J that they can handle the prisoners I in a more satisfactory way than j men could. The Earth is Growing Heavier. ! —As people grow old they usually ; grow stouter, and in this respect our planet is very human indeed, for the earth is growing stouter and heavier every year by some ten thousand tons. The food on which our planet is thus fattening herself consists of meteors or shooting stars. Though we have only one great show of shooting stars—in November — still, every day the earth is crossing the paths of meteors and catching shooting stars in her atmosphere, which acts as a net. Shooting stars are pieces of stone, varying in size from a marble to a paving stone, revolving round the sun. The earth attracts them by her weight, and they rush to ward us at a tremendous speed. On plunging into the atmosphere they become heated by the friction they encounter, and so become white hot, and are finally driven off into gas. Every minute the earth is being subjected to this fusilsde, though most of the meteors are too small to be seen by the naked eye. The gas condenses into dust and slowly sinks to the earth. At the very lowest estimate, 400 mil lions of meteors fall into our at mosphere every day, or over 140,000 million a year. The dust into which all these shooting stars are dissolved sinks to the earth,and if the dust of each, meteor weighs but a single grain, this amounts in the aggregate to 22,000,000 pounds, or 10,000 tons. By this amount, the earth increases every year, ^iand as she never parts with a single grain; she is growing rapidly heavier. But large as it may seem in the mass it is really a trifle com pared with the weight of the earth. If this annual increment of meteor dust were spread evenly over the entire surface of the earth,, it would form a layer less than one-hun dredth- millionth part of an inch in thickness. But when the twen tieth century opens, our little globe will be 900,000 tons heavier that, it was when the nineteenth century dawned. A Wat They Have in Slam.— The King of Siam has a short way with offending Ministers. On re turning from the recent tour his Majesty had reason to be dissatis fied with tlie conduct of a member of his Government and of his Coun cil of State, named Tchau-Plei- Rex/ The offender was summarily re moved from office and deprived of all bis dignities. ' My Minister, Tchau-Plei Rex,' so runs the Royal djegree,' is from this day forth re lieved of his functions, and all his Orders and marks and rank are withdrawn. Furthermore, his heard shall be shaved. Lastly, seven days after this operation, he shall be charged with. supplying hay to the sacred elephant, and shall be employed in this task to the his death.' It is said that 40 per cent, of the prison ers of Austria die of consumption, caused by the dark cell mode of punishment. 