i; LA SONAMBULA. S CAPTERI V CAuTAIm MonnAusT was still busy.with iis steward whou Grace got in;but shej h'::ad not been ton minutes in the draw ing.room before he joined them. I" am so sorry I was not able to go and meet you," he said, " but when once Langllam gets hold of me he is inexorable. Iow did you like old Molly ?" Not at all," she answered doe cidedly. " She told me nuch horrible stories, I shall be afraid to go to bed. I diel not know there was a ghost in ,the family until this aftermoon." "But you don't believe those things, <;- da yon ?" What are you to do, when a per son says to you, 'I know it is true, for I saw it with my own eyes ?' " "LIaugh in her faeoo. Molly will tell you that I always treat her tradi. tions in that irreverenutfashion." "But did your great uncle kill his wife ? throw her body into a pit ? and then commit suicide ?" S"Yes; but all the rest is rubbish.' "But then she is ready to swear sbo saw the ghost of Lady Edith on the very day your sister died in India ?" " I know she is. She has told me that story twenty times at least; but.if she were to multiply the twenty by one hundred, it would not make any \ difference, as far as I am concerned." " How did her delusion arise ?" " We had just reoeived a tologram from my brother-in-law. tolling us of my poor sister's dangerous illness, and,, her imagination being excited and her feelings stirred by those sor. rowful tidings, Molly was ready to fancy anything." "I dare nay I am foolish, but Ican't help believing her, although I know that your explanation sounds feasible; and I should die of fright if I had to live at Burlingham." "Indeed," answered Jako, coldly, but with a secret thrill of hope. " Un fortunately, I can't transfer my house to a locality that you might choose and like ; and thou you will pardon me if I say that" I like it very well whore it is-in spite of the ghost." "I .can't think why it signifies whore people live if they have those they care for with them," she said. " Well I I am very conservative by nature you see. I can't bear even to out a tree down that I can remember as a boy, and in a now placo I should miss all the pleasantness of old asso oiation. Don't you understand that fooling ?" " No; I think it is absurd. Fancy oaring about an uncomfortable place, just because your great-grandfather was born thore. And," observed Grace, lowering her voice to almost a whisper, " you will admit that it is very otraugo I should have seen twice since I came to Burlingham a figure exactly like that old Molly describes; booause, you eoo, I never heard the story until to-day, and thereforo ima gination can have ihad nothing to do with it." "That was an odd coincidence, certainly; but I dare say the whole thing might be accounted for. It might have boon a living peroon who went into your room from curiosity." "Anyone in this house who was ourious about mo could gratify her ouriosity in a far morolegitimato way," answerod Grace. "Uncle Jack," said Mary presently, with a nod of her golden head, "I wish you would come upstairs and talk to Misc Tromlowo a little. She is always crying now, and I expect it is because sho fools so lonely, don't you 2" " Thon why doosn't ohe come down a little more ? We should all be pleased to soo her, and the change would do her good." "I believe she is ill," roturned Mary wisely. " She is so thin, Unolo Jaolr, and somotimeo she doosn't oat all day." " Oh, but that in very wrong I" ex claimed Jack, loolking alarmed. "You must toll grandmamma that, Mary." " I can't," said Mary. " 1 promised Miss Tromlowo I wouldn't, because salo said it would frighten ihr," " I should think it would, indeed I But something must be done," said Jack reflectively. " Won't she eat, or can't sho ?" " She can't, Uncle Jack. I have necn her try so hard, and almost cry with voxation when she couldn't got a mouthful down. Sho says she odoosn't want to die until she has soon her mother and sister again." " And why thou ?" "I don't know, but I fancy lho is very unhappy. She wouldn't ory so if lioe:weoren't, would she ?" "It may be only weakness," re. turned Captain Mordaunt; "but, in any ease, it must be loolked to. Where is Miss Tromlowe now." "She is lying down in her own room ; but oh oenid I was to call her directly I wont upstaire." "lRun aund talk to Mr. Rogers; he is beookoning you," said CaOnptain Motr daunt, putting little Mary down. Thouen he bent forward so as only to be hoard by his mother and said, " have you noticed anything the matter with Miss 'Tromlowo, mother ?" Mrs. Mordaunt glanced up at him ,hlarply. "Nothing to my knowledge. She io looling a little palo just now, but she tells me that the wintor always trios helor and she will be all right dliroetly owe get a little warm woeathoer. The fact is, I dare say, that she worrioe about her uistor, and by con fining heroelf to two roomo dooes nort give horsolf a lchaneoo of forgetting bor troubles." " Couldn't you persuado helor to mi with nous a little more 2" "I have tried repealoedly, but alo always begu oernostly to be xeoned and takles groeat pains to prrolando me that ato is beottor nuuoodl withl a bookl than she woould be by oer converesa tion." " Yeo; only tl?e quotioni is, a what it good for her? And I am really afraid ado will fall ill on your hando if you don't talo care." "Wolll I but what on I do more \- than I have dono ?" said Mrs. Mor. daunt rathelor impatiently. "I oan't insistt upon her coming into the drawing.room without soeeming nrbi. trary." "I don't know, mothlior. You would make your own daughter do a thing of that kind if you thought it good for her." J " Certainly ; but in that case I ahould have the right-in Mliss Trom. lowe's I have none." " Anyhow, 1 should insist upon her seeing a doctor, mother, for I am aure she is much more ill than yon -havo Any idea of." "lHave you seens her, then, lately ?" inquired Mrs. Mordaunt rather nae. piciodsly. "-No. All my information comes from Mary. The child seems quite distressed at her governess's state of health. She says she often goes all day without eating anything." ".Whydidn't Mary tell me this ?" " hMies Tromlowo made her promise not to do so, lost you should be alarmed." " Well, it is a groat pity ; for, of course, Miss Tremlowo is under my charge, and I should not like her to be neglected. But, having so much com. pany lately, I have not been able to look after her as I could wish ; and -she will not compiinu, I see, however poorly she may be. Thank you for your hint, Jack. I will take care sao has proper attention and advice, and in a few days, when I am alone again, I'shall be able to eeoop her more under my own eye." "You moan when I am gone," was Jack's montal correction. "Poor mother I She is not;quite sure oven yet that I might not be dangerous, although my claws have boon drawn; and perhaps she is right. Grace's pink.end-white prettiness is in no way to be compared to the pale, sweot lovelineoss of the other. And there is something about Miss Tromloweo that not only pleases the eye, but satisfice the heart." Jack's reverie finished with l sigh, and he buried himself in a nowspapor to hide the trouble and yearning in his eyes. Grace was particularly charming that evening, and chatted ineoossantly ; but Captain Mordaunt woa pro. ocoupied, and nocasionally answered at random. Her sensitive vanity was wounded at last, and she said, "You don't listen to's word I say. I have to ask you the same queotion three times at lonaetbefore I can got an aciawor." "I bog your pardon," he said. "I hieve a miserable headache." "You seem to be very subject to headaohee," she answered, eue. piciously. "Am I ? I was not aware of it myself; but I bow to your superior wisdom. They say people ofteln know us better than we know oursolveoos. Boat won't you sing us something, Grace; and, listening, I shall forgot all my pains ?" Grano was mqllified, and rustled off to the piano without wailing to bo pressed. She sang well, and as Jack was fond of musio, he would hang over her at those times bogging for one song more, and flattering her ima monsoly by his appreciation. To-night he was not so dmononstra tive. Still, he listoeneod attentively, and thanked her when sieo had fin. inhod; and as Grano saw that he really was out of sorts, aso forgave him all other omissions for this once. He was thankful when his duties of host were over, and he had handod the last bedroom candlestick, and shut out the last skirt. Rogers, had to be entertained for the next half-hour; but he was never very conversational over his pipe, and moreover had a good deal to think of that night, as he had proposed to Anastasia in the course of the oven. ing. Having announcod this fact laeonieally and made a comical allu. eion to their being companions in misfortuno, he subsided into oilenoeo. But he started up when the clock struck one, and said, laughingly : " Upon my word, this sort of thing won't do now, Mordaunt We must got into the habit of keoping regular hours now that we are almost married moen, or wo shall be laying up for our solves an awful reserve of curtain loo. tures. It would be awful fun, wouldn't it, if we wore both of us married on the same day ?" Jack thought it would be "awful " to be married to Grace Wimborno on any day ; and, still more, oentortained faint hopes of escaping his doom ; but he did not say so, and Rogers, who took his misfortuines cheerfully, wont off laughing to bed. Jack drew his chair oloser to the fire then and lighted another pipe. It was no uso hurrying to bed when he was sure not to sloop, and this quiet hour was always tlheo boat of the day. Hlo haed got about Ihalf.way through his pipe, and had just come to the philosophlical oonolusion that all thoe while a man oould smolo lifo would always have its compeonations, whmen lhe fancied he hoard a stop in the hall. His don was right at the end of the hall, builtout into the garden, but it was not often people had occasion to pass it. He was naturally surprised thoroe. fore at hearing anyone in this part of the house, and opening the door softly caught up the lamp and peeoored cautiously into tlheo gloom. At first he could poreooive nothing, but presenotly saw a shadow detanob itseoll from the other shadows, waver for a moment, and thenou glide on noiseloessly up thie stairs. He caught one glimpse of a palo, oven profile, ned his heart gave a groat bound, for lhe had reoognized Clara, and it seeoomed to him that she had come in nuswer to the deeoop yearning at his heart. Only that elo looked no strangeo and ghastly in her dark drapoery, and her eyos had Anch a blank look in thom, flat ihe felt a sort of awo crooeeping over him in spite of hlimsolf. Still he fol lowed; but though she must have hoard hIis stop, ho did not turn or elshow any connooiouness of his proonouo. On the top of the landing she paused, oappeared to. hlositate for a moment, and thon, iunatoad of taling the passage that led towards the coentre of the houseo, whore hier own room was rituated, wemnt owiftly but unerringly down a long, unarrow pleao, iand disappearoed tlhroungh a door at the Jack was up with her in throo stridons ; but when he opsned the door a great gush of wind blow into his face, extinguishing the lamp; and whilst he stood lheitating what to do, a wild, terrified figure dashed past him, ebrieking, and vanishod into the shadows beyond. Captain Mordanut had been driven against the wall by the force end suddenness of the impetus be had re ceived, but ho picked himself up pro. sently and groped about for the lamp. However, it appeared to have rolled after its fall, for though he went down on his hands and knoos, he could find no trace of it. This was peculiarly unfortunate, as he had no sandle in his room down stairs and did not want to have to go in seirch of one. At last he bethought himself of an expedient, and, lighting some paper in his pooket with a fusce he hold it, blaziog close to thoe ground, recovered possession of the lamp, and dashed downstairs. Hero anoohor difllielty ooeurred which he had not anticipated. Every drop of oil had boon spilled out of the lamp, but as the wick was still moist he thought Iho might possibly manage to keep it alight whillot he went to the kitohon for some candles. He at last found what he wanted; but all those different journeys and searchings hand taken time, and it was rather more than ia quarter of an hour before lihe returned to the stairs pro. pared for any discoveries that might come in his way. But when he reached the bot tom of the stairs he saw a sud den glow of brightoess in front that surprised him, and theu eo heard a crackling noise its of dry wood burn ing in a fierce fire. " Good heavoens l" exclaimed Jack, turning pale ; " the oil from the lamp must have caught fire. How could I have boon such a fool as to fling the paper down without making sure it was out ?" He mounted a few steps to ascor tain the full extent of the evil, and finding that the whole corridor was in flames and the strong draught would drive it to the very, heart of tlo build ing, he sprang downstairs and sounded the gong furiously. Grace was roused suddenly by the gong, and knowing instantly that there must be something very wrong, she hurried into some clothes, put on a warm flannel peignoir, and wont into her mother's room. Lapy Wimborne was sitting up in bed, pale and auxious. " My dear," she said, " what can be the matter ? No one would sound tile gong in the middle of the night unless there was something very seriously wrong. Perhaps I had bettor first dress a little, anrd go to Mrs. Mor dannt's room. Siho may be ill, and Captain Mordaunt may have sounded the gong to rouse ni. Just hand me my shawl, Grace. Now you may open the door. -Good gracious, there is the gong again I Ho can't surely suppose we didn't hear it the first time, and it is so iidoonsideorato of people to behave in this way, just as if one had no. nerves." Grano opened the door, and for one sooond. stood appalled, for she could see the red gleam of the fire at the end of thle passage, and heard the crackling of the flames. " What is the matter ? Why don't you spoak 2" inquired Lady Wim borne, who was watching her facs anxiousnly. " The house is on fire I" Grace throw back over her shoulder. "There is not a moment to lose." "Stop, Grace ol I am coming directly I You won't surely desert ume, child 2" sareamed Lady Wimborno, almost booeside horslf with fright. But Grace was already gone-her only thought, her colo instinct at that moment being to save horself. The house was so built that the east and west wings were conneoted by a long corridor, into which opened all the boat bedrooms, now occupied by ,Mra. Mordanut and her guests. Lady Wimborno's room was the last of those in the contre of the building, as she liked to he no a near as possible to her maid, so that unless the eager, hungry flames had travelled there be fore her, Grao's safety seemed seoure. BUt ano so opened the door, a volume of thiolr, black smolke poured in upon her, taking awny her breath; and through it there came a little tongue of firo, eager and rapid, which made a dart at her bosom, as if it would stab her. Graoe drew bank, pantiU g and ir reeolute. Then, remembering that thore was certain death behind her and just a' chance of lifo in front, soe covered her fao, and boundsd wildly throughl the smoke and flame--farlling prone on the outer edge of the Iburning barrier. Meaonwhile, Captain Mordaant, hav ing roused thie wholo house, ruahod to the stables, and woko the coaohman and groom. Ho know that if he wont back to the house he would only perilsh with those he longed to save, and that the solo chlano was to get them all out through the windows. Luokrily there was a long ladder on the promises, as some men had boon repairing the roof; and, withll the coaohmau'o help, he carried this towards the house and placed it against hisi mother's window. Seeing him, sheo throw up. the sash with a cry of thlankfulness, and ha hurried to her at once, " Come quicklly, mother I" he said. "There is no time to lose I" But nho aelook iher hIead and moving pointed to Lady Wimborne, who was olinging to the bedpost and shrielrking frantiaonlly. "I will fetch her next time; but yen have the first claim," said Jackl deotorminedly. "Yoou only wnsto precious time by resisting, mother. Come I" "rBut Mary ?" she gasped. "I will soee about Mary--only some. " But my lifo is nearly lived out, Jack. Save thie root and loeavo me." "Never, mother I-that I swear I" he annworedo, seiing hier arm; and whoen sho saw that he would not be put off sheo roeluotantly oonoontod and allowed him to guido her down the stops. She had scarcely reaobed the bot. tomrn rung whn Lady Wimborno, who was abrolutly frantlic with terror, climbed over the window.sill, lost her footing, and came down with a crash. Her ehrieks and louJ lamentatione showed heo was not dead; and that was all Jack had time to thinlk about just then. The cervants were all collected on the lawn by this timne, overoneo eger to help. There were still four to be oaved, and the fire, fed by the old timber and fanned by the winter wind, was beginning to rage furiously. Against the red background lie could see no in a frame the white facea of the four unhappy creatures, and was seized with a sort of horror when he thought of the imposcibility of raving fill. " Hadn't you better throw your bedding down end jump on it ?" he shouted to Mir. Rogers. "I have only this one ladder. Or make a rope of your heoots. Do something, for heaven's salkeo I There re the women and the child. I must think of them first." "Of course you must, Never mind about me," Rogers shouted back. " I thought you bad means at hand, and therefore it was no use risking one's limbs. Take care of Anastasia if if-'" But the flamoe baret through the door at this moment, and made a playful dart at him, like a oat toying with its prey. II he did not wish to be devoured, lie must bestir himself lie found, for if he stayed where lie was there was about one minute be. tweeon him and stortnity. "You must think of Mary next," AMrs. Miordaunt had said. And Jack know that it must be so, without being quite sure whether lie should have made that selection if Ihe had boon left entirely to his own fooling in the matter. Anastistan had joined Miss Tremlowo and little Mary, and, inspired by the young govornces'a calm courage, she hbad hitherto behaved very well ; but when she saw the ladder placed against the window, and realised that the one who went down next would probably be the last to go down at all, site pressed wildly forward, determined that that one should be herself. " Keep bask," said Jack sternly, /' and let me got the child I" But Anastasia was mad with fright now, and would, not yield, wasting the sobonds that' 'were so infinitely prdoious. If she had been a man, Jaelk would have pushed her backwards ; but sithe was a woman, and the wild anguish and terror in her eyes wrung Iris heart. Whilst he was hositating, Clara Tromlowo quitely took her round the shoulders, and drew her out of the way; then kissing little Mary, who was cowering againot hor bosom, she said softly, without a tremor in her voice, " Good bye, darling ; don't for got my message," and put her into Captain Mordaunt's outstretchod arms. Little Mcary was quite quiet, although he could fool iher shudder convulsively. But when he handed her down she roused, and said, in a passionately pleading tone, " Oh, my dear Miss Tromlowe Unole Jack I she will be burnt to death I" " Not if I can help it," was the firm reply; and Jack sprang basic up the few steps again. There was only Auastasia's deopair ing faoo at lihe window now, but when he called Miss Tromlowo by name seo seemed to rise up suddenly out of a cloud of smoke, till calm and even smiling. Pushing Anastasia forward in such a way that to have thrust her basic again would have been murder, heo sank down, without oven n cry, into her fiery grave. (To be contileed.) 