IGNES FATUI. ' (by a banker.) Amongst the natural phenomena which, so far, has not beon satisfactorily explained by !seion- tists, and even at this day of advanced know ledge remains an unsolved mystery, is the' strange lambent flame which hovors over church- yards, marshes, and undrained ; swamps, scienti fically known as ignes fntuus, and popularly tormed Will o' the Wisp, Jack o 'Lanthorb, and other fanciful names. This strange fire, if that can be called a fire whioh does not burn — varies very much .in ap pearance. Sometimes it presents the aspect of a ball of fire dancing and rolling about over the marsh in playful glee, now and again, perhaps, when striking against a shrub or other obstruc tion, scattering a showor of smaller balls, ! which in their turn would dance and play about, not necessarily, however, in the wake of the parent ball, which continues its wayward career, now shining with a fiery red light, now changing into a yellow or amber, then fading into an un defined greenish tint, to burst out again into a purplo blaze, the erratic illumination at length, 'perhaps, after gambolling about in quite frolic some mood, ascending high up into the air until it is lost to viow. And sometimes the mock flame. presents a more weird and ghostly appearance. The be lated wayfarer, who is traversing a low- lying churchyard at " the witching hour of midnight" sees, a short distance from liirn, a spectral pre sence hovering about the tombs, whioh his terri fied imagination immediatoly regards as a dis embodied spirit, a veritable ghost. The phantom apparition faintly shines with a quiver ing sort of lambent flams, sometimes slowly re- coding, sometimes advancing, tho frightened nerves of the terror-struck wayfarer exaggerat ing the harmless illumined column into a menacing ghoul escaped from the place of punishment, and seeking in vain for the mortal remains of his former fleshly habitation, and, re senting this intrusion, momentarily intending to seize and carry him off to somo terrible inferno. With palpitating heart lie flees away, stumbling over tombs, ' until per haps at length in tho durknoss lie plunges heudlong into nn open gravo, and is discovered tho next morning by the grave-diggers in a pitiablo plight, and gradually recovering from tho horror of his abject terror. And all this because he is so utterly simple and witloss iib to bolievo that there are such things as "ghosts" ; and to imagino that it would be permitted that lost souls should bo allowed a respite from the place of punishment in order to frighten a few silly girls or intellectually weak men ! For wo may bo quite certain that souls in Paradise, oven if they had tho power, would not wish to do so, and would prefer the glories of the third hcavon to masquerading in a sheet in an obscure villago churchyard at dnad of night. It is, howovor, unquestioned that sorcerers from the very earliest ages havo had the occult (and Divinely forbiddon) power, by means of what is now called hypnotism, of making, oven a numbor of persons congregated togothor, believe that they can seo objects which have no roal existence, and can even in most cases compel persons to believo that they have soon a "ghost." Somo of tho marvellous tricks of Indian jugglors appear to bo produced by this agonoy, as tho dotcctivo camera, which cannot b» hypnotized, incontestably proves that tho ex traordinary events whioh we bolievo wo have seen with our vory eyes did not tako place, but. wore only an hallucination produced by tlio wizard's hypnotic power. Sometimes, in the gloaming, tho ignis fatuus playing about at the odgo of a morass is a strik ingly attractivo spectacle, but woo bo to him who attempts to pursuo ono of the danoing fairies for it will probably lead him into tho morass, into which ho may sink deepor and deoper down, tlio more iio struggles tlio quicker his living entombinont ! And just so is it with tho silly youtli who, in tho pursuit of so-caliod pleasure, finds himself sinking deopor and deopor into the miry morass of sin, wlienco tho only possiblo means of rescue is by laying hold of the hand of ilim who lins atoned for tlioso sins. If ho rofuso or nogloot to do tin's tlio horriblo pit must shut her inouth upon him for ever I Tho ' Australian Journal ' for thiB month mnintains its characteristic selection of readable tales, up-to-dato information, (fashions, poetry, and anoedotos. 