SPORTING INTELLIGENCE TP TURF, Notes and Commeiits. (BY "KESTREL.") Stiii'sliot, tho winner of the Duuodin Cup, was sold as a yearling for nine guincaB. Our Sydney correspondent wired last night that Gunbcarer lias been scratched for all bis AJ.C. autumn engagements. In our report of tho Boulder Racing Club meeting yesterday the name of Mr. Board was inadvertently published as timekeeper instead of Mr, Hahn. Visitors from this colony to Onkaparinga experienced considerable hard luck in supporting Paul Pry and The Provost and to find each horse running into second place. While Me:-loo!as was placing: tho Sydney Cup to the credit of his sire, St. Swithen, another of the stock in G nullo was performing a like duty at Onkaparinga in annexing the Cup to add to the string of victories. Regent, who downed The ProvoBt at Onkaparinga, must not be confounded with the horse of that name owned by Mr. R. G. Pell of this colony. Monday's winner is a black six-year-old mare by Glorious—Gentian. Had The Provost succeeded in defeating Regent in the Onkaparinga Hurdle Race he would have put the jumping double to tho credit of the progeny of King of the Ring, for like the ex-U'cstralian, Songster claims paternity to that Birc. Everything foaled by Mr. W. Long's imported mare Queen Agnes possesses excellent galloping qualities. The latest representative of the successful family to secure a brackct is Ace of Diamonds, by Splendor, winner of the A.J.C. Maiden Stakes. Since ho was placed in the Melbourne Cup Ronda has been a disappointment, and his last nice would show tnat he is a ghost of his former self. He took part in the Sydney Cup. and with the featherweight of Gst. Gib. lie finished last in a field o£ 18. The Dreadnought colt Daunt, who twice succeeded in lowering the colors of the hitherto unbeaten colt Gold Medallist, in New Zealand, could only succeed in gaining third honors in the Auckland Easter Handicap, which was won by Rex. The time recorded iu the Sydney Cupby Merloolas. viz., 3min. 31 sec., it will be seen is an even best with that put up by Carbiue iu '83 and Wallace iu '%. It will be held as singular tbat the recent winner is the first outside the Musket blood to reach the times put up by Carbine and his son. Followers of Mr. John Crozier's horses at Onkaparinga had a big yield day on Monday. In the opening event Cicero scored a 15 to 2 chance, then Gnullo pulled off the Cup and returned the odds of 11 to 2, nud to cap the good luck Sparta scored a victory at the very remunerative odds of 10 to 1. There lias been no more consistent horse on the fields lately than Speculation. The free striding grey has secured whining brackets at Kalgoorlie, Kanowna. Coolgardie. Menzies and Boulder. While carrying his party through at all times on the Hat he lias singularly failed when asked to race over hurdle's. His inland sojourn has been a source of income to his owner. The Grafter quite failed to show even a glimpse of liis Melbourne Cup form in the two mile race at Raudwick on Monday. He started third favorite, and carried the confidence of bis stable, and although lie was amongst the leaders in the turn for home lie showed none of the determination exhibited at Flemington. and was not in the first eight when the winning post was reached. The ring would experience a bad day at Randwick on Monday. The Sydney Cup winner, Merloolas, had been consistently supported for the two-mile event for some weeks past, and after bis brilliant form iu the Doncaster on Saturday the supporters of the St. Swithin uelding were strengthened as the time of the race approached, and when the Hag foil Merloolas was an even favorite, with Amberite ."t 4 to 1. This win of the well-backed Cup horse coming close upon the victory of the heavily backed colt, Syerla, iu the Doncaster. will be remembered by the ring for many months to come. Experience is proving a good school for Bobadil, and the running of the 2-vr.-old soil of Bill of Portland and She in the Champagne Stakes must be set down ns the most brilliant effort yet shown by the colt. Bobadil has shown a turn of speed quite beyond hiB opponents, and now that he has thrown off the bad habit of shifting just at the conclusion of bis races, he gives promise of a great career. He is the one colt standing out as worthy of a long shot in view of next season's Derby and Cup. Evcu should Bobadil fail to improve up to expectations he has already gained bis credentials by having run over six furlongs iu lmin. I32sec., and that finishing easily. The time is a record one for a two-year-old over the distance. The good luck which has hitherto stuck to Amberite did not stand him in good stead at Randwick on Monday, when lie ran second to Merloolas. The son of Carbine has been a most consistent 3-yr.- old, and bo has bad great luck in firstly defeating Aurum by accident in the V.R.C. Derby, and secondly, iu the absence of the champion eolt in other classic races. To put up such a string of good victories as have fallen to the lot of Amberite is a performance which places the half mark of excellence upon him. It is very meritorious of any colt who has gained the highest laurels in the spring to come out in the autumn, and, besides capturing classic races, to make a big fight in a race like the Sydnej 1 Cup. Should Amberite bo allowed to remain m those colonies, he should prove a clinking horse when fully matured, and ono likely to cause trouble to the 3-yr.-olds of future seasons. 