AT THE THEATRE. " To see, or not to see—" I met old Nettleby to-da^ at our usual lunch resort. He had just come in, not having commenced to eat, and he looked very grumpy about something or another, and only grunted when I told him it was beastly weather. I call him old Nettleby, although he cannot be more than abo.it 50 years of age, because he is one of these old-fashioned sort of johnnies you read about in Thackeray's books. He is a little chap, and is clean shaved all but small side whiskers, which, like his hair, are grey. Of course he is " English you know," and a bachelor, and as neat, nice and precise as all old maids and bachelors generally are. He belongs ti our chess club, and is something in the bank or the Civil Service, I fancy. Whilst waiting for the soup to come along I ventured to ask if lie had been to see Hamlet, as a great litho. of Wilson Barrett was staring nie in the face, and then " the band began to play." I had struck the bullseye first pop. He jerked down the cuff of his right thiit sleeve with liis fingers, throwing his arm out as he did so (vigorously), " No, sir, I did not see Hamlet; I went to the Theatre on Wednesday night for that purpose, but I only managed to hear some portion of it." And he glared at his soup as the waiter put it down, as if it was a deadly enemy. " Ah, yes, the lighting is very bad, should have the electric, you know," 1 said in my most sympathetic style. " It was not that, sir, alone I corn pin in <f (pepper, thank you), it was the absolute blocking out of the stage for me by three or four monstrous! (here a vigorous dig at his soup with the pepper pot), disgusting! hideous! hats (pepper dig at every word) worn by some idiots of women right in front of me." There was more pepper with idiots of women, as if they were in the soup, and he was making it warm for them; so I just said "jolly shame," or something, and began my lnnch—knew he would get his second wind directly. " Yes, sir," breaking a piece of bread with his right hand and emphasising each word with it to me, " I give you my word of honor that those creatures had, perched < n their silly heads, huge stacks of straw, feathers, and bows more than a foot high. I was defrauded, sir, of my legitimate right to see that noblest creation of Shakespeare by some vulgar, tawdry finery stuck between me and the stage.". And then we both finished our soup, and I had time to " pull his leg" again. " That's why I like the dress circle," I said. The proper place, sir, to see any play is in the stalls. You are on a level with the actors in a correct plane of sight, and my seat in the reserved stalls wus a very good one, not quite in the centre, a little to the left, and half way back from the stage. There I sat down and settled myself, in anticipation^ a pleasant evening. There was nothing to be seen, the theatre was positively gloomy, and all the audience of a commonplace type. However, the curtain rang up, and at the same moment a woman about six feet high—a positive giantess, I assure you—came into the row of seats in frcnt of me. My heart was in my mouth. Which seat WDB hers? She had on a brown dress, but the thing above all others—(Ha, ha! I sa'd—hat, I suppose—ABOVE all others; very good !) No, sir, no joke intended, .>1 .protest. It was far beyond a joke—it was a two- decked monstrosity in brown straw, with a violet eruption of stuck up feathers and bows on the left side of it, altogether I calculated about fourteen inches high. " Dominie Sampson would have said, " Pro-dig-ious! Only a moments hesitation, a word from the attendants, and down Bhe sat right under my nose." Here poor old Nettleby paused for a bit with a piece of mutton chop on MB fork pointed at me, and looked for sympathy; but, on my word, I was nearly laughing; he was so beastly earnest. . All I could think to say was, "Shouldn't be allowed; great shameP" hut he was warmingfyo his work, waiting a minute, whilst I ordered a favorite bottle of stout for the aggrieved Nettleby. " Yea, just under, my nose, and you know bow those sort of women—barmaid I suppose—stink like a barber's shop, must pour scent on themselves by the jugful. That I could have suffered in silence, but, give you my word, whien I looked directly ahead of n:e I could see nothing but the very top of the red drop curtain of thestage. One half was eclipsed, and the other half I could only see by leaning on one side, and looking past her head: Thank you, yes ; juBt one glass of "Ask her to take it off P No, sir, I do not care to address those sort of people in public. I concluded to make the best of it. The battlements of ttot castle—the spavined-looking, frofen^wt Danish warriors were talking abiofat the weathee and the ghost; The caitld.clock wus on the stroke of twelves the ghost w«s about due, when ' two women came into the row of seats next before the giantess in brown, each with monstrous hats, and they completely blocked out everything. - Oh, yea, thatik you; just one more glass. Waiter— cheese, Jtochefort. I leanecfback in my chair in despair. It would have been possible to have seen the ghost's feet or some portion of an actor flitti g across the stage had not one of the fem ilei (ho'fr vi6ious y 'lie Said females) worn a huge excrescence ;iround her'neck, as wide as an Elizabethan frill, but in shape more tike th.-it of a jew- lizard. Hamlet came and wished that some of his too solid flesh would melt, thaw and resolve itself into a dew," and that is juBt what I wished for these three women. But I could only be advised by Polonius " to give my thoughts no tongue nor any unproportioned thought his act," hear all I could and see the play, " in my mind's eye Horatio." " So I put my opera glass in its case and began to look around at my neighbors. Nearly all the " lydies," as they call themselves, were chewing something: They had bags and little baskets in their laps. The woman's ears in front of me went up and down regularly like the piston rods of a steam engine. Even her hat moved, and I was in hopes at one time that she would chew it off, but it was there to stay. 1 thought of a camel camp at Coolgardie or a herd of cows in Kent lying in a meadow. (" The ruminant operation of this claes of female possibly acts upon their inferior intellects.'' Nettleby is, like Brown of Table Mountain, "a most sarcastic man,'* hnd he seemed rather pleased with himself at that conclusion. I thought it rather rude, for Amy, you know, she always eats chocolates at a play or in "church, and I have to pay for the sweets ; and her intellect is alright, don't you know, or she would not suit me.) . Hamlet Revised. 