A Ghost 3tory. ': \\! : EXTRAORDINARY CORROBO RATION;. In the 'Weekly Mail.''ofrMayv 141 there appeared one of. the* most remark able stories of a clairvoyant character that has ever been published. About a. quarter of a century ago a young man. named George Arthur, a son of Mr andi Mrs Arthur, of Benstor, New- Cum nock, Ayrshire, left Australia forborne on board of the sailing vessel Supcrb. His mother — a woman w hose truthful ness and reliability were altogether be yond d ispute, and whose story- was amply verified by the members of her house hold, by the Rev. D. McQueen, Dalr keith-road, Edinburgh, and. the Rev.. A. MacDonald, of the-U;P, Manse, Old* Gumnouk — saw in vision all that befel her son from the moment he -set* foot ou ibe deck of the ship- till he was con signed to the sea. To quote the words of Mr McQueen, 'She.- could deseribe the poiut from which he sailed, .the-crew of the ship, his fellow-passengers* She saw her son struck by a ball of ropes (a cork fender.) .She saw. him put' into a, strait-jacket and lowered into the hold of the ship. She saw them playing cards on deck and putting the counters' into her son's pocket,, which were actually found in his clothes when they came back. She could describe the berth . her son occupied, the vai ious paris of ?. ship, with an accuracy, that was^surpris ing in one who had never been on board; ship. And last qf! all, she told the manner, of his burial, the dress^.and: ser vice that was read^ the body moving, the protest of one passenger that hewac- not dead. She ? had a. succession- of ? trances by day and' night which are- un paralleled. She. saw some of 'the -painful scenes in church, and has been, , known' to cry out in horror and agpn.v.'' On board' the Superb a, fellow- passenger, with Mrs Arthur's son was a young' man, Arthur Gilmour,. by name,, whom the Benston farmer's- wife saw frequently in her- trances, and whea be came home she went; through, to- East Kilbride, where- he was. residing ??with his brother, to see him.. Whenever fee entered the room where- she was. waiting to receive him, she rose- from her ehair and exclaimed — =?-' Why did; you allow them to ill-use my. son ?'' He- s-tarted, and said, ' Who. told you T And in reply she- began her, terrible record, and continued: it so graphically that, when she had; closed, the young ° man fainted away. It is from- this, gentleman,. My Arthur Gilmour, now of Allan's Flat, Victoria, that we (Weekly ' Mail'), have received corroboration of- tlie story tokl in these columns in May, aud now briefly sum marised. His letter inns as follows : — ''Allans- Flat, Victoria. ' Dear- Sir, — I read your article about George Arthur and his mother, aud what took place on board the Superb ship going home. It is all correct, only there was more. I never told his mother that George was out oi his mind when he was killed. She did ' not see him knocked down by a sailor with a hand-spike, but she saw him carried along the deck and put down t\s forehold. In the mornins; he was dead1 right enough. I went down and cut ofr a lock of his hair and took it home to his mother. It was quite correct that when she came to see me at my brothers house (James Gilraour Fieldhe.ad,. Elast Kilbride), she knew me, although she had never seen me except in hen vision. She would not let me speak, sat down beside me on the sofa, and tokl; every thing* that took place exee-pt the blow that killed him. I did not see- the blow, but some oi the. second-class passengers saw it all. Arthur Gjlmour.' :,.-;3Ir;,Gilmpflr's .letter p»ts . the capr.on oh e of th e; mo st ' 021 traor d i n ary tales thai;, have ever been .given to the public wr$j full corroboration of .authenticity. Th§i;ei is not a link wanting in the qfeiin.. Everything 'is ?complete, and tbe- pro gress of the tragedy is tracea&b; from the very beginning to the sail consum mation of death by violence and hxxwX at/sea* ? . ' :?' ' 