Parliam entary Dolnga. relating to Miss H ylan. H e s 1T S5: were eomplete except one private letter end some telegrams of wh’ch he had not kept copies. Members had nothing to fear in the matter. The House went into Oommittee of Supply, and a lengthy discussion ensued on the question of tee arrears alleged by the Auditor- Gederalto be due to bun. The Premier related the fsote onoe more, and replying te some remarks of the member.for Brighton be denied the right of the Legislative Council to interfere with financial matters aod tbe policy of Ministers. M r Humphrey Page compared the eateries of the officers of the Audit Department paid iu 1889 and those for 1899, but he forgot tee altered circumstances of tee oase, and that tbe officers now in the service are all better off. The Attorney-General placed the matter in a nutshell. M r Israel bad been only too ready to aoeept the position on aoy term*, and that the Attorney General defied eny one to disprove. Mi W. H . T. Brown hoped that the Premier would keep up his fire and fight the Legislative Council. He would make one to do it. ^ The member for Campbell Tbwn complains that there were permits granted to men to drive engines for machinery’ for outting wood. Boys were put in charge of the engines, and tbe mao was never near it all day. That ought to be p ut a stop to. The Premier promised to look ioto tbe matter. Tbe Leader oftheOpposition wanted to know what arrangements had been made as to tbe Agency-General, as the term expired in September next. Tbe Premier said that Sir W estby Perceval waa quite prepared to coutioae the officer from year to year, and there was no arrangement entered into. The present term would oonolude on September 80. M r Bird pointed out that in view of the resolution of tee member for Kingborough ie was desirable sot to make 4ny prolonged appointment M r Page waste to know why Obureh of Bnglsnd Chaplain is paid £100 and tbe Church of Rome £76, why not put them on the same footing. M r Hoggins eontendod that something should be paid to dissenting chaplains. The Premier had not notioed tbe difference, and Mr ex-Trea*urer Bird put members on tbe right track. The money was paid in reality by tbe Imperial Government, aud was an arrangement entered into when the colony took over the charge of tbe prisoners. M r Hamilton lost his temper over tbe Estimates, be was engaged in talking to M r Crisp, and ac item passed about which be wsnted to say something, hut tbw Chairman of Committees soothed his ruffled spirits, and all nroceeded well. There ie a rumor abroad that the member forGleoorcby, io eompany with one or two others, is anxious to find a pretext—failing that to (make one—for breaking off his allegianoe to tbe Rraddon Administration and joining some one else, and when he threatened what he was going to do it looked as if tbe rupture was about to take place—but it did not. Some time after there was another ebullition, bnt the end ia not yet. M r Bmith raised tbe question of tbe Launceston Benevolent Asylam not getting more money. The Premier said be thought the difficulty would be got over by thegraot of £400 this year, but this money, M r Fowler said, had been paid to the Benevolent Society, and not for the Benevolent Asylum. The Premier said tbe Government had readily oome the assistance of tbe Society, but — could not understand why they should be asked to give £160 more for next year. A large number of items were agreed to with little discussion and of no pablio importance whatever, the proceedings being very dreary and dull. M r Hoggins at last raised the question whether tbe State School Exhibitions are to be sumed. The Premier at one time was ardent believer ia toe exhibitions aud they could afford to carry them out on - large scale he would support them again. Past eiperienoe, however, showed that tbe Exhibitions did not reach tbe class they were intended to, namely, tbe poorer classes. The Premier bad, when pressed, a considerable amount of doubt as to whether the University bad bees a good substitute for the Exhibitions. Mr Hoggins made another appeal for justice to he done to the poorer members of tbe community in this respect. I t would would only cost £240 per aonum. Mr Dobson followed in ihe same strain, and told the Committee how the Exhibitions were taken off. B e also reviewed the caaes of tha sons of poor men who had gained tbe higher scholarships whioh led to University degrees. The question of drilling was the next •oint dealt with. The member for Brighton understood that all school teachers bad to be aoquainled with a certaio amount, bnt lbe Mersey Board of Advice had drawn attention to this. Agricultural education waa another matter M r Dobson wanted to know about. He approved of tbe Launceston Board of Agrieulturs'r recommendations on this head. The Premier said that he hod under consideration a scheme for te e formation of an agricultural school. As to Exhibitions, it would be misleading to have the item postponed. He would, however, suggest to M r Hoggins that he should prooeed by way of an address to His Exodlency. M r Nicholas Brown csid the Treasurer had pointed out the best course for the member for Hobart to take. An attempt was made to draw the Premier and to induoe him to commit bimaelf to bringing down a m enage for Exhibitions. All he could say was that if the House gave expression to its feeling in that direotion be would not use any taotios to prevent the matter being carried ont. The member for Oumberlaod threw, Bot ft wet blanket, bat an overwhelming""flood of water on M r Dobson's scheme of agricnltnra! education in fitate Schools; it was lost io tbe waste of waters, Mr Pftge would have the Exhibitions offered to all primary schools. I t was a great injustice to confine. them to State fohoole only, M r WooUnough wo* of a similar opinion.: H e raya Wbat ia sauce for the goose is also for te e gander: hence denominational eehoola should be as muoh entitled to compete for tbe Exhibitions as tee Stete schools. He considered that tee present system of education was a bogey, a ghost, • sham, a t any rate i t was far from eomplete. He wanted girls to be taught cutting-out and economical management; but when asked about cooking, be thought that waa too diffiottit to be Unght in B u t, .ehooli. M r McWilliams hoped that the Rzhibitions would be naueoitated, b u t they oould not reeogniee privateachools. The Leader ef tee Opposition was in favor of Exhibition#, and hoped they would be re-introduced, available to all children from all schools. The matter was discussed for a couple of hours or more but nothing new was enunciated but many repetitions and platitudes—only that and nothing more. The member for-Riugarooma enquiry.** to the torpedo boat, and tee Premier replied that anyone oould hare it if they paid for i t In reply to eome derogatory remark* as to the value of the boat, Sir Edward Braddoo Mid that the ledo boat waa not to be despised; it !d be made use of if circumstances Required. H e eouli not cay th a t the navy of Sussia would tremble at it, but ii was something, and, he ooneluded pathetically, it ia our own. M r Lewis has, 10 be eays, tried to disabuse Ministers' minds .that they are heaven-born Ministers end the country eonld not do without them. Everyone had congratulated thou so muoh that eoUoquilly they w e n getting a *'swelled head.” Then he prooeeded to Snake the head bigger by adding his Wannest commendations for the reappointment of Colonel Legge as Com* ttandant, and expressed a hepe that be adequately remunerated. Does anyone now get adequately remunerated?” asked the member for Queenborougb, who prooeeded to assert teat the torpedo boat was not to be despised. He had a relative in the lteSffS1^ ^ who ‘“trod him th at the fear there were torpedo boats Molded. The P „ mier „ ,id ^ jnl)!11. ■1, m ih tie Truhn1of tb . Home .nlhoriiie.. They vrented .n office im t from aot.ve doty h»d .0 muoh “Sr" eonfidmce h10 ‘ (Jolonel (lh" W o o to brmg the torce up to , .fete o fiffl. oioocy th .t ho had induoed Colonel W o o to re-jora. The Homo ■uthoritieo Eod mode a luggoniou whioh almoit amounted to on interference. The Jjooder of the Opposition was not anrpm ed at the interfereiiee of the Homo Government, become wo are in partnership with them, and they expected no to here np to-dete officer, and equipment. • Several members were opposed to tho continuance of offioe of Police Heeietmto aod Commissioner of Police being held S”d tb# item post* poned. Then M r Smith urged that tbe oonntry msgietratea ehonld be replaced with younger men, . . msny now were phyolMlly incapable of do,ne their duty. p io h i! i e T “ I* JPoli" Clerk i t iff."‘J i" * ? . i *Te “ tnoreese of ealary. The officer in qoesUon, Mr-A. Johnetoo, IS weli.knowo in the district and o ut of 't: ‘ “d h*d b»“ *>thoot a n , increase f0P J Attornoy-Geoeral is going to see that all ftrtnre aopoimments to tho magistracy shall be legal men M r HartnoU ie sore at the feet that all tte pneoeers are eeet to the Hobart Gaol; it wai domg Ltunoeaton a gross mjnstre. that lb . loog.seotoaoed men were not kept there to do the ornamental work in the reserree. The Attorney- Geners! remarked that the working elaeeos ehonld be all the bettor pleased that prisoner, were not brought into eompehtion with them. M r Dobson suggested that the member for Lannshould add to tho number by again ebstonctmg the footpath. Tho Leider of tho Opposition would be prepared lo let ttiem have the lot, hut the Attorney. General said that they had not sufficient to form a couple of good gauge. Other Lennocston members followed in the jealous northern ,1, r t" epint ° iii “war d th exhibited ,t in us worst form. Members absent during the whole of lbe sitting — Sm Philip M e, m m 7’ B°tke" L atham , Miles, W ho* r*7, Hall, A lengthy di.cn.sion took place in the Council yesterday regarding the appointloom here on the Metro, poktan Drainage Board. M r Grant, who introduced the Bill, pointed on! that the cittxens fongbt itroegiy eg.inst the nominee system, and so etrong woio his arguments that he e n c o d e d in getting the number reduced from fire to two. Dr. Hotter, in epeaking on the Metropolitan Drainage Bin the Council lest ®f hope ' ”r ,h' / nt?re «*»rding the reducing i f - the typhoid epidemic. After alluding to the bitter experience of tho .mount of typhoid introduced into a city properly drained, he ptinU>d on[ t£ , t citizen, might expect an ab.tement of too dread visitor if ,b „ e w.s anchor “et through ° n° V‘ j “Sl P* j1 a terrible waste of water in the city through the medium of garden tops, and Dr. Butler told the Conncil yesterday if the Corporation would only pot a meter on those pardons which used the city water somewhat freely there would be found an ample supply for drainage flushing pnroose» The member tor Huon endorsed what the doctor said end said that garden tap* were the iete notr of tbe Waterworks Department Hon. C. H. Grant is a practical man to his finger tips. When it was known that he had charge of the Metropolitan Drainage Bill in the Upper House hon. mem- ^ ey.w°nld *»e allowed to gaze . little further beneath the surface then second readings generally ellowed them. They wow nol dlMppomled. The hen. member for Hobart did wh»t he h u l to do well, and although Ihe Bill was nnintorcting to the Hone, as > wbol., msny of its occupants, when the opening epeecn was ooneluded, had added oon.ider.biy to their stock of information on drainage matters. H on. John W ateborn, as a rale , does not talk m uch. W hen h e doe* ta lk he is practical and oommonsense. H e pave bis views on m etropolitan drainage ves- i * ? ' LtD/ LSiid th *1 this outcry which had been raised about river pollution was a bogey, m anufactured to fn g h teo those who h a d w eak nerves, la k e the city sewage into deep w ater, rem arked th e hon. m em ber fo r H uon, and you w ill not be annoyed by it. The Hon. member for Bnckinghsm epoke well yestordey on the Dminego ^i! * deep drainage and efficient drainage, bnt he does not want tho suburbs to be sxddlod with mere than tbeir fair whack. M r P ieete soanned the Bill very closely in Committee, and he certainly improved a number of its clauses. He fr a ” grafter “ at ihe Committee table ia Mr Piesie. | 