Sporting Notes. 0 [BY QtL-Eito.] CYCLING. On Saturday last the Touring Club held another successful run, about 25 lady and gentlemen riders turning oat. The rendezvous was Mcckie Crossing, where, on arrival, games were indulged in, for over an hour or so, when a start was made for home, York being reached at 6 o'clock. A most enjoyable time was spent. To-day the Club ran to the base of Mount Bakewell, smarting from the Post Office at 2.30. On Wednesday several ladies and gentlemen journeyed to Beverley per wheel to witness the sports gathering there. I am informed on good authority that the ladies covered the distance-22 miles-in two hours. Not a bad perfor mance. So pleased is Mr. Martin with the riding of his daughter-Miss Lily Martin -who, mounted on a Swift, cut ; out the running to Beverley and back, that. it. is his intent; o a to allow her to establish a record for lady riders between York and Beverley at an early date. W. J. Egeleston, with 100 yards handi cap, won the Five Mile Race at Beverley on ^Wednesday last in fine style. The Maiden Bicycle event, on the same day. fell to W. J. Langsford. On Sunday last a party of a dozen tourists rode from York to Spencer's Brook. A start was made from York about 9.30 am., and the Brook was reached about 11.45.. The visitors spent; several hours there, and sat down to a capital repast prepared by Host Qalleen, who spared no pains to. make ihecycIiBts at home. The wheelmen speak in glowing terms of their treatment at the Brook, and intend making another trip there shortly. A start for home was made shortly after 3 o'clock, and York was reached about 5.30. With the exception of a tyre "blowing out" nothing more serious happened. . A new aspirant to the World's Mile Record is A. A. Chase. On Saturday, July 30th, he attempted to lower thenn paced mile with a flying start. The Englist " Cyclist" staites that en route he " broke the world's unpaced flying J-mile, and reduced it to 29 seconds." Great Csesar's ghost I " Qoaro " must, ; how ever. remind the " Cyclist" that Walne rode the unpaced J-m!lte flying start in 25 4-5th sees, on Slay 27th last. Talking of records, if the times re ported from America for the middle dis tance paced matches are correct, England and Australia have a great deal to learn about pace following. -Twenty miles in 35 min. 18 sees. That is travelling. The *'canine nuisance" has now be- ; come so great up in Biisbane that a large and influential deputation waited upon the Mayor of Brisbane, asking that some thing be done to safeguard cyclists from the numerous dangerous accidents that have recently been caused through owner less dogs wandering round the streets. The Ma; or promised that the citywonld be cleared of the pests, and has given' in structions that all wandering dogs be captured and destroyed. Similar depu tations should now be made in other towns where the trouble is rampant. The use of the pneumatic tyre , has cat a big slice off the old trotting times when the sulkies were fitted with solid iron tyres. - These_are now replaced with SOiix. wheels built similar to bicycle wheels_and . fitted with Westwood rims (steel),'and Dunlop detachable tyres. . All the time tests at the recent Melbourne Agricul tural Show Trere made with pneumatic sulkies, the winning time being Calitta's 2 min. 26 sees, for the mile, driven in rain and mud. The Australian cycle record for one mile is held by," Swift" Walne in 1 min. 38 l-5th sees. The! local agent; for the Swift is Mr. J. Martin. ' F. White, the overlander, has one ^ ambition, and that is to represent Aus tralia in next year's Bordeaux to. Paris Road Race, 367 miles. Negotiations are now proceeding with that object in view. The Melbourne Cup and the Austral Wheel race are both handicap's and both ridden over a distance of two miles on grass. The record for the Melbourne Gup is held by Carbine at 3 min. 28i sees, when he was 5 years old, and had been asked to carry the enormous weight of 10st 51bs. The fastest Austral was that of '96, when Charlie Kellow "won it from Bob Walne, in 4 min. 29 sees, or one minute slower than Carbine. The paced record for two miles on a prepared track is held by Platt-Betts in 3 min. 27 4-5ths sec., or a little faster than Carbine's two miles. 