THE GHOSTS OF WOODSTOCK On© of the best stories oY * haunted - house to that which is related of tbo Royal f Paine© fct> Woodstock in the year 16-19, ■when the commissioners sent from Loudon by the hong Parliament to take possession of it and efface nil the emblems of Royalty about it, were fairly driven out by their fear of the devil, and the annoyances they suffered from a roguish cavalier,who played the imp to admiration. The commissioners, dreading at that time no devil, arrived at Woodstock on the 1 Mth of October, 1649. They took up their lodgings in the l.ttc King’s apartments, turned the beautiful bedrooms and withdrawing 100ms into • kitchens and sculleries ; the council-hall into a brew-house, and made the dining room a place to keep lire wood in. They pulled down all the insignia of Royal State, and treated with the utmost indignity ovotything that recalled to their memory the name of tbo King. One Giles Sharp accompanied them in the capacity of clerk, and seconded their efforts apparently with the greatest zeal. He aided them to uproot u noblo old tree, merely because it was called the King’s oak, and tossed fch© frag ments into the dining-room to make cheer ful fires for the commissioners. During the first two days they heard some strange noises about the house, but they paid no great attention to them. On the third, however, they began to suspect they had got into bad company ; for they heard, as they thought, a supernatural dog under their bed, which ciiawod their bedclothes. On the next day the chairs and tablos began to dance, apparently of their own ac cord. On the fifth day something came into th© bed-chamber and walked up and down, and fetching the warming-pan out of the with drawing-room made so much noise with it that they thought five church bells were ringing in their ears. On the sixth day the plales and dishes were thrown up and clown the dining room. On the seventh day they penetrated into the bedroom in company with several log3 of wood, and usurped the soft pillows intended for the commissioners. On the eight and ninth, nights there was a cessation of hostilities, but on the tenth the bricks in tho chimney* became locomotive, and rattled and danced about the floors and round the heads of the commissioners all the night long. On the eleventh tho demon run away with their breeches, and on tho twelfth filled their beds so full of pewter platters that they could not get into them. On tho thirteenth night the glues became unaccountably seized with o fit of crucking, and fell iuto shivers in all parts of tho house. On tbo fourteenth there was a noise as if forty pieces of artil lery had been fired off and a shower o( pebble stones, which so alarmed the com mie^ioners that, “struck with great horror, :they cried out to one another for help.” They first of all tried tho efficacy of prayers to drive away the evil spirits, but, these ‘proving unavailing, they began seriously to reflect whether it would not bo much better to leave the place altogether to the devil that inhabited it. They ultimately resolved, however, to try it a little longer, and having craved forgiveness of all their sins betock themselves to bed. That night they .lept in tolerable comfort, but it win merely a trick of their tormentor to lull them into false security. When on the suc ceeding ninht they heard no noises they began to flutter themselves that tho devil was driven out, and prepared accordingly to take up their quarters for the whole winter in the palace. These symptoms on their part became tho signal for renewed uproar among the fiends. On the 1st of November they heard something walking with a slow and solemn pace tip and down the with drawing-room, and immediately afterwards u shower of stones, bricks, mortar, and broken ({lass pelted about their cars. On the 2nd the steps wero ngain heard in tho withdrawing-room, sounding to their fancy very much like the treading of an enormoue bear, wliicb continued for about a quarter of an hour. This noise having ceased, a large warming-pan was thrown violently upon the table, followed by a number ol stones and tho jawbone of rt horse. Some of the boldest walked vuliantly into the withdrawing-room armed with swords and pistols, but could discover nothing. They wero afraid that night to go to sleep, and eat up muking fires in every room, and burning candies and lamps in groat abun dance, thinking that as tho fiends loved darkness they would not disturb a company surrounded with so much light. They wore deceived, however, buckets of water came down the chimneys and extinguished the fires, and the candles wore blown out, they knew not how. Some of tho servants, who had betaken themselves to bed, were drenched with putrid ditch Water ae they lay, und arose in great fright, muttering incoherent prayors, and exposing to the wondering eyes of the commissioners their linen all dripping with green moisture, and their knuckles ted with the blows they had at the same time received from somo in visible tormentors. While they were still speaking there was a noiso like the loudest thundor or the firing of a whole park of artillery, upon which they all fell down upon thoir knees and implored the protec tion of the Almighty. One of the commissioners then arose, the others still kneeling, and asked in a coura geous voice and in the name of God whu was there, and what they had done that they should be troubled in that manner. No answer was returned, and the noises ceased for awhile. At length, however, ns the commissioners said, “ the devil camo again, and brought with it seven devils worse than itsolf.” Being again in dark ness, they lighted a candle and piuced it in the doorway that it might throw a light upon tho two chambers at once, but it was suddenly blown out, and one commissioner said that be had •' seen tho similttide of a horse’s hoof striking the candle and candle stick into the middle of tho chamber, and afterwards making three escapes on the snuff to put it out.” Upon this the same person wns so bold ns to draw his sword ; but ho asserted positively that he had hardly withdrawn it from the scubbard beforo nn invisible hand seized hold of it and tugged with him for it, and, prevail ing, struck him so violent a blow with tho pommel that ho was quite stunned. Then the noises began again, upon which, with one accord, they all retired into the pre sence chamber, whore they passed the night praying and singing psulms. They were by this timo convinced that it was’ useless to struggle any longer with the powers of evil, that seomed delcrmined to make Woodstock their own. These thingH ■ happened on the Saturday night, arid, being repeated on tho Sunday, they deter mined to leave the place immediately and return to London. By Tuesday morning early all theii preparations wore completed, and, shaking the duat off their feet, and de-i voting Woodstock nnd nil its inhabitants to the infernal gods, they finally took their departure. Many years elapsed beforo the true cause of those disturbances was discovered. It was ascertained at the Restoration that tin; whole was the work of Giles Sharp,- the trusty clerk of the commissioners. This man, whoso real name was Joseph Collins, was a crticealcd Royalist, and had passed I113 early life within the bowers of Wood stock, so that he knew every hole and cor ner of the place, and the numerous trap doors ami secret passages that abounded in the building. The commissioners, never suspecting the true state of his opinions, but believing him to be revolutionary to the backbono, placed the utmost reliance upon him ; a confidence which he abused in the manner above detailed to Ids own great amusement and that of the few cavaliers whom he let into the secret. 