AMAZING CREDULITY. Repositories of unreasoning superstition are often wonderful. One can understand the credulousness of romantic and thoughtless girls . and women as to the so-called revelations of the palmist and the fortune-teller. It is a weakness of disposition dne to ignorance and curiosity about the future— a curiosity which, no doubt, most people nurture, but which wise folk would scarcely care to press to satis faction. But when learned men, hard-headed, apparently unimaginative men, business men, adopt the most obvious superstitions and vagrant fancies about the occult, we may j indeed marvel. Dr. Johnson believed, if we remember rightly, in the Cocklane Ghost ; in his own day we have Sir William Crookes, a leader in scientific research, avowing credence in telepathy and kindred fanciful and unproven powers; a recently-deceased Judge of the Supreme Court of this country, whoso name would appear to most of those who know him to be a synonym for praeticableness, was a credulous mystic on one side of his nature. Lately, we came across a list of other Englishmen, litterateurs, lawyers, and others, who had a maggot in the brain as unaccount able as those in the cases already mentioned. A very recent instance of credulity dis covering itself in tho last place where it would bo looked for to lark is that of Mr. Harold Frederic.' He was an American journalist, a successful novelist, earning a magnificent -income in London at his profession. He was described as self-willed, as a man over whom no one could domineer, and when , in October ho became seriously ill, at first he sum moned doctors, but proved by no . means a docile patient. He smoked, be drank his whiskey in defiance of the doctors' orders, and they were obliged to let him do pretty well as he pleased. Yet this man of keen intellect, of obstinate will power, delivered himself for his cure into the bands of a Christian Scientist. Deliberately he put aside the doctors, who were doing as much for him as his solf-will would let tliem, and called in a Christian Scientist named Mills, who for a fee of one guinea ;a week, attended him. What Christian -science is sho described at tho inquest on Mr. Frederic's body. For the poor gentle KOPn died, though possibly with proper medical treatment he would havo recovered. ;Ho was not himself a Christian Scientist, though, according to one witness, ho had con fidence in the good effects of Christian scionce. And, that is — what ? We quote a summary of ,t3io evidonco of the practitioner who received [ one guinea a week for tho loss of her time fipparentty, for other scrvice she did none. /Mi's. MilJfi said 'that to bo a Christian S 'dentist Qpc bad to bo good and to obey the la'*, *£ Gopl) to know truth and to lovo it. She .did ,noi treat Mr. Frederic with drugs fr.uiwithiCrod'spQweronly. Sho told liim whon ] .-said :liis hand was paralysed that he must ye. Scat Gotl, and ho would bo strong and well. In eisossiexamination witness summed up Christii.1'^1 acionos as belief in God. If sho broke a leg G.od .cquJd, she declared, heal it.' It Would be' if.utue .at tins timo ana noro io cxpi'css what C?iUo fo&ls; about profossois of Christian scicncey ?a,s thus depicted by ono of themselves. But when wo are assured, as wo somotimes are, th &£e f&ith; is past, we point to such exa t^jplos ,of blind, unreason ing credulity as th w -?* Mr- Frederics, and take leave to qu ^siion the assurance. Thero must bo many folk' in Great Britain and America who believe tln.^ disease can bo thought out of existence, i 'ov the teachers or thie crazo havo issued a book wh^u costs 17s Gd to buy, and which has rca c*led fts l^Otn edition. Tlio suporstitioa_is ovi.**on*'J ™ spread and extending, and as we . *w^ts ntlmm flinn tli n nnlflamed and hun/bio. yvo profess a confidcnco in tho enlightening powe/.' of education. Bnt in an ago when edu'^wojj has lieen so widely diffused that he who raDB may read, wo find it sadly true that if knc,-w' ledgo grows wisdom lingors, and that men o'f the highest intellectual endowment may be the slaves of a credulity as contemptible and os raw os over affected a negro worshipper pf Mumbo-Jurabo, 