SPORTING. The Sydney horses Ti:o Chief and the ' Grafter, who are likely to play a prominent i vTln'i the B!'pr0l^ll''lDp pbr'ni:ir^'--:g'in | on Friday morning, lloib looked re'inarkubl y Ihe steeplechase rs U.Z , EvanB'nr.. and Happy Jack have arrived in Mi llourrie from Adelaide in charge of M. fJnRin. T I , r \ are htaving fit ,1. Harper h. at M-ilvern. Hainiui't and Once More lmve alsT arrived from Adelaide. The Sydney two-ycnr-olds Hock of aScb and Ol;at«loinc hpuried ha'.f a i::i!c i-i .Vise: at Canlfleld on Fridav nmrning Ho!«ter Clarion, April Fool, und IVillip did slror;g work, finiBhing up with a Bprint, The up country two-year-olds Rol-gill and Wyes':, y got over three furlong* in - lst:c. The winner cf the two vtar-old race in Adelaide on Saturday, Tafloch, is by the Virago, by NeckersgaL from Meg Merrihes, liy GatJg Forward. Princess of Wales and Gnullo, both nf whom have been bached for the Cauhiehl Cup, were runners in the October Cup at TsttcrsaU'B Clnb meeting In Adelaide cm Saturday. Neither git a place. The win ner, Trapper, is by St. Swlthin, hire of Mer Lcrd Roseberyhas baduriqnc misforiucc In the Jockey Clnb Stakes, one of the coveted 10,000 bovs stake* decidcd in Eng land. ^ The cable says that be ran ^coi.d Cyllicna with V clria^uer nnd C belaud r v , and lie injured hJmlElf l)T falling in tbc Hurdic from Little Marv, and was in J. K'. RrTwcr's stable. A horse was alin killed in Adelaide na Saturday. This was Sackings, by Ham let's Ghost, who was a pretty fair performer With the luxurious weight of 7b; 61b | Devoted mav l-e cxpccted to run well In | ihe CaulBeld Cup. He was bandtcaprwd as 1 a non-stayer, but the way he finished at I the end of the rv.Ue and a quarter Ktand ' Handicap at Flctmngton on Saturday bIiowb sprinter. Carrying htt, he won with the lhe majority of whom he v.tll meet on much belter terms. Bunyan, w iio rati second, ' will meet Devoted on exactly tbe same relative ttrmB at Canlfuld De\o'.cd is 1 very fit. ^ Mischief, who ran third was looking well, but Maruaa m'.!, it is under stood, probably benefit by n few more gal lops lie sba[-ed fairly w li on Saturday, bat Spencer, who waB well up in the ht tirg quotations cut up l.vilv, anil Trent and Manfred again ran hkr co'mmor.' rs ?There waa (says the .4 rot hinp un certain alxjut tbe way Bobadil beat his fleld in the Octo--er h;aki'-- on fi.i'.urdav. He won the Nurre Warren Slakes t;ir proious week 1 In g.jo 1 style, but on Saturday bis MCtnrv | over George Frederick and Co. was even ! nothing could ^ma'ke him pallop in the last ciuple of furlongs. He war. well in hand, j with George Frederick filru^gling on 1 (cj^mely, it must be admitted) iu a vain Gray s colt, it is said, was galloped on in the race, but under any circuu-.BtanceB the result would huve been then.\mc. I n a word, lioba at any raie), and on riaper the Derbv looks a cerrainty for the St Albans colt. Ucnrge Frederick is probably the B?cind bc.Bt of the year, aud with the two coHs it lookB like Itclng a c.ise of Grand Flanrur aod Progress over agiin. WnhBobadil out of the way George Frederick would m*v have been re garded uh a great colt. C k;ob wiu aUi gal ultout the hocks. Catspaw shaped K-st of tho cider horses, He ran Ocorgc l^rederiek to a head, and there can he no doubt that he will shape well in the Caullicld Cup. He is improving everyday. Among*! the linrrcB figuring iu the race 'was lhc Padlock chestnut ltosebcry, who showed plenty of pace, but is not yet rend v. He is built on much heavier lineB than the majiritv of the horsea by i'adlock, who himself is not a big horse. Tbe time — 2min SjBec — wns exactly t he same as t hat registered for the Narrc Warren Stakes the previous Saturday. According to the times taken by Mr V. Heath (of Gaunt and CoA the pace was faster at the [hush in the Nnrre Warren Stakes than in the Octo'.jer SiakCB. Hud Ilobadl! l-cen pressed in the run home on Saturday he could certainly have clipped » B;cond off the lime. Tlie la?t half mile wne run in Cl^sec, as ngainBt 4'.'l»cc the previous Saturday; lhe last six furloDg* »0 lmin 1 'Jscc, against lmin 16sec ; the last mile in ] ',c As soon as Bobadil paiod the posl for tbe October Smkce his price hardened for the ' Derby, a wager of £700 lo £400 l-eing laid back to 6 to 1 offered, with 10 to 1 olfered was backed for the CaulQeld Cup at £1000 to £100, audHymeLtuB was again well sup ported ftt 100 to 7. Thunder Queen whb 1 backed at £G0Q to £25, Holster at £10u0 to £2.1, and Cptspaw at £1000 lo £60. The double Bobadil and Mnsainissa for the win £5003, and fc^hadR^IT Dreirnland and Bobadil and Woodlark were Buiiporled occurred (ti}-s the Age') »t an earlv hour oc Friday morning Rt the Albury railway whic^w been spelled there lh! 'prevTo'^ Light, had been placed ip the bone box on the Victorian rails, and when tbe box, which of Lbe dock to be attached to the train derailed^ and befS^fth? WB^s^mSd the box, which weighed 10 tons, was drawn for 80 yards, the^ wheele faring np^the liiion^wub thegguard'^n o^ tho^ral^Hnd killed. Th'a Rocc n pa nls 'dV ^the' boi™ w-re 1 Am1 eritc, Oravat, Kirry, reliiiier. Stand OA. Superb, Capador, Rowdy, and Blair. ? Doggan States ibat it «vRB a Sin shave for I tbe horses. AmUrito l^came vcrv fracrions, : and Kirry g t hiB forelegs our Lhe maig^r, j hut wnB extiicatud from the ijosii iua with out being hurt. Tbc offlcUl statement as to ihe cause of the accident li that oalv the bolls on tbeoonnealiopBcf lhe uolati broke. The boiBCs had Uj remain in t\t boxei for Is Fridav lafiemoou, vhen thay went oa by wpuld tot liloF n to pro«ed, 