MRS- STEVENSON. ON CIGARETTES AND EGOTISM! En route to London, Mrs. Robert Louis Stevenson was in New York at the beginning of ApriL Mrs. Steven son, New York impressionists say, is a slight woman. Her eyes are like black velvet, sombre, inscrutable, fathomless. Her face is the face of a sphinx, her nose is Straight and OrientaL there It the ghost of a dimple in her pale cheek, her hair is as black as her eyes, thickly flecked with silver, cut short, falling in curls about her neck, and growing low about die temples. She is composed, intense, repressed in manner, she makes no gestures, she 6its in a large chair, both hands loaded with barbaric rings resting lightly on the arms. Her very attitude again suggests the sphinx crouching in the desert. And so on. New York impressionists are eloquent. When you look at her daughter, Mrs. Rose Strong, -who is with her, tropical in color, lustrous-eyed, with the face of a gipsy, a sybil — you see what fihe must have been when Stevenson fell in love with her, the impressionists add. Mrs. Stevenson was her husband's comrade. 'He taught me how to live,' she says, as a far-away reminiscent look steals into her eyes. As Stevenson was thoroughly unconventional, so is his ?wife. Stevenson, smoked cigarettes in cessantly. Mrs. Stevenson smokes cig arettes. She frankly admits it. She has always smoked them. She sees no reason why she should not if she likes. Nor does she see any reason why other women should not smoke if they like. 'I have no objection to a woman doing whatever she may please,' said Mrs. Stevenson, 'as long as she does not make herself obnoxious to others. A woman may smoke in the privacy of her own home or room. On the piazza of a hotel is quite another affair.' 'But this is a topic I do not care te discuss,' continued Mrs. Stevenson. 'What I most disapprove of along the lines of unconventional occupations f-f women is the modern erotic school of fiction. That is an arena woman should not enter. In point of fact I see no rea son for the existence of the modern an alytical school of fiction. I mean the hideous school of mingled eroticism and medicine. What possible purpose do such books serve? As romance they are a total failure; as hospital text books they are of no value. Literature,' continued Mrs. Stevenson, 'should be wholesome. Because there are un pleasant and indecent tilings in life, is that any reason they should be served up to us as mental food*' Reference was made to the unhappy marital life of Mrs. Frances Hodgson Burnett, and Mrs. Stevenson was asked — 'Do you think that the literary life unfits man or woman for domestic happiness 1' 'Not necessarily,' replied Mrs. Steven son ; 'if the wife of a literary man loves him she is jealous, not of his work, but of his reputation.' 