llE^TOiWRiSHv Qarence Mangfield sbood under the clear ?Qtomn moonlight' in a aeclnded spot ii flyde Park, a homeless, hopeless, etrickej man. -? He ws* filled with despair too dee) for words, and the moec bitter thought ii his heart was that lie had been brought t- this terrible pass by his own mad folly. Thi quiet stars shone above him ; and the nigh' winds sighed mournfully through the tree* and amid tbe long grass as the despairing man moved slowly along, and then snnk upon a seat with a groan. A sound struct his ear — the boor called aloud by manj clocks. He mechanically drew from hit pocket a handsome gold watch, and by thi uncertain light regarded its face. As he re I placed Che watch in bis pocket a bitter emil- ?' crossed his pale face. ' What matters thi ? our !' he said aloud. The man was in that ' lonely spot with a fearful purpose — ha hac come there to die. Yes, in that soli tar] spot he intended to take the life that had greira an intolerable burden, too heavy to - be borne, a curse instead of a blessing. If had come to this : he, a man in the first ' bloom of manhood, no longer wiehed t* live. Disgraced by his owntactLons; he had ^o courage to face the world he knew — 1 rather would he leig- unbidden into eter nity, and brave the perils ha knew not. H« drew forth a revolver, sad placed it upon the seat beside him, where it. lay i|ith a pas sing ray of moonlight^ faQing through dm \eaves, and glinting on its polished surfact ike the smile of an evil spirit, sinister and deadly. ' I am lost, body and soul,' said the man, removing his hat slowly, with a wild thought of prayer Sashing through hit brain. He raised the pistol, and placed iti cold muzzle against his burning brow. ?' Hold. What is this ?' The voice startled the suicide. H- lowered tbe weapon, and gazed at th- speaker in angry surprise. The man seemed to have sprung np from the path-way os which he stood, so suddenly had he ap- : peared. | ' Who are you ?n asked Mansfield ? haughtily. I ' Never mind me. Who are yon and ? what are you doing 1' . ) ' Why should I render an account ol ! myself to you, ?' asked Clarence defiantly. ' I am a desperate man,' replied ths other, calmly. ** Like yourself, I came here to put an end to an ill-spent life. Now, before we die, let us talk a little together. Moralise by the sweet, silver light of the moon. Why 4o you kill yourself ! I do it because I am haunted by tbe everlasting shadow of past ill-doings, my dead past, aa you may say. They talk of angels weeping over lost einnera ; well, they can weep over me if they have nothing better to do. I can't do any weeping myself. I once owned a mansion in yonder avenue. Now I stand under the starts without a shilling in my pocket. I saved sixpence to buy poison, but it must have slipped out through a hole in my pocket, and I found I had only a half penny left. I knew it was useless to buy my with that— a half-pennyworth of poison could never make au end of a tough citizen like me, so I walked up here. I have that half-penny left. I'll give it to you for a loan of your revolver, for bad as my credit is, I don't want to die in debt to yoa. I'm not naturally mean. Fll die first.' Mansfield looked at his new acquaintance in perfect astonishment. What sort of man was this to die with a jest, albeit a bitter one, upon bis lips ? He appeared about 35 years of age ; he was tall and thin, his hair and beard were light brown, straggling and unkempt, and his clothing were extremely ?habbv. His eyes were bright and piercing, of a peculiar light grey hue, and his lone, slim, white hancLg were constantly in motion, betrayiog his nervous tempera ment. He constantly kept lookiqg around him, as if he dreaded he knew not what. ! ' Who are you f asked Clarence, for the J stranger seemed restless under his scrutiny, j It was a blunt question, but two meg bent ; upon suicide couia dispense with ceremony. I ' I am Alfred the Great, Christopher Columbus, Napoleon crossing the Alps, the Ghost of Hamlet's father. Moral, anything you like, * A rose by any other name.' What's 'the use of arguing over one's name at a time like this ! Let ue study cause and effect, devote our last moments to something useful. The causes of my present condition axe too much wine, too much card-playing, too much worse than doubt ful company, and lastly, a big speculation in grain that went the wrong way ; the effect of all this being-that I can't stand it any longer.' ' 1 did not inquire your name from idle curiosity,' said Ularence. ' I was struck by tbe strange circumstance of your appear- j ing just at the moment yoa did— just when j I was about to either put an end to my « misery or plunge headlong into a worse.hell ( ?han tbis.' ....... ... j ' There is no hell unless we make it so. ; Look around you. Could mortal eyes gaze - a pon a fairer picture ? See how the golden j moonlight gleams on the moving billows o! ] grass, wet -with dew. See the graceful ? shadows cast by those tall trees, in whose ; branches slumber in peaceful repose -myriads [ of living things that have only obeyed the i . voice of nature. They are happy, and, as | someone says, * Only man is vile.' All my ' troubles have come from myself. I never \ tried to do right. You have not-eithorf or you would not be here.' . I ' I have tried sometimes.'* , | ' Did you really 1 Well, I didn't. Now, . as ... I have answered your question, yoa - answer mine. - Why are you going to die T* ' I am a villain. I have been transact-' ' ing business for my father. . I was sup- ? posed to be smart, and, of course, trust-. ; worthy. W ellv I got into all eorts of bad j company, embezzled money, and thought I ; could, replace .is ; then gambled to better , ... myself, lost all- I had, and, to make a long j story short-, I've been going. to the devil for three years ; ; now Pve got there. My : ? father has discovered all, !and £ conld nob «ftce him, and above all my mother. X aould not see any way out of it but this. I Red from home three days ago, and JPve . been .wandering, around ever since. My , Father is stern and strict,, and I've been ? expecting to , be arrested every moment, j _ He jxiusc feel it terribly — and my' poor ; j mottifer ; I am her only child, and ehe lores ] mej ^-as proud-of me. Father wotfid fehink t bothihg of putting me in prison. Bat the i worst oi Bins yec to De .coia—a giri,a loveiy ' girl, the daughter of wealthy parents, is ' foolish enough to lo*K3SffirmPffiE»'TeBaaTlhe i hsue been iiving m a dream. 'It seems hard ; she dioul3!havjs %uch cruel awaken-; i inj|. I bave destavyed e«'erything that '] mighit lead to 'my iden' tiflcatioh , so I 'ian ! ojoiy ^^^a^in^tTO|^«c^nd_ Lucfle jm^'J fliev^'knoWjwijafc tacW^f nii?'- ' - if rfoi i «??'' % intji j unable to con tinwk t-' tHIe ? ^ P W.'StiBi panion took a seat, for he-had Wa j ' ;v ,. .'-.-wi. ftix - ':s;; -1 ' ? Jv ' '? IkTyou know I tn tery hungry!* aaiU Clarence's new Mend. *' Give me toe pistol, and let me make an end of this bus ne«s for it is uerfess to endure mora digca—» fort than is absolutely necessary.' For . the second time that night Clarence had drawn his watch from his pocket. ' By the way,' he said, as he glanced at it, ' this watch must be got rid of ; it has my monogram upon it* What Eh all I do with it f *' Have you got a watch 1 Why didn't j you say so before ' Let us go and pawn-it. j We can at least have some supper, and not j go buogry into the next world.' j ' Why, this is childish. Take the watch I. end welcome, but leave me alone. Go 1 j Perhaps you may see some reason why yoa j should live. Good bye.' j ' No. In the first place I intend to stay j with you to the «nd, and in the second ; place 1 can't pawn your watch, for if £ do | they will arrest me when your body ia found. Come ou, you are not die man I take you for if you will let a fellow creature die hungry.' Clarence rose reluctantly ; he wished to get quick ly over bis fearful task. It might be that he feared his desperate courage would fail him if he delayed. ' Come on, friend,' urged the stranger, and the yo&ng; man followed him. ' Now we can talk more at our ease,' eaid the man of many names ; slipping his | hand through Mansfield's arm as they found themselves on a broader path. He talked on, and Mansfield was struck by the force and originality of bis remarks, and varied nature of his information. He was both witty and well read, and seemed to have more depth of character than a casual observer would have given him credit for. ' Give me the watch,' he said, when they, were clear of the park, ' and meet me in yonder restaurant.' ' It is too late to pawn it now,' replied Clarence, placing the watch in his hand. ' Not at alL You are unsophisticated, my young friend. This is Saturday night, and this is the witching hour wben the spider, whose sign is three golden balls, catches more flies than any other hour in the day. Proceed to the restaurant, and IU be with you anon.' Clarence obeyed. He walked into the j restaurant- and took his seat at- one of the tables. A waiter came to take his order, but he told him he was waiting for a friend. Left to himself, a flood of painfol thought* came over him. The presence of his new acquaintance had banished them for the moment, but they returned with redoubled force when he was once more alone. He regretted that he h»d not carried out his terrible intention without delay. and blamed the chance that brought the other wretched man to the same spot as himself. While painfully musing he took up a paper that lay before him, the 'Daily Telegraph,' and among the ' Personals ' this caught his eye : — ' Clarence M ? , Come home. All will be forgiven and forgotten. Mother is desperately ill, and asks for you constantly. — Father.' What a wild tumult of joy and sorrow surged, through his heart. Overcome by the tide of feeling-, he laid his head down on the table, and tears of penitence streamed from his eyes. Those tears were not un manly ; tbey washed away the bitter feel ings of anguish and despair, and left Clarence Mansfield a stronger and bettei man. Just as be conquered his emotion his new friend entered. He saw at a glancc that some new tide in the affairs of men had turned in his companion's favour. He eat down and silently placed a pile of money before Mansfield, aud then ordered supper for both without asking one question. Clarence understood the delicacy that prompted him, and, touching his arm, laid the paper before him silently, indicating the notice. ' I am glad, from my heart,' said the stranger warmly, pressing the youtig man's hand as he spoke. *' You see, it waE well you followed my advice. You will return, of course ' Yes, return, and with God's help try to atone for the past- and deserve my father's mercy. And you !' ?ale i un, l ii nnisii my supper and then go back and finish my work. It is nc ; use for a.e to live.' j ' No, you shall not. Come with me tc Dalston. I shall teli my father when and how I met yon. He employs over a hun- ' dred men, and you axe not too proud to : work for another man at- present, as you ^ have no business of your own.' j The only.answer Clarence received was a , hearty squeeze of the hand, and in the ! piercing eyes of his companion he sasr tears j well up. Next morning saw both men on their way Co Dalston. When they arrived these they went before Mr. Mansfield, and Clarence, told their story. The stern man was deeply moved, and in broken tones he blessed and forgave his erring son. He also extended a kindly welcome to the stranger, who gave his name as Herman Everiee. Mrs. Mansfield was very -11. but the eight of her boy's face restored her. Ever lee was placed in the coupling- house, and proved himself a valuable assistant honest, keen, and industrious. He remained in Mr. Mansfield's employ four years, and . then requested leave of absence to go on a visit. He returned, after an absence ol .four weeks, with his wife and child, the latter a lovely boy of sir years. All his friends were tilled with surprise, as tbey bad ' always, supposed -bim an unmarried man. 'That is what filled me with despair,' he said in confidence to Clarence. : ' But my brave Mary fought on alone tilii had been here a month, and then I wrote and told her all. Since then I have sup ported ' them, and now I am once more a happy man. I have gathered furniture by degrees, and althoujrh our home is not much like our, former mansion, Mary loves it, and eave she was never to happy, and £ believe her, God bless her.' . Soon after fcbis Clarence also went away on leave, and brought back his brljle, the beautiful Lucile, who had loved him so long and so devot©d-y. She knew hie. story, and was willing to trust her hoart to his keep- ' ing, and time proved that her confidence was jjot' misplaced, lie became one of the leading mcr. iu his busitre#? aud social | circle, respected by all, and well beloved : by* relatives and . friends, an honoured father and a bai'py husband. j Years after, wLenTHelirm was known as | Mansfield aud E'orlce, the partners set | acide a sum evtiry year. It was sent to a 1 ? well-known clergyman in Whitechapel '(jc ; be used by him for tiie purpoee of assisUtig 1 just such desperate men as t-hey once hadH been — meu driven to (iespair by the fraitt j of their 'own fatly. The fond waa* secret I to the partncr*,-kiisl was called by thfeto 1 'Our fund for thoj* who ans * Readv te i ?Jfcrfcb.'* !? -? -? .r iv.3|gtgiamt mfc 'M Y«.*V ? ?? j 