CRICKET CHATTER. By FELIX. ST. EILDA V. MELBOURNE. Delightful weather and perfect wickets gave batsmen another opportunity on Saturday to swell their already bloated averages, and a glance at the colossal scores shows how (splendidly they improved the 6hining hour. If the present condition of things keeps on much longer bowlers will probably go out on "strike." They will want either an additional stump or a narrower bat, or a slaughter of caretakers for preparing such excellent wickets. As for the poor Tasmanians, they will have "Bulli soil" on the brain for the balance of the season, and "Trumper" sounds so like their own delicious "trumpeter" that they are bound to bear in mind the pleasant-faced Sydney colt and his great batting performance. I feel almost glad that I'm only a net bowler now, though, mind you, the exercise our trundlers have while 600, or 700, or 800, or 900, or 1,000 runs are being compiled must have a whole some effect upon the system by tending to maintain condition and inducing that sound sleep so refreshing to a tired man. We must all admit that the majority of bowlers, not even excepting the Tas manians, earned their night's repose on Saturday. Ordinarily you would reckon the M.C.C. total of 428 as big, but it seems small and shrunken when contrasted with the mam moth totals made by other pennant teams and by New South Wales. Charlie M'Leod's 189 not out and Brace's 93 tot up to 282j so that the nine remaining repre sentatives of the red, white, and blue and sundries added only 144. I cannot say that Charlie shaped in his best form on Satur day in supplementing his 110 not out by 79 not out. It is true he made sound ■ strokes all _ round the wicket, but there was at times a lack or decision suggestive of inability to get true sight of the ball. When he had increased his score by 22, he was badly missed by Mar shall from a gentle tap back to that bowler. At 177 he spooned one of Fitz gerald's up towards point, but the sun was right in Crighton's eyes, and he com pletely lost sight of the ball. The ball be fore thiat was bit very hard back to l'itz ferald, wild got it hot cn the right thumb. 3arlv in the bfternoon Charlie sent one slowly kafck bver Fitzgerald's head, but the bowjer/enrried forward by the impe tus of 'flyivfil"v, could not turn in time to try for A eaten- • The M.C.C. innings te: imnnted.at"&2 minutes to 5 o'clock, and al lowing foF-tbe adjournment, Charlie was batting for ah hour ana 60 minutes, in all, he took live hours and 25 minutes to compile his runs, and he hit 19 fours. Spine of his strokes on {Saturday were capital, and, as usual, his leg-play materially aug mented his record. Wilson added only six to bis 25 (hot out), when be was held by Freaipe, at tlprdmarj, off Fitzgerald, rite colt Russell ' mistimed one from ritz gerald, the result being that the ball bit the back of the bat, apd went to the off, to Freame. ■ Busscll was trying £ leg stroke. U'his fine, all-round colt fr^h 'tbe £«>Uh College has wot got gou^-yht; but I hoi c HmttrisWo trutlrin toe atatement that he is likely to be shunted hy the M.C.C. se jeetion committee. -He is ■altogether t o an nil-round player to he discarded use of a run hf had iuek for two or ihwemningB. A-tolt«fhmpromiseand calibre sliouldke __ given; evhry encourage ment." p are nu'11 betod several- beautiful- cuts, and be seamed tomfembly^t ppsedof biim,fy A.;E-.^bhnsbit thf®® 6 * cesave foura in %iB l9. _jlhey V,crcn,,,„ gjjg Saint# workedreahy wpll "in -the ««*[• Burton stood up to IJtzgerald s fasted, and kept 'wl^et throughout in good form. l|Ie'itoaiptlK;^hinped Atftfmg^Aitken, who was very ill at cpe to ^kprald- - . jgjter howled w^andat troubled every batsman.ELe got seven wickets 156 off 279 halls. On^atnrday be tookJK« Jor 55.r Marshall, top, deserves cordial praise lor hW howling. Imping a 6°, sound ju«w ment, 'and Mff^ih^mtes.in not securing lUCUhj ttUU -WU AlWM ^ ' nlfl cbariffeM<i ptdk,Boberfr ^' "T:'oi off 156 balls. A sup-j „ cot one 'cnii.ts did not think it was! S?-f^rA Bruce silly point ? good 11,0^vilP„ Trumble was bowling. A p trinivnn ^ V. «1l iMivlif fnr fiffAt* / ' ?vinVflH WIUJn j L (1)C "move; was all right, for aftet I'L?a dozen m excellent form the little! fZuin povi'pd one into Bruce's hands,; ". i... Sainis sujijioi'teraelcnowJeditedtiia? \- " w;i— and"'^C. G. Wilson nlayed.an L ff.is llllf ?i l.irited game for 37,, IWttch Leellent lind.^ He made two or, three Included o* ' j" „ capital cut, Wod cne ^f rffHr ve «e looked fine off d" -inched one of _C. M Leod s, ine oil i \miehed one ot O. ML<e fuddc"1-^ Widened at the sight # the| and inidiiiK-nct awaiting, the Trun,b As Air Hatch put it—"Trumble cbaneo- ^ ' t1; jandiug-net and gathers just PVls,,° (Yjchtoii struck me as some-l them 'n- .b uc played, in fact, like a ffhat u,'f J; P<1 practice. Still, he made; X'tt strokes to the off, and was gvcral. Jon„er he stopped. At 8 im|iraVrfaliiu missed him at long-on off; Crddou was captured at point TrumUe. <\- c,., j jf Johns was rough webalk fit® Fitzgerald, Pciy those three hulls iroiu jciczguiuu, * Ui, wan was equally rough on three fast ones /rom Wilson, w hom he cut beautifully clean and hard for two 4's, and followed this UP pi' another 4 off the next ball. 30 (not out) was a decidedly ■KVM on-nithv performance. Jtucgenio, wno fnnt out) to his name, made one, „t int for V o)V Wilson. The score 1,0 ; ,t 4'nr 4 oil \T USUU. owic ^e(- c„ 103 for three wickets. Trumble wicket for 39 off 96 balls; jl'Leod, two lor ou **> uou, IfilsoD, none for 25 off 24 balls; and (iregorv, none for 23 off 42 bails. Johns • . ,m nrtmirably, and Bruce lidded grt wicket admirably, and B: ;Ais best trim. Indeed,., the fielding ail round was capital. 11 4 FOR C58. The genial Carlton president now refers , win,, as " one of the six hundred. ' to W'arne as What to day's play will bring forth no man iflon'eih, but, so far as Warne is con cerned, it seems a case of " bowlers may 1 1 1-.— »*.-«' "ft Tnrnniv «!ne and bowlers may go, but Tommy ®r; ;,n for ever." He has already been m goes uii ■ — possession two Saturdays, and tbe full term of his lease rests in the womb of futurity. Those clear, bright eyes of his sparkle now trith health, which was not too good last 1 - - Rasoii The general voice of Canton pro-; claims that. Tommy is himself again, the, imperturbable, steady, defensive bateman. udiose serenitv no bowler can disturb. 1; am rather inclined to think that tbe Jxtch- j mond bowlers arc getting a bit full up or j Tommy. Not that they don t like faimj (even bodv likes him), but, somehow orj other, Dick Kelly, Slioll, Wade, and Co. are under the impression tlxat it is about time Tommy cleared out from that pitch, j So far he lias 314 not out to his credit, and j his play on Saturday was devoid of error and occasionally marked by varied and j strong strokes. I was nearly going to tell | vou that his defence was impregnable, but there is no need, because you laiow that much yourself. Worrell's rattling 78 in- • dudes eight 4's. Thinking he had a sure j i he tried a pull, and was caught by; Ensthnugh off Sholl, and missed by same' fielder off same bowler at 68. Collins did sot give a chance in his 88 not out, but he seemed wanting in energy, balls that could have been driven being played gently to the field, lhool.es, who made a spirited L5, played on from nearly a yard off the. wicket. The wickets fell, two for 393, three for 415, four for 418. Sholl, who got. hvo for 133, bowled well, and Fendle in die early stage also bowled well. I m\\\\-Ksm'i:\ v. east melbouhve. Hie Jolimonters on a perfect wicket con tinued against tbe Hawks and gave them any amount of leather-hunting. The posi tion at the close of play on the preceding Saturday was 318 up for two wickets, Stuckey (not out) 103, Laver (not out) 88.: 4t 375 Laver was caught at the wickets by E. Rush for an excellent 114, his play for the 2G being just as good as it was for the SS. In all, lie wa6 batting for two hours ' and hit fifteen 4's. This is Laver's third j century this season out of four hands in pennant cricket. Stuckey added 72 to his 103, and his display on Saturday was faidt-; ess, every stroke being well- timed and all; Jong the carpet. He succumbed to a ; loiter from Jones after batting for four j Mirs and ten minutes for his fine score of 75\. He hit 23 4's. A highly meritorious j ind entertaining exhibition %vas that of ! carter for 91, and it was a pity that his 1 vsolute and telling essay terminated before 1C had put on the slate tbe seven which Vould have landed him in three figures; He hit ft fiver mto the pavilion reserve, and 13 4 s. and these strokes and all the rest he made inducted that concert between hand and eye which makes manifest to the ex perienced onlooker that a man is batting in his best form. _ Indeed, Carter's batting at present, combined with his bowling ana admirable fielding, should gain for film' a place ui the team against Tasmania. He1 was held by E. Rush at the wickets, andl .J1.18 m 1 hour 50 minutes.' Christian shaped in sterling and spirited 1 style for 69, which included eleven 4's. His off strokes were particularly strong and sweet. lie got his runs in 89 minutes. HowlettTs 56 • was also a' sound innings, marked by neat cuts and' drives, and he had bad luck in being' I bowled off his pad. Seven wickets fell, for 666,and then two more were despatched right away, the score at the close of play standing at 666 for nine. Dinsmore got his first wicket for 152, and then improved his average by getting another instanter. O'Connor, who bowled capitally at times, took three for 136. Not 1 a chance waB given by a Jolimonter on Saturday. SOUTH V. NORTH. Giller carried his 89 (not out) to 149, and he maintained from first to last that cool,! confident, and attractive style character istic of him ever since his days of coltdom. ! The india-rubber cover to his bat handle! worried him, but as he had only' one bat with him he had to go on with the worrying cover. He1 gave a chance at 119, and another1 on the first day at 85. These are the only ! blots on an otherwise excellent essay. He ! | hit eleven 4'a, and was butting for four i hours and three-quarters.. Jones made ■ [some nice off-strokes in his 30, but he gave 1 a chance at 18 to J. Carlton in the slipsi i off A. Carlton. Others doubles were R.' . M'Leod 21 (a somewhat lucky innings), j I Armstrong 20, and Tatchell 14. The in 1 nings terminated for 429. A. Carlton got' ; five for 102, J. Carlton one for 77, W, | Carlton one for 68, Maplestone none for j 61, Saunders two for 36, Bean one for 56, ] ; Bundle none for 5. Had it not been for \ ,breaking his run of bad luck, and playing, i I as his admirers termed it, like a "toff, j : Gerber would doubtless be again left out I of the North first in the next round. As ' ; it is, his 62 not out averted a collapse, the i : score at call of time being only 93 for four j wickets. It is stated that Gerber gave ; two chances at the wicket, one at 10, the other abont 60. His strokes all round were j artistically executed. W. Carlton's 25! not out was a creditable innings. J. Carl-1 ton, "Mape." Bundle, and Jas. Howlett are vesponsiulc'ior a"jojnt contribution of; 5\. Kemp toot three Wickets for 33, Arm- j strong nonecfqr/11, Ingletou one for 39,1 Giller none foMk ^ * UNlV.EH&TVTV;^, FITZROY, | When four Fitiroy <fj<;kels" were down' for SO, and Bob^IiteheU'iBijbsequently came 1 spcedllv to grief, it'was "jpdds; that the University tofel of-202 wotdd ^not be pawed. Hut Best 'to-Jfet Beckoned with, and so ably difl^e^gfcnjl'the tim bers tliat, aided l>y tli&-«atty Ambrose Tarrant, runs gradually came, until hope began to tell a flattering tale for Fitzroy. Ambrose made 27 in first-class form, and Littlefield played a genuine game for 26. Best all along kept up an ena, and when Sharpe, the last man, joined bim, 24 were wanted. Very few, indeed, thought the runs would be obtained, and great was the joy of the maroons when the pair safely negotiated over after over. Sharpe did his share like a Briton, and presently the University total was headed, and 1 ml Knuckey breathed freely once again. Best deserves most cordial laudation for lus 64 not out. He watched the ball well, and, realising how much depended ou his sta>"ing, he took not the slightest liberty, and had the signal satisfaction of receiving the heartiest compliments from his comrades. So pleased, indeed, were Fitzrov supporters that they sub scribed for a bat for him in recognition of his exceedingly opportune display. C. Miller took four .for 60; Meares, two tor 74; Stewart, two fox 48. ^ At their second try University lost one for 1/, C. Miller making II. LEAGUE MATCHES. In reply to the Williamstown set of 218, Coburg started full of confidence, but Han nah and Worroll sjieedily caused a change to come over the spirit of the Coburg dream. Man after man rapidly bit the duet, and the only doubles in an aggre gate of 120 are Dr. It, Mailer, 45; Morg. Irwin, 20; and Jim Patcrson, 14. The doctor and Morg. batted well. Worrell sent down 54 balls for 5 runs, 7 maidens. 3 wickets. T. Hannah captured four for 38, Thompson one for 40, Henderson two for 10, C. Grubb none for 12. Williamstown have 34 up for no wickets at their Becond try, Murray not out 22. r. Blackham came out of his shell pro ■ jperly for Brighton with a fine innings of _ 110 against Port Melbourne, out of a totalj of 258 for eight wickets. He played a ; thoroughly sound and clean game. The next to him was Todd, 37 (not out), and i Thompson ranks third with 35. | In response to the Essendon set of j 229 Malvern scored 250 for seven wickets, j 11\. M'Lean batted in his best trim tor 78 i (not out); his strokes all round being first-rate. Other creditable performers were Jno. Ballantyne 35, Horan 34, Con nelly 32 (not out),, and MTnerney 22. COUNTRY UT.EI^. Everything has gone on splendidly for the cricket week, and our visitors have ex- ] pressed themselves as fully satisfied. At. | Fitzroy on Monday, the Southern District 1 defeated the Western, for whom Green- j wood, of Warrnambool, stonewalled for 52 j out of 108. For the visitors, H. Mitchell batted nicely for 30 (not out), and other creditable performers were C. Bailey 28,! Morgan 25, De Little 28, Wright 22 (not i out). The record was 148 for five wickets, i Wright took three of the West for 6. On j behalf of the association, Mr. George Moir i gave the teams a cordial welcome, and i Messrs. David, of Ballarat, and Melville, of j Hamilton, responded. Mr. and Mrsi P. Knuckey entertained the teams at after-1 noon tea. Three cheers were given for the ■ hosts, and another round for Mr. A. E. Clarke, who had done so much to establish j the "week.*"' | On the East ground Captain Pleasants made 100 in his best form for the Eastern t District, and then retired. I was very j pleased with the batting of Reed, a strap-1 ping young fellow who made 60 in capital j style, his off-driving being quite a treat to j watch. H. Kelly, a son of the old, and i dead, and gone "point" of the M.C.C.,1 batted freely and well for 43, and the total' was 276 for seven wickets. Though the ! Midland had J. Harry and other Ben-' digonians in their team, they were dismissed for 139, to which M.; Herring contributed 40 in good form. At the luncheon Mr. A. E. Clarke wel corned the teams, and Captain Pleasants ' and Mr. A. D. Freeman responded. Mr. j Theo. Fink, M.L.A., gave one of his enter taining speeches. On Tuesday, the winners on Monday, > namely, Southern and Eastern, had a | tussle* at South Melbourne, where Sam j Morris, to use his own words, had pro-' vided the "best wicket I have prepared for two years.'" The Southern tested it first, ] and endorsed all that Sam said about it.; They put up 310, of which W. Morgan made 117 without giving the ghost of a chance, i He went in first and was out seventh, and played like a book all round the wicket. Jack Baker, the old Carltonian, shaped well for 42; and Mitchell's display, also for 42, created a very favourable impression, bis cutting being specially good. Wright acquitted himself very well indeed in com piling 39 (not out). Sullivan, who took five wickets for 63 off 198 halls, may be con-, gratulated on such a capital average on a perfect batting wicket. In the time left the East men put up 56 for one wicket, R. Keys 30, Captain Pleasants 17 (not out). At luncheon Mr. James Aitken, president of the South and of the association, wel comed the team, and Messrs. David and Pleasants replied. The New South Wales team had been met at Spencer-street by Messrs. M.oir and Heather, and, after a wash at Scott s, : they visited the South ground, and had J luncheon with the teams. Mr. Milson. their marager, responded to the toast ol, the New South Wales team, and in the; ; afternoon they left for Adelaide. M. A. j \oble and Trumper look uncommonly; well. To look at Noble, no one would ever dream that he had jusi re.-igned Ins , billet. I In the match at Richmond, (he "Western | compiled 24 i for eight wickers, innings ue- j : claved dosed. Greenwood batted pa 1 tieutly for 65 not out, Hardaeie got 64,' M "Donald 4b and Rusdeu 20. 1 he Mid land sent up 47, without a wicket dowu, | in an hour and three-quarters. Mr G. 1J. | Bennett, president of the Richmond club, i welcomed the team, and Mr. ineo. 1' ink j also spoke. . 1 A brilliant victory was gained by t aptam j Pleasants's team, who topped, for the loss of six wickets, the 310 sent up by A. M. ] David's eleven. Captain PleasiidK^d CS Duff 78 (not out), and Sullivan ol (not At East Melbourne the Western District compiled 225 against East Melbourne. Rus den was top, 43 (not out). Laver took eight wickets for 67. The East had two hours to make the runs, and in the tune they rattled up 240 for four wickets. U artel played a splendid game for 102 (not out). He hit a grand 6 to long-on, a liver, and eleven 4's. Clarke also batted well for It (not out), which included ten i s. Mr. A. E. Clarke, president of the East, entertained the whole of the country teams at luncheon, excellently served by Mrs- j Pearson in the K.M.C.C. pavilion. Mr. j Oarke referred in cordial terms to the. "country "week," and bis firm conviction, was that it would prosper as the years rolled on. Mr. W. Bruce spote on behalf of the association, and Messrs. 1 leanants. j David, Melville, and Freeman »"fP«nded for the country teams. The health of Mi. A. E- Clarke, proposed by Mr. A. SI. Da\ ia, was heartily honoured. On Thursday, the metropolitan team kept possession from noon till drawing time at 6 o'clock, when the record stood at 358 for fiix widccfcs* The highest scorer was the oolt Warwick Armstrong, who shaped excellently for 10b when lie chopped a slow from Murray on to his wicket, ae was hatting for two hours and 33 uuiiutes, and did not give a chance. To Murraj s slows he was uncomfortable at starting, but altogether Mb essay tends to confirm the Ugh opinion expressed as to his ealiore on prior occasions (mis season. His cutting and driving were first-rate, one on-bit rattling into the smokers' reserve at express meed. D. Mailer played a "beautiful game for 43 without giving %. chance. His off itrokSs were perfect, laver let out when iriihin four dfthree figures, and was clean bowled by Sullivan, who sends down a good ball with a hit of off work on at Smes. Laver hit Beren 4 s, and gave three dances. Collins did a bit of superfluo^ Nourishing in his - * ewuwfcediwM^h^ ; the sting out 1n | for 172. The country players did not bat' up to the form expected, and shortly before 6 o'clock they were all out for 198. Morgan batted soundly for 40, and Murray, who had three lives, put toother 48 rapidly. Sullivan shaped freely for 28 (not out)v Laver took six wickets for 43 off 129 balls.'' The town players won by 245 runs. NOTES. In the entertaining sketches of old York-1 shire players lent to me bv Cockcro,ft, the - caretaker of the Warehousemen's-ground,1 there is one about the Bev. E. S. Carter,' who visited us in 1869, and played for Vic- i toria against New South Wales. His fine: batting helped materially to the win gained ' by Victoria. Iiis trip to Australia was due to an attack of pleurisy. When he; got on board the sailing shin he weighed j lOst. 101b.; on reaching Melbourne his! weight was 13st. 41b. "Aa lock would have it, the first man I saw in Australia, at the end of the Sandridge pier, was 6. P. j Robertson, who played with me in the j Oxford eleven the year before. He was! living in Melbourne, so at once got me! down to the ground, and enrolled me as a i member of the Melbourne C.C., with the j result that I was chosen to play against: the -Aboriginals, and against New South! Wales, at Sydney." In his study Mr.' Carter has a well-battered bat, inscribed thus—"Presentfd by the N.S.W. Cricket! Association to Edmund S. Carter, for' highest score in the intercolonial match, New South Wales v. Victoria,' March, 1869." Mr. Carter says:—"Those who have a 1 weakness for trying their luck at a wish ing stone will be interested in my own experience, which was certainly very j curious. At 14 I became a King's scholar, at Durham, and when my course was i nearly run there I paid a visit to the Finkle Abbey wishing stone, and I wished three things, all most unlikely, as I then thought, to occur. The first was that I might go to Oxford, the second that I might play in the Oxford eleven, and the third that I might row in the Oxford boat. Tfyey all came true, the first two within 18 months. I won a scholarship, which took me to Oxford in 1864; in 1866 and 1867 I played in the University eleven, and in 1867 and 1868 rowed in the Oxford boat—and you will see my oars here on the staircase wail. Only about eight other gentlemen have gained these double bluesy of whom Justice Clfitty, Canon M'Cormick, late of Hull, and the Rev. J. Aitken are still living." As a boy Mr. Carter used to play with the Laiigtou Wold Club. Parson Trueman, of that club, uad a special cricketers'.grace for use before and after luncheon. His grace before meat was the simple exclamation "Play;" his grace after meat was "Over." While coaching from Geelong to Warr nambool they came across a man driving a horse and cart. Said Mr. Carter's com panion on the box seat, " There's a name sake of yours." Mr. Carter got off the coach, and spoke to him, and presently the man said, " You're not one of Parson Carter's sons, of Malton, are you?" " I am," I replied, " ouly he's not Parson Car ter of Malton now, but of Slingsby." Then he rolled off the names of all the, villages round Slingsby. When I asked him what he was doing in Australia, he re marked, 1 didn't pay my own expenses. You see, I was under-keeper to Lord Car lisle at Castle Howard park, and there n< a little bit of a misunderstanding be tween me and Lord Carlisle, lie 6aid all the deer in the park were his, and I thought some of them were i mine, so we came to a hit of a trial aboutj it, and they turned out to be all his." On returning home, I found that what my lol-j licking namesake had told me in the Aus tralian bush at 3 o'clock on that Much morning in 1869 was quite true. He had been transported for shooting deer. Mr. Carter state that in a match at Oulton there were four or five parsons in the team. After three of them had got about 40 or 50 each another clergyman went in, and hit the first four balls he re ceived out of the field. The bowler then1 relieved ins feelings by the remark, " Nak; then, is there ony more o' _ tkeease1 lueenisters to come in? I didn't come 'ere, tha knows, to laake at knur and spell." " The only lime I played against" the Aus tralians at Sheffield 1 was fielding al ternately at cover and square leg. I was standing near the scoring box at deep square leg, and twenty minutes passed be fore the ball came to uic. It came aloug with a beautiful hop, and I promptly re turned it, whereupon a voice in the crowd shouted, ' Here endelh the first lesson.' And, with a series of laughs and ripples, * Here endcth the first lesson ' went all round the enclosure." Mr. Carter played for a clerical eleven] of England against Lord Lewisham's eleven' at Lewisham. A lady wished particularly ] to see the clergymen bat, and on arriv ing said, " Oh, how lucky, the clergymen I are in." "How do you know, deav?" asked the mother. " Oh, don't you sec, j they have got their surplices on." "Of1 course the clergymen in question were tiiej umpires in their white coats. I believe] this story afterwards appeared in 'Punch.'" j At Hie Warehousemen's ground I met! the old St. Kilda howler Oeorge Wood-; house. He was to have played for the Saints against M.C.C., but did not turn up in time. He comes from Kanowna (W.A.J, ] and his holiday here will extend to Feb-' ruary. In the West he has played occasion-! ally, and one of his bowling achievements there is remarkable. He secured the whole ten wickets in one innings, every man clean j bowledi. He appears-'to be In the .pink 'of condition. i; *' I am glad to find that our old friend "Aph" Jarvis is looking up again with the willow. On Saturday he batted quite like the "Aph" of yore for 62. Another South Australian who acquitted-'himself in Al style on Saturday was Joe Darling, who was seen to great advantage jn com piling 94 (not out) out of a total of-393 for five wickets. 1 have received a little book, "England v. Australia." It is a review of the fifty one test matches between England and Australia, and furnishes a variety of sta ; tistics of a character that cannot foil ! to : interest lovers of the game. The pamph j let consists of about TO pages, and is well j worth the sixpence charged for it. The I records are compiled by Mr. R, H. Carap ; bell, and the book is edited by " Old > Cricketer," than whom .1 know no man , better qualified for the taskt I On Wednesday M.C.C. met the As ! sociated Players, and scored 287, to which ! Russell contributed 44, Raleigh 42, G. h. I Wilson 39, W. Houston 31, J. Curr 3L Cuffe 123, J. Blackham 18. Dudgeon 17, ana J. C. Dunlop 14 (not out). Fry took four wickets , for 34, Blake three for 51, Culpitt one for 35, and M'Shane one for 38. For the players j Fry batted brilliantly for €3 (not out) out i of 127 for five wickets; and B. Houston was all there in compiling 28. Wilkinson and iPyke kept wicket admirably. For second of Fitzroy against second of i University Hockin played a capital innings for 110. I should have stated last week that Sam Morris showed his best form in putting to gether 122 out of 195 made by second of South against second of North Melbourne. The intercolonial team will be selected on Monday at about 1 o'clock. 