PUBLISHED BT SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. The eft Wifygerafd THoffoy, fiulhor of "An Excellent Knave," "The Life and Adventures of Peg Wofifogton,1 44 How Came He Dead," 44 A Justified Sinner," "On Wheels of Fire," "The Host Gorgeous Ladj- Bleiaington," &c.;, &o.; CHAPTER XXVII.—(Continued.) uown to break tost unexpectedly, whilst Xady'George, Bigel, and himself were at the table. They. greeted her -with pleasure, .and assured her she looked well.- Bickerstetli accused himself of being an. alarmist, and iB the same . breath excused himself for being! the same, stating it was only one of the tricks of his trade to magnify an illness, that the patient's recovery might adver tise his doctor's skill. Oriana, who felt as might some poor forlorn ghost that had wandered hack amongst the living whom it loved, was pleased' hy her welcome—such a wel come as she would never again receive. 'For my part, I am doubly glad you are able to be down to-day,' said Lady George, 'for I fear I shall have to leave you to-morrow.' _' * To-morrow ?' repeated Oriana. 'Tes, and you would never guess why.' . ' There's a man at the bottom- of this,' stated - the doctor,, with mock gravity. - - ■/- : . .' IVhy, of course there • is,' she answered briskly. >. • ■ 'I knew it,' said Bickerstetb, tri umphantly. • • ' Perhaps,' Lady George remarked, 'you will think me a foolish woman.' ' I can only think of you as a delight ful woman.' ' If only he would,' she answered. - - 'But 1 do, I swear it,'- replied the scientist. 'I wasn't thinking of you, doctor.' 'Then of whom else, pray?' he asked, in playful indignation. 'Jly husband. I had a letter from him this morning.' . - v ' How indiscreet.' - ' He is going down to Grantham Hall, where his father is very ill, and he wants me to go with him just to. keep lip appearances before the duke, who has old-fashioned notions about married life, and who may leave us something handsome.' 'And you will desert us for that man ?' exclaimed the doctor, with an assump tion of resentment. 'Yes; I am to. play the part of a ; devoted wife. It will he almost as funny as acting in amateur theatricals in a back drawing-room,' replied Lady 1 George, gaily. 'Ah, the deceit of woman,'sighed the doctor. ' Now, I will tell you one of my secrets,' said Lady George, confiden tially. ' Tell me many. I delight in scan; dal,'-Bickersteth replied. ^ 'I have always been in love with my husband.-' - * ' How; preposterous.' ' Pray donJi. tell anyone, it would make me seem,so ridiculous; especially to him, if ever he heard of it/ ' The duke is very old,' said Kigcl. ' Yes; but although he is ninety he ' hasn't yet consented to die,' Lady George answered. . : '.People only consent to die when it's no longer possible to live,' Bickerstetli \ remarked. Oriaua rose and turned away. When presently the-guests were. out. on the terraces, Rigelsaidto his wife : ' So you are really better to-day ?' ' Yes, but I am yet very nervous, and [•want you to stay with me all day if you will, for that would comfort mc above all things,' Oriana said, plead ingly. • • . ., . I will do whatever you please,' he answered, gracious as ever: 1 Ah. how good you are-.to me,' she said, tears rushing to her eyes, tears, she was unable to restrain. ■ - . < • '. - 1 He took one of her hands between, his own, saying, ' Don't upset yourself, dear.' , ' You will let me keep uearyouall day;, for.that,will give me strength,' she persisted. • , . ' Yes,' he answered, humouring lier, 1 we shall spend • the day'together; all to ourselves.' Though he did not love her, lie know that her unquestioning devotion, was such us few men ever'receive, and though he'could not return it, hie grati tude amounted to affection, and led him to repay her by unfailing kindness, by considerate, tenderness. ' Your aunt and lady George are going , to call oh some people in the afternoon,' she said, ' and Iwill ask my father to take Dr. Bickerstcth for a ride,"so that after lunch we shall he all alone. Then you.will come and drink tea in my boudoir, and-I will talk to you.' - 'About what?' he asked, wonder ingly. , ' About ourselves. And now I will come with you to the library, where I will write a note asking my father to lunch with us,' And taking his arm. she led him from the breakfast-room, . On reaching the library she went to one of the. windows and looked with sad eyes on the scene before her. Under the^nfluence of this spring day, the whole world seemed to renew its youth, to luxuriate in the sun, to promise delight. It .seemed sfrange to remember she once had hated the sight of these peaceful valleys and the ramparts of those eternal mountains, beautiful now in the lights and shadows on their rugged slopes, in the clear outlines of their heights defined against the pale of the horizon. Never had the pro spect seemed so peaceful, never so fascinating as when she was about to elose her eyes to it for ever. A dull aching pain struck at the nerves of her brain. She felt suddenly faint, and turned to thetablc where Rigei was already at work. The time between breakfast and lunch went by so rapidly that Oriana pictured death - striding forward with cruel haste to claim her. With her eyes on the clock she counted the hours left her, aud again and again she asked Rigel questions, interrupting him in the writing of his letters, that she might hear his voice and meet his eyes, for soon she would be deaf and blind to tlicra. At lunch Lady Trentham asked that the carriage might be ordered for her at three:' She wished to call on the Lang welyns,- who lived some six miles away. Lady George was to accompany her, Oriana having excused herself. Her father and Dr. Bickerstetli had arranged to ride to Tyu-y-Grocs. Jligcl declared he would remain at borne. ' So that you two young people .will be left alone like Rob and Joan,' said Lady George. ' It is better that Oriana should rest,' remarked the countess, ' and besides she will miss nothing- in not paying this visit; fur these people are as dull as their pedigree is long. .They will be terribly respectable, . and .extremely fatiguing.' ' How I- wish T could give them a skipping-rope performance,-' said- Lady George:: ' Wouldn't it Svakie therii ?' ■' Hy dear; it would scare theiu.' • • Whilst her aunt' and Ltidy Gedrgo were prepai-iug for. their drive,- Oriana went into the rooms on the ground door, pausing to look round each vast apart ment, and to note objects that had always given her special pleasure. - - In one of th'c drawiug-rooms were'some presents Rigel had bought ' for her whilst ou their honeymoon, quaint objects of art picked up in -Italian towns. These she touched with tender ness, remembering-the day and hour of their purchase, a whole picture of each circumstance rising against its foreign background, he the centre of all—he who was' then and now as the core of her heart. ■ ■ Amongst them was a string of amber beads most curiously carved, which the vendor had described as an amulet. Rigel had fancied it, and bad wound it round her wrist:■ She tookit from its porcelain bowl, kissed it, and coiled it about her arm.- It would remain there until the.cnd. ■ . As she-closed the door of each room' she said goodbye to it,"wundering'if-al any future time the conscious self that surely survived the body's death might be able to return and Hit through theni,' a' sorrowful phantom looking on the living, to whom it would- be unable to make kuown its presence. The sound of voices in the great hall reaching her, she hurried there to find her father, Dr. Bickerstetli, and Rigel. The horses were already at the door and the riders-ready to mount. • ' Goodbye, dear,'her father said, as, after his usual fashion at leaving her, helightly brushed her check with his lips. She surprised him by takiug his fresh round face between her hands and kiss ing him repeatedly and affectionately. ' Goodbye, father; goodbye, nDd take care of yourself,' she managed to say before a sob choked her. ' Ho was across his horse in another moment, his high voice talking' to -his companion as they rode down the avenue. He had never understood her, never been m sympathy with her," but she knew he was fond of her, and this parting was heard to' bear. It would have been harder if she did not know that grief could never long impress his •volatile nature—if she did not believe her departure how would save him keener pain by-and-by. A few minutes later the countess and Lady George.came downstairs: •-'X am afraid,' said the former,-'I am the most unpunctual person in-the world. I meant to havo started a quarter of au hour ago. How, Oriana, have a nice rest whilst I am away.? ■ ' Yes, I will he certain to take a good rest.'. ' Then, au retoir, my dear,' said Lady Trentham. Oriana looked at her as if sbc would for ever fix that sweet and gentle face in her mind, and then bending forward kissed her tenderly with a kiss Lady Trentham ever remembered—a kiss that afterwards seemed to her like that of death. Through a mist of tears Oriana saw her and Lady George being taken to the carriage by Rigel. By the time he returned she had sufficiently recovered to compose herself to say: . 'I am going to mv boudoir now. You will not he long, dear, before you come and drink tea with me ?' ' I shall bo with you in half an hour,? lie replied. ' Be sure you arc punctual,' she said, with an attempt at playfulness, as heavy of heart she turned away. 