A. MATADOR'S LOVE. i i -- To-morrow the fiesta of San Pablo and San Pedro is to be the occasion of a specially fine bull-fight, in the Bucareli Plaza de Toros, for the benefit of the popular matadot, ' El Toven de Bar celona' — otherwise Jose' de Garcia. For considerably more than a week, Jose1 has been borrowing money from each and every one of his friends — such of them as have money, that is — for the \- purpose of getting up a more than usually elaborate costume. After much thought, he had decided on violet, gold, and silver as being best suited to his rather light complexion and hair. Now the costume was spread out before him and ready for use, save for a few finishing touches. These Anita will attend to for him, per haps, if she happen to be in a good humor. But Anita, as Jose reflected with a sigh, was somewhat difial — she did nothing whatever without bribe or Pay How different from Carmen — poor little Carmencita ! Now, had it so pleased him, Carmen would have flat tened her pretty body in the mud for him to trample on. And of a verity, he had trampled on her ! Bull-fighters do .not know remorse as a usual thing, but Josd came very near feeling it, as he sat staring at his beautiful costume and thinking of Carmen. How badly he had treated her from the first ! Then she bad been the sweet, shy novia of his friend Enrique, the picador. Then they were fighting in one \ .of the Basque provinces, where there were many pretty girls, of whom Carmen, though very shy and cold, was the prettiest of all. Josh's lips curved scornfully when he remembered how Enrique had loved her. ' Caramba — the fool, so to love a woman ! I did well, yes, to give him the dagger.' Jose' had ? given him the dagger' one beautiful fiesta night, after the corrida de fqros, when the blood of both men was heated and coursing quickly after many copitas of the fiery red basque wine. On ' account of Carmen, of course. How it happened : Fired by Carmen's indifference, per haps also by the fact that she was the sweetheart of his friend, Jose' had been . making love to her with all his might and main, meeting in response indifference and disdain. So that, his fiery Basque blood fully up, Jose' swore that she should' love him and that he would take her away from Enrique, , even though he perished in the 'infierno for it. To pay her out for her coldness to him, the most popular matador in Spain, he would make her love him, even as women had done before now, and Enrique would drop her. Then he, too, would scorn and leave her. And serve her right ! ' That any woman should dare treat him, Jose' de Garcia, with .indifference 1 ? It was not difficult to arouse Enrique's suspicion. A few red roses, a crimson paftuela, a gold ring, first openly displayed ''by.; JosS among his cantina friends and then left anonymously at Carmen's home, did the work. Poor Carmen never knew. She was working industriously, day after day, sewing and embroidering on what she thought would be her bridal garments. For Enrique had asked her father, and her father had said 'yes.' And the marriage was to take place before the matadors went away from Santa Maria de Biscay. Of course, she knew that something was wrong with Enrique ; never giving Jose1 a thought, beyond anger at his impertinence, she could not ? understand what was the matter. But Latin women are used to heat and cold — they accept such things uncomplainingly, and all they can do is to steal away to some little chapel and pray that the Virgin, who under stands the hearts of women, may make all right again. Late one evening, when Carmen was in the chapel saying her rosario, Enrique stole to her home and watched steal thily from the rose thickets. He did not see Carmen, though he knew she must be there. But he did see Jose1 swagger down the lane and wait outside Carmen's window, with rea roses in his hands. That was enough ! Then he went back to the village and drank quietly, steadily, until when, late at night, Jose' came in, warbling a Spanish love-song, with a red rose on his breast. Enrique flung his wine into the mata dor's face and screamed furiously : ' Sin verguenxa / Ladton /' There were cries of rage ; the crash ing of glasses, as tables and chairs were knocked over ; the flash of a quick dag ger ; and heaving, panting groans as En rique fell dying under the feet of his boyhood's friend. Jose' had to flee from Santa Maria, secretly, in the night. And Carmen went with him. With the cunning of the diablo himself, it had been represen ted to her by bribed friends that the quarrel and fight were over another woman and that Jose' had ' been defend ing her own rights as the betrothed of Enrique. After that, it was plain sail ing for Josd. Carmen went with him to Madrid, and, as he was just the type of man to inspire wild, unreasoning, un thinking love in a woman, Carmen's love for him grew day by day until she came to feel nothing else — no other thought entered her mind but Jose', Jose'. Those days in Madrid, before he had ceased to care for her ! Even now, Josd could not remember them without a tingling of the blood. For no woman1 had ever loved him as Carmen had. In so many, in all ways she had proved it — the time when he was badly gored in the San Sebastian bull-ring, and they thought he might die. He wondered now, with a small thrill of amused, gra tified vanity, if Carmen had ever rested for one moment during the weeks that the wound had so tried him. In the moments of the worst pain, she had never stirred from his side; holding him close, and soothing him with all the tender love-words a Spanish mother lavishes on her little one, she had tried to help him to bear it and doubtless had suffered far more than he. And when he was getting better, how had she managed to provide the delicious food that she brought him every day ? — because he had saved no money — trust a matador for that. She must have pawned every garment and bit of jewelry that she owned. In Madrid he had deserted her to come to Mexico. That was four years ago. Sometimes he rather regretted it. Carmen had loved him so much as to tire him, but still she had always been willing, nay, anxious to work her fingers off for him. If he had no money, she would get it for him. There was never a word of reproach when he reeled home, drunk as a lord — or a bull-fighter. She had done all that a woman invariably does for a worthless man. And he had repaid it — yes. For the fraction of a moment, Josd was almost sorry for it all. Now he must go out and buy some thing for Anita, putting her in a good humor so that she will sew the rosettes on his iraje for to-morrow. But, alas ! investigation of his pockets reveals not a centavo, not even the ghost of a centavo ! And vhen he broaches to Anita the question of her buying and arranging the rosettes, that lady jeers at him — she is busy, and has something better to do than waste her few centavos on a pauper of a torero. Therefore, with curses both loud and deep, the angry matador per force has to pawn his precious cigarette case, to obtain the wherewithal to pay a tailor to do the work. The fiesta day of Saints Peter and Paul dawns clear and bright, and such of Josh's friends as he meets during the morning congratulate him on the fine weather, ' so good for the fighting,' and wish him buen stiette. They are all going, they promise; and if he kills El Diablo — the big Andalusian bull pro vided specially for Jose, who hates the Mexican animals — in a fitting and ap proved manner, they will tender Josd a banquet, pcro magnifico, that night. The enormous Plaza de Toros is packed, both sol and sombra, when Jose1, in all his war-paint, strolls languidly through the private entrance, just as the trumpets have blown for the dragging out of the first bull, rather bunglingly killed by El Muchacho. The latter is not a favorite, and the great packed ring hoots and jeers at him, with many scorn ful remarks as to his appearance, looks, manners, and so on, with derisive tink lings of cow-bells. Poor Muchacho ! The band is playing an exquisite swinging Spanish danza, seeking to allay thereby the impatience of the people, who are shouting, and stamping and calling for ' El Joven ! El Matador !' Jose likes to keep them waiting — it makes them appreciate him all the more .when he does arrive. Now while they are stamping and shouting and calling eargerly for him, he is calmly smoking a big black cigar, surrounded by an admir ing crowd of picadores, capeadotes, and the like; And not until that same cigar is smoked down to a stud does he regret fully throw it away and move towards the matador's entrance to the ring. Another loud blare of the trumpets, renewed hand clappings, and the band begins the ' Diana ' amid loud applause from the great expectant crowd, as Jose1 appears, his face flushed with pride and delight at his reception. Flinging down his three-cornered hat and laying his hands upon his breast, he bows low all around to the cheering throng. Then one of the capa men hands him some banderillas, and he takes his position at one side of the ring, waiting for the Spanish bull which he is to handle alone, both with banderillas and sword. Then, with a crash.cthe gates are flung open and the ring men, capeadors, bande rilleros, and all, tumble hastily back over the barriers as, with a wild roar that seems to shake the earth, the huge, mad black beast, plunges out of the darkness of his pen into the big, sun-scorched ring. His great hoofs tear up the ground as he rages on, his red eyes glare about him, and his furious bellowing sounds over even the music of the band. Jose' watches the brute as he tears around and around the ring, and smiles wickedly. The madness, fascination, of the fight is on him ; his blood races in quick spurts through his veins ; with tighter grip on his banderillas, he moves nearer the centre of the ring. Now the bull catches sight of him. With a loud roar, shaking and lowering his great head, he plunges at. the mata dor, horns down. It looks a near thing, one can almost see the great, curving horns pass through und through the motionless man ; but, by a hair's breadth, they sweep by. Another wicked bellow from the bull as he stamps and paws and rages, and JoaiS is at a safe distance, smiling triumphantly as the crowd bursts into wild applause over the beauty of his stroke. For the gay red-and-yellow-bavbed instruments stand out with almost mathematical precision from the huge black bulk of the Io7-o. A fine stroke, indeed ! Three times are the banderillas put in, and the bull is in a passion of wild fury, rage, and agony combined. Blinded by the dust, and the blood that is pour ing down from jiis torn, quivering neck and shoulders, bellowing with pain, panting, pawing, and tearing at the ground, he is nevertheless foiled in his every attempt to get at his tormentor, who is mocking and torturing him with flapping red cloths and derisive, jeering motions. But enough of the banderillas— now for the sword work. With a smiling nod, the matador accepts the sword that is hastily handed to him from behind a barrier, and, sheathing it in his satin cloak, leaps backwurd to avoid the rush of the bull us lie comes madly on, hoad down, evidently realizing what the sword is for. Charge attar charge is made, and avoided by the matador, who has never in all his bad life fought with the superb skill and beauty of now. ?Tho audionco is enchanted. From hoarse, hysterical screnuis of joy and applause, accompanied by showers of dollars and purses and flowers from the beautiful women in the boxes, the throng has now passed into absolute silence, breathless, watching every movement, paralyzed with delight at the magnificent struggle below between well-matched Spanish matador and Spanish bull. But at last the matador sees that the bull is exhausted ; he must kill — the play cannot last longer. With a quick movement to one side, he poises himself on tipton to give the death-cut in his own peculiar manner- — the cut that has made him famous. As he lifts the gleaming blade, like a flash there comes to him the thought of the old Spanish corral in Barcelona where he had learned and practiced that stroke, with Enrique and other Spanish ? mnchachos applaud ing from the walls, oven as this Mexican and peon assembly are applauding now. Poor Enrique ! A superstitious feeling of remorse has hardly time to pass over his murderer before the bull is plunging on in another mad rush, quivering with rage, eyes and head covered with blood, and flinging out great decks of foam as he charges. The matador leaps forward and poises the sword on a straight line with the heaving, torn neck of the bull ; he sees with delight that it will just touch the vital point, and smiles, thinking that it will be the cleanest cut he has ever given in the ring — the bull will dio in two seconds ? In that very moment, in less than the twinkling of an eye, there comes thrill ing to him, freezing the smile on his lips and making him shake and quiver with fear, even as does the great animal now almost upon him, the sound of a voice, high-pitched, revengeful, sweet with the southern Basque accent : ' Sin verguenza I , Ladron P Paralyzed with fear and superstition, almost looking for tha murdered En rique to appear, the matador stands motionless, unable to move or defend himself. Before the people can realise thnt something is wrong, the bull, with tri umphant bellowing, is grinding and trampling under him a limp reddened mass of violet and gleaming gold and silver. Men and women and children are cursing and fainting and weeping — but to no avail, the matador Jose' will give no more death-thrusts. When the poor, trampled dead body is reverently carried out later, a woman intercepts the bearers. She is Spanish, dark and beautiful, and very calm and still. She tells them simply that the matador was her husband — she will go with them. Composed, with trampled body straightened and shrouded, the matadot Jose' lies, seven hour later, crowded over with flowers and surrounded by candles. And huddled against the bed, a tiny Spanish dagger buried up to its hilt just below her soft throat, the same woman is lying. No one knows who she is or where she came from. That she is Spanish, they know from the Toledo dagger, and the blue-black of her hair, and that her name is Carmen they learn from the en graving on the ring that she wears — a present from Jose' after beating her for the first time, in Madrid. That is all they ever know ! — Gilbert Cunningham, in the Argonaut. 