NEEDLES: '■.•SHORT, SHARR, S11IXY." More burglaries and a fire. dolni Calvin was born on duly 0, 1500. Naval reserve men drilling this month. A chance to join the machine gun corps. The Crimea was evacuated on -Julv 1° ISoli. ' Alexandria was bombarded on duiv 10 1SS2. .Mrs. O'Brien died at tlie Hospital Yes terday. Prince Aiired College begins work again to-day. Parliament begins its chatter again to morrow. Much talk and no work in the Assembly last week. An attempted highway robbery on Sat urday night. Bandaging for eodlin mo.u should not be neglected. The battle of Oudenardc was fought on July 11, 1708. The Bulimba did not arrive until Sun day morning. The inhabitants of the Caroline Islands are in revolt. Two dinner parties at Government House this week. The last ma ilbag from the Manitoba has been recovered. Sir Patrick Jennings, ol' Sydney died on duly 11, 1S97. The tire brigade had a little work to do oil Sunday morning. "The Advertiser" will complete its for tieth year to-morrow. -lttempts are being made to work up another political crisis. 'Hie Black Flag rising in the East is causing serious trouble. 1 lie Chinese Government propose estab lishing a university at Pekin. '1 here are hopes that Santiago will yield : without resort, to bombardment. Beard, the Streaky Bay murderer, was hanged on Saturday, July 10, 1897. Tiie Governor has consented to act as an executor under Mr. Martin's will. Mr. Magarey must lie sorry lie was in-' duced to become Mr. Calvert's agent. An enrolment of men for the machine gun corps will take place on Thursday. Legislators can say less in more time than any other class of the community. Miss Mabelle Barley will appear as Ro sette at the Theatre Royal this evening. Mr. J. Gordon, SAL, starts for Japan to-day. lil. Zola has been fined 5,000 francs for libelling expert witnesses. Four deputies are to be prosecuted in connection with the Milan riots. The British flag was hoisted at Wai Hei Wei on the Queen's Birthday. Terible privations are being suffered in Havana as the result oi' the blockade. Cuban rcconcentrados are reported to be dying in hundreds. A New Zealand lighthouse-keeper was waslied out to sea at Gisborne. The steamer Airlie 'reports that the plague is still raging in China. A new story wjli commence publication in next Saturday's "Express." It is stated that Spain is preparing to make overtures for peace. The Canaries would prove a strategic base of much value to France. The armistice proclaimed by General Shatter at Santiago has ueen extended. Madame Amy Sherwin will give a vocal, recital in the Town Hall this afternoon. Lacombe and C+ryll's romantic ap.era. "Ma Mie Rosette " will be revived r.ti."tucv Theatre Royal this evening. The R.M.S. Orient has been fitted' vriihi nmv boilers and inachinevv. and can liowv do rather better than 17 knots at a pusu. Admiral Camara, in charge of the Span ish Reserve Squadron, is returning to Spain. _ Admiral Dewey's squadron at • Manila will be supolied with coal direct iroul Ilawai. Many non-belligerents still remain in Santiago, notwithstanding the opportu nity to leave. _ America will he satisfied with nothing short of the unconditional surrender of Santiago. "The Rainbow Feather," a new story by Fergus 11 nine, will be commenced in next Saturday's "Express." Surely it is time tiie Government in? creased the police force in the city and suburbs. Things political are even more mixed in New South Wales than they are in South Australia. The effect- of three shots from the dyna mite gyunboat Vesuvius was that of" an earthquake. . The Government want to bring the policy debate to an end to-morrow, and about time, too. The plant of the S.A. Fire Brigades' Board was valued on December 31 last at £3,677 14s. lid. It will be forty years to-morrow since the Hon. J. TI. Barrow, M.P., founded "The Advertiser." A barmaid flitted through the streets in her nightgown, looking like a ghost, to tell about that lire. The inhabitants of the Yang-tse-Kiang provinces are resenting the intrusion A European steamers. Admiral Sampson hopes to save the three disabled Spanish cruisers driven asliore off Santiago. " Dr. Cockburn will be remembered when Sir John Downer is "forgotten," de clares Mr. Landseer. .. » One of tue lirst to congratulate Mr. W. T. Jones upon his victory in the Oaks at Epsom was Lord Jersey. 'There are live no-confidence motions at present before the Legislature, Mr. Ward being responsible for two of them. The Vesuvius caused widespread de struction with her shells during the third bombardment of the Santiago l'orts. The S.A. Fire Brigades .Board spent £8,145 4s. 7d. last year, of which £4,761 Ss. 5d. went on the Adelaide brigade. .Mr. L. A. Wells and other members of the late exploring party have yet to re ceive large portions of their salaries. During the last year every Australasian Government, except that of Queensland, hits had to face a no-confidence motion. Plans for strengthening ine French fleet at a cost of six millions have been submitted to the Chamber of Deputies. The latest advices from Sierra Leone, with details of the rising there, disclose a horrible story of outrage and massacre. Mr. W. T. Jones won the nice little sum of £4,500, to say nothing of bets, by the victory of Airs and Graces in the English Oaks. The English Old Age Pension's Com mittee have examined about 100 old age pension .schemes, but are unable to recom mend any of them. Says Mr. Chauncey Depew—' i he United States will not annex Cuba now, but I be lieve that Cuba will drop, like a ripe apple, into our country within 35 years. The opening chapter of "The Rainbow Feather," a sensational story by that fas cinating writer, Fergus ITume, will appear in next Saturday's "Express." The members ot the United states Con gress has been cheering too President, the Army, and Xavy, and singing "The Star spangled Banner."' The result of the mar, so far as Presi dent M Kinlcy is concerned, has been enormously to increase his reputation, and to give him all the glory of a mar Presi dent. All Australasian flight Honourabies mho mere present at the Queen's Jubilee cele brations a year ago are still in office, ex cept Sir Hugh Nelson, mho voluntarily re signed. The new Dairy Board consists of the Hons. A. \V. Sandford and J. L. Stirling, Messrs. K. Caldwell, M.P., A. cipson, W. 'Inyer, 0. 11. Tuckwell, J. Watson, and J. Paris. "Wc have no lust of empire; me mant no further extension of territory; for our omn land is so vast and so rich that up to now me have been only able to scratch her resources."—Mr. Chauncey Depem. Country and suburban corporations last year contributed £837 12s. lOd. to the sup port of the fire brigade, Government gave £2,754, the iusuranee companies, £3,676, and the Adelaide Corporation, £993. "I doubt if the mhole of the Civil Service contains tmo more capable men than the senior and junior clerk of the Police Court,:" said Mr. J. Gordon at the fare well on Saturday afternoon. A section of the American press opposes the annexation of Hawaii, because it would involve inter alia "the provision of fat jobs, and contracts for hungry carpet baggers." "Only England's refusal to consent pre vented the Powers from declaring our blocade of Cuba ineffective, and interpret ing declarations oi neutrality against us," says Mr. Chauncey Depew. Mr. Chauncey Depem, millionaire, presi dent maker, railway boss, and best of all after-dinner orators, has been interviewed in London with reference to the Anglo American Alliance. Fergus Hume, the author of the new "Express" story, wrote "The Mystery of a Hansom Cab," "Aladdin in London," "The Mystery of Landy Court," "The Pic cadilly Puzzle," "The Black Carnation," and other absorbing works of fiction. AI v. Gordon says that he has been greatly assisted in his work as City Magistrate by the thoroughly capable, conscientious, and courteous manner in which Messrs. Hinde and Hall, the clerks of the Police Court, have discharged their duties. Ada Keeve used to sing— Love's a passion, always in the fashion, Makes the fool more foolish, And the wise man play the fool; Love for someone's daughter, Keeps us in hot water; Is it any wonder, then, We never can keep cool? 