THE ANGLICAN CONGRESS. LARGE GATHERING AT BALLARAT. ' ItlSHOr THORNTON'S ADDRESS. "DEPLORABLE DENOMINATIONAL DIS- " INTEGRATION." THE CHURCH ON THE "UP GRADE." IMMORALITY OF AUSTRALIAN LIFE. > BALLARAT, Tuesday." ThO: congress of the- Gb'tireb -of- Euglnmi was opened at the City Hall to- day,- In 'the prescucc of u large aud : influential assem blage of prelates, clergy, adherents aud others. An officlnl welcome was accorded the members of the congress by the mayors of the city, touju and Sobnstopol, and' the proceedings throughout were of a brilliant character. Prouilueut Iu tho gathering were the Archbishop of Sydney; Dr. Samnnrcz Smith (l'riiuate ot Australia' and Tasmania); the Bishops of Melbourne tDr. Goe), Ade laide (Dr. llnruier), Brisbnuc (Dr. Webber), Newcastle (Ur. Slant on), Tasmania (Dr. Montgomery), Bnllnrat (Dr. Thornton), nnd the Suffrngnu Bishop of Ballnrat (Dr. Cooper). The lay visitors from the various colonics wore numerous, uuil the concession granted by the Victorian Railway depart ment Iu Issulug tickets at single fare for the double jouruey. over the Hues to holders ot congress tickets gave great satisfaction. The Congress Is the fourth of the kiud held iu Australia, the previous .ones taking 'place at Melbourne, Sydney uuil Hobnrt.' Thai of Melbourne wns held Iu 1882 at the Invita tion of Dr. Moorbouse; the uext was opened Hi Sydney. Iu 1SS0, auil in 1804 a congress met at Hobnrt, Although possessing no legislative powers, for, ;liiuflonstHutloa and intent they are purely- academical, these con gresses are recognised hs ua'riug an Import ant Influence on the work of the church, ami both In Australia and England liave originated and matured many of those important forward movements which synods and assemblies actively administer.- The first cougres, was held lu England 3S vcars ngo, and tho main objects of all, in both quarters ot the world, have been to sec in nulch way the general organisation of the eaiirch. could bo so Improved as to enable It to better fulfil its; mission of trusteeship aud stewardship for the welfare of Chris tianity. At the Ballnrat cougress, as at its predecessors, expressions of the freest null broadest opinions, however divergent, are not only tolerated, hut invited, and repre sentatives of all. sides will be equally wel come In the debates. The holding of the congress at Ballarnt is the outcome of nn Invitation given by Bishop Thornton (the senior prelate In point of consecration of the church lu Australia) .nt the gathering, held In Hobnrt In 1894. At that time it was thought Ballarnt. In the .course ot three of four years, would have Its Anglican Cathedral, portion of the foun dation of which had been laid, In full expec tation thnt there would be no obstacles lu tlie way of raising tbe structure to the re quired. dimensions. The prevailing depres sion, however, formetl un unsuriuouutnble barrier to building operations, nnd tlic ardent desire of the zealous bishop of the Bnllarnt diocese ivns frustrated by the uiifortnitous elremnstiuice lu question. Tho congresses have met only lu capital cities, nnd therefore the assemblage on tho present occasion must he taken as a groat compliment to Bnllarnt, and also as a well deserved recognition ot tlie arduous labors of Bishop Thornton on beliulf of tho Church of Eugland in the dio- ccso of Ballnrat. Prior to the arrival of the prelates and clergy nt the congress, tlie Union Jack was unfurled on tho tower of the city hall, and the archbishop, bishops and ministers were subsequently received in tho vestibule by- Cr. Elliott (mayor of Ballnrat City), Cr. E. Murphy, M.L.A. (mayor of the town of Bnl lnrat East), and Cr. Matbcs (mayor of tlie borough of Sobnstopol), all wearing their Civic cbalns and robes of office. The prcsldcut of the cougress (Dr. Thorn ton), the. archbishop, bishops, &e;„ were pre sented with an address on belinlf of tlie city of Bnllarnt, town of llallarat East and the borough of Sobnstopol.. The President of the Cougress, In return ing thanks, for tlie address, remarked, amid laughter, that while astronomers lmd been disappointed In regard to the shower ot uio- tuoi's, the people ot Ballurafcould rejoice over the "downpour" of clerical stars that had taken place lu their midst. Archdeacon. Tucker mill the Rev. It. M. Turiibull having been elected secretaries to the congress, Dr. Thornton,' -Bishop of Bnllarnt, who pre sided, delivered an eloquent Iimugnnil nd dress. After referring to the personnel, place and purpose of tho congress, he proceeded to. speak of the condition of the church in Australia. I remombor as a 6h!ld overhear ing my father discourse with guests ut the family table about tho Church of England. "Pupa," I Interjected, during' a -lull' iu the conversation, "-what street Is the Church of England in? It must bo n fine one, -from all j-ou say, and I should like to go to it." "I'll take you, there uext Sunday, ray boy," re plied my father. But tlie Church of Eng land stuiids in no one street; nnd the Church of. Christ is not confined to, any single "deno mination," The. English Church no more fut- nishes it with a circumference 'than the Roman or. the Russian. We find "the church" in each, but neither of tbem Is the church itself any more than tiie Atlantic or Pacific Is the oceau, or Africa or America the habitable, earth. Doubtless the true Church of Christ on earth bus a "pale," or boiiudiug limit, and it Is known to God; hut which of us presumes to. fix precisely Its' location? Anglicanism assuredly does not! Thank hea- v cu, our own ecclesiastical allegiance binds us to. "unchurch" no other company of pro fessing Christians. One of our articles, In deed, defines "tho visible church"; but the name seems to 'postulate an Invisible which eludes the definition; and its terms, though probably us accurate us they safely can ho made, suggest questions us tp their applies- tlou to which it is not possible— probably not desirable— to lind an authoritative and ac cepted answer. B.uptlsiu seems the ouly "tessera" ot church' memhe'rslilp known to ft- Paul: '-'We were all baptised unto one bodj;," be says; mill wo shall probably agree that all baptised persons tire, In some sense, wltbln Christ's Church. Yet thnt iiinxim brings us no nearer the answer to tho further question, fnr from easy to solve (save In one way that revolts our conscience) In a land like this, where no Christian community can claim to lie nationally recognised ns par excellence "The Church"— or to have been the first started lit the country — or to have orlgiuuted Its ovaugelisatioti— I mean the | question, Which Is the true Church of Christ — or which are true branches of it— anion- all the denominations which cover the ground' denominational disintegration' No feature of religious life here seems to tiie more deplorable, and almost fntnilv dis astrous, than our denomlnntionnl disintegra tion. Perhaps trotyl, era lit the world organisation of nhrKentlcm a0 d; r Vfi W tli Canon Gore, I hold that the essentia lid th\l C',r'st's Is nowise destroyed by this. A family Is one, though its meui- bois be sundered by oceans, or kept' apart st in;- 0 1? something that unites them still, however fnl,itly It Is displayed; they are one by unity of deseonf-ot bloort_of life. And the Church of. Christ on earth Is one. Inadequately qs she, expresses thnt one- bond of pcaci. Hot uulty (Iocs not consist in thnt outward fellowship au,l bond of peace, mo- mcntousjy important as they qre. What then, hqlds her together? "We, being tnanv' nye : one bod,; in cfirlst." "WetvJro M 7,mdo \vi, i " ! ?no, sl,ll'lt.'' That is true of tho Church both In henvon and earth Gloriously she manifests It lu heaven-miser! ''b v s»e falls to manifest It on earth as she uas meant to do and hound to do! Yet tho church is oue In spite of her divisions, ns she has always been holy in spile of her fr > qiient tojeyatlon of sin, and Catholic In spite w1thetliecnSjil -v0 10 C0V1' heathendom with the gospel. "No one can be surprised thnt it church which has so often looked so utterly unholy should also' have grown to 10,0k so dlsuultcd." But the one life-blood pulses .vet through the .maimed arid muti lated bodyrtlte one sap still courses through the straggling and bedraggled vine "The church utterly holy-uttcrly Ca"hollc-uD Hi- i;£"" rS liVji'0" of heaven, nnd only M .I. boi'e "f earth." But while we still be- tbe oneness (ns we believe In the intrinsic holiness and Catholicity) of the church on earth, her failure to manifest thnt "anoas externally mars frightfully her wit- ness for her Muster. Recall the spectacle Australian Christianity nctunlly offers lu our h - e?V -1 i0'1 between chrlsihiuK— for most part based on no positive uoces- i ,!S " wlsted the mighty rope thnt should be drawing tills great people Cbrlst- onmlV n r,0,i' of a'euder, separate strands, each tqo wpak for the ijtrain put on It. There is no rancor between denominations here— than!; Gqd fpr tbqt'; hut tbere is nt) urn seemly "racing," a waste?"! iupljcpt!pn, |n place of combination of moans and energy I a rivalry-. -'ffat calls lower motive Into play, I and attenuates all that reverence which would make men give far more beed to her proclamations, if only lier forces marched to .gether, serried massive and compact, to tlic overthrow of the common enemy! ' Dow does tlic church of the Most High present Hsclf lu hundreds of hush towns centring In one handsome school for teaching only the sccularltlcs — one dignified court house for trying evil doers? In the form of a hand nil of scattered, paltry, ottcn hideous wor ship sheds — monuments of our partisanship and oplniounttvencss Iii religion; their con gregations vying wltli each other, not so much' (to nil appenrnnee) la honoring God nnd;snvlug souls, as in carrying out devices and '"entertainments" for the enlistment of patronnge aiul the recruiting of a starving treasury! IMl'KOVED CHURCH SYSTEM. But uow, our owu church hi these colonics.' Official statistics register her ns far the most numerous of the Chrlstluu bodies, aud gro\V- iug lu her proportiou to thepopulatlou. Fro- bably ou the whole her uuUcruuts1 huve the largest share of Austrulluu material wealth— though this uiuy be disputed, add could hard ly be proved. I can scarcely credit. my own memory wheu 1 recall the scandals,' , the scornful apathy, the strife, the slovenly sur- roitudings of worship, the miserable Irrever- .cnce in demeanor towards sacred things ou every Imud, that amazed and almost drove me home again when I eainc to mydiOecsc In 1S75.. Glory be to God upon the whole, nil through the land our church sceius ou the up ward grade. Take duly au lustuuee or two'lti Illustration. 1 doubt if a sluglo harvest thauksglvlng was celebrated in "West Vic toria lu the Church of Euglaud.of those days. AVherc do parishioners uow neglect to praise God together for mituuiu mercies? . As for missions to the heathen, In which lutcrest happily seems deopculug among us dally, few parishes knew nnythiug nbout them, aud fewer dhl nnythiug 'whatever lu support of them; and nil thls uudor the rule of one of the ablest aud holiest bishops (my predeces sor). that ever took oversight of the Hock of God. It Is uot for me to appraise' the state at that time of other hush sees like my own, but I remember a distinguished Victorian churchman of wide knowledge offering me questionable comfort lu the remark, "You would find things worse lu most other Australian dioceses1; .and : I cannot say tlint such observation ns I bad opportunity for disproved bis view. I doubt whether "Advance Australia)' - has been obeyed during the last quarter of a century lu auy department more Indubitably than lu her Church of England life! What progress In Queensland, In Itlverlna, In Graf ton and AraiUlulc, lu West Australia ! Our church system, generally speaking, is by this time admirable. The stubborn church mis chiefs of the old country— the snlc of patron age— the Impracticable cumbrousness of church discipline— tho absence of reqlly re presentative legislation aud government— tbe constitutional powerlcssness of the laity— the preposterous, multitude of do-nothing coun try charges, matching the preposterous In adequacy of the pastorate in squalid quarters of crowded towns — we have parted from nil that, and do very well without It! Broadly, 1 make bold to say tluit for Intelligence,' In tegrity, breadth of view, support of charities, respect for authority and order, patriotic public spirit, ami purifying influence on a neighborhood, tlie Church of Eugland com munity stands, to say the very least, secoiiU to no section of citizens in the body socbil. Arc we uulted as a church? Or Is the white ant of party spirit eating Into hollowness the outward solidity of our church fellowship? Our people In general openly aud habitually and self-complacontly violate one express command of Christ. Our proportion of com municants to membership' Is less than , a tenth. That Is, from being a rule (as with the early Christians), obedience In this mat ter has passed among ourselves into a rare exception. Shall I praise you In this, laity — especially laymen — of our church? Make theinostlilicrulnllrtwnneeyoudure In seeking to explain the fact: a stubborn residuum of abstention from Communion remains;, as a tell-tale Indication bow sninll Is. the nucleus In our church, after all, of men who are lay lug themselves out. liumhly but boldly, for ri decided— for a holy— life! Lest I be mis understood to be vcntilntiug a personal plnlnf, let me say that I have Icnrqed that a bishop, with no popular gifts at nil, will yet, after 23 years of visitation, seldom, If ever, have reason to complain of insufficient congregations to moot him on Ids rounds. Judgiug from my experience, however, 'he will be sore at henrt as he compares the numbers of each sex nt coiiflrnuitloiis: and still sorer ns lie hears the clergyman's ac count of blank ignorance, in quondam State scholars whom he has been preparing, of the very rudiments of Christian' knowledge. In multitudes of eases the children of Church of England parents get no religions training at home: In very few cases Indeed do they get any drilling in churchmunsbip ami its principles! Think of the catechlsm- slecped Roman child, proof against other nnd purer teaching through the early generation within him. of a conscience as strong against all non-Frtpalism as against theft or murder! Is there no middle path between those t\yp opposite methods of dealing with the young? MBA X STANDARD OF GTVIG. Some of the larger gifts made for the maintenance nnd extension of llm cliurch in our dioceses have been magnificent; multi tudes of- the smaller contributions to If. are the fruit of noble self denial ou the part of church people of small means; qnd rip d|Q- cese, 1 expect, has more reason to recognise both classes of support with heartiest thank fulness, than mine. And yet i slia|l carry with me all who know, when I express the opinion, that tho great mass of our member ship have no notion how giving for their religion ought to be done! There are not a few churchfollc who. In view of their wchith, should give gold at every church offertory, but only do so at the hospital collection; wlulc the proportions of our congregations whose "ability" In giving Is (presumably; duly represented by the same amount— name ly, tlie silver iiiiuimuin of our coinage— Is large to absurdity. "She hath done what she could, ' was the unerring One's verdict on a woman's gift poured on His bend long ngo; "He hath done the least he could" might be that on many n man's gift laid ut His feet to-day. But then the former was 'tlic offer ing of love. Do our people generally really love I lie cause, and Cluirch of Christ? or 'do our scant measures of self-taxation In aid of them mean that love has grown cold, or never yet grown warm? Two most vital Interests in our church suffer chiefly fr'oiii our mean standard of giving— the training and the supply of clergy. I must- speak but; too often our mlulsters are scandalously underpaid; and it yre .sheer unreason to ex pect thnt nn efficient clergy can bo secured- or at any rate retained at their best — on the unworthy, and even nt thnt precarious; stlpepds ns a rule available; while tlie provb siou of college opportunities nnd Intellectual and theological equipment for picked men by means of exhibitions and scholarship's is an object for which money placed at the dis posal of the church might he more rcmuncra? lively spent than on apy other; j'et In my own diocese, in 23 years, appeal after appeal has only elicited the founding of one tlioo- logical scholarship. I said our church sys tem was admirable, and It is; but It Is iio- wise perfect. In some tilings It still seems somewhat hidebound and inelastic. I favor large sees and suffragan or coadjutor bishops. My -heart bleeds for blameless ministers left to lose heart qnd hope for lustrum after lustrum in the same cure— perhaps roinotc and trying— for want of room to And them rejuvenating chuiige; while nothing Is 'iiore imperative tlmn thp discovery of some plan — however devoid of precedent— for tho shiftiug to other work, or eyen into retirement, of a pastor' wlio has been found, or has become hopelessly unsuited to the post assigned hhh. Fpr years I have pleaded fpr the adaptation to our needs — the emendation, the enrichment —of our noble Book of Common Prayer, and some relief of its rigidity and iterations; and T rejoice to hope that the work pf the con7 ference in this detail may provo as valuable, in a different wnyt as Its other prinpipsi! achievements. I mean the' establishment of n central consultative body,' or standing council, for our wbo|c coipmpnion, as a nu cleus for its working unity. ' ' v AUSTRALIAN SOCIETY. The people of these colonics ape one nf the strongest, most courageous, capable nimble minded, progressive and interesting races the world has ever seen. Occupying a splendid land, with radiant climate, cx- haustless resources and almost Inflnlte' posj sihilities, so soon as they are welded Into one py federation n glorious future ought to lie before the Australian people! I think the re lation of fhe church to Australian society ipnst stand connected In the first instance with amelioration of terrible evils that are infecting it, before she can Join with much heart in eulogies of the Australia of the pre sent, or confident prognostications of glory and greatness for tlie Australia of the future. The criminal statistics of Australia yield little confidence that crime Is substantially diminishing; while there Is good reason fop believing that the amount of undetected and unpunished offences against the law is very large. Below the surface, Australia!!' 'tawit life Is stained deep . with Intemperance, pro fanity and lust; even— It Is terrible to re cord—among our children. Is our bush life purer? I have for years been eliciting In formation on such matters, not from clergy only, bpt from laud owners, judges, magis trates, constables, doctors, teachers, farm ers, miners, peasants. . The testimony gath ered, on the whole. Is very far from favor able. Of course there are liiiiny excellent people In the bush; but theft Is Incessant, unchnstity very lightly thought of, even sul- ' clde becoming not uncommon. Aro our. In-1 dustrlal phenomena hopeful? Bltterhos,' banished from theological controversy "flov- ' ors all tho public relations between employ ers and employed. Is Australian commer cial life pure? I have uaver.'niot a citizen' who had not a complaint to make of having been plundered or victimised,, In' w>me husl- Dcsa t.ranfinction; and the relations of "boom" time In Victoria quite forbid our holding up our hands In righteous Indigoa- tloo nt Hoolcy intrigues and scandals In Eng land. Our administration of justice is re puted to be unimpeachable but the tone of our bar in court is ofteu utterly unbecoming, to say tbe least; while our divorce courts and their reports are a pestilent evil. The language held In some of our Legislative Chambers is not seldom de grading to our rarllamcntary Institutions. In our Press, tbe brilliant ability of the literary work at the command of the lead lag journals we cordially appreciate and ad mire; but the country press in some places Is contemptible, If not worse— little but a blackmail levied on the residents by incom petent adventurers; while the tllppatit, cyni cal tone of a great deal of our journalism tends to drag downwards the level of pub lic thought and feeling, and to present hu man life ever on Us mean and ridiculous side. Of course, I not this congress, am responsible for such statements: yet is there anyone lu this "congress prepared to tra verse them? It would he absurd to stigma tise sport as evil Id itself; but among our selves It seems too often indulged as. an ab sorbing passion, not resorted to in reasonable moderation as a recreative pastime: while the gambling spirit which commonly satu rates It is eating like a cancer Into the cha racter of our people. Our mirth Is too little distinguishable from frivolity: our amuse ments drift stubbornly towards folly. Alas! AVhat seriousness we have is largely monop olised in the racing for gain and position, and provision for this life, to the disregard of— often coupled with professed disbelief in —the Immortality that is beyond. I shall bo told that X querulously Ignore all tbc learning, the science, the art that flour ish In the midst of us, and the philanthropy whose splendid monuments adorn our cities. I do not, for n moment; the relation of tbe church towards these is admiring sympathy, while charity admittedly draws its chief support from religious motive; but Is Aus tralian culture, as yet, predominantly Chris tian? I fear not! And what, has Australia for tbe most part done with religion— the only valid basis of morals and safe guide of buman conduct — in connection with popu lar education? Now, If there be any oilier agency that exists for effectually antldotlng such evils as I have reluctantly been enume rating, except the church of God, I should he glad to be furnished with Its name and address! That the Christian church is the one hope of the world Is no craze of ecclesias tics: It Is the verdict of all history, and the will of heaven. Christian Australians, a su perb opportunity— an awful responsibility— are ours In regard to the true well-being of our country. And we are not one-tenth part awake to the call of tbe one— alive to tbe urgency of tbe other! WHAT WE WANT. Tills very day last year u tremeudons cy clone burst on the north of this diocese. It flung down every HI built structure lu Its path — it whirled away every flimsy, unstable object In road, field or garden. Mean while, In tbe south, gigantic fires— kindled, it is thought, by some lightning flash— raged through miles on miles of bush, till The whole landscape reeked like a colossal furnace, I sometimes think Australia, In her moral and religious life, needs the renovating cyclone and the purging fires! At any rate. In what guise soever He may coinc, we need we long for— we plead for the heavenly wlml —the holy live— the renewing, quickening and transforming spirit of our God! The Por tuguese called Australia "La Tlorra del Rs- pirltu Santo" — "The Land of the Holy Ghost." Oh, that It might deserve the august title! No human finger will avail to cast out the devils that vex our land; not legisla tion, nor federation, nor social reorganisa tion will cure our moral and spiritual mis chiefs! Brothers, is there nnv hope? Yes' But we must have the Holy Spirit, nt work IIS What is His whereabouts? Christ s Church on earth! He came from heaven long ago, to make her his dwelling- place. I never heard that He has gone back agnin. But prayer and obedience are essen tial conditions of His activity In the church aud we come so short in both! ' TIiou who at Pentecost didst fall, Thou our sins consume! Come, Wind of God, for Thee we call: Spirit of Burning, come! 