profitable mendacity, The traditional anecdote illustrative of the innate integrity of niiud of tSeorgo Washing ton served very olfectually to point it moral during an entire century. But the analyti cal disposition which lias grown up during these latter days has grievously unpaired the value of the episode as a means of im pressing even I lie young idea. Several gone- rations have been tutored to feel enthu siasm because the future general of the American armies of insurrection admitted that the chopping of that historical cherry tree hud been done by liiui with his little hatchet But the sophisticate infant mind of the present day insists upon searching be neath the superficial aspects of that cele brated case, aud grown-up inculcators ol morality by anecdotal process are subjected to disconcerting Inquiries why George's fa ther was so exceedingly disordered by sud den enthusiasm when his little son didn t tell hini a lie off-band? A complete system of deductive philosophy, .which long main tained an unchallenged acceptance, has been shattered and discredited by the captious Critical tendencies of which the foregoing will serve as a specimen. The incapacity of little George Washington to invent, on the spur of the moment, aud iu presence of the switch of necessity, a plausibly romantic narrative which would make it appear, with due verisimilitude, that the eouueetiou be tween himself, t lie wounded tree, aud the little hatchet was merely delusive superfi cial appearances, and that the true solution of the outrage was discoverable iu a rapidly migratory tramp, with a large axe, which he had produced from its cpncealmeut under the capacious blue coat with a patch on the left sleeve, which lie wore with the collar turned up so as to meet his slouch hat aud cnncpnl his rnnnlonaneo. has been uniformly alleged as a clear indication of his future eminence. Regarded by modern lights, how ever, the inference must lie in the contrary direction. The gravest apprehensions re garding the success iu life, after attainiug niau's estate, of a boy wbo evinced so slen der a faculty for extricating himself from a compromised situation would oppress his elders. The cash value of a supple iiuagiua- tion has become fully established. The man who canuot at least so embellish awkward facts as to impart to them shape aud color" to suit his own advantage is fearfully han dicapped in relation to almost every career. Superior opportunities are available to the individual who is yet more generously en dowed, and who not ouly can embellish facts on the spur of the moment, hut who is gifted with the faculty of extemporising "facts" to suit his own exigencies or the current demand. A line flexibility of ima gination has iu all ages been a serviceable endowment or aecomplishmeut. No man could rise to eminence as a military com mander wbo lacked fertility of conceptions wherewith to deceive antagonists. A great part of the art of war consists in leading opponents to believe you are about to do ouu thing when, iu l'aet, you have determined ou another quite different operation. As for the career of diplomacy, the case has passed into a proverb, au ambassador beiug "a uiau who lies abroad for tbe good of his country." Obviously, unless he lie with in genuity, aplomb, and readiness, such an offi cial had better stay at home and confine himself to the— to some dull men— easy prac tice of veracity. Talleyrand, Mctternich, and, in more recent times, lguatiel'f, won their high distinctions by exercise of their splendid play of imagination, untrammelled by the chilling influence of truthfulness. Again, in the legal profession, an advocate devoid of imagination could scarcely hope to earn his causes, or his salt. Had Ser jeant Bu'H'uz— that type of his order— been incapable of Illuminating witli the glow of his own imagination the sordid circumstan ces that tile deceased Mr. Bardell was an exciseman, and had been knocked on the head with a pewter pot In a tavern brawl, he would scarcely have gained a v.erdiet for his elieut. But clothed in the imagery with which his rich imagination invested the facts, they became touehingly. pathetic. " The late Mr, Bardell, after enjoying for many years the eoufldeuco of his sovereigu, us one of the guardians of his royal revenue, glided almost imperceptibly from the world," aud so on. The man who cnu, from his own inspirations, gild base metal In Hint fashion commands a price. In all departments ot commerce and trade the same gift of imagi nation has its distinct cash value. There is money even iu "stinking fisli," if tliey be cried iu an intelligent periphrasis. But that, is an extreme case, aud to deal effectually with it would require uualities almost mounting to actual genius. There are thou sands of ordinary dealings 111 which the trader with the ripe imagination must profit most. The chiel'est opening, however, for tho Imaginative faculty is in literature. From tho eai'liest times Uie poet and narrator have had a place lu society. But until the disco very of the priming press, the luveiiilou of steuni, the facilitation of communication between distant communities, and tho diffu sion of tho art of reading, their scope ami opportunities were circumscribed. The ear liest glimpses available of the imaginative tribe shows iliom as itinerant beggars, mov ing: from place io place to reach fresn audi ouees. Later, only men of Independent means, or with every day wants provided for, as in cloisters, had any chance of making use of their fancy. It is a humiliating re flection lor t lie gigantic minnows of modern literature who mutch themselves against the Tritons of past times that during mens lives the possessors of fluent imaginations nave been held by their contemporaries iu an estimation proportioned, not to the merit of their productions, but to the cash returns, or equivalent values, which were received by the authors. The actual faculty is the same which earned for its possessor, as a reward for pleasure given b.v its exercise, a few uboli and some broken meals, or to the Oriental professor, seated on the sand aud telliug his tale to ;i listening circle, some tablets of salt or liaiulsful of parched dates, as that which to-day secures a for tune to the man or woman who makes apt use of it. It is times ami conditions which have chauged, aud uot the quality of the en dowment. The "Vicar of \V a Icefield'' brought fifty guineas to its author, and his entire earnings kept liitu iu uuything but alllucncc, and left him lusoivei.it at his death. "Sentimental Tommy" fetches its writer £10.000. "The Good-natured Man" brought Goldsmith only mortification. "The Private Secretary" produces a fortune. It is hay-making season for the man of iiungl- nation to-day. but the ralutime Is surely at Ji baud, when be must fall back upon his < , ,,, ra The n CllRO popu« El,' ci'iist aud small coppt is- 11 w-j lar demand for elaborated invention must - lie attributed to the absence of romance in |j real life. The long prevalence of peace lum | left minds unsatisfied with excitement and J wonder. Should the blast of war blow .1 | the ear of the iimllltiide, they will bo so f.l - | ed with the roar that the tinkling ol moei; | heroics ami imaginary woes will find them dull. Meanwhile, the sun yet shines, aud | the faculty of ready and copious Invention | of unreal histories is a precious gift. The hoinelv virtue of stolid voracity and even tho ,g - higher aptitudes of philosophical insight and Mi intuitive perception of physical cause and -|j effect, nre in short demand, at. low rates. |j The Washingtons. male and female, who , evincj au incapacity for embroidering cir- || en instances with ornamental invention can- ft- not just now be regarded as giving pronnso | of distinguished careers. If existing ton f. ditious could he relied upon to be penna- || nent, there would probably come into exist- : euee a class of impresarios who would deal la 3 with promising young liars, such as tlio La little drab of a servant wencli who main !|l tained her story of tho Cockhane Ghost ?3 through the cross-examination ot the prodi- j|| ; gious Dr. Samuel Johnson, as they now do jjgL with girls giving indications of extraordl- |@j ; nary vocal gifts; and train them up for the ||j , public profession of imaginative writing, ua ms- sharing terms. . 1 li: 