SYLVIA'S LAST STOUl. I Sylvia Hont had been born ioSan; I Francisco, and reared in San Francisco high school ; except for brief excursions I to seaside or farms to escape tbe cold I winds or midsummer tor a lime, sue I had never' been out of the city. Tbe I country as -depicted in the scenes of the I theaters was far more intimate in ber I mind tbaio any of the marvels of bcr . lets to. Finding that she was obliged I to support herself and her mother almost ooiicidently with graduation, she detc rained to become a newepnpst- IwomaD. She haunted the offica of the Srarcher: until the city editor gave har |an aasi-rnment, ' to rid of her,' «B he leipresfied it; but in reality because he |fcnew the value of tenacity in a reporter. Sin-cfj then she had interviewed Im'-irderers m their cells,1 political bosses, Isnciety women, ex-inebriates, who bad. Itiken the Xeely cure, paid bi-weeefcly R/isiis to tho morgue in starch of T stories,' had altogether, developed her Bn&tural; intrepidity, and a style that Eras the pride of Pacific coast journal ism. She whittled hir stories to a point, and had a startling collection of adjectives, kept humor and pathos in stock, the former of which she need with liberty, tbe latter with artistic Economy, and conld work up as Eramatic a climax as any gifted maker Ef tales. In time she became the most. Eoted newspaper woman of her state, Eiucd btr contributions and received Eer salary. Small wonder then that She was "chosen for one of the most Remarkable assignments upon which a Mewspaper had ever sent a reporter. M The state had been agog for a year ' Ever a series of tbe boldest train rob- Eers that had ever been enacted wi hin i Es famous boundaries. Four times Sie eastern-bound train passing over Se sootbern route bad been held np by E asked men' and despoiled of its Eousends ; bat only two months since Sad the crime been fastened on Jim Senoett, a well known citizin of flakerefield and grape-farmer in a smalt Say. He was arrested, after tbe Sounding of the sheriff and one of his Ssistants, and the killing of another, Sid locked np. He broke jail tbe Seis nigbt, and was knowu to beliiding E 'be Sierras. Fonr search parties Ed gone after him. Two bad strock Ss trail and followed it to the foot of Share and solitary peak on tbe apex M wbich was a log cabin. Tbrongh a Sid glass they had distinctly seen Mr. SeanettsannteringabonMmofclng a pipe. :..W6 there was no bnsb to conceal the Spr,ach of tbe enemy, the first bad tSrely retarned to Bakersfield and |Jp->rted. The second party, more j'Me n for glory, bad ventured half way m, led by Tom Harkuess, tbe most Sirless sheriff in southern California, sgd been disastrously routed by Mr. iEunctt and his loyal friends — several .'J whom bad tallowed him into exile— Mo lay at full length behind a felled . JSiwood and fired leisurely between E>es and , chaws.' The Governor was "Eisidering the advisability of ordering ijt tbe militia, when the state was Ertled by o fifth train robbery, at -rfEich a haul of $20,000 was made and which Mr. Bennett officiated without -JE formality of a mask, and sent his jjnplimencs to the — est cormorants JE "wned the railroad and were the : 2jlcRt thieves that ever went nnhnng. They'll have the militia out now, i»e'a fate,' said the city editor of the -Marcher, the morning after »hs . Ebery. ' They may give Tom iMiknegs one more chance, but that's M.' He sprang to his feet, his eyes yiiffi witn tu© entnnsiasm ox. dis iix i 6 ifn the outlines of a 'great storv J \- | -an" from the imagination. 'We'll! \ re an interview with Bepnett ! Wei % irt have an interview with Bennett ! 1 I e Searcher's out of sight now ; a j op like that and she'd be tbe j I - march of Pacific coast journalism with- I I ' i any advertising.' _ _ J j Two young men who were writing at j d; I' s came rapidly forward ; bat ' jvj ! a Hunt ran past them and planted -elf squarely before the editor. j want it ,' ebo said decidedly ; and X \- « . succeed where a man would be J I te to faiL They would never let a j | id up that peak alive, but they wont j II 1 ; on a woman. jl The editor did not reply for a II i intent, although hie eyes flashed || . i iin. After all, though not a II i itleman, he was a man, and sad,T re jl . i remote brain-cell, an infinitesimal! |j; J anient of the instinct of protection J jl | the male for the female. One of the yi|iiuteering reporters gave a short 'Esh and turned on hie faeeL The 1 V reddened and bit his lip. He " -'-SH8 a tall young man with a pals face -JE a slight stoop — a college graduate " the best man on the city staff! ' M did not look at the city editor ; his were fixed ou Miss Hunt" vjl®' Well,' demanded Sylvia, with e SlEht stamp of ber foot, . What are S?jaBu hesitating about 1 I a®- going rf»j» course. I'm the only person on the jusJBper that has the ghost of a show. J 3Ui I suppose you're not calculating on IHHfailarei' .-iggBm i\o. im nor, repneu uo a»w>, iiEutly. 'Yon can have it - It's 10 Hlock. Go home and get what yon E"! and come baric here for -in- ;HuctioDe. You'll take tbe 12:30 I'll telegraph to Bakersfield to JM.e a guard ready for you.' - UjjBS;Wia leftthe room : immediately. gEe yDng men .foUqweff i in tbe corridor. JBH'Well !' she said, colorii v«nd mmrnng ber head aside ; 1 lcnowyiiat onina to sav. but I'm fides, and time to talk about it' _ ; ; J have nofaoperffdiBsnsding ypn,a aE said . ' I merely Jwant to going with yon.,'' ' XT : SBM'Wre not going -to do'anjrtwM jBthe kind. Do y«m - ithfehTIXPW' Bv-e the edge taken off my I'll lell the Ci1 E. not tolallow i Bbail go waaypaO- from tho- jEDr scoop fa. . eccAjgHi that £ am; with 5be others Bcstioo.' - bother 1 and walked;|bwajf j?. E . Bloredagdn. oylna a goide and John of the;re|fK ' Searcher,' were slowly escending the foothills of the Sierras on horseback, j Daring the long ride soatb on the train, and the drive to the foothills. Miss Hnnt had refused to converse with I her knight; but as the majestic red woods closed about them, their prime val silence unbroken by tbe rustle of their topmost leaf 300 feet above, not a living thing at play in the. green fragrant depths of their under world, the I AM of the American maiden deserted her for the first time in her life ! Awed and frightened, she pushed ber horse close to Harrison's. . j He understood perfectly— he had spent days and nights in the redwoods alone. ' Yon will . like it presently,' he said ; one always feels that way at first That was one reason I wanted to come with yon.' She shook her head decidedly. 'I am a child of the pavements,' she said. ' I like the rush and the hurry, the thousand sensations that are crowded into a city — that yon feel are there, 1 even if they don't come yonr way. Bnt,' she added, with a (harming smiley 'I like you mnch better here, somehow, than I did in town.' ' There is a chance for companionship here — of really finding each other out' j Dear me! I wonder if you will I like me when yon find me outf I have heard society girls complain that the men they liked most daring the , winter were worse than noodles in the country. Ferhaps I won't 'sustain' myself, as the short story writers say. | when they want to write a novel.' She was a brown-haired girl, with keen eyes of the greenish-gray bne so 1 often seen in California. Her com- plexion was somewhat worn, her nose > tilted, her month was . ravisbly pretty, her chin square. Two thirds of the : men in the office were in love with her, but she gave tbem ' small beed. . Harrison looked at ber with something of tenderness, snmething of triumph- he knew his advantage. They were riding along in silence. Sylvia's head was thrown back ; she was gazing up into the rigid interlaced arms of tbe redwoods a hundred feet above ber head, through which the sun ray's trickled fain'ly. There was a hideous yell, a rush of incredible rapidity, and something sprang at Sly via8 horse, throwing him back on his haanches. Almost simultaneously there was the report of a pistol, and something dropped with a thud to the ground. Well done, young man,' exclaimed Pete, who was some little distance behind. He spurred bis horse and reached them almost immediately. 'It's a wild cat — and a rattling big one. You're a good shot mieter, and you've got a cool head for a city gent.' Sylvia was very pale, but she looked at Harrison with quite a new regard. She had hardly considered bim in the light of a man before, little more than an able mentality connected with the I city Stan, one it -seemea suaaeaiy to I expand, and Sylvia i-etnembered "that j once, when she was very young and I I green, she had an ideal. She felt an | I unwonted shyness, and torned to j j Hick -ry Pete. . 1 j ' Do you think Bennett is sure to be j I there f she asked. I I ' ToTrable sure, mam. He takes it I far granted that they think he's | I skedaddled over the border, and after he interviews yon or you him, beggin' 1 your pardon, he'll git, I reckon. There j won't be nothin' else for him to do. And I ain't sorry. He's been wise to j stay for some things, bnt it's time far I bim to git now.' i j ' Where will be go — to Mexico f I ' I reckon that's about tbe size of it. | I m K1aaa alaa 'aanf Hanorln Allcre cut V UU ||UM«e QIBO| vwuwwy | I wish he was thah — I wish be was. I Bat they're watching the border. It's j pretty risky. I Sylvia wished that another wild cat would appear that she might feel the glow about her heart again. Bat nothing broke the profound stillness of j the forest but foe wind sighing through j the tree tops and tbe low rear of thei creek. At night they boilt a huge fire i , in tile clearing on the high bank of tiie creek, and. cooked their supper. . ' You've been here before, young man,' said Pete,- admiringly. X never e't better cooked steak and flapjacka than I these.' I 'I spend all my vacations in the I mountains, replied Harrison. I After sapper he and Sylvia wandered I along the bluff, then into the fore8t. Sylvia had never Known men auy««ug i could be so ctilL Even the wind elept. J Harrison talked to her of everything I I bnt tbe office, and ehe woe ready to! forget ite existence. Sbe Id .never! believed that ehe, Sylvia JXnnt, the I I concentrated essence of -jnodernlty, | conld fed se if ehe wanted an evening I In a dark, quiet, redwqod ' forest never j to end. .Harrison did BOt meke fove j I to her. He knew bow ewaet the elow 1 awokeoingfe to a woman; and he, too, j was content to wait, : 1 I He told ber something pf tiie wonders I of the foreet, and made h®f kneel apd I listen to the low' murmut of the night 4 world. . Then be , talked to ber of Ms J favourite entfaoia and poetv sndBylria j realised that there weip, ptbet things 1 that ahe had missed beridei lore- - "i X will read when l lp;V.e | j said/eagerly. 1 «n » rymble little I ! ignoramus, but Pll sosctibe _to the j Mercantile Library and you ll wrttei 1-out a list for me, won't yquT:' ' . I I erill lend yon my hooka Il»w r« good numy. . - 1 'lam a .child /of -tbe hour, o! »e moment,' said Sylvia, more spd aiore 1 dtecsntented with hereelf. ' iHlled ine hisfory | eememlwr. enQoixMrieoa rrrr- 1 l ehe'd seen Hie' vi-iy ivindo w out (S 1 waChod hhe wih Whenhe | you muet call me,'. be. said. Bnt Pete and I shall watch altcrnatsly. No'.bing I will hart yon.' I 'Altogether,' thought Sylvia as sbe I stTelcbed herself out on her side of the fire, Til be engaged before I get back. And it will be ibose redwoods that have done it. Tbe huge motionless tbinge keep ."aying to me : Be serious, Sylvie, be serious.' And I should like to know wbat is more seriutis than matrimony — even with our divorce laws,' And then, to her unutterable surprise, sbe .burst into tears. They were two days reaching tbe famous peak. Hickory Fete, who bed lived bit . lifetime in the tnoaotaios, killed innumerable bears and several men, served his term twice, and was notorionely a friend of Bennettje re galed Harrison and Sylvia with thrilling yarns of hie manifold adventures, as they slowly climbed the .trails, or eat ronnd tbe fire at meals' They did not I meet another human being, nor did they see another beast. Sylvia had! read of such experiences, but unbeliev ingly. She (elt as if ehe were in a new I world, on another planet, where the atmosphere was green nnder interlacing boughs io forest depths, where no one I existed bnt themselves ; end always, I somewhere, there was a low roar of I water. She lost the thread of Pete's tales, falling into reverie, of what sbe I scarcely knew. On tbe second nigbt I ehe and Harrison walked again into I the forest, and this time she talked I eagerly of herself, telling bim of her childhood and esrlv girlhood ; then I made him tell her of his own life. Although he had drawn her band | through his arm, be made no attempt | to caress her, bnt they felt very close j together. When Sylvia went to fied | she felt very bappy ; bat Sylvia was still Sylvia, and she conld not forbear, la bnmorons observation. I I am almost ready to admit that | men are really cleverer thai women' | ehe thought. Oertaidly, he knew what he was about when be came along.' They were at tbe foot of tbe peak. I Pete wee making Sylvia sandwiches and | giving her advice. ( ' Be sure yon look as if yer sympath- I issd with Jim,' he said. ' He's power- I keen on sympathy. And if yon air j shocked at bis bavin' tafcin' what isn't his'n, don't let on fer the world. He's | powerful sensitive is Jim. If yen could j look as if yer thought be was powerful, I brave, and clever, -tbat'd go a long way. All folks have their peculiarities, and j it's a grand thing to know just where they be when yer have to tackle them, j Well, s'long. Its 10 o'clock, i Harrison, turned pale, but he wisely I made no attempt to detain ber ; sbe j was not a" woman to tarn back with purpose unaccomplished, j Premise that you will fire"your | revolver if you feel that you have the I least cause to be frightened,' he eaid. J Sylvia nodded. Sbe did not look at I bim, nor did ehe feel -like talking. bru8b. There ; was no necessity tor this formality as fer as Pete was concerned, but Sylvia was determined to have tbe glory of invading "the robber's den alone. Sbe began tbe ascent slowly, for it was very steep. I Sbe did not look back, lest sbe should betray the fact that a - word would bring ber down with a run. Half way up she paused to rest. She sat down oo a burnt stump, and. as neither of her protectors bed a field glass, permitted her gaze to wander downward to the hiding place of the I man who had been ber constant com panion for tbe past two days, and held I posaeasioq of her dreams at night. She heaved a great agh. i < TPs no nee.' sbe thought. I'm io love. X'U he married two montim from now. Another good newspaper woman gone wrong. The boss will be I forioae. It'e these red-woods.' They were set thick on a vast surface of peak waves. Below, tbeir spikes rose from the c&ooo; where ber lover famed. Mr. Bennett had chosen this I mount, bnrnt bare by fire, not only I because no enemy could approach I unseen, bat because it woe blistered for hours at a rime by tbe solar rays. I I Which is good for my rheumatics, ' be j had announced in one of - bis bulletin. 11 like tbe aao, and never could abide j damp. Here Til Btay until I'm ready to 1 quit the country, and Til make it a — | eight hotter than the sun for anybody ! that comes np here without beia' invited.'.. I Q«1m» aaMtt fan aa» ttnivpa limhino the peak- Pete bad admonished ber to hold herself straight, ' to take it easy,' and to come down on the fist of her feet' But Sylvia, being a woman, and versed ia 'stairs, Iboed forward and walked op her toes. . Consequently she had a backache for the first titne io her life." And she; wye Joneeome and. hungry, and the terrible silence and gtondeur of tiie . scene ' sent her to the I verge of tears. But when she n eared tbe -Ctost, and eaw "the -tall familiar figure of Mr. Bennetb— his wife had been I reoet generous in the matter of phot i- I grSphs--slandiiig Io" front of the-cabin j door, his hauds in Ms pockets, regarding j ber with manifest disapproval, ber | eptrita .and her new . .sense fisr'id j together. She nodded blithely, ac- otierreted iter steps, ana .rescued ires jlevd iaa fewmoments. ; '.Good morning, JMr. Bennett, ehe said, ha if her call were the most I natural tfeingiufbe world. ' Well be eaid, what do ypu want V J /'May Xrit down and est my saod,- J - pn tblBetonel How glad I sm j to be on a flat -place again. I suppose j yoa will «bcept these credentials ' Hire j>«»d-:Mm .-a nota from . bis wife, Ibonght with around snm by the S»n IibunaXSw&m;, rin '.wfcteb e bold 1-btWscfhiM was;pbtirioni9d to givp tiie ' hie owireAflaouel Lfo/iHiBi- ftvaB'aJmiiettenrirely; »bmtiwdrbriwrd,each half l seemed to bristle with angry hacomoed. [?] remarked Bennett. Well, yon ar gritty, and I like that. X ain't o- particular objection to tivia' the Searcher an interview, but they uu-l want one pretty bad when they send a delicate little woman like you after -one. Ain't yon got no feller to lcok after yon P Svlria bloBbed rosily. 1 T eoggssted that you would never Jet a strange man come np hers aliro.' Yon may bet your bottom dollar on i that.' 'But what I was going to soy was that the Searcher does want an interview. Yon are the great sensation of the da,.. A presidential elictinn could not diminish the interest of the public in the great trnic- robber of the age.' Pete had not overrated Mr! Bennett's; vanity, A smile forced its way through : tbe thicket of hair which altered the outlines of his bony countenance. ' So,' he said. 'So. I'm a hero! Well, Fori sorry the law don't look- at that way and let me -go in peace. . I've got eighty- five thousand dollars in that cabin, and mnch good it will do " me nutil I kin git to Canada, or Mexico, where I kin eend for my family and live in qmet and comfort.' ' You are not here alone, I see, Mr, Bennett.' Ob, no. I've got two friends inside asleep; and two more are over on ; that there moautaio buntin' deer. My friends have 6tood by me ; and they'll have their reward, not in the next world, bnt in this : I'll give them a thou, apiece.' Of coarse generosity is apart of your bold nature. It is no use, I suppose, to ask yon your immediate plans P ' Well, no, it ain't. When tbs timo comes to leave I'll leave. I've got my spies as well as the law. Meanwhile, I've got five rifles 'and plenty of ammu nition to hold the fort.' . 'I hope yon II get off safely, Mr. Bennett ; indeed I do. I sin sure yon need the money much more than tbe people yon — took it from.' ' That's what I thought when I swiped it,' replieJ Mr. Bennett placidly. If I conld only make a haul of several millions ont of the United States government, now, I'd. be iiviu' in a palace on Nob Hill, Ssn Francisco, without nothin' to disturb my peace of mind bnt an occasional dig in the Searcher ; bat as my opportoonities are limited, and I've only been able ti git sway with eighty-five thou, in a hull year — by a long sight sqnarer method — I'm treated like any common or'n'ry burglar. However, it's no use grumb- lin' ; yon cant make the world over. Luckily there be other placet . than Californy. I'm sorry to leave Calif orny, though, It'e pretty. It's pretty.' ' I'm so sorry yonr grape farming was not asnccess, Mr. Bennett,' eaid Sylvia, with genaine sympathy ; sbe thought him very interesting, 'Then you wonld not hare been so tempted.' He snorted. ' It wasn't tempted so miin.h T Bfin Rkftfl. - IM likft frft ktioff -wbat farmer baa oo/ chance these days, when Californy 's been staffed inside so iron skeleton of railroads You raise a good crop. It ain't worth your while j to ship it to 'Frisco, much less to tbe states, because the freight's so heavy it Ieats up more'o tbe profits. So I thought Fd make a fool of the railroad, and better myself by the way. And I have I made a fool of them !' He doubled bis bur fist aud shook it in the air ; tbe I blood blazsd uuder his wealber- ( beaten strio. ' I only wish I could 1 have got a show at old Portingbon. \- I'd have made bim so heavy with lead they'd have to have six extry pall- £ bearers.' 1 ' Do yon think that killing the owner I of the railroad wonld remedy tbe evil, 1 Mr. Bennett I' Sylvia, fortunately, had | a memory dependent nf notes, and had | succeeded in placing the outlaw quite j at his ease. ' It woald be — — satisfactory ; and it might set peaple to thinkin' a little. But if I dou'c do it eame one else wilL That's .what let's me sleep o' nights.' 'Now Mr. Bennett 1'ui going to ask yon to let me sketch yuu. Of coarse, we've had yonr photograph, but j Bo have all papers ; and we want some-1 J thing exclusive — and a sketch from ' here, just ibiak what a triumph for the Searcher ! You don't mind, do yon f I - really draw quite nicely ; I took ail the prizSB at school, and have taken a ; special course since, for purposes of newspaper illustration. It adds So to one's income.' <1 don't know a I do miod. You're j a plucky little woman, and I respect I yon. Fr'aps you'll tell me the news. I I don't see the paper too often.' I ' Indeed, 1'il toll you everything yon I want to know. Sit there — please — j egaiest the cabin. It will make such | an appropriate background. I- wish I conld get a few redwoods ir, but I'm | not equal to that.' I For au hoar Sylvia sketched, and j chatted/ The "man listened with deep j interest for a time, then his ey es elosed. j The woman's presence, her soft voice, j the novel visitation, soothed _ hfo eternal . vigilance, and- -he , drifted I unresistingly into sleep. -Sylvia did not mind. She had already done bis! eyes and month — what she conld eee of aL. I.nt aLa'swauImA An fltMUlllff ftt (lllfl lilln toDv y ouw r»w» . w"11" J w I bold outline -and violent hair, j Suddenly there was a .rift in her absorption ; tfonght it filtered the consciousness that the Intense silence j about ber wre disturbed. : She dropped j bei pencil and listened inteatiy. Then, she looked up. at the ! iisfl hoods ; tbey were motionless. She cose io her feet and ran around the back -of the faouse. A. company of mililia was witiiin 200 yards of the top.: .. She hoonded backand flung hereelf on Bennett. ' -- - J ' They are coming |' she cried to the i dazed 'taan.-; j ' The militia ! They are crewiingrep J iieteJ' .. ,.C- v.. -."5! Ha sprang -to his .feet sncath, -and j motion as if : to % [?] corner of the email dirty room, resolved to make hereelf as small as possible and at the first chance to dip out and ran down the peak; It was some time before ehe realized her danger. The noise outside grew loude-. Through a email chink between tbe logs she eaw the men ewarm up. Tom HarkneB8 came forward and formally demanded the snrrender of Bennett. The. three prisoners made no reply, no eonnd. They stood with their rifles at their shoulders. Sylvia look ed at their aet, indomitable feces and thrilled with the response of woman's to man's brute courage. With all her soul sbe hoped they wonld win, or, that being impossible, that they had soma secret method of escape. She glanced about with her sharp trained eyes. There was no eign of an underground -passage. It was a small square room, bnilt directly on the ground. In one corner was a bunk, covered with a filtby pulah mattress. Against the wall - was a pile of straw and blankets where the ' friends' slept. In another a heap of sticks, through the rough meshes of which was a gleam of yellow. Herknees repeated his demand. Again no answer. In another moment there was a rash against the door. It stood firm, although tiie cabin shuddered. Bennett applied bis eye to a bole beside ' tbe door. He removed it, inserted tbe I muzzle of bis rifle and fired. There was an ugly scream without, then a volley from every side. There were ! five small ronnd holes in tbe cabin. From three of these the ontiaw and his friends did deadly work. Sylvia realised her peril. The red wood loge of which the cabin was built were soft and thick, aud the balls from without bad so fer plowed their way indifferently ; as yet not one had entered, and groans of pain and screams of rage were multiplying without, bnt at any moment a bullet might splinter through a weak place — and Sylvia be tbe victim ! She glanced about desper ately. There was no refuge bat under that appalling mattress on .the bunk. Bather a thousand deaths, sbe decided. She dropped from the box on which she had been sitting, and huddled down into the corner, believing that no ballet could reach her unless tbe men fired on their knees. Sbe put ber bands to her knees and tried to calculate bow long it would- take Harrison to r.ach the top of the peak. Of coarse, he would start at the first shot. Sbe decided that she woald marry him on tbe following day, if he wished it, and have a man to protect her the rest of her liie. The firiug "ceased. There was another rush for tbe door ; then another. It creaked horribly, strained, began to give. Ben- net reloaded steadily, picking his men. A brilliant ray of light appeared between the door and the casement. ' Will yon give in now It shoated Harkness. - - - - r. Bennett made no reply. - 'Get a mnerin in that oponiua-F-. -Cried the captain. ' What's that door made ont off' Bat Bennett's rifle was already there. Another man screamed. Then tbe company with»ut was transformed into a yelling, cursi ug, frantic mob. Their pride was iu the dirt; and no one knew whose torn it wonld be next. They formed in a solid body and made another rush. Bennett bad refastened tbe door, but it gave again. Tbe strip of light was -wider than before. And Sylvia was oblivions. Her etarfng eyes were fixed on a tiny round hole in the ground not three inches from her. Something dark and elastic | was risiag from i'. It bulged up 1 slowly, this thing without .apparent | head — or legs. What were those ob- jects that Boddenly appeared to prop that enlarging excresence io generous profusion? The body accelerated its mpvements. It rose higher. It dragged eight long hairy legs after it. Sylvia leaped to her feet with a piercing shriek, and Singing herself on Bennett,knocbed tbe 'gnn out of bis baud. ' A tarantula !' she gasped and lain led. And before be could recover himself the door was down and six men were holding him while the officers of the law slipped the handcuffs on bis wrist, and the boot on bis leg. When Sylvia recovered she was in the open. Several of the wouoded soldiers were making litters with which I to bear their wounded brethren in j comfort for many weary miles. The I rest of the company were marching down the bill, a man of great physique and au air ot utter hopelessness limping painfully in their midst Still farther down Sylvia saw two men approaching sb rapidly as was possible ou that steep ascent It was - a. moment before her miod was quite clear. As the last leaf of her memory opened sbe sprang to her feet and examined her skirta for a lurking tarantula. He was not to be found, and sbe looked in the window of tiie ' cabin. More fortunate tbao Bennett, he was retreating into his ; underground cave. Sylvia drewa pro- I fbunuTrtB— r — >' — 1 — succor the wounded; That day's event made a great story iu the first page of the Searcher, hut it I was Sylvia's last— PetroU Free frets. 