ROUGEMONT OUTDONE. 'Wreck of the ''Gospel Truth"—Awful Expe- periences—Adventures on an Iceberg. (By "THE OWL.") No. 4. The Hen Editor resumed the story of his adventures:— It was about midnight, he began. We were in latitude about 44deg. 20min south, longitude 60min 02deg. S.W. The Gospel Truth, her accumulators well stocked with electric force, was plunging through tbo wnters nt 28 knots an hour. All hands except Cumbo, who was on watch, had rotlred. AVo wore awakened from our flrst sleep, by a lerrlflc crnsh, followed by a nolso ot ripping and tearing. The Govcrnor- Geheral jumped out of bed and trod oa a tack. I could hear him 'cursing from my bunk, and my mother, who ? was frightened out of her lifo, be_gan pray ing in a high treble at tho samo time. In the middle of the row Curiibo shouted down ?the companion way: 'All hands on dook ; , : tv the ship am struck someflng, and do water coniln' In lak olo holl.' 'Oh !' groaned tho old woman. 'Whore's my new bombazeon skirt, Hennery ? I'm all of a Hurry. I can't find It.' ^ 'Dang It, woman!' shouted tho Gover nor-General. 'This Is no time for hom bazeen Hklrts. Get your life-belt on and come on deck. '.'Hennery,' crJed tho old woman, 'what did I do with my fringe ? Ilavo you aeou It ?' 'Blank !' said tho old man. 'Blankety, blank I' 'And, Honry,' continued my mothor, In, great trepidation, 'I couldn't think of ap pearing on deck without my rubber- soled boots and my ? ' I Judged by tho noise that tho Govornor General hud seized tho old woman foro and aft and w;i3 bearing her forcibly out of tho stateroom, no I went up, and found Cumbo holding on to tho maln-nheet and praying ?' hard. All the fore part of tho Go3pnl Truth van under water, and she was sot tlliiB down fast. Our old cork barquo, Which had borne un through no many porl Ujjwi adventures, was sinking at last bo ; Lv.'tioath our feet. *' The Governor-General appeared, half ? carrying and half-propoHlng tho old wo man, who Inquired wildly for nor frlngo, and warned the old man at Intervals not to tjol. his feet wet, or ho would catch cold. 'Want did aho hit 1' roared the old man to Cumbo. Our black amanuensis aald nothing, but pointed his finger to leeward, and there wo saw, tnll and monumental In tho moon light, a. great Iceberg ! It waa this with which tho Gospel Truth had come In con tact. Cumbo nni3t have fallen asleep whllo on watch, and had not noticed tho danger until It was too late. »?? i The old man was wild. Not ordinarily Wild, but jumping, raving, delirious angry. , Hie ran at Cumbo, who stood with his mouth wide open, paralysed with fright. The Governor-General floized a capstan-bur an he ran, and coming up to tho terrified , wretch. Inserted It between hla open jawa, ? ? ? .. nnd with a violent Joi'k prized him over board. With a loud, gurgling nolso Cumbo disap peared In tho waters. As ho went down ♦ with Ills mouth open, It Is likely that tlio general level of the Pacific was considerably lowered by the Inrush whlqh followed. » . As -the waves closed over tho head of the unfortunate black tho Gospel Truth gave n lurch to larboard, and went down also bow Ilrst. Luckily for un nn nlr-tlght enso contain ing Jonah's shirt, tho boa constrlctor'o teeth, nnd Iho Govornor- General'u gun, nnd eoraa othor articles floated, as well as sevo ', ral barrels of kerosono whalo oil. ,:''' lv' Wo wero left struggling 'In the water, and t \- ..-only by great exertions did tho Governor ' 'General and myself, being expert swlin ' mera, succeed In keeping the old ludy afloat ?''? till we could luoh her to a barrel, And then every tlmo the barrel rolled with tho motion of tho wavea It would half-drown lior. She jawed the old man terrible, said \- 11 wan all hl« fault, nnd It came of chopping wood on Sunday, and fihe would got cold nnd lake bronchitis, and it sho died hor death would bo nt his door. I thought this wmb rather inconsiderate .of mothor, under fho circumstances. Tho Govornor-Qe.neral had been doing hla lovol , . host to make the voyago Interesting and profitable, and pleasant to all parties, and I It wad rough on him to bo held blamoablo ! for tho carelessness of nn uneducated sav . ago llko Cumbo, and curtain-lectured thoro ' lu the middle of tho I'nclflci Ocean on n I dark night, ovcr'y tlmo tho barrel rolled ? right aldo up. Wo had as much aa wo could do to rldo our own barrohi at tho time, nnd when . mother started about daylight ta sing n Moody and Sankoy hymn it pretty well t. broke luri'ip. Wo lookod round nt dawn nnd Haw tho ?:\ lcoborg about a mllo away. ? ' ??? /. Tho ourront wan sotting us steadily down . towards It, nnd about breakfast tlmo wo all floated nnfely Into a sort of llttlo Ice harbor nnd dad nnd 1 mado fast and unlunhod tho old ivomnn, who Imolt down on tho borg And Intituled upon us Joining hor In prayor. It was a lino Antarotlo borg, nbout a mllo 'land a half square, nnd after bolng cramped . up on tho Gonpoi Truth for no long, wo , -? found tho oxorclao of walking yory plca ciant. ' ' -'. iV.Siiddonly tho old mnn stopped Bill], JC ;?' win a llttlo In tho roar, and ho bookonod »no with hln hand behind hla bnok to como ' I tip. I did no, nnd ho pointed to Homo onow on tho berg boforo him. ; I looked, and naw tho Impression In tho tinow of BOino foot, Tho footsteps woro ovldontly recent, i , 'Somobody'ji been boro,' said the dover-' ', ' nor- Gonoral. 'Tho clalm'ii Jumpod. Ton | to ono tlioy'H order uo out, or havo us flnort for trcnpnns. Titus, my non, wo'd \ ?-ettor olioor off ; v/o'ro on prlvuto pro perty.' 'Whnro nro we going to nhoor to, rtnd ?' ?If (lukotl, 'Iei It fair nnd Just of anybody to hunt un, under tho clroumstanoou V 'MI/i'Mu't bo Just,' aald tho old man '''but !(,'« law. You can't got away from ! law, TlhW flci)lli«UB, oven on an icoborg.' i| 'Hadn't xvo bottor follow -tlio noroon up '/ whooyor 3-'- '-»y -)l) 1' * ''»l(I- 'Apolo/jlno for our presence hero if we find 'him In ' possession, and ask him if ho takes in boarders. If his terms are anything rea- , sonablo wo can lodge here, and pay- him la whale oil, buoIi tlmo ns we can find it con- venient to move." "Good Idea," said the old man. "Perhaps some speculating fellow has purchased this property, and is running it as a Summer sanitarium." With these words we set out, following up the tracks on the snow. We followed them clean round the berg twice, and found nobody. So we gave it up, and came back to where tho old woman was holding a kind of camp meeting to herself. She said she had scon no stranger nbout aluce we loft. Hadn't had a single caller all the morning; not bo much as a Hindoo hawker or a voge tablo Chinaman. Tho old man was dead puzzled, but ho went back to work again, collecting and landing ns much of tho wreckage ot tho Gospel Truth aa drifted our way. We rigged tho mainsail up as a tent, and after supper wo all turned In. Tho Go vornor-Goneral slept soundly after his day'o fishing, and so did I. But the old woman was uneasy on account of tho shoots not being properly aired, and she stirred a good deal and grumbled and prayed, Towards 1 o'clock in the morning tho old man and I were awakened by a most God-forsnkon yell. It was tho awfullest yell I ever heard como from the mouth of a living being, nnd when we woko the poor old woman was almost in a fit. 'What's up, Matllder ? What's frlght cnod yo ?' shouted my father, solzlng nla clarionet, which ho had carried with him in all his wanderings, as tho handiest weapon ot defence. 'Oh !' cried the old woman, 'Oh, on, oh — ah — ha I' . She delivered these few romarko In ft voice calculated to turn any nervous per Eon'n hair grey In one application. 'What tho blazes la tho matter with th» woman ?' cried tho old man, atrlktuu a light and gazing round our Arctic tont with considerable curiosity. 'Has a enalco bit ten yo 1' 'Oh— ah !' snld the old woman. 'Ah— oh— ah— 0 00 I'- 'Great Scot !' ejaculated tho Govcrnor Genoral, 'we must havo enmpod on a sol dier ants' neat. Wo did that onco boforo ? up tho country, beforo you wero born, Tl- - tus/and she wont on Just liko this.' 'No,' said the old woman. 'No, No, No. Oh— oh, Henry !' 'Well, dammit, woman,' exclaimed my fathor, getting angry, 'what Ib It 1 What alls ye ?' 'A ghost !'?' cried my mothor, getting hor tongue 'at last. 'A ghoat— allvo 1' 'What ghoat ?' aald the old man, turning n trlilo paic~. With all hla science nud mo dern Ideas ho had a haunting dread of tho r.upornalural. ' What rot t There's no such thing nn ghosts.' 'Her.cy!' cried my mothor, rocking hor BtOf to and fro, 'you are a wicked sinner. You have a profane tongue. Vou aro ad dicted to Intemperance. You— oh! you bad man.' 'Confound If!' cried the old man, giving tho blanket ft vicious pull his uldo, 'did you wake me up at 1 o'clock in the morning on an lcoborg In tho middle ot the Pacific Ocean to Impart that Information to mo?' 'Henry !' continued tho old woman, 'you aro travelling on the broad and plea sant highway which lends to auro damna tion!' 'Well, hanged If I don't think a good hot cllmato woiUld bo a rellot after this,' nnld tho old man through his chattering teeth. 'I suppose thoro's no fear of you coming down there, Matilda?' 'Henry,' resumed my mother, 'you throw poor Cumbo overboard !' ; ? 'What odda ?' exclaimed tho old man, getting out. of bod and .reaching ' for tho whisky keg. 'Ho deaorved It for sinking tho nhlp. It waa a caso of Juatlflublo nlg Rorsltlo.' i 'Henry, I have neon a opIrU!1' said my mother, portentously The old man tipped up the keg over tho pannikin. 'It's gono!' ho said, abstractedly. 'Yes,' said tho old woman, 'It wont out xinder tho tent.' ' 'Someone must havo loft tho plug out, muttorod tho old man. 'It couldn't havo got out nny othor way.' Ho shook tho kog to make sure1. : 'Thoro'n no spirit In it now,' ho ob ' norved. '? ' ; 'It stood In tho mlddlo ot the tent whoro you nro standing now, Honry.' 'What otood in tho mlddlo of the tent?' naked my fathor. i 'Tho nplrll, Honry!' 'I know it did,' nald my father. 'I put it thoro myself, and dammo it it ;aln't gono — cloan Eono.' 'Honry 1' crlotl tho old woman, 'nro you mad 7' : 'I dunno.' oald tho Qovornojr-Qonoral. 'Aro you '!' ; 'Why do you nay you put !tho .spirit thoro ?' queried my mothor, i 'Decauno I did, mainly.' I 'Honry, tho uplrlt onrao from God !' 'Hanged if it did!' cried tno old mnn. 'It camo from tho aoupel Trutli. I dlu tilled It mysolf.' ; ? 'The oplrlt perceived by me,'] ualcl my mothor, with high pruaauro dlRnlty (oho . won a country. clorgyman'8 daughtor), 'wan ? tho pplrlt of a departed poraon. ? It wan, in short, tho oplrlt of our latoj lamontud Borvnut, Cumbo, whom you In mn. evil tem per cast Into tho noa I' Tho Govornor-Gonoral'ii knooa clangod llko tho Poiit-offlco clock commencing to ptrlko tho hour. \ . 'Oiimba!' ho gaspoiL 'Cumbofa ghoatt' 'Yon,' nald my mothor. 'Itj camo in thoro behind you.' ! Tho old man wheeled rouri\1 protty quickly. i 'Tho dovll It did ?' 'Yofi,' continued tho old womnn, 'tho moonlight waa full on I to fneo nnd figure, . nnd I flaw It. no, plainly an I (too you. It onnio. In thorc, and npproaclmil mi fur an that barrel of obnoxious JUjuor, And thovo It remained for some tlmo.' 'So I should guess,' cried tho old. man, dropping the keg on tho Ico floor with a. hollow, bang. 'Good Godl' ho 'added, 'I couldn't keep him from It .when ho waa alive, and now. If I'm going to bo haunted for tho rest ot my time by Kio whlsky-drlnklng ghost of a derncd dead nigger that I drowned in self defence, I'll never be nblo to keep a drop of anything about mo night or day. Here's tho only taste of whisky In the show gono down the gullet of a sanguinary spook of a common nigger. It's a bit rough,' groan ed the old man, turning in onco more, 'A . bit rough to be camping on an Iceborg in God knows what latltudo with tho ghost of n dead nigger that cornea along at night nrid drluka your grog ! ! !' I was (lrst awnlw on the following morn Ing, nnd on looking round I saw that the berg on which wo had been shipwrecked had melted off considerably during tho nlfiht. When the Govcrnor-Gencrul awoke I pointed this fact out to him. 'It's another disappointment. Titus Sep timus,' he snld. 'I thought of getting up - sail on her somehow, and aa it is tho mlddlo of Bummer south ot the Line I reckoned on running her up to Sydney, and going (straight Into tho ico-cream buslnoss. I calculated 'yesterday that there was about £2000 worth of Ice-cream In her, but she's rteproclatb-.g in valuo every hour.* She's drifting Into a warm current, and lt'8 ?taking her down to the tropiC3. Wo may have to swim for it yet. All that day nnd the next tho berg kopt molting, and melting, nnd diminishing In slzo. Our provisions were getting lower and lower, and to make matters worso, Cumbo'a ghost visltod us again on the third night nnd stole sixteen or eighteen poundB of corned beef and a lot of biscuit. - Ho materialised himsolf to tho old wo mnn, and wo had another broken night's rest In consequence. On tho fifth dny tho berg had been re duced to a patch of Ico about a quarter ot a mllo wide, covored with snow hillocks nnd Ico caves, which mado n very pictur esque picture, but rugged travelling. Towards evening I sighted land on the larboard bow, nnd gave It lip. The Go vernor-General took a sort of rough bear ings of tho land, and said it was an Island —apparently fertile, and, perhaps, inha bitod. Wo were awnke and watching moat of the night, nnd when day broke wo turnod our eyes in the direction of tho shore. It waa certainly a largo Island, covered with tropic vegetation, and tho current carrlod us steadily towarda It. ?. Dut tho question now arose whether tho berg would not bo ontlrely molted away ^before wo arrived. Every hour tho Ice on which wo wero lloatlng became less nud loss. That day was ono of the moat momorable in our wanderings. Wo watched the land with eagor eyes hour by hour, at times , casting a hurried glance behind to seo if tho situation wan llkoly to hold out. By 3 o'clock In tho afternoon only about dOyards of ice were' left, nnd tho land was still eight or ten mlloa off. By 4 p.m. wo had only about 20 yards of BUrfaco left. Uy 4.30 aho had narrowod down to 15. By 4.55 there was no more than 10 yardn In atock, nnd wo wero a mllo nnd a half from terra flrma. Then a strango thing happened. Tho Governor- Goneral waa dlacusalng tho situation In mournful numbora. 'By gum, Matilda,' ho said, with a view to keeping tho old woman'a spirits up, 'it Bho petora out nnywhero thin aide of yondor roof, the sharks will havo U3, suro I This ?svater'a full ot sharks.' Thoro was a noise behind us ob ot nomo thlng splashing. -AVo lookod round, and porcolvod Cumbo s ghost climbing on to tho berg ! ? Tho old mnn dropped hlB jaw, and thon ho Hhut It with a anap. 'It's a cursed low, dirty trick to play a man In the hour of porll,' ho Bald. 'No docent white man's aplrlt would do It. It tnkos a nlggor for this sort of moanneas.' Tho old woman had fainted. I wasn't Baying anything. I had novor mot a ghost beforo, and didn't know what was tho right turn to give the convorsntlon. Wo ant looking nt ono anothor, and at tho ghost, for a great time. ALL THAT TIMK THK BERG WAS MULT ING AWAY AND BRINGING US CLOSER. TOGETHER. Tho reader can soo the situation for him self. I noed aay no more. For a ghost— even a materialised ghost— I thought Cumbo looked remarkably scared. At last, after nn embarrassing pause, in Which the molting of tho ico brought ua more and moro Into contact, it opened lta mouth— tho enmo old mouth— nnd It spoke. 'Forglb urn, boss,' It said, In a hollow voice ! 'nobbor meant to sink um plurry achlp I' 'What 1' roarod tho old man. 'Am t you dond 1' Ho nddod uomo othor romnrks, which cannot bo repeated hero. 'That'a what'o becomo of my whisky I' ho said. 'That acoountH for tho footsteps In tho nnow I' I ventured. 'Ho was thoro boforo ua.' By this tlmo thero waa only about flvo yardn ot lcoborg left, and wo woro rapidly drifting lnnhoro. '.'You woro thoro before ub ?' cried tho old man. ? Cumbo nodded hln head. 'You drank tho whisky 1' Cumbo wopt contritely. . 'And ato tho corned beef ?' Tho poor blaokfellow'n sobs ot ropontanco woro pitiful to tho ear. 'And got a freo passage on this lcoborg nn n atowawny by docoptlcin and fraud. All right,' conoludod tho old man, 'wait till I reach a civilised country; I'll glvo you nix months.' . At tula Junoturo tho berg multod right off, and loft ub standing on a uandy boaoh in about two feat of wntor. Wo wadod nuhqro without much difficulty. Cumbo would insist on currying tho old woman, nnd oho oaino out of tho faint about twenty yardn from dry land, and oho just took in tho thing from tho point of vlow that iiho had boon safely drowned, and that Cumbo'a ghoat Jiad boun appointed to tend on hor in tho other world, bocauno oho wan kind to tho nigger In tho llouh, nnd it took un thrun dayn to porauado hor that nho wnon't dead, but In tlioun thron (layo wo hail npmo romnrJcabln adventures. (To bo Continued,) 