UNIVERSITY SHAKSPEARE SOCIETY. "GHOSTS AND- GHOSTLAND." On Thursda«evening the Rev. A. E. Beilby delivered a lecture on "Gbosts and Ghostland in ShakBpeare" before the members and friends of the Shakspeare Society. Mr. J. H. Symon, Q.G. {Vioe-President), oocupied the chair, and there was a large audience present. Introducing th^ lecturer, Mr. Symon mentioned that Mr. Beilby was to introduce the shadowland of Shakspeare, with all its weirdness and speculation. Mr. Beilbv opened his subject by saying that ghosts were wrapped np in the state of immortality, and Shakspeare had a good deal to say about both subjects. He thought the great poet should be studied from this psychic side. He believed in ghosts, though not in all the phantasms and shadows of ShakBpeare's writings. The ghosts of the lecturer's belief were much more substantial than mere ethereal beings; for instance, the electric current was a much more substantial thing than the wire which conducted it, and ha believed, too, that Shakspeaxe accredited ghosts in reality and immortality. He was affected by the traditions and ftthical convictions of the Elizabethan period. His inspirations were heavenborn, but his methods of showing them were local, the medium being the folklore and fairyology of the time. The belief of tbe people in Shakspeare's time took the form of a pretty poetic form of belief in wood and forest fairies, and his writings were saturated with fairyology. The ** Midsummer Night's Dream was the most typical play to illustrate the beauty of the poet's ideas regarding the fairies, and to indicate the large belief of the people in superstitions and the supernatural. A mother, che lecturer said, could find no fairy story so pretty, fascinating, and more beautiful to her children than this charming play. Having dealt with the idyllic view of Shakspeare's belief in ghostland, as represented by fairies, Mr. Beilby turned tbe attention of his audience to another form of ghostly superstition in witchcraft. The bard of Avon, in common with all otber people of his day, was affected by the belief in witchcraft, but to understand his allusions it was absolutely necessary • to become acquainted with the historical records of the peoples and conditions of life of tbe period. Witchcraft, however, the lecturer showed, was not a p&rt- of; ShakBpeare's belief in immortality, and was not on his creed, or part of hiB creed. Shakspeare showed that the evil spirits were thought in his day to exist m animals, and Mr. Beilby illustrated this popular belief by quoting Macbeth'a-speech to the ghost of Banquo. The lecturer referred to Hamlet's address to the ghost as a speech of indecision. Hamlet feared the ghost, because of the superstition that ghosts were always hovering around to allure people to destruction. "Thou comest in such a questionable form" d)d not mean a suspicious disbelief in the ghost, but' that tbe ghost was open to questions. It was a popular belief of the time that ghosts did not care about being questioned, and the lecturer sympathized freely with the gbosts in that respect from his own personal experience in the matter of being questioned upon all things in heaven and in earth. He said that the popular belief that the ghoste of mankind went poking about the skeletons of churchyards focud no place in Shakspeare, for he believed that the spirits of immortality were in a much happier and freer state of being, and the immortal bard taught that death was a mere transition of existence. At the close of the lecture a vote of thanks was passed with acclamation to Mr. Beilby, and an animated discussion arose npon several of the points brought out in the lecture. Authorities say that if it were not for the natural enemies of fish the codfish would fill up every available space in the seas, rivers, and oceans. A great number of these fish are caught to fill the public want for Dr. Golding Bird's Cod liver Oil, one of the finest oils for invalids. Agents — F. H. Faulding <fc -Co., Adelaide. 