STRAHAN HATTEES. -KBOM aCDt UWS -OCEWI-OXJ)KNT.) Si-jiaiia v, Hmday^ Knee I wrote last, sometime at the end tit last fear, we have enjoysd some very cool, and consequently pleasant wea&er.; A few showers of nin and a distant growl of thunder did their (share towards making life worth living, hot die water trouble £ as bad as ever. Heavy rains at Zeehan. although not lasting as long as most hoped for. have apparently given the residents ct Quveropaus vHHoer start or lira, uus down here shower* were dealt out on such homoeopathic lines that the savings of one taut in many cases did not suffice to clean one's grinders. The Hydropathic Insti tute, iu -Hiiiiika Creek, is, however, still fioiuthiug. and I «m informed on most creditable authority, that some phenomen ally strong mountain trout have been caught quite recently below the bath. By-tfae-byc, die Hydropathic Institute is open to all comers— only want to ask for the loan of the key. sandpaper is, how ever, charged for. Mr Napier TJcll. the eminent engineer and premier authority on harbor works, will soon be on the wing again. I uuder siwnd that he leaves for lloltert this week am! goes thence to TotvqeyiUe. via Sydney. JCr. ISell on this visit to the West boast is accompanied by ilrs. SoJJ. ana nis oniy son, wuo nas just returned from Westnilia. It may i^asouabiy be exjiocted that Mr. and Mra Bell have made many friends during their sojourn 03 this Coast who will be very sorry to lose such an excellent acquisition to local social circles. I was vory sorry to hear of tho illness of Mr. A. O. Proter. who has been con fined to his house for a number of days. However. I am pleased to state that ho is mending now. and his well-known figure will «)on again fill the secretary's chair at the Marino Board Office. The drain at tbe rear of the West Rtraban Station will soon be as high as the Eiffel Tower if something is not done towurdsalteriuff tbe present arrangements. The nrinal of the station runs right into le drain, and now that not weather has dried up the water usually running along it. the stench arising from the baked mud and slimy tilth should commend this case to the powers that bo as one particularly adapted to immediate attention. Tbe official halo encircling the brow of a Government institution does not deodorise its smell ! By the Manipcmri and Mocinderry yes terday it very large number of passengers returned from their holiday tnpe. At West filrohaii another carriage bad to be added to the lirst up train in coiiKequence of a ' flood wave ' (from Wroggc's dictionary) of passenger* clamouring for accommodation. There has been some talk of holding a public meeting witb a view of selecting a committee to meet the Eon Attorney f taieral on his wav through Ktrahaii and put before him any matters that may re uuiro urgent attention on behalf of the Government. I think tho idea is a good ono. and should commend itself to the residents of Stratum. A small hut near the saw mills. West Btraui!). was burnt down tho other night. It was unoccupied, and being an old ram shackle structure, the loss to whoever owno i it cannot be very much. Tbe Ilev Charles Vuuguan came down from Qucenstown on huturdny And held divine worship at the Church of England yesterday morning and evening, bomc time ugo Mr Vaughan had a sunstroke, and for some weokti bis health was very indifferent. His many friends will, how ever, bo pleased to hair thnt he has tiow quite recovered from this complaint. The sandy beach midway between Btrahan and West Strahau assumed quite the nspoct of a fasbiounble Boa-side place during the roeent hot weather. Par ticularly nftcr the sun had gone down downs of children, clod in the uiriost of cfiBtuinea, were livening up the beach or tumbling abuul in the water, which is just of the right uonth there. Later on, when tho shades of night have fallen, and 'every cat looks gray.' the ghost-like outlines of the parents may bo dimiy made out agamftt they sky as they dip iu the briny and joy ously cool their cperdermis. To judge from tbe programme published of the Amy Sherwiu concerts on the West Coast, no provisions have appa rently been niade for her appearance at Strabiin. This is very much to be regretted because theisarea targe number of people at Strnhan who would: have been only too glad to avail themselves of the opjyortunity of listening to the warbles of the Toe manutn Kigbttngatg , Tjic advance agent iclieves this omission will bp madp good, If the present arrangements do not admit of alteration. I think tho Railway Deport ment will see their way of running either 11 spocial train on one of the nights that Miss Amy Shorwin performs at Zeehan, or else that return tickets at single fores will be issued, Surely Sirahuu is not going to he niusioajly diefnochised alto gether. -—.—, _^ _ 