(PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL AR- RANGEMENT.) FATHER ANTHONY : A ROMANCE OF TO-DAY. BY ROBERT BUCHANAN, Author of "Effie Hetherington," "God and the Man," "The Shadow of the Sword," "The Moment After," "The Martyrdom of Madeline," "Stormy Waters," "Heir 'of Linne," "Amnna Water," "The Wedding Ring," "Lady Kilpatrick," etc. COPYRIGHT. CIHAPTER XI. On reaching my lodgings 'I found a message from Miss Craig begging me to see her without delay. Hastening down to the Castle I found the girl in a state of great excitement. She was about to start for Castlerae, having re- ceived permission to hjsve another in- terview with Michael Creenan, and she propcsed that I should accompany her. "His lawyer is to be in the town to- day," she said; "I thought you. might see him, and learn exactly how the case stands." Nothing could have pleased me bet- ter.. It was arranged that we should drive to Castlerae at once, remain for the night at an hotel in the town, and visit the gaol in the forenoon when we left Mylrea., and the distance we had to traverse was fully twenty Irish miles, but the two-horse car bore us alon:g at gallant speed, and, we arrived at Castlerae before nightfall. Our destination was the King's Arms, *a somewhat dismal hostelry near the market place, distinguished like most Hibernian hotels by draughts, discom- fort, and a wretched cuisine. A dreary chamber called a drawing-room had been set apart for Miss Craig's private use, and there, waited on by a forlorn head waiter with a black eye, we dined that evening together. The meal and the service were detestalje, but what we lacked in. comfort we gainled, in sympathy, for everybody in the place, from the .sporting landlord to the head waiter aforesaid, was eager to be of service to the unfortunate young lady, whose father had been a constant guest at the hotel during his lifetime. At half-past ten o'clock the next morning 'we walked over to the gaol and were received by the governor, an old 'friend of the murdered gentleman. He received Miss Craig very kindly, but * I found at once that he did not share her faith in the innocence of the pri soner. After a few friendly words he ordered us to be conducted to the cell where Michael Creenan was confined. I was full of curiosity to see the young man about whom I had 'heard so much, but when we reached tht door of the cell I hung back, and allowed Eileen to enter alone. A few minutes afterwards. however. Miss Craig called to me from the cell, and I found my self face to face with young Creenan. Tall.. powerfully, though slightly built, fairahaired and blue-eyed, with a face still bold and upright, despite the haggard lines which care had left upon it, he seemed the very youth to win and keep a woman's love. When I made my appearance he was standing by the little grated window, holding Eileen's hbamd, and looking sadly into her face. She. poor child. was crying, not wildly and passionately, but in a quiet heart-broken way, letting the tears run slowly down her pale cheltes, and biting her quivering lips to keep back her sob.s. But Micha.el Creenan held his head erect like a man prepared to face his fate whatever it might be. "This is my friend. Doctor Suther -and." said Eileen. "Sure you know how good he has been to me!" I held out my hand; the young man gave it a hearty clasp. "Thank you, sir," he said with quiet dignity. "If you are Eileen',s friend, you must be mine." "Indeed he is your friend, Michael," cried Eileen. "You have no better in the world, for he believes in your inno cence and he is 'rying his best to set you free." Then she told him of the curious dream which had been the means of my coming to Craig Castle, and in my pro mise to aid her in discovering the man who had caused her father's death. "If you succeed in discovering the truth," he said esadily, "you are a clever man. They have managed to make my guilt so clear that nobody believes in me now, except Eileen." "And Anthony!" cried Eileen, "and your mother: Michael." "Ah, yes, my mother, God bless her," cried the lad, "but if Anthncay believes in me, as you say he does, why has he never come to see me?" "He couldn't come," I said. "He h'as been too ill." "Ill?" r~epeated Creenan. "He was well enough when they examined him at the last enquiry." "The shock was to much for him," I said, "and he has had brain fever. It came upon him when he was sub poenaed to appear against you tat the trial." "Against me? How's ·that?" asked the young man with a startled look. "I don't know," I replied. "At any rate, he has been called for the prosecu tion. Is there alnything he can pDrove?" "Nothing. As ill-luck, would have it, I was entirely alone that day. My brother wanted me to carry a. message for him to Kilsyth. and I walked there across the hills. taking my dogs along with me. In the afternoon I went up to the inn to havy something to est before I started for home, and there I met Eileen's father. We were alone in the coffee-room, so I thought it a good opportunity to say whmt I had to say. I told him I was determined to marry E;le-n. Well. he was very an gry, and said things which made ma angry too, and while we were at words other folk ram? in. I left the inn, and I solmenly swear I never saw Mr. Craig again." As he snoke h1 lcokel eagerly at Eileen, as if imploring her not to doubt him. Without a word she took his ba·nd, and sobbing softly, placed it against her lipS. "What did you do after you left the inn?" I asked. "I got a lift on a car. sir, as far as Ballyveeney; then I cut across the hills home. That night the old gentleman was shot with my gun, and his body was found about a hundred yards from ":the spot where I had left the car." "Cata you account for your gun being m there?" th "Indeed I can't, sir." "Hadn't you missed it." ti "No. You see, the coursing season gi was on, and I was a god deal out with al the dogs," sI "Where had you left the gun?" "At home, in my own room. It was fair time, and most of the servants were away; but I don't think anyone could have entered the house." He spoke with all the air of an inno- cent man. Every word, every tone, was manly, and he looked me fearlessly. in the face. "I suppose your mother and brother saw you when you reached home?" "My mlother did. Anthony wasn't there." "Do you know where he was?" "No, sir. He had been out making sick ralls all the afternoon and late into the night, and he only returned in time to see me arrested under our own roof. I'm afraid the evidence against ma is very strong, and I don't wonder that many people think me guilty. But I don't think they'll hang a:n inno- cent man, even if the right man doesn't come forward. Something may crop up at the trial, and if.not, well, sure I'm not afraid to die!" A cry from the loving girl, and she sprang swiftly into his arms. He whispered a few words in her ear, and I saw that it was with diffilculty that he chcked down his own tears. Just then the turnkey appeared end inti mante that the interview must end. I moved to-wards the door, but Elileen clung to her lover and sobbel aloud. "Oa, Michael," she cried. "I cannot bear to leave you here! It breaks my heart! It breaks my heart!" The young fellow soothed her as well as he could, 'thourh I saw that it was still hard work for him to keep from breaking down himself. At last we managed to get her away, and I con ducted h-r back to the hotel. Having confided Eileen to the care of the la.ndlaldy, a? kindly, motherly woman, I sallied foth alone to have an Interview with. the l?wyer who was preparing the defence. I found him in some temporary offices near the market place and up to his ears in legal docu ments. He was a fussy little man, O'Flannigan by name, quick as a weasel, sharp as a needle, with very little belief lin human nature. When I entered the room where he sat he had his watch in his hand. He looked from it to me, and said: "I can give you ten minutes, sir. Sorry I can't 'make it more, but this is a busy day." "I merely wish to a.sk a question or two on behalf' of Miss Craig. She wishes to know how matters stand with regard to Michael Creenan's defence." The lawyer's face fell, but he answered briskly enough. "Very well indeed, sir. We shall do our best to get him off." "But do you think you will succeed?" "I hope so, sir, but the lanv's a quare thing, and the evidence is rather ugly. It's unlucky that the prisoner and the murdered marn came to words before the deed was done, and on the other hand it's lucky that the young lady sticks to it that the prisoner is in-no cent. WTe'll work that for all it's worth, never fear! Our lea.ding counsel, Mr. Dooherty, would make a pig cry when he touches the 'sentimental stop, let alone a jury!" "You are aware," I said, "that the prosecution has siubpoeaned Father Anthony, th.e prisoner's brother?" "Yes," replied Mr. O'Flannigan, "but I've seen the priest's depositions and they can do no harm, for whenl he's cross- examined we shall be able, I' think, to show that the prisoner was too fond of the daughter to raise his hand -against the father." I hesitated, and looked quietly at the lawyer's face. "Honestly, now, what is your own opinion of the case?" The little man raised his hands in stupefaction. "My opinion? I have no opinion. I take the evidence and I sift it for what it's worth. I think it's a bad case, and I think it's a good case. It's a toss-up, sir, and all I ask is that luck will send us a good-tempered judge and a tender hearted jury!" I wished Mr. O'Flannigan good day, and hastened back to the gaol, deter- mined, if possible, to have a few pri- vate words with the prisoner. After some little hesitation my request was granted, my excuse being that I had a communication to make from the prisoner's solicitor. When I entered the cell where the young fellow was lodged, I was shocked at the change in his expression. All the light and brightness. I had seen there in the morning had faded from his face, and in their place I now saw a look of settled but quiet despair. He was sitting on the side of his truckle bed with his midday meal standing untasted beside him. When I entered he rose and asked me gently but wearily what had brought me back. Seeing that I hesitated, he asked quickly: "Miss Craig is not ill?" "No," I replied, "she is waiting for me to take her home; but I wished first to see you for a moment alone. It is quite true that your brother has been summoned to give evidence against you." I watched him keenly while I spoke, but his face was a blank. "You told- me that. before, sir," 1e said quietly. "Then there is nothing whatever they can force him to say?" "Nothing whatever, that I klnow." "You are sure he was not with you that night?" "Quite sure." "Excuse me for persisting; but have you no idea where he visited that night, when, as you say, he was making sick calls away on the mountains?" "No, sir." "Was it usual for him to be out and about so late?" "Quite usual. He was out at all hours of the day and night. You see. sir," the young man addled quietly, "my brother was always a little strange after he was ordained. I used to think sometimes that he wasn't quite happy in his new life. He had strange fits of depression, and once, I remember, I found him crying like a child." "On that particular night, before your arrest, did anything in his appear- ance strike you?" The young fellow reflected. Then, as if illuminated by a sudden memory, he exclaimed: "Yes, sir. He came in covered with mud as it he had been wandering over the open bog, and his face was wild as if he had seen a ghost. I asked him where he had been, and he told me that he had been visiting the sick and giving absolution. Then when we were alone he wrung me by the hand and said, 'Oh, Michael, why did I ever be- come a priest of God?' " 