COMPLETE IN TWO jj/STAZMJBN T$.. I WllflllOF MCE. : :: s( I " ALEXIS KFAUSSE, Author of " The Theoryj of Samson Veld," &u;„ &j.; (oopvEioar.. , m' SOMETIMES think that all '8 reality is a i dreiim, said the rs oouiuchs. l('| " Aud that i we shall '.wake ( irTn" up . some day and .wonder at . jts vividness," said the jour- nalist. "And forget %U those details ... ; which make the ' greatest impression on ' uswhiloweare . drcaminir," I suggested. Y/o had finished dinner, and had drawu round tho blazing log fire. The shutters had not been oloand, and as I sat outside the samioirclo olose 'by the countess's elbow, I watched tho v heavy- bunds, of fleecy clouds whioh ii north-west, wind was driving acros> the limb of an autumnal moon. . , 'The subjeot had been Btnrted by the dootor. who had volunteered, a ghost story, and this had led to a discussion in the course of whioh it transpired that. we all had just a tinge of superstition in our . composition. All with one exception— for Mrs. Grimstone had not spoken. I had observed, . however," that while' apparently gazing into the fire, and devotina all her attention to the sparks which now and then sailed up as the wood crackled and shifted in ' the grate, she wris listoniiig in tently to the remiirks being made, and us the countess, ventured, the dogma ohronioled above, I gathered by the chango in the ex pression of the face opposite mo she was about to break silenco with a purpose. "I eanuot say. that I agree with you," said Mrs., Grimstone, m that . sweet, subdued voice of hers, " hut it bus more thuu once occurred to tne thut muny dreuuis are reality, and that some deficiency iu our perception- cuuses u- to think them unreal." " My dear Philippu," replied tho couutess, "whatever brought you to think such a thiugP" "That involves the telling of a story, and a long one," suid Mrs. Grimsione. "T cannot tell you what it was. I could only relate to you the ci.rpumrtauces and- leave you: to classify them 'for yourselves. And as the story is not a pleasant cue I do not know that I should care to-toll it." . " You are very cruel, to thus excite our appreciation in order onlyr to disappoint us," cried the journalist, who never lost a possible opportunity of acquiring copy. " And wasting it: perfect ' raiso eri scene for a mystery tale," . put iu tho countess. " See, the fire is going down ; >yo are in serai- ilavkuesa. Listen ro tbe wind, it is blowing a gale. - We shall find some trees down in the morning, and there's your moon ready to give a finishing touch to the picture." " It is manifestly ordained that you should' hold us spellbound," I pleaded. Thus appealed to, she turned her beautiful pale face towards uh as thouuh with au effort, and appeared to debute withiu herself before refusing our request. But suddenly her face brightoued "JT will tell you the stoty if you would really like to hear it," she. Mud, .but-itis. not a pleasant one to listen to. It has been the bane of my life for fifteen years " Tbeij she paused awhile, aud turning her ace towurds the countess she fettled herself' on tho low bench ou whioh she was peuted, a -tvo, al itistiuclively .drew in a little and xtre pared to h-HtPii intently. " You uro'inost of you doubtless acquainted - with -tho circumstances of my husband's loath. :«8uch things me not easily forgotten ft is close ou twenty years ago siuuo it hop' poned, hut the fact remains. "But you are probably not aware of the roiisons for his having committed the fatal aot. It. is uecesftury that I should, refer t<> them. The subject, is a most paiufnl. one, as you will understand He took his own life rather than suffer disgrace. We were comparatively poor, and had losses ; aud iu a mad moment my husband bad got into the clutches of a usurer. "He had met the man at the houso of an acquaintance. He was an elderly man with a hook nose nnd a very long white beard. 3 rook such a strong dislike to him the first, rime we met that I avoided him as far as 1 could whenever he fell . in my way. He was evidently well-to-do! .'and lived in good style, though cxhibiting iutense vulgarity in all his surroundings. He was always talking ubuut , himself, and the many influential people he knew, and was most objectionably familiar with every woman be came across. He was altogether the most loathsome person I have ever met ; and to make his appearance espe cially disagreeable lie had a peculiar wen-like protuberance on Iiih throat just under his chin. It win like a turkey's wattle, and it was evidently to hide this that he wore so long a beard." We sue motionless as Mrs. Grimstone paused in her yecital. Her story had already engrossed our attention, and the well chosen . words in- which she rohl it were almost fasoi- ' outing in their simplicity. "This man boasted of being a member of several West End clubs ; ho belonged to a city company of which' he: was shortly to beeomo muster, be also lent money to his friends, so he said to ini husburid on more: than one occasiou ; and ouo fatal day Paul went to hiin and borrowed ;£50l). I never saw the ho signed, uud could never find out what the, terms wyro, but I do know that in thu course of foiir weary years oi harrowing suffering nnd 'constant slow tor ture; he succeeded in squoezing inoro'thau six hundred out of my husbaud Tu cons ant in , Htalments and; forfeits ou uccouut of interest alleged. to. .be due, while the original hill remained in the "usurer's bauds. : The fiend used often to coiiieatid seo Paul, and, when lie wus out insisted on seoing ino. Aud hi) ; usod'fo keep reinindiug.irie during his. hatofuL visits that ho could ruin xiiy husbaud , and rtHU.iiiy liomoJf'he'liked.:; 86 I;wus compelled to receive hitn add to be civil, until his per-' secution became uuute- and his attentions so intolerable that I rang, the bell and ordered . him out of the house. " I did not dare to toll roy husbaud what bad happeiicdTor' fear of " what he might do. , Nor dia I theri",realise what was; oocurring. But too late I found that upon leaviur our. houHCi the villain hud written to Paul to say that unless tho full amuuut of the bill were paid forthwith he would ruin him. ) George shot himself that night.''' 8be paused a. moment, but the only emotion she showed . betrayed itsolf in tho increased brightness of her eyos, whioh seemed to he flashing in the dim light, : " He left two lotters, written tho afternoon of that day. One wiis addressed to the man who .murdered him, the other to rap,. In ray letter ho explained that tbo course lie had taken was. tne only one possible to 'save me from disgrace. He reasoned that the villain would not dare to suo his executors for money whioh had already, been raoie than repaid. And the event proved he was right. The murderer had the infumy to send a wreath of flowers with his card to my house. " That was twenty years ago. Ethel was yet & child, and she was my only oomforL T left town with her -and- lived quietly in- Switzerland for four years. ' We oarae back, just before the unexpected death of my cousin, und I succeeded to tho; property too late to enjoy it. But Ethel was growing up, and I bad to go; about for hor sake; and thus it was: that wo went to join the house party at Lady Glover's. You all , know her plaoe und what a curious assortment of people one meets there. Wo Jound the Chase rather full .and sat .down; twenty to dinner, . But tho gaiety of the party And the constant. - round of entertainment amused Ethel, and -I did not regret having oome. " On tho second day wo went with a merry party for a drive to Crosby, Abbey, and on the homeward journey ono-of the horses fell and hroko Its krieo ; bo we were dolayod and had to' walk' baok four miles, ouly getting home just in time for dinner; and when we got into the drawingroom tho. visitors -were already;; goingi out. There had hcencsome fresh arrivals ip the afternoon, and my.'ntt en- tion wus claimed by an old'aoquaintunoo who took ;roe inx> to. dinner.' ;I didn't seo who it was took Ethel, .hut-.I just. saw the butterfly j in herhair as she. went into tho room, j Tho- dinner was' better than usual, but I had uo appetite, and felt indisposed. An I overwhelming wave of depression had sud denly' desoonded On mo. It was quite Useless fighting against it. My neighbour notioed it indeed, and teased mo about being so triste. I could only make apologies,. and say that I had tbu-.toothaohe, and immediately Lady Glover rose I hurried out of . the room aud went upstairs, threw myself on my bod, and gave way to a hysterical fit of wee ing. _ . "Thl relieved mo, end after au hour or so I wentdnwnstaira and entored the drawing' . room. My absoncp had not been noticed. I found Die gentlemen had bceu in some time. Someone had been playing, and everybody, seemed to be in high Bpirita, " I exohanged a few words with- old Mrs. Monorieff, who was . over ninety, and hod known my mother when she was a littlo girl. We spoke of old times und things, and then she said to me, ( What a graceful creature your little girl has grown. I have beeii ad miring her ever since dinner. But who is thut old gentleman she is talking to I" " Tten Iglunced round the room and saw Ethel seated at a table, idly, turning over an album i\f views, us she oh'atted with her father's Auvdercr !" ' ' - > ' At thiftjunofcure Mrs. Grimstone drew hor seat., a littf nearer . tho fire b.s though feeling cold. The journalist cleared his throat in order to remind uh that he was, taking it all in, and the countess funned herself to conlceal her anxiety. j ' '".I had giat difficulty, in 'keeping, my Kelf-possession. My 'first, impulse was to do siimething dreadful. Then it occurred to me that this man, though morally the murderer of my husband, was legally a tower of com mercial probity;! an ornament7 to tbo oity, you know I could not charge him with am oriine, and to have mado a scene would have been extremely ill bred; and have served to rako up tho forgotten trugedy- in my life. 'But to see Ethel confidentially talking to the man— taking an evident pleasure In Ins. com panionship — was loo frightful. He was cer tainly 110 fit oompauipri for any decent ' woman, I know tkat.' And my EtheLwas aii.uuuHiiully simple- iiatured girl. . " So I told Mrs. Moucrieff that I did. not know who the ptpon.was, and tried to catch Ethel's. attention. to bcokon her to me. But she wus m engrissed in hor convoraution that I could not. / . ' And I dfl not dare go and confront the old man. 7 could not trust myself. Tho horror of tW. situation overwhelmed me. I made Home/ excuse to my compuuion. aud; urorfsed th( room to where my nostoss was sitting, noticed as I did ho that the horrid wetrwus /isible behind the villain's benrd. "I asjed Lady Glover who ithp man was.. She answered mo with a significant smile. " 1 Ho is friond of Sir George Wragglos, sho t(/d me. His name is Joshua or1 JoHQpb, something beginning with a J. It may lb Judas, I don't remember. But Sir. Gcorgfo said he was a great friend of his. Ho is on somo of his compauies, and all thut sort of thiug; so 1 said he could bring hiiu ; und here he is— quito a character, don't you think so? They say he is very rioh.' ' : . "1/ slunk away - feeling unutterably, wrptcded. but was . cheered when young Richird Balraaiu u»-cu-<ed me of trying to out him/ He was always a' protege of mine, and hudonly Just got his commission for the Royals. T reassured him and packed him off to reiouo Ethel and bring lier to ine. Mfllio appoured surprised ut my message,, but rose and came to me not looking best pleased at being separated from an < amusing companion. He is so very funny,7 she re- inaraed, 1 so vulgar arid so conooiied, uud. ho bilks about norhiug but his set, and the upper ieri. I never met anything so grotesque. He fancies himself a sort of George IV. ' " I thought it wisest not to tell her any thing, aud so explained I thought it would be nice if we were to take a walk in the park. It was a pcifect night, and full moon, and 1 added that I wae sure that Mr. BuVuuin woulu bo our escort. . My proposal was' agreed to, dtid wekll weut out and strolled down the1 avenue- and under tho beeches, which von know at Braxieth are famous. .. Wo htayi'd nut quite an hour, and then wont in agaiii , but 1 xfioaderl fatigue, und so weur straight upstairs with Ethel, and beguiug her not to go down again we said good night, and went to onr rooms, which joined and com municated by a door from que to the other. to sb concludes. 