WIL D E, E.LTN: ' HER ESCAPADES, ADVENTURES / AND BITTER SORROWS. BY WILLIAM BLACK. CHAPTER HI. (CONTINUED). When she got home, she found she had only u few minutes in which to dress for dinner, but in' this brief interval she man- I lo supplement her costume with a novel form of decoration. 1 liis was an oval plaque cast in lead, some three and a half inches by two and a half, and bearing the following legend in bold relief: PARISH OF HUNTLY ... No. 6. It was, in fact, one of the badges granted in former dayB by certain parishes in Scotland to . superannuated and deserving persons, licensing tiicin to beg within prescribed boundaries. Miss Eelin slipped a bit of blue ribbon through the hole at the top; she fas tened the ribbon round her nccl:, so that the beggar's warrant was suspended in front; and then she made haste down into the din- ingroom, into which her mother had already preceded her. Th<y were only the two of them nt table; it was not often they had visitors. Atid at first the gentle, and placid, and smooth-voiced Bean-an-Tighearn did not notice; but presently her eye happened to' light on that ominous intimation, and milte prayer. She knew what the dark .medal meant. . "Really; Eelin," she said, in accents of hurt remonstrance, "I don't know what to make of yon! Already? — and this only the eighth of the month! . What do you do with your pocket money? I never see you buying the knick knacks that other girls get for themselves; and yet your purse is alwnj'S empty. I don't understand it, except that you are incurably careless and extrava gant." The culprit said not a word; doubtless she thought tlint silence was her best policy. And, indeed, when the elder lady had made a sufficient show of annoyance and reproach, she took out her purse, and selected a sovereign, and pushed it along the table cloth. That was the signal for Eelin of the wave-blue eyes. In a second she had jumped to her feet, the leaden medallion was thrown aside, and the next moment her arms were round lier mother's neck. ' "Dearest manimie, you're just goodness itself. And I know that money slips through my fingers. I don't believe it's niado of silver, or gold, or copper at all; I believe it's made of the gossamer stuff you sec on the hedges on the autumn mornings. But this time — this time there will bo a difference. Sixpence by sixpence— sixpence by sixpence; you will be fairly amazed at the laLting powers of this sovereign. And thank you, dear little mother, again and again." So that matter was happily settled. But there were other adventures lying in wait for Wild Eelin before she had got through with this evening. CHAPTER IV— IN TWILIGHT LAND. For she' had promised to carry along to Mr. Jameson, the keeper of the Islands, some sort of liniment of strange and start ling efficacy; and she impatiently waited for dinner to be over to bo allowed to go. And of course the ever timorous mother would have lier take one of the muids with her; and of course this daughter of a thousand Thanes, who had an excellent opinion of her capacity to look after herself, would have none of such feeble escort. "For the sake of appearances, Eelin," said the gentle mother. "Appearances?" she retorted, proudly. "I wonder who is to be judge of the cohduot of any one going out from this house! Mother, mother," the girl went on, "sonie- times it almost -makes me laugh — but .just as often I am nearer crying with vexation — to see the way you submit to the airs and pretensions of the snoboeracy of this town! You— you — with your cultivation, and your knowledge of foreign cities, and your friend- fillip tVlvll lulllUUa JICOJJ1L jUUj to UDtbU meekly to these provincial nobodies, and have never a word of protest when they presume upon you with tlieir bourgeois pre judices, their empty opinions, and their parochial ideas of precedence and import ance and showing off 'The dear Princesses!' I don't believe any one of them ever saw a princess, except perhaps on a steam boat on the Caledonian Canal! And you! mother— you— when they are inflating themselves be fore yon— why don't you quietly say to them I saw something of the princesses when 1 was Maid of Honor to the Queen; hut of course they were much younger then; only they don't forget old friends; and why don't you take them up to the wall of your, own drawingroom, and point to this water color and that water color, with their inscrip tions, and again you could say, 'You see they don't forget old friends—' " "Eelin," said the mother, half laughing (but yet secretly inclined to be just a little bit pleased , over the fierce indignation of her champion), "if I were to do anything of that kind, what would it be but self- assertion, and what is self-assertion but the safest and surest mark of the parvenu all over the world?" "Oh, but, uiummie, you do allow yourself to be jumped on so completely " "They might not find themselves so suc cessful if they tried the operation on you, Eelin," the elder .woman said, with a smile. At this the sea-blue black-lashed eyes opened wide. "What are you talking about, mother? Me? But I am nobody! I am nobody and nothing. I am like themselves. I am" stupid nnd ignorant, and provincial, like them selves; they can jump upon me if they choose. But it is you— it is you, mother — when I see their presumption towards you— their thick headed misunderstanding of your refine ment, and your shy ways, and the gracious qualities that just make all the world of a difference between you and tliein— then my blood boils; and sooner or later- — " "Yes— sooner or later?" said the Bean-an- Tighearn, now laughing outright. k "Sooner or later — when I see them impos ing upon you with their affectations, and gentilities, and -professions of acquaintance with the fashionable world — well, I will give fhnm n wrirH rtr hrn of pnliffli Vns. I will. I will say to them 'Do you know who my mother is? Do you know who you're talking to?' " "The grammar, Eelin!" "The grammar's good enough for them; it's the kind they're used to," she replied disdainfully. "Although I suppose there isn't one of them who wouldn't pretend to be able to correct your rending of Dante — yes, and give you a few hints about Spanish as- sonances— or be kind enough to tell you what was' the proper way of addressing her Majesty — "And now, my dear Whirlwind," said the slight, silver-haired, gentle-mannered lady, rising' from lier place, "now that you have finished your tirade against the highly re- pectable Bociety of Invernish — not that you know anything whatever about the people, for you won't go near them — " "I would go near them soon enough if they would treat yon with proper considera tion!" the girl exclaimed. "They are very good, kind, generous people— generous to a fault, for tliey keep sending you invitation after invitation, aud you always make some excuse, and I have to go and leave cards for you. But now that your tirade is finished, I suppose you have conclusively proved that you needn't take Agnes with you on your walk up to the Islands. ODly you'd better he off at once. And don't stop talking to Mr. Jameson. And get home well before dusk." And thus it was that when Eelin of the eyes like the sea wave sallied forth from the house; Bhe was alone; and this time she took her.way up the river instead of down; making for the Islands that lie in mid- stream. But 'it wasna to meet Duneira's -men'— no, nor yet Any poet or provost's sen. For sbo was an independent-loss,, was this one; and held . her head rigfyt high;., .v :/ j It was ab0ut8 o'clock, and the sfln had; Bet some, 2Q. jnihutes..befqre; but in these; latitudes tltere" is an abundance of daylight; at. that hour, in: the early part of August.' All along; the west, over the wooded hills,' there reigned a golden afterglow, fnir nnd peaceful nnd serene, that had hardly any where a suggestion of cloud; but over head in the pellucid blue-grey, there were a few saffron-tinted . flakes, changeless and motionless, their soft and steady fire seem ing to sny that they could see things un known to the denizens of this ncthor world .—that, they were looking out to the wild conflagration going on among the Coolin peaks, and by the shores of Cnnna and Uist, nnd Barrn, and across the flaming waters of , the Atlantic to the splendors' of tho hori zon line. Here, indeed— all around her, as Bhe went on between the open fields and the rowans and alders bordering ' tho river — everything was quiet and tranquil, and in clined to become mystically pale. The glow from the west reflected on the broad bosoin of the stteain was of a soberer tone; nnd oil the oily surface of the smoothly-swing ing current there were myriads of rapid, tremulous threads and streaks and touches of shadow, where the swift-changing ripples caught the opalescent blue of tho zenith. The trees, too, seemed to be darkening somewhat; one could imagine a trace of spectral mist through and behind the heavy masses of foliage. It was daylight, but not day; there wns something added— a some thing indefinite, illusory; in the nll-pervad- ing hush and drawing on of the closing hours might not the eries of Little Isabel of the Bannocks come plaintively over from yonder heights? - . , : Well, it was not of Little Isabel ot the Bannocks, nor yet of nny golden-liaired poet who might haunt these solitudes, that Eelin Macdonald wns thinking ns she left the hither side of the stream, and crossed one small suspension bridge nfter another, and followed the winding paths under the lofty treos and through tlio tangled brushwood of each successive island; it was rather of the superlative merits of the embrocation she carried with her in lior pocket; and when at length she had reached the Keeper's cot tage, and when she lind accomplished her mission— in the brisk, common-sense, good- humored manlier she could assume when she chose — then it was, and not till then, that she began to look n little nt her surround- ings ana consider wnac sol- suuuiu uu m.,,. The islands are very attractive, no doubt; and the luvcrnishians are properly proud of such an ingenious combination of public park nnd natural wilderness, of clear brown swirls and eddies under the overhanging hazels and alders, and open and Coaming white cataracts where artificial barriers di vert the broad rusli of the river. But then she had just come round from thnt direc tion; and there might be a little variety in going along the other hank, and crossing by the big suspension liridge further down; moreover, theije would be ample time for lier to got homo before dusk; and so, fi nally, without thought of harm — without definite intention of any kind— she held on her solitary way. And for lier. indeed, it promised to be a sufficiently solitary way. For though she was now facing towards the town, and had iiv'siglit about n mile of both banks of the Nisli, with the town itself closing in the vista — the towers of tho Cathedral, the bridges across the wide water, the scattered houses and gardens, and dominating the whole the lofty Castle-hill with its baronial walls' and parapets — and notwithstanding thilt the peaceful hour might have been ex pected to tempt the good folk out from their homes— there were remarkably few people to be seen — only a single figure, or a single couple, liore or there in the distance. She reculled that afterwards. It was a rather picturesque scene before her, but it was al- niOBt an untenanted one. And this was how the miracle of transformation caino to be wrought. She was passing behind some trees and bushes—about the Inst of them on this bank —when she suddenly heard .one small boy call to another— "Here, Jock, Jock!— he's got a fesli!" She could not see the small boyB; but (unless one of them wns a liar) she knew what had liappcncd; so she instantly pushed her way through the lmzel branches and the still more perplexing briars, until she could look out and down upon the. broad' river. She had anticipated correctly. Some way out, uiul well over his waist in the water was an elderly man, who, with', a flat cap ai\d tassel, . might have been taken for a Georgian schoolboy, or, with a diver's hel met, would have looked as if he had just come, up from the bottom, so bulgy and capacious were the indiarubber waders that lie, wore up to his armpits; and the top' of his salmon rod was steadily bent (no curve of .beauty invented by any artist of old was ever half so beautiful as that curve); while lie himself was straggling to back, out of the heavy current, and yet not daring to detach his attention from the line. "Hold on . to him, Fergus!" cried Wild Eelin, joeringly; for she plainly recognised his predicament. He must have known lier voice, he and Miss Eelin being old and familiar friends; but. he paid no heed to her; he did not even turn his head wlicu lie had successfully made his way ashore and warsled up on the grass. He had enough to occupy him. Most likely lie had been fiAhing this pool for several days, hour after hour, morning and evening, without getting a single rise to his fly; and now that he had induced one of the coy creatures to accept a Dunkcld, or a Silver Doctor, or a Durham Ranger, lie was not going 'to waste any of his thoughts on a laughing-eyed, saucy minx who had come along to look over liis shoulder, as it were. Especially at the beginning of the fight, when all was as yet uncertainty. Now it is to he observed that at the open ing of theso proceedings there were only four spectators— that is to say, the fisher man . Fergus Dunn, the daughter of the house of Kinvaig and two nameless and hare-footed laddies. And tho town was a mile away; and it was past 8 o'clock; and the surrounding country had appeared de serted. And yet very soon Miss Eelin, who could not help -tarrying to witness this silent duel between Fergus and the fish, be- camo. vaguely conscious that several people had congregated around her— behind, her- on the grassy bank and up on the gravelled pathway; and every yard or two that the salmon retreated down the river this un-. known concourse, mysteriously augmenting itself every moment, also moved, forward. At first she gave tho scattered crowd no heed, because it was mostly invisible to her, and all her attention was concentrated on the point where the line touched the water; but presently this ever increasing assem blage had extended up and down until it seemed to encompass the fisherman and his young companion. Whence and whither had these people come, then, on this still, voiceless, vacant evening? Had they sprung out of the bowels of tile earth? There was a boil on tlio surface of the current. Boom! went a murmur of excite ment through the mass of spectators. And yet truly this was but a poor spirited fish; it would not show any kind of fight; it merely sulked at the bottom from time to time, and then again it would fall down with the Btream, making it a matter of cal culation as . to how long it would take to reach the sea. . '.'A. sluggish one, that, Fergus," said the girl who was following him step by step. "Beggars maunna he choosers; bliss Eelin," responded her friend; salmon of any kind being prized in these waters. And meanwhile the small multitude, that hud doubtless been perceived from the Castle Hill, had grown with- incredible rapidity to a great multitude — old men and young, lasses and lads, message boys, grave townsfolk, strangers in tourist attire;- why, eyen the nurses at the infirmary 'opposite had come flying across the gardeh' to' pcer through the' railings at the unwonted' tur moil. All qlong the banks and out.on'to the suspension bridge these eager swarms of -folk clustered, with eyes glowering through the gathering dusk at the oily breadth of river.it-.was a. nervous crowd, expectant,. quick,..to.. anwer.;.and-,warn and, assert , among its composite; members; while,' even ! the dogs had become quite excited by the ' 1 'general feniieht/ nnd were careering hither anil thither. yelping nnd barking. Then! every newcomer — every' unit added to tho dense accumulation— lind to be informed; and lind plenty of informants. "It's only n sea trout!" said one, con temptuously. lie was a fool. "It's a. twenty- pounder — I saw him ma- self when lie jumped out of the water!" an other maintained, thinking to gain import ance. He was a liar. "There's. no half enougli strain on the line!" said. a third. He was a critic — and a fool and a liar nil combined. "Teach your grandmother! There's not a better fisherman than Fergus Duun in the whole of Invernessshirc!" "Keep out o' the way there, you laddies!" "Hand back — baud back. Gie the man a chance!" 'Tin sa.vin', will naebody ea' in tliey d d dogs!" This outburst of righteous indignation was addressed to the crowd at large, by an irate old carter who appeared to have gone half out of his mind with sym pathetic anxiety. "All — ah! Look — look! There — there — there!" — a thousand exclamations broke forth simultaneously when twice the slug gish salmon rolled over and showed itself on the surface; and then there was an afi-ab- sorbipg scrutiny to see that the line still held. It wns the strangest spectacle — none stran ger of its kind could be found anywhere else in the Queen's dominions; the wan twilight gradually coming oyer the castled hill, and tho town, niid the hanging woods, but leav ing the wide stream of a curious metallic hucp tlie. dark assemblage, slow-moving and murmuring: the liueleus of this nebulous gathering u little elderly man who was being steadily drawn down to tho sea by a stub born fish, his companion a young girl who was either carried on, step by step, by the keenness of lier interest in the struggle, or who was too proud to acknowledge the ex istence of this great concourse surrounding her. Then came the thrilling moment of the bridge; and when old Fergus was seen to descend into the water again, to follow the fish underneafli, there were further exclama tions. "Tho man'll drown himself!" "He caiina hold back against that wecht o' wntter!" "He'll be into a hole!" "Acli away! He kens every stone on the bottom as well's he kens the High- street!" "He. canna follow — it's no possible!" Indeed it seemed a perilous exploit; for the river was high; and here tho confined current charged furiously through; but Fer gus, cautiously groping with foot after foot, made on and on, until the mass of specta tors over liis head had to rush from one side of the bridge to tile other. And still the tackle held; and still the obdurate salmon, trusting solely to the weight of the stream, and not tiring itself by any dramatie flourishes, kept retreating and retreating; and still the mysticftl twilight deepened all round, until here and there, through the gar- dens of the adjacent villas, the golden star of somo newly lit lamp trembled and gleamed. As for Wild Eelin, forgetful of the time, place and circumstances, the overpowering fascinations of the pursuit held her cap tive; and old Fergus, who . had returned to tho bank' after getting underneath the bridtro. addressed to. lier a wo I'd now and again, as if assuming she would not desert liim, but see out this adventure to the end. Besides, there was an indescribable glamor witchery, diablerie about the scene all around her, now that the darkness was clos ing down; the sombre, half silent assem blage seemed n phantasmal kind of thing; the spectral light on tne water appeared to come from 110 earthly source. Of a sudden there, was a low cry from the crowd; the fish hud shown itself again— even through that. ashou glare on the surface ;of the' current. . "The white feather at last!" "Dod, he'd , better take care; Fergus Dunn's cfter 'm!" "The dour decvil — he'll be 'off yet!" And again lie showed — this time sailing somewhat nearer the hank. Fergus took a .firm stand, reeling up tight. By this time tliey were all of them down in the suburbs of invernish, and servants at attic windows nnd their mistresses at front doors were straining tlieir eyes out into the dusk, won dering at the tuuiult. At length, and unex pectedly, Fergus turned to his companion. "Will ye take the rod now, Miss Eelin?"' Tliorc was hardly any opportunity for hesitation, nnd she was a fearless kind of creature; the next second she had got the rod ill lier left hand, and the fingers of her right ;hand on the reel; while old Fergus was creeping and crouching down by the waterside, with a formidable steel instru ment in his grip. The hum of the people hud almost ceased: they seemed to dread lest their talking — tlieir very breathing — might work some mischief. Inch after ineli Fergus crawled along; Eelin was putting on all the strain she dared; then there was a gradual giving in and giving in — her fingers busy witli the reel as if her very life de pended on it: finally came a quick stroke of the gaff, and the next moment the fish, in the fiiding light, was seen to bo safe on the bank. The whole multitude seemed to give one sigh of relief and satisfaction, and the pent up llood of excited talk broke loose, each nutn turning to liis neighbor with a triumphant look, as if he himself had been through the'.loug contest aud come out the happy victor. And now, for Miss Eelin, arrived the re action. When she had surrendered the. rod, and bade good night to Fergus, she turned to set out for home, and the crowd courteous ly made \%iy for her to pass. She went back to the suspension bridge, which was now al most empty; she crossed over to the other side, and then she sped away like a ghost through the crepuscular gloom. There was no longer any intoxicating eagerness of in terest, no proud disregard of bystanders, no wilful self-reliance. A certain chilliness of reflection had supervened. There was an ominous question occupying lier mind and momentarily -assuming larger dimensions; and the question was this— What would the shy, gentle hatured; decorous Bean-an-Tig hearn. think when told that her daughter Eelin had acted as gillie for an old- fisher man,. in full view of the assembled populace of Invernish, to say nothing of the hotel tourists from the south? Nay, Eelin herself could now recall (with a burning forehead) that at the very moment she took the rod from old Fergus she distinctly heard one English stranger say to his companion, "Why, it's better than a theatre!" She would have liked to have killed that man. Now amongst those who had made way to let her go through the crowd was a rather good-looking young fellow — tall, fair haired, with refined features, and somewhat timid grey eySs — who seemed considerably struck by her appearance. Ho was daring enough — in tho dim half-darkness no one could notice liim — to let his regard follow her while she remained in Bight. And then he turned to his neighbor — who was waiting to sec the 10-pounder tied head and tail. "Do you know who that young lady was?" he ventured to ask. The lad— who looked like a tradesman's messenger, and doubtless was acquainted with everybody— stared at his confession of ignorance. "That?" said he. "That was Miss Mac donald of Kinvaig!" (To be Continued.) 