The Babes in the Wood-. \- Forty people are concerned in the new setting of The Babes in the Wood—that is, forty people are required to illustrate the principal group. It takes forty times forty to represent the satellites; in fact, rarely has such an assemblage been seen on the stage of the Princess'. There has been much conjuring on the part of the stage manager and the librettist to evolve so many different types of character. The old nursery story merely mentioned half a dozen personages. But a modern audience would think themselves badly used if a too great faith were placed in nursery traditions. With forty people scrambling for a share in the plot, it is little short of a miracle that anybody gets anything worth while. Bnt the strongest wins, as usual, and some very clever scenes are built up out of'slight materials. .Robin Hood and his foresters good have been pressed into Bervico, and around these popular marauders circle a bevy of beautiful village girls, carol singers and others, clad in the most Bumptuous style, and regulating their actions to the.rhythm of a fairy dream. Ifyis a happy idea to'have the "Babes" represented by two such dear little creatures: Misses Connie .Soioman and Isabel Hundley, forth is bit of realism appeals to ybung a^id old alike, and the sparkling Miss Ada' Rebye is left free to personate Maid Marian aad make her i more bewitchingly impudent than any other .actress ever had the wit to be. Robin Hood, as befits his reputation, is of a graver mood, at least Miss' Alice Rene so understands him. Mr. Bert Gilbert,as the wicked uncle, is to be credited with introducing a really admirable character sketch of the eccentric kind. The Baron Bounder is old Eccles redivivus, altered to fall in with the whims of burlesque. His tongue is perpetually in a knot, and the lamentable effort to make his speech clear to his own mind keeps the audience in a roar. But Mr. Gilbert is far too smart to allow the peculiarity to become wearisome. It is always judiciously introduced. Mr. George Lauri and Mr. Berkeley have a most laughable scene all to themselves in the forest, when among other diversions the-.ruffian who gets killed re- Appears as a ghost in a radiance of the greenest of green light. Little Gulliver is a capital little page full of natural drollery and irrepressible vivacity, and never allowing song or scene to drag. Mr. -George De .Lara's make-up as the nurse is another point to dwell on in a production that numbers points by the . hundred. The tiring specialty interpolations which are generally a feature of holiday pieces are conspicuously absent. .No one wants them, no one even thinkB of them for the sufficient reason that the principal performers are all genuine comedians, and have the chance of working in all sorts of unexpected novelties, for instance Mr. Gilbert's shooting excursion amongst the magic rabbits, or Miss Reeve's " Little Maiden of To-day." The music .is lively throughout, and in one instance, social gatherings are placed under an obligation to the stage by the rollicking birthday song and chorus. .This is whistled all over the town already. For the bird ballet Mons. Leon Caron has written a measure, rippling, dainty, and with just the kind of melody that birds might have warbled while other birds danced. Mr. George Gordon has a choice of no less than seven subjects, varying from the whirling life at Nottingham Fair to the poetic piece of Sherwood Forest. Everybody knows what this prince of scenic artists can do when he gives free rein to his fancy, but Sherwood Forest seems to be more wonderful in its beauty than any other forest from the same brush. His son, Mr. John Gordon may be said to have gained his first chance in this production. At least, all his preceding work has been tentative, compared to the originality, the inventiveness and the deft handling of color in " Doll Land," which is the picture of all others to be remembered by the thousands of juveniles who will flock to the Princess' during the holidays. "The ' Wedding Breakfast" is in Mr. Phil. Goatcher's happiest style, and as it is in this scene that the finest display of costumes takes place, the effect is bewildering in its beauty. Never since the world began was there such a wedding or such a breakfast, or each a gathering of guests. In fact, Messrs. Williamson and Musgrove have shaken the purse of Fortunatns over their latest effort, and made every production pale in comparison. 