REIDITES IN CONCLAVE. Written fob * Truth,* [Br G-eo. H, Q-reen.] And the Glnn-eyed Ono called together hie Elders and said unto them these words ' Rejoice ye, oh my brethren, for by artful dodging and sinuous contortions, have we been enabled to avert defeat on the censuro motion cast against us by the Godless Tobyites, and I ask you, my brethren, to join in this beautiful hymn of thanksgiving Praise we the Loard for meroies great, And joyfully we sing, Of our escape from dread defeat By the Tobyilish king, For plead we guilty fo the charge Gainst our immbral vein. And though t^ey thought to heave us out, Yet here we are again. Serene and smiling as of yore, We stand & Godly orew, Our motto each one for bimself| We faithful draw our screw. Our leader is the Great I Am, Of wriggling, shuffling fame — Tbe mighty Rumptjr Tumptj Beid, A foreigner to shame. And Che feelings of the Glass-Eyed One were so wronght upon by self- laudation, that in the spirit of youthful frivolity he forthwith executed a serpentine dance, thereby causing righteous anger to swell the bosom of the unctuous Brunker. wno in thunderous tones declaimed against the antics of the Glass-Eyed One, and spake as follows ' Why all this rejoicing amongst ye ? Know ye sot that although we were enabled to overthrow the mighty Tobias, yet were the tribes of opinion it were better that we should forsake the Treasury benches, that honester men may sit thereon.' 1 And I tell thee, brethren, that though the Glass-Eyed One may think his actioos in a serpentine dance are' graceful, yet is the poetry of motion absent from his evolutions, for he resembleth to my mind one who was known in the long ago as the Satyr— the pedal extremities of whom were goatish.' Now though confusion reigned, and great noise, yet was the attention of the Elders attracted by the plaintive voice 'of Tater Young, who with uplifted hands said * Well it is for ye to rejoice, for your hold upon the Treasury is fairly assured, whereas mine is but dicky. For have I not to face the commission of Phatoh to answer the charges levelled against me by tbe Tobyites, aud 1 demand succor in the hour of my need from the Glass-Eyed One at whose instiga tion 4 acted the jackall/ And the Glass-Eyed One rose, and with gentle humor, spake as follows - /Thy verdant nature, oh, my brother, would at all times poifct to thee as a fit jay to intercede with the Hayseed^ on behalf of the gentle Nan- Nan, for thy deep knowledge of potato aud pumpkin lore must have weight with those engaged is the propagation there of, And though the Hayseeds scorned the voice of the tempter, yet have we drawn the attention of tbe tribes unto thy actions, and thus diverted public attention from our own doings/ And smiting his breast, he of Tater fame cried aloud, * Woe, woe, is me ; as a sparrow hasteneth into the snare, so was I tempted to enter the trap prepared by the Glass-Eyed One, and the result, though gratifying to my brother Elders, is for from being so to me, and henceforth will I be more wary.' % And Cocky of the Camera spake these soothing words into the ear of the weeping Tater, 4 A fellow-feeling, oh, my brother, ' makes ns wondrous kind and I can feel for thee in thy position, for «s thou wast led to act the jackall at the Hastings, so was I led to act the angora at Armidale in attacking the scribe Norton/ As $ red rag is to the bull, so the name Norton was to the Elders, and cones both loud and deep, and of extraordinary vehe mence, pervaded the atmosphere. And one Lee, who dwelleth in the halls of lajnstice, rose andkaid— 1 Word hath come onto my ears of doings strange and dis orderly in the Tabernacle of Injustice, pre sided over by one Edwards. Language Par liamentary, wise and otherwise, being freely used, and solphoroas compliments passing to and fro, which so wrought upon trie feel ings of the tribes present. that their voices converted the Tabernacle ot Injustice into a miniature Hades-' And Barney Varices, who abideth in the halls of the Ghost Office, mildly interjected, 4 Friend, what hath this of interest to the Council of the Eiders?' As a meteor from heAvsn, there sprang oa to the floor of the hall Cocky of the Camera, who, gesticulating wildly, cried : * Would ye know of what interest this is to ns? Then learn ye that the old enemy* Norton, is con cerned therein, and is bringing into con tempt the valiant champion of our cause, Mister Mara, who though looked upon by the sncients as the God of Battle, yet is he snubbed and wiped tha floor with by ths scribe Norton, even as I at Armidale** Then spake Holy Joe, the miner. ' As a follower ot Christ do I entreat yon to con sider if it were not more Christ-Iiko to attempt to 4-uj this 'scribe over, and so secure peace to our minds, and I trust you will join me in the following prayer on his behalf, and endeavor to bring him to the paths of rectitude and discretion/ And raising bis hands he cried aloud, with sancttmontous^nuffle^ 4 Oh, Loatd, -we beseech- Thee that Thou wouldit bring Tby holy influence to bear upon tbia wretched man, that we may no longer be scourged by him, and we ask that Thon wilt cause a spark from Tophet to light upon tbe offiee of his ungodly paper, that he, together with his whole plant* be consumed, and let it resemble in magnitude the fire of Red fern. And we ask, oh Loard, that his losses may be more real than some of those who claim to have suffered at Bed fern. This we aBk for Cocky of the Camera's sake— Amen.* t The nnctuous Brunker arising asked what steps had been taken by the Elder, Lee, in reference to the fiasco which occured in the Tabernacle of injustice. And the Eider Lee answered thus : *So much hath my time been taken up with f eastings and wineingi that I have bees unable to perform all my ministerial obligations, but faithfully have I promised one Griffith, of Coalopolis, that the matter should receive jnst consideration.' And the Elder for dissemination ot ignorance rose and in measured terms, ad dressed the Council, asking if the Griffith mentioned ' 'Was he whose blood had sprinkled the earth, at the battle of the Hastings whilst championing the cause of Reidites/ and en being answered in the affirmative, londly protested against such, an one as he stirring up matters of decorum, for did he not participate in the distur bance in the council of the Tobyites at tho Hastings, and was he not ejected therefrom, yea, was he flnng boiily from their midst, falling with sickening thud upon that part of bin body which ia aotipode to his head, tthe effect of which shook appears to be still acting on his brain, and he would ask him to commit to memory the following im pressive lines. In raking np another's faults, ^ Pray don't forget your oirn, * For' men like you, the be»t to do, Is let John N* alone. For believe, I pray, when this I say That John can hold his own, So try, I pray, some other way i To bit him with a stone., 7Now,-the Minister for Japan having taken all in, explained to the Elders that as the Scribe Norton appeared to sit on their chests as a hideous nightmare, he had considered it expedient to bait a little trap, the trap to take the form of the Defamation Bill, wherein power would be given to those lack ing probity and integrity to screen tbem selves from the jnst censure of tbe press. \- Therefore reBt thee assured,' be cried, 'this fiery Ishmaelite's reign of terror is sear at hand.' ' Whereupon there arose upon the midnight air the following pefr∈ : The political donkey's heels are upj j Aud Want is on bis mettle He's got a bill, a little pill, John Norton's hash toseitUa We'll cast the bait aud quietly watt Till John is iu good fettle* And with the defamation bill His hiBp we'll quickly settle* Then three round cheers for Jack the Jap, Who is keen as any noitle ; He's bound to be a C,M.G. *v: ? If Norton he caa settle. After this spontaneous outburst of patriotio enthusiasm had subsided, ! tbe unctuous Brunker rose on hiB blinder quarters and discoursed these sweet words of., unctuous self-congratulation : ' It giyetb. me pleasure to convey unto ye, oh, my brethren. the congratulations of tbe viceroy, relative to the importation of those beautiful mina tnre kiae, imported into the laud by the politically defunct Nan-Nan, who with goat like instinct, readily grasped the idea that a nation's progress depended more upon the ornamental than the utilitarian qualities of its assets, and it giveth me pleasure to tell in detail tbe scientific method of inspection adopted by his excellency. I place these items under the following headings Female cows: 1. From the tipof the right car to the point of the right hip, almost the game length as from the tip of the left ear, to the point of the left hip, 2. Brisket hanging slightly in front and between the fore-legs. 3\. Udder well behind, situated under the abdomen. 4. Tail short and bushy, form ing an antipodean appendage. 5. Neck short and thick, showing an inclination to corpulency, 6. Shoulders thrown outwards, tapering suddenly towards the hips, this would' indicate to the educated dairyman treat milking capabilities. Now, brethren, this opinion of his Ex cellency fully justifies the importation of these cattle into our midst, for his claim qf an expert judge of dairy cattle is undisputed, he being descended of a dairying family of tbe Jong ago. As a fitting end to ourl&bors;, I ask you to join in the hymn written speciallyfor us God-fearing Eiders : Praise Held, from whom all blessings flow; Praise him who everything doth know; Praise fiim. who gave us each a post, Thus keeping Lyne and Go. on toast. Praise him whom every move doth dodge That coraoth from the Tobite lodge $ Praise this pastmaster of deceit* TFbo keeps ua cringing at hii fee^ A — -a — amen, 