WORK IS PARLIAMENT. AX EXTRA DAY'S SITTING. THE TAXATION PROPOSALS. Hamlet's appeal to the ghost—"Let rae not burst in ignorance," would be very appropriate for the ordinary member of Parliament. They are so prolific in ques tions on each day that the House sits that one is tempted to ask how incy manage to get through the other portions of the week, and how they can possibly avert an explosion during the long and Si lent months of the recess, when they have no one available to whom they can suo mit their variegated interrogations. A quarter of an hour went in enquiries on Monday, and they were pretaced by a message from the Governor recommend ing provision to be made for the return to district councils of cerram hawker s fees. ilr. King O'Malley then couchect a question in the following form:— Hogs the Government know that the owners ox the land between the Hindmavsh and in man Rivers claim ownership of the fore shore along their property, and power to prevent the use thereof by the public, in fact, can stop the people from walking along the seashore. AVill the Government, bring in. a Bill next session^ to recover this inalienable heritage or democracy and '■ the property of the umncu bated billions of future ages. The Premier replied in the negative. Mr. Wood was next tokl that the Government consider that the younger man m eliarge of the Parliiinientary flighting plant, who now gets £75 a year, should be paid a least "(is. daily for 48 hours.per week. Mr. Bcherk ascertained that it is impossible before next election to establish aj second polling-place fori East Adelaide rjn,g' ail,s?n," street, bun Mr. Kingston cheerfully added that as Mr.'Bcherk is sure to be in larlia nient next year he can bring the matter up again then. Mr. Dumas received a pro mise that two men wno had been vviong lv sent from Mount Barker to Murraj Bridge by the Labor Bureau should be re paid their travelling expenses, while Mr. Kingston told Mr. Grainger that althougn fie. cannot now state fully his intentions as 1 to Federation, he can assure the House that there will be another referendum be i fore anv Federal- scheme is adopted by this colony. The Connnissioner ot Grown i Lands gave notice in respect to various I exchanges of laud, and to the esniblisiiment of a vermin district. Then various papers were laid on the table, and so the prelimi I narv business was-wiped out of tlie way. I Mr. Holder at 2.14 formally moved the House into Committee of Ways and i Means in order to prepare the way tor the introduction of the Income Tax Continu ance Bill, the object ot which is to give currency for another year to the reduction of the exemption from £200 to £lo0, and to wipe out altogether the exemption on incomes over £450. Mr. Grainger de manded fuller information, ,and this be ing refused he indignantly. .Mtackecl i the Treasurer on the subject. these things, be thought, should be fought out in the House and not in committee, while the fullest explanations should be given. /He talked of tbe iniquitousness ot the in come tax, and claimed that politicians in making up their returns should be allowed to deduct their election expenses from their £200 a year. He referred to the way the salaried man has to pay up and the man ner in which big men escaped by deducting losses, "i know nothing about squatting ; —he began and Mr. Broqker raised a l merry laugh by interjecting insinuatingly j "You'd do- much better squatting. How ever, Mr. Grainger remained on his legs. He gave a sad account of an agricultural venture of bis ■ own when .170 acres proved completely barren, and then lie went on to speak of die "blackmailing proclivi ties of the Income Tax Department He was praising his own district and Mr. O'MaHey said it was not equal to Arcadia. Then, waxing historical, Mr. Grainger said tbe Arcadians of old were simple minded: people, who were all bars, as for instan.ee—"Arcades Ambo, liars bota. Mr. Burgoyne suggested ' Blackguards both" and Mr. Grainger said the House; could take either meaning. Mr. Batcbeior thought' the exemption low enough already, while Mr. Wood prophesied that the Go vernment will soon try to reduce it to £100/ Mr. OlMalley considered the in come tax extremely fair, and Mr. Giles reminded Mr. Grainger that it is an honor to he sneered at by the Treasurer. Messrs. Glynn, Miller, Moody, McDonald, and Cock supported the Government; Mr. Hourigan spoke against them; Mr. Gate was with them, Messrs. fccherk and Arebi? bald took the other side,-and Mr. Hague reluctantly accepted 'tfce extra taxation. Mr. MacLachlan referred to the hard work and small pay of the tanners who, I he ase'rts, seldom sec a sovereign and never have tvvo to rub together, Mr.; Roberts praised Mr. /MacLachlan as one of the best farmers' representatives in the House, but urged 'that Mr. MacLachlan wished to put taxation on anyone but the agriculturist. Mr, Roberts objects to al lowing the Government to do as they like in taxation matters^, especially, when the proposals are brought down' at the last minute of the session. Major Oastme also complained of the Ministerial procrasti nation, and then at 5.50 p.m. Mr. Holder replied. If he had given his supplemen tary statement two months ago, he said tlie" taxation asked for would have been larger. He left things.to the last moment, be claimed, so tliatr'' be can tell exactly what extra taxation will be necessary, and he warned the House that if they did not accept the present proposal; they would have to come back after Christmas and devise some other means of wiping off the expected deficit. An interjection from Mr. Grainger induced Mr. Holder to say that he wishes that that gentle man were Treasurer for a day-or two so that he might attain a sense of responsi bility, and be taught to 'refrain from hazarding rash and ridiculous financial as sertions: At 6.13 p.m. tue Houae went into committee to. consider the resolution on which the Bill is. to be based. Mr. Grainger again intervened with assertions which showed that 'he had not carefully followed the announcements made by the Treasurer from time to time within the last three months. "As we are coming back after Christmas in any case to talk of Federation," Mr. Grainger said, ' we mi tilt as well postpone the financial pro posals till then." It is hardly worth •wlrile adjourning," remarked Mr. Batene lor, and Mr. Grainger agreed that as mem bers are paid for working every month they might as well earn their money. However, he agreed not to talk after din ner, and with that pleasing promise ring ing in their ears members went to that "'Almost immediately after resuming work the resolution was carried and the Income Tax Bill was introduced, the second read ing being fixed for to-day, a similar course being , followed in respect to the Loan Transfer Bill. The Council's amendments in the Health Bill were next considered, and by 20 votes to 17 it was decided to; insist upon the amendment of Mr. Dumas, limiting the power of the Central Board to j charge for its interference in loeal affairs; to occasions when the latter, body neglects its duty. Kext ...the ZPoljce Amendment Bill was put through with the addition or the clauses introduced by tbe Premier to prevent worthless men from living on the prostitution of women. Then at 8.10 p.m. the Marine Store Bill was called on, and there "was gome .warm' talk at times con cerning. it, especially from Mr. Loberts. He twitted the Government -with dropping important measures, like those referring to Factories and Workmen s Liens, m order to spend .their time on grandmotherly Je o-islation of this shameful character. "Don't be ridiculous;" suggested Mr. Price who was told that he appeared to have lost the little common sense he once bad, because of too much association with empty bottles. "Well," retorted Mr. Hut chison. ""You have not found the common ^emsc " By 19 votes to IS it was decided that collectors should not work after a p.m., while by 28 votes to 8 they were pre vented from entering premises without the owner's permission. Waxing impatient again, Mr. Roberts tried at 9.10 p.m. to defeat the Bill by moving Mri Catt out ot the chair, but once more lie suftered de feat. while by 20 votes to 14 he failed to obtain permission for one man to combine the positions of dealer and collector, bii der clause 20, which deals with regulations, Mr Roberts sarcastically asked what color the collectors' trucks would have to be painted, and ventured the suggestion that Lhe West Adelaide colors would be chosen. "Oh, certainly tliev will be used to bring voters to tlie poll." remarked Mr. Kingston and Mr. Hutchison said something about the collection of idiots. "If tlie trucks are used for tlie collection of idiots they would o-et a fine haul in Parliament, aud I would not interfere with tlieir work," said Mr. Roberts, who further accused Messrs. Hutchison and Price of being lost to all sense of wisdom and decency. They should have respect for the opinion ot others lie thought, and not indulge in idiotic by play. The Treasurer thought matters of detail should be left to the officers to regulate. So at 9.20 p.m. the Bill went through. Mr. Hutchison tried to recommit tlie measure so as to prevent aliens from obtaining licenses, but lie was beaten by 20 votes to 10. Then it was read a third hird time and passed'. Mr. Kingston next 'moved the second HV.IT . UC.HG UlUlfW HIV. reading of "the Children's Protection Bib, which he described as a simple but iiu-J portant measure, Having for its object the removal of temptation from boys and fclie 'better protection of girls by raising'the age of consent in their case to 17 years. Mr. C'utt supported the bill, -which ^vas .'op posed, however, by Messrs. Wood and Homburg. Mr. Hutchison voiced the opinions of the State Children's Council in favor of the chief portions of the Bill.. Incidentally he remarked that recently he picked up an indecent advertisement, and was astonished to find on closer examina tion that it was published by. the joint au thority of the Victorian and South Austra lian Railway Departments. Mr. Roberts at 10.30 p.m. secured the adjournment oi the debate till next day. Mr. Kingston moved 'the second reading of the Parlia mentary Library Bill, on which Messrs. Archibald, Glynn, and C'att offered their opinions, after which the debate was ad journed 'till to-d'ay. At 10.45 p.m. the House rose. The absentees were Meters.. Laudseer, Randel'l, and Solomon. 