. TEBEIBLE BURNING ACCIDENT. _ ?:/ A SYDNEY MAN-FALLS ON A HOT ' Vt5TEAM-PIPE IN A BAJCH. HIS FLESH ADHEkED TO i THE PIPE LIKE A STEAK-. TO A FRYINGPAN. AN AWFUL ;i5IGHT. , . . While in a bath in ^itt-streefc a Mr. Jarvia had the misfortune to'Blip'aiid;fall on the hot water .pipes, and befor.e he could.be rescued he was scalded aud burht'in_.a terrible way. The shock' o&the; burning and the.. fall proved to bo very disastrous for Mr. jarvia, and for a number of years after he was 'a confirmed invalid, Buffering torribly- from locomotor ataxia aud other forms ot' paralysis. A few months ago, howeve^, reports began to be circulated in the neighborhood that Mr. Jarvis was getting round again, aud that he had had a most marvellous reccvery from this appa rently incurable malady. It was on account of theso runiors that a special reporter from tho Sydney Worker was despatched to get all information regarding same, and one afternoon ho made his way to his house, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. Mr. Thos. Jarvis was discovered nursing a two-year-old baby, and his face declared him one of the happiest men iu Sydney. Ho was up and- about, and able to answer tbti knock at tbe door. Although pale and bearing Btill a few marks of a critical illnesB and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was au invalid no more. In reply to the preliminary questions he said: 'Y'311 want to know ali about my case? Well, ! am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts' may be of value to those who are siriokbii as I was.' ' How long were you suffering r'' ''Well, twelve mouths ago. I got so bad that I had to leave ,off work, aiid I have done nothing, sinoo then. About five years ago next Christmas I met !with -an accident; I was. badly sbalded - while taking a bath in Pitt street, 'Sydney. Since the accident I have been iu failiog health, and after four years of graaual development of the malady I was t creed , to give ' up my billet at the Glebe Island.' | ; What were. the. symptoms?' ' Siinply indescribable. The pains were something terrible'. They were just about as much, as I could bear! They were for all tbe world like us if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. . I had no control over my bowelB'or bladder, aiid was a nuisance to myself and everyone else.T was incessautly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor Bieep. On the March 23 last 1 saw a well-known doctor, and- he told me that my jja^e waB. utLerly hopeless. However, ho gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions.' 'Did, you make use. of the order?' . 'No; I came heme aud went to bed, and it'ave been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact, I could not get out of bed. 1 felt theu that it was all oyer with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and be did all he could, by opium aud morphia pilla, to ease the agony I was in.' I was uuder hiui for five or six weeks'. He carnu to the couolu sion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spiual cord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait, aud difficulty iu co-ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get tho use of my logs. (Just theu ihe patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at the idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure effected in the case of another boileruiaker in Euglaud, whioh I read iu tbe Australian Workman, by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. 1 read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to sat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite aud rest I had bad for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left tho be\i, and was able to move about. You Bee those crutches there ? They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for mo before I got Dr. Wiliiatns' Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use theniy and now I don't want them.' ' Ho is 100 per cent, better,'' said Mrs. Jarvis, who had coine in and taken the baby, on her knees. ' The Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People havo saved his life, and made another man of him.' A friend who called in at this point said that Jarvis looked 10 years younger that day than he did a fortnight previous. 'I cau now,' continued Jarvis, 'have a cold batb, and all tho feeling has come back into my legs. I ascribe all the change and benefit to Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. They nave Baved my life. I ain in no- pain now whatever, aud fool like a newsman. Ou the mantelpiece there is a box- of opium and mor phia pills whioh the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. ' But' they can stay where tboy are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me lias been amazed at tho change in mo. They can hardly believe their eyes. My boing about again haB caused quite a sensation out here.' Suoh ib this remarkable history, and it con firms what is said in all the chief news papers of this country of tho astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, aud spinal disease, also the mauy disorders which arise from au impoverished Btate of the blood, such as anaemia, palo and sallow complexion, general muscular weak ness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous head ache, &c.; Mr. J. S. T. M'Goweu, leader of tho Labor Party in the N.S.W. Legislative Assembly, was seen by our .reporter iu connection with tho remarkable case of Thomas Jarvis. Mr. M'Goweu says he has known Jarvis from infancy. He also knew that he had to give up his work at Glebe Island abattoirs twelve months ago owing to a malady which he developed. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was bedridden, aud that tboro was little chance of his recovery. He understood Jarvis was refused admission to Sydney Hospital, as his case had beeu pronounced incurable. Mr. M'Goweu was, therefore, like everyone else who knew the facts, astounded at the com plete recovery of Jarvis. These wonderful pills are obtainable from leading chemists, or from the Dr. Williams Medicine Co., Quoeu's Place Sydney, who will forward, post paid, on receipt of stamps or post order, oue box for '2s 9.1, or half-dozen for 15s 3d. See that the genuine Dr. Williams' are gotten. a 