A SLENDER CLUE; OR. THE MYSTERY OF MARDI-GRAS. _— ? l» ? 5- ? ; - ? A DETECTIVE BTORY, l)y LAWRENCE L. LYNCH (E. Murdoiili van Deventer), author olr'Shadowe'a'i-y Three,' 'Mom,' etc. ? ? ' ?.'.'?? ? -' fiHAPTKRLXT. When Mr.- Jermyn1 returns from his soli tary drive it is,, late, almost dinner-time; Mrs. Jermyn and Mr. ^Jeraynghani have re turned, the footman tells .him, and he goes straight to- his wife's dressing-room. She opens the door in answer to his knock-; she is dressed for dinner, and one of the rus set volumes is in her hand. ' .?' , 'Still studying!' he says. 'You must be careful of those volumes.' ...??? 'I am,' she replies coldly. 'I knew it was your knock.' ' : . He passes her, and goes toward the table, taking something from his pocket the while. 'I have iust'VeeeiverT this.' liV» 'sri'v« ~ hn\A mg it out to her. 'But it should have reach ed me three days ago. It's from Mrs. Jacob Baring.' ? , 'Oh!' There is annoyance, perhaps alarm, in the single syllable. 'Kenneth Baring was married, let's see, three, no, four days ago. They come at once . to New York.' 'Then they must be here now.' There is the light of a growing excitement in her eyes. 'Yes, probably. Read the letter at your leisure. Mrs. Baring revels in detail. We will talk matters over afi;ert dinner. I think I will loot them up to-mbribw, or shall we call together? Of course you will have to ask them to come here.' 'Oh, of course.' 'I don't think, however, that Mrs. Baring — Rene — will accept.' 'Why not?' 'Perhaps you will be so good as to remem ber'— that slow smile is overspreading his face — 'that you were a trifle jealous of Miss Brian; that your manner towards her, on our wedding day, was— for a lady — almost aggressive.' 'I am not likely to forget anything that you choose to have me remember,' she says curtly, and he goes out with the enigmatical smile still upon his lips. ''When he is gone Mrs. Jerinyn closes and locks the door of her boudoir, and going back to the little table upon which the ebony box Btiil stands, sits down beside it, and draws Mrs. Baring's letter from its envelope. This is what she reads: 'My Dear Ellen,— It is so long since I have received a letter from your own hand that I almost think I would not be penning this now, if the occasion did not make it a social necessity. Not that I do not appreciate sand enjoy Mr. Jermyn's letters— they are nioaels of penmanship and diction; but it seems to me that you must be getting well enough by now to favor your friends with your own autograpji- Do you know that it is fully six months since I have received a letter written by yourself, and yet Mr. Jerinyn writes that you are improving in health daily; that you are growing younger and handsomer, and dveeloped a charming vein of vivacity. 'But enough on this subject. I took up my pen to tell you about Kenneth Baring's niar riage. It has come to that. I felt sure it would, when Mr. Baring's sickness made it necessary to send fol- Kenneth; be talked about him every day and it really was a relief to me when Lotta came and told me that she knew where to write to him, and that, in fact, she had already written to him; she and Rene had talked the matter over, and had decided that they ought to write. She was saucy enough to add that I might tele graph for appearance sake, but that Rene, learning how Hi Mr. Baring was, had writ ten Kenneth that , he ougiitto come home, and that he would be sure to do as Rene ^thought right. Well, I did telegraph— 'for appearance sake' — and,' as you know, Ken neth came. 'I have written you of Lotta's engagement with young Brian, and -that they would be married as soon as be was sure of that position at Washington. Well, that has «been secured for him; and I must say he is a very worthy young man; one of the sort ] who is bound to 'get on.' Brian must be in Washington at a given time, and they be gan to hurry the wedding preparations, for, of course, he must take Lotta. And then, without consulting me, Mr. Baring concocts a plan, sees Rene— he had seen her often dur ing his illness — overcomes all her scruples, and telegraphs Kenneth that he is to come home and be married. ? When I heard of this, and remonstrated with him, he said: 'Stuff and nonsense, Mrs.. B — , I'm going to have my way this once, if I never do again. The 'girl can't stay here alone, and I don't wan't her to be compelled to follow her bro ther to Washington. She's a good girl, but she's as proud as you, and Charlie's made sacrifices for her already. Ken has shown himself deserving.; I'm proud of the fellow. I'm going to give him money to buy a snug little home in New Orleans and keep the wolf from tiie door, while he earns his prac tice. Don't argue; I've talked down Rene, ?and she's consented. ? Ken's coming home, and they'e going to be married.' ',. 'What' eould I do after that, but order a new gown for the wedding, and make the best of the inevitable? 'They will be married in church, both pair of them, and set out together on their tra vels. Lotta goes to Washington at once, and Kenneth and Rene will visit New York, among other places. I think it is to be New York first. They travel together to Chicago — it's one of the peculiarities of this region that no matter where one wishes to go. it must 'be by: the way of Chicago. I suppose you 'Fill see them when tjiey reach your city. ....,-; \ 'The Rooseveldt girls will return from Europe' some time this summer, and then I shall-have them here; airfLI shall hope to 5iave yotf too. It is so long^slnce I have seen ^ you. ? Write and say that you and your hus band will come to us for the summer, or a part of it, at least, and think of me as your ever attached friend,— Henrietta Baring.' When Mrs. Jermyn had perused this letter a second time, she puts it aside, ponders for a moment, and then going to her writing desk, she pencils, with much thought and j frequent pauses, a note to Stanhope. She tells him in this note that Kenneth Baring is coming to the city; that he will have to meet him, and that she will try to convey as. much information on the subject as she can in a second note, which she will write that evening, and put into his hand in, the morning— at Ahat time she can say no more. Stanhope receives this note as they ar-e passing in to dinner, and when dinner is over he. goes for a moment to his room, reads it with eagerness, and a new light, that sign- in. him of growing. excitement, in his eyes. He re-reads,-the note, and then sits looking at it fixedly; finally, he' jumps up, stows it away t in his pdcke^, and goes back to the drawing-room. He is in good spirits all that evening. He engages, iis pretended sister Jn cbnverBation,;and^she.too seems to catch ilie -contagion of ; his suppressed fexcitement; \- but nothing is said about Jthe Barings. Mrs. v.3ermyn, 'for reasons .©f . : her own, will not : take- Jhe Initiative, and Mr/ Jermyii seems to have '£orgot£eia the subject altogether. ? .''??? it nas 'grtfwii Tate, and Stanhope' lias bid den, them a^jgay good-niglit, and turned to ward the door, Tvhen Mr;-' Jerinyn says, in his soft, even/voice: ' ... ?''... , .. .-..-. . , 'Have you told your brother about the Barisbg'weadihg, Ellen?' Itvis the critical 'moment. He swings around witibt eyes'~wifle and 'interested. ? '??' '-? '.i '*£,,?.--,?'? . ' ? ' 'By Jove!' he cries ing«auously, 'if I Jiadn't almost forgotten the BaBngs. A wed-^ ding, did you say? Whyf whosef' ^ 'The young man's— young' /3Ba\ring.' It is the gentleman who answers, and as lie speaks, the Jady darts at Stanhope a' ''swit t glance of encouragements and!- ^gratification ?^.fBis;agBn^..^-'.;.',^#R^ ' '-f ' ^ ^''- '. ' : 'Kennethi'- he says eaf erlvv. 'he's jthe only youngvman'I remember^. Jolin Baring had tvro or Qiree ^girls. I d£n*f: remember much about them. Girls didn't strike me favorably in those- days. But Ken was a 'fine fellow. Is it his wedding?' . \ _ 'Yes, it's Kenneth's,' Mrs.: Jermyn now says, relieved that the ice is broken; *?he's married, and coming to New York with his bride. Are ? you getting ready to hear all about it, Carl?' for the young man has perched himself upon the arm of a chair and turned an eager face toward her; 'don't, I beg of you. I don't feel equal to it, and Percy is not a good gossip. Lets talk it over to- morrow.' '.'' : 'Just as you say.' He slides from his seat with a -whimsical, boyish gesture.. 'But I shall be glad to see Ken Baring again. When does he come?'' ? 'We don't know, but.it may be to-morrow. Good-night, CarL' In the morning the second note is slipped into his hand. It gives' him considerable in formation about the Barings, but it .is not the information that especially interests him. He does not destroy the note, nor has he destroyed its predecessor and herald. In stead, he sets out soon after breakfast, with the two notes in his pockett, going straight to the room occupied by Lewis Jones. He finds the amiable journalist at home, and .they remain for an hour closeted together, with numerous letters ijand notes spread out on the table before them! When, at last, Stanhope parts from Jones, at the foot of the -stairway that leads from his door into the street, the two notes an nouncing the coming of Kenneth Baring and his bride are left behind, safely tied up with other letters, and waiting his pleasure In the little reporter's writing-desk; while a key, the duplicate of the one carried by Jones, and which admits him to his room by day or night, reposes, instead of the two notes, in - Stanhope's pocket. CHAPTER LXIL The afternoon is one of the brightest in May, and Richard Stanhope, scrupulously dressed, handsome and animated, sits in a close cab that is drawn up at the entrance on the side of the street opposite the hotel where Kenneth Baring and his pretty bride have been registered since yesterday. He has been in that vicinity for nearly an hour, driving slowly up or down past . the great caravansary, sometimes darting around the block, now to the right, then to the left, al ways sitting far back in the cab, and always glancing as he passes toward a handsome carriage drawn up before the ladies' en trance. ' * It has beea there so long now, far beyond the limits of a fashionable call, that he knows it soon niust go, and so lie orders the driver to draw up on the opposite side of the way, putting his head out of the window from the waiting carriage in so doing; and now, as he sits silent, but not impatient, he sees the liveried driver rouse himself, and the footman spring nimbly down, 'and he knows that they are coming. Yes, there they are — a graceful, handsome, blonde man, and a fair-faced, dark-haired, lovely woman in the daintiest of tqilets. When they are in jhe carriage, and the driver has received his directions, and is reining his prancing horses out into the crowded street, the blonde man bends to ward the lovely woman, and says: '?Well, having seen Mrs. Baring, do you like her better than you did?' 'She is a lovely creature,' responds the lady; ''yes, I like her.' 'And yet,' suiiliug a slow, enigmatical smile, 'you did not urge yotir point as I ex pected, or hoped that you would.' 'What point?' ' 'That she, and her goodlooking husband, should come and abide under our roof.' ? 'I don't want 'them to come!' She speaks sharply, and turns 'her shoulder toward her companion. 'IieaJly!' Is there a suspicion of. cynicism in the smile still hovering about his mouth? 'I should think you would have urged the point for Jernyngham's sake. He would surely enjoy the society of his old friend. And he would admire his friend's wife, as a matter of course. He couldn't help it.' She does not answer, and she keeps her face averted, and so they drive home in utter silence. When they have left the carriage at their own door, he follows her silently' up the marble steps into the wide hall and across to the foot of the staircase. Here he lays a lightly detaining hand upon her arm. 'Mrs.jrermyn,' he says, and his calm voice is even lower and slower, and, she thinks, calmer than usual, 'don't let your interest in your newly-found brother become solicitude; it is not sisterly, aud not wise.' | A wave' of crimson oversweeps her face, she dashes aside his hand, gathers her silken skirts about her, and runs swiftly up the stairs. Meanwhile, Stanhope, seeing the carriage disappear, descends from the cab, dismisses it, and threads his way across the street to the entrance of the big hotel, and. heralded by a prompt servant, is soon standing in the little parlor occupied by Kenneth Baring and Rene. i They are both in the room, and Stanhope fancies, even while young Baring is greeting him with hands extended and glowing eyes, that both wear a look of suppressed excite ment: and he wonders, while bowing before Baring's young wife, if her eyes always flash and sparkle so; if her cheek wear us ually that roseate tint?, if she looks always so startled and -tremulous, and vividly sweet? . ? , 'You have given me a surprise,' he says, turning to Baring after the greetings and words of congratulation are uttered. ??' ' 'L heard from Cariies that you -were coming here — but never would have guessed how.'— And both young men glanced at Rene Bar- ? ing. the .one with admiration^ the other with pride. Baring laughs. . 'It was on my mind to tell you,' he says, 'but you were so pre-oceupied; and, in fact, there was no time. . After I made that last, j discovery, and made it known to you— there wasn't much chance for talking about my affairs. If I had tried to tell you while we were on our way home, I doubt if I cojald | have got more than half a hearing. If you ] remember, you were somewhat pre-oceupied —for you.' 'I believe that I was.' Stanhope smiles, and looks from one to' the other; he looks less pre-oceupied than his lios£ just now. 'Stanhope,' says Baring, with sudden gra vity, 'how did you come- up? Did you meet anyone? Did you see a»ghbst?': 'Is tnis house haunted? Do ghosts walk in daytime'?' ? * ... 'I begin to think-so. If you should tell me that the dead get out of their graves and go out calling— — ' . '?'? ;. . - -?';? l:' ' 'Accompanied by blonde gentlemen?' sug gested Stanhope. .;-.- - ;.:„...; '. , _ - 'What! then, you did ^e them?' .. 'If you mean the lady land her escort who just drove ?away' from fiUe:iiotel,:yes.' ; , 'And the r^emtjlance!- -Did you see that.'* ^ 'Distinctly.'' ' '-? '?'',;'? -;': ?;-?_ : *'? ' ';~:.- . :'??' * 'By, Jove! Excuse. The, Berie; sit down, Stanhope. I'm ia' bit excited; the fact is, -we were^BSt comparing, notes, ^x wife and I; we were both a lilt excited when you were announced.' .???. r Stanhope looks alert and interested, but he does not pursue the subject; instead, he ',-.-' ? . ?'? .??'?' .- ? ' ?;???.' -,-,;, :;.::-,-?:- ',:;: V.- ?'' -' '.-.,.? ' ? *?- .,: — -. -?? ? ? turns to' Mrs. Kenneth Baring, upon whose, face be lias detected ' a look, directed to ward her -husband: one. of those glances* which women so well know howto give, and which can- be made, to convey so much. :This.;lox-k, seems -to say, 'Please, don'tvsay any : more,' so he; ignoi;es the- ghost, antf the, resemblance;- and' Tjegins a light ? conversa tion aboutf New York, the season, their, jour ney,- the things jj» be seen, and the things not worth seeing'. 'He addresses himself to 'the lady, and her young husband, pleased to see them get on so -well, drops out of the con versation almost entirely; content to look alternately at the wife he loves and the friend whonr he prizes and admires with such whole neartedness. As they talk he smiles, glad to see that Rene is' quite cheery and at her .ease, and that 'Stanhope seems pleased and full,6f admiration for his pretty, clever little wife; and while the 'young hus band enjoys these reflections, Stanhope also has an undercurrent of -thought, .while he talks and listens to Rene. - ' ? '.'..? 'She is pretty,' that is his first conclusion, and then, as the conversation progresses, 'she has keen perceptions, she is quick witted, she is honest, she is courageous. One might depend npon her in an emergency.' Rene, too, has her impressions of her guest clearly outlined, and they are summed up in this mental' comment: 'He is handsome; Ken didn't exaggerate; I like him.' When they are all quite at their ease, Stan hope turns again to Baring, and brings him back to the subject of the ghost. ' 'So. you really saw that remarkable re resemblance, Baring?' he says, with a smile. 'Saw it! I should think so!' ' .? ? . 'Does Mrs. Baring understand our allu sions?' He looks over at Rene, and .his smile seems to say, ?'! should not object v if sbedid.'' .'.. ' '' -'V.. ''::.:'.' . -\ .,..'? .^ 'In part,' replies. Baring. .. 'I told' Rene' something of .my detective experience; as much, in fact, 'as I had any right to telL . I had to brag a little— about my essay .as a detective.' ' L Stanhope smiles again, and looks again at Rene. 'I assure you that it was not a bad beginning, Mrs. Baring. I shouldn't mind trying him again, with your permisison.' 'It was a horrible thiug,' she says gravely. Then: 'Do you think a married man makes a' good detective, Mr. Stanhope?.- I should make him tell me all about it.' ' 'Well, if I don't object to that, will you lend him to me?' 'I don't know,' her face becoming mis chievous. 'I don't think that Kenneth has given me more than half-confidence. He did not go into details; in fact, Mr. Stanhope, I got a better idea of you ; than I did of this strange murder.' ? 'Oh— ha!' says Baring triumphantly, 'but^ you can't say, madam, that you were not* more interested in him than in the rest of the subject!' 'Well,' with a little laugh, 'Mr. Stanhope was a more cheerful subject for contempla tion and more clearly defined. You let me get my ideas- of tlie murder chiefly from the newspaper clippings, but you told- me of Mr. Stanhope and his achievments, and you were very graphic — enthusiastic, in fact;' then, turning to survey Stanhope with re newed interest — 'and you took that poor girl's body home, Mr. Stanhope, and saw it buried; you saw her friends, and had to tell them the dreadful story. What an ordeal for them— and for you!' (To be continued.) 