Ä Wight at Twelve Mile Hut | J Tlie GJaost in thc Forest. j Silenter ! At last t And yeo bet I thankful. My horse,Bed Warrigal, didn't coma shore of time on thai «core. No wonc Tour boorj since leaving- tho Wa Walgra township, and ve had been knocl -about in the wet bash «ll that tia e. it wasn't pretending to raia that nigh «aa tell jon t Well, beru waa shelter of some eori least, at the end. My ejes were i «noogh to eight that, even in the s( «larknesu and destitd tho drenching r and I turned my horst's ht ad down iollow and went for it stem on, stem light, through the fern brake and bet« tho spectre-like trunks of the bine gu Xor tbe low, tnrable down, minons eht that tuovrcd near the bottom of the holt It wasn't over-inviting after all, thought, as I sat on hor-cback at the d craning ray neck in the endeavour to el oneida. Mear the very bottom of hollow, aa I've said, »nd in consequence ^washing of that whole night of rain seer -to be collected round it, filtering, a a trickle, through the tangle of fern t brush-wood ontaide nntU it reached i »welled the foul pool of black quak mud that formed the lowest part of basin. I knew the place now. I had- come act it in broad daylight often enough, wi Shunting up stray cattle in tita bash ; í even with tho light of day on the bi ioof,..brokeri window, and the rotting pa that formt d its dor war, it had scant ^mpreseed mo fu.vou-ab!y. I was just going ta toy that it WBB I «ort of ptaoo one would bo inclined to et ,i>lear cf, let the tun stine on it sever brightly ; only La Doini of fact, ono wall likely to bo ever m a position to judge ..*fc»t, aluce no ray of enulight ever manaf -topenetrate to the bottom ofthat glooi Jiollow, However, the place meant shell ior both hores and man, and with the ra to all appearance bent on going one bott ° than tho delugo that night, I should ka been a fool to fight shy of it. So I BWUI myself ont of the saddle, and started to le the chestnut through the low doorway, ta into the daik soâdin atmosphère ot the hi It was a nearer thing than I had thougl though lor tbe horse, although he was nev mahirker, hung book, now, as if fearing trust himself between the moulder!] door posts, and I bad a job to get hi inside. But I managt d it at labt ; ai .bitching the bridle to the broken windo llegan co C3Bt about for the means of gettii . « light on the subject. That didn't take long. I had match Sn my pocket, and the " Wanga Won; Settler " in the crown of my cabbage-tn Jot ; and although the latter wou -unquestionably be a blt damp, and tl larmer might be so, «tili, those were trifle sud in about a brace of seconds I hi twisted tbe inner sheet of the newspapi into a torch, and was waving and fiiokerli St above and round my head, in tl «çdeavour to find ont what kind of place Iud landed in. There WBB little enough to see. The win lad stored a heap of dry dead leaves an lucken twigs in one coiner, and, barrin those, the interior of the four walls wi about as bare ns my hand. But the fig] of the broken branches was enough for me and in lesa than a minuto I had a jolly litt! fixe snapping and ' craokiog on the bar -earth floor in the middle of : the hui Things looked a bit more cheery after thal and presently, as my eyes get accustomed t the light, I oould make out the shadow flowering in the cornera, and then th outline of Bed Warrigal over where I hai left him by the window. I crossed to hin Tabbed him down a . bit, for hs wa .streaming with water, trembling all over too, in a queer unwonted fashion ; and thei it struck me that I had left him in rather i lad place, for the wind, on that side eeemei to be driving the rain straight in on him Seeing that, I tried to shift him, bat th< tuite had turned obstinate somehow, layinj lack his oars and refusing to budge a step Cet him across to the other Bide of tho hu 1 oould not, BO I gave him the bite of cori where he stood, and left him, I had not much with mo in the eating lino, but what little thore was came on presently; and by the time I had. go through with my meal and had my pipi alight, I began to think, as I listened to tin -dismal downpour of the rain outside that takiag one thing with another, I was ir look's way rather than not that night. Foi it would not have been the pleasanteel experience in tho world to have gone blundering about in that wet scrub unti daylight ; and new obum as I was, I didn't Jmow.my bearings from Wanga Wanga wei] enough yet to have made a bee-line for mj own diggings in tho dark. Bo I lay there, stretohed ont before thc fire smoking and meditating, watohing thc quaint shadows flickering up the walls and the lißht dancing from corner to corner like a will-o'-tho-wisp, until the natural con- sequence followed. I was young, healthy, and hearty ; warm, and no longer hungry ; the heat of the Aro had thoroughly dried ny clothes ; tho very ¿sound of the stead; downpour ontside noted soothingly on my \- «enees, and before many minutes had passed I was lying there on tho earthen floor dead asleep. \ ' I don't know how long I had slept, bs ' cause before dropping off I had taken no note ol' tho time. Tho Ste was still glowing in front of me, and .the suddenly leaping ' flamea woro Bendingva queer red sparkle from timó to timo against the bare walls of the hut when I awoke. Bnt it was not the -fire that had roused me, I must have been dreaming, surely, ay, dreaming hor- ribly too, for an coho ont of my dream waa Tinging in my eura yet, the eoho ot an awful despairing yell. A shriek like tho wail of a lost soul, as . «rae might imagine it, and the fearful note of agony seemed to ho sounding near me «till, as, waking under the stress of the trembling horror reenlting from an intensely vivid dream, I rubbed my eyes as I eat up, staring round me. A dream, assuredly I Because I waa all . alone there, exoept for .the horse, and no living oieature oapable bf emitting so un- earthly a yali as that WBB within a'dozon miles of ruc. I looked across the hut, in ?OXB flickering, uncertain light, nnabio for the life of me to account for a creeping -sense of shuddering horror that had come to me. Then in a single moment that horror took shape. For I got the consciousness, how I know not, that I was no longer alone. Hot alone 1 That is the only way in -which I can definí the feeling whioh came to me then. The consciousness that, while \- ny bodily eyes saw nothing, yet, chat within those four walls, some presence, invisible, immaterial, ñámeles?, was thore with me, Jfothing more definite. That was all, and Tat the knowledge was tuon as to make me shiver and tremble with a mortal fear. I'm no coward, I trust-at least, T WOB xever reokonod one, and a man's mates are, as a rule, fairly good judges ot his plnok, 1'vo beon through some tough work in my time, too ; known what it was to gallop at top spocd through a lino of hostile blaok. . fellows, dodging tho spears that carno about ny cars Uko bull aa I rode ; been at oloi<o quit tem moro timos than I could cay with a " boomor," old man kangaroo, haowing all the time that a kick from him, once let him .Ret it in, wonld mrnn-well, something akin to - the japanese nappy Dispatch ; I have boen bailed np by bushrangers a dozon times at least, and whon I was ia the New Bouth Wales Folioo I got nabbed by the O'Leary B*ng, and had tho pleasure of waiting, my arms lashed behind my book, whilo the scoundrels deliberated in my hearing ns to which woy of puttiDg mo to death would bo beat calculated to rile my comrades tho moat -when they should And my body-and I can't .honestly say that I over remember feeling downright afraid all through. No credit to no for that, though, because only ono pas- sion can havo thc upper hand with a man nt any one time, I take it, and if a fellow's all . on fire with oxoitotucntor literally mad with TURO, why. it BtaudB to roajon that ho limply can't bflîafraid. So, as I aay, I wai fairly well seasoned and hard bitten ; yet, if I hiid .uti r known in my lifo buforc what fear meant, I anew it then, aa I stood there, appalled by the Terror of the Unknown. Why ? What was I afraid of ? Well, if I aould have answered that, I soaroely think there would have been need for the question. I only know that the sound of a human voice, the .touch nf a living hand, would have been to me then the most welotme of, any sound or touoh on earth ; and, failing" all othor, I tnrned, under the stress of that awful, instinctive terror, towards the living, breathing horsB btsido me. I wonld have crosped to him, but I could not, because, as I live, I felt that something waa there between us! Something that I could neither see, hear, nor touoh. And yet I knew it to be there. I knew it, and a glance at lied Warrigal Bhowed that he, toa, was aware of its prés- ence, : Ilia terror waa pitiable to eee, and in view of it I almost forgot tho shuddering horror that had seized upon me. His nos- trils distended, hia eyoa starting, every hair of bis glosay ooat erect, he hung back at the end of his bridle, snorting wildly, and shrinking and baaking to tho host af his power against the wall of the hut. Then, my eyes following in aearoh of the object on whioh those of the dumb brute were fixed, I found for the first time my glance drawn to an cblong, somewhat raised paton, on tho [floor of the hut, and saw, as I bad never noticed till then, how ourious a resemblance it bore to a grave ! Perhaps that aceountcd for my reluctance to step over it, aa, recovering my nerve a moment later, I skirted the wall to the right, got to the hores, led him out into the darkness, and, drawing a long breath as I crossed tho threshold, swore to myself that nothing on earth should induce me to return lo that accursed spot. It waa always difficult to get anything ont of ray chum after a week's spree at Wanga Wanga. But I new my man, knew how to work the oraolo with ie-peet to him, too ; and, after tellingmy story,I eucoeeded - in prevailing on him, after his own fashion, to tell me his. Then I learned how, in the early days of the . colony, t ha hut-Twelve Mile Hut; it was oallod-ht d been tenanted for years by a solitary equal ter, who, BB was afterwards ascertained, turi ed out to be an Cf caped conviot. For months he had lived there, alone and unnoticed, until one night a shepherd on his way from one of the up- country stations had halted at the lonely hut to at-k the owner's hospitality for the night. There all trace of him had ended. He had nevor after that bten eeen alive. "And that tpot, young 'un, in the middle of tho hut, that you couldn't get tho horse to orosa, and where not a weed or blade of grass over grows, that's a grave I That's where the scoundrel buried his victim, after robbing and murdering him-buried him . in quick-lime, they say. Justice works slowly out here, yon know ; and the fellow lived on unsuspected long enough, until the shepherd was missed at last, and inquiries set on foot. But, whenever he could, ho was alwoys trying to get a chap to spend tho night with bim. Did it myself onoe, and I'd not repeat the experiment for a thousand pounds. .Why ? Ever upend the night with, a madman, yt ung 'un? No? Then I wouldn't advise you to try whnt it's like, that'« all. Well, juatioa began to stir at lott, the shepherd was traced to the hut, and, dually, during tho owner's absence, the pollen made a raid and searched the piece." " Dug up tbe grave, you mean ?" atked I. Tom nodded. " And found just what you might bave expected; nothing more. No, they didn't bring the blackguard to justice, more's tho pity. Couldn't stand it any longer, I take it,-for he drowned himself in the hollow below. But that didn't serve his turn, if it was pence he wanted. For he can't rest, wherever he is ; and the etory goes that he comes night after night to look for the bonos of hU victim, to try to bury them ont of sight, and when he finds his search useless the yell he sende out would make yonr blood mn cold to hear it. Don't look at me like that. I'm not vouching for tho truth, mind, telling you the thing SB it WBB told to me, that's all. You spent the night there yourself, so you ought to know better than I BB to that, you and the horse. 3hese dumb brutes see moro than we oan, I rako it. Anyhow, that's the story of Twelve Mile Hut. Told yon all I know, young 'un " I wasn't muoh his junior, but that mode of address WBB Tom's way-" and whether it has any hearing on your own experience there, is for you to say, not for me. But yon could safely bet your bottom dollar on tho chance of any fellow round hera spending the night in Twelve Mile Hut alone. Good rcaeonwhy. There's not one of the lot; ? would do it, That's all. THU Botin iii SCOTTIBH WHISKY.-At the picBcnt moment there are 1G8 distilleries at work in Scotland, many of whioh ate scar- cely able to keep pace with the orders of their cuBtomerB. Two years ago the number wan 132, and tho-o manufactured 22] mil- lions of gallons of Bpirits in the twelve months. Jjaft year the output of the whole of the Scottish-distilleries was 28} millions of gallons, or closo on 30 per cent, increase ;. while in England tho increase, was 10 per- cent , and in Ireland 13 per cent. Not only is the number of Highland distilleries rapidly increasing, but tho money in many caaes ÍB being supplied by epirit dealers and blenders in a large way of bueineBs. AM ABBVBD EDISON- STORY.-It hna been reported that Mr, Edison had accidentally dhcovercd a now metal, whioh gave cast-iron extraordinary strength and toughness.. According to tho story. Mr. Edison olaimed that his discovery would revolutionise tbe iron buBincas, and do away with the neces- sity of making mallcablo iron. " Thero are some newspapers," said Mr. Edison, " that can't get nnything straight. This (tory is absurd. I never said anything like this, and what is more, I don't intend to. The only thing is that in turning out pigiron at the Edison mines a few weeks ago we dis- covered that a few thousand tons poesespcd ! unusual strength. I had lt analysed to find ' out what caused thia strength. I found out. ' I.havant -told anybody the -causo, I don't 1 intend to." 