GRANT'S WIFE. And when yonr ldVn Has conquered pride — A man wan shifting to tho accompaniment of the concertina. The notes wore long drawn nud tilled with a certain ruugh pulhos. His com pauionn listened in approving silence until !!'- song came to an end. ' Music's a cheering thing in a man s lile, remarked an old, thin, wnnthi.T - bcatai shepherd, the owner of the New Zealand lint wherin the four men were seated beforu a largo rrood fire. Jackson's whnre was tho only habitation for miles nroond. It wos situated upon :i lonely road,.atid nns the general refuse for all belated shepherds, stoclinnm.and rabbihsrs belonging to tho ' run.' A loug, narrow room scantily furnished, with bunks built into ttiu walls, a table and a few odd stools and chair.', all of which at. present were drawn up to tin: fireplace. The men wens smoking ; tin; atmosphere was dense; there wnsageueral odour of tobacco, mackintosh, leather, alno net sheep dog, for there noro several of these aninvils lying down or creeping about, and the musical programme was occasionally varied by a dismal howl from one or other of them which had rashly ventured ink) the charmed circle round the blazius: logs, nud got in the way of somebody's great bootu. A heap of damp saddles we-i thrown into a corner, whips, straps, and spurs lny about ou table ami floor. There wns no light save that of the lin:, which sl.ed a nickering crimson glow into the room, lending a enrtain piKture.-qui; charm to the common-plane interior, and Foftei: iug tha rough faces of the men. ' Sing again, Willie,' oaid the host, and the musician, a thick-set, pleasant looking young man, complied, and gave them ' T'au Ship that Never Returned,' ' Rod: Me to Sleep Mother,' ' Annie Koouey,' and would probably have favoured the company with hiilf-.'i-dozen more, not being in ttie least bnshful, but that his next neighbour a man whofo distinctive characteris tics were a pair of long legi;, a pronounced scottI, and n huge moustache, suggested that I hey had had enough of him ; so he meekly deposited his instrument bt-neath his chair, and the party laps-ed into silence, broken only by the cheerfnl cracklings of the burning wood mid tho sound of the rain on the roof. The old man took his pipe out of his mouth and made a long shot at a glowiug ember. ' She's a bad 'uu,' he said, slowly. ' I don't like her eye.' The remark was apropos of nothing, and nc body asked any questions. 11 She's a d ? d bad Jun,' he continued in ii n argumentative tone; but still his companions puffed away gravely and made no answer. ' She's tricky, that's what she is,' he went on, after a pause, ' and my opinion ia that the boss has got a handful.' It was not u horse ho was speaking of, but a woman, as a remark from the moustached man betrayed . ' You've only seen her riding, with a h»t and a veil on,' hi; said Riullly. ' What thu ? do you know about htr eye ? ' The old man squared himself up, ready for Lhu fray. ' I haven't lived fifly-five years in this world for nothing,' he said. ' 1 observed just now that music's a cheery thirg in a man's life ; so's a woman, when she's a good one. When she's not, his life is ? ' ' Old Dick is rather amusing on social ques tions,' drawled the fourth man, who had not spoken before— a quiet fellow, looking rather like a broken down-gentleman. ' Who is the lady in question ?' ?' Mrs. Grant.' said Moustachio. The quiet man whistled. ' His wife,' he saiu slowly. ' I say, Jackson, you'd better be careful what you're saying.' ' She'd better be careful what she's doing,1' answered Jackson, angry at the rebuke, for he was generally considered somethiug of an oracle. ?' When a young woman with an elderly husband spends half her time riding about with a fellow like Spencer — ' 'Spencer ?' ' Yes, that idlo, loafing cad of a remittance man.' ' I know. I don't admire her taste.' ' You'll never fathom a woman,' continued the old man, recovering hin tone of wonted im portance, and staring gravely into the fire 'Everyone else considers thetellow a cad, there- fore she's buund to be shook on him. He's as handsome as the devil, dresses well, and he rides Grant's horses as if they were his own and he had about fourteen more ont in tho pad dock.' The man with the moustache paused in his occupation of stirring up the tobacco in his pipe with his penknife, and turned to his host. 'You know a fat lot, Jackson,' he said, 'but I think you are wrong this trip. She seems a uico young woman. I have seen her once or twice pretty close.' ' What is she like to look at ?' asked the quiet man. ' Oh, small and dark,' said Jackson, ' with a lot of black hair that'3 always tumbling down when she's riding, and that's one up agin her. A nice womau keeps her hair neat.' The other man laughed. 'You're a rum old card.' he said, ' but I think I'd keep my mouth shut ou this subject it I were yon. Whether you are right or wrong it's a dangerous business to meddle with.' Then one of them started talking ' sheep,' and everything else in Heaven and upon earth faded into utter insignificance. Rams, hoggets, ewes, lambs, Merino, South Down, Lincoln, it went on, an endless and all-absorbing topic. Pipes were filled again and again. The fire gut low, they talked almost in the dark. Suddenly the sleeping dogs started up with sharp littlo barks, more barking was going on outside, and presently the sound of approaching horses became audible. Jackson got up and threw more wood upon the fire, a shower of sparks fie'.v up the chimney, then he ivulked over and opened tho door. The quiet man went ou smoking. Willie rose and put his con certina into his bunk as if he feared the coming visitors might wish to steal it. It was a stormy night. The wind blew the rain iu at the door ; the old man was calling out to someone. .' There's two of 'em,' he said, looking back iuto the hut ; ' a mau and a boy.' He went outside ; the visitors came nearer. ' Put your horses into the shed and give 'em a feed,' he shouted. There was moro conversation and the flicker iug of it lantern, and iu a short time Jackson, returned to the wharo. His grey hair was;all blown about ; he had a queer expression iu his eyes. ' They've lost their way,' he said, ' thuy are only going to stay a short time to rest the horses and the boy.' ' Who are they ?' asked Moustaohio. Jiickson did not answer, but looked at the quiet man, whose face was blank and uncon cerned The logs had blnzed up ; the hut was ?light ii nd cheerful-looking. A. man entered ; tall, fuir, Mid extremely handsome. He wus followed by a lad in a great coat and a knitted Tani-o'-Sh.iuter. ' Sorry to disturb you. my friendu,' he said, in a deep, clear voice. ' In the darkness and the benstly bad roads we lost our way. The hoises arc knocked up, and want a bit of a npell. We have u long way to go to F ? .' ' Hixtion miles,' said the quiet mun. Jackson was busy bunging the billy over the firo. ' I'll give you some hot tea,' he said to tho boy, ' come near the fire.' ' Oh, he's not cold,' cried the handsome | man. hurriedly. ' Give him a rug null let him lie down. Wo came through a honfitly bush track. Ho is tired.' Miistachin throw him ft large striped rug. He, rolled tho boy up in it, nnd ho lay down in a cnrn&r;, ' It's d ? bad lack !' continued the stranger, coming forward. ' Who is l,he boy ?' asked Willie. ' Oh, a nipper from town. I'm taking him bi»clc to his ma.' ' He's n Hood-lookiug lad,' said the quiet ninn. ' Ye.3.' Jackson made the, tBa. He handed some in a pannikin to tho visitor, then dipped out sonio more, aud wns going ovor to where the boy lay, but the other man put his own down on the table. ' I'll take it to him,' he said. The quiet man looked at Jackson and rai?ed his eyebrows a hnir'u breadth. Vku stranger cnino bad: to the fire, and sat looking into it with a moody expression upon his face. Sudd, nly he threw back hishe:id and laughed — a laugh that made tile dogs start up and growl. ' What's the matter ?' said Jackson. 'Nothing,' he answered, ' I always laugh when I am in a bud tompcr.' ' And cry when your hnppy, I suppose !' drawled the quiet man. ' Yes, ' he said, ' but I haven't cried yet ' He drank his tea and lit his pipe. They all lit fresh pipes ; the group round the fire 7vhs increased by onr. ; conversation became general. They eventually nturned to thoir muttais. I'he boy slumbered in hi.i corner ; the dog* remained quiet. Soon Willie crept away and gut his concertina ami brgan playing softly to himself. It seemed to sooth the company— Ibcir voices sank tu n murmur, the nun still pattered ou the roof, and thus an hour passed away. Willie ceased playing, loft the fire, and tumbled into his bulk. Moustachio stood up and yawned. .lackson wao gazing iuto the embers and nodding slightly. After a-time the stranger stood up. '1 think we'll go on,' he said, and walked over to tho boy. l''or n moment or two he bent over him, then raised him to his feet. ' Are. you rcsled, young follow ? ' asked the quiet man, coming forward. ' Yes, thank, you,' answered the- lad in a low voicn. He seemed rather sleepy and dazed. Between his coat collnr and his hat thero was nothing to bo seen but two large dark eyes. He kept his bands in his pockets and shivered slightly. The man turned round to Jiickson. ' Thanks very much for your hospitality,'' lm said. ' If you will bring your lantern I think 1 will qo and got the horses now.' Presently he heard the horses go off. In a few minato Jackson and the quiet man returned to the hut. 'I must have another pipe after that,' ob .'crved tho latter, and proceeded to OH it. Juckson's mouth was twitching. Something seemed to amuse him. ' AVhat's up ? ' asked Moustachio. The quiet man looked at the old one, who re sponded to the loek with just tho ghost of a wink. ' Now we'll turn in,' he said ; bnt just then the dogs began to bark again. 'They are coming back,' Raid the monstached man. ' It's from the other direction, one person riding,' said the quiet man. Jackson was listening. 'It's tho boss,' ho cried, ' on tho grey,'' and rose hurriedly, went out of the door, ami closed it after him. After a few minutes a horseman stopped suddenly outside, and a quick, authoritative voice called out to Jackson. A short discussion followed, and a loud oath. The old man carat back. A broari grin was upon his weather beaten countenance. He shut the door, and walked up to the fireplace. ' He'll catch them up,' he cried, rubbing his bauds. The quiet man nodded. Ho looked rather grave. - ' ? ' Poor little thing ! ' he Baid. ' Snakes ! ' cried Moustachio. Willie lifted his head out of the bnnk. ' Who is the man ? 'he asked. ' Spencer,' replied tho quiet man. ' Then the boy,'' said Moustachio, witli bulging eyeballs. ' 1 know a fat lot, don't t ? ' chuckled Jack son. ' I'm wrong thia trip, eh ? . The boy, my young friend, is the boss's wife '.' 