PEARL'S CHRISTMAS RIDE. Uy 'QUKKNIE." Mrs Clifton Talbot was giving a little dinner Iti honor of her (laughter's birth day. A dozen guests rait nroimd her welt- uppoisitcd lalue. with its dimming (lcco- rathms of wiilie clirysanthctmiius and 1'eaihciy maiden-hair, and a deal of lively ciiaibT was going on, mingled wilh soi'i ripples of laitglucr, so thai the liu.-tc s.s was aide lo ssmip- IumscII' com- plan.ully thai :die had pa I ml I ho right pioplo lovihci. and that her party was gain;; to he a success. aJR> Mniii i;iii'!on-Tall»oi, aUluuigh the I'tci ii oi lh,' day. was certainly not Mm cciiii" of atiraciion at lu-r laotbcr's table. As that lady had not expected tlml she would he, she was not dis.tpj»olntrd. Huh! was j)r«.ity ami winning, of course, but how i ould she shine lit the presence of Pearl Muninvr, her cousin, Uiu brilliant .voting beauty who had turned the heads of ;i scare or two of men during the pre- Aliss Siuum-r bad been taken down lo diiutcr by Sir llugh lloyil, a Jovial young sporting baronet, who owned an estate not tunny tulles away from Clifton Court, On her oilier side she laid the rising artist, Mr Maurice Holland, whb.se clever bluek-iuul-whlte work had biuitgol him into prominence during the past two years. Mrs Cllflott-TallKJfs only son, Hustace, was wont lo sneer ut young Holland, anil to declare tlml he was of lowly origin: but, when Pearl hud challenged Itlm lo verify Ids Htuteincut upon one occasinii. he had been cum- I». l!aJ to adtull Ids inability to do so. All he could say was that Mr Hollund wuk tievru known to talk about bis people, and that certain "fellows" said lie bud been educated by charity. "Oh. If you p. by elub-room scnndul." 'declared Miss IVarl, with a scornful lilt , of Iter dcHciously-dimplcd chin. "But 1 «h» nol, remcudjer. Therefore, It Is of no use to repeat such things to me, un less you have more detinito grounds to go upon." Ami she had been cool lo lilm for a week al'lerwtirds. This had happened in tin? summer, and lOttstaee had left Hie i.'otirl lit September, In order to pay u round of visits. It now wanted but. a t'esv days to Christmas, mill he had Just, returned, having seen no one half so pretty as his cousin Pearl during his ab sence. and having derided In Ids own mlml that she and no other should lie the mistress of Clifton Court in the future. Miss Sumner was ns yet quite uncon scious of her cousin's ItUetilions. Now and then she gave him a friendly smile neross the table that sent the blood rush ing through his veius. He felt that he loved her far more passionately than he had done three months before. And surely she bad grown lovelier during Ids. absence. To-night she wore a simple while gown, with short, puffed sleeves, and folds of while silk about her slim waist. In vvbleh she looked almost a child In spite of her nineteen years. Her tnllk- whlte neck uml anus were bare, mid the unrelieved white of her gown seemed lo accent tutu the vivid ro«e-red tints of her Hps and cheeks, the deep hhie of her eyes. I he bronze bin? of her rippling hnlr. Young Holland seemed greatly lo admire her, too, and he certainly pild more at tention lo her than to tin? lady who hud fallen in his tot: but then, Mrs Vorekcr was not uu exacting person, uml thought more of her dinner than of desultory con versation. Pearl began lo speak of Christmas when (lie dinner was dmwlug lo a close. She and her aunt and cousins were to spend It wilh her guardian, old General Sumner, her father's elder brother, who lived In a rambling old house in Kent, about thirty miles front the Court. "I like going to Lymlhurst," she? snld. "Uncle Dirk Is very Indulgent, mid has old-fashioned notions about Christinas. He keeps up the cuslnm of telling ghost stories on Christinas live, and lie Insists oti having stiai>-dnigoii and games, early dinner on Christmas Day. and a danen for the servants In llie evening. I danced with the footman Inst year, and it was such fun! 1 am glad that you are going this time. Mr Holland. I know you will enjoy ll all." ' Kiudaee bit his Hp angrily beneath his moustache. How had "lluit fellow" managed lo secure an invitation to Hytul- htirsl? he wondered. He hud expected to have Pearl nil to himself, and now But lie was not really afraid of Hol land: he hud a spoke to put In the wheel of llinl presuming young nrllst. Kor a few moments he sat regarding the great howl of ttowcrs in front of him, and then he roused himself, and, heading forward, addressed Ids cousin: "Pearl, how would you like to go down lo Uymlhurst on your bicycle?" he asked. The soft plulc Hush deepened on the girl's cheeks; hoi eyes beamed. "Eustace! It would be ehnnnlugl "Why did 1 not tliluk of It? And this frost has made the roads delightfully ilrui. Will you take me?" "Willi great pleasure, Utile cousin," hu returned, smiling, "it will be a nice spin for lis. HitlU, 1 know, will prefer lo gu 'by mil' with mother." "Then Mini is settled, " snld Pearl, gleefully. "Thank you so much, Eus- Sliis gave hint a soft, grateful gluueo across the table from herswooi blue eyes, and nfler Hint be could bear to see her turn again to Holland. Eveu when, later lit Lho evening, the pair wandered ulT to I la? conservatory, Eustace merely shrugged Ids shoulders, mid made no at tempt to follow them. Holland wus not, he argued within himself, on such fami liar terms with Pearl that he would be at ail Mkeiv to propose to her to- night. And when Pearl knew the truth concerning hint, us she soon would know Meanwhile, Maurice ami Pearl walked Iwlwcen lite rows of (lowering plants, a soft, subdued light falling on their faces from n number small lamps shaped like ruses mid half- upctted Jllies. Pearl's hand resletl lightly mi her companion's arm ; her large, soft o.ves looked wistfully up lulu his face. All her pretty, coquettish airs were put aside In litis man's presences for Pearl lunl'glvcn her heart to the voung artist months hel'ore, and, nllhougli she believed Hint she had so- rtirid Ills In exchange, he had never told her so. That ho loved her she fell con vinced. Why, then, did ho withhold the words that had inure than once seemed to tremble mi bis lips, aud Hint would have set her troubled doubts to rest? "Perhaps he Is silent because of my horrible money." she thought, some times. "lie Is not rich yet, 1 know: hut he Is so clever that he Is mure than my oniiaJ. And yet I cannot tell him so." Young Ilolland'q manner was ml her more coast rained than usual on this De cember evening, and Pearl's heart beat heavily beneath her pretty white bodice. "Shall you he ut Uyndluirsl when we arrive then on the lElrdV" she asked, presently, a lliey paused lo ndtulte a parilcularly line chrysanthemum. ''I shall not he there utull after Christmas hay." he replied. General Sumner understands thai. 1 thought you might be aware of it. I am due at l.yndliurst on the 2Ulh. 1—1 always spend Christmas with my own people." Pearl looked up eagerly. This was the first time that she had heard him allude to his "people." "Do t boy— shall you he in town then';" she Inquired. "No. They— my parents I mean— live in the country." He said nothing further, and Pearl felt that his tone did nut Invite ques tions. He might have been a little mora coiiihlcntiul, she thought, and not have l rent i.'d her aJtnosl. as a strnuger. Tim tears rose to her eyes, and she heed lessly plucked the tinest bloom from the plant, and scattered its feathery white (XdJilH over the lloor. "Oti, you mischievous little lady!" ex claimed Maurice, In it bantering tone; and then she noticed what she htul done, and tried to laugh. "We had better go hack to the draw- Ingrooiu," JhIio said. "I am always get ting Into disgrace with Tumkiux for de stroying his plants, lb? comes grumb ling to aunt ie, with smili a long face." And ho Hie little interview frotn which Pearl hud hoped so much was over, aud it had brought only disapK>iutmenl. She wished that she hud tmt suggested that <he should he Invited to Enid's birth day dinner. Sla- no longer looked for ward to Christinas with Joyous antici pation. The fun would lake place he- fore Maurice's arrival, and she would lie obliged to take part In It and to pre tend to he huppy. whilst all the lime her heart would ache with that strange dull pain that had of late marred all her brightest moments. Maurice left the Court shortly after eleven. In order to catch the midnight train to town. He did not say good bye to Pearl, who, at the moment of his departure, was seated ut the piano, with half-a-dozen men clustered around her. to whom she was giving u spirited Imitation of a popular music-hall ar tiste lu one of her latest songs. The lamplight fell upon her waving bronze hair, her saucy nptunii'd face and sparkling eyes, as Maurice turned in tlte doorway for one last glimpse of her. Was she n thorough coquette? he wondered, and could she have been playing a part an hour ago, when her wistful, clouded eyes had sought his, her little hand trembled on his arm? "1 will put my fate to the touch— after Christmas," he thought, as he nui down stairs. Pearl seemed in very good spirits dur ing the next two days. She was gra cious to her cousin Eustace, and raised his hopes considerably by her pretty utTeelionatc muuncr. The pair wont out skating uml cycling together during the daytime, and sang duets In tin? draw- In groom lifter dinner. Mrs Clifton-Tab I h>i was delighted with the aspect of af fairs. Sin? Inul long coveted the young heiress for her daughter-in-law. and she really wished to see Pearl married, so that Enid might have her chance. For quiet little Enid was always overlooked la the presence of her brilliant cousin. On the morning of tin? 2.'lrd the frost still continued. There was u good deal to be done before lunch In the way of packing, hut the family assembled lu tin dining-room at one o'clock, which was an hour liefore Uie usual time. Pearl was arrayed lu her neat fawn cloth , skirt ami mat, with smart little gaiters to match. In readiness for Iter Journey, "We must start, in an hour's time, Pearl," observed her cousin, as be carv ed some delicate slices of turkey for her. "Make u good lunch. We shall be there as soon as mother and Etild, 1 daresay. If we only do ten miles an hour, we ran reach there tit 5 o'clock." "Tompkins rays we shall have .a change in the weather," put lu Enid. "The wind has veered round, und lie predicts snow liefore long." Tompkins is generally right in his predictions, but the snow will not come before we reach Uyndhurst. We are not going to be frightened out of our ride— eh, l'carl?" said Eustace, laugh ing. " Certainly not. Oh 1 uot all that tongue, nuutle, please! I can uever cat ft.' "1 thought you were io make it good lunch," said Auutlc," with mock sever ity. "Ah, mother, wait until after our ride. .Pearl will lutvu found her appe tite then; ami as for myself— well, if you get there tirst, you can warn them to have special relays of tea and hot cakes In readiness for us." Wlteu the pair were ready to start Mrs Cllfton-Talhol and Knhl went to thu hall door 1o see them oil', and wultcd until a bcmT iu the itveuue hid theiu from view. . "How graceful Pearl looks on iter ma chine!" remarked Euhl, us she closed the door. "And what spirits they both are in! Do you know, Eulc, 1 shall not be sur prised If when we see Pearl again she is an engaged young lady." "1 .shall," muttered Miss Enid, but the words were spoken under iter brcuth. Mrs.Cllfton-'l'tilhot did not like to be con tradicted; and her daughter seldom at tempted to do so. Meanwhile, Eustace and ' his cousin skimmed lightly over the road, side by side. Both were fond of the pastime of cycling, and Pearl seldom had a chance of Indulging it) it save when her cousin was ill home, as her aunt objected lo her riding alone at any distance from home. The wind was very keen to-day, hut the ghi was warmly clad, and' she had pill on a veil to protect her face and cars. Through the meshes of this Eustace could see Hie lovely vivid glow on the cheek nearest to libu, like (he Hut of n geranium jietnl. "We have done thirteen miles already," he exclaimed, as they passed through a quiet little village, and he consulted his watch, the hands of which pointed to the hour of three. "We shall he there before Hie others, at this rate." "But how dark It Is growing!" ob served Pearl, wilh a glance around, "it might he four o'clock Insleuil of three." "Thai is accounted for by those heavy clouds over there. 1 am afraid Tompkins was right, and that we are In for a snow storm: but we uuiy reach our destination liefore It comes." "It. will he fun If it does come, 1 think." laughed Pearl. "Nol so enjoyable us you fancy, little lady. I have been eaught In a snow storm before uoW. The while Hakes blind ami confuse one, und after u hit the roads are rendered almost Impassible Tor cycles. But we must hope for the best.". At Imlf-pasl three the two were ob liged to dismount, in order to light their lumps, They had made good speed dur- ing the hour, and were now twenty miles from home. Eustace congratulated his cousin on her skill In riding. "The wind Is not In our favor either." he said. "You hove doi».» fatuously. Pearl. Only en miles to go now. mid By .love! it is beginning to snow, nfler all." Pearl extended her hand In Ms Utile furdlued glove. A white tlnke fell oti it, and rested there for a few seconds ere it melted away. "Don't look concerned. Eustace. Wo have not far to go now. ""she said. "Hero an; two roads. Which one are we to take?" "The— the one lo the left, If I remem ber rightly. Yes, this is it. Come along, Pearl. I hope yon sire not ihed." "Nol at all. I aui good for twenty miles yet." But the road thov had taken was uot ns smooth as the one they had left. It was a hy-road, lu frn-t, and Hie occasional ruts mid louse stones caused a good deal of jnltiug. IVarl found Hint she could not keep up her former rate of speed. The snow was falling quite heavily, too, ami the large white Hakes Hew Into her face with great persistence. Her v»dl soon clung to her cheeks like a wet rag. and she was obliged to stop aud remove It al- together. "Whatn very solitary part of the world this Is!" she remarked, presently. "The houses seem to get fewer and fewer. I thought I knew all around Uyndhurst for tulles, und ycl this part seems quite strange." "I have Just been thinking the smiic." suld lii-r cousin. "We ought to hitwithln live miles of Uyndhurst. and yet Pearl, dear. I am afraid that we have got out of our way. I have only been down here once before hv road, and 1— I must have made a mistake now." "Had we tint better turn hack?" asked Pearl, trying to speak llghlly. "Oh, I think not. We tire at such n distance from Hie cross-roads, and there may he some means of gaining the di rect route wllhoul going hack. Wo will stop at the next house wceomo to, and jnnko Inquiries." Pear! pushed on courageously. Tt really required a great effort now, for tin; In- , different road was h.v no mentis im proved by the falling snow Hurt whirled also Into her eyes. The wind won pierc ingly cold, and her cheeks and ears felt frozen. But she did not mean to give in. It was a great relief, nevertheless, when her cousin called out to bin to dis mount. "Wo have reached a house of sonic sort." ho said. "I can see the lights In the windows, and here Is a gate." fie fumbled for the lotelt with his gloved lingers. "Come Inside here, my poor, tired little cousin." he continued. "These evergreens will afford some alight shelter from the storm. I will go to the hnll door and make inquiries." Pearl stationed herself beneath a friendly tree, and leaned wearily on Iter machine when her cousin left her. IIow tired ulie was, and how cold! She could have cried with the pain of her little frozen ears: and perhaps they were alto gether out of their way. and It would he hours before they reached Uyndhurst. If Tint her meditations were Interrupted by Hie sound of voices, and her cousin re-appeared, followed by a tall, elderly man. bearing u lantern. Eustace ap proached her eagerly. "Pearl, dear, those good people hudnt Hint we shall take shelter In their house for awhile. I find that we are ten or twelve miles, from Lymlliurst, and four from any station, and you must he so tired — " "Yes, indeed, young lady," put fn the si ranger, In si hearty, kindly voice. "You must just bring your machine In doors, and lot my wife look after you a hit. It's not n night -ror n dog to be out, lot alonu a delicate young lassie." "You are very kind." Pearl faltered. "What do you think, Eustace? Auntie will hu ho anxious, and Uncle Dick also." "You certainly cannot go on without a rest. Pearl. I eati see tlml yon tiro done up. «!r, I think we must accept your kind offer for tin hour or two." "To bo niiro, «lr. Come this way, young lady. We shall soon be under shelter. Here we are, and here's my wife looking out for us. There's noth ing Martha likes letter than trying to make |>eoplc comfortable." Aim Pearl found herself draivn Into a large, well-lighted, apartment, that seemed to bu a sort of farmhouse kit chen, with a wide, old-fashioned llrc- plnoo ami raftered celling. Here she was received by a motherly-looking dame lu a black silk gown and u.luce cap, who expressed much concern at the Hittlo of her wet garments. "You're Just wet through, my dear," she said, touching the fawn coat here aud there with a pluinp, teuder liund. "II'h no use your sluing by the (Ira tu those things. Come up Htulrs with tue, and let's see. what cau be done. Father, I trust to you lo see nfler the gentleman. Peggy !"-opoulng a door and raising her voice a Utile— "got tea ready at once," PAirl aud her cousin protested against so much .trouble being taken on their behalf, but they were not listened to. Pearl was hurried up stab's, her damp things were removed, and she was arrayed in a skirt belonging lo her hostess, the waist of which was a mile too largo for her, a silk bodice, and over all ti .tltio, old- fashioned Paisley shawl, which was brought from a lavemler-seentod chest. Very pretty she looked as she reentered the kitchen la her (plaint attire, with lho loveliest Hush on her cheeks, and her lirouzu luilr curling in rings about her face. Eustace wus standing neui tlib tire, wearing a most liccomhig loose coat nf brown velvet In place of his Norfolk jnfket. Pearl was surprised to see such a garment In their present quarters, but from ,i remark Unit passed iietween iter host 'aud Ids wife- she gathered that it belonged lo a soil who was away from home. Thb large round table In the centre of the room wits laid for tea, ami a red- faced servant-maid was bringing in various hoi dishes. 'Pea lu this house was evidently a substantial reality, and not an apology for a meal. There was a dish of hot pone sausngesou Hie board, such dellcately- llavorcd dalltlles as IVarl had uever before tasted: there was broiled ham and eggs, ami hop cakes, delicious home-made bread and butter, plum-cake, houey In the eoiub, and pre served ginger. Tlu? tea was excellent, the cream rh'h and thick, and tin? two hungry travellers- fell that their Hues had fallen lu pleasant places. "It's not so often wo get the chance of entertaining company," said the mistress of the house, as she supplied Pearl's plate with a nicely-frizzled slice of ham. "II'h quite a treat to iw. Isn't tt, father?"' "Father" nodded, lie was helping Mr Cllfloa-Talbot to a second supply of sausages. "It's very lonely bore in winter," wont on Iheoldiady. "But we wouldn't live anywhere else now. Father was born in Hds house, and I came to if a bride over thirty years ago. It was quite a farm then, but now we only keep n couple of cows, and a pony, and some poultry— Just enough to keep our liands busy. There's my son has wanted lately to take a house for us just outside Unti- dmi— a nice little villa, as he says— but father and ine'll slick to the old place." "Docs' your son live in town?" asked Eustace, in a tone of pnlltc interest. "la London, sir? Yes. to be sure. He's quite a great man now is our lad. and makes pictures. 1 cau show you two or three hi the sitting-room hy-and-bye. From n little toddler tie was always try- lug lo draw tilings, nml when he got old enough, nothing would do Imt he go lo a School of Art. ami whoa hi? was twenty he won n scholarship to study abroad for two years, and so he went on, until now he's made a name for himself. IVrhnps'yhu'H lmve heard of him— Mau rice Holland." There wus a moinenlnry silence. Pearl laid 'down her fork, and IikiUoiI across the table at her cousin with wide, startled eyes. Something in the expres sion of his face caused a sudden hus- pleiuti io enter her utlml— a suspicion thai Increased to certainty when site no- Heed the dull tlub that crept lu his brow. . "Martha, my lass, you iiiustu't think thai cvcrylmrly has heard of the lad." put In the good woman's husband. "Oh. lull we have!" cried. Pearl, quick ly. "He Is a friend of ours. Why. la; (lined with us only the other evening. Ami to think that he is vnur sun. ami wc never knew II!" With a charming little grsHtre she slipped her hand within that of Mrs Holland.' by whose side site was seated. "Wc? must he great friends now," she said, sweetly. The old lady stooped ami kissed the up turned face. "Bless yon, my dear, to be sure we will." she returned, lienrtily. "Ami ho you saw mtr Morry only the other night? Well, the world Is bm a small plaee, after all. Wc haven't seen him for a mouth, but he'll he down tn-inorrnw night, He never falls to spumd Christians Day with Eustace was rather silent during the, rest of the meal, but Pearl talked In her prettiest maimer, and completely fasrln- ntrd the simple fanner and his wife. They would not hear of her leaving their roof that night, and she professed herself perfectly willing to remain, If only Eus tace could get to Uyndhurst, lu order to allay Ha; anxiety of his mother nml old General Simmer. It was llnally decided that Mr Holland should convey Eustace aud his bicycle in the trap to the near est station, and that the young man should return on the, morrow lo escort Ids cousin to Uyndhurst. Before Eustace's departure the cousins were left alone for a few moments, Mr Holland being In the stable, and ills wife in the outer kitchen, giving direct Ions to Hie servant. "I hardly like to leave you, Pearl," said Eustace, tu low tones. "Why nor?"— rather coldly. "I ant with friends." "You etui hardly call these, people your friends, dear. They are kind enough hi their way, bat they are Ig norant. uncultured. It Is surprising that Maurice Holland could have come of such a stock." Pearl turned uml looked him straight lu the eyes. " It Is no surprise In you, Eustace. You have often hinted that Mr Holland was of lowly birth, and you know 11 when you brought me here to-day— on purpose." " Pearl !" " Don't stoop to deny It, Kusiuee. I feel convinced tlmt L am right. You wanted to let mcsco for myself" — " And now that you linvo seen, Pearl," ho interrupted, (?agcrly, " you will treat that fellow as lie deserves." " I— I will try to do so." . "Aiul you will give me a elmnce? I love you. Pearl— vou must know ll— ami If you will only giro ma a grain of hope" But Pearl turned frotn him with a superb gesture of disdain. " I would not nuirry you, cousin, for nil that Ha? world could give me," she said, la cold, sweet tones. On Hit; following morning a tall, falr- hnircd young imui, with a clean-shaved, resolute face, strode up the snow- covered pathway that led to the side door of the Thorpe Farm, as old Mr Holland's house was still called. . He Ilfiisl the latch and entered thu lnrge kit/. ten used for . cooking pnriKisus ; b&c; nobody was t here, and he passed on to the general living room. Mrs Hot- 'land was there, stoning plums at the round tub!;?, and seated beside her, a big cooking apron Hod on over her fawn gown, -was- a lovely girl, who was deftly removing the peel frotn a large apple. At the sight of her the new arrival stood still tn the doorway, n look of amazement upon his face, aud Mrs Holland observed him and sprang up with a try : " Maurice ! Oh» my boy 1" When he bad kissed his mother, thn young man turned to the girl, who re turned Ids gaze demurely, though the color deepened In her cheeks. "Miss Smnnor," lu? faltered. " You did not expect to Hud me here," she said, placing her little lingers lu his strong clasp. " But I am here, you sec, 'ami— uml very much at home. We must tell you about it by-iuid- by." " We did nol expect you UU evening, Maurice," said his mother. " I found I could get hero before, mummy, dear, so I camu by Hiu earliest train. .Miss Sunnier. I thought you would bu at Uyndhurst." "You seem dreadfully curious. I must explain," said Pearl, laughing. " Ami ,1 will go ami get you some lunch, my boy," said Mrs Holland, " You must Ik; hungry, ami Peggy is busy up- stairs." Shu bustled off, while Pearl related her ndveiituro .of; the previous day, suppressing her knowledge of Eustace's little plot. " 1 thought I was dreaming when I saw you here," he said, when she had linished. And you looked so much at home— so. sweet— In that white apron. And you do. not despise my people, ufter all V" , " Despise them 1 I— I love them. I should be a wrcteh If I did not, after all their kindness." " Then you must despise tno for my falsi; pride. 1 was ashamed of your knowing that I— that my dear old father aud mother were not of your order. That Is why 1 never spoke" Pearl could uot resist the .words that rushed to her lips : "But you will speak—' now ?" lie caught her In his arms and pres sed with his own those sweet lips ti|»on which ids Idle -fancy bad feigned so many kisses. "..What will your guardian say ?" he whispered, presently. "He never refuses me anything I waul. Ami, oh, MnurlciI may say It now— I— liavc wanted you since I began lo think you cared." "Not us I have wanted you. But vou scented, as far above me as. lho stars. Oh, IVarl, my sweet— my precious Christmas gift!" Ami Mrs Holland, entering the room til Unit moment with tt tray lu her hands, nearly lot her burden fall to the ground in her astonishment. For her son Maurice held her young guest in his arms, the girl's rubied head rested most eontldlugly u|kiii ids shoulder, ami tin? wintry smtslUiic. streaming in through the window, fell upon two faces on which Uove had just sUiiumxi his own umnlstakablo seal.— "Lomlon Weekly Budget." 