fiction AN EMANCIPATED WOMAN. i. "Wk must nover moot again, Cyril." " Don't say that, Pearl. I can't boar it." A silence. "Do you think he— do you think anyone Rusnccts— our friendship?" asked tho inan, bending his great brown eyes upon hor. Sho shrank, both on account of his look and on account of his words. 11 No," oho said timidly. I do not think that— that anyone suspects. But we must give no one any cause for suspicion. Wo must not moot again." "Fcnrl, there is no nso' 'denying it, you aro miserably unhappy. Your husband— a vory good sort of man in his way— has no sym pathy with you. Ho is utterly ununited to you. You arc practically alone in the world, lam lonely too. Why should we glvo up our sweet friendship ? It is tho one joy of my life." Sho trembled, nnd allowed him to tnko hor chilled hand in his. There was admiration, and something wanner than admiration, in hor looks, nnd Cyril Forteseuo was not unite- oustomcd to such glances, for he was in trutli a singularly imnusonw man. mio, on uio contrary, was not strikingly beautiful, but there was a charm about her littlo person which Borne people found absolutely bewitch ing. Ilcr face was thin and pule, her gray eyes were large and tender, nnd just now thoy wore shining with an emotion which she could not put into words. Thcro were others besides Cyril who had thought it a pity that a creature of such delicate sympathies should havo been mated with a big, stupid, common place, or at lenst intensely common-sonso Englishman, like John Btcnduiau. A nolso struck her ear— thoy were sitting in the conservatory that opened out of the drawing-room— and she glanced into the room to make sure that it wns quite empty before she turned to her companion and said, in a quick, hurried tone: You must go now, indeed you must. My husbnnd may return at any moment, and though ho is not usually jealous, or anything of that kind, still I should not like him to begin to think that yon canio here too often." "I may conic again, then?" the man asked eagerly. "Oh, no. I forgot. Cyril, for both our sokes it will be better not." " And I tell you again, Pearl, that I will not consent to a sentence of banishment, for I know well it does not cuue from your heart. If you have made a mistake in 'the past, why should I suffer for it ? Is that just ? " The child— she wns little more— had no answer to make to this brilliant argument ; lie got permission to call next day for another last farewell, and he left her. On tho way out Fortcscue met the master of tho house, and faced him boldly, but Stcadtnim took little notice of him, passed him by with a nod, nnd went and shut him self up in his study, as his habit had been of late. An hour latir he went into the drawing- room, where his wife was sitting alone, gazing into the fire. " No tea, thanks," he said absently, seating himself opposite to her. She rang for a servant to take away the tea -tray, and it was not until -the man had left ttic room that Stcadman opened his lips. He spoke in the caliu, level tones that were habitual with him. " I am sorry thai you are not happy with me," he said, staring into the fire, as she hnd been doing till tlmt moment. She started, nnd turned pale, instinctively laying her hand on her heart to stay its pain ful throbbing. How much— oh, now much did he know of the state of her nffections ? She made no reply. "It is better to tell you at once," he said, " that I came in tfint scoundrel Fortes- cue— I can't call him anything else— wan here. I went to the little room at the end of the hall to hang up my overcoat, nnd— you forgot, I think, tlint there is a ventilator tlmt opens from the conservatory into that littlo room." There was n dead silence. A cinder, fail ing nmong the nshes, made quite a noise, though nt another time tho sound would havo been inaudible. She was lying hack in her chair, and he peered anxiously at her In the hall-light, thinking she had fainted. But she hnd not fainted ; sho wns gazing at him with white, terrified face, unable to utter a word. Thoro wns something so piteous in her helpless silcnco tlmt lie said almost tenderly, though with a note of scorn in his voice : "Don't bo afraid, poor IHtlo thing. I tun not going to hurt you." Sho made no answer. "Well, I supposo.you think you would bo happlor with— You wish you lmd not married me?" »» iniv w iiiu use ui laiKing oi a /" sno sam In a tono of despair. " You havo found out tny poor secret, hut tho inost important thing Is that wo havo spoilt our lives. Don't think that I forget that yours la spoilt ns well ub mine." " Thank you," snid Stcadman, with a queer 6milo, " thank you for considering mo, hut I am not sure tlmt tho case is so hopeless na you imagine." No. Thcro ho wns wrong. Much ho understood of hor heart, if ho thought that it could over again dcolino to his lovel I But that wns just llko Jack, sho thought bitterly. Poor follow. It was not his fault, perhaps, tlmt ha could not understand. " I nm afraid there is no euro for our com plaint." sho said at last, But I admit that I nm tho one tlint is to blnine. Tho world would say that I am vory much to blame, and that Is vory good of you to l>o so gcntlo with nic," sho cried, with n sudden consciousness of his gonoroslty. "I think your happlnoss, as well as my own," ho 6aid, gravely, " may ho best con sulted hy my tolling you something which — considering that wo have no- children — I thought it host to say nothing about. If I havo boon wrong in not tolling you soonor, I must ask yon to forelvo mo." « ?0ftTl ',c MP "or bond and Batoned. could he mean 7 And how could hor having no children havo anything to do with " You know," wont on hor hushnVul, " that I was married when I was littlo more than a boy. l'coplo told mo that I had ruined mv mo and ncrhnns thov warn nnt fur wmnn i need not say more of hor than to say thut aftor a tlmo sho loft mo. I waa given, to understand that sho was dead. When I was in tho States I visited a gravo believing it to bo hers." < " Woli ?" Ilcr volco was barely audible. " Well, I mot her— in tho Strand— not six months ago." Thoro was another silence in tho room. It sconicd as If both tho two human beings sitting opposito to each othor dreaded to break it. " Why — " Hor volco died away, but sho mndo another effort and succeeded better. " Why did you not toll mo sooner ?" " Bccnuso there were only our two selves to consider, mid I thought that na things were you would bo happier not to know. But now that I understand that yon wish for freedom it would bo cruel to hide the truth from you any longer." " Then I am— free," He answered abruptly that sho was, and left tho room. Ho did not stay to seo tho changes that enmo into her fare, liko these that pass over a cornfield on n, day of wind and cIauA pafl WAtfatae. Hex fl&t; was one of bewilderment, almost of desola tion. She had boon so long accustomed to regard herself as tho wife of John Stcadman, that the idea that that tie — that great -cable tlmt moored her life to its abiding place— hnd snapped asunder wasulmost terrifying. Rut soon Uio master-thought rose like a tidal wave in her heart, nnd swept all else aside ns if it hnd been driftwood. .She was free— frco— free. Sho could love Cyril now, as much as sho would, without sin. Ilcr ruliicd life, her forfeited hnppincss was given baok to her. Hho was going to begin exis tence anew ; the. hour of her redemption had como. Tho prison doors had opened, us it were, of their own accord. Sho was free. That night Pearl coutd not steep. Sho wns sorry for John, in a \\\'ay. IIo hnd been a good husband to her, hut for soino time, ever since sho had known Cyril Fortcscue, she had been so tired of him. One thing sho hoped— that he would spare her tho unpleasantness of a formal adieu. One thing she lmd re solved— tlmt she could not remain in the liotiKo after that night. In tho morning she found sho had reason to he grateful to the man whoso name she had horno for sinonthing'flcr path in both respects. Ho hnd gone from homo enrly in tho morning, nnd he had loft a lioto for her, saying that he hnd written to an old friend of her fathor, a solicitor named Brown, begging him to ar range with his own solicitors what should be done in the matter of settlements and allow ances, and that he would agree to whatever they might think i-casonahlo. And a cheque was enclosed to meet her present require ments. Hho wroto a few lines to him, thanking him for his kindness, and quitted his liousu tho same day. II. Miss St. Aubln— Pearl had reverted to her maiden name — took rooms in a largo newly- built houso In a sufficiently good neighbor hood, and there, in all the tumult and excite ment of happy expectation, she awaited the coming of hor lover. Sho aould allow her thoughts to dwell upon Iiini now without sliamoh!)d without restraint. Thu hours seemed long, but sho beguiled them by plans of travel, of lovely places she and Cyril would visit togothcr. Sometimes her thoughts touched upon tho husband who had unwil- tingly deceived her, and sho felt vaguely sorry for Him ; Hut tho subject was not n pleasant one, nnd her mind speedily flow hack to the ono all-absorbing topio of her life. It was evening. She knew that Fortcscue must have got nor letter some time during the dny at all events, nnd that ho certainly would bo with her that evening; so sho dined early, tniido the hired drawing-room as snug and homelike as she could, and then sat down and waited for him. It was a dreadful night. Tho wind drove the rain against tho plate-glasss windows in great sheets, and made mournful noises in tin chimney overhead. Rut she never imagined that hor lover would allow tho- weather to hinder him, and she waited in patient chcor- fulness. The slow hours went by, and she wished ho would come. Tho sound of the storm, the moaning of 'tho wind, mndo her meluncholr. and thu smell of tho newly- plastered walls gave her a headache. Would he never come? At length, when the clock on the chimney- piece chimed half-past nine, she realised that he was not coming thut night. It was a bitter disappointment to her, and she told herself that nothing could over quite make up for it. Thau iv ray of sunshine darted into her mind. U was possible— not likely, hut still possible — that Cyril might be out of town. Her note might not havo reached him. If there had been any other reason for his not coming, he would have scut her a tele gram. But it was possiblo tlmt ho had not received her note. No sooner had the idea occurred to her than she ?nt down, late ns it was, and wrote him a few hurried lines, ex plaining what had happened, nnd how she had been expecting him all the evening. This she lmd posted nt once, and then she went to bed. Next day Uio excitement of her mind reached almost to fever point. She felt as if she could not bear the idea of waiting until tlmt evening. Surely he would come imme diately after lunch. Ah, had she been in his place. But luncheon came nnd went, and Cyril did not appear. Pearl fidgeted about, nnd worked herself into a state of nervousness, in which rest and occupation were alike impossible. The after noon slowly wore itself away. It was torture to her to sit in that dismal, empty room listening, though she tried so hard not tolistcn, for n ring at the door. The rain was still pouring, though tho wind liad gone down." It was very dreary, and more than once Tennyson's hackneyed, yet pathetic, words haunted her memory — She only said : " The dny is dreary, ne cometh not." she said ; She said : " I am aweary, aweary ; I would that I were dead." "Rut he is coming— he is coming. lie is coming to me, my own. To-day, to-day 1 shall see him, He will tnko me in his arms. It is no sin now. We shall be together nlwaya now." But as the night wore on her heart would cry this to her no longer. Her mind misgave Iter. Hope wns no longer sure nnd steadfast. Yet she could not doubt him. She simply did not understand it. When she lay down tliut night she wns too wretched for tears. The morning brought a telegram. Cyril was in Paris. Her letter, he said, had been forwarded to him there. He was unfor tunately engaged to go on with some friends to the Riviera, nnd he would write. . Tjib wns solid comfort, though it wns far from being as satisfactory ns if Cyril had tlown to hor at once. She hungered for the letter, thinking of it continuously. She even imagined bits of it to herself, terms of pus- sionnte endearment which had burst from her lover ngainst his will on one occasion, and which (though sho would not listen to them at the time) had caused her a guilty pleasure every time they returned to her memory. But the morning brought a second telegram instead of a letter- a telegram with excuses. On the next day there was nothing. Then a third telegram, shorter than theothers. Then silence. By tilts tiino the horrible truth hnd forced itself upon her mind ; however charming she might bo to Cyril Fortcscue as a friend whom he was forbidden to love, ho hnd no desire to make her his wife. In a word, sho was abandoned. She came and went like n ghost, for tho springs of life and linppinoss were quenched within hor. She left London, and took lodgings ntu small seaside town, which at that season was almost empty of visitors, for her one thought was to hide herself from tho world. when there canio to her by post a copy of an American newspnpet, containing a notice of tho death of John Steadinan's wife. Sho rend it— she could not help seeing it, for it was marked— and idly speculated on what might have happened if tho event hnd taken plnco earlier, or If Slcndniau had never learnt that his wifo had not died when ho imagined thut she had ; and a shudder run through her veins when sho thought what folly and wickedness sho might havo committed if tilings had gone on as they had boon doing — if she had nover lonrnt to know Cyril Fortcscuo ns lie really Never, sho determined, never under any circumstances, would she meet him again, Tlirco1 or four weeks more went by, and sho learnt incldonlly that he returned to England. Would ho nmko any effort to sco hor, she wondered ? Would ho have tho effrontery to cull, and offer her some lamo excuses for his long ncglcot ? Hor cheeks burnt as tho pos- nihility of his doing so crossed her mind. She thought it might" bo woll to let him know through her old friend Mr. Brown, the solicitor that sho would refuse to see him in any case. But sho hesitated and put it off, until ono nftornoon a telegram was put into her hand. " All. Too Into. I ought to havo writtou that loiter," she snid to horeolf, as with trembling fingers she opened the envelope. " Am coming down by one-forty." That was all, But tho message hnd been unaccountably delayed. It was already half-past four. If ho had started from town nt ouo.fnrtv h« might nrrivo at any moment. Sho rang tho bell, and gave orderatlmt she was not nt homo to anyone, and then sat down and waited in astatoof ncrvouB trepida tion that alio could not suppress. Tho rain was genting on tho panes and tho sea lay dead and dreary boyond tho margin of molancholv ennd. U reminded her of the dny— it scomoci yours ago now— when alio had sat and waited for him in vain in that dismal London street. Then— Rut now sho would rather die than sco him. v Tho humiliation would be too blttor. There wns a ring at tho door— footsteps in tho passage outside, Surely tho maid would nover dare ; Tho door opened. Someono was pushing his way into tno rooui. She roso from her scat, her faco flushed with anger. " John." They stood and looked at each othor, neither speaking a word. " You got my telegram ?" said John in the most matter-of-fact tono possible, ns ho helped I himself to a chair. 1 " Yes," she stammered ; " but you did not sign it. 1 thought 1 told thera to say I wns not nt home." A bright look came into his eyes. " You mean that you have refused to sec him ?" ' I don't see tbat-it can matter to you. but I would rather " Her voice was quite cold and unimpassioned, yet she stopped, un able to go on. " That's all right, then," said John cheer fully. "You got the American paper I sent you ?". " You sent it, then ?" she answered with a vivid blush. " 1 thought in must have been you, but 1 could not conceive why." " No ? Why, it means that wo are both free." " Yes, I suppose so " — looking down. "Pearl, my own littlo Pearl, como back to me." He was standing before her, his arms out stretched. His voice wns so full of tenderness tlmt it brought the tears to her eyes. She just glanced up nt him for a moment, and again her eyes fell. He could sec that sho was trembling all over. "Do you think you can love mo as— ns I want to bo loved ?" ho asked, and his voice shook. Again she looked up at him, and with n cry like that of a frightened child she threw up her arms and leant forward, her sweet faco wot with tears, her eyes shining with a light he had never seen in thorn before. " But can you forgive?" alio whispered, as she lay on his breast. " I have not only forgiven but forgotten It," he snid and there was a something in his voico that nwed her. " And nre you sure you can trust me now?" " Yes, for I am sure that I havo won your love. I never was sure of it before." "Why aro you so good to mo?" she mur- mured a fow minutes lutor. " Because I lovo you, as I havo done from the first moment I saw jolt, and I thought it was worth taking somo trouble to win you al together." " Do you know, dear, I think you will have to go now," oho said with a rosy blush, later in the evening. " It is getting qulto late." He stared at her for au instant, then broke into a laugh. " You avo quite right," ho said. " Of course wo shall have to bo married over again. . Well, that will be easily managed." And they bade each other good -night. III. The wedding was of courso a very quiet ono The only friend at tho ceremony wns Pearl's old friend, Mr. Brown. Stcadman was oxplniiihig matters to biin while his wifo was changing her dress prepar atory to setting out on her second honeymoon. ' But I hardly understand," tho lawyer was saying, with u puzzling expression on iris face. " Yon say tho notice of your first wife's dnnth in tho newspaper which you sent to Mrs. Stcadman was a false one?" " It was. 1 inserted it myself." " But how, then ? You had seen your first wife ullve so recently. You said you saw her as recently us last summer." "But that wns a lie," said John Stcadman, looking tho solloitor aalmly in thu face. 