How Louie Found the Ghost. By ¡AMY MINCHIN (ll years ll months), Swan. (Best story by cMld under 12 years of age.) Louie was a iittl e girl who had always lived in the town. She had onlv heard and read about iife m the country, but she often wished go, if only for a day, to see the green fields and pretty flowers. One day Louie received a letter from her grand ina, asking her to come and spend her Christmas holidays at their farm. Oh, how slie clapped her hands and danced for joy! "Next Monday'. Oh, mother, how shall I wait 'i " Mother said she would find plenty to do getting ready and selecting Christmas presents for grandma and the boys, for some of Louie's cousins were living at the farm. They were boys, but she didn't mind tha', and they had a near neighbour with two little girls, who often came to the far n. Monday came at last, and Louie wa? so excited she could scarcely wait to say good- bye, and it seemed as if the train never travelled so slowly before. But Louie spent the time in dreaming of the lovely time to come, and wondering what Grand- ma was like, and if the boys were kind, and what kind of a place Hillside Farm was. Her mother had told her about the lovely rocks half a mile from their house, and how she used to climb them with her brothers. But something sad had hap- pened there since then, and she hoped Louie would not speak about it in her Grandma's presence. At last the train stopped at a little plat- form, and Louie could see a dear old thatched house, almost hidden with trees and runners. A big boy was waiting on the station, who told Louie he was her cousin Joe, and he hoped they would be great friends. When they go"; near enough to see the beautiful rocks, she cried out with delight. " Ob, Joe," she 6aid, " won't we have "line times climbing them ! " Joe turned pale, and said, " Don't on any account go near the rocks, Grandma won't hear of it." " Do tell me why? " she said. " Mother spoke of something happening there ; what was it ? " Joe looked round to see if anybody was near, and then whispered : " Louie, the rocks are hauuted ; don't go near them." Now, Louie thought her cousin a very silly hoy. But still she was interested, and asked Joe to tell lier about it. They sat down on a log, and Joe began the story. " A h>ng while ago Grandma asked two boys t:> spend their holidays at the farm. Tliey were ntlier wild boys, and did not agree very well ; but they used to play together all day on the rocks, and one day they climbed to the top of that high rock and began to quarrel. No ono knows exactly how it happened, but they both fell down between the rocks and were killed. On moonlight nights if we go and listen we can hear them and see their ghosts ; but don't tell anybody about it." When they got home grandma was waiting tea for them, and Louie thought she lind never tasted anything so nice as the fresh butter and scones, bes des the fruit and cream. She almost forgot about the ghost till after tea, when all was quiet, and L'juie sut watching Grandma's face Photo by Mr. D. Steele, Fitzroy (Vic.) CHRISTMAS EVF. and thinking how sad it was to have sue a a thing happen at Christmas. " I am not afraid of ghosts," thought Louie, " and some night I will go and see them." Louie slept soundly, for she was very tired ; but she was up early to see Joe milking the cows. " Did you hear the ghosts last night?" Joe asked as soon as he saw her ; but Louie said she never woke all night. " It was awful," Joe said ; " they were chasing each other up and down the rocks and shouting half the night." Louie longed to go and explore the rocks, but she found plenty to amuse her all day. It was after she was in bed she kept think- ing of the ghosts. " I must go and see them," thought Louie. So she put on her clothes and crept out of the window. It was quite bright, and the moon shone on the rocks j but there was no sign of any ghost, and Louie began to doubt the truth of Joe's story. She was about to turn back, when she heard a noise like a little lamb in distress. Now, though Louie was a brave little girlshe felt very nervous at being out alone, but she went round the rocks where the noise came from, and found a little white kid. It had lost its mother, and was running about in great distress. Louie forgot her fears in her delight at having such a sweet little pet of ber own, and wrapping it in her jacket was about to start for home, when to her horror she saw two white things ¿moving among the bushes a good way off. Louie turned and ran as fast as she could, almost dropping the kid in her flight. When she was about half way home she tripped over a stone and fell on her face. She could not jump up all at once, as she was a bit shaken, but she looked back to see if the ghosts were after her, and what do you think she saw ? Two big white goats playing and chasing each other about on the~rocke. Louie felt sure they! must Le the parents of her little kid, and she laughed to think of the Burprise she would give Joe« g , Grandma scolded her a little for going out alone at night, but they all praised her for being so brave. The rest of Louie's holiday passed delightfully, and she spent many hours climbing the rocks with Joe, for he was not afraid to go there any more after Louie had found the ghosts. 