CHAPTER LXSIV.-THIE MEETING ON THE MOUNTAIN. .Standing- upon the summit of a loftt Srountilni rage; gazing out 'over ?the snow-covered valleys and plains that for many miles could be seen upon every liand,: stood, a young girl. It was the same beautiful girl,; clad SIn ubuckskin; who-. had cpitured -the youngranchero, Burt Braxton,. and- his o ...owboy comrade, and !,afterwards. pre. vented the Monarch of the Mountains from taking the life'of the former. She held a glass in her hand, and was oweeping the seene-before her as though in seai-cli of some olijeot... A rifln was swung at her back . she wore a blit of arms round hir slender waist, and a few hundred : arils down the mountain stood her horse. "I.do not know why he does not re turn. I sincerely hope no harm has be fallen him. And why does father re main so long away this time?" '-She spoke aloud, in a soft, rich voice, and again raised her glass to her eyes. Then she cried out, in a cheery tone : S"He is coming, and he rides hard." . 'She had caught sight of a horseman coming along a valley a couple of miles away and far below her. : The horseman ,was riding hard, seeming to press his horse-to the top of his speed, though the trail:was unbroken ,and .the snow _deep. . .The young girl at once descended from tite peak.towhich she had climbed,;'ent to her horse,'leaped into the saddle, and -rode along the trail-to meet the onoeshe had seen coming.: She soon did sooand :s the h6rseman advanced? he-called \- Ah, -Zulita?, I ým so glad you have nmt' me, for I have" iews-ooli, so much news-for you."' '"Is father dead?" she asked, quickly. "No: but has-he returned to the re treat'?". ' "He has not, and I was growing most " anxious about you." "Well, I dld have a close shave, but it is all right now, as I discovered much through a shot I made." . : "I feel that you have made an impor -ant find, brother. Have you discovered ..old?" "Yes and no. I have discovered that whtch is dearer than gold, sister." The face of the young girl showed how deeply she was interested, and the horseman went on to say : '"Do you remember the day that you captured me?" "Can I eve forget it?" "You recall that tile Monarch was .very mugh disturbed over a ,strange echo le had heard of his own weords?" \- "Yes: he did not rest until he had gone there'the next day and repeated the same words that he told us had been so changed, and he felt greatly relieved 276 - " when he found the echoa'? dlffterent from what it had been the day before." S"Well,. I have. foundithe echo."' "The same place?" ,. "No, the echo; for what hle heardthat day was not-in echo, but a man's voice, and I have found the man." "Oh, brother!" "It is true, for I have seen trails about I could not account for, and seeing a fresh one in the snow two days ago, I followed it. It was a man's track, and I followed it to his retreat, and when he discovered me, although I raised my hands above my head, he fired upon me. In self- defence I was compelled to fire on him, and I sought to wound him in the arm, but the bullet cut through it and entered under the shoulder.!! "Killing him?"? "Ieaven grant not! But see, Ihave ridden my 'horse nearly to death, for last night I went to the fort.", "The fort?" "Well, the outpost." ' "Why did you go -there this; time, brother?" Pwil "To leave a note for, SurgeOl Powell, for I wish:to take him to the cabllIno the wounded man and have hinm make him well." "But will he come?" "Yes, I know he will. I made an ap? pointment with him for to-night? at Beacon Rock, and he will be there." "Then he is not afraid of ghosts?'.., "Not he. But come, you must get ready to go with me at once to the cabin; and I will leave you there while I go to meet the Surgeon Scout." "But suppose father returns?" "He will not, for he dare not leave just now, There is too much at stake for him." "And this wounded man, brother?".. "That is the great secret that I have to tell you, sister, and you shall hear all as we ride along; for we must start at onice, and not spare our horses." 