SETTLEMENT OF A CON TROVERSY. The one man one vote controversy may be regarded as settled in Victoria for all time. It was supposed to have been set tled by the founders of the Constitution when voting was mode universal to all ; males over 21 years old. It was .purely nc- I cidcutal that ever plural • uting came into operation in this colony. Its being intro ‘ ducod accidentally also accounts' for plural ' voting having been limited to, .one section of tho colony’s property owners. A man' ’ might own a million pounds’ worth of pro perty and it might bo distributed in every Parliamentary electorate. in , the -colony! Nevertheless unless it was in, some form of property .that- the municipal tax-gatherer could take cognisance of it,such a miUiqhaire would politically bo no better than a swag mah. He would have to take out a six penny elector's right. It was for. conve nience sake and to save expense that in the compilation of the first Parliamentary rolls it was decided to use the municipal rolls. The political experts of the time either did 1 not see, or perhaps did not want to see, that this would give some persons, an un just share of votes because they might happen to have ratable property in two or more electorates. It was a haphazard and arbitrary way of securing extra votes—not necessarily for tho propertied classes, mean ing thereby tho wealthy classes, but tor a few people who were so fortunate (or so unfortunate) as to have their very modest landed possessions scattered around the country like bits of Cromarty. on the : map of Scotland. It has thus happened whilst a comparatively poor man . has had a pocket ful of votes consequent on his owning a few acres in tliis electorate and'a few acres in that electorate, aind a cottage In ano ther, a great squatter who might own half of one parish and the whole of tlie next, might only have one vote. . The pineal, vot ers only recognised property of one kind. Land is by no means trie only symbol of wealth and thrift, yet it was the only one wliioh for all those years theVictorianPar liamont has recognised in’th'e election: of re-. Eresentativcs. Why a man owning ten onc undred acre blocks of ..land worth , £7 ah acre in ten different electorates, should be, entitled to vote ten times on polling day, and a man owning' 1000 Melbourne' Gas Company’s shares,at £7,each should not be entitled to a solitary “thrift vote,” but only to one sixpenny swaginah’s vote, -would; be very difficult for- Mr. Murray Smith to ex plain. Verily, it was time that he camofor ward with a plan for .the representation of minorities when the unfortunate millionaire who stacks away his wealth in mortgages and debentures, muring, gas, insurance! and brewery companies’ shares is in danger of disfranchisement unless ho . "registers’’ and remembers where "he put . his elector’s right. The absurdity of the whole tiling was very manifest But' when political parties made a shibboleth of it "and both got hot . and ex cited they' naturally talked : a’ deal of non sense. People who are .troubled with sor rowful foreboding that they, are never likely to he encumbered.- with'the . care’ of large or small possessions in ,a..plurality; of electorates fought valiantly for- one- man one. yOtq. - Others -who have token such cares upon themselves or on whom, like great *ness,-such cares hard ' ’ been' tlq-ust by’ shrewd and acquisitive ancestors, .or: per sons who simply dwired to, stand wolf with such people, magnified the plural vote until it loomed as large .in their mental vision as,the whole of the remainder of the Vic torian Constitution Act and its amend ments put together.- In .truth, however,i we do not- think that tho plural vote has •Had. any- practical influence whatever on Australian legislation. ; The landless classes' orb so. numerous in comparison with the landed that the latter -could bo swamped - over and over again every polling day- The landowners (small or great- in Victoria) never yet earned an election anywhere or at, any time without very considerable'as sistance . from the ..landless. It was quit" Vi'ong that any particular Interest or in dustry should (even accidentally) have 0 bigger voice than another in the mak ing of the laws. But ,after the divi- I sion of 61. to 18- by which theaboli- I tion bill was . earned, this anomaly may bo : looked -upon as a thing of the' past - Hitherto there used, to be a class of mem ber of tho Legislative Assembly- who-; de feated m the Legislative Assembly/ - would pass the wink on for the Council to reject the said, measure.. The UpperiHoiiso thu«- undertook to bear a steadily accumulating load of popular- odium; ' But tho chances arc vbry many to one that'tho Council will hob now take upon itself Hie..task of doing wKpt the 18 were unable to do m-theother place.Party ,feelmg; and-party rancour on thiasubjeebaro dead-. Suoh' bemg -the case it is;bufc fair that- Mr.' -Murray-Smithls pro*--: position to introduce the Hare system "of counting -votes should >bo. fairly discussed on its merits < f JPotmTH' Page;—The following " addttional ,roading;mattor- will bo fouon. our fourth; page this morning ;—Mining'JNowHi ftnd.iNoteB, Amongst tlio Nitrb-G Grimes, All Agricultural Fiend, BomligO CouraingGlubi EaglchawUauclGity/PoUcuGourt. ' To-da-jV EvJWfai—Huntly CouncU,-; 10 : cm. •Land Hoard;;lLo. in. ; Gouh cil, 12 ' noon ■’ ..Ibumpton: Ctoursing (scqond » viuy),; 12 lioou; -Eoglchawk Ladies voknt Society, ,3.30 • Worn en ? a Prayer. Union ; ■'; meeting,coin- CHnldrcii’a ‘Wowl,- town lrill, : 4 'prim Miners’ Association, 6*30 p.ni. } - Ncangaf branch A.N.A.,7.30 p,m.; GoodJntent 1 Society,' TeitopotAnco-llallj p.ra. ; mib iic mooting 'roiColiban scheme, town holl, C, p.m. ; evangelistic services; Pi cabytorian:-.Church,- 8 p.m.-/, - -meeting 'viibrteopolis Lodge,. ."primls; qonuc singing v •’ompotitipn^ . 9 p.m. ’ . Parliamknt. —Not much business wasilotio In the House wc^bcra J toin&sh.T; -! gaged in n “go-as-you please,” and not of tliat either. Dr. Salmon moved tho adjotum ; moot of the Hovjso in ordoivtpproteat ftfiPinst i tho illiberal treatment by tho Itailwfty dbppct nionb of minora who bavo to work at long tances from tlioir liouios, and who, llicrororo, use tlio railways' in going. to and fro. . ’The Minister rend a note from tho GoUnmSsitmor stating that the best plan would bo to totally abolish nny concossions to working. miners. Several mining; mombora demurred to tbo wm-J missibuor’s autocratic tone, bub tho - Minister defended him by assorting that at Englehawk minors’, cheap railway faros woro.objeoted to because thov brought -minors to Uio district. Mr, Bailca replied to tlio effect that Gastloinaimj was being opened up by Bendigo enterprise, tliat Bondigo minora would bo in graaterdomand there than over, so it was highly desirable that tlio ohonp fares should , bo continued. ; Mr. Murray described tho Minister as a more apologist for tho Commissioner, and by wdor of the Speaker hnd ; to apologise himself for , saying so,. could, .make no pro 'nijsb, and tho mining mombora having .in turn giVon. their .views,! the subject dropped.- Tim -Anti- Plural Voting Bill was dotted;for a little, while, hut ho progress was made.- I ho only “ progress” lim ing the silting was tho second reading of Mr. It. O’NciUV Auctioneers Bill and tho passage through 1 of somo of its. clauses. To-night's Public Meeting- A public mooting,'to which great importance ~ at taches, will bo .held in tho town Hall to night at 8 o’clock to urge on tho Qovorn jncnfc the necessity for placing sumciont money on the .estimates for tho • construc tion "of a second .reservoir, at Molmsbury. It is hoped that, there will be a large »t -, 'tendance of citizens. If not already in vited, efforts should be made to bring in representative men from -oil over the dis trict, ' ns Eaglohawk, Marong, Huntly, Strathficldsaye, otc., are-just os much in terested as the city. . j Tins Totalisator Bn.!, —Action is being taken by the WarrnaraboqlßacingOlubtp get petitions signed by electors in favor of tlxc Totalisator Bill. 'Other racing clubs arc being communicated with, and rctpiested to take similar action ot once, Tho V.R.C. Club has unanimously agreed to support tho bill'and to request) other clubs tp do the same. Last night’s Herald says: The Victorian Racing Club recently passed tho following resolution:. —'‘That'the com mittee of the V.R.C. strongly support the principle of . the totalisator, ■ and undertake to use their best .efforts to secure -its in troduction, and that tho secretary bo in structed to notify tho sanm to the cbm ■ mittcca of all racing clubs in the colony, ' asking for their co-operation arid support; and tliat delegates from such clubs be in vitcd.to moet tlio committee of tho V.B.G. in conference at an early date, with n view to furthering the movement- for the legalisation of the totalisator.” ‘ In fur therance of the terms of the-resolution a circular has been issued-to, the secretaries of all registered country clubs, by jtff. .H. BJron Moore, tho secretary of tho V.8.0. Tho circular appoints Thursday, tho 11th inafc M for the conference of delegates, and they arc to meet tho V.R.C, in Melbourne. Momnxo The Uitmue.—Umpire Ooakes was treated very badly by a section of tho crowd that assembled in the Upper Re serve yesterday afternoon to watch, the game between Eaglohawk and Sandhurst. He umpired fairly well, but he made a'few mistakes in, the early part, of the game, for which ho was duly hooted.' In the latter part tho play was very rough, but ' Coakes -was not to blame.- He did all _he could to keep the players ..from infringing , tho rules, and he was successful as could bo expected. Ho showed no. favoritism, be-: '’cause his : mistakes- were on botli sides; The larrikin section of the onlookers jeered and hooted him, and as he stopped out of the arena they surrounded him like a ,pa«lL. of_..cowardly, 1 -, young, jackals , thirsting for his .blood. „“!It ’im in the eye !” “Break 'is'nose!” “Kill’im!’-', were the .en couraging exclamations... which the young ciirs used t° each other. - Ho might hove faired badly but for the presence of some gentlemen and a constable,,/ The ;,“jackals” followed • him up View street howling and hooting him, and he had to take refuge in the Park View Hotel There they wore dispursed by tho constable.- It iS; a that a few arrests were, not made. As it is it may notbo too late even yet to issue a a few summonses for insulting.'behavior, for many in tho crowd .were A little while afterwards - another crowd of hooting and noisy larrikins (chiefly young sters) followed some Eaglohawk : players to the Rifle Brigade Hotel: r Tho playera, however, took matters very cooly, and let "the youngsters-hoot. ~ Mortality Amongst Gattle.—A mob of 125 young cattle,' belonging to Mr. J. N. M'Artluir, M.L. Al, -, of after running in a paddock. with but little grass, wore turned . into/another paddock in which there was a good-groirth : of .rank herbage,' principally' Oapd weed; ’ Within a few hours no fewer than 95'; of them were dead, and tho reraaming'‘3o showed symp toms similar to those'dr'the-beasts that succumbed, rlt is supposed ..that, the ani mals having before renioval been .fed with hay, it -was the. sudden change from dry to green fodder which .’ proved fatal to them. Fifty of tlio- animals wore, four ycar-ohl bullocks, and Mr. M‘Arthur an ticijiated that .before tho end; of the year they would be worth £lO per head.^ Exuumixo a School the Greawick Courjb on Tuesday, Mr, Joliias, 'P.M.; held‘aii inquiry 'into the- death of the little ; girl M'Henxy,. who, ', it was al leged, died from the effects of punishment inflicted by Miss Kate. Cullen; a teacher at tho local ,school.- Messrs. J. Tromearno, M.R.C.S:, ‘ and Pinnock, M.8., - made an autopsy, and found that the [cause of death was due to enteritis and peritonitis, and was hot in any way duo to external vio lence, as had-been alleged. The result of. tlioir examination was .quite in accord with tho certificate of death given by Dr. Thos. A.: Wilson, who attended- the child during her, illness, and* who stated at the outset ; that the condition arose, from. natural .causes, and was not in any way connected with tho.allcged- assault on the.child by the tearher. ■ - ' : ■ . r . - Irishtown Jhbilbe. Hael.—There was (says* a correspondent); a good attendance at the temperance meeting at Jubilee Hah, liii'htown, on Tuesday evening.- 'The Rev. Mr; Taylor presided, ‘ and songs wore ren dered by Mr.’ W. -Mbls and. Mr. Borloy ; : ; hiets by Mri* -Davies and: Brown, LiddeU and ;Dower.; a reoifcatvon.by Miss. r^f^b^a-Ahalbguo, ichil-- dren*,and Misses -Fasham, Wilkinson, Car ter ’and Houghton ; mouth organ , duet by Mossrs. W. and J. Watoratone, and violin solo .by Miss Friswelh “The Farm Song’’ by the was highly appreciated. M sp M. Diddoll presided . at the organ, a*.d 'the : tdTtt' *closb: wfh; the National; Anthem.' > J-*.. f ‘ ,; • Xhl Fris'well; ; Con® - con-' r'er;,,-for- tho •behofit; of- ’Friswell,., who has, been in ’’il]-.a '• ’ jrast,; and’ who,as /So^wtfii'jlmOwir-m'^iusical; hritllo Ma '«> »i!,ih Hall .v©xjC> ’• : of .tlio' -coin--, ui *l l eb ‘ having been desoirvediy - well fer. in the right in .mini b'c# haying sbld irreaptotiye; of those ! used oyohing. /About, haif paBV'7/o’6lock thb^^'fi^brigades^Ji^^'fby. '.ho Miners’. Brqss. Bahfi;;forced' a ijjroceis-: ♦ ion and-thus.. inutoriallyL. aided-h adding "to the/iattbhfl!-;■ i oi t > :p^<>o^raa£aieX' .vere> Mstrsfiafi,! ; Tom ‘ J^rgotfis; p “>Q:Sblpniqn;,!; add ■ h Gorman, Bradley,;: : J> ‘ . iPeny-- his BkiU in club ; BWiE^gtapd':^^d^^ :T|in)g.. r (The;;B¥^igb^W^^ hi P^.: Pill rsqn was« |ucc • j-cauaefl a.ifi- Mr.;Vtn fatT innhiier!,’ Mta/LavA™^also octiiig w accompanist At the. conclusion of the. fjvttfTtainuicnfc "a „ dance was . held, nfc whiob 0, Ittrgo mimhbr afctcnded. , ( * FROM WhIOH DIRECTION?—TllO pOBBi hillfcy of a raining man, ever reaching Heaven has frcquoiit)y,' boon argued, by- those whoso abaroB havostcadily recoded in Iho market, but lodicni’-a company‘director himsol (ques tion bl« chairman's chniioo; of salvation - Is certainly uriiqud, Yet (it'’v lost Friday’s meet? iug of (lie Lord Nelson North Gold Mining Company Mr. T. Baker, h member of the board, Wa»’ actually audacious enough to do The Horn John A. Wallace, tlio chairman ot diroctora, had Just explained the reason of tho hIosv progress in sinking, andromarkod that'iii another mind belongmgtb him. there was 3000ft of Bliaft beforo . ihoni, y et •during tlio post month oijly ;20ft ; had boon, sunjt, rate, you'llbc pretty;, old; by. tlio tlmo yoa bottom,f observed Mr, Baker. YcS,’’. muked tho'chairman; bT’li:T)d looking down on them.” Mr, Baker 8niilcd;; ‘‘Gris it up?” ho inquiroa blandly; gauging .Mr,, Wallace to • immediately; ftbandoiuairy porslfbigoftnd return to the busi ndss.of tjio mdoltng/,., Sledge Nuisanob-—Mr. ■ -w. Honoybone, town ol.orlq has rodoivod tbd long looked,ipr specifications,,plans, .etc,;: in eouncotidn.,-with tlio Bludgo nuisonoo, which have been prepared by-MriC.-E. Map to; GJ5., at Ihb request of tho'cdiincils interested; Tlicy'AvillboednBidorcd atasoarlya dalo au possible, • . ' A Novel. Competition.—With this morn- Ing’s dssuo will bo; found a circular ; from Williams, “ Tlio ; Spot Cosh ShoomeD,” an nouncing a grand Competition in advertisement writing. They olforto givotwb prizes, valued £2 2a and £1 Ts'respectively, to tlio persons wiio BOrtd in tbd best, advertisements extolling tbd virtues of tholr fooUgoar.. As. their chief advertising export (Mr. Frank Williams),is on the world they ' find a difficulty In finding phraseology fitting ; to the merits of their goods. The advertisements must bo .written to occupy .spaed of four inobcs single* column of. a newspaper, Messrs, Q. Maokay ond;j. W. Fouloro to adjudicate, And tlieiy\dooi«ion‘will bo‘final, - , - ,. UWXTBD TK&iPBUANOB; COONOIL.— The mrst meeting of the now ly-ol cotcd council whs Hold in tho Temperance mil, last evening, Mr, W. Qard in the chair, Tlio annual report ntul balance sheet wore- received and - adopted, and a rote of thanks. passed: to tlio retiring officers, N.ow officers .wore elected as follo ws Mr. John Liitld, president; Messrs. J. T. Clough and W. Garu,. vice-presidents 5, Mr, W. secretary and treasurer; and ;MVvE. ;J, Hooking, minute- soeivlurv j execu tive'commiUeo, the officers and Mi'. C. lVn*y. A vote of llmuks was passed to llov A. B.Rofc, ' who is about to leave Bendigo, for'(he excellent service ho has rendqidd the «*qiu»ti); (Of whioh ho is an ox-president) n.:d the Icunpenmcc cause during his residence in this city. The execu tive committee was instructed to hold public meetings, at Long Gully and Specimen Hill during the monthj and to obtain information ns to tho number of Sunday schools in tho district having Band of Hopes connected, with them, with n -view to increased activity amongst the young. ; A Christian’s Protest.—The party of Greek refugees reached Ararat on Mondny night by train from Stawoll. They camped on the web ground-in the open near die railway station, but; next day an Italian, gentleman culled oh tlio mayor and protested against Christians being accorded, so little sympathy, 1 One of the wonjcit is ill, and ho scoured atten tion for her, and has rented an. empty store near .the Chinese camp, for the shelter of tho party. If the sick woman is. fit, it is stated they’will continue their, journey on. Thursday to Geelong. SeriodsBugoy Accident.—Yesterday attor noon an unfortunate accident occurred at tho corner of Grattan and Arnold streets. Mrs. Lowndes, wife of Mr. A. Lowndes, of Axe Crook, and sister of Mrs, Chamberlain, wife of Mr. Chamberlain, -of-the firm of Pritchard and Chamberlain, brewers, was on a. visit to her sister. She was driving Mr.. Chamf borlain’s phaeton when tho . horse bolted in tlio direction of Grattan street. Being an experienced driver, she thought ft best to turn- tlio horse into Grattan street to face tho hill, but unfortunately it book too short, a turn and ran into tlio gutter which at that place is rather roughly constructed. The horse fell, and the huger was overturned.‘ The oc cupants (Mrs. Lowndes and a young daughtor of Mi-s. Chamberlain) were (brown heavily to the ground. Mrs. Lowndes, who was severely bruised, was convoyed at once to -Mr. Cham berlain’s residence; .Fortunately no bones wore broken, and Pr. Cook is of opinion that though she is at present suffering acutely from tho bruises and shook -to the system she will bo able to be- about again - in a few days. Miss Chamberlain was more fortu nate, and after the accident was able to return homo by herself, her injuries being; confined to two bhiisc's and'-AbTasionS. ' The horse .was so badly injured that it bad to be shot The buggy was also smashed up, but not beyond repair. It is oxceedingly fortunato that tlio ac cident was not attended with more serious con sequences.. , The “.JKoh-I-Nhe-.” is tho title,; of a;.now shilling monthly; magazine issued: from the Botolpb press", Loudon., Ibis printed bni a very beautiful kind of paper called Wrigloy’s motal 1 lie art paper,.but tho.mattor printoais mOdioerq and the subjects -thrcadrbnro-and - common jil'aco—such as tho diamond, tea planting in , Assam, an alleged story of the al leged Eureka riot which was squolohcd in five minutes, and,a ghost story. \- Alice Young, aged 8 years, admi tted to tho hospital oh Tuesday, suffering from diphtheria, died yesterday. - . ' . , Children’s Ward.—A -meeting of the com mitted will bo hold at the town .ball,this after noon at 4 o’clock. After .business, Pr. Penfold wi)l entertain the committee at afternoon tea. . Choral Society,—Tho-Masonic Hall on Friday night should attract, a largo number 'of Bendigoniahs, when a .vocal and instrumental, concert will bo given by ;thd Bendigo Society, in nid of the Dorcas Society. > As Uiis is a charitable effort, and the first’appearance of Society,-a good attendance is ex pected. ,. .. . ' ‘ To-day, at 1.30 o’clock, Mr,. J. H. Gurnow will sell;- at his View, street .auction rooms, a i lumber.of buggies, carts,.gigs, and Iipracs; also at 3 o’clock a vacant.freehblu allotment situated at tbe of Thunder and Bakewoll streets, close to the Tyson’s Reef Gb.’s mind. At the-Victoria HoUd, on Saturday, August 13; Mcssi*s. John Walsdn-ond Co, will soli 70 acres 'of • first-class agricultural, and - grazing land; at Ldanccoorie, under instructions from Mcssra, J. and N. Giglis. 