CHURCH NEWS. PAUL'S BICENTENARY CELE BRATION December 23rd was (remarks the London Daily Telegraph) a red-letter day in the annals of British Freemasonry, which gathered together in its thousands to cele- brate the two-hundredth anniversary of the opening of the national Cathedral, and to commemorate one of its greatest and noblest craftsmen, the ambitious architect who endeavoured to build not for a time, but "for eternity." Two hundred and thirty-one years have elapsed since its immediate predecessor, having been pro- faned by civil war, was purged by fire, and exactly two centuries since Bishop Compton preached the sermon of inaugu j ration in the unfinished church raised by Sir Christopher Wren upon the ruins of Pagan and Christian temples. And Sir I Christopher Wren, " this prodigy of uni- versal science," as Evelyn calls him, was in every sense of the word a true master-mason. He lived in a period of transition on the eve of the new era, and his every work was a triumph over the pettiness of the present, and a noble heritage and bright prophecy for the future. Freemasonry itself, whose origin is lost in the grey, misty dawn of history, was, like all thinga else, under- going a change. The genial old craftsmen who had reared aloft such stately piles as Cologne and Strasburg, and whose curious marks and ciphers are now being daily brought to light, finding it impossible to communicate the complicated rules of architectural art to all who desired to master them, had admitted to their society " accepted masons," who sought to translate into spiritual language and apply to ethics and clean living the principles which had theretofore guided the triangle, the square, and the compass. This was the beginning of Freemasonry in its modern forms, and Wren worthily united both aspects of the craft in hs own person. 'King William UL, who intended to be present at the opening of St. Paul's, on December 2,1697, was himself affiliated to the order,' on whose rolls since then the names of the greatest and noblest of the makers of England and Great Britain have conspicuously figured. Hence the appro- priate form of a Masonic ceremony which this bicentenary assumed. . ' Over five thousand members of the craft, and three hundred grand officers- repre- sentative men from all parts of England and of the Empire-were invited to be present. The tickets issued were in excess of the number who, it was expected, would really come, but these expectations proved delusive. For it is not every day that such ah imposing sight can be witnessed, and from two o'clock members of the order, 4 carrying black or yellow bags, containing their craft clothing, flocked from the furthest ends of the Empire to the vari- ous entrances of St. Paul's in a never-end- ing stream. The arrangements for the reception of these vast throngs proved in- adequate, and the portals opened and closed upon small batches, while large crowds had ito possess their souls in patience and their (bodies in a very low temperature on the {sidewalk and in the streets. Archdeacon Sinclair, in a letter to the representatives j «of the Press, expresses his "most sincere, humble, and heartfelt apologies" to all ¡who were refused admission, and gives ja clear and satisfactory explanation ¡of the circumstances which led po this 'painful incident. " Indoors," he truly ladds, "the greatest decorum prevailed,'as it always would among a body of Free-, ¡masons." And the spectacle within was {certainly one of the most picturesque and imposing ever beheld within the precincts ;of the Cathedral. AU sorts and condi- tions of men filled the church-eminent 'ecclesiastics, well-known statesmen, gal jlant officers of the Army and Navy, eloquent members of Parliament, of the Bench and the Bar, fashionable physicians, popular actors, University dons, Colonial celebrities, and journalists. Lord George Hamilton (Provincial Grand Master for Middlesex), Sir John Gorst, the Earl of Portarlington, and the Lord Mayor of London occupied seats near the pulpit. All the galleries were filled with ladies, whose hats, feathers, and ribbons wore visible above the scaffolding in various parts of the church. The service was solomn and impressive, well worthy of tho vast historic 6hrino in which it was celebrated, worthy of tho genial master Mason who reared it aloft above tho narrow streets and crooked lanes of busy London, and worthy of tho ancient order which has successfully Btrivon to solve old death-bolted mysteries, and to spiritualise Wron's art, and thrash to BOIUO useful purpose Time's neglected sheaveB of truth. At 3.25 the Lord ?Mayor and Sheriffs entered, and were con- ducted lo their seats by th© Masonic blficers, whereupon a thrilling processional fliymu was performed on tho organ by Ih'other Sir George Martin, assisted by .Brothel' Smith, graud organist of tho lorder. As the long lineB of Free and Ac- cepted Masons, ecclesiastical, Academical, political, naval and military, slowly pissed up tho church, it needed but a slight effort of the imagination to see the dust-covered shapes of the glorious past rise up from the " lampless void of eternal silence," and ] talco flesh again in that solemn assembly, transforming it into a veritable British j Pantheon. Tho Cathedral was filled with a dreamy, hazy light, athwart which all the curious mediceval shapes aud unwonted forms of flowing robeB, bedecked with glittering jewels, appeared with a poetic softness which no mero words can adequately describe. Tho marvel- lous blending of hues and colours whs unspeakably perfect, and imparted au.ilUlsion to the scene which fascinated tlio eye and fired the imagination. Hera a member of tho House of Peera sat, solemn and sedate, there a Provisional Grand Master, with a large oval head aud floging beard, and thea a venerable eccle- siastic would move slowly up the isle, his broad chest covered with quaint scrolls and mystic symbols. And these wero but a few of the shadows of the long-forgotten past evoked by that remarkable congrega- tion, whose craft, clothing, and quaint badges suggested the ghosts of old beliefs. A very appropriate sermon was preached by the Lord Bishop of London, which had a telling effect upon the collection, the pro- ceeds of which ara to be devoted to the completion of Wren's work by mosaics, for which ¿6100,000 are needed. The psalms and hymns, which were chanted, the sermon preached, and the entire service from beginning to end, all tended to inculcate the ona great truth which has remained unchanged throughout the centuries from the day when Solomon's Temple was first opened down to the present moment, and which is the true corner-stone of Freemasonry O brattier ! fold to thy heart thy brother ; Whe:-e pity dwells the peace of God is there; To worship rightly is t3 love each other, Each smile a hy'mi, each kindly deel a prayer. 