HOLY 'WEEK AT ' | THE CATHEDRAL. . ' ? ' ? ; — & ? : — ; — THE CARDINAL'S EASTER SUNDAY DISCOURSE. Thb Holy W eek ceremonies at St. Mary s Cathe ?dral were outlined in last week's Frebman. Although the hour of commencement, half -past 8, on Holy Thursday, Go od Friday, and Holy Satur day was early in comparison -with old timeu in Sydney, it is a great satisfaction to place on record that all the congregations were very large. On Good Friday the Cathedral was crowded morning and evening, and so it was on the three nights of the Tenebrse. The Cardinal- Archbishop officiated on Holy Thursday and Good Friday, and the Rev, -Father Whyte on Holy Saturday. His Eminence presided each night at the Tenebrse, The Holy. 'Week preachers were Rev. M. Tierney, M.S.H. (Thursday evening), Rev. Father Lynch, S.J (Good Fri.-day morning), Very Rev. P. Le Renne tel,' S.M.. (Good Friday evening). ? ; GOOD FRIDAY. The Cathedral was crowded, and many hundreds '' stood .?'patiently throughout the long ceremonial. The assisting priests in the Mass of the Pre 'Sanctified were the Very Rev. Dr. Murphy, as sistant priest ; Rev. Mr. King, deacon ; Rev, Mr. Morris, sub-deacon ; masters of csremonies, Rev. Mr. Bergin and Rev. Mr. Norris. In the sanc tuary were the Very Rev, Dr. Carroll, V.G., Rev. Father Lynch, S.J., Rev. Father Phelan, Rev. [Father Whyte, Rev. Father Cregan, Rev. Father Baush. Rev. Father O' Gorman, and Rev. A. Crinisty, S.M. All the Manly ecclesiastical ?students were present. At the Adoration of the ?Cross nearly all the faithful, two by two, ascended the sanctuary steps and reverently kissed the crucifix which had been placed in front of the High Altar. Those who did not perform the solemn act of reverence in this manner kissed the ?cross in the Lady Chapel at the rear of the High Altar and at the sanctuary rails. The Passion, ac cording to St. John was sung by the Right Rev. Monsignor O'Brien, the Rev. P. G. Birch, O.S.F., and the Rev, M. Flemming, of St. Benedict's. About one hundred sailors from the British war ships were accommodated in the western aisle. The choir music — all unaccompanied, of course — was Gregorian, with the exception of the ' Responses' in the Passion, the music by Vittoria being then used. The chief choir chanters during the Adora tion of the Cross were Mr. W. P. O'Halloran and Mr. J. A. Delany. In the procession of the Sacred Heart from the superbly- decorated ' Sepulchre ' to the sanctuary the noble hymn, ' Vexilla Regis' \- , was sung by the Manly students. In the after- ; noon the faithful in large numbers attended the j ?Stations of the Cross. j EASTBR SUNDAY. It was a glorious morning, and the Cathedral was a centre of religious fervour from the early Masses to the close of the thrilling 'Hallelujah' just on one o clock, when the huge building vibrated to Beethoven's soul-lifting music. The Cardinal- j Archbishop presided at the High. Mass. Father j Phelan was the celebrant of the High Mass, and two i students from St. Patrick's College, Manly, Rev. i Mr. Masterson and Rev. Mr. John Meagher, were j deacon and sub-deaconl respectively. The Very ! Rev. Dr. Murphy, the Rev. P. C. Cregan, the Rev. | P. Baugh, and the Rev. J. Whyte assisted in the I ceremonies. All the Manly students were present, j The young lady boarders from St. Vincent's Col- j lege1 had seats reserved for them in the Western j aisle. The music was more than usually brilliant, j With Mr. J. A. Delany conducting, Mr. Ernest jj Truman at the organ, and Mr. W. Rice leading the speeially-engaged orchestra, Haydn's Sixteenth Mass was excellently rendered. Mrs, Tierney, Miss Stafford, Mr. Percy Shannon, Mr. D. Clancy, and Mr. W. P. O'Halloran sang the solos and con certed parts. At the Ofiertory Mr. Philip New „ bury, supported by chorus, organ and orchestra, s;ave with broad style and noble spirit Zinga relli's 'Laudate.' It was a splendid piece of true ' cathedral ' singing. After Mass the whole of the chojr forces joined in the ' Hallelujah' from Beethoven's 'Mount of Olives,' a,nd while the ecclesiastical pageant passed from the sanctuary to thesacri&ty; Mr. Truman played Meyerbeer's ' Coronation March.' ? THE . CAKDINAl/S DISCOURSE. . His Eminence, after reading the Gospel of the Day, said: — We see that Our Blessed Lord in His ? . sacred humanity suffered death that He might con quer'death; It was recorded in prophecy, and registered by the officers of Imperial Rome, that on the third day Our Lord would rise from the dead. Soldiers guarded the sepulchre — four veterans of the Imperial Army— -and the High Priest of the Jews set his own seal on the mouth of the tomb, so that it would be impossible to steal 'the remains. It was thus the power of man plaoed itself against the power of God. . But, as Our Lord Himself had foretold, on the third day He came forth from the tomb arrayed in all the splendour of His Divine glory. It was not the triumph of a day, not the triumph of a year ; it was a triumph which was to abide with us as our inheritance for ever more In this triumph we find the source of true heavenly joy on earth ; of all true peace, and happiness, and blessedness. It is the heritage of every faithful Christian soul — the eternal pledge of God's love and mercy. The Redeemer arises from the tomb to teach us that we may arise from spiritual death— from the tomb of sin — that we may come forth from darkness and corruption to the light of Heaven. Coming forth from the grave Our Lord retains the insignia of His sacred wounds. On uaivary uur uivme oaviour naa orxerea tne Jtioio caust of His thrice-blessed blood. We must ask the angels who rolled away the stone from the tomb why was it that Our Lord came forth bearing the sacred insignia of His suffering on the cross ? Why was it that Our Lord «till bore the eruel nail marks on Hia sacred hands and feet, and the spear wound in His side? The angels would tell us that it was because our names are written in those sacred wounds/ In the insignia of His Passion and Death, . Our Saviour teaches us that He died for us;that He died that we might have everlasting life. As the Apostle tello us, it was not for the human family generally that Our Lord died and triumphed over \- - death, but for each, one of us. Truly each one' of iis might nay, ' He died for me; He died for love of me ; He arose from the dead in His love for me !' The wounds ofOurLord.atfirstthesymbolof agony, o£ Buiffiefrthg, and of humiliation, became in His ?gloicious Resurrection the symbol of heavenly peace and of everlasting triumph. In those sacred wounds our names are written, and with our names the Divine promise that one day we shall be par takers of the splendours of His heavenly Kingdom. Those wounds open the way to the Sacred Heart, and from that furnace of Divine love it is the wish of Our Lord that the flames of His Divine love should be enkindled in every heart. The Sacred Heart imparts its sacred fire and its sacred flame to the hearts of all who love God and seek to serve Him. The Sacred Heart is the treasurySJof all j the graces and blessings purchased by the Holo caust of Calvary. That treasury is not sealed against us, The spear of the soldier piercing the side of Our Saviour on the cross opened to us, though God's mercy, all the treasures of Divine love and Divine compassion, Then when Our Lord arose from the grave it was a triumph for each one of us, So, too, it was a triumph of Holy Church. To His chosen Apostles Our Saviour said : 'Fear not ; I have conquered the world.' In this we have the word of God that He would be ever with His Chosen Spouse. In storm and persecution, in trial and in suffering, in conflict and in conquest, He would be ever with His Church. For three centuries the martyrs of Holy Faith were ever, so to speak, on the battlefield. Their battle-cry was a joyous song of victory ; a song of joy and a song of triumph; for they knew Our Lord had risen from the tomb. The Roman emperors sought to stamp out Christianity, and with it the very name of Christian. It seemed, then, that the Church was extinguished, the Christian name blotted out. It was while monu ments were being set up with the record that the Christian name was no more that the time wbb chosen by Providence for the triumph of Holy Church. In its triumph the Church enters the house of the Caesars, and the cross is set imperish ably in the diadem of Imperial Rome. Then came the barbarian invasion. These barbarians came in swarms from the North and threatened to override and devastate all Europe. It would seem as if the Church were again to be driven back to the Cata combs, to be, in fact, consigned to the tomb. But the Church went forth to meet these b arbarians, subdued them, not by force of arms, but by benedictions, by words of love, and the power of Holy Truth, and these barbarians — embracing the standard of the Cross, became the noblest nations of Christendom, receiving and retaining all the blessings with which Our Lord had enriched His Spouse, the Church. So it was from age to age. At the end of the last century it seemed as if Infidelity was about to sup plant the Christian faith — that the Goddess of Reason was to be enthroned on the altar — that the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass was to be no more. To day what do we find? Is that triumph of Infidelity j sustained ? No ! To-day the leaders of human I thought declare that the followers of those false teachers in science and morality are bankrupt and discredited—the organization which was to rule the world nothing but an empty name. On the other hand, what io the position of Holy Church to-day i We imcl her missions spreading out as, ! perhaps, never before in her history— spreading light and beneficence in every land. It is a glorious spiritual triumph. If we ask v/hy is thin ? . and how is this ? we must go back to the angels at the sepulchre. We may hear the angel voices telling us ' Our Lord has risen,' and we may hear, too, the words of Our Lord Himself, 'Fear not ; I have conquered the world.' The triumph of Holy Church is perpetuated intjevery age, and will be to the end of time. So, too, the triumph of Our Saviour's Resurrection is perpetuated in every Christian soul, in the soul of every poor repentant sinner, in the soul of everyone led from the gloom of error into the true light, in the soul of everyone who tried by sorrow and affliction turns to God tor help. ihe liesurrection v/as tor the comfort and consolation of hnmanity. If we wish to know who in a special way Our Saviour thus comforted we must go to the angels of the Sepulchre. They will tell us that it was St. Peter, the head and Chief Pastor of the Church Divinely founded. After Our Lord had arisen from the dead, He showed Himself to His Apostles for the third time. Addressing Simon Peter, Our Lord asked him, ' Lovest thou me?' The chosen Apostle, knowing his weakness, wept and sought pardon from his Divine Master. Then it was that Our Lord, imparting His own Divine strength and His own Divine love, made St. Peter His visible representative on earth, giving to him the charge of the flock and the keys of the kingdom of Heaven. And who it is that Our IiOrd selects- as the messenger who was to carry the glad tidings of His Resurrection even to His chosen disciples ? It was the humble pentinent, Magdalene. It was to her, the type of our ? poor fallen nature raised to grace and blessedness by faith and contrition, that Our Lord first revealed Himself in the glory of the Resurrec tion. In this we are taught that the triumph of the Risen Saviour is in a special way the heritage of all poor repentant sinners. Our Lord breathed upon His chosen Apostles ; imparted to them the spirit of the Holy Ghost, and the abiding blessings of peace. He said to them, ' Receive ye the Holy Ghost ; whose sins you shall forgive, they are forgiven them ; and whose sins you shall retain, they are retained.' Again addressing the Apostles, Our Lord said,' All power is given to Me in Heaven and in earth. Go ye, therefore, and teach all nations ; baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you ; and behold I am with you all days, even to the consummation of the world.' Here we have the warrant and commission of the Apostles and their successors — the Bishops and the priests of the Church — to teach all nations, and in struct them in all truths. Here, too, we have the Divine promise of Our Lord that he would be with His Church to the end of the world. He gave to them and to all of us the Heavenly peace that the world cannot give ; the peace the world cannot rob us of. It is Our Saviour Himself who perpetuates this blessing of peace and forgive ness. It is a blessing open to all poor souls struggling in heresy and stumbling blindly in the darkness of unbelief. In St. Thomas — one of the_ chosen Twelve— we have the type and symbol of' those who doubt. In the Gospel of St. John we read that St. Thomas was not with the other Apostles when Our Lord appeared amongst them. I This Apostle was in doubt. ' Except I shall see in I His hands the print of the nails, and put my finger | into His side, I will riot believe.' When Our Lord again appeared, He gentljr rebuked the doubting one, saying, ' Put in thy finger hither, and see My hands, and bring hither thy hand and put it into My side, and be not incredulous, but be faithful.' St. Thomas cried out, ' My Lord and my God.' Our Lord, teaching a lesson for all time, replied, ' Because thou hast seen Me, Thomas, thou hast believed; blessed are they that have not seen, and have believed.' How many there are of poor sinful souls who doubt the power, and the wisdom, and the love of God. They should cry out : ' My Lord and my God, I do believe.' The Apostle of old, when the burden of doubt was flung aside, became a champion of the faith and a herald of the Truth. When' we believe and trust in God, we do not place fetters on our selves ; we bend not our necks to slavery, but stand erect in the radiance of Heavenly grace and happi ness. Amid all the sorrows of life, amidall its distractions, all its disappointments, there is ever to be found strength and consolation if we but turn our thoughts to the Resurrection of Our Lord. We must bear in mind that our whole life here is but a pilgrimage to the Eternal Home, where, if we are faithful, we shall be associated for ever in the splendours of Our Lord in His Risen Glory. The splendour of Our Risen Saviour is our common heritage ; no power can rob us of it. Walking in the Commandments of God during our brief pil grimage, we shall one day arise and be united with those faithful souls we loved on earth, and who have passed awny. They are not dead ; they but sleep, and they shall be awakened to the glories of Para dise. Each one of us may repeat, as the outpouring of our heart, the words of the inspired Writer : 'I know that my Redeemer liveth, and that He shall stand at the last dav in Judgment, and though this body find corruption I shall arise, and in my flesh, and I shall see my Saviour.' This would be the final triumph of Our Saviour's love and mercy. These Easter days Holy Church sets apart for joy ous thoughts and Christian hopes. We are re minded in a special way that it was in His infinite love for us that Our Saviour rose in glory from the gxave. On the last Easter Day of eternal triumph we shall all arise from death. May the heavenly reward be the portion of each one of us. Then we, resplendent with glory, shall be associated with all who have loved God, and we shall minple with the choirs of angels and of saints for all eternity ; chant ing for evermore the joyous Hallelujah. 