A DETECTIVE STORY. BY LAwRENCE L. LYsCH, Author of ' No Proof," "Moina," &e.; Published by special arrangement with fessrs. Ward, Lock 4 Co., Ltd. [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] CHAPTER XI. DETAILS. During the day that followed the dis coveries in Mrs Fry's upper chamber, Mr Ferrars did a variety of things that sur prised the brother of Charles Brierly; yes, and the doctor as well, and he said some things that seemed quite incompre hensible. For the detective was some what given to half-uttered soliloquy when he knew himself among "safe" people, and could therefore afford to relax his guard. Likewise he failed to say the things which Brierly, at least, expected, and much desired to hear. His first movement after the three had breakfasted, was to ask for the keys of the bers, for they had been t]oeasos oe f ?d F and t o d cottage tiously in t. atthefootoft Tis by se doctor. "I want to spend another half-hour in those rooms," hlie said. "and to so leave them that I shall know at once if a human foot has so much as crossed the thres hold." This was all the explanation he chose to make then or upon his return. Indeed, when he came back-he spent all of the remaining time until high noon smoking alone upon the doctor's neat lawn and along the shady side of the house, excusing himself and guarding against possible intrusion by remarking that he felt the need of a little solitary self-communion. At luncheon the question of the burial was discussed, and afterward Brierly announced his intentions to call upon Miss Grant, if the doctor thought her able to receive him. " I have told Mrs Marcy to keep the gossias out," Doctor Barnes said gravely, " she's too sensitive, Miss Grant I mean, to hear unfeeling or curious discussions of the case. But a friend who is in sym pathy-tlhat's another thing. She'll be better with such company than alone." When Brierly had set out, the detec tive threw away his after-dinner cigar. " Were you called to see the little lady who was taken ill here yesterday, after the close of the inquest 1" he asked care lessly. " I forgot to inquire, in my desire to keep Brierly occupied." The doctor shook his head. " I fancy she only needed time to recover from her gruesome position. It was a blunder, putting her in plain sight of that shrouded corpse. Those little blue-eyed women are masses of nerves and fine sensibilities -often. I don't see how it came about." " "f you mean the ' blunder' of putting those ladies where they were, it was I who blundered. I arranged to place them there." "You !" the doctor's eyes opened wide in astonishment. " Then I retract. It was I who have ,blundered." " Um-I am not so sure," Ferrars re plied slowly, and then the subject as by mutual consent was ignored between them. Ferrars, who seemed for the time 1 at least to have done his thinking, wrote then prepared to go out. " I asked permission to call and inquire after Mrs Jamieson's health, yesterday," he said to the doctor, " and as she has not required your services she may be able to receive me now." " There is another Esculapius in Glen ville," reminded Doctor "arnes. " So I have heard ; but the lady is a person of good taste. She would have called you in if any one." He bowed and went out with a gleam of humor in his eyes " It's sometimes hard to guess what Ferrars means when he speaks with that queer look and tone," mused the doctor. "And who would have thought he would care or think of a formal call like this just now I And yet, that little woman is pretty enough to attract a man, I'm sure; and a detective may be as sus ceptible, I suppose, as another.' Ferrars waited for a few moments in the reception room of the Glenville House, and was then conducted to the pretty suite occupied by iMrs Jamieson. He found her half 'eclining in a :ong, low chair, with her friend, Mrs Arthur, still in attendance. She wore a soft, loose robe of black, with bi lowy gauze like ruffles, and floating ribbons of the same sable hue, relieved only by a knot of purple wood violets at her throat. Her face was very pale and her eyes, with their changing lights of greyish green and glinting blue, looking larger and deeper than usual because of the dark shadows beneath them, and the waves of her plentiful fair hair falling low and loose upon her frehead She welcomed her visitor with a faint half smile, and thanked him again for his kindness of the previous day. She blamed herself for her want of nerve and courage. She inquired after Miss Grant, and ex pressed her sympathy for the bereaved girl, and her desire to see her again, to know her, and serve her if possible; she had shown herself so brave, yet so womanly that day-and then the little lady told of her encounter with MIliss Grant in the unfortunate character of messenger or bearer of bad news. She was glad. there would be no lack of staunch friends, to support the sweet. gtrtin hir-time of nees.disd.troubleL and she finished by sending a pretty mes sage to Hilda, and then without further question or comment concerniig the mur der or the progress of the case, she let the talk sliu into the hands of her friend, and leaned baee in her chair like one too weak for further effort, seeing which Ferrars soon withdrew. "You wil not consider this an ex ample of my usual hospitality, I trust," Mrs Jamieson said, as he bent over her chair to say farewell. "I fear I was not wise in refusing to let them call a physician, but I do dread being in the hands of a doctor. I shall be pleased to hear how this sad case progresses, Mr Grant, and by the bye has anything new occurred lince the inquest ? Any new witnesses or discoveries of any sort 1" But Ferrars shook his .head.' and murmuring something about time being short, and not taxing her good nature and strength~ further,' he ';bowed low, and went away. "It's very good of her," 'he mused, as he went,-"to take .?uh kindly-into -t in my supposed relative, Mris. Grant. But she certainly showed scant interest in the chief actor in the drama, my friend Irierly." The candles had just been lighted that eveiiingandtFerrarmsas. once more wait ming at the doctor's dest, while Brierly, pale and hearvy-eyed, lounged by the long wipdow near, when ,Doctor Barnes came in, iat in liand. - "As you felt some interest in Mrs Jamieson's selection of a physician this morning," the latter said, " I will"'.fomri you that I have just been summoned tc see that lady, professionally, of course,' he added, as if by an afterthought, anc smiling slightly. " Thank you. Mrs Jamieson has vin. dicated my belief in her good judgment,'" replied Ferrars, and then he whee'ed about in his chair, and put out a detaining hand. " Don't think I doubt your reserve, doctor," he went on, " when I ask you to avoid or evade, if needful, any discussion of this affair of ours. That is, avoid giving any information, be it ever so trivial" He shot a quick glance toward fPrierly, and met the doctor's eje for one swift, momentary glance. " My visit will be purely professional, and doubtless brief," was the reply, as the speaker passed from the room, and Fer rars smiled, knowing that his friend understood the meaning behind the half jesting words. A moment later Robert Brierly arose, yawned, and crossed the room to take up his hat. "This inaction is horrible," he said, drearily. " I must get out. I wish I had walked down with Barnes. Won't you come out with me, Mr Ferrars ?" The detective dipped his pen in the sand-box, and arose quickly. Then when he had found his hat, and had lowered the light over the writing table, he put a hand upon the other's shoulder. hrierly," he said, and there was a world of sympathy, as well as complete under standing in his tone. " But first, I want to ask you to show yourself as little as possible upon the streets, for a few days to come at least, and then only in the company of the doctor or myself, and not to go out evenings at all unless simi larly attended. It will be irksome, I know, but I believe it important, and I must ask this of you, too, without ex planation, for the present at least" The young man looked at him for a moment, earnestly and in silence. " Do you ask this for reasons personal to myself, or because it, seems to you to be for the interest of the investigation ?" he asked slowly. Ferrars smiled. " You're as able to take care of yourself as any man I know, Brierly," he said, with frank conviction. " It's for the interest of the case that we -and especially you-keep ourselves as much aloof as possible from questions and curiosity. There is another reason which I cannot give just yet." " As you will. I have put myself and my brother's vindication in your hands, UIr Ferrars, and I shall do nothing, be sure, to hinder sour progress." As they passed out Brierly paused under the sha low of the porch. " May I ask if you have put the same embargo upon Miss 3rant ?" he questioned. " I have, yes. Glenville must know what we wish it to know, and not a syl able more." "Ah ! I like that." " Because it sounds as if you had really ound the end of your thread here." " Oh. yes. The beginning is here. got of the case, mind ; only of the clues. But heaven only knows where it may lead is before we find the end." " What matters ?" said the brother of iharles Brierly, with a heavy sigh, " o ong as it brings us to the truth !" On tho fourth "day after Charles Brierly's untimely death his body was taken to the city and laid beside his parents in the beautiful cemetery, where love and grief had already prepared for ewe o- te o-ur-iatuha - o-Un ,.. ben ahead, and a crowd of friedds had assem bled at the home of their father's oldest friend and family lawyer, where the body aas received as that of a son, and the last rites of affection and respect were performed by the venerable rector who had seen the brothers grow from boys to men. Doctor Barnes and Hilda Grant, with Mrs Marcy as chaperone, accompanied the sad-hearted brother upon this jour ney, and they were some-that surprised when Ferrars, whom they had thought must go with them in his character of sole relative to the young lady, explained that his presence in Glenville just then was essential to the success of the work he had been called there to do. '" There are so many little things which I want to learn," he said. "In fact, I must know Glenville much better before I can go far in my search an'd during your absence I can find the time for making many new acquaintances, and I mean to begin by cultivating your friend Doran, doctor." They were gone three days, and when they returned they were but` a party of three.- "Poor Charlie Brierly," as his friends in the city had already begun to call the dead, lay in his last quiet earthly home, and Robert had remained in the city. "To settle up his brother's affairs, and put the matter of his death into the hands of the detectives." At least this is what MIr Doran informed one of the loungers who, seeing the return of the doctor and the two ladies, had remarked upon Brierly's absence. " Of course he'll have to come back here," Doran had further added. " He ain't touched the thints in his brother's rooms yet, they say. But they'll wait better than the other business." " Umph I" the villager sniffed. " .-le' let three days slip :by without makin' much of a stir. Why on earth;ain't they had one o' them fellers down here long' before this ? They ain't seemed to hurry much." " Well, you see, at first 'twas more, than half believed that the shooting must: have been Sy accident; and then-this is.just- betweenyou- ad ndme;.Junes jury's verdict, and the doctor's testimony, they, Doe. and the brother, might have wanted to make sure, by a sort of private and more thorough investigation of the wound, eh ?" " ity crackey I Now that' you speak of it, I heard Mason say'". hey was up an' movin' round at the doctor's that livelong night i Yes, sir, , reckon you've hit it !" " My I" mused Samuel Doran, as-he moved away from the gossip. "They bite at my yarns like babies on a teethin' ring. Doe. knows his fellow-critters, sure enough, and my work's.laid out for me, I 111 PA _], For Doran, after due consultation, and upon the doctor's voucher;, had been taken a little way into the confidence of the three men, and Ferrars began to fore= see: in?him a reliable helperi..- ' The above -brief conversatidon tobok place between Doran and Mr Jones, pro fessional depdt-lo0upger land occasional worker at odd jobs, while the doctor was putting Hilda, and l'Mrs Marcy into a waiting carriage, and, when hephad seen it drive away up town, Doran came for ward and addressed him in a tone quite audible to the bystanders. "You see, I didn't forget the carriage. Doe. :'Hope .Mics Grant ain't. none the worse for her sad sort of journey." And then, as the two walked away from the platform together, and he saw the doctor's eyes glancing from side to side, Doran went on. ,' Looking for Mr Grant, Doec. ? Well, I. guess you won't see him; not before supper-time, anyhow. Fact is, I guess he's sort of:fancystruck on that pretty-faced widow down at the Glenvilh House, and he's taken her out behind m greys this afternoon. I don't know as blame him any ; she is a dainty little wid.". The doctor stared at him in amazement at his first words, and then .broke into a hearty laugh over the last. "' Upon my word, Doran; you will be able to write a new dictionary of abbre viations some day ! Doran's Original I A dainty wid is very good in its way; only is she a ' wid 1'" ' That's what they say at the Glenville. Widow and rich." At the next corner Doran halted. " Have to tear myself away,". he 'said amiably. ' See you later," and the two men separated. " Well, old man, how have you fared during the lull in-your business ?"-asked Doctor Barnes, as his man came to meet him. " You don't look overworked." '" I ain't been, neither, sah. Your Mr Grant or Mcr Ferrars, I ain't rightly got his name, I guess, sir, he 'pears ter like the cooks down the Glenville better than me. I ain't had no bother with him since you left, sir, 'cept to make up his bed.' " know. He has found some friends there, I fancy, Jude. Any news or messages ?" and the doctor became at once absorbed in his neglected business. Ferrars made his appearance at "supper time" as Doran; had described -the evening men, an the two men hai much to discuss. When Jude had placed the last dishes and retired, the detective, who thus far had been listening to the doctor's account of the journey and the sad funeral obsequies, looked up and said : " I suppose you have heard of my wanderings, doctor, and how I have forsaken poor Jude ? The fact is, I have found plenty of leisure, and Mrs Jamie son, when one comes to know her a little, is a very ab-intereeting woman. The sort of woman, in fact, whose society I now and then enjoy. I have not neglected my duty, however, but there is absolutely nothing new. And, by the bye, 1 must see Miss Grant this evening; after that, if you are at liberty, we must have a talk. I have decided upon a change of plan, of which you must know." He had left a note for Miss Grant, which advised her of his intended call as soon as she should have become rested and refreshed. He was glad to find her so strong and so composed, and he came at once to the business in hand. " Miss Grant," he began, "as I said in my note, I have something to propose to you which has presented itself to me as the best course during your absence; and, to begin, let me ask, have you still full confidence in me as a detective, and as a man whom you may trust 1" She lifted her fine clear eyes to his face and kept them there while she replied. " I felt that I could trust yo , Mr Ferras, when we first met. There has been no change in that feeling unless it may be the change to a larger measure of trust and confidence." " Thank you." And now the cool de tective flushed like a schoolboy- " I shall try hard to deserve your good -pinion, and it encourages me to broach my singular proposal. I believe it will enabie me to get on easier and with more rapidity if you will permit me to continue for an in definite time in the role which I did not at first choose for myself, and I ask you if I may still remain, in the eyes of Glen-. hvite, as now,- in the oha-ector of- your cousin." "?To remain-in Glenville 1" " When Doctor Barnes sent for me, advising me that I might arrive in the a.?.?cer of_.ypour cou sin, it was, of would1 le s 'brief one; and"itiwas on er taken because the doctor knew how it would hamper if not really balk, my attempts to unravel this mystery if I were known as a detective. I. cannot explain now, but I ask you to believe that, being here, i am now convinced that in laying aside this character I should put out of my hands my best weapon, the most direct means of following up and ferreting out a crime which I fully believe will prove to have been-that is, if we succeed in finding out the truth-a crime with a far-reaching plot behind it, and the cause of which most of us have not even remotely dreamed of." "You have said enough. All is in your hands. Be what you will and must, the better to' prove to the world that Charles Brierly, my husband in the sight of heaven, died as he lived, an up right gentleman and martyr, and not the suicide or the victim of a righteous vangeance that most: people would for ever declare him if the truth is not made known." - - " Understand," he urged, " that if you consent to this, you, as well as myself, will have a part to play, and an active part, perhaps, in the drama we are about to begin. Remember, you will have to keep up the deception for weeks, possibly months; and to go and come at my desire." "Do you mean," she asked, breath lessly, " that you may need my help 1" "I do need your.help I" "I h " she cried, letting go her self restraint for the moment. " You don't know what you are doing for me I To be active, to do something, instead of sitting still-and eating my heart out with sus. pene. It will:save me from madness perhaps. What could a true relative do for me-more than you are doing and will do- You are my cousin 1" And she put out her two hands to him with a new look of energy and resolve in her. fa?c. As'he took the two slim hands in his oun and looked in-her eyes, suddenly so aroused and purposeful; he saw for the first time, the full strength and force..of will and nature behind .that fair face, and gentle beising, .; the :high °spirit eand; ccurago animating the slender firame::: `::: "Thank you," he- said,- simply, as h; released her hands. ".I feel that I can rely tipon you at need. You have--the' strength; can you have the patience as well? At present I can tell you very little. You will have to take much upon trust." "' I have anticipated that." - " For example, it is my inflexible rule never 'to :reveal the name of a suspected person until I have at least partial proof of guilt enough to warranit an arrest. But you have a right to 'such confidence as -I can give, asd so, if you' harve a question to ask, andI think you have, let me an swer it if I can.'t " Oh, I thank you. She camheea step nearer. " I ask.myself one" qiuestion," over and over; that there was no guilty secret in my poor.boy's life 'and death,'1: nkhow: '"Where;`: theni, 'casn--'be --the motive ", - "The motive, ahl I When we know that, we shall be at the beginning of the end of the matter. Sit down, Miss Grant, and-I will pu the- case before you as -I now see it.?" She sank into the nearest seat without a word. " As to the manner of the murder," he went on, "this is my conclusion. Some one, an enemy who hated or feared him, has informed himself of Mr Charles Brierly's habits, and made himself fami liar with the woods along the lake shore. Your friend, I learn, has practised target shooting for some time. Have you uver thought that he might have had a treason for so doing I" "Good heavens I No" . "Well, that is only a suggestion. But this much is certain, the deed was pre meditated, and carefully planned. I-have satisfied myself that the assassin, approaching from the south, made a most the circuit of that long mound, after making sure that. no one was near, in order to reach the point. scarcely twelve feet from the place where the body was found, from which to fire the fatal shot." " My God I" "It was a bold venture, but not so daneerous as might at first appear. I find that from a point half way to the top of the mound one might be quite concealed from any one down by the lake shore while taking a long look up and down the road. And, in case of approach, there is at the south end of the mound a clump of hushes and young trees, where one could easily remain concealed while awaiting the victim or the passing of an interloper. From the town to 'a point not far south of the knoll or mound, as your people call it, the ground between the road and lake has been partially cleared of undergrowth for the comfort of picnickers and fishing parties, I am told." " Yes." She sighed wonderingly. "But beyond that, a person wishing to be un seen from the lake or road could easily hide among the brush and trees. I believe all this was carefully studied and carried out, and that, five minutes after the shots were fired, the slayer was on his way Oi'ut??'war to some poin?wl eetar aL federate waited, with some means of con veyingthemselves to a safe distance." " Al I" she whispere-. " The boat1" " Yes, the boat. It was a part of the plot, and rowed to that point by the con federate, I believe, for the purpose of misleading justice. Doran, who is an able helper, learned this morning that a farm hand, who was driving his stock across the road to drink at the lake, saw a man in a boat rowing up towards Glenville at half-last seven that morhing." " Oh! And can you follow them? - "Is the trail strong enough 2" " I think so. And there are other clues. There is much to be done here in Glen ville first of all. At the inquest the tes timony was purposely left vague and un certain at some points." "And why 1" " Because, somewhere, not far away, there is a person who is watching develop ments,,and who may leave some track unsevered if he can be male to think we are off the scent. 1 mean to know my Glenville very well before I leave it and some of its people too. And here you can help me as soon as you are strong enough" " I am strong enough now. What more canu do l" "You remember the foolish boy and his fright when questioned '" " Of course." " Well, as his teacher, can you iot win his confidence until his fear is overcome ? That boy has not told all he knowa." " He is very dull, I fear. He said he saw a ghost." " Well, we must know the nature of that ghost, and why it has closed his lips so effectually. Seriously I hope much from that lad." " rhen be sure I will do my best." " You see, I am taking you at your word. And there's one more thing. I have been told that strangers go oftenest to the Glenville when in town. Now it behoves me to know the latest comers, and the newcomers there, and chance ice by being polite to Mrs Jamieson. 'I have improved the moments. I don't nean that I am studying the lady for any sinister purpose, but one can'see that she is quite a social, leader in the house, and tbrostehscej hstv, c lready5eome tQ.frm q if you will allow her to call, as under the circumstances she desires to do, and if you will return that ca.l in short, put yourself upon the footing of an acquain hince-it will really help me greatly." For a long moment Hilda did not speak; thei " I will do as you wish, of course," she said, but the note of eager readiness had gone out of her voice. " (tut I cannot even think of that woman without living over again our first ineeting and the awful news dealt me. \Vill I ever outlive the hurt of it 1" "It hurt her, too; 1 am sure 'of that. She is a keenly sensitive woman. She. went from your schoolroom really ill, so her friend has told me." "I can well believe' that. 'She looked ill when she came to me. And who can wonder " her tone softening. " Mrs Jamieson is certainly kind, and; why should we not be friends? She is a lady, refined and charming' Don't think me, unreasonable, Mr Ferrara. I shall be pleased to receive her, of course." "Thank you.- And remember,'that for the present Francis Ferrars 'becomes Ferriss, Ferriss- Grant. You'll not for get your part 1", "'I will.'not' forget,": she answered. And When he was gone she smiled a sad little womanly smile. ' After all, -a de-. tective is but a man, and that petite, soft. spoken, dainty blonde woman s' just the sort to fascinate a big-hearted, strong man like Francis Ferrars."i' (To be Continued). 