'. A STOLEN HERITAGE. &HAPTEE;, I (continued)-. Molly pulled, a wry face. ? ' I'm afraid I don't as much as ?'' I ought, because she ,has been very ' / goo-1 to me, but then I don't think she really loves me ; sometimes I think that my father or mother must have vexed her very much.' '^he stranger qazed at her ?wist* | fully. ' ' You are very like someone I knew and loved long ago.' ' Who was it !' inquired Molly, feeling that it was now her turn to question. 'My first husband, Sir Harry Jeune,' she replied, in sad tone. 'Was he a relation of Sir Thomas?' 'His cousin.' , 'If he was like him, I don't think I can resemble him.' ' They were not alike, my first husband was a thorough Jeune, Sir Thomas resembles his mother.' 'He is a nornaman, saia me girl emphatically. ' He is my husband,' replied her ^companion, gravely. ^ Molly's fair face flushed all over. ' I beg you pardon, I would not liave spoken so if I had known,' ghe said, energetically. ,' I ain sure you would not,' re plied he?' companion, and somehow Molly fancied that ' she was not Tcry much offended. ' Then you are Lady Jeune,' she said, thinking how unassuming her companion seemed. ' i es, I was married to Sir Harry whea I was a girl of nine teen, then, after two years' marriage, I had a little daughter, and I lost her whea she was a year old, just six months after my husband's death.' 'Oh, how sad,' and Molly's usually laughing grey eyes were now full of sympathy. 'Tes, it Hearly broke my heart ; I thought I should have died, and Sir Thomas wa3 very kind to me then. Two years afterwards I married him, but,' she added, ' it is my first husband of whom you remind me, you have the same merry grey eyes, and bright hair, his was a trifle darker, yours is like his mother's was, she 'was a Jeune by birth as well a8 marriage. Yes, you are exactely like the par trait there is of Lady Jeaue at the Hall. If I could dress you in the same style no one would know you from her. If my little baby had lived she could not have looked more like a Jeune.' «*«£ What a pity she died,' said Moify. 'Yes, my life vr®uld laavebeen very different,' § aid her ladyship, Y/itb a sigh. 'But you hare a boh; I heard grannie speak of him.' ' Mr. Jeune is not my son, he is the son of Sir Thomas's first wife, and born many years before e»v marriage with his father.' And Lady Jeuna's tone told Molly that she did not care for her step son. ' It is funny that I should meet both you and Sir Thomas tlais afternoon,' said Melly. 'Has Sir Thomas seen you?' asked Lady Jeune, with alacrity. ?'Yes, and he was even more startled than you were. I really think I must be very liko the Jeunes, aad perhaps he thought it was your little baby come to life again, and didn't want any inter lopers at the Hall,' said Molly. A strange look eame into her companion's face, but she only said: ' Will you tell me all about your life ? Forgive my curiosity, but you look just like what I have imagined my baby would- have grown up.' ' My life ?' and Molly laughed. 'You could write all the happen ingB down on one sheet of paper, and have room to spare, until this afternoon, which has been brimful of adventure. Yes, it feels quite an adventure to have madt. Sir Thomas look as though he had sees a ghost, and to talk to you. But my life, well it hag been the same yesterday and to-day, and . I thought it would be for ever, but the old gipsy tello me it won't, and I suppose she ought to know. We lUtU III fill ittVlUHJ tJUJCU little village in Cumberland, such a lovely cottage, ever so much larger than the one we have here, and every day I rode three miles on my donkey to school, where I dined, and then the donkey and I went home to tea,' and she laughed again. ' You did not go to the village school ?' said Lady Jeune. ' No, grannie said she lived in dependent, and she was going to haYe me properly educated, so I went to a good school, and learned French, music, singing, and draw~ xing. I told you she had been aw fully good to me,' said the girl, with a penitent look, as though ashamed that she did not love her more. ? \ ' Why did youcome to live here?' asked Lady' Jeune. ' Because grannie said she would like to loy her old 1 oies in Darton , churchyard, but i told her she needn't hurry qu that account, as I fancied the old bones would last a long time, they are so awfully tough you know — she never ails anything. Lady June smiled a pensive smile ' You talk just as my husband did, he was so light-hearted, and he ' did so love his little girl. Grod for give me, I cannot feel resigned to her loss even now, and to-day it seems greater than ever.' And the tears fell fast from lier ladyship's eyes. ' . \\.i -..:' '?? / . .??-.'..? ' Doa't fret your little girl must be a lot happier, but I wish I ceuld comfort you.' 'You can; yeu must meet me here again, but perhaps you had better not let Sir Thomas see you, and I wouldn't tell yeur grand mother.' Then with a gentle goed bye, she left Molly and went slowly towards the Hall, white the girl hastened homewards, wondering if Laely Jeune was the person the gipsy had sent her to meet, and whether their lives would be interwoven. ' (To be continued.) 