A Retrospect of Sheepbreeding During the Past Twenty-five Years [By J. W Belcher in the "Australasian Pastoralists' Review."] The Sydney sheep sales and Show have become a very interesting institution as year by year'they bring before-uAtbe in fluences at work in improving or'destroying , the various shads of the 'colonies. Really, '< lc believe both sales and Show, where'so many good eheep are brought togetherof more or 1 ess purity—what I meanfiy.purity is indrndUahty or family type—bavedohe, and are dbing a lot towards extinguishing many pure/ distinct, and charactMJB&cy; Studs. There is something instinctive - about a sheepbreeder which , cannbiv'be , taught. f\ ,' -■ ■ ' The Shows are bewildering to the egotis tical incompetent brain of many that have good flocks; ; they , see the newfjjheep,^ like a child -whosees a new doflygo'straig for them and breads: upand destroy, a-grand old stud 'that ' their father's lifelong skUl: and penetration hare ma^e. fambus. Notably the grand flocks of Mud are they? f?Egho answers,■"Burial in Ame rican dirt,sund grease." On the i _ : one side the ghosts of'-tbe-bld Mudgee breeders'.sporii them as mongrels; on lie other, the Yan kee wpuld "Say. if you offered him these brandy-and-soda sheep to ' improve " 'his pet Vermont flock: "Cut the throats of the nondescripts." X am a sheepbreeder, not an' experimentalist. There is no'happy medium in sheepbreeding;, you must, to. form a stud -with power to reproduce. it self, breed to the one pure-family.' Itisall very well to say-look .at the wool result; it is splendid. . Granted; but how long will it last? Whi?n you have drained the last drop'of Australian blood out of-its'veins you will lose.your grand type of .wool, and only have a. wool similar, fp the South Ame rican, harsh and greasy, and wanting in the qualities that have made Australian wool so famous. In; less than fifty years, if the American fever still rages, the world-sought soft Australian wools will only Im seen in specimen cases—extinct, a regretted relic of progressive sacrilegious Ameri canism. • • The American' sheep are a pure sheep, with great reproducing power, and their overivnelming influence was shown to' a marked degree through the New South Wales sheep-at the Show, and stud sales in Syd ney; but (who will be so bold as to say tjhat these blended: sheep are studs? At best they are - only -flock sheep, and their breeders appear to have no fixed idea of what to strive ' for. Their introduction about' twelve' years ago 'brought ■ before ■ us plainly that we were drifting into a shape less animal; they, recalled to our mind been . stations intftie Werinm District nK$5ctoria. Two p^tfcree^ aheep; yiffih ■' ;«■] a ■ wiom ^rreai^htey'fl^ rage for lustre caughton;-a'sbe^Vwitir Sbare legs, weak .belly,- ana light/ neck, tfcith wide stagisb hornsand astaiinghead, just like that of a pointer dqaf asasted /by artistic feeding," clothing, antfhbusmg,/complete! v decimated lie- oncg: fairiytlMpjry-necked, deep;bodi«l sheep with a>iaraii5|»reedy solid woffiL* Even how, ho mattmsnffw opposite ..the'-ram -these breeders may introduce, the Heritage^leftvhy the eeducmgluBtre sheep brin^wwfe them, and they.cannot help dirafting'',back to .that most beautiful at tractive lustre wool. Many of the Tas iiahiahJfldcks h$ ve suffered from the pass sh^g .^epidemics,, A. goodly .few tried Ame rricaihijbut'-mpBt i of them are now dis .CT63ra,*ff)nt hot before their deteriorating ahffftorey^^too^etj^^y.marked. fVbo cannot rememberr-but withgasigli of re '^pc^b^i^^^eeudiar, bold,w)s»nd' robustly el£^t^mhc v'she^p of -f «Bj| /J?aramores? They.ettibited laa/mdividuaMy of their ohh^'jtnd had the Plutocrat and Autocrat "fainmesbeen • determinedly persevered in, no doubt the progeny would have become intensified to'pueh'a degree that they-would have been formidable rivals'on the Show ground and at the sales. They sold a rani some years ago called "Callops," who showed at that time extraordinary wrinkles with - a grand frame. .A - friend- of.- mine bought from the Mona Vale shed, some sixteen years /ago. at.a high price, a. stropg woolled, robustly constitutibhed sheep that would bti' sought-after even' Many others have had occasional,.successes, but. nave fallen back, and why? . Simply because they were carried' 'away by some popular fever, not-having penetration enough to discover the defects or qualities of a good race they possessed, and lacking determination of'mil to" lessen th.e one ana intensify the other. Bad these been done, no doubt there would have been a' nec-k and-neclc race with several families of sheep of high lineage with the extraordinary de velopment attained by the Belle Yue and Esk Yale docks. A eraze almost as crash ing as the American fever has .now pos-. sessed a great many of the Tasinanian breeders. It is the "President" blood. 1 am not going so far-as to say .that harm ■will result, from it, but if- must be borne in mind that these breeders are 'vainly at tempting to rival'James Gibson—a hope less attempt— and,. unless there is some effort niade to retrace, in a 6hort time there will in reality be only three families of Bheep„ m Tasmania; virtually. only three stade-Eelle Viiie, E&z; Tal^and'^SiW? It is:pitiable 'to'ieferjbafcklo fch».-«faiA safest catalogue; of twelve yeare ago, and. «ee there, so many promising families of'&ieepnbw;' eirtinhfc : >:o • •' . What a. pleasing reminiscenceit is to old sheep men to'recall the' yearl884,wfaen < Dand iTayJorteebt over the Jour ,best. ew^s, that, were ever sold at auction in Sydney;* _ ther-, were worthy bf'thri -High' prieetbey fetched,- aithoughifc.raiigedfrom 100. to 104 - guineas. It.is.asgd pity to see the St. . Johnstone flock' only' living in' the 'splendid memory of' the . past, whenever a good . sheep pf Dayid; Taylor's is brought to the liammer it is never neglected; t)he could wish '(ahd nbflock in1 Tasmania? has. the capabilities andhlood;in,agreater, degree . than the St. Johnstone) .that Mr. David ' Taylor had folIbwe4*'in the 'dppomte 'course' to' that of Mr. -.James Gibson in. .develop- - ing the female side of "Sir Thomas"—"Sir' Bobert" ("Sir Thomas" was out of- a' "Sir ■ Robert" ewe): .We- would then, have had two .distinct flocks of a kindred family to help and assist; and bewonder us with the perfection of the present and future. Is it. too late?, I . think not. Not in the hand6 ot' such a breeder— and such a stud. ; . The Hon. James Gibson about fourteen years ago was falling back, and there' is not the slightest 'doubt that he partly formed. bis ideal from the American type, .and has now, . .without introducing any . .outside blood, developed and intensified his sheep to such an extraordinary degree that i a great many people persist in believing that there is American blood in.their veiiis. But Air. Gibson, nine years ago; told' me that lie had none, and did not intend to use any, .for he. felt confident he had'the best blood in Tasmania in the two fami lies that came from the one progenitor, and which had been kept apart for seve1. ral generations.; . Having; at- that time "GoldenHorn H.," descended from, "Old Sir Thomas," arid "The Owl,"' descended from "Sir Robert," and having in his mind an ideal model, and breeding to these two kindred strains of blood, with a keen eye for comparative proportions of frame arid the speaking personal breedy characteris tics of individuality, he has produced sheep that. must even . have surprised him-, self. Instinctively lie lias ' followed the' latter-day scientific horse-breeding, for the la w of breeding which applies to horses and cattle may also be applied in its. local form to sheep. Nature is ever trying to assert herselfassist and follow her, and the result will be an undreamt of extra ordinary success; oppose her, and failure will be your wages. The Hon. James Gib son has given good proof and confirmation of this law in producing "President" and bis progeny. Tfaomas Gibson, of. Eek Vale, has been continuously following in an original path, and close on the heels of the Belle Vue studj, by breeding doBelv to the strain of theaw®oit>d SnBeoi® JWodocetf—'Cotnmo loudly fdro his conristefitmarchside by, sdde yith tlife^&wmhiBt; sheep- breederin the Southern Hehfiijmere. This brings be-' foife youthe j^reasatteiidaht =on -two Tgs maaian breerars Sfifhjbfhave keptfirmly to the : one puj^ote ih. following " the bnepure strain, and brought fbrwurii animals of: the highest present pitch'of .perfection as the result, rlnrNiw -Sputh AVMes the - whole; genius of.-riie>epbreediiig is 'cbifeentrat^d in Mh:6atauelMeCaughey of Goonong—enthu siastic,: cbnmSlOTt, .and persistent to the'one line btbrerai%5v Hebhose America nsabbht twelveyetea;£tgo,and:has firmly followed in the one course;'and; in this short time;: has established himself as oneof the mostkeeta, ob^rvant;and«ucees8ful Jjtud sheepbreeders m t^e woridi ji^^ yrar^his Bl^ is shown by the lntenmfiMlmproroment of covering, chaxwcfo;,atyle, breediness, robustness* of cpMt|Wht^: ^d...th|b synunetrical propor tii»s.pfSthe nniinal; . In&a; few more years, sho«la health .iTO^ BtrenBth be spared hint, lie "wdl . -so alteS^ahd;, ,deyelop inssor^unal stijck in size/irs^^^d style ofwottl they nifi bec^^^ jtimriy Australians Pity_ it is weTOtjra/npt inore such e cohrab^t/^ahd:3|h^ihined breeders; -jWho - would nbf yvri& thtt^^e Mudgte&^d-keye raf ~other' cmce-faii&w;^bcks had; hadsueli enthusiastic eai^i^raf^eb^Mitirioh^iyrill to-improve sbeeirb^pedi greie,taking as:bino4^,to someextentjthe American frame ?•£ Those who have had the courage tb he^;8i«r-florics tme- aiMiypUre in their own breeding will in the future come to the front, and amongst those.at the sales, whose sheep speak great promise, are those of J. D. Cox, of Cullenbone. Although not long in the staple, they are very dense, with a good level tip, and a true breedy solid wool. The frames are fairly heavy, and the symmetrical proportions indicate that their progeny' will develop into big sheep. With careful attention to shape of frame and. style of wool,-.'! am sure, these sheep trill improve in a few yeate to an extraordinary degree. I think .a great many are losing their xaith arid trust in the Havi-' lahs, and may<(be very ant'to question the integrity oftheirA&iig; .the pure old4 Bailey flock. It is in hunian nature to'doubt and be suspicious, especially when cause is given. Some years ago an aged ram, the result of the Scone cross, was^pent fromHavilah to be sold at. the Sydney - ram sales, and this year beheld the EeBuht of the American cross without any pridfe'"dkreverenct for the im prjoved sheep. The- futupe is still more ebriuiroinised by seeing thername of Mr. H. (k-IWhite as the purchaser of the -first sheep i /f! of Mr. Thomas Gibson for "the sum of 3M* guineas. - \ • i These should be in .such an Old-established' fiopkj if..the_pedigrees have been kept ~^ stamina tobw^a sheepinbre ? ' ito, ■. of wo?'' - ' prepoteifc \- -v* hate ttdinduilite"; ^nthout having re^ coareetoputside strains, which 'are' at besb ■ Sivioleiice, andrwill -hfr foimd-tyanting in" cu^pfiom indiscriminate eKjp^i-immts,; ini" few'ytears the admirei-B'nf th«» wjll turn their back ouHavilab Mww remnants of BaBey'sskfll intbo Harold A. '. ffarag treat«Lof tlie: peculiarities,i'ahd' reputations of the. famous flocks n^t and' present represented at the late Sydn^ ' sheep sales, we' will'summarise tbejihflf^ ences and the hold that different studs haye had on public esteem during theTlast twenty, five yeara. In doing this a passing word of homage is due to the two Shaws-Jonathan and Thomas. The memory of these two clever and wonderful workers is still living in the hearts of the old pioneers of Riverina whose abilities made that district famous for sheep all over the world,. Undoubtedly they were the fathers of Australian sheep breeding. One thing they taught us—the style of wool to grow. There was a time once in Riverina when, unless. Jonathan Shaw'e hand had been on the sheep, you could not sell it. I remember once at the Deniliquin Show, through a friendly wager, three or five ewes were brought from Ti tanga as a non-competitive exhibit. The covering, style of wool, density, and shape of the sheep were perfect. This was before the lustre craze set in. The perfection at tained in these sheep was due to Mr. Shaw's skill and attention. Who does not know of the Wanganella and Boonoke flocks? Jonathan Shaw's name is indelibly stamped on them—a record enough to make any man's name famous; but a younger child, "Progress," stepped in and even marched ahead of the fattier, and developed what he had somewhat neglected — a heavier and lower-set sheep; but still his teachings have not been lost or forgotten. When I came to tne colonies twenty-eight years ago the enthusiasm .for Negrettis was dying a sudden death—"leather necks,"" as the shearers called them—and a longer stapled and freer-woolled sheep was rapidly ana wisely growing into favour. These came chiefly from Victoria. The compact and well- bred Mudgees ran them close in ri valry, and taking the Ercildounes as the representatives .of Victoria and the Baileys, of Mudgee, as those of New South Wales, the.v have left a lasting and useful influencfe on the beet flocks of Riverina. To be eon'inued in 'Obrcrwr" next week. 