Brief then-What's the news.-KINO JOHN, Have you seen the new style of photo frames a Dyer's new shop, Windsor." Mrs, J. Wood, of the Peninsula, had .something like eighteen young ducks killed by rats last week. A olean sheet at the local Police Court again this week. Verily, we must be a law-abiding people. Miss Gordon is at present spending a holiday at Bowral. The climate there is a trifle pleasanter than ours just now. The youngest daughter of Mrs, C. Pitt, of George-street, was seized with a sudden illness on Saturday, but is now convales cent. The many friends of Mrs. Hilton Clark will regret to learn that that lady is still in a critical state of health, suffering from typhoid fever. Among the wreaths sent on the occasion of the death of Mr. G. C. K. Waldron, in Sydney last week, was one from Mrs. J. B. Johnston, of Magrath's Hill. Mr. Lloyd, of Parramatta, has arrived to relieve Mr. Rodda at the local branch of the Bank of New South Wales. Mr. Rodda went to Sydney-on Wednesday. The rights in connection with the Boxing Day meeting of the Kurrajong Picnic Race Club will be submitted to auction by Messrs Guest and Skuthorp on December 17. The local branch of the Salvation Army journeyed to Richmond on Monday night, where Mr. Jim Castles delivered his cele- j brated lecture, and had a splendid audience. Mr. P. Sullivan is breaking in another Tuxedo colt for Mr. Rivett. It is a hand some animal and a splendid mover, and should make a name for itself in the near future. A young man in the employ of Mr. Claude Farlow had rather a rough ride on a colt %t Clarendon on Monday morning-, but he upheld the reputation of the Hawkes . bury natives fay riding the buckjumper to a standstill; Mr. J. B. Johnston will offer at hts sale room v on Saturday, 26th instant, that allotment of land in Macquarie-st., formerly occupied by the late George Diokson, and oh which stands large sheds and produce merchant's plant. It was reported that Mr. H. Hill, of: Richmond, had taken over the shop recently vacated by Mr. T. Abbott. It seems, how ever, that such is not the case, as the place, we understand, is going to bé run on co operative lines in future. The Council intends to shut down on all those householders who use the water from i the mains for other than domestic purposes j without first complying with the by-laws ! and paying the necessary fees, and will proceed against any person'so offending. About the latest thing in Otto of Roses can be smelt by any passenger on the road to Riohmond. There is a dead beast on Ham Common, and the effluvia which em inates from same is far from "litigant." The authorities should want to know why is this thus. It is with pleasure that we chronicle the j fact that Mr. R. B. Walker, son of our ; worthy townsman, Hon W Walker, M.L.C., passed in. all subjects in his final examin ation. Mr. R. B. Walker is now a full fledged lawyer, and the GAZETTE wishes him a successful career. Master Albert Curtis (son of Mr. Geo« Curtis, of this town), and who has been, working at Messrs Magrath Bros.' fell mongery, Penrith, fell from a rafter at the works on Saturday last, coming into Con tact with some hooks. He received a nasty wound to one of his legs, which necessitated several stitches, i Mr. C. Norris, who has been away in the Tamworth district for some time, returned to Windsor on Tuesday, and will not go back till after Xmas. Strange how all the Hawkesbury boys wander back for the festive season. Mr, Norris states that the drought is playing havoc with the country out-back, and cattle are dying in hundreds j from sheer starvation. Mr .R.A. Pye, M.P.S., Chemist, Surgeon-Den tist, etc . ts, and has been for years, the recognised ' leading Chemist in the district. A full and com plete assortment of purest drugs and chemist, j sundries, equal to the best Sydney Pharmacies' j Teeth carefully extracted. The soda fountain still in full swing with delicious aerated drinks. Large j assortment stationery, tobacco, cigars, and fancy j goods. Agent "Sydney M. Herald," "Daily' Telegraph," " Mail," Referee," and " Bulletin." j Books, and Magazines obtained on order. Prices strictly moderate." 1 ' Have you seen thorin ware at Dyer's new shop; Windsor.» Mr, Geo. Woodgate was reported io be ta a low condition this week, but is abie to about again. H Cléments has for sale, at reasonable prices bacon, hams and pickled p j.k ; all prime, and locally cured. Mis. W. Alexander, of Sutton Forest, has been spending a holiday with ber mother, Mrs. Holmes, of Glebe-street. Will intending contributors to the Chriotmas number of the GAZETTE kindly send their M.S. along as soon as possible. Mr. F. Simon bas been indisposed for tbe past few days, suffering from an attack of E : iglieh cholera. He is now on the mend. MEDAL AND DIPLOMA At Chicago was awarded to Colemane and Sons ÍLtd ), the premier Eucalypte manufacturers, »eating all competitors.* Tan tons of leather were sent away from Mr. Busby's Peninsular Tannery this week, which shows that things must be very lively in that trade at the present time. There's nothing like leather. Rev. C. A. White, B.A., was last week summoned to Inverell through the serious illness of his father. Mr. White has been deputed to visit Moree on behalf of the Home Mission committee. Wait for MR. DENMAR if you wish to have your piano tuned well. He is always in the district in january and July. Sydney address, 19 Wigram-st., Glebe Point. Orders left at GAZETTE Office will receive prompt attention.-Advt. Great improvements are being made on the road between the Grammar-school and the Blacktown road corner. A little atten tion to the road from the Railway- station to the Grammar-school would prove bene ficial. Complaint is made to the effect that the material now being placed upon the lane leading to the Red Gate, Pitt Town Labour Farm, is made up for the most part of lap stones, which, it is.generally alleged, will never set. A grand moonlight concert will be given in ** Trevallyn" grounds, in aiá of Windsor Wesleyan Church, on Wednesday, Nov. SO. The hon. secretaries are Misses B*. Tuokett end E. Lane, ¿fad an excellent programme has bisen arranged; ^ Two local identities amuse themselves each eate àa$ át Johnston's auction tooms by running each other up for the variouE articles submitted. It is glorious fun tc make " the other chap" pay double the value for that which he buys. If the stercoracéouB refuse were swepl from the Park ericket ground it would redound to the credit of somebody or other? not forgetting the cricketers themselves, Its profuseness is neither ornamental 01 conducive to enjoyable cricket.. The Sydney Free Public Library author! ties write us asking for two copies. wéekU of the GAZETTE as " the paper is samuel read that it is in tatters before the end 0 each week, and therefore unfit for binding.' Advertisers should take note of this state ment. A fish yarn (with: apologies to ; the editor) A fisher captured an eel in toe creek th« other day (Sunday last, by. the ^ar^e,token] which dragged bim into the murky waten in the straggle for supremacy. A terri flfii tussle ensued, but the fisher finally lande« the eel. At the rear of the business premises ii George-street, Mr. G. 8. Greenwell ha some very choice plants of 4dl descriptions most of which Are now blooming profusely Amongst the flowers is a magnifioen dianthus, which for size and brilliancy c color wonld bo hard td beat. The loose metal which has been' litterei about George-street for some time, to thi advantage of wheelwrights and blacksmith generally, and to the peril of shop windows has been raked up and carted away. If w could only have the street watered nó'w, i would be a good deal better. Mrs. Traill, wife of Dr. Traill, of Bur wood, and niece of Mrs. Neilson, of Glebe street, has been on a short visit to Wind sor, and was accompanied by Misfe Forbes who a short time ago gave interesting ad dresses in the district Presbyterian Churche on foreign missions. The visiting ladie were the guests of Mrs. Neilson. A banquet was tendered to Mr. F. U Rodda on Thursday night last, prior to tb occasion of his departure from Windsot where he has been stationed io Bank c New South Wales for some time. Mi Rodda has made many friends in the Haw kesbury who will be sorry to lose such sterling citizen. A report of the re unió will appear ûôîit weftk» ^M^^gWiMftviniog Trunks at Jow prices at.: j/w'i neiw shop, Windsor. kThere are imitations on the market of our ucalypte . A*k for Colemane and Suns', and sec that yon get it. Look oat for trade mark (regis terëd), SpCAivPTE, on each label.* Mies Netta Walker leaves for Warwick (Queensland) this Friday to stay with some friends for a whil* j Mr. T. Collison made a splendid haul of mullet on Monday morning, some of the fish weighing over three pounds. The Rev. S. G. Fielding preached to a large congregation at St. Augustine^ Church, Bulli, on Sunday last. ] (Messrs Beard, and Co. are at present moving into their new and commodiou8 premises, which are certainly an ornament to old Windsor. Mr, George South returned to Windsor on Tuesday night last, and takes up his abode on the Peninsula. He resumes duty at the local Post-office on Monday next. From Colo comes news that while a hurricane was raging down that way re cently a gigantic rock was blown from the side of the mountain on to the main road. Miss Hester Smallwood, who resides with Mrs. N. N. Pendergast, was taken very ill one day last week and had to be re moved to the local hospital, where she has to undergo a critical operation. , Messrs Guest and Skuthorp announce in Ibis issue particulars of an important sale at Hobartville, where, on this Satur day; the whole bf the working plant, &c;, of ¡that estate will be submitted to auction. At a sitting of local magistrates, of whom were present Messrs T. Primrose, 3. J. Fitzpatrick, and B. Conlon, on Wednesday morning, a special auctioneer's license was granted to Mr. Ë. E. Waldron, of Penrith. ; As will be seen in'our business columns, Mr. Tbiodon not only executes high-class photography, but is also combining piano jtunypg with his business. He has heaps lol testimoníala from all parts of the looîShy. ? A¿4ig sale;of freehold town and country jpropertieB, including the famous Hobart ^le hbi^tead anöTeßtate, will take place |^v fit Mfsfrs Richardson and P^pl^^^Htt'Btreeî, Öya*ney, on Sud, j Mr. J» Miller, of Cornwallis, brought to jihis office on Monday last a sample of this |season48 corn already about 6 feet high, iwith the young* cobs well-formed. Mr. IMiller should have some of the earliest maize ia the district. j During one of the recent gales a large jwillow tree on the farm of Mr. Thomas jGardiner, of Freeman's Reach Road, was (blown to the ground. It was within an jace of falling on the housè. If this had ¡occurred, partial, or entire, demolition must jhave ensued. ? Several of the trees in the local Park are i undergoing rather rough treatment at the ¡hands pf children who, like George Wash ington, appear to be provided with a little hatchet. In some cases the trees have :been ring- barked, A stop should certainly be put to this practice. A horse attached to Mr. W. Boxhall's lemonade-van made things a trifle lively on j Monday morning last in George-street, for j about,ten minutes* kicking, plunging, &e;* jand finally running the cart on to the foot ¡path, where the horse fell. No serious 'damage resulted, however. Mr. Dyer has on view a good photo of ; Mr. Harry Morant ("The Breaker") and his hounds. It is a capital reproduction. The horse " Cavalier" is also shown lc advantage in the act of leaping a four-rail fence. Mr. Dyer has also taken a photo of the Military Band as it appeared at Rich . mond on Saturday last. Mr J L Barnier, Veterinary Surgeon, who bas the highest certificates from the Veterinary Col leges 'in' Edinbugh, will visit Windsor and sur rounding district to attend horses, cattle. &c; , in ! two hours notice, by addresssing to J L Barnier, j care of Morris's Livery Stables, Parramatta. Mr Barnier has hundreds of testimonials, and owners j can. rely on the most skilled attention being given. ! 11 Orange Leader" Goodge has another chip at the GAZETTE in Wednesday's issue -but, as usual, he's a bit off the track. A man who once departs from the straight and narrow track that leads to political salvation no doubt afterwards finds it diffi cult in the extreme to walk with any degree of accuracy through a forty-acre paddock. "The Leader"-or "The Follower," rather, -may be sure that J. C. L. F. won't under any circumstance give a vote which will Í have the effect of putting* Toby Barton into power. Mr. F. Rodda has been granted a few Invd holiday, which will extend till alter neat Monday. Mr. Hilton Clarke, wife of the worthy manager of the Windsor Butter Factory, is seriously ill with typhoid fever. Mr. J. P. Walker preached in the local Presbyterian Church on Sunday mornifig> last, and the evening servibe was taken by Mr. Taylor. ABSOLUTELY PURE. Colemane & Sons, Ltd., world-fámed EUCALYPT* EXTRACT. It is unsurpassed for coughs, colds, influenza, etc.* s There is a patch of asphalt on the foot path at the approach to Mr. Condon's residence which badly needs the attention of our civic fathers. >* A" Company and the 3rd Regiment Band will parade in the Park on Saturday afternoon. The band will, as usual, dis»' course sweet music. The GAZETTE'S guaranteed circulation, is more than three times that of any paper published in the Hawkesbury District. Therefore, it is the best advertising medium. Mrs. C. A. White, wife of the Rev. C. A. White, has been seriously ill for tibe past few days and is under medical *ttendance. r We are pleased to state that tb* good ikdf1 is on the mend. A number of local residents intend to take a trip in the 44 Colonel" on Sunday a few mileB down the river. A goodly num ber have promised to go, and a jolly oki time is looked forward to. Mr. J. Chaeeling brought to this Office on Friday last a diamond snake measuring^ about 9ft in length. The reptile was very much alive, and seemed quite contented in the box in which it was imprisoned. The business premises occupied by Mr., Lobb are being re-roofed by Messrs Cupifct ¡and Mullinger. The old shingles are bètaftf done away with, and an iron covering on. This should minimise the danger bf fire. The Government won on ''.N&\'ÉÉÉeÍN^ motion by a majority of S8; ^ On every oc casion during his presence in the existing Parliament, Mr Barton has suffered defeat when be has voted m opposition to tile Premier. A new rule has been adopted as far as the Richmond line railway system is con cerned. The carriage doors are locked j>¿¡ Riverstone, and passengers are compelled to show tickets at Windsor and RichmonoV befóte being permitted to alight. Since the advent of the bot, sultry weather which the townsfolk of Windsor have been subjected-to fo* the past couple of creeks, 4he engineer at the loca^l water works (Mr. J. Sowden) bas been kept going to keep pace with the demand. On Thursday morning a hawk-swooped down on a tame magpie ra Mr Ml'Hunt's yard, in Church-street, and the magpie " yielded up the ghost" shortly after. The bird wa»'in a cage, but had his -head ta; quisitively poked out rhea tine enemy arrived. A moeting of the Committee of the local Benevolent Society, and Hospital was called for Monday evening last, bot lapsed lot* want of a quorum. The only members put in an appearance were Messrs J. J. Paine, Hon. W. Walker, W. Gosper, and J. B. Johnston. Mr Casey and a some friends were driv ing into Windsor on Wednesday night; from Richmond, and when near the Wind sor Public School the horse became fractious and kicked and bucked till it smashed every thing within reach of its iron-shod heels. Fortunately no one was hurt. The famous cure for many diseases, Viney's patented Pine-apple Rum, cures la grippe, bron chitis, influenza, sore throat, coughs, hoarseness, tickling cough, catarrh, croup. This liquor tobe had in any quantity, and at any price, at fha Railway Hotel ONLY. Advice free at any tbne. Angelo J. Viney, Railway Hotel, Windsor, pro prietor. Established 12 years * The Council-clerk (Mr. N. N. Pender gast) is engaged hunting up defaulting ratepayers, and those in arrear sjbK^ud promptly cash-up, if they wish to ¿are further trouble. The collection of ibo ra^e* has been somewhat ucglected in the' pá&t;, and it ia just about time some steps were taken to put the Borough iq a eolveut c.on.* dÄ»A ' .^Ü..-::¿-:;.:U?2' 