WILD EE LIN. HER ESCAPADES, ADVENTURES- AND BITTER SORROWS. BY .WILLIAM BLACK. . , CHAPTER XLIV— (CONTINUED.) The poor, timid, sweet-voiced hostess had not too easy a time of it at this modest bau- quet. For the truth Is, she never hnd ac quired any great sympathy for rustle lovers, or, at least, for their appearances In print; nnd when Miss Eelln and her sworn cham pion were raving with enthusiasm about this pleep or tbnt piece — some pathetic wall at parting, some cry of despair In absence- some tender recollections of youthful days and scenes, with Jcaunlc, or Mary, or Pile- tnle, the queen and heroine of the never-to- be-forgotten dales and woods— she could only. interfere with a quiet wouder, and now and agaln'wltb a trifle of gentle sarcasm. \- "Why should the young ma'n,"'shc asked, ns she bad asked on previous occasions, "make such' a public protest of his deter mination to wed 11 particular young wo man; and why, when she jilts him;, or he has to go away, should he ask the public to bewail his bitter loss?" "Why?'.' said Archie Gilchrist. "Because these arc the tragedies of life; and of course they occur more frequently among people In straitened circumstances than among the wealthier classes, who can choose their mates at leisure— and perhaps with Indif ference. The heart of the pensaut poet burns hot, and- he must tell his tnle. He does not appeal to the wealthier classes. If ' they care to buy his hook, or to regard htm, for a brief while, as a social curiosity, well , und good; hut It Is the sympathy of his fol lows that he wants— he wants to hear one of his songs sung by n servant lass as sho Is nt work lu tlie fields." - "Yes," snld Miss Eelln, chiming In, "and surely these sougs are more true to human nature — more true to life nnd humau experi ence than tho theatrical hemoaumcuts of Lord Byron or the love twitterings of Tommy Moore?" "Oh, very well," said the mother, smil ing. "As long as your rustle sweethearts dou't call themselves Gbloe and Corydon I can hear with them." And so they went ou disputing, assorting, hnd contradicting— yet not with much 111 humor; aud wheu Byron, or Moore, or any one else got a chance slap It was with but a laughing sort of malice; there was no final ity of judgment in these paradoxical flouts. And Hector Macncll was duly belauded— In a more sincere fashion; and Tunnahlll had his meed of pity; for these, after all, were the two subjects thut more nearly concerned the budding authors. Then they went Into the drawlngrooui— with Its long, rosc-tlntcd curtains und Its shnded lumps placed here aud there; but when tea had been served the mother most considerately asked to he excused, snylug that she had some letters to write; so thut ' Archie Gilchrist und Eellu of the sea-blue eyes, aud tho bunehod-up black hnlr, and the fearless demeanor, were left to themselves. She crossed over to the pluuo, and sat -down, aud he followed her, and stood by. "What would you like me to nlny for you?" she asked— and her lingers, Idling over, the keys, wandered Into Tschalkowskl's Chanson Tristc. Well, he could uot answer her. For though this music was a ktud of music quite unfamiliar to him, he had. ' enough of the artist sense to feel It, and to fdcl It deeply. The divine melancholy, of this strain— now hushed and low, and penetrating, and now louder, and with an appeal that rent the heart— quite overcame him: In bis bewilderment he tried to liken It to other things; It was- the cry of some ' poor lost soul in the night, on the seaboard, culling for comrades that answered not; It wus the voice of some mystic liivlsiblc choir In the heavens .Interceding for com-, passion and "pity on the' sons of "men:" If life could he so uttuued, woulu not existence become a prolonged rapture— aud yet Inex pressibly sad, aud mournful, aud'uuearthly? The voice of the invisible choir came from 11 great distance. The lost creature crept forlorn along lonely shores In the dark. And then, again, he thought he was listen ing to sonic proud salutation of adieu, as the crowds of hapless lovers, through ull tho centuries, passed, uot unwillingly, to their doom. Why, this was a pieuu lu praise of the belle dame sans mere!. It was a joyous soug of victory— though lu some Inexplicable heartrending. fashion. The dead aud dying made no protest ; nay, they pledged her— those of tliem who could lift up 11 hand; they pledged her, even with their blanched faces aud distraught eyes; aud there was no thought of reproach. Aud as for the belle dame sans lucre!, why, she went singing on her way! Perhaps she could not hear those proud aud fulnt farewells. The sudden silence, startled htm baok to his senses. "It Is very beautiful," be snld. "Oh, yes, it Is very beautiful — but — but It sounds so far away — yes — as far away — as you arc from me, Eelln." There wns a sob in his voice. She looked up In surprise. "I hnve something to say to you, Eelln," he went 011, nnd Instinctively she rose, and accompanied him to the small ccutral table where there was a better light, and they took their places. She did not seem much alarmed; perhaps he had a new literary scheme to unfold. Tschalkowskl's Chanson Tristc, exquisite as It Is, could not have moved him to any sudden resolve. "Eelln," said he, In a breathless kind of way, "the relations betweeu you und me arc very strange, and I sometimes think It is my fault. 1 have tried to Imagine what you desired, and perhaps— well, perhaps I have been mistaken— and — aud tho result does uot seem to me qultcnatural. Don't mis understand inc. 1 will be to you just what ever you wish; and I don't complain; only, I may have made a mistake. 1 may have gone too far In the other direction. Only- only — you must tell me; and I will he to you as you wish me to be; and never complain— oh, no, not that; why should I 'complain after having met with such undeserved great fortune?" And then again he. snld,. following up these Incoherent sentences; "Eelln, there was meutlou at dinner of Hec tor Macuclil's 'The Way to Woo'— do you re member tho last verse?'1 Surely It was not the rose tint of tlie cur tains that was answerable for this plnlt. suf fusion of color? Well she remembered the lines. They speak of a young lad who lias come n long way to see a youug lass, and who beseeches her to tell him how best to woo her; the conclusion of the matter being as follows: — , She hid her fair face in her true luver's bosom; !_ Tho suit tear of transport filled ilk lover I t a t 11 The burnie ran sweet by their side as they sahliit, And sweet sang the mavis abunc oil the tree, lie clasped her, ho pressed her, he ca d her Ilia liinnio, - And aftcn he tasted her liinnie-swcct mou ; And aye, 'tween ilk kiss, she sighed to her Johnnie, Oh, laddie! oh, laddie! weel wcel can ye wool Perfectly sho remembered the lines; and she became a little apprehensive., "You know, Eelln," said he, "we are sup posed to he engaged lovers, and yet you have never granted me one kiss. I?exhaps I have misunderstood you. Perhaps I have taken . you too literally " "Ob, no — oh, no, Indeed!" she answered; him- hastily. "Indeed no! You have been- . so considerate! — you biivo been so generous- — : and kind! Because — because — well, I may, not be like other girls — and It may be quite unnatural — and quite blameable too— but I rather. shrink from the caresses that one reads of In books. And you have been so con siderate — oh, so very generous and consi derate! — I have been so grateful to you! I had looked forward to a sort of literary co- partnership — my helping you in my poor way— looking out for any references, or any/ thing of thnt kind " "But, Eelln,". he said, gravely, "our en-, gagement. If It Is to continue at nil, must end In marriage; and marriage Isn't made up of magazine articles. And I have, been think ing— you cannot tell with what bitterness I have been thinking! — that there Is some thing, wrong. You are as far away from me as that beautiful music £ou are playing. And why Kbould I tie yon down to nn undertaking iniide in n moment of thoughtlessness — " With that she got rip from her chair, and stood facing him. p "Then j'on reject me," she said, in a low lone, and with her cyeB enst flown. "You reject me " He Instantly rose and caught liqr hnnfl. JDon't tnils like that, Ecltn!" he Implored of licr. "I — reject you? It Is mndness to think of Buck a thing!-. But— but-df I were lo release you? , "When I make a proinlsoi" said the girl, "It Is my nature to keep it, and I wish for no release. But then— but then— If I nm I bought -nn worthy "Ecclln!" he cxclnlmed, nnd straightway he tyould have caught her to his arms and kissed nnd kissed her into a eompllniit mood, only that in some mysterious way she shrank from Ills embrace, .and he understood, nnd mutely obeyed. ,'Let it be .ns you will, then," lie said, dcspnlriugly. "1 may bnve gone the wrong 'way to woo — I may be more fortunate by-nnd-bye." "Ob, you have been so considerate!" she cried agnin: "How can I show my grnti- vude to you? But perhaps I may yet— pcr- hnps I may yet — who knows?" And with that she took his hand and touched It with her lips; and thnt was the only suggestion of endearment tlint had so far taken place between those two lovers. In due course ho said good-bye, and set out on his homeward way. The river was dark, yet not quite so dark as the black suspen sion-bridge tlmt spanned It. But O, the wild white wonder of the starlit heavens— the dis tant nnd throbbing worlds to which mortals have given transitory mimes — Andromeda, with her shackles broken, and now serene nnd nfar — Cassiopeia, with her trembling Jewels that burned In the night: they were nil so beautiful, hut so sndly remote! Per haps, In those unknown lands, the Chanson Triste would he part of the mystic langunge hovering 111 the air: here, III this common world, it seemed only to speak of heart breaking nnd misery and farewell. He did not understand. He wished to do his host. But he was consumed by a grant love; and those starlit heavens — why, he did not know— appeared to convince him of the hope lessness of It nil. CHAPTER XLV— A MORNING PLUNGE. Now while ns yet the new day was hidden by the eastern bills, and all the world ap peared to Ho asleep, a black vehicle was quietly driven up to the front of General Mnltock's railings, nnd almost simultaneous ly "Wild Eclln and Morag the Mull lass issued from Glengorvn House, shutting the door noiselessly behind them. Anil Eolln, In stealthy whispers, was trying to reassure her handmaiden. "There Is really no risk, Morng," she snld In those hushed undertones. "And It Is of great importance for livery one to know whnt to do when flung into the sen. You might "stumble oft a paddlehox, yoii know, or a rowing boat might he capsized ; and yo'u ought to he prepared. And there Is no risk, Morng; for I nm going to save your life; only, you must not grip me. You leave me nloue, and Pll bring you out of the water all tight. But don't grip inc. .Tust Imagine j'oti are drowned, nnd quite helpless, nnd you'll see how I'll hoist you over the guu-' wnle. i dou't think you can possibly catch cold: for It Will only he 1111 affair of n few minutes; rind lu this bag there Is everything tlmt can he wanted for n change; and the tab will he waiting to brtiig us bdek to the house. You're hot frightened, arc you, Morng?" ' "N— 11b, Inlss," said the Mull lass, with her tcbllf ehntterlug; the morulug nlr was some what chiil. "Because you have courage to put aside all the Iiiivcrs tlmt old Maxwell tells you, about Ilnggiirt the murderer and bis breaking of jrtiols; and I'm sure you'll ho i)rnve enough for lhls enterprise — when it will he of great tiriieUcril service to every oiiu concerned." Morag snld notUltig. She was' rather n tiinid lass, and she did not quite understand. But now" tlicy were 'arrived at the black vehicle, from the inside of which Lily Neile spoke blithely: "How are yon, old girl? All serene? Let Morng go on the box uii'd'inke j-our bug with lier, for I've got one lu here, and Its tol-lol biggish— just lu case yon may want to save me too — for who knows whnt iiccl- ifeht'hiny oceur? — and a dry pair of Harris stockings makes nil the 'difference betwixt a man and a lilouso. Good niofiilug, Morng. Heard anything of Dlivld' Hagghrt's ghost whizzing about of late? Bundie up, ' now, "and let's be off." ' And so they drove riwriy through the night —with' here linil there an orange gas iniup piercing the darkness; nnd Inside the enb Lily Nolle rind Eelln were slhgtlig to tlicUi- selves, hut In carefully diminished lobes — A .boat, a boat, haste to the ferry, For wo are going to Altnalierry. They passed the lights of Inverulsli. All the town was 'deiiil I11 slumber. Not n dog barked. They weiit down by Friars' Place and Cripei liieli to Thoriibusli Omiy, and still the. retrain kept comlug aud going lu fltful snatches — - A boat, a boat, haste to the ferry, For we arc going to Alinnherry. But surely there was some Indication of the new day? When tliey got along to the lmi-bor, the masts of a schooner lying listed over on the mud could vaguely he made out ngnlnst the eastern sky; mid Cromwell's Fort was dimly visible; and there was n suggestion of land beyond the unknown licit of sen — no doubt, tlio lllack Isle emerging from Its \- lulsts. At length the cab was- stopped; the three of tliern descended; and down by the haul: they found n substantial gig lriooreil to 11 post. Clearly all this lmd been ar ranged; for tiie oars were In the boat, nnd the padlock lmd been removed from the chain; ami so the voyagers took, their leave of the land. Lily Nolle and Eclln were row ing; and the new refrain was— soprano rind contralto — -wltll ineffable anguish Inter mingled — Though I leave thee now in sorrow, Smiles may light our love to-morrow. Doomed to part, 1113' faithful heart A gleam of joy from hope shnll borrow. Ah, ne'er forget, when friends are near. This heart alone is thine for ever; .Thou may'st Arid. those will love ihbc, dear, Brit hot a loVe like mine, O never! 'Arid now behold! the dnwn was beginning to disclose Itself river the wlilp Jinray Firth. There wris ri grey shimmering 011 the Water; the ait 'smelt keel); nl-rowy flights of sen- birds swept by; the loiig promontory of Fort GOorge eouiri"Tio made out, by nliyone fri'milinf with llie lliie of the coilst. Arid sllll these two pulled on, In lliiD rhythirilcnl swing; rind uoiv Arid again they repeated their ' pathetic bewnilitaent— Though 1 leave llicc now in sorrow J-o'r' perhaps' It was 1 would that my love could silently — ariything, in short, lli.U their frasii Souiig voices found in unison; while all the world seerned gradually td nwnho; and the houses and Cas'llo lilll of Irivenilsli showed sombre umler the ever increasing canopy of pale bine sirioke. it was the Black Isle that apt pearad ittrst to catch the new day. There were yellow clearances and dark plahtatlofls, and an occasional white cottrige. Tliey look ed "human like, rind welcome, rind frleri'djy, beyond the forlorn and leaden waste Of sea. Poor Morng, seated In tlic sterri of the brint, was Wishing herself .hack Ih Tobermory again, or on. any similar rind Serviceable piece of land. in truth, Morag wns ctylng, arid Liiy Neile, rowlrig 'stroke, wns the first ib. per ceive the fact. ' "Why, Mritng, what is the lri'attcr?" she called to her. "Arc you afrrild?" "Oh, no, miss, 1 am not afraid,1' fenlii Morag, "wiping her eye's arid trying to ritlfle her sobs. "And Whatever illss Eeilri is wishing rite to do, well, I am willing t'O Uo— Kott knows that- — " "But what on oriHh are yon 'crying about?" said the frank sp'okcri Lily Neile— arid by this time the lncrjenrilng light c'oril'd r'eVenl to her With What skill she was fen- th'ering her 6nr. "Well, befOre I left Tohbcrhiorry," Said th'o hgltnfod Ate, niy mother was warning me riot to get irito dnriclier " "Oil, you silly ass," said Lily Nolle, good naturedly, "there is nb danger at rill. Don't yori kfilDw that Miss Macdoriald can swim like an otter? But you needn't disturb your self, 1 nm going to take your plnce. It's iriy life thnt Miss Macdorinid will save, and you can remain comfortably in the bent. Do you understand that; noW? Y'ori just Sit where you nre. Onl', you Can reach us an onr If j'oti see We are drowning." 'Lily,'1 ;Eelln Mriedoilnld protested, "this Isri't part of the bargain. If. Morng is frigh tened,- We ban get somebody else, some other morriing. -But yori have uo change of clothes — " "Oh; yes, I lirive," snld Miss Nfcllo, who was a young person of grant Courage In all these girlish advehtureB. "I came prepared; nobody ever knows wlint Is going to bripperi ; In that hag Is everything both of lis could wnnt. Morng cnli sit la the heat. "Eelln, Eelln," she crlbd, tnuhtliigly, "is It yori that's afraid? Y'oii thnt would junife cloWu a tiger's tiiront to linve a wrestle with him In side! Eelln Mncdoiinld, afraid of anything! thnt Would be a joke! Well, we're far enough now; aave me or not, here gees. Back, how, nnd get the way off her, for that's only piny- tng fair. Are you rendy, Nell? Opener sen than this you don't wnnt nuyivhere; It's a right down honest trial." "Look here, LU," snld the ontswonian at the bow, "I think I rnu liudcrtnkc to keep you afloat for a minute 01- two— but no! — oh, no! — T cannot, nnd will not, undertake to recover your Tniu o' Shunter." "Ah, there's something in that," re sponded the wise ilmlden, nnd she began to withdraw her bonnet pin. "You know you're not sneli a fearful Idiot fts you look. There's A glimmer of common sense about you sometimes — rarely — hilt sometimes. You're a microcephalous ape — but there's Just u glimmer of sense about you some times — " She placed her grey Tarn 0' Shnnter in the stem. "I suppose It will be horribly cold when I Jump overboard?" she said, apprehensively. "But tills Is nn honest trial, you know; be- enrise If I were to hear the ship crunch on to a rock In the Red Sen, for - example, I Bliouldn't he Waiting In my enhln to pin oil this blessed Turn. How In, there! Enough Way! Oil, Eclin Mncdoiinld, Wouldn't It he too distressful If they Were to sec' ub from the shore, and- put out In a boat to rescue us!" Quite unconsciously she was undoing from her ueek nn eagle's claw set In sliver thnt her mother hail given her, and ub uncon sciously she stuck It into the Tain 0' Sbanter. Something Was to be saved from the ship wreck. "Lily," snld IVIld Eolln, Iii n piteous kind of way. "I think we linve made n mlstnke. There Is 11b need for you; or for Morng either, to get wot through. I only wanted to show you how long one, can keep In tile water with one's clothes oil, anil I can do Hint well euougli— so— so — you just stay where you are —and you'll get some Idea of whnt happens when one Is thrown into tlic sea unexpect edly. I will try to show you what Is beBt to do." "And you think I am such a ghastly sneak!" exclaimed the other in open scorn, "Well, Lll, old woman, here's your work Cut out for you!"— and with 110 further word of wnrnlng she placed 011c foot ou the gun wale nnd flung herself over. The seething wnter submerged her for not more than a second or two; here she was again, blowing the salt from her lipB, nnd striking about with her hnnfls. "Oh, don't splash, Lll— don't splash! I'm coming for you!"— aud With thnt Eelin of the sea-blue eyes (alio, also, bad carefully re moved her Turn 0' Sliniiter) dropped over the side. In nuotlier moment she bud get hold of her friend. "Mind you, don't grip me, Lll!" she cried— when she lind shaken Iter head like a Newfoundland dog— "I'm going to show you how It's done— fiat you must slialri beltig lusenslblb— and don't cling to uib — " Now that they were in the water, tliey fdlmd there was, a 'tougher sen ori tliriu thc-.v could linve anticipated, - looking from Giwarts; ami Ebllu hnd to riinke a stiff light fori It." Worse thriri all, the set of the tide- was steadily carrying the boat nwriy; and' that egregious fool of a woman, Morng, had no thought of putting the oars ,lu the row locks, aud moving, in their direction; indeed, rihe was petrified with fear. Aud meanwhile —well, no one who has riot tried it can tell how terribly dlillcult it Is to hold up another person Iii water, even for a few. seconds— meanwhile Eelln was struggling with her task; and If she wris a Newfoundland dog In habit, she was a lioness lu heart; she would not confess to Herself thnt there wus the slightest risk of dnriger; she gently plied her way— and Lily Neile was too alarmed to he otherwise than quiescent. The fool Morng let the boat drift. And now, for anyone buttling for life— because that Is what It hnd come to— there wns nil extraordinary vivid ness in ali things visible arouud. Fort George was outlined against the sea-horizon. There wns sunlight 011 the Blnek Isle, aud on lis yellow clearances. A small steluner, mak ing In for the Bemily Firth left A dingy trail of smoke behind It; but it was golug aiviiy; there was no hope .in thnt .direction. And still Wild Eelln strove to give good lienrt to her faithful friend rind iilly. "It's nil right, Lll," she managed to say wiieil the riimiiig waves would let her— "It's quite right— we shall be at the boat in a minute— then — then haul yourself . In don't — dori't mind me " It renily wns in less than n minute there after that they reached 'the boat; hut by this tlnie Eelln was wholly exhausted, ' and her companion was riot In inticll better ease. "Catch tlic gunwale. Lll— catch the gun wale!" she gasped. "Fin (lone. Good - " It was all of "Good-bye!" that she could utter; the lapping waves came over her moiitli; arid when Biie liild' dOne her best to make sure of Lily Nelle's safety, 'she foil away ami disappeared— the weight of water In her clothes dragging her driwii: But Lily Nolle was riot -such A fool its Morag. When she had scrambled Into the boat, she breath: le'ssly putyan oar Into a rowlock, nnd, with que or two rapid strokes, shoved the how round. And when Eelln, in some wild, dis tracted fashion, cnriic to the surface ngalu, making a final effort to gain a breath of air, .well, then, Lily Neile wris swift to snnteli at the dishevelled hlue- hlnck tresses, and she held on— nml held 011 — though she herself was about sinking Into utter col lapse.; . and . still . she held on; unlit she lind got her coinpnnlon dragged In over the gmi- ri'lile. Mbrng's contribution to the perform ance was a continued fit of hysterical, weep ing — while the frontier of the dawn unfolded Itself, nnd Fort George shone cienr. It wns over the stern . that Eclln was dragged In, rind there for a few socbuds she lay pnntlhg. But bnly a few seconds. -She pulied herself together. "Y011 see, Lily," she said; in disconnected sentences; "this wns more than was. bar gained for. The boat drifted so far. But 1'i'e shown yuri kuiv 1L is possible to hold up. nrijf one in the water, arid you Were a brick— you never splnsbod — aud you never elung. Oh, my. Isn't It mortal cold!" . She was shivering. "Tnke to jrorir onr, Nell," said lifer friend, '.'and let'ri get "back before the whole towtt of Invcrnlsh wakes up. ' The pulling will warm us." Arid so tliey set to Wrifk; hut new there was no pathetic "Though I ieave thee now lri sorrow," no any Invitation to go to Altna-. horry; because both of tliem were quite con scious that tliey , had been within easy riie'nsnrnble dlstririco of Secrets, of Which they did not choose to Bpenk. "Lll, dear," said Eelln; when she had got wfell 'lrito the SWlrig of lifer strokfe; "It's all verjr pleasant to, say you can liold a drown ing person up, hut you've got to brirgalri beforchnnd that the drowning person shall be Lily Nolle " "Oh, no thanks," Snld MISS Nello, through lifer -icicicd lips. "I: know, when I've had enough — — " "But you did It so well," her companion protested.. ."You. were, jiist-. admirable. If yon had clung round my neck, do you kqow where we should have been' ht this iiiiriutc? Well, I don't; but It wouldn't have been In this here bont. Morag," she snld ngaln, "why didn't you pht tllfe onrs in the rowlfeeks nnd come a hit nearer Us?" N (To be Continued.) . America Revisited. — "The Leader" special. com missioner's articles now appearing every week in tint journal. 