TERRIBLE BURNING ACCI. DENT. A SYDNEY MAN FALLS ON A HOT STEAM-PIPE IN A BATH. HIS FLESH ADHERED TO THE PIPE LIKEA STEAK TO A FRYINGI'AN.. AN AWFUL SIGHT. Whilein a bath in Pitt-street, a Mr Jarvis had the misfortune to slip and fall, on the hot .cater pipes,, and before he could it rescued he was scalded 'and burnt. in a terrible way. The shock of the barning and the fall proveld to be very disastrous for Mr Jarvis, and for a number of years after he was a comfinnced invalid, suffering terribly fromn locomotor ataxia and other forms of paralysis. A few months 'ago, however, reports began to be circulated in the neigh boarhoiod that Mr Jarvis eas getthing round again, and that he had had a most marvellous recovery from this apparently incurable malady. It was on account of these rumors that a special reporter from the Sydney "Worker 'wasdespatchedl to get all in. formation regarding same, and one afternoon he made his way to his house, 45 Crown-lars, Ultimo. Mr Thos. Jarvis was disoorered nursing a two-year-old baby, and his face declared him one of the happiest men in Sydney. lie was p and about, and able to answer the knock at tile door. Although palennd bearing still a few marks of a eriti cal illness and a period of pain, it was very clear that lie was an invalid no more. InI reply to 'the preliminary questions lihe said:-" Yon anmat to know about my case? Well, Iam glad of an opportunity to tllyou Tihe facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." " How long were you sufferin !" " Well, twelve months ago I got sno ad that I had to leave off work, and I have dlone nothing since then. About five years ago next Christmas I met with an accident; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since' the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of malady, I was forced to give up my billet at the Globe Islandl." " What were the symptoms I" " Simply indescribable. The pains wero. something terrible. They werejustabout as much as I could bear, They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my Ieones in two in every part of Inme. I had no control over my bowels or bladulder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was'incessantly shivering andl shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 2'lrd of March last I saw a well-known doctor, and he told mne my case was utterly hopeless. However, lie gave ine an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions." " Did you make use of the oraler ' " No; I camne home and went to bed, and have been pretty well since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact, I could not get ot of bedl. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only' a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all lie could, by opium and morphia pills to case the agony I was in. I was under him for live or six weeks. lie came to the conclusion that I was suffering frmn loco. motor ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal chord, char. aecterisedl by peculiar disturbances' of gait; and dilliculty 'in co-ordinating voluntary miovements.' lie told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the se of my les. (Just then tile patient kicked his legs alout with energy to show that medicas opinion is not infallible.) Well,'just as a drowning man will grasp a straw, I graspel at the idea conveyed by the advertisemnent describing te curea effected in the case of another boiler-maker in Enghunl, which I read in the "Austra. liane Workman," b1y Dr. Williamns' Pink Pills for Pale People.. I read in the adver. tilsement of a case which seemlcd to lit my own.- I deternnined to give the pills a trial anyway, and sent fern hbx. The effect was manrvellous as it was mangical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me.' It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible.' I imnmediately left the bed and was able to monve about. You see thosle crnitches there? They are' perfectly new, and I have never used them, and now I don't want them." H'IHe is 100 per cent better," said Mrs' Janris, who had come in andl taken tile' haby on her knees. " The )r. Williamn' Pink Pills for Pale People have savedl his life, and madie another man of him." A friend who called in at: this point said that Jarvis locked ten years younger that day than ho.did a fortnight previou. "1 can now," continued Jarvis, "' have a cold bath, and the feeling has comae Iack inton'y legs.' I aicribe all the change anl benefit to Dr. 'Williams' Pliik Pills. Tnhey have saved my life I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new' man. On thei mantelpiece.there is a box' of opium andl mdrpia' pills which the doctor gave me to leaden the excrniciating pain. :But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybaly who knows me hlas, beau anmazel at the change in mne. They can hardly believe their. eyes. ly behig about vgain has Oiaused quite a sensation out here." Such is this remarkable history, and it confinns what is said in all the chief news papers of this country of tile astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. Thiy' cure locomotor ataxy, lidrtihl paialysis, and spinal disease, also tho' .plany disorders which arise from an impoverishedl state of tihe blood, such as amemnnns pale and sallow coiaiplexioni, general nmuscular weakness, indigestion, loss of ap. naetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back,' nervons headache, etc. Mr J. S. T. M'GonCen, leaderof the Labor Party in the N.S.W. Legislative Asselnmbly, 'ieas seen by oulr reporter inn conliection withll the remarkable case of Thomas Jarvis. 31r .'(Iowan says he lad kneown J.rvir fron, infalticy. lie also knecw thlat hle Inad to give up Ilis work at Ulebe Lland abattoirs twch'e' anontihs ago owing to a maladnl which he lcveleloped. HIe afterwan?a heard thate L Jn'rieas Iwas bcd-ridden, enal thecre was no chance of his recovery, lie unlerstrxal Jlarvis was refuseld adminion to Svlaney Iloalital, as his case had beaen prn,;unacedl ineuraale. Mr .I'ihaan was, thlerefore, likce relveon eale e who knew thie facts, astoundednai t teie n iomplete recovery of Jarvis., lThese waoncderaui pills are obtainable fromn leading clheeists, or from thie Dr. Willinams' hlnlicine Co., Flinalern.street, .iellbounre, wanl will foneward, past paid, on receipt of nstmlsl' aorn let ordelc, oane box flan' . 9,1, er half a alaaaa.n frt' lis al. See that ithe genluinc 1Dr. \Willialns' nare galttcen. "l ).C.L." 'When applied to a man i higlh Academis di'cinetion. When applied iso sli.kl:y "D.C.L." is the hiniet diatinntion it can pmes. "D.C.L." (Blck Bottle)i Scofl Whiky is perfect. 