heart and sword. PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL AUBANQEMEKT. J By JOHN STRANGE WINTER, Author of "Bootles's Baby," "Beautiful Jim," " A Magnificent Young Man," "ABorn Soldier," "The Colonel's Daughter," "The Soul of the Bishop," "The Other Muu's Wife," "Regimental Legends," "CaTalry Life," Strango Story of My Life," "Ho Went For a Soldier," "Mignon's Husband," &o.; CorvaiauT. CHAPTER XV.— .Continued) 'VK AWRENCE CALLAGHAN, ns a (j|f4 theatrical manager, had modol- 6 led himself upon his old chief, Philip Lavender. At the arch- deacon s words, he crossed ins legs, strained himself hack in his chair, and rubbed his iin gers stiffly to and fro over his chin. ' "Well, now, Mr. Archdeacon,' he said, in his most confidential tones, ' I am very pleased to hear you say that, because wo have had a great many re proaches hurled at us which are abso lutely and utterly unjust, and even an actor, you know, has his feelings — has his feelings. And it is hard, when you are doing your very best, to be openly reproached as a king of public polluters of the young and innocent. Of course, with a wide-minded woman like the duchess, I felt pretty sure of my ground. A duchess carries great weight, Mr. Archdeacon; and it is a good thing both foy your daughter-in- law and for me that the Duchess of Aberdeen is as wide-minded and, I may Eay, as morally influential as she is. But when I get the opinion of1 a man in another position — a high dignitary of the church, a man of weight, learning, and personal influence — I got some thing more . than the influence which even a duchess wields, I get what I may call the opinion of an expert in morality. And I must, confess with pleasure to you that it is very comfort able to ine to feel that you do not con demn the play which you have seen to night. It is strong, it deals with very deep subjects, such as are not always openly discussed; but we all know that these deep and weighty questions exist, and I do not believe it is pos sible that they can bo discussed more delicately and more — more— more — ' ' And with greater subtlety,' sug gested the archdeacon, drawing in his under lip and looking very wise. \- 1 Yes, Mr. Archdeacon, you are quite right— with greater subtlety— than lias bpen.;qcsqmplishec(. by my, frjend, .Mr. Aubrey Brandon. I, personally, have no tnstd for plays which may be characterised as loose ; I- mnke for success — as tvery actor who goes into management does— but it would take away all the savour out of the salt of my success if I know that I had made it by anything approaching to our pandering to infamy. That reproach has been hurled at me,' he went on, speaking very gravely; but whilo I know that I am on the right track I can afford to let tliem say what they will, and it is the opinion of such men as yourself which tells me definitely whether I am on tljo right track or the wrong one. So that 1 thank you with all my heart for coming to-night, and still more for giving me the privilege of your presence privately and the en couragement of your good' opinion.' On the whole the archdeacon and Mrs, Alison wont home from' Lawrence Callaghan's theatre' that', night ox- tremely well pleased both with them selves and with everybody else. ' As nico a young follow,' said the archdeacon, ' as I have had tho pleasuro of meeting for many a long day — simple- minded, modest, and thoroughly stead fast. Evidently in a good position, my dour, if one may judge of a man by tho company he keeps.' ' "What puzzles me,' said Mrs, Alison, taking no notice of the arehdencon's remarks, ' is the wonderful wuyt in which little Kit has taken her place in the world. To see her to-night, in her little plain, black frock, without a jewel or even a flower, sitting there, the centre of everything— the pivot upon which everything turned — with ns little embarrassment as you stand in your own pulpit, my dear; it is wonderful!' ' Blood will toll,' said the archdeacon. 1 'Yes, evidently so, for dear old Miss 'Whitakcr was a lady, a perfect lady, if ever tliero was one ; and although littlo Kit was brought up simply, quietly, and I may suy even mengrely in Littlo Gracothorpo, she is as dainty n littlo lady as ever breathed. I am sura, wheif one thinks of that child making all that money — fifty pounds a week — it is extraordinary.' 'And thinking only of Gregory,' said tho archdeacon. ' That is not wondorful,' said Gre gory's mothor; ' no, that is not wonder ful.' ' It is very lucky for Gregory,' said the archdeacon. ' AV ell, yes, it is,' returned his wife, dubiously; 'it is. But it is very hard upon him to bo out there and she hero in England, particularly when she is living such a life — I mean suoh a /life of interests, of interests' sepnrnto from his.' , ' Still,' said the arclidoacon, ' my dear, that is only for a time. The bdy.will have his troop soon; indeed, as you know, lie may got it at any time, so that wo need not pity him "too much. Of course it is hard for him to have to leave his young wife, very, vary hard, but it would be a great deal harder if ho had to' leave hor, as lie might havo had to do, in less ' affluent . oirnumstances. Think if she had had to go out and oaru her living as a governess, or somothing of that kind, when he knew that all her toil meant toil with practically no roturn. She might havo had to- do all sorts of things; I mean work which would havo boon disagreeable and dis heartening, and practically, without payment. Oh, I don't pity Gregory very much. He will be hack in next to no time, and they will be as happy as you please when he does come.' Mcanwhilo, Kit and tho two girls had gone homo to. the "Belvedere together. They always stayed with her, but the archdeacon and Mrs. Alison preferred to go to their old quarters in a favourite hotel just off Piccadilly. And almost the same thoughts were flitting through Kit's busy brain as were occupying hor father and mother in law. She could not help thinking how she had eome in the light of an astonishment to Mrs. Alison. 'I suppose she thinks that I ought to bo soared by the duchess,' she said to herself ; ' and perhaps I ought to he, but I'm not, not a bit. Auntie always said that I had no need to he seared by anybody, and auntie was quito right. After all, the duchess couldn't play Prudence Pasturell.' At this point slio was so intensely amused by her own thoughts that she burst into a peal of gay laughter. Violet Alison woke up from a somo- what sleepy condition with a start. ' AVhat are you laughing at, Kit?' she exclaimed. ' AVbat is it ?' ' I was thinking, said Kit, ' that was all.' ' Are you often taken that way ?' asked tho girl gaily. ' No, not often ; suoh funny thoughts don't often come to my mind.' ' Do share them with us.' 'AVoll,' said Kit, 'I was thinking how amazed your mother waj to- night with my self -possession ; she looked as if she thought I ought to be seared by a real live duchess. And then the thought came to me that if she is a duchess she couldn't play Prudence Pasturell !' For a moment there was silence, then Connie said quietly — ' Eo, but if she did everybody would go to soe hor try it !' And at this Kit laughed moro merrily than ever. The following day the archdeacon and Mrs. Alison lunched with Kit to moot Philip Lavender. ' Kit ' had duly impressed upon her mother-in-law tho honour that this occasion conveyed. ' To get Mr. Lavender to eome to lunch to meet anybody,' said Kit, ' is simply what one may call the chance of a lifetime.' ' My dear Kit !' said Mrs. Alison. 'I assure you I am not speaking with any exaggeration. I never realised before what an enormous success I have had !' ' My dear Kit, you are quite foolish on tho subject,' said the archdeacon's wife with great dignity. ' You only say that, Mrs. Alison, because you do not understand the posi tion that such a mau takes in the world; and I toll you it is perfectly true that it is the greatest compliment that Mr. Lavender knows how to puy me, to accept an invitation to lunch, especially on a week day. You havo never mot him ?' ' Eever, excepting at your wedding, when he barely spoke to me.' ' When you have dono so, you will understand where his extraordinary influence eomos in ; why it is people talk of him and think of. him as if he were outside the pale of ordinary human beings — as he is.' To this luncheon sho had invited hor own manager and Sir John and Lady Trench, anil I am hound to say that Mrs. Alison carried away with hor as false an idea of tho dramatic profession as she hud indulged in during all hor previous life. She had, up to tho time of hor daughter-in-law's success, re garded the stago, as a pursuit, a sort of social Sodom and Gomorrah, denizened by persons unfit for association with such august beings as herself. After Lawrence Callaghan's supper and Miss Mallindor's luncheon pnrty it must bo confessed that Mrs. Alison went hack to hor native fastness with quite as erroneous an impression as sho hold aforetime. They were impressions as far apart from each other as tho polos are asuudor ; for ' her tho theatrical world was from that timo peopled with a new race — a race courteous, quiet, studious, unselfish, even ascetic. To her Philip Lavender, with his clear-cut monkish face, wus like some figure out of history. In . nil her life before sho hud never seen -such; a man. His greut personal dignity, his quiet rcservo, his studious manner, . the way in which he spoko, always when he gavo an opinion with the manner of a person who know, tho wondorful fire of wit which passed botween him and Sir John Trench was a revelation to Mrs. Alison, She had henrd of sointillnting wit, hut sho had never -known- it bofore', und, somehow that day sho realised" that there were heights which she could'not renoh; somehow she folt thatnlthough they were in. excellent society at Littlo Gracethorpe, all the' well born, well placed, affluent pooplo whom she knew wore as nothing compared with these two ablo brains foncing brilliantly to gether. i During that one short meal- Mrs; Alison realised that the elect are not necessarily, of 'ono tribe, SHo began tQ understand, as . she heard her hitherto unconsidered littlo daughter-in-law sending out quick, brief flashes of wit; like a tiny' rapier between the heavy swords' of Lavender and Sir .John Trench, .that to be of tho elect you must bo born, but that your birth need not of necessity bo noble, I beard-a'gveat painter say onoe, ' There are only two classes of society, the afistoeracy and us.' With Mrs. Alison, up to that timo, all socioty had been represented by one class of people — the county. The county, not of the county ; in the county, and not of the county. She had recognised no wider lines. In one week's visit to London - she recognised the full social value of Miss Mallinder, tho actress. CHAPTER XVI. Captain Ai.tson. J f\ \ RCHDEA- / \ \ CON Ali- — son's visit \ the memor- N <alf VP ahlo visit and suppor party, that several people inquired of him in a more or loss jocular manner as to whether the swagger old parson had oxpressed any opinion on the morals of the play. 'Opinion,' ho returned to each ques tion, ' by Georgo, but didn't ho express an opinion. He told mo that it was the finest sermon he had heard preached for years !' 'You don't say so! "Well, there's never any knowing what these parsons will do or how thoy'U take things. I should have thought that a cut- and- dricd old chap liko that would have takon tho cnt-and-ilried lino, and aired all tho old ideas about purity and suoh like. I should got a few moro parsons, if I were you; it's wonderful tho influence a parson has in a thoatre — far more than he has out of it. And at that moment a new iden struck Lnwrenee Callaghan. He was not a young man to let tho grass grow under his foot, and when a bright idea struck him he lost no timo in carrying it into effect. So from that moment any clergymen who arrived at Lawrence Callaghan's theatre wore politely and firmly told that they would book them seats with pleasure, hut that Mi-. Cal laghan did not take monoy from the clergy. It was a clevor move. Oddly enough the scheme never found its way into tho Press, and many wore the con jectures as to why the clorgy had so thoroughly taken up the play of Pru dence Pasturell. ' What is there about it that gathers all the black coats here ? ' said a man one night, looking round the theatre. There are seventeen clergyman here, and they all seem to ho thoroughly approving and enjoying the piece. I shouldn't have thought it a play likoly to attract parsons.' However, Lawrence Callaghan kept his own counsel, and his clergyman guests did not betray him, excepting to one anothor. So tho reputation of the piece grew and grew. It seemed as if the public would never he tired of it; and Kit Mallinder began to bo called tho actress of long runs, and to acquire, among hor other jewels of reputation, that of boing a mascotte. It seomed as if there could he no check to the brilliance of her career. Hor great gift had carried her straight to tho front, and, what was more, kept her there. Tho great success grew as only a groat succosb ever can grow. There was nevor a wiser saying than 'Nothing succeeds liko success.' So timo rolled on, and the , play had been running for nearly six months, and seemed liko to run for "six and twice six again. This brought tho timo to tho very end of . tho . season, when Lawrence . Callaghan intpndod to close his theatre and to mako a short tour through the provinoos, playing at a limited number of first-class towns, anil taking a short holiday before. oponing again in London the first weolc in October. By this timo it must he confessed that Kit was looking forward to a holiday with all hor heart. She had scarcoly beon a night out of the hill, tho part was an oxtromcly tiring and exhausting ono, tho hoat of that year was very great, and she bognri to think with a longing which was almost passionate of Scotch .Moors, of sea breezes, of snow- eovercd Alps. Sho had never been in Switzerland, sho hail not tho least idea what the Alps wore like, but such was tho bent of hor mind. Anil at last thoy got to their closing week. . ! It. happened one morning that Kit wont into tho dining-room of her flat wlioro her Bistor-in-law, Violet, was reading hor ' letters. She was very pale and weary looking, her face, not much less white than tho cambric wrapper she was woaring. You look liko a ghost, Kit,' said Violet, ' ohecrfully. . ' I fool like o .boiled rag,' said Kit, promptly. ' I will tell you what it is, A'iolot, I- want a holiday.' - ' AVoll, you'll soon havo one now.' ' Yes, I know!' " ' v| Try. 'to make. a good breakfast,' said Violet, cheerfully. . '. I holiovo . that is one of the great seorots of koeping well'. You don't oat enough, This kodgoreo looks awfully good.1 ' ! Sho was a vory.holpf uland judiciously kind girl. Sho poured out Kit's coffee, coaxod hor into1 ' eating the kodgoroo, ; told hor oho or two bits of gossip which I sho had gathered freih lior. loiters, and ministered to . hor generally in a way whioh mado the jaded actress fool -years younger and pounds bettor. Thon Kit bogau in - a doshltory kind' of . way to open hor own lottei's, while Violet took tip thq npwspapor and glanced at the contents. . , M Thejf had not sat thus for moro than two minutes when Violet uttered an exclamation:. 'Oh Kit, oh Kit,' Bhe'said; 'Oh, Kit I' . '"What's the mnttor.?' said Kit.' ' Bad news?' . ' .. ' 'Eo, dear, not had news. "He's got his troop.' Kit's fade suddenly bloomed out to a fine roseate hue. 'Oh!' sho said, with a sigh, of .-relief.,-- "Then it won't he long before he is home again. Oh, how I wish he. could c'pnio while I am free.' '.You will telegraph tho news ?' said Violet. ' ' Telegraph ! Had I better ?' 'Oh, yesj I should. Ho will know it sooner, ' and' when you are making arrangements everyday is nrccious.' fto be coNriKirr.d.l 