Sermon for Sunday. The Riohes of Christ. Br the Lite Bet. O. H. Sronoxoii. Unto me, who am less than tlio least of all enlnts, is this grace given, that i should prooah among the Gontlles the unaoarohablo riches of Ohrint.— Epheslann ill. 8. 1'ho apostle Paul folt it a great privilege to be allowed to preach tho gospel. Ho did not look upon his culling as u drudgery or a servitude, but he entered upon it with intense delight. All God's truly - sent sorvants havo experienced much delight in the declaration of tho gospel ot Jesus; and it is natural that they should, for their message is ono of mercy and lovo. Wlion Dr. Oaroy was labouring in India, and his son Felix had acooptod the office of am bassador to tho King of Burmab, Carey said, "Felix has drivelled into an am bassador" — as ho looked upon the highest earthly offlco as an uttor de gradation if for it the minister of the Gospel forsook his lofty vocation. Paul blesses God that this great grace was given to him, that he might preuoh among the Gentiles the unsearenablo riches of Ohrist ; he looked upon it, not as toil, but as a grace. He was never perplexed aa to the subject of his ministry. I do not find the apostle in all his writings proposing to himself tho question, "What shall I preuoh ?" No, my brethren; ho had bcon taught in tho college of Christ, and hud thoroughly loomed his one subjoct, so that, preferring it beyond all else, he said, with solemn .decision, " I determined not to know anything among you, eave Jesus Christ and Him crucified." From his first sermon to his lust, when he laid down his nook upon the block to seal his testi mony with his blond, Paul preached Christ, and nothing but Christ. Ho lifted up tho cross, and extolled the Son of God, who hied thereon. His one and only calling here below was to cry, "Behold tho Lamb! Behold the Lamb of God which tnketh away 'the Bin of the world !" 1\. First, the glorious Porsonof the- text. The Lord Jesus Christ was tho first promiso of God to the sons of men after the fall. When our first parents had been banished . from the garden, all was dark before them. There was not a star to gild the cheerless . midnight of thoir guilty und despairing souls until their God appeared to them, and said in meroy, "The Seed . of tho woman ahull bruise the serpent's head." Seok ye Him i Behold, in Bethle hem's manger Emmanuel is horn — God is with us.. Before your eyes Ho lies who was both the Son of Mary and tho Son of the Blessed ; an infant, and yet infinite ; of a span long, and yet filling all eternity ; wrapped in swaddling bands, and yet too great for space to hold Him. Thirty and more years Ho lived on earth ; the latter part of His lifo was spent in a ministry full of suffering to Himself, but fraught with good toothors. " We beheld His glory, the glory us of the Only-begotten of tho Father, full of graco and truth." Never man spake like that Han.- Ho was a man- on fire with love. Ho was seized by His enemies, one night when wrestling in prayer, be trayed by tho man who had eaten bread with Him ; He was dragged "before tribunal after tribunal through that long and sorrowful night, and wrongfully acousod of blasphemy and sedition. They scourged Him ; though none of His works deserved a blow, yet the ploughers made deep furrows ou His back. They mocked Him ; though Ho merited the homage of all intelligent beings, yet they spat in His face, and smote Him with their mailed fists, and said, "Prophesy, who is he that smote Thee!"' Ho was made lower than a slave ; oven tho abjeets opened : their months with laughter at Him, and the elavos scoffed at him. To end the scone, they took Him through the stroets of the Jerusalem over which He had wept ; they hounded Him ahrng the Via Dolorosa, out through tho gato to the mount of doom, and thoy drove the cruel iron through His hands . midfeet ! Can you boar to see the spectacle ; «f blood and anguish as they lift Him up i between heaven and earth, spade a sacrifice for tho sin of His people P Ho bleeds, He thirsts, He-groans,. He cries ; at last He dies' —a death whose unknown griefs nro not to be imagined, and which; wero they known, would bo beyond oxpression by human tongue. Now, it was tho historyof thticruolfixlon which Paul delighted to proaoh — Christ orueiiiod was liis theme — this old, old story whioh yo have heard from your ohildhood, tho story of the Son of God, who loved us and gave Him self for ua. To all know that our Lord, after Ho lmd been taken down from tho cross and lajd iu'tho tomb, remained there but a few short hours, and then on the third day rose again from tho dead ; tho same, yet not the same — a Man, but no raoro dospisod and re jected. Ho communed with His servants in a familiar and yet glorious manner for forty days, and cheered und comforted their heurts, and thon, from the top of Olivet, in the sight of tho company, He asoendod to His Father's throne. Follow Him with your hearts if yo cannot with your eyes, and seo Him by faith. 2\. Secondly, Paul preached the unsearoh- ablo riches of Christ. Paul had no stinted Saviour to present to a few, no narrow- hearted Christ to be the head of a clique, no weak Redeemer who could pardon only those little offonders 'who scarcely needed it, hut he preaohed a great Saviour to the groat masses — a great Saviour to great sinners ; he preaohed tho Conqueror with dyed garments, travelling in tho greatness of His strength, whose name is " Mighty to Savo." Lot us inquire in what respects we may ascribe to our Lord Jesus tho possession of unsearchablo riches F Our answer is, first, He has unaoarchuhlo richos of lovo to sinners us they ure. Jesus so loves men that wo can only uso the " 80," but we cannot fiud the word to match with it. In the Frenoh revolution thoro was a young man condemned to tho guillotino, and shut up in ono of tho prisons. Ho was greatly loved by many, hut thoro was one who loved him muro than all put togother. How know we this F It was bis own fnther ; and tho love ho bore his sou was proved in this way : When the lists wero called, the fathor, whoso name was exactly tho same as his sou's, answered to the name, and tho fathor rode in the gloomy tumbril out to tho pluco of execu tion, and his head rolled bouoath the nxo instead of his son's — a victim to mighty love. See hero an image of tho' lovo of Christ to sinners; for thus Jesus died for the un godly, viewed as such. If thoy lmd not been ungodly, neither they nor Ho needed to havo died ; if they had not sinned, there would have been no need for a suffering; Saviour ; but Jesus proved His boundless Move "in thut, whilo wo wero yet sinners, Christ diod for us." Tour name was in tho condemned list, my fellow-sinner ; hut if you believe in Jesus' your name is there no longer, for Christ's narno is put in your stead, and you shall learn that JSo suffered for you, tho Just for tho unjust, that He might bring you to God. Is not this the greatest wonder of divine love, that it should he set upon us as sinners F I eon understand God's loving reformed sinners und repenting sinnors ; but here is the glory of it : " God commondoth' His love towards us, iu that, while we were yet sinnors — yet sinners! — Christdicd for us." Oh, I pray that this boundloss wealth of lovo on the part of Jesus to those who were rebels and oncmics may win your hearts to lovo tho heavenly Lover in return. In the next place, Jesus bus riohes of pardon for thoso who repent of their sins. My Lord Jesus, by His death, has become immensely rich in pardoning power. If thou desirest pardon, sinner, there is no reason why thou shouldst not have it, and have it now. Tho blood of Christ can wash our blasphemy, adultery, foruioation, lying, slander, por jury, theft, murder. Though thou hast raked in the very kennels of hell till thou hast blackened thyself to tho colour of a devil, yet if thon wilt come to Christ and ask mercy, Ho will absolve thee, from ull sin. Do but wash in tho hath which He has filled with blood, and " though your sins bo us scarlet, thoy shall he us white us snow ; though they ho red like crimson, tlioy I shall be as wool." Again, Christ has riohes I of comfort for all that mourn. What is the cause of your weeping ? Is it your sin ? Christ has a handkerchief that can wipe 1 away such tears. He can blot out your sins | like a cloud, and liko a thick cloud your iniquities. Bo but comb to Him, and your' deepest sorrow shall .disappear beneath His sympathetic lovo. Are you sorrowful because you havo lost a friend F Ho will bo a friend to you. Havo yon been deocivod and botrayedP My Master oan meat that oraving of your naturo nftor friendship and sympathy. Confide in Him, and He will nover forsake ybu. Oh! I oairaot tellyou how rioh He is in consolation, hut the Holy Ghost can tell you. If you do but got Josiu, you shall find, as Bernard used to say, that Ho is "lionoy to tho mouth, music to the car, and heaven to tho hoart." Win Ohrist, and vou shall - want nothing beyond Him ; lay hold of Him, and you shall say with the apostle, "I have learned in whatsoever state I am, therewith to ho content," for Ho hath said, "I will nover leavo theo nor forsake thee." ' My Master has riches of happinoss to bestow upon you. I have had more joy iu half an hour's oom- nnuiion with Christ than I have found in months of other comforts. I have lmd much to make me happy — divers successos and smiles of Providence whioh have cheered and comforted my heart ; hut they ura all froth on the cup, more hubbies — the foam of life, and not its true depth of bliss. To know Christ and to he found in Him—oh ! this is lifo, this is joy, this is marrow and fatness, wine on tho lees well refined ! My Master does not treat His servants churlishly ; He gives to them as u king giveth to a king; Ho gives them two hoavons —a heaven below iu sorving Him here, and a heaven above in delighting Him for ever. The unsoarehablo riohes of Christ will ho host known in eternity. Tho riehes of Christ are not so much to bo enjoyed here as there. He will give you by the road mid on tho way to boavon all you need ; your place of defenoo shall ho tho munitions of rooks, your bread shall ba given yon, and your water shall bo sure ; but it is there, there, there, where you shall hear tho song of them that triumph; tho shout of them that feust. My Master nas such riches that you cannot conut them ; you can not guess them, muoli loss oan you oonvey their fullness in words. Thoy are unsearoh- ablo! You may look, und search and weigh, but Christ is a greater Christ than you think Him to be when your thoughts are at tho greatest. My Muster Is more able to pardon tlmn you to sin, more ablo to forgive than you to transgress. My Master is more ready to supply than you nro to usk, and ten thousand times more prepared to save than you are to bo saved. Never tolorate low thoughts of my Lord Jesus. Your highest estimates will dishonour Him ; when you put tho crown on His head, you will only crown Him with silvor wlion He deserves gold ; when you sing tho best of your songs, you will only, give Him poor, discordant musio compared with what lie deserves ; hut, oh ! do you boliovo in Hini, that Ho is a great Ohrist, a mighty Saviour. Great sinner, come and do Him honour by trusting in Him aa a great Saviour. Como with your great sins, and your great, oares, and your great wants ! Come and welcome ! 