WISE WORDS. What comes from the heart goes to the heart. Position honors no man; the man should shed glory upon the position. To see Kean act was like reading Shake speare by dashes of lightning. The largest part of mankind are nowhere greater strangers than at home. All that is perfect is double; each face has two profiles, each coin two sides. Wisdom which lives for itself alone is like the myrtle in the desert j it delights no one. He who assists by lending to the poor is nobler and better than he who gives alms to them. When men and women rise from prayer and find themselves better, that prayer is answered. To every dark side of life there will always be a bright one, if we will only take the trouble to look for it. All we can grasp of the problems of life is to recognise what an infinity of things are beyond our knowledge. There may be many wrong ways of doing a right thing, but there can be no right way of doing a wrong thing. It is not God's way that great blessings should descend without the sacrifice first of great blessings.—Newman. Anyone who willingly lets himself fall into little temptations will find it harder and harder to resist great ones. Deny yourselves, so that you will have something to spare for those who are in greater need than yourselves. There are very few who give much un willingly. But there are very many who give a little with the best of will. The problem of grief and evil is and will be always the greatest enigma of being, only second to the existence of being itself. —Henri Frederic Amiel. We learn words by rote, but not their meaning: that must be paid for with our life-blood, and printed in the subtle fibres of our nerves.—George Eliot. How will it be with us if thou dost aban don us, and what shall our hope be if thou ceasest to assist us, O Mary, thou who art the help of Christians P—St. Germain. Man must die—nay, man must live; 'tis life we must think of—eternal life; whether it is to be a happy or a miserable one is a matter which is largely under a man's own control. He who wishes to give but would not have others give, grudges their merit. He who wishes others to give, but gives no thing himself, is avaricious. He who gives and wishes others to give also is truly pious. The Sacred Heart is the key of the Incar nation; the Incarnation is the treasure house in which are all the truths of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Anyone who knows the Sacred Heart aright will know the whole science of God and of man, the relations between God and man, and between man and man. These truths are the dogma of dogmas, the treasures hid in the Sacred Heart, the tabernacle of God.— Cardinal Manning. The aged seem out of place in cities; town has no place for them. The leisure and calm and beauty of the country ought to be more congenial to them than the glitter of shops and theatres; and there is a fitness in getting near to the earth that has nourished them so long and will pre sently claim them back again. Gardening and farming, in easy moderation, ought to be their calling and their pleasure in ad vanced years.—Charles M. Skinner. To believe your own thought, to believe that jvhat is true for you in your private heart is true for all men—that is genius. Spelak your latent conviction, and it shall be the universal sense; fdr the inmost in due time becomes the outmost—and our first thought is rendered back to ub by the trumpets of the last judgment. Familiar as the voice of mind is to each, the highest merit we ascribe to Moses, Plato, and Mil ton is that they set at naught books and traditions, and spoke hot what men thought but what they thought.—Ealph Waldo Emerson. There are many who acquire much know ledge, yet whose minds remain compara tively barren, simply because they have been content to look upon this knowledge as a mere commodity—as a mere tool, in tended to work out some exterior purpose, and they have forgotten that it. is only part of a great comprehensive and noble proceBB to which we are all subjected in this life for. the unfolding and the ripening and the purifying of character—for enab ling us in the highest sense to discharge our . duty to God and to man. -W. E. Glad stone. 