CHAPTER JI .—Til 13 PHANTOM OF THF POND. One evening in (lie autumn, when I was not yet eight, 1 sal with my father ami mother in the parlour of the cottage. The lamp was alight, and we listened to (he mother rending aloud. It was a calm evening; a very small air whispered in the leaves of the trees: it was warm, and one ot' the two French windows, through which you stepped directly into the grounds, was wide open. Sly father had been toying for some minutes with a tobacco-pouch: lie now shipped his pockets, looked at the mantel piece and round the room, and then told my mother to stop reading, as he had mis laid his pipe. Suddenly he cried out, "I know where it is; put on your cap and go and fetch it, Walter; you'll find it in its case on a shelf at the end of the conservatory. I exactly l'emember now wliere 1 laid it down." "Couldn't you go?"' said my mother. '"There is plenty of moonlight," an swered my father; "the boy will whip there and hac-k: I am not going" into the dew in* my slippers." 1 put oil my cap and passed through the window of (he parlour into the grounds. L will not say 1 was afraid, but it was an errand 1 laid rather my father had under taken than 1. Some of us are imaginative and a-JittJe fearful at night when we are about seven and three-quarters. I did not like.the moonshine; it made the bushes stand up like human figures; the light breeze in the trees swept shadowy figui-es over the' grass and the walks and the beds. The conservatory' stood at the bottom of the grounds, and was a walk of a few minutes. I was about to .run when a black eat, or »t might have been a rabbit, darted a thwart in front of me. I stopped dead. A bush on .the left looked exceedingly like a man stooping in the act of taking aim. The : noise of wheels in the road gave nie heart, and I pushed on, broke into a trot, then ran swiftly as for life. The conservatory was uncommonly dismal in the moonbeams; the glass was duty and the light feeble, and the smell of the bulbs and flowers-was earthy arid vault-like. . I thought I'saw a.man, struck motidnless by- my apparition- whilst in the act of climbing a row of ascending ledges, many of which were vacant flower-pots. I stared with a frantic heart, and scarcely *Ti\/r- rtni/MM Ai flying :on hut^ the thing;Jcepfe£§*^Mr-tWJp :ti»guishedraftera imi^with ihe imns:ae^liUOT^i4he': aster's jcoafc,'.po doubt, butM :'i^ilyf»W:th(e:pipe^^^whj^fiMyi^ : haha;-{md-went up the?tilea. Walk ^pbduct-'^.p '« tofe to 4hek»i$age.: Tk% of • me paBt'tliatjwohflerfulold^^ndl'hayi^^ijf,fff ■pcribedt:. fjtsksliinykjjjatejkClique moonlight; and lay stiretclipd in ajdtefefcjol . pearl.-. .The lyuniharysparkled very pleaifjo tbis part, and Twas.pai8sin^ on, noticing , . with my Aildisli ^aTC^ie '^^diaeeentUh-: : ^! tion the pearly watekitbok'fcom the bldck, ^?!' rich neglected growth, .romid' al^out'the pond,~wnen I .halted as though :3ightahng- -: strudk.' What'did I pee? - l^at/,^Bch(yoju 5??g will not believe I saw, for. who bE^tB the, f, relation' of the visionary?; ; But I Wap.-tpp . •young to-be a-ghost-seer;,my brain Was top iresli . .and clear, the blood in pay "• flowed with the sweetuess fi|g5routh; tbere - ?; was nothing morbid, actingSfepohscioiiBiy. to myself, to coiu for tlie vision iu my.-jaObd ,.. ; such, a '.eifeht as haiOuddeiily.. arrested my i yoiinglegs. .as inahaltof death. , i- v i " , It was the form of a young woman stand :ing on the pedfstnl in tlie middle of the pond. • .The black'growth beyond showed through her;- she. seemed to be formed''of 'vmpwiv ■ which, lighted by the moon, sparkled like salt. I saw -her-face distinctly; it was ;,urned-towards nie,. and I can sayjtor 1 >ught to know) that it- was a face of sweet ..md touching beautjy without sorrowj.with"-- - out mirth, a-middle expression as it were, ' such as-tbe face wears in thought when the ■■ heart is at; rest. Her arms and bosom were naked, but from ber hips the slieen or silvery texture of which she was formed. , .flowed like'a robe-to the pedestal- And In my breathless halt during a light passage ■-■■■ of' the evening breeze—it was about. 8 o'clock—1 saw the folds of her ethereal gar ment-wave. . i do not. know what my sensations were; it is impossible for me to recall or analyse them; 1 was too young. But i can cer tainly recollect' standing and gazing,with a feeling of awe, mingled with curiosity and terror. The hands of the figure were clasped before it, and its hair heated in the moonlight in a translucent mist; then imagining 1 heard a footstep in the direc tion. of the conservatory, 1 ran witiv the speed of a hare to the house..' Bovs need to run far to become breath less. 1. was breathless, but not through running. Uly .mother instantly, noticed the expression of my face, perhaps in my enlarged eyes. • 0, "'What is the matter, Walter?' she asked. , ,, 1 went round to the table and gave the pipe to my father, and said:— Jt '"There is a woman in the pond. "What's that," exclaimed my father, "A woman!" ejaculated my mother. . I began to tremble, and without crying, but in a crviug voice exclaimed, "There s a white woman standing up iu the liuddle ot the nond." ' / , . 'What has the child seen.' exclaimed my .mother, looking frightened and direct ing lic-r eyes through the open window. "Come here, my boy,' said my wither. He fell- my pulse, and told nie to put out my tongue. . , "He eats too many of that old woman i sweets," said he. •'Ho yon feel hot ? ' asked my moiher. "Yes," 1 answered. "His stomach is upset,' said my father. "Give him a powder mid let h'm go to thought it hard that I should be ob liged to take a powder because 1 bad been compelled to see what I had not iiskcu to see, aud could have prayed not to see. "I am not hot," 1 said: "there is a woman in the pond; she is white, aud stands in the middle. ' "Nonsense!" exclaimed my father. But my mother looked at me anxiously, and seemed a little scared. < "V have never known the boy to see ghosts before," said she; "why don t you go and see what it is.' ... , My father left the room for his boots, lie went into the grounds, ar.d my mother went after him with a shawl oyer her head, and I followed -her, hoping that the figure was gone, as it would frighten me horribly to see it again. \\\ e reached the pond, and my lather said— "Where is tins white woman of yours. The moon shone brilliantly upon the pedestal, and all was bright cK-ai .in tlicie. The figure had vanished. "f tell you it was there, 1 said stuu "lle eats too many of those sweets, mid von must give him a ponder. Nothing nkc a little grey powder to dispel ghosts, said my father. . ,, Nevertheless he went to the gate in the railing, which the gardener had kept clear of the growth, and peered into the moon bright wider and slowly cast his eyes around as if trying to perceive a cause for inv hallucination. 'Though I was relieved bv the disappearance of the phantom, 1 diu not like to be doubted cither, and J said to mv mother— T "It stood there looking at me. _ it uas in all white like a cloud. It bad a face**d arms, and J could see through it. Mv mother made no answer. Nio Hp lieved me, and it made her uneasy to ttiinU that I should have seen a ghost. . "Well, there's nothing here, said my father, coming slowly from the gate. 'It is the effects of those heavy blocks of molasses and butter. If the old woman sells iiim more than two sous worth n week I'll chai-ge her with the doctors bill. "Come with me dear," said my mother, and we went upstairs. . "Now don't go and make out that he has seen any tiling else hut had treacle aud cheap butter," cried my father after us. Mv mother sat with me for some time after 1 was in bed, and rang the bell for a glass oi' sweetened warm wine and water, which comforted me. She easily saw that 1 was not ill, and stood in no need of plivsicp'aiid this, I fancy, made licr the move concerned thai I should h*iA'p seen The phantom. f.'lie' asked me if it was like anybody 1 knew, lind I answered no. Then she assured me it was au imagination and never could have existed. Nevertheless, after she was gone, I lay awake some time thinking much of tlic apparition. I was a little boy, l's P1'"?' but my sight was good.as '"X fa#?J _a or mother's, and 1 hail beheld the thing, and coul» describe it, which certainly would have been impossible to such mi eu tjon as I had, and there was no wreath of mist in all the land that was going to repose in a shape of beauty.upon that pedertal and look at me with nc.U.cr Borrow nor cheerfulness. However, the morning sunshine dis patched the ghost put nfmy head-.and neither my father nor mother referred to lt I was still" at home," learning ho lessons, doing nothing, an idle boy, with much U?o much—time on. iny little hands. 1 _ went into the garden after breakfast, and began to search in the di tell between the npxt field and our. ground? tor anything- l-cpUfd find. 1 started a frog or two and'a yoj"J8 mouse. It was a 5hright, and the land was piebald with theshadowa 97 of aoring Solid. "What do-boys hunt jor) When they get into ditches, andgrub In and amonghedges? : What dpthey expect - ltd find? F^apsmymeasuiVlayinthe . hope of finding something.. After toiling for some tame ni this aimless/quest,creep- i iug, pausing, peering, starting/Igrew jack of at, and carae out of the tangled ditch. 1 now thought that I would sail myl bout in the pond, and Meat .to the" house to fetch it. A tall hedge divided the two gardens, and the pond lay on the . other side of the hedge. 1 took my boat,' which had bgcn my mother's .gift on..my : last birthday, and made for the pond, with " never a thought of the phantom, iii ,niy head. The gate stood open as it usually did.. In the course of the day the gar dener was constantly taking water from the pond. "For some'.reaBon I am unable to -explain, lie had placed' a bucket upon the pedestal. He contrived this by means of a hooked jjble. I knelt close to the edge of the pond and put my boatupon the Water, but whilst I watched. it lipping through a clear opening amid the eiiiuV and weedy surface, I over balanced myself and went head over heels. Though these sre puerilities they are deep truths to me, and what how happened is the most'wonderful circumstance of my life. The pond was deep enough to drown three boys like me standing on one another's head. I slanted in without a splash as 1 suspect, and when I was under water I. thought to myself, "This' is a dream." Even whilst I thought,; and very swiftly, for I must have risen soon after that first dive, I distinctly saw in the water, whether with my eyes closed or open I don't know, the phantom of the. preceding night. It was a shape of mist, its face was close to mine, and I very weil remember the expression, the look that was not sorrowful or smiling, and the cloud of hair streaming off iu the green -obscure. It vanished in a breath, and 1 rose with a bubbling yell close against the pedestal, so close that I was . able to seize the bucket, which I turned over my head and then floated a few feet away in it. I'litre was no air in this bucket, and I 'let go and down I sank. 1 have the corn pietest recollection of my sensations; there was no fear, nothing but a feeling of dieaminess, as if I had fallen asleep and should wake in a minute and find myself at the brink of the pond with the boat in my hand. I rose again and splashed, and cried out as loudly as I could, for my throat was full of filthy water aud weeds. Who had told me, where had I read, that if you go down the tliird lime you do not rise again? This idea was present to me when I sank, kicking out and struggling, hut the belief proved false iu uiv case, for 1 rose for the third time close against the stanchion-irons. I grasped them, got my knees on the edge of the brickwork, and rolled upon the grass, where I lay motion less as though I had been drowned indeed, full of water, weeds, and tittlebats. As 1 was afterwards told, whilst I lay thus the gardener came along. He had heard nothing, lie crunched leisurely along the gravel walk, but on easting his eye at the pond he instantly saw by the clearness of its surface that it had been swept, and in some way perturbed. He approached the opposite gate to look, aud immediately catching sight of my floating cap and the boat, lie shouted, "My God! he lies down at the bottom." He shook off his boots and pulled off his coat, and idunged in manfully—a filthy header—' black-clear as the water showed where I had kicked and stmggled. He swam well, and made nothing of that pond, having the pedestal as a rc-st, and the brick wall with in a kick or two of his feet. He sank and fell, and came up and blew, and emerging at last half-drowned against the gate close beside which 1 lay, lie saw me. "Ah, God!" cried he, and scrambled out. I lay on my face and presented every ap pearance of death. My face and hair were covered with duckweed, aud my mouth was full of the stuff. Certainly in no fouler pool could a boy be drowned. After looking at me the gardener picked me up, and ran with me to the house. My mother was in the parlour, in the act of entering, in fact, when the gardener ar rived at the open window, clasping my drenched^ figure to'his equally drenched form. She shrieked on seeing me, and cried, _ "Is he drowned? Bring him in. Lay him on the sofa! O Merciful! My poor, poor darling!" The drenched gar dener talked as lie laid me on the sofa. "I do not think he is drowned, madam, lie got out by himself. I found him lying on the grass after seeking for him in'the pond. He should be stripped, dried, and l>ut to bed. No doctor could do more," said this gardener, who if a'fool in the pre sence of a ghost, grew wise in the face of calamity. My mother rushed to the bell. The ser vants arrived, and set up a howl on seeing mc drowned as they thought. 1 was home a«ay to the kitchen, aud whilst they stripped me before the fire, showed signs _ of life. They rubbed me into a glow, and "the streaming gardener recommended a teaspoonful of eau de vie. More, perhaps, was administered, with good effect, for I' was conscious before I was put to bed. ^"his was a narrow escape from drowning, and from perishing after being delivered. My father was out, and when I awoke from a refreshing sleep I felt as well as 1 was before I made the plunge. My parents stood together looking down upon me. 1 opened my eyes and smiled. My father kissed me, and my mother also kissed me passionately, and sank upon her knees by uiy bedside, and thanked God aloud in a clear, adoring mother's voide for His merciful preservation of ine, whilst my father stood looking on deeply moved. My mother thou asked me how I felt. I told her 1 wanted to get up. She would not hear of this, and promised to sit and read to nie. "I'll have that pond filled up," said my fathc-r. "I should have foreseen this. It is deep enough to drown a taller man than 1." "I saw the white woman again," said T. M,v mother started, glanced at my father, tlien^ looked at me. "The white woman of last night?" she asked in a tone that nearly expressed tenor. "Yes," said I. "She wag in the water, and when I sank she came close to me, and I saw bar face just the same as last Dight." ".Fust the same?" said" my mother, scarcely concealing her superstitious |larm. "Yes, she was all white," I answered. "What lie saw," said my father, "was the impression left upon his brain by the figure he imagines he has seen." He then said to me, "Did you see that white woman in the water before you fell in?" "No '-' I answered. "Did no tiling invite you to plunge in?" "I fell in," said I. "That's about the amount of it," said my father; "and the white woman's a white lie. But that pond must be ^filled up, ghost or no ghost. Indeed, of late I have often fancied it smelt disagreeably." After some further ' words he left my •mother to talk aud read to me. I was kfept in bed that day, end was quite well next morning. 38 