DOINGS. (B% Somebody.) 1 read with; more than usual interesl a digest of the evidence at the "crowner'f quest" on the body of the late Harold Frederic. In a remote degree from thai dead mau, 1 am a literary chap; and al though I am buried in an obscure settle ment like Perth, situated in a distan! corner of the British Empire, there ii no reason against my feeling amore thai ordinary excitation when I think of th« peculiar way he committed "bari kari." For that he did kill *rnn«plf is certain True, there were accessories before ano after the fact, and these aiders and abet tors should have been picking oakum ere this only for one weak tribute paid to the credulities, superstitions, and ig- norant savagery of the end of the nine teenth century. Harold Frederic got a larger bee than usual in his bonnet, when he took a sudden, but very real, dislike to ordi- nary medical treatment, and rushed inte a sudden belief in "healing by faith." Necessarily, he died. He took his "faith" pure-didn't dilute it in any way -so he died. Now, one part of faith and three parts of podophllyn forms an excellent remedy for indigestion, but pure faith is like pure strychnine, most infernally dangerous, and should be labelled "Poison" when/used alone. His mistress, however, must have be- lieved almost as earnestly as he did, for, although she did not sacrifice her life, she only got half her lover's money, his wife getting the other moiety. So the mistress was genuine, although stupid. You can do anything safely in the name of God-robbery, jobbery, murder even- but get blasphemously drunk in public and see how: very quickly they'll "run you in." I fancy, however, if you could only get drunk* La the name of God, you'd be allowed to Quietly repose in the near- est dry guttef^ill you recovered. This is a logical assumption, in face of the fact that Mrs. Athalie Mills, the woman who gave Frederic his doses of "faith, only" three times a day, is not in "Holloway," or in the pit ander a gallows for that matter. She killed him in jbhe name of God, and only got a guinea a week for* the job. Three bottles ox pure faith a week, and after the third bottle Frederic felt the restorative ef- fects of the drug to such an extent that he is now au "angel in heaven," with no- thing on but a halo that wasn't made for him, doesn't fit, and makes him feel ino afc infernally uncomfortable. Quietly scan the following extracts from the body of the evidence given by this awful woman, Mills, and then ask yourself, "Is it any wonder that Conti- nental European nations vote us hypo- crites and liars, and call us 'shopkeep- ers?' " Fancy an examination like Mi ll s's in a coroner's court in the great- est city of the world just at the close of the nineteenth century. One would imagine it was the thirteenth, for denser ignorance, grosser credulity, or a more hellish superstition could not have exist- ed even in those distant, times : Mrs. Athalie Mills, 71 Seymour-street, deposed that her husband was a Chris- tian Scientist. Witness became one two years ago. The Coroner: What have you to do to be a Christian Scientist? Witness: Follow the laws of God. Enow the truth, and Uve it Anything else?-That keeps you pretty busy. (Laughter.) What about alcohol?-No alcohol. That is a «laim It is not God's daim. Did you treat him with any drugi No. My sole treatment was speaking to him about the teachings of Jesus and God's power. They charged 21s. a week for this treatment. Did you expect to restore the de- ceased to bodily health by that treat- ment?-I! I did not expect to do any- thing. God does alL I told Tiim that Mrs. Mill* could do nothing. If you want Christian science, gentlemen (this to the jury), don't depend upon Mrs. Mills. Do you believe that your patiente will recover?-With God all things are pos- sible, and it is good to be healthy and strong. Thank God, I was healed in Christian science myself . I was not healthy and strong, but now sm. How many patients can you treat at the same time?-We do not limit God. He is limitless-infinite and good, and I know it. He is a loving, true, and good God, and He does everything for us, if we reflect Him. But we do not reflect TTim in drinking and carousing and do- ing anything wrong. Thai what you. do for a guinea a weti tho deceased could have dene for him- ¡ self, and all -"*»uld do *nr Lûemsç-»es* Yes ; if they take the Bible and read it, and keep all the commandments of God, they can. The Coroner : What would you do iî! you broke your leg? Witness: Oh, God takes care of a broken leg. He is a good surgeon. I live in the present. God is the present. I cant tell you what I would do. Mr. Mathew : Exactly- What is Chris- tian science? Witness : You can find it in the bible. It- is believing in God's power, and is the practical application of the teach- ing of Jesus. You claim to cure disease?-No. Truth cures. Truth does alL I believe that all those who believe in Jesus could do the work of Jesus. Are you a healer ?-To the best of my ability I am a healer, but in reality Christ is tile only real healer. I know nothing about the body now. It is the mind. I live a pure life. Mr. Mathew: Do you know that de- ceased's condition was such that medi- cine was necessary for the preservation of Ufe? Witness : T know that there is no power in matter. The knowledge of God heals. While under treatment a patient did as he chose. Mr. Monkland: Have you the same; healing power as our Saviour? Witness: L of course. I believe in Him and in His teaching. Mr. Monkland : The only difference is that He gave His services and you are paid? Well, what do you think of all this? Do you notice the mixture of impudence, cunning, and biblical gibberish, the subtle evasion of all direct questions put to this rascal in petticoats? How her smug face must have wreathed in grins, how her sanctimo- nious eyes must have winked at the greasy spectators when she stated that she lived "a pure life." There was to my mind one truthful answer, where she says she has the same healing power as our Saviour. He was a splendid, self-denying, self-sacri- ficing man, always too ready to go with- out, that others might have ; a whole souled beautiful nature-one who doubt- less never had a penny in His pocket, for the simple reason that it was always being given to the worthless world around Him. He was too good for this world, so they slaughtered Him. All the same, the smug female rascal Mills has exactly the same inherent capacity for "healing by faith," neither more nor less. The "miracle" attributes are purely and simply the invention of man, and man in his heart of hearts acknow- ledges this. But the section that "makes a living at the game" would, and does, violently denounce anyone having the courage of his convictions, and who dares to express any "but the most implicit faith in the "miracle" branch of their extremely profitable business. And there is plenty of this moral filth heaped up, festering, decaying, and disseminating its fatal exhalations in Perth and the rest of the colony. It is a twelfth century one as regards the absolute domination of the teachers of religion. There are plenty of the Mille genus about us, in trousers and petti- coats, hard-grinding, griping, and ava- ricious, not "straining the quality oí mercy," for the simple reason that they know it not. Insolent, because the modern purifying element-Reason has not yet reached these distant shores. Intolerant, because there has not yet been constituted in this colony a force or power which shall at first hold in check and ultimately destroy them. Do you think they are not alive tc the fact that their power is waning; that they are not fully aware their efforts, like those of the vast horde ol temperance fanatics, are becoming more and more futile? Do you suppose they are not quite cognisant of the fur- ther fact that, entirely owing to them an J. their endeavors, they are turning out from their dangerous looms tens ol thousands of sceptics every week? Thej know all these things, yet keep on theil destructive march, leaving behind then] the rotting carcases of mischief and the whitened bones of a dead faith. And they cannot well help themselves. Thej are doomed to keep on, like Dante'* moneychangers, because they are sc far adventured on the fathomless morass into which they have got thad tiley may just as well go forward a« not. Either course has "Death" at tbt end-a dead belief and a dead religion. And when a new religion-the worahi{ of God, not the vengeful god they hav< set up, which is, after all, only a nam« for the revenge and the hardheartednesi they embody, only a. name for thal Dead Sea of corruption, "Society"-sha! have taken the place of the old rotten ness, then this worship of the gooc God, interpreted by Season, will effec tuaily stamp out religious vampires of the Mills kind. There was no stupidity about thi female rascal Mills, but of all the dun derheaded crass idiots, I fancy Karole Frederic could go up top. He is dead but, upon my conscience, he deserved t< die for allowing himself to be placet in the hands of a pore professor o "healing by faith." To find 100 wee ones studying in i room designed to accommodate 65 i really nothing when you came to thin! of it. They are warmer and more com f ortable. packed in this way, than if tbei had space to sprawl their little legs ant arms about. You cannot even ñnagin how rrmnK comfort these hundred had say on Friday last, when the thermome ter ran up to the respectable total o 103deg. in the shade It was just thi kind of day for them, herded as thej were, to distinguish themselves at theil lessons. The seventy youngsters, too, fount standing in the school corridor, receivin; instruction, and the statement of th acting Mayor that the litle ones wen compelled to stand throughout the daj for a whole week, are really contempt ible trifles, too trivial for the Educatioi Department, its Minister, and official to take notice cf. That "tho urinal was in a filthy am disgusting condition, and apparently ha not been visited by the nightman" i really too nonsensical to make a- fas about, and shows clearly enough that th "foreign devils"' who hare come arnon us from "the colonies" wish to take rh governing power out of our hands. Why, we have always been a ccu; terned to the nightman not- calling. Pr; vious to the advent of the ' foreign d« vile" we hadn't nightmen at all. and it-' I lollly to keep the iona er from always girding and growling at us that we have them now. What's the good oí them? Just think of the expense they are to us. We could easily build another pier at Busselton, if we hadn't to turn oui a lot of cash each month for grants for schools. To educate foreign children, too, for the most part! that's the ag- gravating part or it. Then, there is the wicked complaint about the infant school. We build a se- parate place for these brats entirely un- connected with the main liuilding. '»V e built it to receive 75 of them, and, be- cause we happen to cram in 170, they even growl at that. How were we to know when we built it for 75 that there were 170 of +he=e little wretches requiring to be taught the elements? It's taking a mean advantage of our generosity, and you know how generous we are to dump down such a crowd in one spot. The whole thing is a plot, got up solely to bring us into disrepute Not that we care a rap about it. H.LM.N.S.J. and his satraps are too closely knit together by bonds of blood and mutual interest for these foreigners to do them and us any real harm. Besides, they haven't got votes, most of them, and we can therefore afford to laugh (among our- selves) at them and their wasted efforts. If they really are puerile enough to object to overcrowding the Plympton school, why don't they get it removed to-Bunbury? There they would avoid any possible chance of it, for our bene- factor and ruler would build them a school to accommodate not 170, but 1,700 if required. He would build it at' once-out of the funds which are not available-and include the cost in an Excess Bill, which he can bring down next session. Parliament would pass the amount right enough. O, dear me, yes ; there wouldn't be the slightest dif- ficulty. It is an excellent Parliament in that respect. Always does what he tells 'em to, and never thinks of think- ing for itself at alL Why, bless me, if members' commenced to do that sort of thing there would be an end to con- stitutional Government-in Western Australia. It would mpan mass, in- stead of family rule, and that wouldn't do, would it? At all events, it wouldn't meet our views. No, no, no ; our Par- liamentary majority must be an obe- dient one, else good-bye to our food duties, and without those you know well I dread to think of the result. We might even have to fall back to living on our own capital-aye, we might pos- sibly have to commence eating it, and that eventuality, to us, an economical, rigidly economical, people, is too dread- ful to contemplate. With other people's money, of course, its different. The re- venue from the gold industry, the money that comes directly and indirectly from the Murchison, Kalgoorlie, Coolgar- die, etc., etc, etc., into our hands, we don't mind manipulating, and we are quite prepared to deal liberally with it Just make the wants of Karridale, the » as se, Bunbury, Pinjarrah, Broome, Derby, or Onslow, known to us, and we'll soon let them have their jetties, gaols, courthouses, agñcultm^-haUs, oí whatever buildings they want. Ol course just now we can't, because even tile goldfields moneys are all gone, ex- cept that .£10,000 "for the new pier building at Bunbury, to berth the ileet of ships that will be sure to visit that port-somo day. That ¿10,000 must be kept. Its sacred money, like thc offerings io Buddha, and if we wanted it for our own pressing needs, which, thank "Our Lord," we don't, we should not dare to touch it But any othei money we may have from the goldfield; in the future, and which we can in am way spare, we shall only be too happv to allocate for the requirements of the coastal places in question. Hidden away on the last sheet of thc organ which runs the Government, oi Wednesday last, is a very lurid ano beastly story. It is at once unsavorj and eminently characteristic. It dis- closes one .of the methods adopted by the city fathers of getting rid of liquid refuse, without having any trouble ovei tile disgusting but higMy necessary bus! ness. It would seem, that the frightful stuff is carted nightly from hotels and eating-houses by the sanitary people who levy a very high charge upon the« places for the service, leaving it to bt understood that the matter is cartee away out of the city and treated as night soiL The simple-minded officials wh< administer the sanitary branch, or som« oilier equally irresponsible official, say : "Oh, damn it all, we're not going to take the stuff out of town ; drop it into th< city drains, Jim, Jack, and John." So having done the householders out o moneys for work which has only bea half-performed, the filth, is dropped int< the drains, which should, but don't, re ticulate the whole of the city. On the occasion under notice, Mon day, or rather Tuesday morning, twx city fathers were doing a midnigh: prowL They state they had attended : business meeting, and, of course, wen on their way home-(we all know ho\ business meetings don't break up till th "wee sma' hoors")-and they saw : workman dropping the filth from hil cart down an open trap in a drain im mediately opposite the railway gates Pretty tall infernal impudence this! Di< you read Stead's "Satan's Invisibli World Displayed" ? No. Well, get hol< of it, and find out whether the dreadiu disclosures therein equalled the in famous story told by the workman, wfci said that he was ordered by a City Coun eil official, whose name he gave, to di as he was doing, viz., emptying the "un bearable, stinking" stuff into the quasi surface drains of the city. The cir father who was interrogated said he wa: .raíortu&d; iiL-xz the practice of dropping liquid refuse into tile drains had been going on fer two years. Is this disclosure nor too awful ? Last week we had it up to I03deg. in the shade : and the unnameable, unspeak- able, and altogether impassible insani- tary "sanitary city fathers" had allowed this iniquity, this awful criminality, to go on without let or hindrance for two years' The story of Coomassie nearly, but not quite, equals this in horror. While thc latter menaced the opponents of the party in power, the former, the elected of the people, deliberately, spread di&ease; and death over the whole [ district The episode is almost too in- ; credible. Kot even in Abyssinia, the ', Soudan, or New Guinea, is such an ' atrocity possible. It has been reserved ! for tie insanitary committee of the j Perth City Council to take first prize for municipal infamy. I And so Miser "Tyson's" relations are ¡ fighting over the dead carrion. If there | is consciousness after death, the miser must bc gnashing his'teeth in finding] what the results of his earthly life of j ineffable meanness and sordid garnering ¡ has resulted in. The Perth Government .organ published a leader last- week tak- ; ing the life of this ineffably- wretched. human animal for its test- It pointed ' out that his career of ''rigid self-deniaL" j and "strict economy," were praiseworthy j traits, and in accordance with its reli- gious, mercenary, and altogether hellish instincts, it put the dead creature on a high moral plane. i Why, the whole world knows that the j relatives of the dead miser are over- whelmed with Joy and delight that the j breath is out of his body. Whatever j may be the result of the family di seen- J sions, or rather the "rush for the spoil," on one point they are absolutely in uni- son. They'll put such a gigantic stone ' over him that there won't be the ghost of a chance of resurrection. Whatever tire organ which runs the Government of W.A. may pretend to think of dead Tyson, it is only truth to affirm that he was no good to any one on earth, and he will only be a welcome tionaddition to the "fifth circle" in In- ferno. 