Chapter II.—From Over the Sea. On this same day an open-landau was being\ driven out from Invergarva bringing two strangers into the secluded glen. One oi them was an old man of striking appearance—an old man of quite unusual; stature; his long flowing beard of a yellowish-white; his pinched and pinkish features speaking of habitual, ex-1 Ensure' to the weather ; a dark-blue Balmoral onnet crowning his picturesque head.' His companion was a much younger man—about, thirty or so—and not nearly so'tall, but of great muscular breadth of frame; his face "thoughtful and relined; his clear brown eyes steady and contemplative, and kindly withal. These two were_ father, aud sou, and the latter was describing to the former—who ap peared to be stone-blind—the various points of the landscape as they came into view, though he was continually being interrupted, for the old man kept eagerly suggesting this or that detail borrowed from-his own mental picture to find out if he had remembered rightly through the long interval of years. "Yes, yes," he was saying in an excited fashion—and, if he did not see, he certainly seemed to see and vividly—" that's the Brae Pool—the steep bank and the bushes—a terrible place for losing flies. And there's a big rock up at the corner—can you make it out,lad ?—and a great black hole underneath—I wonder none of us boys were ever drowned there —when we were after rowans or nuts; and then from 'the corner there's a wide stretch of shingle and sand leading away along to the Whirlpool—isn't that so, Somerled?" "Quite right, father," the other made answer. "And in the middle of the valley, on the shingle, there are the stumps of one or two uprooted trees—nearly white—and halt buried " " Wnat, still there?' he exclaimed. "Why, man, these were the trees that came down in the great flood 1—well I mind ic—the water was up to the doorstep of Kinvaig House— and the ferry boat-wa3 whirled away afong 'to Parlies. ' So the big roots are still sticking out of the sand?—to think of that now!—a fine hiding-p ace they were for us boys for any thing the keepers were not to see." "There appears to be a small church on the top of the hill just in front of us." "Of course, man, of course! Kinvaig church! But how should you know? And it's a pifcvthere's no service to-day; maybe one or two of the old folk might have re membered the tall teacher. That was my name in the Gaelic—the tall teacher. Ay, I was a long-legged lad; I could put the miles behind me. And so we've come to the steep hill—and the churoh; there used to be a row of Scotch first—along the crest ——" "Just lieyond the chureh—yes." " Well I mind them—well, well; and larches sloping down the other side—a famous place •for the roe when we were' beating the woods. ; And the firs—the Scotch firs—they're a laud mark ; they're visible all the way from Beu-an Sloich, or Ben Vora, or even as far west as Strathgorm, and they cell to everyone that near by is the old burying-piace of the Mac doualds of Kinvaig. My word for it, Somer led, when we bade good-bye a week or two ago to tne Macdonalds of the Canadian Kin vaig, I warrant you there were many of them thinking of the Scotch firs on the crest of the hill.!' Th- horses toiled up the long ascent, and when they had reached che summit the driver was bidden to halt in front of the entrance to the church and churchyard. Somerled Mae donaid got out first to assist his' father ; but indeed when the spleudid old man stood in the road, bearing his six feet four of height right nobly, he did not look as if he were much in need of help—ha I it not beeu for his lack of vision. Then tue younger man opmv-d a wooden box that was on the front seat of the carriage and took cheretrom a wreath of ever green ; this he handed to his father; then lie placed his fingers lightly on the old man's, arm and the two of them entered the small grave yard on the hill. These were humble and nnpretentit.us tomb stones for the most part and neany all of chein bearing the name of Maed maid; but there was one of somewhat more importance—a tall lona cross it was, of red granite—and to this the younger man made his way. His surmise was correct; lie read the legend "iEueas John Macdouald, of Kinvaig." "It is just in irout of you, father," he said, j The old man felt for ins footing and p.it out his haud and touched the stone; then he re moved his cap, he knelt down on one knee and reverently placed the wreath at the foot ot the cross. • In the midst of the cu uingly inter twisted evergreens there was a simply written card bearing these words—"Homage at the grave of our chief—from the Macdoua.ds of Kinvaig, Ontario, C ma la." 0 Id Allan Mac douald remained kneeling there for several minutes; then.he rose, ready to be led aivay. " Father," said his son, " the flowers on the grave are quite fresh—they have been recently tended." "Ay, do ye say that?' . the old man re sponded quickly. " Maybe, then, the Bean an-Tighearn* herself and Miss Ealin have been here. It would havs been strange if we had met them just at the goal of our pilgrimage. But it is of little matter it we have missed them; they will surely not take it ill it I make so bold as to call on. them when we get to Iu ver'nish and tell them of your errand." Then he paused for a moment, standing very erect, as if he were gazing abroad with his sightless eyes. "Somerled, tell me all you can see. Tell me all you can see, out to the farthest hills." It was a difficult task, • for Somerled Macdotiald had never been in this country side before, and could only describe by.ap pearances, not by names; but the blind man appeared to recognise leature after feature of the landscape, aud followed the recapitulation with intensest interest. And then—haying burned the vision into his brain—he suffered himself to'be taken back to the carriage, and. | they resumed their journey. "For you must see the big house, lad," he said ; "and we'll put up the horse3 at Bridge of Kitivuig; and maybe we'li find some old body who remembers the tall teacher. And then I would like to go down to the Garv» and sit on the banks for a while. Indeed, that is what has made rae drive out on a Sunday, at the risk of offending some of the stricter iolk ; but I wanted to hear once more the Sabbath silence of Glengarva. It's the strangest thing. I've never heard it anywhere else; but I re member it well as a boy—the Sabbath morn ing stillness that you could sit and listen to, just as itall the world was whispering to it self. I wonder if I shall be able to hear it now. Perhaps it's only in youth you can hear it, when you are wandering about alone and thinking of many things. But I should like to try—now that I am in Glengarva once more —and on a still Sabbath morning. I'm think ing, Somerled, we'll take a bit of a stroll down the strath when once we've left the landau at the inn ; I suppose the quiet corners by the river side are just the same as ever they were." • And'so they drove on along the winding valley, until, from the lofty road they were following, they came to overlook a moderately sized mansion and its - dependencies, set in a level space some way back from the stream. But though Somerled Maedonald guessed readily enough that this was Kinvaig House he did riot speak; his whole attention was absorbed by a motley group of people.who were lounging in'various attitudes around the' table out on the lawn, while the array of cham pagne bottles on the white cloth looked incom prehensible enough at this early-'houri" More over, he could see that one of those persons was twanging away at a banjo, and presently there came the echo—so faint as to be almost inaudible—of a raucous chorus. And- then— as he stared and better stared in amazement behold ! those half-recumbent figures sprang to" their feet; there were scurryings this way and that; and finally the whole gang broke into a witches' dance of capering and kicking, with flying toes and tossing skirts, while" now arid again, even at this distance, the hushed" air brought - the sound- of a brainless yelp or scream. Now young Maedonald had tumbled about the world a good deal; he was tolerant of the mariners and customs of other people;' but the question was how to get the old man past without his becoming aware of what would doubtless appear to him an absolute horror of desecration. The Sabbath silence of Glengarva!—a Carmagnole instead 1 And as ill luck would have it old Allan Macdonald's remembrance of his native strath proved to be only too. accurate. " Surely, lad, we should be about opposite K-invaig House now ?" ".Just down below us,, father—out there in the open." Then the old man would have the carriage stopped and would have the house minutely described to him—the little square old build ing and its ivy, the modern wings with their bay windows, the background of shrubbery, and so forth. . " I suppose there's no one about ?' " Not a soul," his son answered desperately. "A singular thing now," the old man con ' Pronounced Ben-au-ty earn—the Laird's Lady. tinued, "I. fancied a moment or two ago I heard a sound of singing—distant sing ing ''Oh, that is quite a common delusion when J there's a wide space around you," Somerled rejoined instantly. "I've often seemed to hear that at sea, The fact is, the ear is quite : as imaginative as the eye. It plays tricks. It hears imaginary music, just as the eye seesj imaginary ghosts——" ' "Strange—strange," the old man said—and he was evidently listening, with the coucentra tiou peculiar-to the blind. "I could almost? swear that even now there is some kind of-., measured tapping—like: some musical instru meni;— "Father,".said the younger man, affecting to laugh the matter away, "your ear is too] fanciful-; you'll hear the grass growing next— or Knight Roland blowing his magic'horn. Go ahead, driver!". And for the moment that danger was escaped.' " \ -| But worse was in store. For as theyde- J scended from these lofty heights to Bridge of.< Kinvaig and Cross, the river the solitary little i inn .came in view, and here also there was an . unwonted tumult. 'Two men, bare-headed and in shirt-sleeves,' were out in the middle of the] road playing - pitch-and- toss with half-crowns;; athird sat cross-legged on the gravel; a fourth, lav at full length on the long box used for. holding fishing-rods, and all of tnem were bawl ing bets at. each,, other and cuming each other.j with a cheerful lack of discrimination., Through ] these worthies a'general family resemblance:, ran—short stature, heavy shoulders, hairless; face, bullet-head; and more or less broken no3e and if they were too bulbous to be pugilists in proper training, pugilists of some kind they undoubtedly "were—pugilists carousing, in fact, . for there was a plenitude of tumblers about : and some half-empty champagne bottles: stood ranged along tne window-sill of the inn.,! Of course as the landau dtove up the curiosity of this sorry crew overcame the prevailing clamor, and in the temporary truce Somerled " Macdonald hurried his father into the small hostelryj hoping that he had heard nothing. j Fortunately -the two travellers were able to ■ secure a tiuy back par.or to themselves, and . when the younger man had rung the bell and asked the servant-lass to' get ready what luncheon was procurable he thought he would saunter out by himself to see what manner of persons' these were who had. invaded this remote Highland glen. They themselves were , not likely to inform him, for as he paused on ' the threshold ho discovered that a savage j quarrel had by this time broken out over the betting, so that the air was thick with oaths and asseverations and crimson adjectives.! Indeed they took no notice of him, and so be strolled on towards the river; he perceived that a man his fattier and he had passed on the way was now coining down to the bridge— ; a decent-looking elderly man with whom he . planned ;to have a few words. "I beg. your pardon, but may I ask if you belong to these parts 5" he said to the new comer. ? • ■ ■ : "I did, sir, until this morning," replied ojd: Angus the lishermin. "I have been living in? this strath ever since I was a boy,, but I am - sent away now." "How. is that?" This younger Macdonald had a curiously direct way of speech and " straightforward eyes; ho had the air of one accustomed to govern men. The story was briefly told. ! "Her ladyship was asking me to stay," old Angus added honestly. " But I am not wisii ing to make auy quarrel." _ "And what are you going to do now ?" was : the next abrupt question. "I in going out west to Ben Vora," said the old giilie in a quiet resigned way. " My daughters in service there at the lodge and she's a good lass; she will put up with me for a while uiitil I get a new place. • Butiuaybe— maybe—I have been thinking—I will be coo far ou in years to seek for a new place now." " Yon heed not trouble yourself about that," said Somerled Macdonald in his curt fashion. "Aud ybu nee 1 not trouble your daughter either, I will get you a new plane or its equivalent—if you like to trust me." The old men looked bewildered ; he was not used to find good fortune drop from the skies. j " Would the gentleman be telling me his name?" lie said timidly. _ j "My name? On, that's nothing. I dare say you never heard of use. But you've heard . of my father, no doubt. Hi ought to'be known in this district. You've heard of Mr. Allau Macdonald, of Canada " I " Him that was sending the free passes?" "The same. Well, he is my father and lie is in the inn chere; come along and see him ! I shouldn't Jwonder if you aud he hadn't many recollections in common of former days aud , the old people. Tnen we'll get a bit of some thing to eat; and vou'lidriveback with uyto Lu vergarva. jand to- morrow you'll go on witli us to Invernisii. L suppose tuere are several of the Kinvaig Macdouatds iu luveruish "On, yes, mat, sir." "And you wouldn't mind living in a town 1 If you were to get some employment iu Inver nisii youwould feeiyourself just as much at home there as nere?" "FaI-more, sir. far more. There's no home nere for uie u >w," answered old Angus. "Then ; set your mind at rest," said the younger m in in a kind of authoritative way— but perhaps his b uiitness was due to business habits and a long-acquired habit of saving every miiiute of time. "I'll get some place for ■you in Iuvernisn with not too heavy work; and if you stiil crave for tliB river-side, you cau have a turn at the Nish ou the free days, you know, tin come along and see my father. | But tirst of all, celi me wlio are these meu in i , the roadway there, ' I "They v •• the prize-fighters, sir, that his lord ship keeps ns the inn," was the reply uttered in a low voice so that no one should overhear. "Aud in the evening they go down to the big house to amuse the gentry." "God help us all," said Somerled half to himsslf. "I wonder how l am going to get my father put of this infernal den without his suspecting? anything? And this is what has come to Glengarva aud to the old home of the Macdonalds of Kinvaig?" . | They got through the brawling gang with-' out molestation aud entered the little hack parlor-; and greatly delighted was old Allan Macdonald to find a fellow-clansman who could . remember the small thatched cottage in which the tall teacher had taught his elementary . class five-and-forty years before. There were i all sorts of- reminiscences and eager questions . and willing answers, hut ever and anoa the, home-comer from Canada would bring the talk back to the Bean-an-Tighearn aud Miss Eelin, the mother and daughter , who in a.way repre-; seated the sentimental chieftianship of the Kinvaig Macdonalds. Were they approach able ladies? They would not take it ill if two strangers—claiming to be of the clan and hailing from a far country—wished to call on them and pay their respects to them? Or per-, haps they would rather not be reminded of the proud position once held by their family? They might resent intrusion? Well, these"' were rather ; recondite. questions for the old water bailiff, who, besides with all a High lander's caution, was anxious not to commit himself and give offence; but on one point old ; Angus-was explicit enough. I " There is not in ahl the Highlands," he 'said, "two leddies that are as kind as them: I am sure of it. There, is nothing they will not try to do for the poor people and the old people of Glengarva; the "sewing and i the knitting and the sending of . wool and the buying of the-stockings when they are made. And everyone knows it is not because they are rich, for it is many a day since the estate passed away from the family; but the Bean-an-Tighearn and Miss Eeling they wili always be having a little help for any one that is sick. And there is the parcels-post nowadays—they have not to come aweh down from Invernish " | I " But I suppose they sometimes pay the old j ' place a visit ?" I " Is it Kinvaig ?" said old Angus in obvious surprise—perhaps even in a kind of hurt way. i " The Bean-an-Tighearn and Miss Eelin would not be coming near the big house now " | He stopped suddenly and then he said in an evasive manner—"When they are driving out : from Invergarva to put flowers on the grave : stone mebbe there is not much .time to get back to catch the evening steamer; And I am not thinking they are very well acquent with his lordship." i: j " Aud when you were sent adrift this morn ing—as my son tells me—had you no idea-of , turning to the Bean an-Tighearn for assistance of one kind or another?" - | I "While I have my two hands left to me," •said Angus with quiet-dignity, "itisnotme that would be troubling the Bean-an-Tighearn for anything; she has plenty of others to Jbok i after." : j At this point luncheon was brought in aha the servant-lass was bidden to - set another place at- table. But they could- not persuade the old fisherman to sit down with them;' he said he would go into'the kitchen and get a bite, and he would be waiting outside for. the gentlemen if they were so kind as to think of taking him-with them-to the town of Inver nish. When he had gone the tall teacher 'said proudly— , -i | " You see, lad, I'm not quite, forgotten >'in my native glen, even apart from- the emigration business. And when we've finished luncheon we'll just stroll down to the river-side and wander along for a while to find out if'jmy memory serves. And if we were to get as1 far j as Kinvaig House Tmight chance to see his lordship; I'm sure it was only a bit of temper his dismissing the old gillie that has been water-bailiff for so many years." | "Surely you're not- going to beg that he should be taken back!" the son said indig nantly. . ...- " j I - " Oh, well, no—no. He'll be better' with | you if you have undertaken to look after him ;' he'll discover he has got into safe hands. We'll merely take a stroll along the strath as far as Kinvaig House " i But at this point Somerled Macdonald broke out in desperation— "Father, you're not going anywhere near Kinvaig House, and I'll tell you why. I have been concealing the, truth from you and it's better you should know it. You did bear , music as we came by—the strumming of a. banjo at least; and there was a crowd of men and women on the lawn at Kinvaig dancing and shrieking and kicking their heels in the air—moat of them drunk, I should say, from the number of bottles on the "--able. And this j very inii is the headquarters of a lot of prize-! fighters and at this moment they're out at the front bawling, blaspheming, and drinking and gambling, and they're maintained here by his lordship that they may amuse the ladies and gentlemen at the lodge. Pah, the whole place ; reeks with abominations—a sink of iniquity-; j and if you want to have the Crlengarva of your | youth restored, why you'll just have to buy the strath from end to end and flood it down with carbolic acid and clear out this mangy riff-raff and bring baokafew decent Highland folk, either from Invernish or from Ontavid-r-r-" "What's this you're saying,-laddie? Are ye out of your senses 5" the older man cried in bewilderment. ■' So there had to be a more minute; and de tailed description, but the refrain was qver the same— " ' ! "Buy back the glen, father,, and sweep out that scum !" - • "Na, na, lad," said the other'mqre quietly, "that's a scheme that springs quickly enough to a young brain like yours. It's nothing to you—you the great pioneer—the great'railroad kiug—to think of drafting a population, here or there; but such enterprises are not for me at my years " : ' ' I •. And who founded Kmvaig m Untario | demanded his son. ' •"That"was a while ago—a while ago," he! answered absently, and' then he said—" Well,- | Somerled, if this is the state of affairs ,in Glengarva we'd better quit. Let's go away back at once. Ring and send word to have1 the horses put to." - - j | jSo they prepared to leave, but they were not | to be allowed to depart in peace. When they got outside .they found the landau awaiting them and Angus Macdonald on the bos beside the driver ; and they were about .to cross .the intervening few yards to enter the carriage when one of the bullet-headed bystanders called out— •'You there, Conky, give the bloomin' giant a drink !" The person called Conky, who had possessed himself of a bottle and glass for his own private use, at once interposed between the blind man and the door of the landau. Here y'are, sir i" and he thrust forward a half-filled glass. "No, thanks—no, thanks !" said Somerled Macdonald, impatient and frowning, as he tried to guide his father into the carriage; Bub the crop-haired fool would not bulge, so there was nothing for it but to push him aside—gently but firmly to push him aside. And in an instant peace had become war. . " Who are you a-shovin' of, you — ? You a gemman—you? I'll give you half a minute to take off yonr coat—half a minute, neither more nor less, you And with that he dashed the bottle and glass on to the gravel and came striding forward, not even allowing the 30 second^ of proffered truce. Now here was the problem to be solved. Given A. a perfectly pacific person, ignorant of fisticuffs, and B, a professional bruiser bent on furious fight—how is A to escape from the situation with" anv measnre of safety? The solution is simple if A have sufficient nerve. All he has to do is suddenly, with his left hand, to snatch off his hat or cap and bring it violently down on B's face, and the man is not of woman horn who can avoid flinging up hoth arms to guard himself against such an amazing attack; at the. same moment A drives his right fist into whatever portion of B's car case is nearest him ; and the next spcond B is prone in the roadway, a donhled-up and amor phous heap. It is not, perhaps, an altogether sportsmanlike manmuvr-, but. in certain cir cumstances it is distinctly legitimate, and it is undoubtedly effective. Oh this occasion what happened happened all in the twinkling of an eye, and the broken-nosed bully went, swing ing into the gutter, where he lay with his elbows interclasped, like a monkey embracing a cocoanut. The strange thing was that his chums made no effort to take his part—nay, they jeered and Sco fed at him. "Served him right, the ! Why didn't he let the gemman alone? Come out o'there, Conky. or the horses'll he on the top o' vou !"• "Somerled," said old Al'an Macdonald as thev drove away, "what was all that about?" "Oh, nothing, "father, nothing," was the reply. " I thought I heard a man go down with a crash." "O'i, well"—and here Somerled Macdonald did smile a little—"perhaps he's thinking now he has got a toothache—but it isn't in the place where coothach is usually felt. (To be continued.) 