THE LATEST AUSTRALIAN POET. VICTOR DALEY'S POEMS, In tbo courso of a recent review of Australian verso appearing In tho "Pall Mall Gazette," tho writer said;— "Tho eons writers of Australia liavo hitherto claimed our Indulgence rather than com manded our admiration. Tho young country has 'lisped In numbers,' and the numbers bavo been halting and tentative. Even tho poems of Adam Lindsay Gordon owe their charra to their collo quial and intlmato treatment of the commoner emotions. Hitherto Australian poets have dono lRtlo In tho grand manner. Tho child has been too busy with the daily needs of its own life, tho dally wonder of-lts own surroundings, to he able to generalise; too full of the dally procession of littlo homely emotions to be able to take in the wider horizon of history, the larger images of tho mind." This kind of criticism is obviously the result of such imperfect understanding of Aus tralian verso-production as some oSthe antholo gies furnish. Yet Gordon found most of his ma terial In old-world subjects, and wrought largely in tho romantic spirit of a bygone time. "Tbo Rbymo of Joyous Garde" and "Britoraarto" are in tho grand 'manner; tho former, with all Its faults, a noble illustration of it, as applied to tho strongest and "commonest" of tho passions. Tho "Pall Mall Gazette" critic goes on to ex press gratified surprise at finding in tbo Aus tralian poetry of tho past ten years "a growing sense of form," at perceiving that our poets are "learning tho tricks of their trade " and accom plishing work which is "correct in rhyme and rhythm," and "without a trace of tho redun dancy and verbosity which, alas! we have grown to think Inseparable from Australian poetry"; not "tho slipshod stuff of tho amateur." The truth Is, however, that both in art and reach of vlow tho verso published hero within the past decade falls behind that of our conspicuous poets of the earlier neriod. More Australian, more direct in its appeal to those who see tho things and people around them here, the verso of Lawson, Patcrson, Dyson, and Boake, has not the fine work manship or tho imaginative Inspiration of most of that of Gordon, Kendall, nnd Stephens. Tho latter, always a consummate workman, is, in form and finish at least, tho peer of almost any poet among the world's best, and it is hard to conscien tiously find fault with Kendall on the score of rhymo and rhythm. Now comes another poet to etrengthen our claim in the field of art. For more than a dozen years past, tho occasional, exquisitely-wrought fancies dclicato love- visions, and glowing passages of poetic imagery standing above tbe name of Victor J. Daley in tho "Bulletin" and elsewhero have mado many discriminating readers wish to know moro of him. The handsomo volume just issued by Messrs. Angus and Robertson, in pursuance of their scheme of presenting tho most worthy of tho new school or Australian poets in the best form, is ono that will bo warmly welcomed beyond the confines of Australia. It will possibly be mpst ap preciated by English readers who can readily com pare it with the work that is being done by thcii own poets. For Daley, an Irisbmau, who came hero as a mere boy, and has found his singing voico among us, is not local in thought or color. The ono poem in the collection which ho has sought to make so, in familiar back-blocks fashion, "His Mate," is, perhaps, tlio least satisfactory In tho book, because incongruous in its parts, strain ed, and artificial. For the rest, it may he said almost without qualification that here is shown tho high artifice which covers up its marks en tirely, and leaves the mind wholly to the beauty of clear thought, spontaneously expressed, as it 1 appears, in the fittest terms. Mr. Daley is not a rough rider, or a politician, or a pessimist. He has heard no call to take the platform on behalf of patriotism, or progress, or any thing which can be mado a Cause. Horses might bo non-existent, war, poverty, crime, and the franchise myths, and thn IV ft I'M nil vt«Tll fni« <inv onpimin i « " " .(,»!> iui UHJ acnuua luutVdllUU iu the contrary hero discernible. Love Is daintily dressed, wine set to sparkle in lovely lights, lifo In some of its aspects philosophically considered as by ono who makes that his pleasant business, death played with by a child singing in a gravo- yard, yet with- an occasional break in its voico. As for Instance, "Cares": — Having certain cares to drown, To the pea I took them down; And I threw them in the wave, That) engulphed them like a grave. Swiftly then I piled the oar, With a light heart reached the 6horc. But behind me came my foes; Like a nine days' corpse each rose, And (a ghastly sight to see) Clutched the boat, and girncd at met With a heavy heart, alnrk, To the land I l>ore them back. Not in water or in wine Can 1 drown these cares of mine. But some day, for good and sure, 1 shall bury them secure. Where the soil is rich and brown, ' With a stone to keep them down, And, to let their end be known, Have my name carved on the stone; So that passers by may say: "Here lie cares that had their day." And sometimes by moonlight wan I may sit thai stone upon— With a spectre's solemn phlegm— In iny shroud, and laugh at theiru Or— who knows, when oil is said— Maybe weep because they're dead. Such complete and perfectly-worded thought abounds plentifully. Here is a fine example, "Tbo Gods": — Last night, as ono who hears a tragic Jest, 1 woke from dreams, half laughing, half in tears; Methought that 1 hud journeyed in the spheres, Ami stood upon the 1' la not of the Dlcstt And found thereon a folk who prayed with zest Exceeding, and through all their painful years, Like strong souls struggled on, 'mid hopes ami fears; "Where lived the gods," they said, "we shall find rest)." The gods? What gods, I thought, are these who so Inspire these worshippers with faith that flowers Immortal, nnd who make them keep aglow The flames for ever on their altar towers? "Where dwell these gods of yours?" I asked— and lo. They pointed upward to this earth of ours! Surely a sonnet this which may take Its placo in any company. And what could bo better In touching grace of similitude or slmplo directness of thought than "Sea Gifts"; — "Give thou a gift to mo, From thy treasure-house, O Sea!" baut n rciWippcd laughing girl Wliile the .summer yet was young; And the sea laughed back nnd flung At her feet ;i priceless pearl. "Give thou a gift to me. From thy treasure-house, O Sea!" Said the maiden once again. On u night of wind ami rnin. Like a ghost the moon above her Stared through winding sheets of cloud. On the sand in seaweed shroud Lay the pale corpse of her lover. Which Is better, gain or loss? Which is nobler, crown or cross? Wc shall know these things, maybe, When the dead rise from the sea. Personal nurratlvo lias but a small place in a volume which teems with pearls ot reflective thought lllto this concise antl adequate summing of a spiritual miser — Tlie narrow, thorny path lie troil; "Kilter into My joy," said God; Tlio sad ascetic shook his head. "I've lost my taste for joy," ho said. Much as tho tenderness and refinement of tho reflections and images to bo found on almost every pago must cbarm readers, moro of them will be captivatod by tho poet's molody of verse and de scriptive power, wo think, than by any othor characteristic of bis work. There is dexterous play of fancy everywhere sucli as the best of minor poets may covot. Often Mr. Daley brings suggestions of tho Elizabethan mould of poetic con templation with him, tl.il his lines seem to "ring across the sea whenco no man steers." There is a largo and careless cynicism in many of his spe culations and conclusions which compares heal thily with tho affected pessimism of some of tho modern school of minor bards, who, like Mrs. Man- talinl's brother, "havo become poets and taken tw QVUi lllUft llllllgo. 414 4JLH1V, 1141 I X-ftXlVJ touches a distinctly major conception, the stern and solemn splendor of his treatment of which will ' assuredly bo recognised by tho critics who aro kingmaker in tho realm of poetry. Tills remarkable poem has tho weirdnoss and tragical fascination which marked somo of Poo's strange phantasies, and is instinct with as Htriklng an originality, whilo being far moro coherent and powerful. By tlio merit of his deserlplvo power alono this writer stands proclaimed a truo poet. Everything Do touches is beautiful, though not disguised by tho fashion or rlchnoss of tho vosturo in which truth" is robed. Mr. Daley is not morely a decorativo colorist, but a highly gifted painter, who chooses tho lovollest colors that may bo used and applies them with suro hand and fine Judg- "M Dawn and Dusk," by Victor J. Daley: Sydocy, Angus and Robertson. ' mont. In proof of which, noto this illustration from his poem to ICondall — Dreamer ot dreams, !hy pongs and dreams are dono. Down where tliou Hleoposf. in earth's secret bosom There is no sorrow and no joy for thee, Who eons' t not see what slaw at eve there he, » Nor evermore ul morn the green dawn blossom Into tiie golden king flower of I lie sun Across tlie golden uen. In "Fragments" there nro wonderful pictures of grim desolation, which luiunt tho mind— , . , From cone to base 'Hie hills were full of hollow eyes That rayed out darkness dead nnd dull; (hay rocks grinned under ridges have, Like drv teeth in a mouldered skull; And ghastly gum-tree trunks did loom Out of black clefts and rifts of gloom, As sheeted spectres that arise From yawning graves at dead of night To till the living with nlTright; And, like to witches foul that hare Their withered arms, and bend, and east Dread curses on the sleeping lands In awful legends of the past; Red gums, with outstretched bloody hands, Shook maledictions in the air. In "A Sunset Phantasy" there is an entrancing wealth of color and lavishncss of fervid imagery as truo and striking as this warm and perfect parallel from "Brunetto" — ... Whoso socks In her dmk cheeks May sec Love's sigh— A" blush that glows Like n red rose Beneath brown wine. Ono is tempted to quote more from this admlr- ablo addition to tho garnered poetic wealth of Australia than space allows. If anything so rc- grcttablo should happen as that Victor Daley should produce no more verse, his placo among thoso whoso work will live after them Is assured. It Is safe to predict that among the cultured and discerning critics of tho old world this volume, excellent in presentation as in matter, will attract more attention than' any other of the samo series issued by the enterprising publishers. 