THS IiIGHT THAT OAST HO SHADOW. Cations stories are told about the powers SseseBsed-by cat tain .natives of India, who ve 4ig- among: tha Himalaya mountains. These old men, it is said, have devoted Scores of years to the study of natural laws and forces, which the rest of the world bnoV? nothing about. Lately a German ptofeseor visited the " adept8|" as these queer Hindus are called, for the purpose of finding oUt the secret of their remarkable performances They treated him rather sctfrVlly, but icter&ted; him all the same. One day the ptofeeaor Wanted to examine some ancient Sanskrit manuBoripts. An adept went with him to a cave wherein thu bookB were kept. The place was dart as the bottom of a well. "I can't sea to read here," said the vlBltor. " Then we will have some light," was the reply, and immediately (the professors says) a Boft peaTly light brightened the cave. He could not tell whence it came, but he noticed that it hud one strange quality-it cast not the slightest shadow. This is a story hard to believe, yet ita truth is affirmed by a man of vast learning and high character, and you who now. read it have no reason for doubt except that all the lights you have seen have oast shadows. Belief or an belief commonly ruas parallel ;?ltb one's own experience. Dr. Johnson sniffed £t account of the L'sbon earth quake, yet credited the tiffl of the Cock Lane ghost. A man who has been ill foryeirs, and failed to find a-care, is sceptical when friends tell him of a medicine which they believe will make him well. Whatelse but: doubt could result from his experience? Take an example:- - " In the spring of 1888," writes our cor-; respondent, "I fell into a low, weik, and languid state. I felt low-spirited and out of sorts. At first my stomach was de ranged, my appetite poor, and after eating I had pain and. weight at my cheBt. I was much troubled with wind, and frequently spat ap a sour fluid, also bitter bile. Later on l Battered irom nervousness and great depression of spirits. I kept up with my work, bat bad al ways a sense of discomfort. Off and on I continued in this way for two. years, cothing that I took relieving me. At last I heard of Mother Seigel's Byrup, and procured a supply. After I had taken only a few bottles I found relief; my food j digested/and gradually all nervousness left I me . Although I had no reason at first to ! feel any confidence in this medicine, never having used it or Been it used, I now gladly ; admit its value, and its power over disease. Since my recovery, for which I thank Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup, I have been in the best of health and spirits. In the interests of suffering humanity I deem it a duty to send yon. this testimony. (Signed) D. (irifljtbB, tailor and outfitter, 151, Hock ley Hill, Birmingham, June 8fch, 1893." ' There is a deal of difference between Mr. (irMSth's candid letter and the story about the light that cast 90 shadow. The latter may be true enoagh, bat it cannot be veri fied without more trouble than it is worth. On the other hand we have a trustworthy witness, who will answer letters of inquiry, and ean, be found at his address. Finally, there is nothing mystio or magical about Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. It acts on the theory, that moat ailments are bat symptoms, forma, or phases of that universal disease-indigestion and dyspepsia; it cores that, and throws the light of health ;and happiness over hearths and homes where illness and pain had cast euoh dark and terrifying shadows. And that Is why people believe all that is told of its success by eager witnesses. ADYM3 EQ H0ESEB3 --Asa yoa bro&an; In yoar rest by a sioM oblld suffering mth tbo pain ol rat ting tcotbf Go alt oaco to a ohetnijf and sat a bottio ot Mas. wzuHMw'a Sooihibo stair?. it Will wllavo tbo poo? sofiorer immediately. It Is erfeotly hamloaa and plaasaak to taste, it pro da«s natural anlafc sloop, by roller! as tbe oblloran bom paln. ana (bo Uttls ohorub awaSes as " brtebt as a button." It soothes the obllfl, i| soften* tbe pa*. alloys all pain, relievos wind, resulatea tbe trowels, and Is tbo boss haown remedy (or dywatery Bud dla»!wsa, wbsihe? arising t?&m; Jaefclng oj ether oacwa, Hfb, Winilo-y'a Soothing flrnp is cold bp Medfelna tealcsa a?ef?«?hes866 Is. IJd, Dss botiio. VAtUABIil DlSOoVMa? foR 2EQ HAIE.-Ii yonp balr Is taming groy ot #hlto» or falling ofL aoe "tbo Mexican Hair Benewor, 10? it taiK notinvtlv restdPS i!i essrj/ case Grey or Wkito ttfftfr to Its i original CSlon? without leaving tbe disagreeable smell ol most " Sssiorers." Is makes the hair charmingly baantlfal, as well aa promoting' too growth o! tbe bait on bald spots, Tfhoro tbe glands Rio not daoayod. Ask your Chemist for the "MBjaOASHAIEBroHWaB," Bold brOhemlstaand SerltUBaiB ovojrobQio e>S8s, fld, por Bottle. Wbola. saw depoS. 83, FarrJuedon Bond. London, England. fffcOBaiss i-bob saa tewtb ASD BREATH.-a Saw drops ol the liquid " florlllnc" sprla&ied; on a ttet tooth-brush piodaeca & pleasant lather, wnlob thoroughly olsancoa the 4eet& from all parasites or Impurities, hardens tha gams, prevents tartar, rtopa decay, gives to tbe teeth a peculiar pearly woisbucm, ana a asugnaui rragraace to tno brsoth, It romoTCS all wapleasnnt odour arising bom dcoayad teeih or fcobacoo smoke. "The E"ragrsnft PlorUlno," being composed in parti of honey and sweet barbs, Is deUoians to 4hs tote, and <hg greatest tollot dlsooTory of the ago, Fries Bs. M,, off all Chemists and Ferftuners. Whole finis dspflfc, 88, Far»Ingdon Boad, London, En Eland, THS0A2 AffPEOTIOEB ASB HOABSHHE58. -All sul. (Ming from Irritation of the throat and hoarseness will bo agreeably surprised at the almost Immediate relief afforded by the tus of " Brown's Broaahlal Ttoohes." These famous " losoneesn mo now told br mott wspootabto chemists In this country at Is. lid. per box, People troubled with a " haoUns cough." a " slight cold," or bronohlal affections, cannotcr? them too soon, es similar troubles, if allowed to progress, result Is serious Pulmonary end A*4hmatlc affaatloaa, Sso that the words "Brown's Bronchial Troches" are on thaGoTera ment Stamp wound eaoh box,-Prepared by loan I, Brows & Sons, jBoston, u.a. Boropsaa Depot, 88, furetngdon Bosd, tontion,, Baglana, Jf81tos Laflt yaftE aoienea sod labor combined took pat of the 86rth Bbout Snfl.000.000 «otth of pntd. Tftia yfiftp the jriel^ utU bo at least 