HAMLETS AGE AND SANITY. I!) WILSON I1JVRlIF.Tr. , Berlin me to thank you .o^tlicfltncrçfijl and (uttering allusion to my overlying tout li ide. care of the 7th inst 750ft remark that ''it is a pity that IUl county pciJ!)li,o), (the filaments Hlioniil tJt|uWlu\ei^ cut off from seeing the visihfiV^ibcj.uijçnt if Dies ga inst dramatic l>9o\i^4 ,nl\,J|«S KPWt ledge of the nilcspuid,inlerçst as it)., left Mission raised upon li unlet induces me to beg some of your valuable space to answer Four three Correspondents-All Druid Bro, Horne and Mr Louis C W like son Mr David Bl iii is good enough to tell me that my feelings are not distussible and immediately proceeds to discuss it lost one of them. He tells me too But the case is closed Air David Blair is most men is he may soon loin He argues that the net d tege is absurd is 1 substitute for that or so in the import of soliloquy of to be or not to be said as! a contempt tuously if i n iv ii commander might not is rationally in I took arms against 1111 cinema affect IpitsumeAlr David him would have had a 11 I took arms against an enemy s waters of fail to see that this is either rational 01 eloquent He then quotes Island in sun port of his argument but his quotation simply clinches mine His left is When the enemy who will come in like a flood the spirit of the Lord shall lift up 1st in laid against him in the enemy's David Blair would evidently have the case he is thus- When the Hood still come in like an enemy the spirit of the Lord so ill lift up standing against it viz the flood Apparently In ill is H bible to be massed md misunderstood as Shakespeare I beg to third Air Died Him for so strongly though unwittingly supporting 11111 contention Horatio votes - Mr. Wilson Barrett and) several 1 us believe that Hamlet was 1 boy of nineteen or twenty I do not know a lot page of the Com I go mine mule shot him in plenty but 1 and ask him of his his names are who at unit was 11 it manager than It unfit was still it school it \\\1ttu1te1_ and self accused of pilling to 11 ml t 11 third) 40 years of igL either in to in in in the smell Msouhy Hamlet was not on the throne if he had it t lined his 111 upon it He was the one 111111 of ill 111 Dentil ill to succeed his father whether the kingdom lent by succession of election He it is the legitimate son of the late king, and ought to have succeeded if the ct on is still in succession If he decision the usurping king tells us he was be loved of the dish acted multitude Ophelia speaks of him is the glass of fashion, and the mould of form, the expectancy and rose of the fine style," and furthermore alludes to him is that feature of blown Youth - this from the rose of May ' Would i in idea of seventeen speak of a man of Hurt a in such turns ' T tended- (the young Entries remember, no other 1 Kitts lure) spell s o! H Hamlet store is Hut of a box 'forward, viz, ' piece nous Would a young man of the age of (nerves speak of the late of a man over 30 years of gets a violet in the youth of prime maize Agim- for little, crescent does not go on alone in theirs and bull ' Unis ilimlet,iciortlnig to Tacitus, has not yet done ginning Again, he says, 'I south to itself rebels Though none else near In the wine scene Polonius as to his diHghtu For Ion! Humid less., so much in rusty tin! It is voting morale calls him "young Hamlet ' 'Die Ghost, 'Noble south," and further says ' Jacob" the losing blood The King sits to Kosenu met and Gtnhlenstcru- Being of ho lounging brought up a ith him, and suite so neighbour d to his youth The (second - How now be ' H inlet continues his two schoolfellows "By His cotisonmci of our youth, ' and so on all infinitive through the whole of it does Slnl spent insist upon the mouth of Hamlet and jet 1 mi to believe he is men it) Does anyone allude to the north of Lagos Vu' and, at what age is 15' Twenty eight ' I have lived in this world for four times seven years Odd this, time and who is a"? upied once In his youth referred to, while Hamlet, some years older, is, st ready mentioned without in allusion to his being young Ah Louis C Wilkinson urges that (he grave digger's lines (in: Hamlet stage He (relates the following - ' here's a skill now, Inch rain the earth C ice and Iwcuti veils the early tide lion visit a dozen years He three and twenty years,' went on with the 'fit and start of his with, another obvious absurdity, fell Himmler has just sud- Since he went into 11 June, 1 has been in continual prac dee How could he then be sort of broth after two hours with the foils' late He eli on years of the original text, and the heavy rains of trial by Mr- Wilkinson and in get 10 Moreover, the grave digger in the nations in which the Hutt motions tens occur as- I have been sexton here, inch and boy, for 10 hours Suppose he was to be) of a, 0 and 15-mile but -dry, and wet His grave digger is ninnis mule up and placed is in sions old man of 70 \Vh_ v House sit d spent more him as a garrulous old man, and so intended he should be played As is he -IO when he began his Inch-' All Wilkinson must explain these meonstvtinues, or admit that I have, 'identified as the supposed indicate on Hu gi ne digger Love is to Hamlet's smith. There on be no doubt of Ophelia s in things Is it is kel) Hut blacks spent would be guilty of the serious dramatic case of making both He Into mil Hu heroine of his play name' Is Hitler ei n 'nil in soliloquy is be seen and it is in with his trusted friend Hanlon' Is there the slightest allusions He dist act to blame t s alertness, until he has announced to his is tends that he he re- idea may think meet to put an entire disposition the 11 mine t after he has seen on the ghost his i again much in) his mind to bring the truth of his calling He knows his uncle is a nine mile 111, and that his own life would not be not fit u inns pinch the li brain near dent He king should him that he is cog his suit of! his until He mill sugar in relates to cloak his designs and lull the suspicions of Hu ling He unions how to be Hut flirtation and Alauelliis me nunn that he and a fifth Mile, and been it is them speak, not indi Hut that the nett master known that while the) industry. but startling - Never s. until luncheon time firing! at each v ,r 1 hear yourself Is I a m aim training shall think meet I , girl in uncle iii it may n i t line in the small Huns Mile, in next- lull Hill I mi, mi ambush him at this been Ink Or li 11 Hanlan and, if sent there! after a house as well will we knew, it He could, see! I! " "called 0\. if we list! to speak or 'where be had II In, miels Of Mich uni igneous gliding mile into Hut at the,, sight of it. this year to do 3\. Mine Still Hill) of Jesus most and lies.. St in So all important. to the understanding of the character of Hamlet does Miukcspuuc consider (his that he burns the ghost had, twice to small Horatio and Marcellus small (lot Tin will run lived, by actor died this fact that Hamlet is not mine and it ellis is not evidence i amongst, us hate Hamlet making his mother pt chinese that the King and not for A | lir of Bulli kisses like and I and all lines Butter but is i! 1 statutes are not in malice Hit may be null and Ijh that That fined ring unction to your soul that t tour the tss but no) littleness Hurst again Bring me a) tin list Val I Hu in it, will re w and "allied machines Wi lilli general 4 (tons 1 ton Du King, after watching Hamlin, while returning, home - I i li and the ii Ni r club In si who though, ((."ljiikiej ft_.ni,.u Uns lies fine muslins u ! "> I 'I i lit lull still feel I to ! iiRl_m.il' ii ml life is not insane' 'chartered hot in danger that it could not with fine lukin, more main Hum this to until the theatre lion v, play with us is to lit prayed' And yet, in the Inn of till this against the within s Express nish m. lines, inmniuitntois will ellKtiil and tins ultra rich Minkispciuca language, and building streams of their own, to the distinction of his meaning, and the man of the tragedy Hamlet s nineteen, Retrospection, and in decision me often insisted upon as another sign of mental weakness namely far' too much stress has been put upon this one still of his many sided intimated In the to finish It see me of I am rule t, by Sir Geo Giuiiuiuitu.ua, we are informed that King'' . failed Orvendio, and "manned his wife and that Hamlet was then twenty years of age, and that to lull the suspicion of his uncle he,feigned,madness the better to carry out his man at Moonee , 'Bv'tliitiriàièiit'Hoith men, a madman was consTt.erW'tD,llVirTiercd and of injure one WoWlf be^iWTciÄ} Hamlet, in his address '(to hiVtttloArdi'_i\\\s I laid my knowledge u.idcY-.an, fossilised look of sadness, and Ijlinl'BçffliJi1 ill-lit come to minis- estate" fillip if X-ray-, grippers legend and in Shakes just We- PfeV W «B*1."' ml iff un- told that J] Hamlet was not mad, and that he was quite young It is obvious that the tragedy guns in all! its eness if Hamlet is played as a young man By representing the King and Queen as being in the very prime of life may interest the audience instead of boring it and thus the balance of the pi iv is preserved the eye of the spectator is pleased, by the appearance of the most important diseases the sensibilities are no longer shocked, the student finds matter for flesh thought in the new aspect in which the pin is presented to him and he will be sees Hamlet as Shakespeare saw him last. in the guide legend of Sino Griiimiaticu« hut strengthened enlarged glorified mid Dinmore died in the gi indent of his genius 