The Outlook. A Wise Decision. Before the Kev. H. Price Hughes had been in the chair of the British Con ference twenty-four hours, «he had received over five hundred ?'invitations to pay official visits to .English circuits. Very wisely in this, as in some other directions, the new President ventured upon an innovation. With the hearty concurrence of the Conference, he has decided not to accept these invitations, but to give two days every week to the conducting of Great Methodist Conventions for the Deepening of :i be. Spiritual Life. During the year he hopes to visit the leading cities of the United Kingdom. His idea is to call together all our forces — ministers, local preachers, leaders, stewards, teachers, trustees, and members — for the express purpose of seeking a direct baptism of the Holy Ghost. A wave of expectancy has already passed over the Fatherland. This is what Mr. Hughes calls a National Methodist Movement, and will mean, we doubt not, unspeakable good to British Methodism. This is, beyond all else, the kind of aggression we need just now in New South Wales. What is known as ' The Our Repre- Open Session ' of the Brit sentative. ish Conference, is one of its most popular functions. -?- This year the Awstralian representative ^ was unfortunate in having to follow two such remarkable men as Bishop Fowler and Dr. Hamilton, two of the orators of American Methodism, to whose speeches the Recorder devoted nearly nine full columns. Still Father Langham met with a fine reception, and was apparently in good form. The vast Conference Chapel was crowded to its utmost limits, and great enthusiasm prevailed. One of the Recorder reporters thus speaks : — ' Of Mr. Langham, one of the Apostles of Fiji, I could write columns. One little incident in his glowing and picturesque speech I must allude to. As he described his inter view with the venerable and heroic Mr. 'Watsford, there came back out of my childhood the remembrance of Mission ary Meetings in York, and I heard once again my father telling the children the story of how Mr. Watsford rescued the father or mother — I forget which — from strangling, and brought away the strangling-cord as a trophy. That same strangling- cord is still in my possession at home.' Our many readers will be glad to learn of the hearty and well merited welcome thus given by British Methodism to one of her most heroic sons. For years past occasional A Wise references have been made Innovation, to the unsatisfactory char acter of the daily opening devotional exercises of our Annual Conference. In England there has been the same feeling of dissatis faction. This year, however, Presi dent Hughes has ventured upon a peculiar innovation that has put a new lace on things altogether. Each morn ing, as a part of the devotional exercises some well-known minister has been asked to give a ten minutes' address on some definitely spiritual theme. Such men as Dr. Bigg, Dr. Jenkin, Charles Garrett, G. W. Olver, B.A., Jos. Posnett, and others have moved the Conference by words of cheer and hope that could not fail to put the Conference into the best possible temper for business. The idea was little short of an inspiration, and proved a great success. Our next President may perhaps see his way to some such course. The more our Synods and Conferences are spiritualised the better. To Hull alone of all the A Hopeful Conference towns of Eng Sign. land belongs the unique honor, so graphically described by our British contemporaries, of having sent up to the Conference, at first fifteen years ago and again at this Conference a large deputation of cultured Anglican clergymen, who in truly brotherly fashion conveyed the greetings of their church, signed by forty well known clergymen of the diocese to their ' reverend and dear brethren.' It was a history making function. The pity of it is that the thing is so rare. In England the Anglican Jew has no dealings with the Samaritan Noncon formist. At least that is the rule. And, alas, it is a rule that is gradually making itself felt even in this land of religious equality. None the less heartily therefore do we chronicle such a function as that referred to. No Methodist preacher could more severely condemn the sacramentarian. tendencies of the Ritualists than did the eloquent spokesman of this great deputation. In view of the painful conflict at present raging amongst the Anglicans in the old laud such a deputation is 'a very sig nificant sign of the times that arc to come. We venture to prophesy that gradually by the irresistible trend of circumstances, the cleav age between High and Low Churchmen will become more and more serious, until the Bitualists will be forced out of the State church and take their proper place under the wing of the Pope of Borne, and the great body of evangelical churchmen will unite with the vast bodies of Nonconformity and form a sympathetic and spiritually united Protestantism that will mean the salva tion of our Fatherland. President Rodd will leave The President Sydney on Monday next on Tour. on extended tour ?' con firming the churches ' in the northern coast districts. He will visit the Dungog, Manning Biver, Port Macquarie, Kempsey, Gladstone, Bel linger, Grafton, Brushgrove and Ul marra, Maclean, Lismore, Casino, Bal lina and Tenterfield circuits. This will entail a journey of 1300 miles, of which 600 will be done in buggies, furnished by ministerial brethren, and 'will occupy about a month. A large and varied programme of anniversaries, socials, and lectures has been arranged, and we have no doubt that the President's visitation will be productive of great value to our circuits in the northern district. Mr. Rodd may expect a very cordial reception from both ministers and people, and will come back to head quarters having gained a still larger place in the admiration and affection of the Church of which he is the chief pastor. Parramatta has again dis A Plucky tinguished itself, and the People. old historic circuit has demonstrated what a brave and energetic people can accomplish in the face of many difficulties For years past, the congregation in Parramatta has had to bear the burden of a phe nomenal trust debt — a debt aggregating £6000. To meet the interest and other charges, heroic efforts have been re quired, and so far the good people there have neither faltered nor flinched. This year ohe annual 'Market Days' were held during weather that might have daunted more timid spirits. Day after day the rain persisted, and continued right on to the close. But the workers held on in good spirits and with high hopes ; and their faith and courage were rewarded by a result that exceeded any previously achieved in connection with this annual ' market.' The goodly sum of £285 was reported by the treasurer as the total takings of the effort — a result that gladdened the hearts of all concerned, and evoked sincere praise to Him from whom all blessings flow. Special commendation must be given . When the takings were announced on Monday evening as total ling nearly £285, there was great enthusiasm, and a short service of praise was held, in which a goodly company joined with heartiness and .spiritual fervour. All material indications A Prosperous seem to presage a period Outlook. of almost unexampled prosperity for the colony of New South Wales. An increase in the public revenue for the month of August of over £80,000 is significant in itself of expansion in bur industries, and of improved circumstances on the part of the people generally. A much, larger area ot land is being put under wheat this year than in any previous year — the increase upon last year being no less than 313,000 acres. The cultiva tion of wheat in the provinces may be said to be increasing by leaps and bounds. It is now double what it was three years ago, and three-and- a-half times what it was seven years ago. Tne recent rains have covered almost the whole area of the colony, and have been so genial and bounteous as to give assurance of a good season to all en gaged in the culture of the land. It is many years since the general outlook was so promising as it is just now. With wihe legislation, and prudence and energy on the part of th« people, the coming years should be years of phenomenal prosperity. It is a thousand pities Dirt that so much of local Throwing. jealousy should continue to exist between the various colonies. There is not much to choose amongst us all. New bouth Wales has prob ibly, in the past, been as culpable ia the matter of dirtthrow ing as her neighbours. Just now whether it is because of the greater prosperity of this colony we know not, but certain it is that we are being subjected to a good deal of unfriendly criticism at the hands of some of our neighbours. But for deliberate, over reaching slander, commend us to an Australasian newspaper, whose name even we decline to mention, as we have no desire to advertise . in any manner a journal that can insert such attacks upon a sister city. The follow ing extracts from an article a column in length speak for themselves : — ' There is, perhaps, not another city on earth over which vice has more completely established her dominion thin the capital of N.S.W. The unbridled license which prevails in every depart ment of life in Sydney soon become apparent to anyone who moves among the people. Human passions seem to have thrown off all the restraints of religion. Divine laws and ordinances are treated with contempt. Crime stalks unmolested through the city. Men bow down in adoration before the shrine of Mammon, for they have sold their very souls for gold. Commercial and political integrity is almost un known, and tbe founts of justice are polluted at their very source. More barefaced, shameless and disgusting mendicancy could not be imagined. The beggars of Borne and Naples are retiring and mild in their importunities when compared with those of Sydney, who are absolutely the lowest species of humanity. The Christian pulpit is prostituted to the most degrading purposes, and every Sunday an eternal begging petition is presented by hun dreds of the Christian clergy, whose lives are in direct contradiction to their professions.' We can afford to smile at such an example of unbridled vitu peration, but the pity of the thing is that so many are ever ready to swallow in (jlobo all such trash as fine gospel. 