THE MERCURY. HOBART: SATURDAY, AUGUST, WS. EPITOME OF NEWS. But prevalent among horses in the St. Helen's and Fingal districts. Special train to Glenora and back on Sunday afternoon. Garrison Band play in Barracks reserve on Sunday afternoon. Newly-built schooner Annie Macdougall ashore at Macquarie Heads. Annual show of Tasmanian Poultry Society on 31st inst. and 1st proximo. Northern residents petitioning Minister of Lands for a road from Railton to the Dove mining Held. Chinese crisis closely culminating. Russia has appointed a new Consul General in London. Canada backing down in regard to subsidy for Pacific cable. American Secretary' for War is pouring in troops at Puerto Rico. PetilJournal, published in Paris, cast in damages for destruction of M. Zola. Soudan natives petition Sir H. Kitchener to occupy El Obeid. The lion. Ruthven Le Hunte appointed Governor of British New Guinea. Australian Labour Federation assist Adelong miners now on strike. Sir John Gordon Sprigg, Premier and Treasurer for Cape Colony, has been re- elected unopposed. Mr. Balfour promises Ministerial consideration of Old Age Pensions proposals at an early date. Man named James Ryan arrested for sticking up bank at Penshurst, Victoria. Most of the booty recovered. Acrimonious election contest at the Cape. Rhodes and Hofincycr factions in bitter opposition. Salisbury Government defeated by a small majority on the " conscientious objection " clauses in the Vaccination Bill. Excursion steamer Waikare has returned to Auckland from the South Sea Islands. The trip has been a magnificent success. Mining fatality occurred at Broken Hill yesterday. Man named Edward Shemining killed by fall of ore, and another miner seriously injured. " Kaiser William Incensed and concerned at publication of copy of letter addressed to him by Prince von Bismarck, and which conveyed a crushing rebuke. Mr. Copeland, member for Phillip Division of Sydney, offers to give up his seat in favour of Mr. Barton, in the cause of federation. Bismarck family have refrained from attending memorial service held in the Emperor's Church, at which royalties and military and civil dignitaries were present. In. the Legislative Council yesterday The Vaccination Bill was carried through committee with amendments Mount Lyell and Strahan Railway Bill was read a second time and passed through the committee stage The Constitution Act Amendment Bill was further considered in committee and progress reported The Crnti SECRETARY in reply to Hon F W Pnssf (on behalf of the Hon W CnositY) stated that the PRfcMibii was in communication with the British Government through the Agent-General on the question of constructing a graving dock in Hobart for the use of H M navy The Council at Ou p.m. adjourned H'U 7 10 p.m. on Tuesday week IN the House of Assembly yesterday, The Chairman of the Printing Committee in Drinking up the report of that body referred to the (general desirable ness of allow HIL, documents tabled in the House to be handed to the no less for public information It was aged pen that the best way to have the subject discussed was for the committee to bring up a special report upon it A report was also brought up by the SeleetGomniitteeiippoiiitcdtodenlwlthMr A 1 Mollison's case recommending him a pension of one half the amount, to which he would have been entitled had his services to the Government been con in no ous the MiMsiinoi I was tabled reporT of expenditure on harbour works and when felt in comino 1 ition at Devonport Burnie and Son dum A motion by Mr Mr WILL JAMs in reference to the payment of dividend tax by mining companies whose head offices are not in Tasmania, and recommending that a royalty be charged in lieu of the tax, was discussed and withdrawn. A motion for the reduction of thodutyon stock and carcase meat was again agreed to the remission to last until November next. Intimation was given that when the bill is introduced there will be an attempt to confine the remission to carcase meat. Mr. DAVUJS' motion for a sum of £1,500 for the construction of a road between. Mathinna and Pyengana was negatived. Further progress was made with the Offenders Probation BUt, with an understanding that in future Orders of the Day should be called on at 7.30 o'clock instead of 9 o'clock on Fridays. The House, at 9.30 p.m., adjourned until 7.30 on Tuesday evening. IN the Assembly on Thursday, the usual annual debate took place on mining and how to encourage it, which showed, as usual, abundant good in I tentions and a plentiful lack of practical knowledge. The notion that a mining can be encouraged to any I good purpose by the making of many laws is a delusion, but one very common amongst miners and members of Parliament. The best thing that can be done for mining is to make the laws as simple and the regulations as few as possible, so that industry and enterprise may be free to all, and the cunning schemers may not have a technical advantage of the worker. And there is one very important matter to be borne in mind in connection with this business. Members seemed to be anxious that the miners should be brought together to tell the Legislature what they want, and there appeared to be an idea that this would put all the crooked things straight. Those who remember what took place at the Mining Conferences will hardly be so sanguine, for they were remark-, I able for the wild, even absurd, pro I posses made, and the utter want of I practical ability shown. No doubt, those who attended these conferences, especially the mere office men, learned a great deal that they did not know before, but certainly, they also saw that the desires of many of the representatives were altogether impracticable. It is curious, but neverthe- less a fact, that the persons connected with a trade seldom know what is the best legislation for the trade. They usually want all sorts of quite impossible things, as witness the many trade conferences in Melbourne and their results. Even in regard to mining accidents, the miners have shown themselves impracticable, for their idea is to have an army of mining inspectors, whereas the facts show that the accidents are of a character that no inspection could prevent. They knew what they wanted done, but did not know how to do it. This is work for the well-informed legislator, who has some idea of the effects of laws, and what laws can do, while it is the business of the miner to keep him informed as to what requires to be done. Thus, we believe that the practical miner can give a great deal of valuable information as l to what is required to help his in t dustry, but when he has done that his function ceases, and that of the I law-makers begins. And much the same may be said of the official, for ! he has an itching for regulating everybody, and thinks that mining cannot possibly go on unless there is a mass of rules to provide how almost every act shall be done. We have but to look at the regulations which exist to see how complicated the whole thing becomes, and how the real worker finds himself constantly swindled by the bush lawyer and non worker. No doubt, the many classes of mining in this colony render regulations rather complicated at best, but they are made ten times worse by the desire for regulating, which means useless trouble and expense. In Victoria the Local Courts commenced making by-laws in 1855, and Mining Boards have gone on making them ever since, and there is no end. Yet, some thirty years ago it was pointed out that there really was no difficulty in making a code of regulations for the whole colony, but the work has never been done, and, probably, never will be. Hundreds of thousands of pounds have been spent in Prospecting Votes, tons upon tons of reports have been printed, but we may fairly doubt whether mining is any the better for all this. At all events, a candid official from time to time reports that the good is not very visible, but, as a rule, does not care to decry his office. What we seem to require here is, a thorough investigation of the actual needs and conditions of mining, and then a careful revision of existing laws and regulations, to learn how far they can be simplified, and the real minor, the man who means to work, be left to go on with his industry, without being strangled with red-tape. But, the business of simplification must be left to those who understand the making and operation of laws. ! Take, for example, the forfeiture of leaseholds for the non-performance of labour covenants. Is it not time that this farce was played out ? A Commissioner holds a solemn inquiry and reports, and the Minister, who sits in town, and is open to all sorts of influences, usually sets the report aside. The whole business has become a scandal, and the result is, that thousands of acres are locked up, and those who would work them are not allowed to put a pick into the ground. We are aware that there are certain difficulties in this business, and we are sure that no one would desire to deal harshly with legitimate enterprise, but there is no real difficulty in doing substantial justice. The Commissioner usually knows the facts, the Minister usually does not, but is stuffed with a very great deal of notion. If the Commissioners are not to be trusted, then let another process be substituted, say the right of appeal to a judge with large discretionary power, who could hear all the parties, and would not be ear-wigged by politicians and brokers like a Minister. We might even take a lesson from Victoria. For many years in that colony a mining lease was never forfeited except for the non- payment rent, but the scandal grew so great that a change was made, and now the work is fairly well done. The last Report of the MINISTER OF MINES shows that in the Bendigo District 129 leases were declared void and 191 suspensions granted for three months. In another district 175 leaseholds were inspected and reports sent in us now required, and the same activity was shown throughout the colony. The result is, that the shepherding of leaseholds is practically at an end, and that those who show bona-fides get every indulgence from the Department. What is done in Victoria now can be done here, if only the fact is made to be understood that there must be evidence of bona-fide work, and a proper system to secure it. The proposal of a Minister of Mines seems to us to be a vain one. In the first place,>c cannot afford to increase the number of our Ministers, for our government is cumbersome and expensive enough already. All the work required can be done by the MINISTER OF' LANDS with the help of a Secretary for Mines, for the plain- truth is, that the less be meddles the better. No Minister could do much to help mining. Indeed, as a rule the very best thing that he can do is to do nothing, for there should be no scope for his personal action. The notion that a Minister can " encourage " mining is, of course, absurd. The only way in which mining can be really encouraged is by leaving it free scope to work out its own ends in its own way, the first step towards which is to secure some means by which the land held shall be worked. We have had strange tales to tell of monopolies, the disregard of regulations, and '.' favours secret, sweet and precious," which are the curse of honest mining adventure. In fact, we do not see how a Minister of Mines could find occupation, except he devoted his time to proposing bonuses to those who would work, after the Victorian fashion.wherethereused to be an annual scramble for the Government money. Surely, by this time the mining Commissioners and others know what is really required in the shape of regulations, and there should be no difficulty in framing a measure which will meet the wants of the colony for a long time to come. The aim should be to simplify all things, and abolish all regulations which do not clearly serve a necessary purpose. THE Assembly last night showed, for once, its clear conviction of the justness of the demand for some steps to be taken to obtain a cheaper and better supply of meat. The member for Campbell Town moved, once again, for a reduction in the duty on carcase and other meat in order, no doubt, to carry out an unmistakable demand of the people, and perhaps, in order to give the Legislative Council another chance of doing what is right. The motion this time was for the reduction of the duty; from 1d. per lb. to 1s. per cwt. on carcase meat, and to Is. and 1d. per head respectively on cattle and sheep. The motion directed, further, that a Bill be brought in to give effect to the resolution, the tax to take effect on the Bill passing into law, and to remain in force until November 30 next. The reduction in the cattle and sheep tax is calculated, apparently, to cause the rejection of the Bill by the Council, as it is believed that the sages in that place will stick firmly to their own interests. It is probable, therefore, that this portion of the resolution will be taken out when it comes before the Assembly again, in order to leave the Council no excuse for continuing a pernicious and stupid tax on the people's food. The one opponent to any change was Mr. Norman Cameron, who continues to display his usual selfish policy, and actually with no argument of the least value to give it any resemblance of sincerity and conviction. When a division took place, which should not have been called for in such case, and after all that has been said and done outside the House, the numbers were ayes 23, noes 1, Mr. Cameron sitting alone in all the glory that he could find from such a vote in such a cause. He thinks, however, that the Council will still venture to resist any reduction in the price of meat, and we hear that certain breeders declare that they do not care for public opinion or public wants, but mean to keep by means of the Council the trustful monopoly which they have obtained. On this point the Council will do well to be cautious. There is a great deal of strong feeling amongst the people, which the Council will be wise not to cause to burst forth into action, and, moreover, the Council should take care not to alienate its best friends. Our own opinion is, that all taxes on meat should be repealed at once and for ever, as restrictive to the enter- prise of the colony, and useless to promote stock breeding. Tar death during a single space of twenty four hours of iv of girls from burning, the injuries having been received whilst they were engaged in ordinary household occu patrons, is enough to call for serious comment many community at the present day, and yet this was the record of Hobart early in the present week the two unfortunate maidens who thus met with a painful and violent death, the one in Arthur Circus and the other in Warwick street, each came into contact with the flames whilst making hot drinks at the ordinary open fireplace, and each received such terrible injuries from but ning that within a few hours, spent by them in ev ei relating agony, and by their friends in and their efforts to alleviate their sufferings, they were both lifeless corpses, and there were two believed households thus suddenly plunged into the lamentable plight of having to be a tin is fully unexpected loss of butter and erstwhile happy members of the family mile there is very little comment, naturally, to be made upon such cjccuiicmcs except perhaps, by way of relief that they look place, and for the advocacy of precautions, so that, if it may be, by extra publicity being thus given to the harrow ing details in the press, the attention of parents and guardians may be called to the danger attending the employment, of young girls in household duties, and also, perhaps, to arouse in the juvenile hollis themselves a sense of the great need for taking care that they do not play with fire without a proper recognition of the ever present danger to life and limb to which they are HO subjected in every hour of their lives. Familiarity proverbially breeds con- tempt, and the dangerous element, which is such a continual companion in every household, becomes by constant association almost unnoticed, until Incidents like these arise by way of caution, It is not often, however, that a pair of tragedies like these take place, accidents by burning being happily more often only associated with injuries, not of a fatal character, to the limbs of the unfortunate sufferers. Here, in these two instances, the outcome of the contact with the fire has been death itself, showing how complete the worst features of these catastrophes must have been, and the lesson is, therefore, the more pointed, and the more necessary to be enforced so that precautions may be taken, which a little forethought will easily suggest, to prevent other fatalities of a like kind. It is no good talking in cases of this description about non-inflammable i clothing, as critics do when an accident occurs in a theatre ; nor is it of 1 much practical use to preach the need for fending off flames by fire guards except where young children are left without supervision. That was not apparently the case in either of those sad tragedies. Thoywero simply untoward combinations of ordinary incidents in the life of every household, where fires must be left open for free access of workers, and where the workers themselves must be clad in the customary garb of ordinary material, and have unfettered action of hand and arm. The only thing to be done is for the elder members of families to see that there is no foolish tampering with a necessarily ever- present source of harmful or fatal injury, and for younger ones themselves to take care that they do not recklessly frolic in the presence of the same risk. If any such extra care is the result of a timely reference to this terrible coincidence of suffering it will not have been made in vain. ' How to get at the mining companies, the head offices of which are not in the colony, with something like a dividend tax, is the problem which Ministers have resolved to try and solve. Hitherto, their attempts have been in vain, The Income Tax Act was amended to catch these fish, notably one very fine one, but they have managed to escape. The matter was brought up yesterday in the Assembly by a private member, who" had an idea that the companies should be made to pay a royalty, but no one seemed to be quite clear its to how a royalty could be fairly enforced. It is evi dent at a glance that a royalty on the out- put of ore would not be a fair one, because the ore varies greatly in quality, and sometimes leaves rather a less than a profit. It was said that the miners generally favour a royalty, but, then, it is possible that they do not quite understand what is the best for them. However, so far as outside companies are concerned, that is, companies which send their profits away for distribution in another colony, it is not easy to see how they can be got at in a quite satisfactory manner. We do not believe that any system of royalty will answer. It is like a gold export tax, once very popular in Victoria, necessarily unfair. 1' or a company may get a great deal of gold without getting any profit, and the profit of one company on the same quantity of gold may be much larger than that of another not so fortunately situate. For this reason the export duty on gold was abandoned. The only fair tax appears to be one on profits or dividends, to which we have never seen any really valid objection. The problem is, how to get at these outside companies, which seem to have managed to escape so far. Ministers deprecated private interference, and have, they say, a scheme of their own, which will be produced in good time. Whatever the scheme may be mid pint experience should have made Ministers more astute than they have been hitherto-it should be one which levies in proportion to the profits. We do not think that there will be any great difficulty in doing what is desired, and what' seems to be fair, as it will place all companies on the same level. THE blot, or weakness, in the Offenders' Probation Hill, 'now before Parliament, is the: inclusion in it of a kind of ticket-of leave process, by which a person liberated under. the proposed system must report himself periodically to the police, notwithstanding that security has to be given for his good behaviour during the period for which his sentence is suspended, and that his hands are, as it were his custodians and guarantors during that period. This keeping up of the association with the police will not only minimise the restoration of the offender to society in a very sensible degree, but will also act prejudicially to the man's own self-respect in a much extended form, and prevent him resuming his position in society in a way he ought to be able to do. The report to the police is no mere form. ; very often it is not even kept secret and if the accused person, can find guarantors for his good behaviour, that should surely be enough for the ant thou ties, who will forfeit the bail if the offender again commits a fault. The probation proposed to be mercifully extended to those who commenced to stray from probity will be very much tarnished and damaged if any form of the degrading "ticket" system is embodied in it, even with the modifications which modern senti- ment has contrived to water it down with. Tins WEEK'S MAIL The present week's issue of The Tasmanian Mail contains, besides the four pages of illustrations, a quantity of special matter connected with the month of August, fashions for the period for the ladies by "Alix," and instructions by expert writers for proceedings in farm, garden, and orchard in a season whose vagaries are not a little puzzling to all who follow cultivation in any form. " Apploblossoin " continues his articles on potato-growing, and the current notes in connection with sport of all kinds, including racing, cycling, and football, are quite up to date, a special writer dealing with the winter game as it is played enthusiastically on the West Coast mining townships. Mining, commercial, and shipping news is carefully summarised, as also the political doings in and out of Parliament. Ciiuitcn SiîitViciiS. Notifications of church services to be held to-morrow appear in second column of fourth page. SUMMARY FOR EuROPE. Our letter Home, containing a record of the events for the past fortnight, with the Births, Marriages, and Deaths, will be found in the supplement of this day's issue. THE SUIM'I.KMKNT to-day contains : Parliament, SARA. P. Society, Glenorchy Municipal Council, Kingston Road Trust, Letters to the Editor, Our Melbourne Letter, A Lesson from New South Wales, Dramatic Notes, and Advertisements. HoMfKOPATiuc JOURNAL.- The August number of the Tasmanian Homoeopathic Journal has been issued, and contains a number of interesting and instructive articles. The question of homoeopathic hospitals is dealt with at some length, and the advantages of homoeopathy have been prominently treated by different writers. A NI WERRY S iNTRUsION -A dog once got into the House of Commons and interrupted Lord North whilst he was speaking by barking The Munster was at the time opening one of his budget speeches and he laughingly stopped and inquired by what now opposition was he now attacked C A. wagon a member wittingly replied, amid much laughter A member for Bark shire ' Last evening the serenity of the deliberations of the Legislative Council on the Constitution Bill was disturbed by a little newsboy coming right into the chamber and shouting" in a shrill voice "Tasmanian Mail'" The little chap was evidently in real earnest for business There was not a smile on his countenance He messenger in stantly made towards him, and Black Rod rose indignantly out of his comfortably upholstered arm clear, whilst the President, laughing heartily, added to the fun by saying Collie in, my boy ? "Do you want one, so '" said the lad amid much laughter llisintiiision then seemed to suddenly dawn upon him, and he bolted out with the iiicsseii{,ci after him SHOOIIM M MCI! Al Gal i N FONIIS A handicap shooting match takes place at Green Ponds today, is lal, notes, and other sweeps will be held Ivi 101 >./» is with us again and In Its news si veil form It is most doKlriibk, to cheek li is the commencement of an attack, and litmus on Hill. Medicines are the moHloftccLud skins toiiUiliiiiiKlho two best, medicines are supplied for 2s with directions or suit, per post, for all <tl 11 1 GOULD L CO Homeopathic Phut nine), spell of agents for Plats pus baton of huge typhus Globulus Oil. MINISÏHIIIAU-The Attorney - General (Hon. D. C. Urquhart) proceeds to the West Coast by the s.s. Wareatea to-day. 'by, This TRADE IN CEREALS. - A return A was tabled in the House of Assembly yesterday, showing the quantity of wheat, , flour, barley and malt imported into and exported from the colony during the first six months of the present year.- The wheat imported was fine Ditto bushels, the exports being 137,210 bushels. No Hour wits imported, but leftS tons were sent away. Of barley, 2077 019-25 bushels were imported, and none sent away. Of malt, there were no imports, but 2,814 bushels were exerted. _ NEW TOWN RECREATION GROUND A deputation waited upon the Premier and the Chief Secretary yesterday in reference to The question of the New Town recreation ground in front of the Orphanage. It was painted out that the tenure and holding of the ground had for some time been a source of anxiety to the residents of New Town. The residents were prepared to accept the responsibilites attaching to the ground, and asked that the Government would entrust to the Town Board the custody and rights of the ground. The Premier said he presumed the deputation appeared in consequence of what transpired between the Government and the Agricultural Society.. The society had uke makes the modest demand that the land should be vested in them, but that request was not, listened to. What the Government did then he presumed they would be prepared to do for l others. The Government gave an assurance that for a certain time the Agricultural Society would not be disturbed in its enjoyment of the land. If the deputation were to arrange with the other bodies in trusted the matter might be fixed. He, however, hoped they would disabuse their minds of thuulealhat the Government would part with the land. It was agreed with the Agricultural Society that Mr. Richard 8011 was to have control of the land, and this would be adhered to. GLENORCHY MAIN ROAD Mr. John J Hamilton, M.H.A., waited upon the Hon. the Minister of Lands and Works yesterday with reference to the state of the Main- road between the 4th and 6th mile stones in the Glenorchy district. The hon, the Minister pointed out to Mr. Hamilton that he was making arrangements with the Kensington Road Trust, who are at present carting stone for the repairs, for this work to be pushed on as quickly as possible. The condition of the approach to the State school was also brought under notice, and the Hon. the Minister has instructed the Chief Inspector of Roads, South, to at once make arrangements to have the matter attended to. Arrangements have also been made with Mr. Ball, chairman of the South Glenorchy Road Trust, to have the work on the portion of the Main-road in that district attended to at once. ANOTHER JUSTICE OF THIS PEACE. At a meeting of the Executive Council, held yesterday, Mr. T. H. Walduck, of Beaconsfield, was appointed a Justice of the Fence. THE DEVONPORT ELECTION An application was made before the Acting Chief Justice in Chambers yesterday to have the hearing of the petition against the return of Mr. Aikenhead, adjourned to Devonport. The application was refused, and the hearing of the petition will be taken at Hobart on August DO. We understand that about 50 witnesses will be examined in the case. CONSCIENCE MONEY The Inspector of . i Customs has received 4s., conscience money, from "One of the Travelling Public." llKMiSK TO BLIND ROY-On have re- , carved the following subscriptions, and shall be glad to acknowledge further amounts : Alderman Benjamin, XI ; J. C Beckwith, 10s. OnrruAKT.- At Old Beach, Henry John Childs, who had reached the ripe age of 83, has passed away. He emigrated from England with his family to Tasmania in the year 1854, and lived for a time in Hobart. In 1855 he removed to the Old Beach, where he was appointed State school teacher. This appointment he kept for three years. He was postmaster and mail carrier for over 20 years, which position he filled to the entire satisfaction of the authorities and all concerned. Ten of his children are living. Much might be said of his sterling honesty and upright, Christian character. He was respected by all who know him, both far and near. He was born at Hythe, Kent, and was related to Sir Thomas Hardy, Nelson's lighting captain. OI)I)KI:LL,O\Y.SHII'_On the 3rd inst. a Lodge of Oddfellows, " Loyal Mathinna Lodge," was formed at Mathinna by Pro- ( vincial C.S. Smallhorn. The election of lodge officers resulted as follows Noble Grand, Bro. Fitzpatrick ; Vice-Grand, Bro. Bayley ; elective secretary, Bro. Wooll nough. _ UNITED 1'IIIKNIJI.Y SOCieTIes UISl'KN SALE-The 27th half-yearly meeting of this society was held at the Dispensary chambers, Collins-street, last evening. Mr. Daniel Freeman, the president, occupied the chair, and there were also present : Messrs. W. J. McWilliams (vice-president), G. Marsden, W. Burrows, li Burrowes, C. Watson, J. Jenkins; G. Travers, G. K. Simmonds, A. Ford, J. Hoare, J. Andrews, R. Crawford, J. P. O'Brien, J. Ibbotson, , G. S. Seabrook, M. Kennedy, W. Alderton, J. Johnson, Solomon, elliss, Bentley, , J. Forsyth, and J. Whelan. The Secretary read the report of the Board of Management, which stated that there was now a members' roll of 2,588, or an increase of 185 members during the half year. The outstanding accounts on June 30 amounted to Xlll) 0s. 4d., and the balance in the bank was £101 14s. 2d., leaving, after payment of these accounts, a balance of 2-12 19s. 10d. The amount of assets over liabilities on this date showed .t'222 Is. 6d. The balance-sheets and auditors' report were also read by the secretary, and on the motion of the President, seconded by Mr. Simmonds, the whole of the reports as road were received - and adopted. The assessments for the , ensuing two quarters were fixed at 1s. 6d. per inomberperquartcr for thoeiisuinglialf -year. i Complimentary references were made by Mr. Alderman Seabrook, Mr. Kennedy, and Mr. O'Brien to the very satisfactory and efficient manner in which the institution had been conducted during the past six months," and hopes expressed for-still greater success. The President then thanked the delegates for their close attention to business, and declared the meeting closed. NEW Hi/Bits OF THE AUSTRALIAN MUSIC BOOK. Messrs. J. Walch & Sons have sent us the three new numbers of this splendid series. No. 40 is a collection of favourite pianoforte pieces, and contains 12 first-class solos by the best composers. No. 41 is an album of standard overtures as piano solos, and includes "Zampa," "Tancred!," "Messiah," " Freischutz," ' etc. No. 42 is a really excellent selection of pieces for the violin and piano, including Batiste's "Andante," "Melody in F, Gounod's celebrated "Serenade," and other favourite items. It is not too much ( to say that those books are very fine examples of colonial enterprise, and far superior to the same class of work, published in the old country. END OF SEASON. Notwithstand the thousands of pounds worth of goods that have been sold at " Federal House " during the last season, Mr. W. M. WILLIAMS finds that he still has many lines, that he has found during his stocktaking, that must be cleared during the next few weeks, and to this end has marked goods that must go. These goods should command the thoughtful attention of every person in the community. This is the last day for remnants, everyone of which is a positive bargain. There is also to be a clearance in several lines of hosiery ; every day wants, oddments in gloves ; while the goods in the showroom are marked at merely a nominal price. Mr. WILLIAMS has no trashy goods, but all of sound value, and the best goods procurable in the city. By SuíMANí CAULU.- BKST & Co. received by cable yesterday advice of the despatch of three hundred and fifty pounds worth of black Roubaix coating serges for ladies'' costumes, and one hundred and eighty pounds' worth of black silks in several makes. The latter bought a job in Lyons, France, and in order to clear their present stock of similar goods they will offer same at enormous reductions for next few days, and anticipate a speedy clearance of such every-day and useful costume fabrics. By reference to column advertisement in Friday's paper particulars will be found of prices, etc., and also of many other plums which are being thrown out to enable us to have empty shelves for reception of our magnifi- coal, shipment of spring goods due on September 1. BLAST & Co., "The more than popular people." We: have broken the record this week by helling some thousands of Kemiiauts, and still we have a few left which must be cleared out this week, and taking into consideration I had you only have to-day to do that, Indies, we are laying ourselves out for a big biz. We have also opened a parcel of 50 ladies' Mackintoshes, worth 1750 honestly, we Intend offering same to-day for 8/11. He in time, for they are the right shape, make, and material. A. U. PI.AISTI:II.& Co., the People's Drapers, Lloyd's buildings. fog.? : MAILS ÜKTAINKU.-In consequence of the heavy Hood in the South Buk, the Mathinna and Mangana mail contractor was yesterday unable to cross. CITY POLICE COURT.-At this Court yesterday, before the Police Magistrate star. It, Shaw), James Lynch, Kingmaker, is aged 70, was fined 20s., or 14 days in gaol, for having been drunk and incapable in Murray-street on the 4th test. This was his fifth conviction for the same offence within 90 days. Two youths named Reginald Uti wards and John Cavanagh were fined 5s., and costs 8s. 3d. each, for causing two dogs to light. The Police Magistrate pointed out that if the authorities chose the defendants could have been proceeded against on a more serious charge, as dog and cock lighting were prohibited by special law. In the case of Davis v. John Hackett, claim for maintenance, the Police Magistrate said when before the Bench on May In decision was postponed in order that defendant might have an opportunity of paying the amount if he would or could, see some evidence raised a doubt as to whether he was capable of paying it at the time. The Bench had now considered the matter, and ordered defendant to pay the amount for which he had been sued, C½ 5s., in default to be levied by distress. or one month's imprisonment. He would also have to pay costs, 11s Oil. GLENORCHY POLICE COURT. - At this Court on Thursday, before Mr. H. S. R. Wright (Warden), Robert Thorn pleaded guilty to having the care of a dray, and riding upon the same whilst being drawn by two horses without reins ; fined 5s., costs remitted. A water rate case was adjourned till the 11th Inst. HOBART' FIRM Hill.AH- 150 Util - A meeting of the Hobart Fire Brigade Board VILS held yesterday Mr T M Evans presided, and the other members present were -Messrs H Cane, G Stow and, Aldermen Smith and Benjamin, and the secretary (Mr Clyde Hamilton) The bank book was laid on the table, and showed a credit balance of 484 (Is 6d The secretary reported that in reference to the demand made on Mr W F Brownell, Mr Walker (Walker v, Wolfhagen) wished to address the Board Air Walker then find certain infor stratum before the Board, and explained a lion far the proceedings had gone The superintendent wrote asking forms months' leas e of absence, at the end of which time he intended to tender his t resignations The Board accepted the resignation as from December next Regret was expressed at the superintendent's retirement, and he was granted six months' leas e of absence on full pay after the end of December A special committee, consisting of all the members of the Board, was appointed to go closely into Superintendent Stein's report, and decide on future action Accounts amounting to 22 10s 4d were passed for pay munt TASMANIAN Run ASSOCIATION-The second practice in connection with the Tasmanian Rifle Association competition will commence at the Sandy Bay range this afternoon at 1 10 o'clock POULTRY SOLI I I Y -The animal show of the Tasmanian Poultry Society will be held in the Exhibition building on the 31st inst, and 1st pref The schedule and prize list will be issued on Thursday next liuicKHis' VANE BY COMPANY-The third concert in aid of an aged butcher, will be held in the Temperance hall also early date A programme consisting of new songs, fresh gags and amusing farces will he submitted Beautiful Scones, 1 Lovely Passey, by using BALLOON BHANIJ S.U. Flour. FISHING IN TASMANIA The Mumtinu Tinies and British. Rpartxmtm of June 25 publishes the following from a Melbourne correspondent :-" I have been down to the Huon River, in Apploland, trying for a trout or so before the season closed. The scenery and the weather were alike glorious, and the air redolent of fragrance from the surrounding forest. Mr. Wright, the schoolmaster at Huonville, told me that since November last he had taken 48 fine trout running up to 7lb. I, myself, far down the river, below Franklin, landed a fine 8lb. fish, which I think would be called in England a salerooms: He took three-quarters of an hour to secure, without giving the ghost of a chance. I heard some choice fish stories. No. 1 was from an old farmer, who said he saw Governor | Hamilton capture his big 38lb. fish, and thought it was a pig. No. 2 saw Governor Hamilton met the same lisle No. 3 knew a man at New Norfolk who used to dive into the Sorell Creek and pull out 151. . fish. I fold each gentleman that I thoroughly believed every word he said. 'Some nice fish have been taken in the Derwent, at the Plenty entrance, and at Bridgewater, while good fishing for small trout has been enjoyed at the Ouse. Our . making further inquiries, I find the revolt very general against the extraordinary expense in connection with a fishing trip to the Great Lake. There is not one visitor at this splendid resort for ten there would Jic were the charges moderated. The fish taken at the Great Lake for the eight weeks ending March 20 have been Mr. If. Patterson and son and Mr. It. Irvine, in five days, He fish, averaging 7lb.; total, 270\. Dr. Cole and party, seven days, 48 fish, weighing 2i)2|lb. and Messrs. Harrison and So gay", in 11 days, 21 fish, weighing D'Albe total, 430ft). The favourite bait has been Mr. Carr's eel skin phantom. The lake has been low and dirty." Hello Jones, how is that home of yours? ? Oh, he's in splendid fettle, thanks to AROMAC. 