LEEDERVILLE CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH. DEDICATION OF THE NEW BUILDING. The newly - erected Congregational Church at Leederville was formally dedicated and opened yesterday. The proceedings commenced at 4 p.m. with the dedication service. The church was crowded in every part. The Rev. W. H. Peters, pastor of the church, assisted by the Revs. W. T. Kench and Buffton, con- ducted the service, and the dedication sermon, was preached by the Rev. W. F. Turton, chairman of the Congregational Union. Mr. Burton took as his text Acts X., ch. 1, v. 8 : " Ye shall receive power in that the Holy Ghost is come upon you." At 6 o'clock a tea meeting was held, fol- lowed by a public meeting at 7.30 o'clock. At this meeting the attendance was ex- ceedingly large, many people being unable to obtain sitting accommodation. The chair was taken by the Rev. W. H. Peters, and on the platform were the Colonial Secretary (Mr. G. Randell, M.L.C.), the Revs. W. T. Kench, W. F. Turton, A. W. Bray, and A. S. Wilson, and Mr. Illing- worth, M.L.A. The CHAIRMAN said that he had looked forward to that day's gathering with some anxiety, but he was delighted with the results. He wished to thank all who had come forward and so readily supported them in all that they had undertaken. The building was indeed a handsome one, and would, he thought, compare favourably with most of the other suburban churches. It was a credit to the community, to the denomination, and particularly to the contractor (Mr. H. Halliday.) The church was capable of seating 250 people, and on each occasion that day it had been crowded. By the erection of a gallery they would be able to seat 50 more. The COLONIAL SECRETARY said he was very pleased to be present that night to join with them in celebrating the opening of such a handsome church. One's mind went back two and a half years since, when the other hall was built. Affairs had pro- gressed so rapidly that they were now able to establish an imposing edifice. He was glad that the parishioners had been able to make such a good effort towards paying off the debt on the building. They could only hope that in the near future the whole liability would be discharged. (Hear, hear.) He thought that should be the duty and object of the office-bearers and members of the church. Mr. Spurgeon declared that he could not go into occupa- tion of the new Tabernacle, when it was being built for him, until the whole of the building was paid for, and in a short time the money was gathered for the huge structure. They could not expect to do that at Leederville, but by "putting their shoulders to the wheel" some reduction of the debt could be effected. He always considered it was a very important matter when a new church was opened in any dis- trict. There were those who were always saying that the Church was not living up its ideals. He was afraid that none of them did live up to their ideals, but they should attempt to do so at any rate. (Ap- plause.) They should set as high an ideal as they could of the Christian life, and those who derived good thereby should be the means of distributing it to their fel- low men. He rejoiced in the success of his friends at Leederville, and congratulated them upon it. (Applause.) Congratulatory speeches were also made by the other ministers on the platform. Mr. F. ILLINGWORTH, M.L.A., said that a grave responsibility rested upon the people who called themselves Congregationalists. By the expression "Congregationalists" he did not mean the people only, but all those bodies of Christians who acted on the Con- gregational system in reference to their church government. Responsibility rested on them for the reason that, whether they liked it or not, whether they agreed with it or not, they had to admit the fact that wherever they looked the tendency was towards democracy ; and a great responsi- bility rested upon all churches which laid themselves out as Congregationalists. They had to meet the want of the age in this particular. The age was running on the lines of democracy, and the responsibility rested on them to see that democracy did not become anarchy, and to see that, while they admitted the rights of the people to govern not only in the church but in the State, they should not be lawless in their government, and not depart from the high principles by which all persons should be actuated. Mr. RANFORD, the treasurer, made a financial statement, showing that the expenditure on the church had been £370 16s. They had raised by bazaars, etc., £117 18s. 10d.; £73 13s. 6d. was collected on the occasion of the laying of the memorial-stone; -donations totalled £122 12s. 6d., and Trinity Church had lent them £500 on mortgage. A debit balance of £56 11s. 2d. was shown, but this was being rapidly liquidated. Special music was rendered at intervals by the choir and soloists. Votes of thanks closed the meeting. The Very Latest from America.—Columbia Bicycles, 1898 patterns, new features, just landed.— Union Stores, Limited, Fremantle. War News.—American newspapers declare Yankees favour continuance commercial ar- rangements West Australia. New shipment Columbia Bicycles left New York for Union Stores, Limited, Fremantle. 