FIRST UNITED METHODIST CONFERENCE. THE OPENING SERVICE HtERlDKNl'S ADDRESS The first United Queensland Conference of the Wesleyan Methodist and Primitive Methodist Churches was opened at tbe Albert-street Westeyan Church last even lug Ihe President, the Rev. Charles Stead, presided, and there was a large attendance of ministers and lay representa- tives. There was also a large attendance -»»f the public The Conference opened with devotional exercises, conducted by the Rev. William Jeffries and the Rev. William Powell. OFFICIAL ADDRESS. The President, the Rev. Charles Stead, on rising to deliver the opening address of the Conference, was greeted with loud and prolonged applause. The rev. gentle- man said . " My dear and honoured brethren of this United Conference,-My first duty in re- tiring from the chair of the Conference, ob I look upon my brethren of the Wesleyan Methodist Church and tho Primitive Metho- dist Church, ia to express my pleasure and my gratitude to God that we aro now one Conference. (Applause.) Organlo Metho- dist union has now taken place in Queens laud, and this assembly of ministers and lay representative« is tile outward and public evidence of that union. There is now ' one fold' as there haB been ' one Shepherd,' so for as th« Methodist people in this colony are concerned. That which . has been prayed for, earnestly desired, and expected for many years is now an accom- plished faut. (Applause.) 'This is the Lord's doing, and it is marvellous in our eyes' It the hand of man was seen in Church division, the hand of God is seen in Church union. Tho preparatory resolu- tions of the Conferences and the discus- sion« on this ail-important question hate been such as to leave no stain on the escutcheon of Methodism ; and no cause for any enemy to revile. No mere multi- plying of numbera ; no outside pomp and parade ; no exalting of an ism has moved and Impelled the meu of influence who wera leaders in this movement, but the glory of God and the extension of Chris- tianity in this oolony have been the para- mount motives." (Applauss) He went on to refer to some of the prin- cipal events of the past year, including the Diamond Jubilee celebrations, through- out the world, as well as the celebration of the jubilee of the Methodist Church in this colony; and he formally tendered his thanks and those of the Church at.large for the many tokens of goodwill re- ceived from other denominations on that occasion. He went on to say - " I am not aware that thera is in the history of Methodism throughout the world such a remarkable coincidence recorded-the celebration of the Jubilee and the organic union of two branches of our Methodist Church in the same year. The truth is, for many years all the branches of the Methodist Church in the world have baoa getting nearer together. Not in regard to doctrine and worship, and methods of evangelism, but in a Church polity which answer» the requirements of the age we live in. (Applause.) It is now to be most earnestly hoped that the wisdom of the step we have taken will be seen In the development of a healthy spiritual tone In all our churches and augmented agencies to touch with Gospel light and influences the fearfully neglected parts of the popula- tion of this land. (Applause.) My labours during the past year have brought me into contact with many forma of Church and colonial life. One thing I cannot for- get My knowledge has been widened re- specting the geographical dimensions of this colony. I have come to the conclusion that there is room for the surplus popula- tion of Great Britain and Ireland, without going to America or anywhere else. \Ap plause) I have been enabled to visit a large proportion of our circuit«, and a few of the Primitive Methodist stations, snd by personal observation to ascertain the condition of our soeletlis. And I am 'hankful to say that, while th« signs of iplrituol life are cot so manifest, and the «onquest of the Church over the prevailing Dvils of the age are not so great as we would wish to see, yet the cause of Ood _ vigorously maintained. Ii many in- stance« our min tetera and home mission- aries are in charge of areas too wide to be worked efficiently, yet by exposure to manifold dangers and self- denial they are accompli«hing a noble work. (Applause.) The increase in tho membership of our Church during the put year hi» not been bo great as wa« expected. But the numbers indicate that God is favouring us with a measure of spiritual prosperity. In some instances this work 1« pursued under dis- couraging circumstances. My admiration and esteem for my brethren in this minis- try have Increased in proportion as I have seen them in the home and the work of the Church. In the faithful ministry of the Word, and In true devotion to the Ínteres- of the Redeemer's kingdom, there is a true- heartedoes» which wins the affec- tion of our people, I would to God we had a few more like them to overtake the spiritual requirement« ot this country. It Us to me a source of real pleasure that the ministry of the Methodist Church le Inculcating the principles of total abstin- ence, and by word and conduct setting an oxatnple to young and old of sobriety and «elf-restraint ,'Applause.) If you knew bow some of our ministers lo country dis- tricts travelled long Journey«» bore the fatigue« oí exposure in th« trying climatic conditions' to «eruto seasons of the year, and ministered to very small *nd discouraging congregations, and denied themselves of many domestio plea- sures in carrying op their work as Methodist preachers, you would say the days of the heroes aro not yet psat and gone. (Loud applause.) By loyalty to Scripture teach- ing, and lov« for the Church which has been the means o( th*ir conversion, they are de- serving of tho support and the ever-deepen- ing oo- Idepo« and «Section of our people. -I noticing ti-s« features of our Church life {.have bad my faith Increased in the soundness and «oripturalne» of Methodist polity-a polity which needs working, 'nore than mending;." After reference to the opening services of the enlarged church at West End, and m tribute to the memory of the late Rev. Iaaao Harding, the presi- dent went on to say:-" During «hy y«*r of office I have been repeatedly Impressed with one thing : and my colleague and my «__U._-m^_-ff«.]^Jnwisiii1 te th». same way that I have, and I think quite as powenuily. leo iTesidant of the C^ieience Bhould te relieved of all circuit and depart- mental work, and give his time wholly to his presidential duties. It is unfair to tho oirouit where he is stationed.,and quite as unfair to himself. The demands upon h s time and service», in addition to his circuit work, make the president's chair anything but a throne of ease. The requirements of our woik in this extensive colony demand it. lu all respects the Church would be re- warded with Immense compensations for the loss in his circuit work and administration. Young men In lonely circuits could be visited, directed, and encouraged. Meet- ings for circuit development and for ag giesslve work could be held. Circuits emild be visited for evangelistic purposes, and by his visits the spiiitual inteiests could be considered. Then in many instances young men are taken Into our ministry with, but little tiaining, and practical knowledge of the polity of our Church. How much service could bp rendered to our Church by the timely visits and the helpful instruc- tion of Buch, no one can estimate even approximately. (Applause) But we want the means to do it. If we could In the next ten years raise a president's fund of £10,000, the way to set apart our l'tesident would be open. . . . This subject is all the more urgent in conBequenoe of the step recently taken by which the Methodist Churches in this colony »ill, under the same President, be almost twice as large as formerly. When we consider all the official correspondence, the attendance at public meetings, the presiding at committee meetings (the number of which I cannot tell), anu all tho fepeclal sei vices for church and school anniversaries, he must attend, not to mention ull private in- terviewa regarding public, private, and Church affairs, he needs to feel himself freer than one can feel when placed in oharge of a circuit. The wonder Is the step has not been taken before, as one of the most necessary relating to the welfare of our Church. (Applause.) At the time Methodist union was consummated, which was on the 1st January of this year, the uniting Churches numbered 4862 members, with 30,765 adherents. The ministers In full connection and on probation will now number about sixty, not including home missionaries and evangelists The nume- rical strength of Methodism will be indi- cated by these figures, and by the fact that during the lost twenty years the in- crease has been such as to cause wide- spread gratitude to God. (Applause.) If a divided Methodism has so prospered, what ought a united Methodism to do ? j See how the fruits of a united Methodism in Canada have appeared ! Some said union would not advance either God's cause generally, or the peace of the Methodist Church in the Dominion. But since the union their buccobs has been phenomenal. One thing deserves to be emphasised : this prosperity has not been at the expense of other Churches, and to their disadvantage Prosperity with Methodists is not depleting and thinning the ranks of other sister Churches. If men are found only nomi- nally allied to other Churches and are genuinely converted by Methodist agencies we olalm them, and we think we have a perfeot right to do so. (Applause.) And so it should be In all departments of Church work. We must not be satisfied by repeating to ourselves, ' What hath God wrought V but by hopefully and confi- dently asking, « What, if we ,are faithful, will God accomplish for us ?' I wish here to correct an error which is likely to become provalent. This united Church has been called the New Churoh. It is no new Church at all It is more emphatically and truthfully the old Church. No doc- trine has been changed or relinquished. No principle has been in any degree sacri- ficed. Rather than, sacrifice a principle the Ohurches would have preferred remain- ing as they were. (Applause ) A Church polity has been mutually adopted, it Is true, In which both Wesleyans and Primi- tives have made concessions , but of what kind » Only those which touoh the methods of Church work, and the financiol matters, ohlefly relating to ministers them- selves The genius of Methodism evlsts in both. Then why should they not unite ? I hope the results of this Important step will bo manifold. New South Wales has two colleges, one for boys and young men and another for girls and young women. Victoria has its Wesley and Queen's Col- leges, the latter affiliated with the Univer- sity, and also its college for young women Tasmania has Its college, and so has New Zealand. For many years South Aus- tralia has had a flourishing college. Why Bhould not we in (his colopv have one of our own ? 1 hope the day is not far dis- tant when, even on a small scale, the Insti- tution will be commenced. (Applause.) I hope when It is the income will not be used to pay enormous sums for interest on a costly building, but for the purposes of working by a superior staff of tutors" The holding of the General Conference in New Zealand was touched . upon, after which Mr. Stead;., continued " I think It Is fitting, and, Indeed,'necessary that I should dwell for a few minutes^en 'he place and power of the augmented Metho- dist Church, This organic union of the Methodist Churches Is nothing lesB than a development in the religious life of our common Christianity Circumstances im- pelled us to say, Close the ranks. In other parts of the world the Free Churches are now under an evangelical and spiritual organisation aiming at this end. If Eng- land Is to be won for Christ this must take place. It may be asked, Why ? In- fidelity takes advantage of divided ranks. Sacerdotalism Is not calculated to save souls, but to put in Protestant Churches the very things our forefathers suffered mar- tyrdom to have expelled. Sacerdotalism is antagonistic to spiritual and vital godli- ness. The time was when Australian Methodism set the English Churches an Í example. Now the English Churches are setting us one ; and one of the best. This spirit of unJon is so developing, that ere long the remaining stones in the partition wall will be pulled down, and, while Church organisations may differ, and will differ, we snail be more than ever a great fold under the one shepherd. . . . How alike ara we In points of doctrine. We have the reliable creed, which goes back to John Wesley, a name as dear to Primitive MethQd'sts as'to. members of the old body, and, further, even to St. Paul himself. Wesley, in his fifty-three sermons and notes upon the New Testament, only restates the teaching of the Word of God, and every man who bears the name of Methodist can accept that statement. In church polity we are substantially one Our differences were so small that it did not take long to E settle them, and agree upon a basis of I union. We. then, as a part of the Chrls r tlan Church, have an important part to »J play ia .»taadlûf and co&aarvi;&c; toa Kingdom of God in this young colony. \\(Ap- ] plausc.) No one can deny that it Is our duty to take care of our own. There are thuusands of persons, young and old, in this land, born and reared in Methodist homes. They are in many cases spiritual Ci,, min ti 1U0U114 11 «t uave no other, duty,'this one Is paramount and im- perative-their spiritual requirements must be met But there is even a wider area, and, in some respects, as important. The time is fast passing away when men and women will ally themselves with a dead cause. The whole colony is open to us. 1 thank God, ¡1 >m one end tu ire other almost, we have gone in where God has opened our way. And we mean. God help- ing us, to remain. The formularies of our Church may be acceptable, and attractive, but we are not going to rest in them. The agents may be men of considerable re Bfiutces in regard to finance and polity, but thin is not to be our glory. Our glory shall b« the number and stability of our con- verts , and the strong and effective Churches raised up by the grace and power of the Holy Spirit tbrough human means While 1 ln'emperance is prevalent, and Sabbath j desecration is robbing the labouring man of his rights, the Methodist Church has work before her. (Loud applause.) While greed and wrong and dishonesty in high ¡ places and low are spreading want end misery and pain in the various classes ot society, Methodism has a work to do. While men and women are found outside the king- dom of God, and strangers to vital godll- | ness, breaking His laws, and living heedless ' of the retribution which follows sin, Method- 1 lum has a work to do. She does not wish to contend with other Protestant Churches, , nor in any place envy them, but to work with them towardB the grand end for which Christianity was established on the earth. (Applause ) It is undeniable the sphere» of Methodism must not change. She began , her noble career amongst the working classes, when she commenced to lay hold on the populations of Great Britain. She soon began to make poor men rich, Ignorant men wise, and profligates prosperous, pure, and noble And she did not refuse to go to the rich and opulent, and transformed them. If this Church of ours, with itB voices com- ing from the sainted dead, who were men of renown, is to do its wor'-c aright, it must insist on the brotherhood of man It must insist on a practical observance of the golden rule, ' As ye would that men should unto you, do je even so to them.' (Ap- plause ) The laws of the gospel must touch life-dally life. The law of love must be practical and impartial Our religion must be so believed in and practised that humanity at largo shall be benefited. When Methodism forgets the poor man she will deserve to die (Applause) We shall never lill our churches* with working men if we treat them with carelessness But Methodism is adapted to all classes, and it should reach all classes and produces a spirit of genuine brotherllness, which will have a most beneficial result, both morally and intellectually, as well as materially, wherever It exists. (Applause.) We have, thank God, splendid illustrations of what has been done, and if we are true to our our principles we can see it again illustrated In this colony of ours. Every- one who considers himself a Christian is bound to look wi*h real and deep concern on the educational system of the age, and particularly the system in the colony where he resides (Applause ) An education without the principles of Christianity, and where the name of God is little more than a form, is not the education we want for the young people of Queensland. (Pro- longed applause ) It may please deists and agnostics, but it will not satisfy them ulti- mately. To close our eyes to the necessi- ties of future days is folly. To expect a righteous, law-abiding, and prosperous people in years to come whose moral educa- tion is neglected In childhood and youth, is as unreasonable, and as unscrlptural, as it is unnatural (Applause) I do not say that the State should Insist on teaching ceitaln distinctive denominational dogma», but in a professedly Christian country Christianity should be taught (Applause.) The young are rising Up and taking their places In all departments and occupations of life and in society. It is an unwise policy to deal with mankind in the masa Man must be dealt with as an individual, and that on the basis of adaptation of means to secure beat results The progress of religion is essential to the progress of the colony, for a sound Christian morality touches in the most bénéficiai way politics and com- merce, and all the relations of social life. (Applause ) This progress must be looked for in our young people. Some may «ay this land can do without Christian teach- ing. He who says this and acts accord- ingly is the colony's worst enemy. As a rule what young people are in the process of training they will be when the training Is completed The present system of training in our State schools bas not suffi- cient religious instruction and Scripture doctrine in it The only true basis of morality is found in the word of God And the groundwork of a right life ia laid in the training of tbe conscience, as the con- science stands related first to God, and then to our fellow-men. The experiment has been tried of endeavouring to main- tain national peace and prosperity by banishing as much as possible both the knowledge and fear of God. And what has been the result ? When every man professed to have the standard of morality in himself-that is, in his unregenerate mind-no wonder there waa strife and war, bloodshed, and terror. If we are to learn anything by the historical records and pic- tures handed down to us it muet be this, Train the young to fear God and honour the king ' Let our national religion rest upon the commands and obligations as set forth In the word of God. In order to obtain more of the religious element in day school teaching we must cease our de- nominational contentions or we shall not get it (Applause) All must unite, and if no better plan can bs adopted let us incorporate the clause In the New South Wales Education Act, setting apart during school hours of a cert&ln; amount of time, when « minister or authorised agent can take his own young people, and in suit- able rooms, not In the open air, give a proper Scripture lesson or an exposition of some leading truth in the Christian faith. Our motto should be-More care in training the youth of Queens- land." (Loud and prolonged applause.) In conclusion he said :-" No ques- tion should stir us more than this, How can we do great things for God T The answer can only be obtained from God Himself, and that by his spirit through His Immutable word. ' Not by might, nor by power, but by My spirit, aaith the Lord of Hosts ' Let all believers become channels of divine Influence by being possessed with the Holy Ghost. Let all contribute in some degree to advance the cause of the one Divine Master. Let a Vigorous piety he the longed for and the "ultimately attained moral condition of professing Christian«, and there will be no need to ask where t« your God. Whatever else we may posses«, brethren, unless we possess the enduement of power we shall not aot worthy of the traditions and alms of Methodism. Let our motto be ' Have faith in God.' Every investigation into His word and character should strengthen that faith ; and every victory should lead us to attempt in a spirit of .Increasing confidence yet greater victories for our Redeemer and Lord. Enemies may be numerous, and conditions may be discouraging. But Queensland is God's land, and we mean to live and labour at an augmented and cemented Christian community- , ' Till righteousness abound, As the great deep profound, And fill the land with purity.' " The President resumed his seat amidst loud and prolonged applause. ELECTION OF PRESIDENT. The election of a President for the ensu- ing twelve months resulted in the return of the Rev. Henry Youngman, with 64 votes. Mr. Youngman was then escorted to the presidential chair amidst loud and con- tinued applause The retiring President congratulated Mr. Youngman on his elec- tion to the position, and presented him with the insignia of once. ' The Rev Henry Youngman, in returning thank«, «aid that the honour they had con- ferred on him was tate crowning honour of his »fe, « 1 1 \- ^ELECTION OF SECRETARY. A ballot ¡*¡m oh«-for «ho election of a secretary, which resulted in the Rev. W. Powell polling 38 votes, and, as this was an absolute majority of tha other candi- dates, he was duly declared elected. VOTE OF THANKS TO THE RETIRING PRESIDENT. The Rev. W. Jeffries moved,-"That the best thanks of the Conference be tendered to the Rev. Charles Stead, the retiring President, for the ability and fidelity with which he had discharged the duties of office during the past year." The motion was seconded by the Rev. J. Martin, and carried with acclamation. The Rev. W. Jeffries, in conveying the. resolution to the retiring President, pre- sented him with a very handsome Bible, on behalf of the Conference, and In which the terms of the resolution wore inscribed. The Rev. Charles Stead feelingly returned thanks. The meeting then closed. STATIONING COMMITTEE. Following ara the first readings of minis- terial appointments as passed by the United Statlontng Committee of the Methodist Con- ference :- / South Dlitriot.-Brisbane (Albert-street) C. E. James ; George Woolnough, M.A., supernumerary. Brisbane (Wesley)-Chas. Stead, William Brown. Brisbane (the Val- ley)-J. G. Martin. Brisbane (West End) One from New Zealand. Toowong- William Dinning. Ithaca—John J. Gee, (Enoggera- terrace), James R. Williams (Kelvin Grove), Nundah—Thomas Brassington, Sandgate— Bernhard Frederick ; Alexander Douglas, supernumerary. Ipswich—Henry Young- man, Joseph Snell, James Doran. Pine River—Stephen Wright. Pimpama-Albert Taylor (Beenleigh). Toowoomba-Thomas Warham. Warwick-Joseph Bowes. Stan- thorpe-Thomas R. Thurlow. Roma-G. \V. /Payne. Cunnamulla-one to be sent. /Thargomindah-Home missionary. Mary- borough-Alexander Hutchison ; Charles Wiles, supernumerary. Gympie- William H. Harrison ; one to bo Bent. Nambour Home missionary. Bundaberg-Tom Elli- son. Gin Gin-Home missionary. North District.-Rockhampton-Edward Youngman. Mount Morgan-Silas Muscio. Peak Downs-A. G. Smith. Townsville John Calvert, John F. Goldie. Herbert River-Home missionary. Charters Towers -Robert Stewart, Eldred Dyer (Ravens- wood). Croydon-one to bo sent. Benjamin Bottomley requests permission to rest for one year, to vIbU England. By direction of the General Conference, Wil- liam Jeffries has - been transferred to the South Australia Conferencie, and Henry Pennington and W. Henry Howard to the New South Wales Conference. Brisbane District.-Leichhardt-street, to be supplied ; West End, William Faulkner ; Valley, William Powell ; Toowong. James Williams ; East Brisbane, Albert E. Fox ; Ipswich, Andrew H. Stokoe ; Bundaberg, Isaac Castlehow ; Gympie, Edwin T. Lloyd ; Fassifern, Reuben Newell ; Laidley, JameB E. Everltt ; Howard and Isis, William Little and John W. Thompson ; Crow's Nest, evangelist (James Moorhouse) ; Marybo- rough, John Adamson ; Toowoomba, John Prowse ; Caboolture, William H. Green- wood ; Logan and Albert, Irvine Weir ; Eidsvold, Fred. Greewood. Rockhampton District.-Rockhampton I., Matthew Foggon ; Rockhampton II., James Foster ; Charters Towers, David Boyd ; Cooktown, Thomas Powell ; Herberton, Arthur Harding ; Mackay, William Smith ; Mount Morgan, Stephen Larkin ; Barcaldine, Martin Webster ; Longreach, Charles Wes- ley ; Cairns, William Shenton ; Emerald, Thomas Nock ; Croydon, one wanted ; Georgetown, one wanted. 