FEDERATION. 1 , I BATHURST FEDERALISTS. 1 OVEN A CAMPAIGN. DELEGATES ON TOUR. In accordance with a resolution passed by the Bathurst Branch of the Federal Associa tion, two contingents of delegates, assisted by Mr. A. G. Thompson, a Commonwealth Bill enthusiast, commenced an attack under the banner of the advocates of ' Union and Prosperity ' on outlying centres of the district on Saturday evening. Tho result of their first invasion proved most encouraging to the Federal warriors, and the reception they met with fully rewarded the League for the action instituted. Dr. Hurst and Mr. John Boyd were de puted to bombard Newbridge, and they gave indisputable proof that their artillery was of sufficient calibre. There were about 60 electors present, and at the conclusion of the onslaught the attacked party united in such ready submission to the invaders as to lead to the supposition that a large section of the populace were not unwilling to be conquered and that they will prove serviceable allies to the federalists in the combat on 3rd June. The Rev. A. J. Webb and Mr. John Lee were the delegates selected by the League to U WUUUCil) 1VU1UU VYUO- VUUDlUbAWk* UU , be a stronghold of the enemy. These cham pions of the national cause were assisted by at f usilade from the verbal musketry of Mr A. G. Thompson, who also chartered a con veyance from Donnelly Bros., in order to carry the battlers, accompanied by their sup porters, to the scene of hostilities. The at tack was met by a very feeble resistance, the only response to the volley being a feeble popgun, which was attempted to be fired under cover of a friendly pretence but which was discovered to be a piece of strategy whereby an unfair advantage was sought to be taken by the enemy. The following is a description of the attacks : — O'CONNELL BESIEGED. Mr. C. Armstrong was voted to the chair. In opening the meeting he said that in no previous epoch in the history of Australia had the colonists placed before them a ques tion in which they should be so deeply interested as that of Federation. The Rev. A. J. Webb said that the object of the speakers was to give information on the question, aB they had no axes to grind or parties to serve. They had nothing to gain, but came out simply in order to throw as much light on the subject as possible and to help forward the great cause of union. One could not help feeling proud_ of being deputed to speak on suoh a subject Federation simply meant the uniting together of a number of colonies without in terference of the Federal Parliament with the Government of any individual colony. New South Wales and Victoria would still rule themselves except on certain matters affecting the interest of the whole of the colonies. Federation did not mean uni fication, but a binding together of the States for a common interest. As ah illustration of the advantage of union, he referred to the question of military defence, one which the people might have to look to very . soon. He would not be surprised if within a couple of years the whole world was in flames. At present it saemed to be in the state in which gunpowder was when a match was placed nigh. In the event of such a calamity, the people of Australia would be called upon to bear their part of the con jugation. It would be thus a great advan tage to do so under one central authority, as there would be nothing like suchian'authority with power to act immediately and effect ively, The service could also be managed much more economically than by a number of the colonies. If they united under a Federal authority the people could give, as the modern poet Rudyard Kipling said.ga six handed blow to a common enemy. In the case lof quarantine, they had before ex perienced difficulties with those laws owing to the colonies not moving together. At present one colony may have different regu lations, with the result that disease slips in. In lighting the coast and a great many other matters affecting the w'hole of the colonies it would be agrea,t advantage to have a 1 Government which could deal with them from an unselfish and unprovincial point of view. A Federal government would be able to give effect to the voice of the people in things which applied to every Australian, while the people of each State would still be free to govern them selves in matters of only local concern. There had been for yeara a strong desire to federate, but the movement dropped until, in 189G, the people showed its feeling un mistakably. A Convention was held in Bathurst, which expressed the opinion of all the other colonies, and reduced matters from a theoretical to a practical point. Then followed the Conventions held in Melbourne, and to represent this colony the people picked out ten of the best men for the purpose — men who had the confidence of the people generally, and who did their part for their own colony, as well as for the whole of Aus tralia. The work of framing a Constitution occupied several months, and seven of the 10 delegates from N.S.W. came back and are now prepared ito support the Bill, which has been the outcome of the labors and deli berations of all the delegates. This, he thought, was a strong argument in favor of accepting it. The Bill was not a perfect one, but no bill had ever been passed by a Parliament which was perfect. They muBt bear in mind the work that had to be done. The Bill was not framed in the interests of any particular colony, and the N.S.W. dele gates had to meet those from other colonies, who held opposite views. It would be utterly impossible for any bill to be framed unleis in a spirit of ' give and take ' where inte rests were so widely divergent, and no com promise was entirely satisfactory to all parties- The Premier, Mr. Reid, made an important statement when he said that the Bill represented the utmost limit to which the other colonies were prepared to make a concession. Coming from such a source, the speaker regarded that aB a great consideration. The Bill was not satisfactory in all particulars to the people of New South Wales, but it was the best that could be obtained under the ciroumstances, and the be3fc they were likely to get. (Hear, hear.) The Constitu tion bad been objected to from entirely different sources— some objectad that it was too democratic, and others that it was un democratic. Tho old Tory party and the extreme Socialists combined -forces and opposed the bill on totally different grounds. He, however, thought moderate men were right in saying that the Constitution was very democratic. Ho regarded it more so than that under which the people of New South Wales lived at present, as both Houses, under Federation, would be elected by and would be responsible to the people. The Senate, although it would not be dis solved so easily as the House of Representa tives, would always be changing its form and the people would havo a voice in those ohangea. That Chamber wou'd be moro democratic than any other Upper House at presentexisting,and tho constitution wes more elastic and freer than any other prevailing in the world. Wo had a constitution which had been tho wortc of the ableit men in the colonies, and tjie people of New South Wales muBt be prepared to meet the .other people half way, There wepj valid object tions to the bill, but they were not sufficient to warrant them in declining the advantages which would undoubtedly result. In all matters of lif(5|thoy had to woigh things for and against. And the quosfion was net whether it wr.B a perfect bill, but whether it was not something well worth having, and whethor the objections against it were not far outweighed by the advantages. Ho con sidered it one of tho strongest arguments that Mr. Reid, who had spent a lot of timo in pointing out every fault in the bill, was going to vote for it. If Mr. Reid, who clearly paw all ttho defects, would vote for it^wby could not they? The defects wore not insur mountable barriers, and many of tho objec tions which had been raised had died a natural death, whilst the othors were mostly bogies. Thoy had risen up as ghosts, which, if they would only walk up to them and sit on them, would be found to be not there. Referring to tho reports of tho two great morning dailies, Mr. Webb said it was very hard to form an opinion of tho feeling of the country from either of the papers, but ho would advise his hearers to read the bill, exercise their own good sense and judgment, and vote os their consciences dictated. Ho deplored anything like apathy on that, the greatest question which had ever come before Australian citizens to decide. It was so momentuous and had so much to do with tho interests of the children that it would bo almost criminal for any man to Bhirk his re sponsibility. He was in favor of the bill, and would be happy to see the citizens send it in with a booming majority, but if, on the other hand, he felt sure that every man had acted according to his conscience and judg ment in voting for its rejection he would be quite satisfied. If they rejected the measure they did not know when they would get an other. He pointed nut, with reference to the objection regarding theinereased expenditure, that if Australia was invaded by the Spaniards or Russians the people would have to go under a large expenditure in military matters whether they federated or not. In the event of the Bill being rejected, they had no guarantee that the other colonies would consent to make concessions, and they would probably encounter a difficulty inas much as the inhabitants of other States would refuse to come together again, as New South Wales had thrown them over. On the other hand, if Federation was accomplished, there would be the advantage of intercolo nial freetrade, which was a great considera tion, especially to the farmers and business men. They would also stand in a better position with regard to the outside world, as they would possess the power of united action in commerce and politics, which, as individual colonies, they would never pos sess. In conclusion, he hoped the people would banish all existing jealousies and pro vincial feelings in order to work for a com mon interest. (Cheers.) Mr. John Lee then briefly addressed the audience, confining hie remarks to the finan cial aspect. He pointed out that the Finance Committee had estimated the extra cost entailed by Federation at 3s Gd, but Mr. Bruce Smith had estimated it at only 2s lOd a head, per annum. These estimates were merely specu lative, and he did not believe any living person could foretell how the uniform tariff would operate in seven years. Of every £1 contributed by N. S. W. about 17s Gd would be refunded to the State Treasurer, and it would be for the people (through their re presentatives) to decide as to how that money should be applied. Mr. Ci»rruthers suggested that the railway rates should be lowered, which he thought was a good suggestion, as the result would be that the cost, of living to people in-the country would be reduced by this means. Taking the basis of a £7,000,000. tariff for Australia, the Finance Committee estimated that the share of New South Wales would ) be £3,010,000. Under the Dibbs tariff, the speaker pointed out, the amount derived in Customs was nearly tho same, viz., £3,010,018, which he did not think the people found very oppressive. He emphasised the advantage which would ac crue to the farmers and graziers of this colony by the establishment of intercolonial freetrade. Whilst the Victorian market was fenced in to the restriction of the people of this colony, her producers could compete with those of New South Wales when good prices were obtainable without any restric tion whatever. Regarding the defence of Australia, he thought no one would object to the extra share of taxation. He contended that Mr, Coghlan had overloaded the expendi ture in this respect in estimating the extra cost for Australia at £325,000, inasmuch as the Finance Committee estimated that £75,000 would be sufficient, whilst Major General French thought the annual outlay for New South Wales would only amount to £17,600. Regarding the consolidation of debts, the saving of interest on loans would, it was estimated, amount to no less a sum than £1,500,000 (nearly the whole cost for the transferred and new Bervtees combined) as a result of the taking over of the debts of the variouB colonies by the Federal Parliament. Instead of the iniquitous taxes of 30s per head on cattle, 2s on sheep and Is 9d on wheat levied on 'the Victorian border, the barriers would bo swept away, and the whole of Australia would be open to them as a market. The Chairman then announced that Mr. A. G. Thompson would speak on the legal aspect of the question. Mr. Thompson said he merely came out to see how the Kev. Mr. Webb and Mr. Lee would fare in dealing with the electors, and it was not his intention to speak at the meet ing. However, as the chairman had called upon him, he felt it a command he must obey, not only on account of his friendship for the chairman, but also for the respect which he held towards the people of the district. He did not think that anyone would charge the speakers with having a personal interest in the serious matter on which they had addressed those present. The electors of Australia had never had thrust upon them so grave a responsibility nor had there been a higher privilege within their reach, than at the present time. It might bo said that 99 per cent of persons who read the Bill would have a host of doubts as to what particular provisions meant. The most astute lawyers had doubt3 as to certain par ticulars, but although it contained defects, the Constitution Bill was one upon which they would have to decide on 3rd June. If it was rejected, the result, in his opinion, would be that no man living would ever have tho opportunity of saying '?yes' or 'no' to a similar measure. If tho Bill was carried and the Australian colonies were united, he believed that pros perity would commence to flow, and that tho people would became elevated as a nation, which would command respect, instead of being a lot of separate colonies working out of harmony. The people could not but do homage to the men who had devoted their time and displayed their talents in an en deavor to bring about Federation. He re ferred to Messrs, Barton, and O'Connor and others who.' had lost thousands qf poimtla. by neglecting thoir own interests in order to forward tho:e of the 'people. Was there, ho asked, in Australia a more scholariy and fair-dealing, yet a more cautious, man than his Eminence Cardinal Moran, who had stepped down from his high pedestal in order to attend a Convention at Bathurst. Tho Premier, whenever he. had spoken, seemed to ferret out whatever defects there were in tho Bill. Having been in the fore front of the debates, having read between the lines and helped to frame tho Bill, ho was in a poiition to pick out the defects, but notwithstanding all that, tho Premier had said to everyone in tho colony ' I will vote for it.' He olaimed that, notwithstanding tho defects pointed out by Mr. Reid, no stronger argument had ever fallen from aay person than that which fell from the Pr.-mior when he said bo would vote for it. Regard ing the attitude taken by the newspapers, Mr. Thompson said that his hearers, when they read the fulminations which appeared day after day and column after column in the ' Daily Telegraph ' (which was distributed far and wide), they should remember that everything that appeared in that journal emanated from one particular person, Ho askccj [hem if they would set the opinion of that person against the a'd- dressbs of able men who had tramped the country in support of t]ie Bill, Ho also dwe't 00 tho ndvqntagcs of an international frcotraclc. He hoped the people would realiso their grave responsibilities by voting for the union of Australia, thus taking tho first stop in setting the national joy bells ringing, and freeing Australia from tho miserable and conflicting condition which now existed. Mr. Maund stood up and Baid he presumed that a resolution in favor of the Bill would ba moved, thus giving bim an opportunity to movo an amendment. If not, he desired to ask Mr. Lee a few questions. 'The Chairman said ho was not aware that any sneh resolution would be put. In answer to Mr. Macquarie,! tho Rev. A J. Webb said that the word ' indissoluble ' applied to the Constitution but not to Feder ation. That is, if desirable, the Constitution could be altered in course of time. In reply to Mr. Oldham, tho same speaker said that he understood clauso 11(5 to mean that there would be perfect liberty in religi ous matters. Mr. R. H. Thompson was about to propose a voto of thanks to the speakers, when Mr. Maund again rose and said ho would like to ask Mr. Lee some questions unless there was a proposition to be made that the bill was satisfactory to the electors. He would like the electors to hear some of the salient objections. Mr. Maund then com menced to read a formidable looking docu ment, and asked Mr. Lee if ho admitted certain facts bearing on the representation in the Senate. Mr. Lee said that the interest of the States were not identical. He was prepared to answer any questions, but would point out that Mr. Maund was making a speech. Mr. Oldham then moved, ' That the bill meets with the approval of the meeting,' in order, as he openly expressed, to allow Mr. Maund to move an amendment and speak thereon. This was seconded by Mr. Logue. Mr. Maund then availed himself of the piece of strategy by moving an amendment to the effect ' That the bill so little served the interests of New South Wales that it did not meet with the acceptance of the* people.' The Chairman remarked that if the object of Mr. Oldham in moving the motion was not a higher one than he expressed, then it was a very unworthy one. Mr. Maund said that he was only desirous that both ' sides should be put before the electors. The Chairman said he thought the matter should be fully ventilated, but as the motion was admittedly hostile, he did not think he was justified in countenancing it. Mr. A. G. Thompson said that, the dele gates from the League having engaged the hall, they should be allowed to control the proceedings. He thought that Mr. Maund would be showing very bad form if he took cover under a motion of the kind in order to speak. The Rev. Mr. Webb said the question was whether both Bides could be given in one evening. He would suggest that Mr. Maund should take another night in view of the hour and the distance the party had to travel. Mr. Maund flattered the speakers by say ing that it was hard to get another meeting with the same number of people. Mr. Thompson said that Mr, Maund had already addressed the meeting at O'Connell. The chairman did not think it good taste on the part of Mr. Oldham in moving the resolution in order to give room for the amendment. The resolution was not moved on behalf of the conveners, and he therefore did not feel justified in accepting it. However, he would be pleased to take the chair on another occasion if Mr. Maund desired to speak. Mr Maund then announced that he would speak on Wednesday night. On the motion of Messrs. Morgan and Heylin a vote of thanks was carried to the apeakersifor visiting O'Connell and expressing their views on the question. 