TERRIBLE BURNING ACCIDENT. A SYDNEY MAN FALLS ON A HOT STEAMPIPE IN A BATH. HIS FLESH ADHERED TO THE PIPE LIKE A STEAK TO A FRYINGPAN. AN AWFUL SIGHT. While in a bath in Pitt-street, a Mr. Jar vis had the misfortune to slip and fall on the hot waterpipes, and before he could be rescued he was scalded and burnt in a terrible way. The shock of the burning and the fail proved to be very disastrous for Mr. Jarvis, and for a number of years after he was a confirmed invalid, suffering terribly from locomotor ataxia and other forms of paralysis. A few months ago, however, reports began to be circulated in the neighbourhood that Mr. Jarvis was getting round .again, and that he ha4 had a most marvellous recovery from this apparently incurable malady. It was on account of these rumours that a special ^ reporter from the Sydney Worker was dispatched to get all information regarding same, and one afternoon he made his way to his house, 45, Crown-lane, Ultimo. Mr. Thos. Jarvis was discovered nursing a twoyear-old baby, and his face declared him one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about,* and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still a few marks of a critical illness and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid no more. In reply to the preliminary questions he said:—"You want to know all about my case? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." "How long were you suffering? 3 ' " Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago nest Christmas I met with an accident; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pittstreet, Sydney. Since the accident I bave bean in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." " What were the symptoms?" "Simply indescribable. The pains vera something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a eaw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and I was a nuisance to myself and every one else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and conld neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions." " Did you make use of the order?" "No; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever Bince. Five weeks ago I could not walk acrqas the floor; in fact, I could not get out of bed. 1' felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of tha spinal cord, characterized by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in CO' ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Jos* then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.} Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the, advertisement describing the cure effected in the case of another boilermaker in England, which I read in the Australian Workman, by Dr. WilliamJ»Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. You see those crutches there? They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them." "He is 100 per cent, better," said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. "The Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People have saved his life, and made another man of him." A friend who called in at this point said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previous. "I can now," continued Jarvis, "have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back into mv legs. I ascribe all the' change and benefit'to Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no p∈ now whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills Which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here. 1 '' Such is this remarkable history, and it confirms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this country of the astonishing" cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Palo People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, jsuch as anaemia, pale and sallow-complexion, scaeral muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache &c.; ' Mr. J. S. T. McGowen, leader of the Labour Party in the N.S.W. Legislative Assembly, was seen by our reporter in connection with the remarkable case of Thomas Jarvis. Mr. McGowen says he has known Jarvis from infancy. He also knew that he had to give up his work at Glebe Island abattoirs twelve months sgo owing to a malady which he developed. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was bedridden, and that there was little chance of his recovery. He understood Jarvis was refused admission to Sydney Hospital, as his case had been proncunced incurable. Mr. McGowen was, therefore, like every one else who knew the facts, astounded at the complete recovery of J arvis. These wonderful pills are obtainable from leading chemists, or from the Dr. Williams Medicine Co., Qusen's-place, Sydney, who will forward (post paid) on receipt of stamps or post order, one box for 2s. 9d., or half-dozen for 15s. 3d. See that the genuine Dr. Williams are gotten. 