i another comforter I By the Rev. F. B. Meyer, M.A . Christ Church, Westminster. B And I will pray the Father, and He I shall give you another Comforter.— John 14\. 16- "Another Comforter," or Paraclete the Master satu. xne v.iiuicii uaa twu auvu- I cates, the one with the Father in Hea- I ven; the other in her midst, "for we have I been builded together as an habitation I of God through the Spirit." "Ye," said I the Apostle, speaking of the Church col- lectively, "are the temple o,f the Holy I Ghost." When the one advocate went up, the other came down to be to each believer and to the whole Church, all that tlie Lord Jesus would have been I had the ministry of the 40 days been in- I definitely prolonged. THIS IS THE SECRET OF PRAYER. I By the Spirit in the heart, we are I brought into living sympathy with the I Saviour on the throne, and we naturally I ash for those things which it is the will of God to give. Of course, as the Church is mads up I of individual believers, tlte-dmmanence I of the Divine Spirit in the whole depends on H is immanence in each. And His 111- dwelling in any individual spirit is ne- cessarily productive of all manner of ' Christ-forming, sin-destroying, grace- producing results. Holiness is the in- evilable outcome of the indwelling of the B Holy Ghost when He is permitted entire and undisputed supremacy. Of these our space forbids more than this mere mention, as we wish only to enumerate B the Fpec- ial functions of the Spirit of Gcd in respect of the Church's mission , in the world. THE ANOINTING FUNCTION. Here, too, there is a remarkable parallel B between the experiences of Christ and of B His Church. Not only was He conceived B of the Holy Ghost, but when the long B preparatory period has passed, He was B anointed for His work as the great Ser- B vant of God. He stooped to associate B Himself with sinners by submitting to < baptism in the waters of Jordan, and immediately the Spirit!bf God, who had "been In Him, descended upon Him, and He was able to say, "The Spirit of the Lord- is upon Me, be cause he hath anointed Me to preach." This was our Saviour's Pentecost, the hour in which He was endued with power, and was filled by the Spirit, not by measure, but in il limitable abundance. Similarly, when the Church was essay ing to undertake her great mission to the world, to preach the Gospel to the poor, to proclaim liberty to the captive, the opening of the prison to the bound, she, too, was anointed for her work. Not a step might she stir, though the world was knocking at her doors, till she had been thus endued with power from on high. Ever since then, the Kisen Christ has been ANOINTING AND ENDUING MEN. The oil which has been so copiously pour ed on the head of our Aaron descends to each fragment of His sacred dress that claims the sacred chrism. The Lord received the Holy Ghost as an individual at the Jordan, but He received Him again, so Peter tells us, when He as cended up on high, and this lime as our Head and Representative (Acts ii. 33). He has been infilled that He may infil, anointed that He may anoint, endued that He may endue. Though in all this it must be remembered .that we are not now touching on His Divine Nature, but on His office as the High Priest of His Church. As a river pouring over a mountain-side fills the large tarns and lakes beiow, so the nature of God pours into the Divine human nature of the Son, and it by the Spirit into all hearts that by faith claim His infilling. HIS ADMINISTERING FUNCTION. Throughout the Book of the Acts, We find that the Holy Ghost is the prime mover and administrator. He said to Peter, "Three men seek for thee, go with them. I have sent for them;" He said, "Separate me Barnabas and Saul;" He controlled the movements of the Apostle, "the Spirit of Jesus suffered them not;" He was so evidently present in the Church, that the first official document ran thus: "It seems good to the Holy Ghost, and to us." He struck down those that lied against His Divine Ma jesty. These are instances out of many. Indeed, there is not a chapter in . the Acts which does not contain some refer ence to the administrative function of the Holy Ghost. And what, was- true- of the early Church has been true in the history of the universal Church in every age, and might be true of each separate one. My beloved friend, the late Dr. Gordon, to long talks with whom on this subject I owe so much, once told me that in his earlier ministry he was more anxious to administer and guide" his church than in later years. He found that he vfes at tempting work which the Holy Spirit could do better. It was enough, there- fore, to preach perpetually on the work of the Holy- Spirit, to keep his people's tmiinds directed towards it, and to ' be lieve' that the Spirit Himself would ener gise through ithe Gburch to the perfect realising of ail its possibilities. THE CO-OPERATING FUNCTION. A scientific lecturer often employs the services of a demonstrator, who, by the experiments he performs, or the figures he chalks on the blackboard, presents to the eye what the speaker is presenting to the ear. This co-operation 4s like the double lens of the binocular glass, and the impression of the conjoint wit- ness . is proportionately great, so, ever since the day of Pentecost, when a ser vant of Christ has stood up in the right condition of soul, and in 'believing fel lowship with the Divine Spirit, he has been a fellow-witness to the Gospel. "We are witnesses of these things, and so is also the Holy Ghost." Whilst the servant of God is elaborat ing and enforcing the truth disclosed to him through the Bible, at the moment that he is speaking the Spirit of God is at work, convicting of sin, righteousness and judgment; de monstrating the truth of what is ad vanced, and driving the arrow home in the joints the harness. It is a mis take, therefore, to argue for the Gospel; it is better far to bear witness to it. This is our function. "Ye shall be wit nesses unto Me." But it is highly im portant that we present Christ in His Gospel. /The Spirit is not bound to add His testimony to aught else. Not to bursts of eloquence, nor to roams of essays on the last strike, nor to phil osophy and science, but to the truth as it is in Jesus, is the Spirit responsive. If once a man learns to rely on this, it makes him wonderfully calm and still. His fury and passion will not be of ava.il, but if he really knows "the com munion," or partnei'ship, "of the Holy Spirit," that will answer all. HIS UPBUILDING FUNCTION. Between the fii'st and second Advents God is formulating a new humanity. The Head was constituted in the Incarnation, but especially in the death and resurrec tion of the second Adam. The body is being added, soul by seul. It is worth our while to give full meaning to the phrase, "Believers were the more added to the Lord" (Acts v., 14). They were, of coui'se, added to the Chui'ch, but be fore that they had been added to the Lord. They were added to the Church because they had been added to the Loi'd. This is a special function of the Holy Spirit to attract and draw men to the Head. He does this through the Chui'ch. Thus the Body of Chi'ist is being built up. In the purpose of God we may say, as David did of his natural body, "In Thy book all my members were wi'itten, which in continuance were fashioned," That is the point; the mem bers of the Lord's mystical body are being fashioned In continuance; and as each new fragment Is added, it becomes the vehicle or channel through which the energy of the Holy Ghost passes to incorpoi'ate still more. HIS REVEALING FUNCTION. The one aim of the Blessed Spirit is to glorify the Saviour, as the aim of the Saviour was to glorify the Father. The very expressions that were applicable in j this connection to the Lord are equally so to the Spirit. Compare, for instance, these two remai- kable sentences: "I have not spoken from Myself," and "He shall not speak from Himself." If we may so speak, the Holy Spirit shrinks from drawing attention to Him self. He is gladdest when all the light that He can focus shines full on the face of Jesus, and men are taken up with Him. All that detracts fi'om the pre eminence of Christ in the heart-life and thought-life of His people is an immense grief to Him whose mission is to glorify Him by taking of the things that are His, and revealing them to those who love. The life which is most pervaded by the Spirit of Jesus will have most of the beauty of His character i-efleeted in it. And the spixit which is i-eally Spirit- filled will talk more of the Lord Jesus than of the Gracious Agent, whose joy is .to reveal Him, and to be himself un seen. 