[?] CHAPTER XXII.— (Continued.) A WASTEI- WANNING. ' I — I thought I saw him, she muttored %vitli white lips. 'Who?'- iftavolston sprang to her side. J$ut lie was riot in time ; she had swayed and |allen to the floor. J..^/;;,.,^;^.^-: ?? ,_/:;,:*,;; , ' Ijady '''. .'Mairdaib' ravi to look out' o£ - tke' ?window into the dusk' and tho torrents of rain that wero falling. She did not even remom ber in her exultation that she ought to have flown to Kosalino tor the sake or appearances. Tho girl's message was true, then ; some one was watching Rosalind, and she had seen Jiim. Alix Muirdalo's heart beat -wildly as she realized that tho game was begun; if slip only helped things on, oven without knowing any more than she did now, Rosalind might Jbe ruined. ? ?'...?' She wont quickly over to whore Bavolston stood, with his wife in his arms, her fair head hanging back over his arm, lifelessly. ' Who did she think she saw?' She kopt the intense curiosity in Iigv mind down to in'ero interest in her voice. ' What could have frightened her into fainting ?' 'Anything — nothing; bug isn't strong,' lie answered, roughly. 'Open tho door, will you?- I want to carry her upstairs. This beastly, gloomy room, with tho lightning, ?was enough to frighten anyone.' Alix cast a pifcying glance at him. ' E'von Bran !' slio returned, significantly. Ravelstoh wps bewildered as ho carried Bosalind to hor room and rang for her maid. Who could sho have meant by' him ?' There ?was no one of whom she could possibly bo so \- terrified. , ? He waited anxiously till sho came to, and then motioned the maid out of the way with a jnrk of his hoad, 'What frightonod you, sweetheart ?' lid asked, as ho saw tho colour coming back into horface. 'Did you think you saw any one ?' She clung to him, . with a sharp 'moan. What was she to say ? She darod not tell the truth, and' yet it must have boon a dream that sho had seen tho dead man looking in at her. ' I saw a face — oh, a horrible faco— at tha ?window ! At loast I thought I did. And '?? Bran — — ' She could not go on. If it had been a dream, why had the dog growlod and 'flown straight at tho window. 'Was it anyoiio looking in?' he asked in amaze. 'It might have boon some tramp, but I don't think bo.i Was it anyone you 'know ?' :','''? ' No ! ,oh no !' she cried desperately, for it could nothavo boon, since Warwick was dead. ' Just a dreadful' face — and eye's ! Ican'tfor got thorn I '??''.. ' You lie still, darling, and I'll go and have a look,'' , HoVas not. going to have his wife frightened nearly to death in hor own drawing '. troom, and there was a look in his faoo whioh ?boded little good to anyone ho might; find ? hanging about. , ;?,'?:' Don'tbolong ; comb straiglifc back here,' .^ho gasped , out tho words somehow. She 'dared not ask him not to look, aud it took all the courage she had to lot him go. Suppose ? bIio had not boon dreaming j that Phyllida and she had boon deceived all the while ; and Bavolston should find Warwiok waiting out ihoro in tho rain ! ? . ? ? ' .' .Rosalind set her tooth, and. waited. If* it ?were so, it might as well oomo now as later ; and yet— oh, it would bo too cruel, it could ?? not be I ' ??'?;. ? . Sho was sitting up, waiting, . when Bavolston returned. ? . ?'?'. ? ' There wasn't a soul about. No one lias soon anybody.' , -., ,, ... . '?'Then I was dreaming,' she aiisworod, her faco drawn in its suddon. relief. ' But it lookod:liko'— she romomb»rod tho day sho had watchbd a man in blue spectaolos from Iior window, and ? thought him so like V Warwick— ' a horriblo ; man who used - to worry us in Rqssotti mansions.' ? And sho . know she Hod ds sho sppko. The , man who had frightonod .her to-night had brown hair and board of Warwick's colour, and no epeotaoles to hido the.mad glaro in his oyos. . Ravolstou lookod uneasily at hor, How could sho havo. boon dreaming wh'oh wlmtbvor , she had soon th,o doghad soon too I '.!'.-. ,..'. 'Thoro wore no footstops ; you inuBt havo imagined it,' ho said, moro; to oomfbrt him self than hor, ,; . x , (.'; - ;. r ; 'How could thoro'.bo marks on a stono torracq.P' sho said, shivering. , s;. . ' j ' ? ' ^'.Dusty boots would mark it/' ho roturned ; ' but thoro was nothing, o'von whero tho rain ,;\ had; riot got, 'at it.';'; : ;?..',:?; '.-??? '?'.-???'?. ; - ' ? ' No,' she assontod vory low. Wlid ? had , , ffcokl her ?? . that d ogfi ooul tf soo things , ; popplo '?did not? .Had sho and Bran soon tho ghost of .Biohard— had it. come to punish hor for boihe :a living lie P' ? . ?./' ??(. :. .,-:; :.'/.., ,.*. .'.'. Don't aomo ,down ! to diuridiy ' Roso.' 'Cosmo, lookod at hor white', faoo unxiouslv. 'Havoa good rosfc up horo, and- forgot it.' ?.;.-?? 'I will,', hor lips vory wan. 'I pouldn't 'faoo tho .drawing-room - again to-night.; ,'ji , .don't think I can be quito woll, Oosmo.' ' .;,.' ',I tirod* you out to-day.' Hostoopod and . v.'JkisBocVhov oarofully, so that his coat, all boadbd r ?with rain drops, should not touoh tho soft silk Crossing ' gown hor maid had put on hor. ' I'll send you up somo dinuor, and then you'd ? 'bettor got to bod,' ? ;. ' . ? Sho wnitod till his footsteps, had diod nwny ' :in:fcho hall outsido,, then she staprgorod to 'tho Sdoor, looked it, nbisolossl^,. and llung horsolf ?on tho floorj a ghnstly sight in hor whitoBillr ; (g6\vu with her arms strotohdd out pitoously, ' her body/shalcou with . tearing sobs. .,;,i''Oh, Phil,'1' ahomonnod) ' 1 won fc you aol , Aiid you'vo loft mo. Oh, ray.PhilJ' ? She would huvo tlu-owii a«ido hor uouutess coronet, her wardrobe full of gowns, her jewels, just to have crept to Phils side aud , tell all the horror that was on her. Sho loved Ravelston j she know ho adored her, and yet be could not comfort hor.for tho gulf her own silence had put between them. Phil had been right j it was madness to begin a new life with a secret between hus band and wife. Try as she might Rosalind could not think that face at tho window had beeu her own feverish imagination. Why should . it be, when sho had not so much as thought of Warwick for weeks. Why, if there was no one at the wiudow, had Bran been wild with rage ? She got up, and looked ab herself in tho glass, Haggard, old, almost ugly, hor reflec tion Btared back at her. Suppose Oosmo or Lady Muirdale, wore to como and see her like this ? Lady Muirdale, who suspected some thing strange about her already. ? ' She sponged the tears from her face, and went to her writing-table, Phil must como down, if only for the day. She.would go mad if she did not see her. And Haisie must como, if she had Maisiov she would have something to make her forget tho wild terror that was on her. ' ' ' Cosmo would think nothing of her sending for Phil'; ho had suggested it that very day ; he would nevor connect hor fright witu'PhU's coming. She felt easier when the note. was written and cent down to-tho post-bag.' ?' Phil would come and sot her fears nt rest. Rosa lind was sick with longing to hear her ? say that thoro Was no doubt; that she had seen the dead man's grave. She sont away hor dinner untouched, and crept to bed worn out. Ravolston, stealing into tho room later on, bent over her whore she lay, sound asleep like any tired child, her face pale and tear- stained on tho lace-trimmed pillow, one .white hand flung out over the pale pink brocade covorlot. How, young, ho «r childish sho looked ! Ho was turning away to lower, the already dim night light which lent a faint light to the big room,- when sho stirred ; hor hand caught his lying near it on tho'quilt as he leaned over her.- At the touch of his fingers sho spoke in her, sleep. ' Phil,' sho moaned, ' I want my Phil !' ' Tho ^ma^rdrow his fingers slowly from tho clinging ?to'Uph', a strangely dreary pain at his heart. Could it be that' she was fretting for her sister— thar, after all these weeks of paradise, the dancer was nearer to her heart than he? ? , . Ho put tho thought hastily from him. Of course Phil was dear to her, and if bIio wanted her sho should come. Ho wont quietly away to his dressing-room ; in the morning lie would telograph for Mrs. Douglas.. ? ' . But tho morning broke warm aud fino. Rosalind, drossing liorself carefully in a p'alo pink muslin, looked and felt fresh as tlia day. What a foot sho had been to bo bo unstrung because some poor wanderer had lopked in at the window, Btarving perhaps for. the cakes on the tea-table tlifcf she ,had not ovon cared to taste. , What a fool — when Warwick was idead, and sho Countess of Ravolston ! . Sho knocked lightly at Cosmo's door, and he catuo out as she; did bo, stalwart andhaud somo in his light tweed clothes. ??ii'.'.i'AT^a'j-'':' ' You look so bonny, 'my heart,' he said'; ' do you feel quito right . again ? I was so worried about you last night that I meant to wiro for- Phyllida this morning,' ' 1 ' I don't soe what mado nib so silly,' Hor groat blue oyos turned lovingly to. his. 'I suppose I was unstrung, or something. I did want Phil last night, sol wroto to her to como ; there's no need to wire . it ; it would only frighten her. Sho'll como in a day or 'two.'! ,;? . . : ? .'?. \ _'', ,.;' . They wont down- to breakfast together, hand in hand like two oluldron. Lady Muir dalo glanced at Rosalind as sho caino in, thon looked at her plato to hide , tho surprise in her oyos.- . : '; .' . '. '.. '-, '; :.:': ' !:.;. . -.??'? 1 Sho had expected to soo her anxious-eyed, nprvous; and.horo slip was as froBli and beauti ful as if last night had been a dream. .; 'All tho samo, thoro must bo. something, or that girl , wouldn't havo! been so. earuost,' sho reflected. ? ', . ,/' . 'I wonder if my judicious little paragraphs havo put any- one'on my :la'dy'8-.traok. I'd lovo to givo her that message t now before Cosmo- — just to see what:; sho'd . do ; but it wouldn't bo , wibo. ' Forownrnod is fore armed;' and I. don't/.boliovo any 'one's worst ouomy is going to bo satisfied with looking in. a Avindow.' ' . ? / ':::,' '..'.: ,,??;? Sho watched ' Rosalind's ovory ? movement during tho morning^ and smiled to horsolf as, toward twelve o'clock, Lady Rayelston loft the garden and sauutorod aoross tho jjark, OoBmo waa outriding, and the coast, would bo clear for anyorio -who had business with liis wife. Lady Muirdalo, vory unostentatiously, fol lowod -liqr sistor-in-law as she wandered idly down, to a sido gnto of tho doniosno, koopirig under cover of troos. and undergrowth as sho did so. Sho found it rathor amusing'to play dotootivo : it was at loast bettor than vawninr? ahd| polishing, her nails all tho morning. Sho sto'opou to oloar hor dross from a thorny branch, and priokod her flngors boforo it waB oloar. By tho ti'mo sho lookod up, Rosalind was out of sight; ? ' ' Grciat Scott, how annoying.' Sho stampedhor foot angrily; littlo knowing that whilo sho had beori stooping ovor hoi* frook, doatlt had b'pon very 'noar to hor,- aB she bent ilbw bohind a trob. Sho frodd horsolf just in titno, and Btavtod at!a good paoo, aftbr Kosa liiid. Nyiioro'oduld sho liavo got to P As sho 'thought it, sho om'orged from the trees into a ;broad strotoii of meadow ; far, far, across it was Bosalind, walking slowly, a oonspiouous objoat; in hor pink gown. .' ! ? A footstep bohind hor mado , hor turn hor hoad just as bIio was; assuriug hoVself that. Rosalind was all alono. With a wild ory Lady Muirdalo lpapod foi'wiird. y' ' Aim'an.ivas running aftor hor, with long, cautious stridos, lileo a hunting animal's. His ey6s glarod furioiiBly at hor, from his wipkod praicy faco ; tho sun was in thom, and they gleam oclgropn as sho ' saw,^ thom in that ono pauiostriokon' glanco, . Ho t had not soon tho .loitering figurp in front;, all' his madnosa was lopsojn hiin, aud'ho thought tho. woman just boforo him was Rosalind, : ' ', ? ' ', ,' Lady M'uirualo piolcud up hov skirts, and toi'o through tho grass for, hor lifb. ' Buttho man gainod on hov with ovory stop. Oh, why had abb not iioodod Nancy Doylo's warning and takon thought hot' to opiud out alono P If sho opuld ouly. oatdh up with .Bosalind,, tho two^togothor.iriight Htrugglo with tho man. Sho oponbd hor. 'month' to' soi'oam,' and as Hho;did, hIio caiight hor fobtund foil hoatllong. ' ... .''; ; ,. . ; (ffp bo owtinml,), ? '??;' ,x ';1', '?;..' ',, ! 