Christian Endeavour Notes. [Specially Contributed.] {All communications to be addressed " Superintendent o£ the Press Department," C.li Offices. Secretaries ol District Unions and Societies are requested to forward news to reach the Union Offices not later than noon on .Tuesday.] CHRISTIAN CITIZENSHIP. We are most anxious that the aim of each Endeavourer should.be towards becoming a Christian citizen in the fullest meaning of the expression. In the. beginning of Endeavour work all our effort and labour in this direction was called "good citizenship." • We now adopt' the more comprehensive and further reaching term of Christian Citizenship. It behoves the individual who accepts the gifts of 'Divinity to become a distributer to others. His duties to Christ and the Church must of necessity lead him to duties thrust upon -him by and for his colony. The State places an obligation upon him. Willing or unwilling at the age of 21 he or ehe has a right to vote, while in the city, village, or town another opportunity ia given either as a freeholder or tenant to exerci&e; the franchise. The duty of the Endeavourer is in the State as well as in the Church, Our opposition to sin and vice can be best felt ,in the way we utilise our efforts and exercise the votes. The more united the action the greater the sncoess. Our in tercet in Christ and in Christ's kingdom necessarily ranges us.on the side of righteousness against tho forces of evil. " No drunkard shall enter into the kingdom of heaven," hence we must set ourselves in direct antagonism to that which makes drunkards. Chastity and purity are the gentle messengers of Heaven, and being God given we must help to enthrone them on God's earth. "Remember the Sabbath Day to keep it holy" is Divine in its origin and Sabbath desecration is a. foe to the extension of Christ's kingdom. Gamblers are robbers, and so with heart and soul, body and mind, we must do what wo can to mould the legislation of the State towards that "which will court honesty and build up character. The great fault of the Church is her silence on matters affecting , the exercise of voting powers. We do . not expect those legislators who get up sweeps in our Houses of Parliament on .the Melbourne Cup, or who plav cards for money, to exercise their^ power and influence for righteousness sake any more than we expect the dissolute Don Juan, or the licentious libertine to legislate in favour of social purity. . Nor do we expect brewers, t wine and spirit merchants, or the frequenters for the " nobbier" inside the House of Parliament to have a clear vision as to the necessity of drastic laws against that curse which sends 4U.000 Britishers a year to untimely, dishonoured, and hell-courted graves. We want- Christian Citizen Committees: all through this colony. We want each Union, whether in Adelaide and suburbs or in the country, to have Christian Citizenship Committees tired with holy enthusiasm for Christ. We want the Societies where uecessary—and itisalways necessary—to oppose lioences, to hold meetings on" temperance, to enter the hotels, to win the drunkard, and to live the life for others. We are pledged to vote for righteousness sake. Let us be manly and womanly in this. A man who is opposed to the drink curse, the social evil, gambling in all its forms, Sabbath desecration, &c.;, will be the man who will think for others in matters brought before him. Purity is the indicator of a pure mind. Our Endeavourers in their Christian Citizen Committees mu6t see that all votes are registered. They must seek the opinions of candidates at elections, and vote aa thev are led by the Spirit. We shall soon' have the , opportunity qf letting our votes be felt. It is notorious *that two prominent public men were helped to power by a well-known Christian organization. It is scandalous. The excuse was in one instance that it was a choice of two evils. It is a poor Christianity that panders to power or to licentiousness. Let not this stigma rest upon one Endeavourer. " Let the cry be to " Our Father,'' and He who hears in secret shall answer. It may be now but the day of small beginnings. It was only " a cloud no bigger/than a man's hand" that brought the showers of blessjng. Let us kindle such a fire in this colony, lit by the Holy Ghost, as will be fanned into a sin-devastating flame by the Almighty himself. We do not desire to be » political organization, or to take sides except for Christ. We owe a duty to the State. Let us honestly, faithfully, lovingly, and prayerfully carry it out. We go into the world to win for Christ. The State too long has been loft by Christian bodies and organizations to frame laws directly antagonistic to all that is Christlike. There has been perhaps even a spasmodic, very spasmodic effort, but no concerted action. We want combined effort. We want coalition of the forces. Oh, that a fearless God-given leader may spring up, afraid of nothing but wrongdoing. We want an Executive from the Churches, the Army, the Y.M.C.A., the W.C.T.U., the Sunday-school Unions, the Endeavourers, yea, from all bodies and Societies opposed to sin and vice. We want a Central Executive. .May' God open our eyes to tha possibilities which exist for tha triumph of right. The devil has had his day in this 'colony, and with theory of " For Christ and the Church," let us go forward with hearts intent on pleasing Christ, with souls full of zeal for the coming of His Kingdom, with lives living for others, with voices consecrated to His service, and with minds set only on doing for our Lord and Master all that He would have us to do until Christ's kingdom become? the dominant power in our beloved colony. The call is to each Endeavourer. The cry is for alL May it bo answered for His name's sake. 