CHAPTER III. THE MAN WITH A REMARKABLE COUGH. NOW, Pinnie, we are going to my little home. If you were a young woman in- stead of a great awkward boy, you could go to my room and see all my art- ist work." "Great big, and awkward?" said the slender youth, " I thought I was not so large." Miss Lamont laugh- ed heartily as Pinnie cast his eyes down upon his loose sleeves, and undertook to "modulate" his walk to the graceful movement of his companion. But her laugh was hushed to silence as she realized that the boy had never yet had oc- casion to penetrate the depths of a joke. "We will take a cab," said Helen. "If it is not too far, Miss Helen, I would like to walk." "Oh yes, it is but a mile or two." "I am sure it would not be much to walk that," mused the youth, looking at the thou- sand objects around him with an unconscious interest. The young girl smiled, and her eyes beam- ed as they rested upon the strange boy. She had never seen a person so simple-minded and innocent of the world. She thought to rouse him to something like gaiety by her merry manner and sprightly conversation. It was a failure. His sober eyes sought hers in silence, without question. His effort to conform his actions to her own was a trifle painful, but in the matter of merriment he made no attempts. He had seen it in others —the faculty may have been omitted in his nature. In this walk Pinnie told his story, little recking that its single chapter was to prove of profound and interest to Helen Lamont. All that he could tell was that his parents had been lost at sea while he was an infant, and that he was saved by being picked from the deck and tossed into a boat into the midst of sailors. He had heard he was a year old at the time. Where his infant life had been passed he never knew. His earliest recollection was of a huge stone building, and of being taken through the streets therefrom by Leon Spanero. He had been told many times by Spanero, when angry, that be taken him from "an orphan hell when a brat." Even his name was unknown to him. No one had ever told him why he was called Pinnie—he had no other name—unless it were Spanero; and Spanero had knocked him down once for using that title on an occasion where a second name seemed desirable. "And have you never worked anywhere else?" asked the girl, who had listened to the story with great interest. "No, because Spanero always told me about it. Sometimes he speaks to me kind- ly." "Told you about what?" asked the young woman. "About how 'cubs' were worked to death as soon as possible to make way for new ones." "And you believed this!" said Helen, looking into his face in profound wonder. "He knocked me down if he thought I did not believe what he told me." "And have you never talked with the other painters during all these years?" asked the astonished girl. "I heard one of the men say once that Spanero told him that I was a little daft once and had never recovered. I asked Spanero what he meant by 'daft' afterward, and he flew at me with his knife. So I never asked again." Helen looked at the boy for a moment and for an instant it occurred to her that possibly he was hot of strong mind. But of all the toilers at the school, she had found this boy the most intelligent within a limited range and she determined to know more of him. Then Pinnie recalled her to the topic, "Is it not true?" "What, Pinnie?" "That men kill boys by working them to death if they have no parents?" "No," said the girl, indignantly. "Pinnie, did you really never have any one to love you?" "To what?" he asked with a curious look on his face. "To love you—like you?" "Oh, yes," he said sadly, "I think your pictures love me. I stay by them after you go at night." The girl turned upon him in the street, and a pallor spread over her face—followed by deep crimson flushes, even to her snowy neck. What did this childish talk mean— what iniquity had there been here that this mystery of life should appear in the very heart of a city? "Pinnie!" "Yes, Miss Lamont." But she did not continue. Was it possible, after all, that the boy was of unsound mind? She changed the subject. And so they walked and talked until they reached the outskirts of the city. "Pinnie," she said, "I am doing all the talk- ing—do you never chat?" "No, I think not." " But I know there is a deep thought in you somewhere?" He turned his eyes away, and slowly whis- pered, "There may have been once, but I have lost it." "No, Pinnie, it is not lost—it is laid aside for all these years, and we will find it." "Miss Lamont," the boy replied with a heavy heart, "I sometimes think so. Rather the feeling is present when I do not think." Helen had seen a like expression on his face —once when he looked upon a painting, of himself, which she had quickly put on canvas for amusement. The intellectuality had been painfully magnified, but from that picture Pinnie had caught an inspiration. She said nothing to him. He dropped the hand that he had taken and continued, speaking slowly and carefully: "There are times when the dream life you have spoken of goes away—and a big door opens wide, and I see that I have lived in prison—and when I want to go out I—I— dare not." Still she uttered not a word. She was not sure of her footing in such depths. The dream of life of which she had spoken was made up of pleasant hopes playing hide-and- seek with the common facts of life. "Then I dare not—I——" He broke off, and began again. "I dare not step beyond—but I think, some- times, very, very hard—of what, I hardly know." Still Helen kept silence—wise unto the moment. "I think of those who have seen and talked with the children, and the flowers, and the woods, which we point. And I think that perhaps if I had seen the great sea, and the ships, and the life you and others talk of— then I might have thought—is that the sea, Miss Lamont? Is it? That is the sea!" He had lifted his eyes—and they rested upon the waters of the bay, in sight of which they had come by the turning of a corner. They stopped. He stood motionless and speechless, and with fixed stare and hands to his eyes, shut out the other world—and gazed upon the realm of waters—unconscious of her presence. Oh, sad awakening ! In all the upheavals and overturnings of after life, when the electric impulse aroused fear, love or passion, Helen Lamont never felt such a thrilling of profound sympathy, anger, surprise and mystery as at this discovery of human wrong. The facts revealed were still in the shadow—but her soul revolted against the outline—representing the dwarfage of life. She stood by him for a moment and caught her breath. " Pinnie, Pinnie, my poor boy, what does it mean ?" she cried. "It is the sea, the great sea!" Like the revelations of the lightning in the darkness was the sudden change from sadness to joy upon his face. "And why do you say this?" asked Helen, suppressing her own feelings. "Of course it is the sea." But within her breast there dawned a fuller conception of the awful crime against this waxen-faced youth. Pinnie turned his face and plodded on, bent over and thoughtful. He had gazed upon the ocean, and his soul was filled as with the realization of a dream. He was un- conscious of the girl by his side. She walked on, deeply mystified. At last he spoke to her without lifting his head: "And, Miss Lamont, this is the green grass —and this is the country of our paintings?" "No, Pinnie, this is not the country; see here are buildings." "A few, so far apart," he muttered, look- ing at the residences within, the large suburb- an lots. "And there are flowers—not paint- ed, are they? I can smell them!" And he leaned over a fence in transport to catch the rich perfume he had never known before! The time had come when Helen could bear the uncertainty no longer. She put her white hand on his arm and said earnestly: "I do not understand you, Pinnie. Do you mean that you have never seen the sea be- fore?" "I have often heard of it. My life be- gan on the sea—it was my birth-place, I suppose." "And you have not seen it for a long time?" "I never remember to have seen it." "How? And lived in this city for years." "I have lived at the school," Pinnie re- plied. "And you have not seen the flowers and the woods?" "Oh, yes, indeed; I see them every day —you know," said he, looking at her sur- prised. "Then, why have you not seen the sea. "Oh," he responded, with some hesitation, "You mean these, the living trees and flow- ers! I—I—have seen the—the painted flowers." The tone and the look—out into the world be- fore him—would have touched a stony heart with pity. To the melting heart of the lovely girl, herself battling for life in the open world, it was crashing. She wept. The shadows of evening were gathering about them, and no one was near. She had open- ed the door of a prison house, of the exis- tence of which she was unconscious, and still to some extent unbelieving. The reality was beyond immediate relief. Oh, of man's sad want—this was the most touching she had ever known or dreamed. It was the starvation of a soul. "Miss Lamont," he said, after her tears were dried. "I think I know something of why you cry. But your life must be happy with all these riches!" "I have no riches, child," she replied. "These are the riches of others," pointing to the houses and gardens. "I have nothing but my hands and thoughts." "Riches," he muttered. "I have seen the woods and flowers and the sea—what are riches, Miss Helen, that others have and we do not? Where are they?" "I cannot tell you now, Pinnie. But all these things that you see are not ours." "God does not give them away, I suppose," said the young man with the simplicity of a little child. "Why, Pinnie, you must have read of these things," exclaimed the girl suddenly, "No, I cannot read." "You? You cannot read?'' she asked in astonishment. "No ma'am," Pinnie answered, hanging his head. "You never told me this. I would have taught you." "I was going to tell you. Are we near your home, Miss Lamont?" "Yes, Pinnie, it is close by." "May I not rest here a little? This is a great ways. I did not know the miles were so long." The boy sat down on the edge of the pave- ment, under the oak tree, which still remain- ed of the primeval wood, within a few rods of the house whither they were going. He looked again upon the sea and the woods, over which darkness was slowly gathering. Then up rose the moon, in its full, silvery splendor. The glory of the scene swept over him with an incomprehensible power. He had seen its beauty oft before, set round with brick walls, but now, rising from the water with its sheeny banner trailing over the road waters, was a picture for which there was no language within his powers. He was glorified, and spread his arms over the vista, as if the sublim- ity might in some degree escape him. Truly, the grandeur of the universe was poured into his soul, and all the infinite pos- sibilities of a mysterious nature overwhelm- ed him. He sank down upon the walk, cov- ered his face with his hands and wept, for what he knew not. In the presence of this new and wonderful revelation to the soul of the youth, Miss Lamont withdrew a distance—and witnessed that of which philosophy furnish no counterpart—the overpowering sense of the majesty of God filling a soul for the first time! But an end must come—and any descent from such hights of contemplation on the part of either the enthralled youth or the silent witness, must be painful. She came to him, touched his arm, and said: "Come, it is night; we must go." He rose mechanically—and walked by her side as an automaton. He looked neither to the right hand nor the left, but trudged on. They reached the gate. As he stood by to let her enter and lead the way, a long hollow cough startled him from reverie. Looking up he saw an aged, bent, thin, gray-haired man about to pass. With an unaccountable instinct, which is a part of our better nature, the old man lifted his eyes to nod a passing recognition—and immediately brought his shambling feet to a dead halt. He riveted a cold, gray, cunning pair of stony eyes on the youth, but not a muscle moved on his pallid, yet ashen face. The youth returned the steely stare with the unflinching look of innocence, and ignorance, and wonder. What was the fascination in those livid features? A sickly faintness came over him—he swayed to one side, and would have fallen had not the old man with sudden energy grasped the youth with unnatural strength. Taking him by both shoulders he gasped, with a hoarse whisper: "I have you now!" Helen, who had gone before to the door, shrieked at the sight of this sudden assault, and rushed to the gateway. But the old man had fled, and Pinnie lay upon the ground. As the apparition took wings in the gathering gloom, he left as the only legacy of mystery the exclamation: "My God, it is not a ghost—not a vision!" and a hollow cough echoed back as he passed into the gloom. CHAPTER IV. WILKINS AND THE POET. WILKINS was a phil- osopher, whose search for the "higher life" was continuous. He was a politician, whose mission it was to purify the uncleanly pool, and whose high- est ideal of political reward was a foreign mission. He possessed that spirit of ceaseless activity which obliged him to be always busy. And had not mod- ern philosophical investigation occupied his studious hours, he doubtless would have found solace in the quadrature of the circle, duplication of the cube, or some other mind- wrecking theme. But in every channel of his nature there ran a current of old-fashion- ed goodness. He might have been 40 years of age at the time this story makes his aquaintance, and the quiet run of his conversation was like the flow of a river broad and deep—and slow. Wilkins was in love. At a little cottage in the suburbs of Boston he was summoned to meet one of the sweetest and most charm- ing little widows that the heart masculine ever warred against, and surrendered to. His summons was of a legal nature, and had nothing to do with the profound sentiments of dual unities. The little lady was literary—one of those harmless ones, who can do a little in verse and still sigh for no worlds to conquer. She was so fortunate once as to have one of her compositions accepted by that critical "all- wool quarterly," which not only published the bright seedling, but spoke well of it—just as if an editor would publish anything he 'BUT,' SAID HELEN, 'WILL YOU LET ME READ FOR MY BOARD!' " wouldn't think well of! Nice little, plump little, sweet little Mrs. Jennie Smith was not upset, however, by her success—that is, not completely. For did she not discover that the bald-headed raven who gathered in the scented note paper had prepared the meter in certain lines and modified the rhyme in others? (To Be Continued.) 