\- A Po^at^d Caper.' Bdin ! ! Tbe worU elsred'me lb ttie Taoe, and eaa; io ipy eareZ- 'Baio, ; ulter *nd complete. Tbe t-ra~eppota with wblob my.hopBB hidjbBBD buoyed ap daring tbe Uut tbrte yeaire faded away like a phantom oTibe nlfcbt; For lo two days tbe onoe proeperoas nrii or jobn F.rmer and 0o.,;ol;wjb!ph C waathe aote partner, wodld be poajj,ed iip aVonable to meet its engagements, :' AJaofey eonoalatioQ i a cot too, by irbiob I cleared £7,000, \led to a atlll heavier vent a re. bat (ortane did not favor me tbla time; the market fell ioetead of rising as I anticipated, aod all my profits on tbe first deal were swept away, leaving me to And £1,500 before^attliDg-day Towards tblBBum'tbe only amount I ooald raise was £200; wblob I-bacfbanked in my private anooorit to fnrnteb my new borne — forJn a fortnight I was to be married. Bdin and despair— tbe eaioide'a play mates. Conld I find tbe money and slave oS tbe evil day for another week?— the market was bound to rise la tbe next few days. Borrow; it t bab i who woald lend ft ? Ill news travels fast, and tbe .market knew I bad been badly bit for a firm of my pretennlons. No, there was nothing for it bnt to faoe tbe matter oat qaietly. For myself, it would *not mean muob— bat for tier— ah ! We bad been engaged for eigbteen. months, aod witb business looking so proBperooB we had deoided tbat the time was propitious to consummate our happi nesa. Hat this rash speculation— wbat haa It not done? — dashed all my hopes to tbd groood and blighted all prospects of oar happy future. Aod oftbisebe knows nothing. With a heart of lead, and oold drops of agony on my brow, t rose from itay office cbatr. The evening was cold, and as I passed out into tbe etreet, a . neighbour ing olook obimed seven. Far an hoar or more l wandered aimlessly about the streets notll at last, feeling siok and ill, I entered a little hostelry off the Strand, and oalled for a glass of brandy. At first I was under tbe impression tbat I was the only occupant of tbe room, bat aa indescribable feeling tbat someone was staring at m« made me look up. Seated in the furthest corner, I des cried an object with two piercing eye« tbat seem to barn into my brain. I oould not call htm a man — be looked to me io oh aonut in. uign, wiiq a iaoe as pale as death — bis head waa bald save for a single look tbat etood np straight aa an arrow in a lino with bis nose. 91s mouth wan tbfn and delicate, witb a long, blaok moustaabe drooping down on either side. As I looked at bitn he left blB seat and oame towards m--. ' Pardon me,'1 be aaid. 'bat you ap pear tn tie la trouble.' 'Wboirt there tbat is not Io trouble at some time of bis life?' t answered with a laugh. ' What la It?' be aske 1. 'Live?' I shook uay head, 'Then it must be money,' he con cluded. ' Wby ?' I asked. '?The only things that trouble a man In tbls world are love and money. Am £ not rlgbt?' ' Tbe value of your axiom I am not Inolined to dispute,' I answered; 'but sinoe you seem to take an interest In me, r don't mind saying that as regards myself the trouble 1s money.' 'Ah! I thought so — money — money —nothing but tnoaey. Market's up— money made; market's down — uioney lost. Blob to-day -to-morrow ruin !' 'You speak truly,' I answered. ' ir you only oould tell.' ' Tell wbat V I asked. ' What tbe morrow will bring forth.' ' If we only coaid I' ?' We would be millionaire',' be con tinued. ' Multi-millionairee,' I assented. ' And yet ? ' ?« Yec.' ' If I were to tell you that at this moment f bave In my pocket a oopy of to-morrow evening's ' Moon' yoa would not believe me.' ' I would nol,' I answered, ' x tnougnt not,' continued my slrsnpe companion. ' Tbe world Is full of soepllCB.' 'DoyoUBBkme to believe tbat you are in possession of information concern, ing events which have net yet taken place?' I asked. 'I ask you to believe notbiog— I merely state faots.' ' Aod wbat does yonr supernatural paper contain ?' I asked. 'Tbe state of tbe markets?' ' The exact state of tbe markets as tbey will beat closing time to-morrow, and tbe actual results of to-morrow's raa Ing.' ' You must be a wonderful wizard. And wbat is tbe price of this post-dated paper?' ' Wbat wonld it be worth to you?' be asked. ' If I bad any fait b Id what yoa tell me, I woald give yon pounds for It ; bat as I believe it would prove to be notbiog more than a swindle, I don't mind satis fying my curiosity to tbe extent of a couple of shillings.' ' Many people would give a fiver for tbe racing reanlts alone ; make ft half a sovereign, and it's yours-' ' Not I,' I answered ; I never bet on races.' 'That's no reason wby yoa shouldn't. Why, a few pounds lovested on a horse to-morrow will bring yoa Io thousands.' ' Bab I' I answered. ' aH talk.' ' Well,'' said tbe stranger, with a slgb, 'I would like you to have it — It would do yoa a lot of good, especially as you are In money troubles — say five shill ings 1' Well, If five shillings will be of any service to you, here they are,'' I said pro ducing two half-crowns. ' You will never regret it— I thank yoa,' and placing a neatly folded paper upon 'the table my mysterious friend ! uies(r|ieBi«u, SoolfiDg at myself for being so easily dnped, and yet witb a strong feeling of curiosity, I opened tbe sbeet. On look ing at tbe date, I found, to my astonish ment, tbat my friend bad spoken traly — to-day was tbe 12th, aod the paper I held In my bands wbb dated the 13tb. Meobanioaliy, I tnrned to tbe Cotton Market, and foand that my particular holding was two points ap ;and although I only bad tbe word of tbia mysterious stranger to vouob for tbe accaraoy of the report, a strange glow of hope took posses sion of me. For was I not morally certain in mv own mind tbat tbe market woald rise daring tbe coming week ! Oh ! If I coald only hold on — bat settling-day was at band, aod tbe market coald Dot possibly recover itself sufficiently to. balance my loses in short a time — wbat coald I do? Tarnlng to tbe other items of tbe paper, I foaod many paragrapba of stale news— \- number of new telegrams relating to roreigo eflairs, and then my eyes fell upon 'To-day's Baclog.' TlNHEB OF TBS IKTERKATI02TAL STAKES. Blackfriar ? ? ? 1 Songbird ? 2 The Poppy ? ? ? ? 3 Betting : 33 to 1 Blackfriar ; 2 to 1 Songbird ; 100 to S The Poppy. Woo by a neck. 'Thirty- three to one ' I reflected. ' A rank outsider; a hundred pounds on Blackfriar woald bring In over £8,000. More than sufficient to meet settling-day Ob, If I ooald oaly trust it' The more I tboaght about it, tbe more fasoloated I became. Tblrty-tbree to one. CouId 't Visk it? The Daper was no doobt a fraud, but. had chanos thrown It in my way for a purpose? ? , Bat I was Ignorant of betting affairs ; even should T decide to risk half of my two hundred pounds— how to set abont My farther thoughts were rudely interrupted by a res'obndltig slap on tbe 'shoulder, and on.turniog roand I beheld Io the' Intruder ' an old college ohom, Diok Hampton. . ' Jaok Farmer,' toy ail, that's facky l Why, who woald have thought ot ruo elng UD against yoa like this!' ' Wby, when did you oome down, Dick?' ' Only arrived to-night, my boy. I've just left the Nprtb. to see the Interna tional run to-morrow.' 'Tbe Internatonal,' I murmured, as I orumpled tbe paper into my pocket. ' Ybb ; why, wba^'s the matter witb you? — you are iobblpg awfully down. (Jome along with me to tbe races In tbe mornihg, it will liven you up.' ' No,' I answered, ' I oannot leave business.' ' Business — always business— I suppose yoa are on tbe road to beoome a million aire— eb ?' 'Not quite, bat what is going to win to-morroaf ?' ' Songbird, my boy, without the shadow of a doobt; you take my advice aod bave a ooople of ponies on It.' ' Wbat obance has Blackfriar ?' ' Not the slightest ghost ot one— it Is as rank an outsider as ever oarried a jookey. Songbird will romp home aod make hacks of the field.' ' What prioe is Biabkfriar t' ' Anything you like.' ' And Songbird?' 'Ob, SoDgblrd Is quoted at three to oue to-nlgbt. 'Supposing I wished to put £200 on Blaokfriar— how could I do It?' ' Pshaw, my dear boy, you oould get a thousand on as easily as wink, If you wished to lose it.' 'Bat,' I persisted, 'say t nad £100 to throw away on an off cbanoe, would you ondertake to Invest It for me oo Blaokfriar?' ' Tbere, I knew you were * millionaire. OI ooarse, if you have a fancy for tbe animal — bcok it, but as sure as du6ks can swim, the money might junt as well be thrown Into tbe gutter,' ' Well, anyway, I will give yon my abeque for £100 to be put oo Blaokfriar for toe International.' 'S. P. 1' Inquired Sampton. ' tVbat is tbat ?' I asked. ' I say, Jaok, old man, but yoa are green — S. P. means starling prioa. If you baok at S, P,1, you get your money back If it doesn't ruo, bat if you take a stated prioe abont ft. and ft gets scratched, you lose your money without having tbe satisfaction of a run for it.' ' Then S. P. by alltoeaos,' I answered. ' And now let ns go and have some ouuiior, After supper we spent a very pleasdot hour together, and I was enlightened upon many mysterious racing teonuto^ll tles, and finally weude'l my way home in a far better frame of mind than wblob I bad started the evening. Bat in tbe early hours bf tbe morning the old horror of my position dawned upon me In ail Its reality. Tbe false beacon of bope wbtcb had buoyed ap my spirits at tbe close of tbe previous evening now presented itself to me in the form ot an Imbecile bet. 1 bad for a short period Imagihed that my fortunes oould be rebuilt by the oaprloe of a racehorse whose existence I had hoi dreamed of twelve hours before, aud I quickly realized that, instead of improv ing my position, I bad merely placed a furtbur hundred pounds in jeopardy. Yet it seemad strange tbat I should thus meet tbe rogue who sold -ne the paper wbloh lured me to my folly. How ever, I refleoted that, being so deeply in tbe mire, another iooh or two aa repre sented hy tbe hundred pounds wonld not make so much difference. Bat the game is not lost until It Is w6n, and I determined to face matters boldly, and wben my broker called at ray offioe to sound me as to my position, I assn^ed blm, with all the self- assurance I ooald muster, that tbe aspect of affairs oaudnd me no uneasiness. But tbe weferinese of tbe day — (be feverish exoitement that took possession of me bb tbe hours rolled oo ! With my eyes fastened on tbe clock I watched tbe hands slowly oreep to tbe hour fixed for the raoe. And wben tbe gong sounded tbe first stroke of tbrae I started io my chair as If I bad beard a thander-olap. Now tbey are ofi, and my fortades bang upon a horse and jockey. In my imagination I eould bear tbe tbud of many hoofs as tbey spurned tbe grnabd la that wild eoramble towards the win ning-post. Then half an hour later I beatd the newsboys rpnnlng down tbe streetsboiit ing with tbeir brazen iungB — 'Speoldll Winner ol the International !' and a nauseating sickness crept over me— my head span roaad and round as I staggered out and purobased a paper. With trembling bands I laid it on dty desk, and for eome minutes I sat tbdre not daring to open it. Then oompoBibg myself with a great effort, I opened the sheet and let my eye raBt on tbe fatal oolamn. Great beaveoa ! could I believe thy senses? for there staring me In the fdoe was — Blackfriar ? 1 Oliphant ? - 2 Songbird ? ? ? 3 Tbe paper dropped from my nervelesB bands and I fell baok in my chair with a gasp. My position was saved as If by a miracle. At eight o'clock I went to tbe Norfolk Hotel to meet Dick B'ampto'n, and foand blm with a faoe as long as tbe proverbial uaai'. 1 'Jack, yoa laoky dog— bat It's always the way, a man spends be jt' part or bis days studying horses, and thinks be's found a good tbiog, when op comes a greenhorn tbat caa't tell a horse from a hayseed, spots an outsider, and wins a for tone.' ' Well, look here, jjlok— yoa needn't gradge It me— If Blaokfriar had lost, 1 would have been a -bankrupt to-morrow. When can I get the money?' 'Good beavens. mAo, you don't meaD to say alt yonr lack was on tbat borse? Well, tome people ride a folorn bope aod get home, while others get' thrown over tbe rails. As to the mooey, I can giye you my cheque to-night attfl settle witb tbe bookmaker to-noorrow.' And as soon as tbe bank opeDed io tbe moroiag I paid £3,400 Into my aoaonbt, ?nd forwarded a cheque to my broker to cover my week's losses. rrum tiiai uayiuu uinrbeb luovsiesuuy, i and a fortnight later I oleared out with a snog £20,000. Some six months after, I Was leaving my oflfyje to go bome to my little hoase at Richmond, where, my dear wife wae awaltfog me. Tbe evening was raw aod chin. ! with a ? driving - rath. Passing beneath the light of the etreet lami-, a man' accosted me and begged for alms. ItwaB tbe man who had sold me tbe post-dated paper. . Fall ot cariosity, I took blm into a pabllc-boose near at band, and, baviDg ordered eome refreshments, I tnrned to trim. 'Da yoa remember,' I asked, 'sell- log me, six months ago, a poet-dated paper giving tbe winner of tbe Inter national?' .- - 'Perhaps I did,' be«osw«red. 'I've Sold lots of them.' ' Explain.' ' Well, yon see sir, It is tbls way : there are a lot of fools in this world— and tbere Is oo fool like a sporting fool A man can be persuaded to baok anything In a race. I. had a friend who bad a print ing press, and I bit apon tbe idea or printing a paper tn resemble the ? Even ing Moon,' dating it a day Io advanoe and filllDg Io tbe sporting oolamn witb a few oatslde borset at loog prices — tbea I haunted the hotels and drinking bars until I spotted my man— got into con versation witb blm— nut on a mysterious air, and generally finished up witb disposing of a oopy for half a sovereign.' ' But bow did you oome to place Blackfair as the winner of tbe ' Inter national'?' ' Pure luok, sir, pore lack ; I knew no more aboat the borse than a baby an bora.' Giving tbe man a sovereign I departed reflecting apon the strange fortdues that befall a man in this life, and blessing the laoky cbanoe tbat led me tnpurcbaBe a ' poet-datsd paper.'— lit Bits 