"Temperance and Total Abstinence," " WHICH DOES CHBRISTI~NITTY REQUIRE ?" Tre albove question was the subject ot the ] sermon delivered, at St. Paul's AnglicanChurch, by the Rev. Canon Bartlett on Sunday evening last. He chose as his text 1st Corinthians ix., 25-" Every man that striveth for the mastery is temperate in all things." Perhaps, said the preacher, some of them would wonder why he ventured to speak on this most important subject concerning our material, spiritual, and mental comforts. Recently they had had a visit from a lady who was possessed of very great talents-a lady whose articulation as an orator he had seldom heard excelled, and one whose earnestness and enthusiasm in regard to that great matter of temperance so-called were worthy of their greatest praise and thanks. He referred to Mrs. Harrison Lee. He then alluded to his presence at one of the meetings, and remarked that when his turn came to speak he did so, and very plainly too. In the latter part of his speech he said' " oung men, be careful that you do not drag the noble game of cricket down into the mire by what I have seen at some cricket matches excessive drinking." The next day he received a letter from a leading man in town, which he had not yet had time to answer as it deserved. It ran thus:--"I liked the outspoken words you gave us last night, but I am anxious for your reputation. It has been, and is, reported that at one cricket meeting you were seen to drink a glass of wine." He thought he could not do better than give them his ideal of tem perance. Mlany persons had said with respect to our Lord's teachings, "Why did not our Lord give specific rules, cut and dried? Why did He give us so many principles and so few rules ?" The answer was that principles were for free men, whilst rules were for slaves. In a home that was properly governed there would be found no precise rules ; there would be rules, but they would be unwritten ones ; there would be an ideal being worked out. St. Paul said that every man who striveth for the victory was, what? A total abstainer? No l but tem perate. There were those who spoke of shutting themselves up in a monastry or a nunnery in order to escape the corruptness of the world. Was thatan ideal? Wasthat true Christian temperance ? He failed to see it If they could see with him, he was the true Christian man who said, "I know what a lot of wickedness there is amongst men; I see the dangers and know the pitfalls, and I will try to be able to say the everlasting 'No.'" That was manliness. "Ah, yes," some said, "but should not we become total abstainers for the sake of example ?" That was an important question. Some fifteen years ago a temper anqe orator came to the parish where he (the preacher) was ourate. He went to the meet ing-a magnificent one-rather inclined to be sceptical, but, at the close of the speaker's ad dress, he was very much touched, and he there fore rose, and saidthat, if by hisexample becould improve the town, he would, if eleven others wsould join him, make the twelfth to undertake to give up taking intoxicants for three years. He would not sign a pledge, because be did not believe in it. It he had not willenough to say that he would not drink, without putting his pen to paper, then he failed to see what manliness he had got. The twelve of them kept their promise for the three years, and I after that he went away to a harder parish in London, and he went there as a total abstainer from strong drink. In time his health began i to fail, and his medical adviser told him that he must give up his vow. The result was that he felt bound to follow the advice of his doctor, and he became what he claimed to be, and what he could look the whole world in the face and say he was, "a man who strives to be temperate." To those who were tempted again and again to excess, he would say, "Come and show your manlinss, your powers, your real Christianity by saying that one glass is suficieont for me, and when, perhaps, somebody goes round and tries to pour out another glass, say 1No, I have had enough.'" That was manli ness. For a person to say that if he took one glass, it would mean that he would have to take too much was proof that he had no ideal; it was an evidence of weakness. There were some men and women in this town-some poor weaked-willed beings--for all had not strong wills-to whom the word temperance was as nothing. Try as they would, poor things, they could not attain to temperanee. What then was the remedy for them? Not to toneh strong drink at all. It was, be knew, an appeal to weakness, but to those who felt that they were not sale, he woold say, "For God's sake, have nothing to do with the drink." His ideal was temperance, but there were some who could not attain to it. Speaking more directly to the young men the preacher said :-" Young man, I if you ever go to a dance and there forget your self when the refreshment time comes on, may I God pardon the insult that you offer to some pure-minded girl when, almost intoxicated, you lead her ofl to a dance. I have seen it, and I hate it, and I am ashamed of any young man who does it. He is not a man at all; he is a beast. The temptation is so subtle. Look not on the wine when it is red unless you have a strong will." Now with regard to another question: There were some who said that tbey should ostraciee from society everyone who claimed to be a temperate drinker. Such a statement made one feel ashamed of the idiocy of the world. He had been told, too, that those who made a living by selling strong drink should be ostracised. God forbid. Where could such a statement be found in the Bible ? "Am I to pass people by," said the preacher, "' because they sell something which will not hurt me, but will hurt other people. There would be no Christianity or manliness in that. I know that there are establishments in this town where everything is conducted in the best possible way, and where the owners of the place are as much against excessive drinking as I am; yet are we to consider those men moral lepers ? I claim, in the name of my Master, to denounce such a spirit as that. It is uncharitable, and not at all Chriotianlike. Rather let us remember that, though it may be a dangerous sort of business to engage in, even if you legislate, and stop it all, you have not geone to the root of the evil." He then related an experience of his own when travelling across the Continent of America some years ago. At a certain part of the journey the conductor of the train came to him, and asked him if he wsanted anything to drink, and he replied "HNo," as he did not then need anything. About an hour later the passengers were sum moned to lunch, and he then asked the conduc tor to get him something to drink, but he was informed that be could not be supplied, as they were then travelling through a prohibited State. Yet those around him were drinking, and, on his alluding to this, the conductor remarked that those who were doing so had ordered what they required an hour before. In drawing to a close, the rev. gentleman said that what he aimed at was to impress upon parents to teach their children temperance. Let the youth go forth from the school to the office with the im pression that it was an unmanly thing to be intoxicated. And let them all remember that it was a disgraceful thing to make a young child take intoxicants. They were unnecessary for the child. In concluding, the preacher spoke thus:-" When I see a young man of 18, 19, or 20 years of age pour as much spirit into a glass as would make for me three or four drinks, it seems as though the life of such a one will eventually be miserable. Every man and every woman who striveth for the mastery is temperate. You know what unhappy homes are caused through excessive drinking; how some have their prospects ruined as a result of it, God keep you true. God keep you temper ate. Know ye not that your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost ? Ye are not your own; ye are bought with a price. Therefore glorify God in your body and in your spirits, which are God's." 