CHURCH ORGANISATIONS. rRESBYTEIUAN ASSEMBLY, SERMON ON .RECONCILIATION. CZAR'S rEAOE PROPOSALS. Ill connection with the, annual session of. t|;o. Presbyterian General Assembly, which opens to-day, n service, .conducted .by tlm moderator, Itev, John Steele, was held In the Assembly Hull, Collins-street, last even ing. Tlm attendance wns large, the hall being ncnrlv filled. The Moderator gave a sermon on "the Word of . Reconciliation," n text taken from St. Puul's second epistle to tlm ' Qoflnthlqns, v., 11). Tlm church owed much to tlm great npostlc ot the gentiles, nnd for nothing was our. tudobtcdnuss greater than for the pre sentation of the Christian religion as con tained In the passage from which the text hail been tuknn. With lino insight those wbo Und drawn up tho declaratory statement of tho basis of tlie proposed union between tho various Australian Presbyterian ohiirolies bad laid bold of this very thing — "Aud Inasmuch us-the Christian faith rests upon and the Christian couselmistioss takes hold of corlslii objective supernatural his toric faets, especially the Incarnation, tho nll-lioly character, tlm atoning life and death, tlm rcsurrcutlon and the ascension of onr Lord nqil l||,s bcstowmeiit of His holy spirit, this ehiiyeh regards those whom |t admits to Hip ptl|co of tlm hol.v ministry us pledged to give a chief place |n their touch ing to those cardinal facts, ami lo the mes sage of rudoinplloii and reconciliation Im plied 1)11(1 iqauifostm In tliom." The prea cher .vent on to describe tlm underlying liic.'lii lug — or mannings — of tlm word recon ciliation, emphasising among other points the conception of God taking Hie initiative In hoing reconciled with man. Tho Idea of Ills being reluclnnt nnd requiring lo ho pro- pitiated by sacrifice was a common character istic Of all false religions, und In some still existed, Tho collective outcome nf tlm bond of, reconciliation was the eliureli. One anil another, miqvoiI by ii common love nnd a com mon experience, were drawn around Christ Mild ooqsUtnied die household of faith. Hera Christ ruled und all his followers served, some with deputed authority, and nil in the place assigned by the Master. And the organisa tion looked both Inward and outward-— Inward so far as Hie comfort and security of tho members wore concerned, and so Tar as they were to bo built up on tlm grace of God am In the knowledge of tlm truth as it was In Christ Jesus; but outward inasmuch as It had been committed to tho church to carry forward the work of reconciling tlm world With God. The formal commission of Christ tp Ills disciples and IJ|s church was in His memorable words, "Go ye, therefore, null tcaeli all nations, baptising rlmni in 11m miiiie of the Father, nnd of tlm Son nml of the Holy Ghost, teaching tlium to observe till things whatsoever I have commanded you, ami Lo, 1 am with you always, ev,\u unto the end ot tlm world." Itoeuucillnli.il between God and mini mount reconciliation also be tweon man and mail, and aimed a death blow to "man's inhumanity lo mini, which makes countless thousands mourn." Here might be instanced tlm abolition of slavery, mid tlio sueurliig, ge nerally, of Individual rights. We might point, too, tr. lJ;o active outgoing of klndlv upd generous feeling, as manifested lu tlm sotting up of hospitals, asylums and every other form of bunovnlont effort aiming man kind. Further, It might he said that tlm Word of Reconciliation was it fureu that qindo for pence throughout the world.' "The more fully," continued tlm speaker, ".ve ro- uognlse thnt God of one blond lintli nuiile all nations nf men. and Hint Christ bus come to all these without distinction, beseeching llieui to turn unto God, tlie more clearly shall the demands of our common brother hood be acknowledged. We have, therefore, the tendency to nppenl to arbitration rather than to tlm arbitrament of tlm sword. We hall especially the lightening bonds of nmlly between Britain nnd America. Aiul wo would hall, too, tlm disarmament proposals of the Oznr could wo believe In their bona fides, nnd had they been put forward for humnim rather than for economic reasons. Perhaps, however. It Is well that, such sug gestions have been made. It may be well to keep tliem before tlm view of the nations, I hough nothing may come of tliem just yet. There Is no imiuerlliiln sign Hint 11m spenr is to lie beaten Into tlm pruning hook, nor Hint tlm day is nt linnd to which our Scot tish hard looked forward— When mini to iiiiiu, the world o'or, 6hnJl liritliors he for o' that! Tlint which the prophet nnd hard hnvo seen from iifnr Is still the faith and hope nf every Christian man and woman. Until, there fore, Hint grand emisummatimi hn attained tlmro is need that tlm church through nil the ngencles continue to beseech nil men, and to pray tlicin In Christ's stead to be reconciled unto God; for utile us lias been committed this Word of Reconciliation." 