"THE VANISHING DIAMOND; The Treasure Seekers of Thibet." By Silt OibtiHitr Camniku, Baut., Author of "From Shadow to Light, " 11 On n Winter Night," " Wild nnd Weird," Ac. qireeil o.TxnMiMf ie(CA Stent IFnnI, Lo tk t? ffoiotfen, Ltd., Lomloa.) CHAPTER XI.— Continued. T1IK ATrACK. 11/ previous nrrangoment Dburrum data appeared upon tho ramp&rta.; Ho hail taken off his fighting dreai, aiui only carried hi Poreion sword .in hi hand. As anon a Iho robber chtof porcaivod Dhurrumdnia, ho spring from hie huno and addressed tho hiilaki in acconts which he endea toured to ronder polito. Ho woe a tall and gracoful man, hut oseeediuly moagro looking, almost like a skeleuin; ho had n largo hooked nose, a thick, bushy moustscho and boarJ, and was (lroasod with Iho foppish extravagance affected by tho Eastern soldier of fortune. Hie sleo! holmot was gorgooutdy jewel lo<l, and tho chain mail hood that depended from it wa worked in various ar.tboiquoi of gold and silver. His mail coat was of (Jhe finost Persian handiwork, and was as oft and lissom as" silk. Ho wore high scarlet morocco boots, and his hands woro protected by chained gloves with olaboratoly engraved steel platos reaching to tho elbow. The hilts of both snbro and dagger wore richly ornamented, and ho carriod on his loft arin a richly ombosiod ahiold of the well-known Ouzonttii work. " Ho, bravo warrior ! " said this redoubtablo personage, addressing Dhurrumdass, " Kara Kaplan can admire courage, cvoa when oxercltod against himself; but, tell me, is it your wonderful intellect and martial instinct that has dirootod the defence of this post?" " I am in command," roturnod tho Ladaki, cMflivoly. " It is woll," returned tho robber chiof. " Will a brother soldiur coma nut to rocoivo th# embrace nf friend ship at the hands of a brother soldier who can admire bravery ovon though it bo directod against himself." The Ladaki folded bis arms end re mained silent. " Brave warrior," continued Kirs Kaplan, with a gracious inclination nf his head, M will it pieose you to descend from the rampart, and allow mo the pleasure of embracing you before I draw off my men and losve you to tho psaco which you have so gallantly earned 1 ' 11 Is there to bo peace between ii% then 1" asked Dhurrumdasa, raising bis hand to his hoad in nlgn of salute, " It is, brave warrior," answered tlio robber. "I have a word or two for your privato ear. Have you any fears ? See, I dismiss my follower." And witb these words he tore off his sword and dogger nnd handed them to his follower, who rode across tbo plain in the direc tion of tbe robber band. "8ee" con tlnuod Kara Kaplan, 11 1 am unarmed. Pause not to put on your armour, but como at once; Kara Kaplan docs nut wish to tarry whero his pride has been humbled, and must inovo off his forces before tho sun rises to bis utmost height in tbe heavens." AH seemed fair and aboveboard, and the Ladaki, turning from the rampart, descended into the interior of the camp, with tbe intention of making bis way to the plum outside through an opening which had been left in tbo paraput. Suddenly the Priest of the Bboots sprung up to him, and raised his baud above his hoad aa if about to invoke a blessing. " Ere you go out to meet with tbe mur deror sod oppressor," eried he wildly, 11 let tho priest of tbe spirits of the grave whisper in your ear a charm that may perhaps preserve you from tho power of tbe evil influences which hover over the head of Kara Kaplan." "Tush, man )" returned the Liduki, Impatiently; "you forget that I know your secret, and want nono of.thte mum mery. I go but to lay aside my arms and armour, and have no time for delay." " Listen, moo," whispered the Scotch man, forcibly bending down the head of Dhurramdasa ; " keep the steel clues ou your bodie, but just pit on a. wee bit cootie over it," r-t! "What do you raoanl" asked. tbe Ladaki, "The tiger's claws, raon 1 the tiger' clam ! " said the Priest of tbe Bhoota, Ha I " said the Ladaki, as an ex pression of intelligence passed over bis face. "Isitso?" " I ha'o seen thorn and tnony timer," answered Bab, with a wink. Tho Ladaki hurriedly covorod bis bulky person witb n thick puttoo coat, and thon enlliod out to moot the robbor chiof, Kara Kaplan. Iu a few minutes tbe Into adversaries wero standing a fow yards distant from each other, aud the robber was salaaming with orory goiture of admiration and respect. "Ono bravo snldior has evor con fidonco in anotlior, you boo," remarked Kara Kaplan, as lio advanced with oxtondod' arms, as though to press Hhurrumdasa lo his breast, Tho Ladaki stood awaiting hi# approach with his arms folded, and an expres sion of calm cnutom'pt upon his face. "Ono embrace, and we part never to meet again," cried tho robber, in Insinuating accents. " And, much as I should regret it, may wo novor meet again; fnr when two brave warriors xneot, blond ton often flows," " A tronchoroui deod does not re- qnire two brave man ; nno brave man and a coward are aulllciont," returned tbo Ladrtfti, grimly. "Who talks of cowards 1" answered Kara Kaplan. " Come, let up embrace and depart." "Come, then," avid Dhurramdasa, ex tending his arms; "and curses be on blm who meditates treachery." "So be it," said the robber; aud, taking a step or two forward, he grasped the Ladaki round tbe waist. Av be did so, be gave a sodden thrust, and a harsh, grating sound was beard, as of metal rasping upon motat. The Ladaki seized Kara Kaplan by the throat, and, holding him np for on instant in the. air, dashed him to the ground with superhuman force. "Be. hold the traitor's work !" shouted he; and raising the hands of the eensoless man, he showed thst sharp steel hunks, fashioned like the talons of a wild beast, were fastened in tbe inside of hla bauds ujr Awigrt, imuugu wiiiuii iiiq unguis pissed. The Tiger's Claws, as this terrible weapon ia called, bos often been used as a tnevos of murder io tbe terrible episodes that luvo characterized Indian history. " llewarel beware, Dhurrumdasa!" cried .Mr, Macolpine ; aod tbe Ladvki bad only just time to spring back into tbo camp as the bonemeo of the robber, who had evidently acted on a given sig nal, awopt down, and, raiting the pros trate body of their chief from Ibe grouod, bore him away to a safe distance amidst tho yells nf execration and derision at tho discomfited traitors which rose from within the camp. CHAITEK XIII. tub deuon of tub stream. Tbo night following Ibe encounter between Kara Kaplan and Dhurrum dasa was oppressively hot, varied only by a scorching dry wind, liko tho breath of a furnace, which eeemcd to withor up everything aa it swept across tho plains. Tbo pontos and ' mulos scorned vory uneasy, and, with their ears laid back and thoir flanks quivering, etood trembling on the spot to which their head aod hcol ropes confined them. "This i very strango weather," Ladaki. " Wo surely ought never to havo it so opproisiro at this season of tho year." " It is strange, and moat unaccount able," returned Dhurrumdasa; "aod mucH weather generally portends eome convulsion of nature. If you remem ber, just boforo tho cataclysm tho day wu almost stifling." " Aiblains," whispered the fatso priest, coming forward cautiously and glancing around to see that be was not overheard. " Aiblaius, it is tho Demon of the Stream ooaiog in propria persona, as tbe domi nie used to say. I'bave often threatened the pair simple villagers wl bis vixits, and perhaps he is comiog the noo in stem reality." " Nooaense, man I " returned Mr. Mecfelpioe, slowly. " Do you not know better then to nttcr such foolish opinions before the led 1 " " Ob, he won't frighten tnc, father 1" answered Donald, with a light laugh. I' 1 040 ntko a better ghost oat of e scoopcd out turnip witb a piece of eaitdle in It tban bit reverence could ever con jure up; tut I candidly confess that I wish It wee not so hot. I have been dolog nothlog bat drink water for tbe put balf'bour." 11 Jist tak' a!n look then for your selves," returned Kab Dslhouaie, sulkily pointing to a huge dark pillar of cloud edges, which had just become visible on the horizon, "and maybe ye'll no' be saying that it it nsetbing." ' Look rather to immediate than pos sible future danger," shouted tbe Lvdski, who had been peering out into Ibe darkness. "To amis, men ! Kin Kap lan and bis band are upou us ! " His statement was a correct one , fur, taking advantage of tbe dose of night, the robber end hi men had crept np close to tbe camp, and -as soon as they perceived tbat tbey were discovered, made a dash, sword ia fanud, at the rampart. They met with a warm re ception ; but tbe weight of tbelr num bers prevailed, and, step by step, tbey forced tbe defenders bock within tho predncU uf tbe camp, eud followed them up. Kara Kaplan, uttering fierce yelle and urging on his men to alay and spare none, cut right and left with bis keen blade, end displayed that ewordamaa bip for which he had gained an un rivalled reputation. Mr. Macalpioo was burled tu tho ground in the crush, and would uuduubtedly have boon slain by ooe uf the robbers had not Donald dis charged tbe couteote of bis duck-gun into tho mail's arm, causing him to drop hie uplifted dagger with a thrill cry of pain, Tbe I'rieet of the Bhoota fought bravely, iullictiog severe damage with his spiked club, and taking advantage ol tbo awo auicn me supposed profession (for bis identity as a former member of the band was ouly known to Kara Kap lan and tho bulf-ciste) Inspired, It was, however, but only too evidont that tbo | merchaut'a followers were terribly out- j numbered, and must speedily give way, | Dhurrumdasa perceived this, and amongst the flashing of the matchlocks, the cLrah of steel, and tbe clatter of sword and spear upon iron-bound shield, bis cries roso up loud and clear. (7b ht continual,) 