I k sapphire Seas. Ig aclose shave. m nsrOBV OF THE MINERVA REEF. Br T. H. Pwchaiid. KB COPYRIGHT. BB- t s I'TP seen the Mlncrvn Reef," said Hi r„ Grant, skim'"' of the topsail schooner tjflB . I,„ss, answering a remark I had H M«d to make about that singular dunger Ps Mire deep, "anil take iny word for it I don't HI tfU 10 sec it again under similar clrcutn- fill "Itaas yarning time par excellence. We mi . , jniih'ed our cruise among tlio ntola of Mi ,ht Gnbert Group, those mere rings of H J, m-(h tho scanty top dressing of sandy |S| enclosing n central lagoon, that have Iff L«b water, that grow only palms, pan- MB .tnua a poor sort of taro, and that teem hi with people lualuly subsisting on nsh and .wfl (CCWUUl.. fm: We kail left Tapiluwca early In the after- Si noon; Ike Island had long since sunk bc- 58 ,bc .horizon, and with the south- cast M nidrs on our quarter wo were making a 8j|| Jiijjiit course for the Santa Cruz Group. EH Ibc tropic night had set In with all the SB w„ty peculiar to It, as It sprend Its gilt- Si tcrlng canopy over those soft summer sens. H Ibc full orbed lady moon hnd globed her- Bi 5(|f In heaven. The crosB shone out clear « nml distinct like a mystic jewel In the B| soiiiliern sky, and every point of light In tho Bp rrat vault above caught additional lustre H from Hie deep blue of its cloudless setting. SB Tlie steady breeze made the canvas sit like BB iKjards, and an the schooner raced throngh hi the gently heaving sen, like n high metalled B bnrsc straining at his morning gallop, you 68 fell that it was good to be alive, if ouly to H drink In the beauty of the night and revel in Ha that sense of perfect freedom. B But due provision had also been made to B drink In something else, with a distinct flavor H of juniper berries about It. The mats had B been sprend otr the quarterdeck, the pipes Imd been lit, arid sitting with his back B against the weather rail, the skipper had H nude tlic reply ns above. B "Why, how was It?" I naturally asked, and B Eliding himself for his story, the skipper B reeled It off. B "It was this way: About 10 years ago I H took a run up to Sydney for-a holiday, after B 1 pretty long spell among the Islands, and B having had a merry old fly round, was be- m ginning to think of getting bnck to the dc- H lights of suit junk and yams, square gin, knva and cocoanut oil." B "Knocking about I hnd stumbled on For- H gus Mivor. You remember him? He used B ' sa" f'o lVatenvItch, as fine a seaman as HB ever trod a plank, nml a man who could find H Ids wny about from the Philippines to Tahiti, B f1" H'e Ladroues to the Kcriunilecs, with B Ms eyes shut. lie knew those Islands like Ike palm of Ids hand, and could pick up a j reef passage by feeling for it In tlie dark. B "With Feigns was Fletcher Christian, one B hf the Norfolk Island boys, and us both B wanted to get hack Fergus made n proposal BB which he thought would suit tho three. H "Re had been lookiug at a cutter yacht B called the Elcctrn, which the owner wnuted Bg 1 Mil. She was one of these Sydney racing B "inehlues, built before the milk dish model B eaaght on, and drafted with u special view H to regatta work in 'Our Beautiful Harbor.' ' M "She was 17 tons measurement, long, deep B oad narrow, with any amount of lead ballast R n",1 ".'t0 V®,1"' wll'eh gave her a draught of Inches freeboard of about us muuy v,7!!l? tree lust «s stiff as a church. nJlo.it!!,2 ? ab,e t0 s'uk-.her, but yon L iu!!, o,' i!® llL'r> even. though she wns wasted like a young man of. war aud carried «s iiiicl: canvas as a China tea clipper. as u reasonable one, and For- coiilii t. f i , w® coultl set her down we mom- am 0110 01 tho b's u'l'ufs at a X,'t , "8 ,sbe sat on the water like a look tho ! ?sa ooptain's gig, she didn't a deon KO. 1Une sort Of a craft for a ueep sea cruise,. lo law wC'r',mftor a lot of tn,ck' we decided a lot of .an.'? w® fodueed her spars, took ready for ill' "J1, r ,ler omvas, got her Ilotum-i i,nv tau2 Ptokcd up a stray "Sam ' .w Sy!lncY> cleared out for fellow's ll 'ii f c"lut Pl't tliat so many "Our nrii rl" "" ncvc'r wnut t0 fetch, adloa uni t a , ! ,v?s„to Norfolk, about 800 tbrto'." 0""-8' of Sydney. . Ever been '"No.' WelMrorti?'1- y" Bet a "tint. SO. It's snois Si11',, Its ono of the loveliest and our British' r"1' U' Ju8t u r"r«dlsc; a iiihl Government turned It Into Pot s ts e,e."'by mak,uS It n convict de- tlioJ iii, f,olo"s of floury. They sent old time . T ca8es from Sydney in the wanted it » cleared them ont when they i from rn t setJo tl,e surplus population I teiidnuti nf'ti, bal£-caato Tuliltluu des- I m... f 'he Bounty Mutineers. ® free sLmT1 raass've prison buildings, the ® <ori an" , a,"rka ani1 commandant's quar- i and' Weiriiiw \ i 0 Hectiy , are still there, I Hilct aud ,,eaeenil.n th 8CCUe "W 80 i oiioXe,mdC8,ellaI'tE f tbe Mutineers occupy oceunled tf I, land, and Bishop Sclwyn ¥i of hlii \t i other, with the head-quarters % the in, "ne8lan mission. The children of ?! delp,htfi"iir"<ir8, a,ro tbe mat. hospitable and there crowd', Imaginable, audi fi we n.',» i Rucsts. of Christian's relations, a Cln a; 1,1 oue of the most enjoyable weeks I m cna remember. ' , i wi'A.'Iils'eflme sil'luff day hut by this time i Kke h« , thoroughly cottoucd to .onr craft. U v hehaved admirably on the run from a siiiw.! \ , ',090 haiilcd, or wltli a free sheet, I d „ , ,sa Rhe a witch, nnd If she didn't I; f0.i , dancing over the seas she was a per- t riu, oemon at. diving through them. No -1 .''Btnke Bhe was wet. nud. In a hit of a i .jfene. the only dry stitch In her was tlie it m! wind vane at tlie mast head: But we 9 ,fc ut fellows to enre much for that. i cergus was skipper, nnd I was on lier i ' .Prs as mate, and xvc laid our eourse with I . northcrly breeze for FIJI. The wind; 1 Itl 'iRlitcr still as the day wore on. till by , | "Uiioown we were- becalmed and rolling , i liJI? 8 under hi a heavy ocean swell. | . .hen It began to gather as black as your! I "at to the nor' -west, - aud before we- could get we pur topsail off lier It had bit us like ' a broadside from a bnltle ship. I "Over she went until she was light on her beam ends. The topmast snapped as short as a carrot. The gaff topsail, tbe Jib and I tho staysail vanished like three wisps of paper In a whirlwind, and night caine down 1 on us almost In nil instant. j "Fergus had jumped to tho tiller and I helped Christian to jam It hard down; hut, with her big mainsail dragging in the water like a broken wing, she wouldn't come up i Into the wind. | "If she had been eapslznhlo she would have turned turtle under the fearful strain ' of that first hurricane swoop to a dead cor- 1 tainty. As It was she still lny on lier broad side, when Tote, tlie Hotiuuii boy, whipped out his knife, rail along tbe inclined plane of the mnBt like a monkey, nnd, clambering out ou the gnff, slipped down, splitting the mainsail from top to bottom. "The wind, now shrieking and howling like teu thousand devils, did the res't, and as the ennvns flew Into ribbons, with the strain off her, she slowly righted. "Bringing her routid wltli a sweep, away she went before It with n hare pole, the fol lowing sens mailing over us and doing their level best to entry us overboard. 'With a lot of trouble we got the boom on hoard again, nM, with the guff, lashed safely down. Luckily w6 had plenty of sea room, and she was as tight as a bottle, so as there wns nothing else for It, we took short spells nt the tiller, each one in turn being made fust to the rail, and kept her straight before the storm. "There was not nuicli sleep for anyone that nlglit, and when the morning broke nil you could see was n wild grey aky low down over a wilder wnste of tempestuous ocean. But though It wns still blowing great guns, the first fury of the hurrienue was past, and we were able to tlilnk about getting some thing on the cutter. "Luckily, we hnd a brand new storm salt, and before long had innnnged to got her un der a pocket handkerchief jib nnd staysail, and a balance reefed mainsail. You take my word for It that there was no joke in bringing her head to wind In that seaway, but Fergus handled her like an archangel, and we soon hnd her, with the staysail to windward, snugly hove to. "For .10 mortal hours, or till about noon next day, we bad to keep her on that tack, but she rode It out like -a duck, and made siicli good weather of It that after a while we lushed the helm down, pulled the scuttle over and spent the time alternately sleeplug, feeding and playing euchre. "On the wind liilltng a bit, we let her go pretty close lianled to the north-east, and she proved a perfect daisy. The big greeii seas came tumbling nt her, hut as you hand led her she seemed to rise to them like a thoroughbred hunter to his leap, and there was a positive delight In feeling that you had under you sneh an excellent sea boat. "But it grew monotonous as the next day passed, and tlie next, without brlnglne a,>y material change In the weather. Still the wind blew a stiff gale; still the angry hitc -i -.1 moc aama mahinrr down Oil US fllUl went rolling away to leeward with a vicious hiss as of disappointment a ®?e?? d tw still tlie flying storm wrack eoveied all the skv and blotted It out from view. "The next day brought no better Inck, nnd we were getting pretty ai'xtous JYe hafl left Norfolk on Monday. It wns now Jlatui r day afternoon, and In the whole time we bad been unable to get a single oHsenatlon.so- lar, lunar or stellar. VTe ' away, and heading for waters In which tbue "re more reefs than there are ghosts In a church vard, and this ignorance of our posi tion was decidedly unpleasant. We had plentv of- navigating talent ow hoard, seeing that three .out of the four held "'istei a ccr- tlllealcs. But what Is the use of navigating talent when you. can't get a chance to navl- ""'Bnvs,' said Fergus, as we sat at the lit tle cuddy table with tlie chart before us, Just as tlie night wns setting In. Pete being at tiie llllcr, 'let us each, work up the dead rcekouing again .Independently, and each prick1 off the position to see how far we ngice or differ.'. . ; , . "We had «1ono It times and again before,, hut It was only a rough rule of thnmb- at tempt at best, for. there was IB hours; bare run, 30 hours' head reaching bj . a , lit el> craft, and five dnys'. current drift and leeway to nliow for, all we had to he sure ot Mus the run under cniivris- recorded by !ie Pa"J- log. Naturally wc were a good , bit -wide of. each other, , and could . only. worn somewhere lu the ..vlclntty of .-the.-Mh nC"Now,Cthis was rather disquieting it 1b not 'a neighborhood 'in which to Bleep soundly unless you .nre sure of your exact wherenbouts. The reefs— for there nre two of them— rise In mld-occan out of water 1000 fathoms tlcoiv andille awash. at 'jw . .All 23.37 8. latitude, ,178.-10 W. longitude, -00 miles from the nearest land.' , . . "The one to the northward Is just a. round coral ring, with a central lagoon .about 3 J miles in diameter, for. »V;U»o .world like, pne of those atols we hnve left, before tt goUts lop dressing of soil -and vegetation You cm sail Into the middle, lagoon, , anil lie safely at anchor while a. hurricane rages outside. - "The south reef is. like, two. half-finished atols joined together— as though Nature : had stnrtcil tho Job and had not.fonnd time, .to complete her work. Tliey, arc things to. give a wide berth to, even In the daylight; but God help the storm-beaten vessel .that strikes them at nlglit. There Is; nothing for her but Bwift nml sudden, destruction. ; "Christian and I hnd each pricked the po: sltlon off on the chart, nnd Fergus sat look ing nt the murks ami studying our figures. At last he said— . v ... „ , " Boys, I don't tlilnk yon have allowed enough for leeway, nnd. that, puts you, too fur to the westward. According to my caicu Iatlon we nre about there,' placing the, point of the dividers on tlie chart, 'that Is, less than -10 miles to the nor-west of the reef. Now it would he just a miracle,' he con tinued, 'if I am exactly right, so I tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to niter her eourse. and scud her slnp ut it with a free sheet If I am wrong, as I can scarcely miss being, seeing that the chances are al most millions to oue against me, we shall go clear of It, and have plenty of open water to pick np In. If I am right— well, It will bo just u bit awkward.' "We saw the force of the thing in tin In stant Still, as we cased off tlie sheet and the cutter's head fell away before the wind, on the new course, we felt we were work ing out an eerie sort of a problem, nnd just betting our lives that Fergus had not guessed rightly. "Lord, how tho cutter seemed to race nt It There was still the heavy, fast- flying scud above, and the Inky sea below relieved by the phosphorescent gleam of tho wave tops ns they curled nnd broke. The boat seemed to Strain like a living thing under our feet ns the fierce gusts of wind appeared, to half lift her out of tlie water, and tho long, lumi nous wako behind her trailed away Into the darkness like the body of a Hhlning smtke. 'We shall inn tlie distance at this rate before 10 o'clock," said Fergus, as the three of us stood grouped by the weather stay, peering Into the night. Wc kept our eyes skinned, hut to no purpose; 10 o'clock came, then 11, and It was close on midnight when I c-rgns, who had been more than once to the cross trees, said, -Well, Hay, as I thought, anil hoped, I've missed it. We can 8 and turn in now for an hour or so before Lhrls and Pete take their watch below.' "Be went down, leaving Chris at tho tiller, and Pete on the lookout, and were just quietly discussing a nightcap before dossing wbenr above the whistle of the wind,' rang out Pete's voice, "Na cakau, Saka'; and right on top of It the hail from Chris. Breakers on the lee howl' "Fergus jnst went through the scuttle hole like a streak, and was half way to the cross trees before I was well on deck. " 'Luff; luff,' came his hall. 'Luff it Is.' " 'So- steady. In sheet, nnd keep lier as close on the wind as she will travel.' \- ' Ay«y-a/c!': And soon we were rnnnln" parallel with the break, white; angrv and pallidly gleaming like a million corpse lights banked up away to leeward; while the roar of. the surf, now rising above overv other sound, filled the air with the hollow rever- dcr 0n distant and continuous thtin- "If we had been lo leeward Instead of towludward, we must have heard It 20 miles "But- steadily the gleam of the break grew clearer aud clearer.. We were sagging down on it, and that meant certain death. Once within the Influence of that mighty \ n a" lbe steam power of the British navy eonld not save tis. " 'Luff,- luff,' came the hall from the cross- trees. 'Keep her up, .up, but keep her going. Don't let her sag; . I can see tho point of the reef, .-bat It will bo touch and go to weather It.' "'Luff It Is.' And. with Chris anil Pete at the- sheet, while I had the tiller, we nursed and coaxed every inch out of her it was possible to got. Stilt the break grew clearer. I could feel the cutter lining with the reef swell, and as she rose I could see the white gleam uudcr the foot of the main sail. " 'Luff,' still came the cry from aloft There was a qneer grip nt my heart, as I felt It wns no good. A big roller lifted us bodily in. I jammed down the tiller, and just ns I expected the next surge to land us In the break and dash us to pieces — there it was. There. Astern. I could see It fall ing away to leeward. Wo hnd weathered it by the skin of oui teeth, nnd were saved men. "It was a near thing, hut a miss is as good as a mile, and when Fergus caine down from his. perch a quarter of an hour later and eased lier off a bit, tlie white surf break was fast failing out nnd the ronr. already grow ing fainter in the distance. We had hit tho north-east point of the Windward reef, and had verified one miracle by accomplishing another. Fergus may work dead reckoning from now till the Day of Judgment, hut he will never do that again. " 'But wasn't It a risky experiment?' i ventured. ''Risky? Not a. hit of It. I would follow tho same rule In tlie same circumstances a thousand times oyer, and stake a thousand lives, if I had tlicih,' that I -ran clear every time. It was the turning up of the one chance In the million, with just enough margin In obr fnvor -to let its off, nfler the closest shave I ever expect, to have in all my life. No other craft, In tlie South Seas would have done It, and' so, I say, eomuioud me to the deep keeled boat. , .. "The weather moderated next day,. and as tlie wind changed /we- made a good run , to Tonga. But. there goes eight bells, so drink up and let us make a good run. to Blanket Bay. and sleep .with flip epinfortliig con sciousness, that we are over a thousand, miles to the north of the Minerva Beef." 