The Skeiclicr. A Strange Seance. n peculiar affair from the very C(/miiiei:feiiieM. It was weird-even from Hie circumstances tlmt led Jin- in iwrl'li'liu'to In it. It o mined under Hie very iwse of the iiiibllc, and thi» public e.vi! "us blind to It. I was in ii certain suburban jmrk. I Klmu'it Kill j-on which It mix-i>ut ou your puzzling ('<>]>. 1 hud cant aside my worries. iiml bad determined to enjoy an bour of tthe inodcru !'?'stoivil. It was 0110 evening in the yiur'a sweet lirldti'i uiontli, when spring weds summer, w'iien tile Miay bloom decks tlie glade, anil .Inst ivlmiil tin* lime I lie mill Hikes bin evening illii, gliding the waters of Ills liavli ns lie dUippears Into their 111 iilm. I hud wiiudered Into a thickly wooded gmvc, and I tlliought myself alone : so I was lM-tlior startled when 1 heard a hunwvn ymUv close. by me (i'y out " euckoo." <ln looking tip I perceived an oltl gentleman. n very queer-looking old gentleman. perched on tbo stump of a wtPhered tree. He was swinging bis legs about an if lie were 111 n sTO'le of .thorough enjoyment, mid lie was nod d'ng hi« quaint oM li«nl-nodding It evi dently at me. It was nut a position In which one would ummty flud an old gontleroimn-not n respectable old geirtle nvan. lit was not ail occupation In wlildi old geiitlemeu lire prone to Indulge ; no I teni- In my surprise I must have stared lit him very rudely. " Ob, I'm here right enough." cried he. He Imd evidently rend my thought. .' I'm very inueb here, hn ! ha lia !" And l»is legs went swinging at a fearful rate. " I would n't look quite no bewildered If I were you," continued he In Ills strange crocking voice. "l'eople ikihs ing ml pin not lee it. <Mi, you think I should be most likely to attract tlieh nttpntlon ? Tlwit's w"here you're wrong. I'm here, most positively here; but for mil tlmt very, very few people can see .me. ytou i"ftn, liecaixse you're clair voyant. I'm n f»i»lrit. Ha ! lin !" I questioned myself as to the possi bility of my being nuleqp and dreaming; tut again divining my thoughts, he re plied with n Wiuckle : " Clli, you're wide nwake-cuckoo." Am) he gave me a knowing wink. Suddenly he assumed an nlert expres sion ; and Mien, beurtlng forward mys teriously. he whispered : "Tliere are smue |»eople coming. 1 don't wlrili to distress you. I know you'd (Ike to introduce me; but as you can't. I'll "disappear." I turned to gee wlio wan approaching. It wns a pair of lover*; but Ihey were too inucb cngtwscd in their own affatiV 1o i«y any attention to mo : so I faced rtbout agttta. But the queer old muu wins gone. " (Hi, tills Is too nilwnird." cried I. mid I dellbwnMy went up to the spot where lie Imd lieen and urinntely examined Jt. There wan noWrlng but an old splintered nnfl Jagged tree Mump, wltli a gnarled loot draped lu lichen ami tuoss. I «booppd to gather "a primrose. wlicn I felt my hat klrked ofT my head. Tlien, raising my eyes, I perceived au old boot 'dangling Jutrt on a level with my nose. So smrWefl vms 1 tlmt 1 must lmve fallen Irnctawttrds, for I discovered I was Rented In h l>ed of weeds. Ob. the way that old man enjoyed my misadventure (far there he wan on his l>ercli again); tlhe wwy lift wriggled wtth j delight; how he h«4d his sides with ' lauglrter. rocked himself too and fro ; | ?Throw lite anils tip In the air ; and klck i cd out his wMthered old legs. Every | moment I exported blin to orerJ»*hn»ce i .himself and come to serious gi'lef on the turf ; lint no. he seamed as sccuve ! an you would lmve been on q mimic i stool. IMnally. lie gwt lip-on nortrtng ' lloatiMl roumi the tree, and then, wltb a hwiden twifrt. resmmil Ills «eat. nils Httile feat seemed to restore his meuhil (K|ulllbrluin. Seeing Mill do this so reminded me of certain enterlti'lniueirtu I Imd witnessed rhait I couldn't help expressing a 'tllOllffllt. " I'm sorry I haven't a tambourine or n concerHim to lend you." muttered 1. .He took off Itlrs rap and Mirew It at me. It vanished Into air. but I distinctly felt iin If I'd been struck by n wet towel. *' None of your Inuendoes. my friend," >i:ild lie. " I'm no cliarlntnn. I'm no .spirit by mncWnery. I'm the real niViele. I n'lgli I liad a coucertlua ; T'd irlvo you nniHle about yonr ear* ymi ATOiibltiM «are for. If you're not civil I -.-'I ml I Just Imre you, and tlipn yonH low wnmtflilng. I enu tell jmu. 'Oojila." A.wl ?to my fui'llier aRtoiiMiment hp turned a' <mni)iflctc RomeMiult. agaiu ullghting in Ills old tioslt'lon iiihI Imibliig ns «erIou« i <as if noitli'ing out of tlie common had lifljipniied. Then lie crossed his legs, nursed Iris rlgltt elbow, aud stroked his chili. * " Hmve you ever attended II seance a real snux-einquired he: and his eves looked like two red-hot coals Mint spemwl hi Intrn right Into me. " No, I see you've not. Well, would you like to V" Agmlti i be read my tliongdits before I eonld feply. " So you slrall." ThereiiiKin , he slid down the tree and stood before me. " I'Nillow." lie (-oniiiianded. " Ob. lmve no fear : I wn« a nmr'nl onee-like yon, only a great den I haiidsonipr-and you'll bp like me one i»r tlnwe days, ha ! ha ! ?Ii'-i !-only not so handsome. Follow ?nie. No one will see me lint you. unless we meet a clairvoyant, anil he'll under >-,Mml. Wl).v do yon hesHnte ? Oh, I fitmit take you off the eamil's plane, (.nine along." He trotted oil before me. JiiMt as If lie'd been a human being. Hi' d'dnM Hinteimit any fui'llier colivermlMon. neither did I. We were soon In a frequented part of (fie |x:rk. but nobody noticed him-evi deiitlv nolimly saw him. We pawed '.lnvmgli a busy street. He dodged In -Hid out aiiiongi--t tile people Jiut a« ynu hi- I would.- Never bill onee did lie do . aiiyilli'lng nut of tlie common. ,tml Hurt w.i< when lie walked stralglrt tlimugh a post. In iii.V sui'iirlHe. lliiit |iost and I collided, lie, peieelvliig my new mis adventure. again exlravaguiKly revel IimI : bin seeing I looked annoyed, lie I'-wed In me very politely In contrition, a n<l wi» eonttliineil our Journey. At l i-'it we balled «1 a not very 'irls loeratle-lookiug house down n liaek ,'re"i;. "M:»igl!ns done here" w.ts all f'lill'-ed by II card iiromlnelitly plaei^l III a broken |iaiie of the parlour window. My guide iiiouined I lie doorslens and |-.i<eii tin1 dirir; lull II was shut favl. . l^lleil. I Ill-Hit 'he 'llgllti'Sl ll-sllU'tlon. ! he II.-ivi--. -I right ti'ii iugh It. opened tl ! t'roin Hie Inside, and walled, ^rluiilng. ill III" ball ;.! rei-elvi- me. "I don't like giving the landlady any extra tumble." said he. "particularly a« file's luiiy at preseiil with her women denusilife' lief lieighboui's' liueu aud tiuil Ing their characters. Oh. don't look no astonished ; Mhc won't he afraid ; she's used tn my Utile peculiarities, bless her. Follow mr up In the second llimr. Miml rlir stulrs : they're rickety. ami tin1 ban isters aii' delusive. so ilnn't trust tliem. Hon1 we are-Timral lournl lidi." I couldn't help lii- Jnir struck by tin* fact that tills old gentleman illil nut la any way hear 'himself with that gravity, that circumspection. one wonhl natn rally expect from a person In his sphere. " Who's here V" lie asked, Id.ikinv: round a room we had entered. " < Hi, only a poor muster to-night. Friends. I salute yon. I.et me introduce a seep tlc. Sceptic. ynu have the honour to lii'holil. not dlsertiliodled spirits, lml an other order of bogles-for Imgies yon will think tih, yon poor, h'ind, benighted llesh-a nil-blood niacliluc- fcttcrcd soul. Von behold here splrlls who dins l«» Die earth's plune. and uiaterlally affect mor tality. hilt who In their iniindane ex!si I'lice were merely the children of men's brains, an Mlncrvn was the offspring of .love. Let me introduce you. The gen tlenian In tin' chair to-night Is «'.'!iply known as The (.host. He Is a theatrical gentleman-possibly outsiders term lilm Slangy ; lint l»y ill use Inside the profes sion he 1h very inucli venerated. He Is a welcome guest ,.ver.v playhouse, and Is to be met with mostly on a Fri day evening or Saturday morning. No other gliost In .tin* whole world It) no popular. Ills Influence Is simply unique: ami when his wonted time passes and he does not appear there is generally hearllmrnlng and unpleasautry. In ordinary trade circles lie takes the niate rlal name of Wftges. That gentleman to tlx* right of lilm In likewise hi the nit luetic profession. He Is known am Tin; Ghost of a Line. Not to lip acquainted wlrh lilm Is not to l>e considered credit aide In the theatrical world; Ant hoi's are understood to ? detest actors w'u'o eschew bin .society. Yonder spirit ema nated from Hie wind of n nmsfelntiHn composer of the very highest soul order; so mncli so' 'that none of Ills writings were' over guilty of melody, excepting one , spug. of which there Is the (host. 'Thrtt Lgeti Henum Is the ftliokt of n THtflp. Tlfe 1 person opposite, thnt melancholic liidl vldnnl. Is the Oliost of a Joke. Ho Is welcomed when discovered In wie of tije couilc pa|iers. He Is generally at,tcn<l4l liy the imbecile yon perceive at lijs ellN»w. Who Is 'he ? Why,' t)if* (tliost of a Laugh. of course. Tlie.'iUfcrhirial pej somige, so restless, anil fldgi'ty. Is tlje "host of nn Ideli. 'SniriftlniWriie's veijy difficult to catch-even more un to retalh. The party who has Jnst entered Is held In contempt Itoth On'the tti'ftliW pintle ami off It. "?tobody wantslilftf. one cjin do without hint better thnti wltlthlili, for. he only brings unpleasatit lifemoi-Us -lie Is The flliORt of n Coin.*' 1 " Will yoil allow some "one to steals besides yourself ?" said h gentleman in the comer, "tn other words, will you please give me myself ?" " ! " ("ertaluly." replied my spirit guide, who seemed to perfectly understand the enigma. " I. sir," *snld the gentleman, rising, "am a spirit that many sigh'for. maiiy work hard for. mid many sit uatluiiUv awaiting." )' " Oli ! ha ! ha j Capital for n conun drum. AVliat is that which " it whs the tiliost of a Joke who spoke,'hit' he was silenced by the gentleman so rmlelv Interrupted, and the Ghost of n Lnmih. who had Just opened his ipoutli.' closed It again, anil slunJt behind his intimate's chair. " Of course you would take me." «ij I the coin rolling spirit, addressing the .iliost of a Joke : " yon would take me." There was a liitler sarcasm In liis ac cents; but ills tone was not nnklnilli Wien. turning to me. he oontlnned : " I ain caught b,v Home, and prove a bless* lug to thrill. for they use me as the thin frnd of tlte wedge for their Advancement. Others lot me slip through their lingers siuiiply out of foolishness, others through sheer Incapacity to utilise me. nut there are niyrfartsT never visit and these, heaven help them, fade, fade Into poverty, and .mostly thence Into de spair. Those who seek me are llkelv to flud ine: lint there Is no eertaintv of that. I nui by nature Iiasty nud capri cious. I. air, am the tihost of a < 'ha lice." Tin; spirit sat down, and there was "Hence. Directly I heard who he was 1 felt Inclined to embrace him ; Iji fact I rose to do so. hut to ! he had disappear eil. Then, as a vision, events of my own Te rose lip before me-autlcbatlons, hopes. Winnies. failures - failures through folly, fallitreslhrotigli being pre maturely certain, failures throng* an other's spite-?faded chances, brilliant effervescing bubbles which had died sparkling and had left behind thein nothing Jmt regret. For a moment my eyes were blinded with tears, nuil Wirough their dewy mist j saw the spirits who had fonnpd the circle slowly finle away one by one. fitrnnge to sav. tile fJliost of n Coin anil the Oliost of a Laugh disappeared together. Tile strains of a popular Jnelody floated through the nlr, and Hie Rhost of s Tune was Indistinguishable. The last to lenve was the oaiost of a Joke ; he seemed very loath to go-In fact lie seemed to in- present long after I could see untiling of him. 1 here, said my familiar when we were again alone, "you've witnessed what no spiritualist ever beheld before »on'vo gone beyond their most marvel. experlemiw. I pity when von come to narrate It. Vou will get no credence-no. not even from the wildest visionary. Downstairs, please Thp show's over. We make a silver collec tion at the door, so as to keep mi the ntiality of- the spirits. We are obliged to do this fn :n a moral point of view . for If the rent's not paid we find the RIMi'lts bii'oino v«»ry ICMV.'* IIo wvmtrd to sell mo sonip pap<T« tn \viiirh nil the jrhosts ooiKIIIhiIlmI. luit I < Mil I ptiri'hnse. because I feared thev'.l disappear In my pocket. He most poll ely saw n,o to the gate, and then V;III!riio<1. Sly head was in a whirl. I scarcely realised what I was doing until 'l found myself back In my own rooms. ,, i.'IVV ",ir'il. '"-nitaliited with r *I,i''|t-S(',.ich tills lime. Then I felt thai what my familiar had said was true-l was a medium, and for some tiilnntes I allowed the spirit to control - C harles n ny. I" ,|lt. ..X,.w,-.istle Weekly I hronclle." , -r-=----. Few things gratify Mr. Cieorge Mere dith more than the fact Hull lie had fiiiielhliig to do with Mr. Thomas Hardy's tlrst wticcess as <t novelist. The M.S. of Mr. Hflrdy's book " ruder the tifeeiiwnoil Tree" was sent in vain to several publishers, and at last reached Messrs. I'hapniaii' mid Hall. Mr. Mere dith. wlio was then, as he Ik still, ntic of tlie "readers" fur the linn, read the slory. and was so struck with Its merits that he advised its publication, and wrote the author a letter of conllal praise, which was greatly appreciated by 31 r. Uuidy. 