CONSECRATION OF DR. KELLY. AN IMPRESSIVE CEREMONY. With all that solemn splendour and completeness of detail ever characteristic of the Church of Rome in the performance of her ceremonies and ritua's, the Right Kev. Dr. Kelly was consecrated Bishop of Geraldton, in St. Francis Xavier's Cathedral, on Sunday morning, the Right Rev. Dr. Corbett, Bishop of Sale, being tile consecrating prelate; and the Right Kev. Dr. Maher. Bishcp of Port Augusta, and tiie Right Rev. Dr. Dunne, Bishop of W'ilcanuia, assistant prelates. The ' strains of music slumbrously stealing through j the Church, the scent of sweet- smelling incense wafted from the thurible, the illuminated altar resplcndently embellished with floral gems, the richness of the lobes of the I consecrating prelate, the assistant prelates and | priests, aud the Bishop-elect, the simply-vested I acolytes reclining at the foot of the throne, j and the radiant glow from the many-colon red glass windows shedding a dim religious light into the sanctuary w<_-re features of a cere-1 monial which could not fail to arouse tile emotional feelings, aud, i£ at peace with God j and uuii, to thrill oi;e with a deep religious fervour. Within the sanctuary were seated the Archbishoo of Adelaide on the throne, and wearing the cappa magaa. He was assisted by the Very Rev. Father Vincent. Provincial ot the Order o£ P.issiomsts ill Australia, and the Rev. Father Carroll, S.J., of Norwood. Solemn High Mass was celebrated by Dr. Corbett. The Ve:i. Archpriest Nevin was the assistant priest. Father Hurley being the deacon aud Father Mcllvoy the subdeacou. Father Cosgrove acted as master of ceremonies, his assistants being Fathers Collins, Melbourne, and Cornes. Fatljer Alfred, C.P., was assistant to tbe Bishop of Port Augusta, and Father SIcKillop, S..T., to the Bishop of Wilcannia, while the Very Rev. Father Norton, V.G., of Port Augusta, was the assistant priest to Dr. Kelly. The Very Rev. Father Enright, Administrator of the Port Adelaide District, was also present. The ceremony began immediately with the vesting cf the consecrating Bishop, the Bishopelect. and the assistant Bishops at the Altar of the Sacred Heart, and for over three hours the sanctuary presented an imposing spectacle, whether the gorgeously robed prelates were in repose or moving about, as the ceremonials demanded. The consecrating prelate sat before the centre altar, and the Bishop-elect aud assistant Bishops having saluted him they sat down, and almost immediately the senior assistant Bishop rose and said to the consecrating prelate—" Holy Church demands that this priest present be raised to the episcopate." Then the consecrating prelate asked if he had the Apostolic Briefs, and the assistant Bishop replied in the affirmative. It was commanded to be read, and this was done aloud before the whole congregation. Tlie Bishop-elect then genuflected before the consecrating prelate, and read the oath, word for word, given in the ritual. An examination was then begun. This has been commanded by the Holy Father, in order that he who is chosen for the rank of a Bishop be first diligently examined concerning the faith of the Holy Trinity, and be interrogated upon the different titles and morals which are befitting such government, and are necessary to be kept up according to the saying of the apostle, "Be thou not hasty in oonsecrating any man," and for this purpose also, that he who is about to be ordained may be instructed how he is bound to demean himself when established in this rule within the Church of God. Lastly, in order that they who give the consecrating imposition of hands may also be irreprehensible. The following are some of the questions:— " Wilt thou by word and example teach the flocks for whom thou art to be ordained in that which thou understaudest from Holy Scripture':" To which comes the answer, "I will." "Wilt thou uniformly render to Peter the Blessed Apostle, to whom was given by God the favour of binding and loosing, and to his Vicar Leo XIII., the present Pope, and to his successors. Bishops of Rome, faith, subjection, and obedience according as the cauons enjoin?"—"I will." " Wilt thou for the sake of the Lord be easy of access and pitiful to the poor, to the stranger, and to all that are in needi"—"'I wiil." After the examination, the mass of the day was begun in different chapels, and continued down as far as the Epistle. After the Epistle the Bishops conducted the Bishopelect once more before the consecrating prelate in the centre of the altar, and the consecrating prelate said to him:— "It is the Archbishop's office to judge, to interpret Scripture, consecrate, to ordain, to olfer sacrifice, to baptize, and to confirm." Then all knelt while the Litany of the Saints was chanted, but the Bishop-elect lay prostrate meanwhile at the left of consecrating prelate. This prostration was typical of the fulness of self- sacrificing life and humility which should inspire the new prelate. After the Litany and prayers appointed all turned towards the altar, and the " Veni Creator" was intoned. After the first verse the consecrating Bishop Bat and anointed tbe head of the elect, who was kneeling before him, with holy chrism, forming the sign of the cross on tbe crown, and then anointing the remainder of the crown of the bead, saying:— "Be thy head anointed and consecrated in the ordor of High Priest by heavenly benediction in tbe name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost." Next the hands 'were anointed and bound up with white linen by the coneecrating prelate. Then he blessed tbe crozier and gave it to the elect, who was kneeling before him. After the offertory the consecrating prelate again sat. and the Bishop - elect presented him with two lighted torches, two loaves, and two barrels of wine. Each of these portions of the ceremony had its special significance. The chrism with which he was anointed was a mixture of oil and balsam, the oil signifying purity of conscience, and the balsam the sweet odour of a good name. The crozier which was handed to him is the emblem of his pastoral office, while the ring was the emblem of his priestly office and of the union between the Bishop and his Church, just as the book of the Gospel is the emblem of his teaching- office, and tbe bread and the wine were typical of the essentials of life, while the wax candles were the mystic representation of the sacrifice which the Bishop made of himself to the Churoh. The mass was then continued by the Bishopelect and consecrating prelate at the same altar. At Communion they partook of the same host andjof the same chalice. Towards the conclusioroof the Holy Sacrifice the mitre was blessed and put on the head of the Bishopelect. He was then conducted by the assistant Bishops through the Church, and imparted his blessing to the people. The newly consecrated gave the solemn Pontifical blessing at the end of mass. The whole ceremony was concluded by the Te Dourn being sung by the choir, which also rendered Gounod's solemn high mass under the direction of Mr. W. Gordon. 