ABOVE EVERY NAME. SERM:ON BYI RIV. GERSOti0 GREENs-, HOUGH, M;A. (Condensed.) "Wherefore God also hath highly exalted Ilil and given IIIm a name which is above every nsme: that at the name of Jesus \every knee shall bow."--P'hil. IL. 9.10. (Concluded from Last Week.) THE ONLY POSSIBILITY OF UNION. Now, in this adorable Name, lifted above every name, mark that there is one binding force in the midst of the divided nations and peoples. It is slowly bringing the nations together, but I cannot dwell upon it. Especially, it's tile one and only possibilty of union and united labor in the Church of Christ. Names are mighty, both in dividing men and In uniting them, but far mightler, thasn uniting there,welding the?m into one maln, malting their hearts throb together as the heart of one. An army is consolidated by a name, andt multitudes clasp hands in brotherhood under the magic of a name. Differences and disputes, . class distinctions and envies, moral and intellectual barriers. are :swept aside like a filmy web by de votion to a Name, and tisis Name "is :above every Nalme," surely my brethren. we are all feeling this - all Christians, at least-in that sense of unity which is taking masterful posses sion of us. Whence has it come? Surely it is because the Church has been of late persistently lifting the Name into pre-eminence-I mean lift ing it above every sect, party, school of thought, system, creed, and creed makers, and theologies, even because tile Chu, nlsl is feeling again, as ill the apostolic days, tle transcendent power of the Name. It is because of that that tlh-re has iome into every branch of the Church a profound longing, a sigh like the groaning of a new creation -a desire for onlness. The lifting up of the Name and I.he lonbi.lg for one ness are cause andti effect: and that whichll Itas produ:cd tile loengini will inevitatbly bring about Ithe gran'iLd realis ation. Everything else. my frienlds, think., divides. Creeds divide; it is the Name only tlhat unites. If. in the midst of all the tumult of diff.rences, you say--"What think ye of Christ?" there will first be the hush of a great awe anud a sihamed silence, and then all voices will break forth in one glad, har monious confession. Hlle is te TVay, the Truth, and tile Life; lie is all an-I in all; He is the chief among. ten thou sand and the altogether lovely;" and we shall be all ontt- when w," all realise that lie is the Eind. of all d,'sire, thi. Crown of all hapte, the Sun of all faith, the Centre and Soul of all worship, the one .furnace fire of love, kindling love in all, the one adorable .?eing, Rtlloses Name is so far above every name, of sect and parry, that to mention theis in the samen bsriats is an irreverence. We shall all be one, indeed, as sojon as we mtalke: it the -gneat object of our en= deavor not to plesers'e and exalt our Owei function, ilatt-es. o nd dignities, ea~y to pulsh oar views into prominence, not even to multiply and mn gnify our ovwn chiurches; but to get lis power felt. His will done, His healing :tnd salva.titn' spread, His all-subduing love made mnanifest. Ti-hen wsill all oar home nais sion work. and our foreigs mn!sion work. too, be re-baptised with tile l-Tol Ghost, and with power when we have lifted H!is Name above everything els that we feel iand hold fdear, and put it where God hatit exalted it-"above every name." TIHE GRAND INSPIRATION, Now we have here tile grand inspira tiol, that we need for our work, in thI joy that the Name, the supremasey of whicil we are sceing to-day; and out unquenstioning belief tihat it will get fat itself universal obedience. There is ali the insiliration which the Church need for its onward matrcih in its fight witl darkness and sin, and all the sour ces of pIrayers and longing, earnest laboel and self- sacrificing zeal. My brethren the Apostle has surely told us here tiu secret of iris own magnificent devotion and sustanied energy, sand lie has tok us iu- re in. brief the story of all tholt who, with him, went forth for the Namne's sake, as we read. To him t( have the Name was quite wonderful; ii was mnore than wonderful. It was un utterably deal', a very sacrament os mystery and grace; it maade his heaml" beat whenever he heard it; it set ihi: lips quivering whenever hie saw it; i1 wvas wsritten upon every fibre of his be ing, burnt in letters of fire on every thought and emotion; it represented al that he hoped for, all that made life worth living, all possible joy here ane beyond the gr\ave: it was so sweet to ut ter it, so sweet to sound it in the e-a. of others, to spread the savor of it abroad, and to see eyes gleaming a: they heard of it-the power of the Namn over ihim and them. Mfoiteover he believ' ed. eind all those who labored with hin believed, beyond. a doubt, beyond the whisper of a fear, that this Name wouhl and must get to itself universal power "At the Name of Jesus every knee shai bow." It was :a profound conviction em bodied In that in:lgaificent assertiol that sent all these men out to their aw ful, lonely, majestic, and apparently un successful conflict with the world tha steadied them in failure and charge< them with indomitable purpose, tam mnade their faces all aglow with antici pated triumph. They were petrfeetl sure that everythling would yield to this Principalities and powers, thrones aint dominions, spiritual wickedness in higi places and in low places, superstitition: and religions, and all moral and inteli lectual and material forces, would slow ly yield to the power of the cross ant sway of the Name. Tnese two things the sweetness of the Name to them, an( their conviction of its irresistible poswe in the world, made them preachers workers, missionaries, made them fear less, enthusiastic, Tervent, untiring, per sistent, and give them their victor over the world. And, my brethren amnd sisters, we shall all share their sympa thies and thoughts and purpose and con fidence, too, to the very full so far as we hIave grasped, as they have done, the im port of the Name. First, oh first, is it a power in your ow-n hearts Do yot believe it yourselves? fHow much is it to you?-Is it true as you often sing- Sweeter sounds than musle inows, Charm me in Emanuel's name? Is it true as you often repeat Nor heart can sing, nor tongue can trame Nor can the memory find A sweeter sound than Thy blest Name, 0 Saviour of manSind? Is it dearer to you thanf all the names oa pomp and splendour and human ambi tion? Is It dearer--Iam afraid to ask it yet it ougiatto be-than mother, ifle, and child? Does it suggest to you all that Is best in life? Is it a name that you svould willingly suffer for and rathet die than deny? Would your memory lose its most precious tireasure5 if this Name were gone? Would your hopes fail and sinlk out like some flickering lamp burnt down to its last drop of oil If thts'Name were forgotten? Would all the world grow suadenly dark, and something shoot through your hearts as if they were about to break if this Name were lost?' Does it mean thkt to you ? And it means'all that to thousands.Then you wrill want to say not In rhetorio, but in sober seriousness, and not in passing gusts of emotion, but with an abiding purpose, . .. 1I grious St lourrasd my God, Asslst me to preclasm, And spread through all-the enrth abroad, The honor of Thy Name. And do you believe as the Apostle de clared there, and as the Apostles be lieved,.because it would have been the utmost treachery to their Lord to doubt it, do you believe, as every devout Chris tian moist. believe, that this NHame sill have unquestioned and absolute sever eignty and supremacy in-this world, that it:ill no longer .coininiinle to divide the world as it does nosw vvith other forces the forces of darkness iand siri and other mhsters, but .will possess, as it already eli0nls; the whole? Do yjiou belieoeS that every other name, though revered and hdnored by millions nowv; twill be lowered that this may be all in all? If you be liev6 it-I will not insult your faith by saying "if"-you do believe it. For woh that h:s any partin this Name canll ever aba:te one jot of that mighty hope and assurance? You are false to His Divin ity and you make playthings of all His promises if you talk of that with bated breath and whispered humbleness. Your faith is only a trembling apology if it fancies that other masters and other powers will continue for ever to divide the world with your crucified and risen Lord. And your allegiance to Him is not werth the breath that expresses it unless you claim for him the coming mastery over every heart and crownstim Lord of All. And if you believe that then you will pray for it. You will do something more, you will labor to make your prayers effectual. You will speed it on, you will thank God for every sign of its coming nearer, you will have a profound interest'in every assault made upon that kingdom of darkness which girds around the kingdom of our Lord. You will need no urgent and reiterated appeals such as are mide at collection llimes, and such as weary the mant who has to ntmale them to bring out your measured, and . stinted sympathy and support. Your hearts will be filled with the raving compassion of- Christ; you will be at least touched with the fire and fervour which sent the worlkers down into the slums of the city and the missionary out to hisr life of Ioneliness and cross-bearing, and ryou will have : live and large part in that grandest aim and object of every live church, tile hope of the time when the Name shall Irave brought music to every heart as it ils It yours, and e]lere .every knee shall bow under the thiells of its sub duing mastery. 