PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. God Bless the Master of This House. BY GEO. R. SIMS, Author of "Tales of To-day," "How the Poor Live," "Dramas ot Life," etc. COPYRIGHT. It was Ave o'clock on the evening of the 24th of December when Mr. Augustus Tarboy, who had been out marketing, arrived muddy and puff ing in front of his residence, No. 21 Kay-street, Brunswick Square. "Thank goodness!" said Mr. Tarboy. " 'Be lt ever so humble there's no place like home' " especially when you've made yourself a beast of burden, and you're sixteen stone by the Auto matic Weighing Machine at King's Cross Sta tion, and there isn't a cab to be had for love or money." Having relieved himself of this expression of gra titude and its accompany ing explanation, Mr. Tar boy stepped three .paces ¡back on the pavement, and admiringly surveyed the * front of his mansion from basement to roof. "Mine!" said Mr. Tar boy, mopping hi* brow, "and Maria's, God bless her!-and a home for any man to be proud of." The 'blinds were already down all over the house. There was a bright light from the gas in the kit chen, and Mr. Tarboy noted it. "There she is, down there, God bless her!" he said, "a-working and a worrying and a-getting my tea, and her head full of to-morrow. Augustus Tarboy, you've got a wife In a thousand-you have, my hoy, and I hope you're 'becomingly grateful. Maria, God blesis you !" Mr. Tarboy kissed his hand affectionately at the drawn kitchen blind, and then he brought his eyes up to the ground floor. There waa no gas there, but the ruddy firelight danced and flickered through the lowered vene tians. . . "'Everything ready for ?me in there," he said. "The armchair wheeled up to the 'fire, the kettle on the trivet, the table laid, my pip© and 'baccy brought up and put on the mantelshelf, and a vase full of new-made spills ready to my hand, l'on aa sure of lt as if I'd 'been Inside and looked. What a wife I've got-what a wife!" ILifting his eyes in thankf ulness to the sombre .skies. Mr. Tarboy's atten tion was arrested by a dim light in a room on the third floor. . "¡Poorgirl-poor girl!"he said; '.'there's'the skeleton in my cupboard this happy Christmas Bye r- there's the ghost as'll be at any banquet to-morrow! Poor girl-poor, lonely little girl!" Mr. Tarboy shook his head mournfully, and, mounting the steps of his residence, knocked an apologetic knock on the front door. Aa he did so he glanced at the fanlight, in which a jet of gas was burning in a pink glaiss globe, " and caught i3lght of a email .bust of Charles Dickens, which occupied a post of honor in the centre.. Mr. Tarboy deposited his par cels on the top step, and raised his hat to tho bust. "Xn love and humble duty, sir," he said, "at this season of the year, which if ever a man un derstood it3 lessons and taught them to the world, you did, sir. (And may all in this house humbly fol low your example." . Thu door onened at that moment, and a stout, comely, .middle-aged -woman stood staring at Mr. Tarboy. . ' "Good gracious, Augustus!" she exclaimed, "wthatever are you-doing standing without your bait in a wind that's flt to perish you? It'ß enough to-give, ona rheumatics in the head to look at you!" "It's all righjt, Maria. I was taking off my hat to: the bust of 'Dickens, and thinking of 'The Cricket on the Hearth.' " "'Cricket on the Hearth!' " said Mrs. Tarboy; "you look more like neuralgia on the doorstep. Come in, do!" . >MTB. Tarboy gently but firmly dragged Mr. Tar boy in by. the collar af his overcoat. "When the door was closed, he, catching slgihit of a bunch of mistletoe, which was suspended in the centre of the 'hall, put his laden annie as far round the comely dame aa they would go, and pressing her to his bosom, 'gave'her a hearty kiss. "Maria," he eaid, "lt ls our ¡first Christmas Eve in our own home; God bless you. Maria, and many of 'em." . ?' * * ' * ., ,'.'* Augustus Tarboy was on the 'wrong side of flfity, and Maria was forty-five. Their romance had commenced over twenty years ago. In those days Augustus Tarboy, a allina, good-looking young fel low, had fallen madly in love with Maria Twem low, a young housemaid who had recently been engaiged hy Lord Farndale's housekeeper. Maria was a pretty, genteel girl, and Augustus, who was his lordship's valet, thought he had never seen such a .perfect creature before. Being of a shy and bashful nature--noit a common complaint with nöhleraen's valets-Augustus loved for some imonbhs in secret; but at last he euinrmoned up courage to inform Maria that she had won his heart. They were returning from evening church toge ther when Augustus made his tremlbling confes sion, and it was in> the very darkeît part of the long avenue of elms leading up to the famous old mansion in Surrey wihich had been the Farndales' ever since the days of James I. The youngwoman listened for a marnent in blank astonishment; for, like imost bashiful men, Augus tus had plunged into his subjecit without any pre Tiny Tim. "The father, with, at least, three feet of comforter, exclusive of the fringe hanging down before him, and his threadbare clothes darned up and brushed to look seasonable, and Tiny Tim upon his shoulder. Alas! for Tiny Tim; he bore a little crutch, and haa his limbs supported by an iron frame."-Charles Dickens's "Christmas Carol" i .= . liminary remarks. But when Maria Twemlow realised that the good-looking young valet was of fering her marriage she igav© a little gasp ana said: "Oh, please don't-please don't say any inore!" and imade a dash for the house, leaving Augustus crestfallen and trembling, with nothing to distract his thoughts but the sighing of the night wind and the cawing of the rooks. But the next day Maria Twemlow came upon Augustus, iwhen he was alone in the library arrang ing his lordship's .papers, and there, in a sweet, womanly way, begged him to think no more of her, as a 'marriage between them was impossible. Arid when Augustus, with tears in 'his eyea, begged her to reconsider her debenmination, she felt á great pity come into her heart for his hopeless love, and confessed to him the secret of her life. She had been married two years previously to a man whom she had believed to be a well-to-do young f ell ow, but after six months of married life in London she had discovered that her husband's well-to-doness arose from his participation in the profits of a. series of frauds. One fine day John Laxton left ihis home. The,, next time his young .wife saw him. he -was standing with two of ibis associates in the clock at the Old Bailey, and the result of his trial >was that he re ceived a sentence of 'fourteen years' .penal servi tude. Thus it was that Maria, who had no friends or relatives, had to , turn out again and earn her living. She saw that all chance of doing so in domestic service, to which she had been brought up, would be denied her if it was known that her husband was a convicted criminal, so she re sumed her maiden name of Twemlow, and a former mistress having kindly interested herself on her behalf, she obtained a situation as house maid at Parndale Court. Augustus promised that he would respect the young woman's secret, and he kept his word. But he was more desperately in love with , her than ever, and presently the knowledge of his loyal devotion touched the heart of the unhappy wife, and he found that she was returning h!s affection. Then the situation grew painful to both of them, and Maria said that she must leave. That Augustus would not hear of, so he cut the Gordian knot by giving notice himself. One day the young valet and the young house maid bade each other a tearful farewell. But aa' he held the young wife's hand in his Augustus vowed that he would always love her, and that he would be faithful to her memory, and that no other woman should ever supplant her In h lu affections. And so the years went on. Maria remained at the Court, and Augustus went to London, obtain ed another situation, and prospered. From time to time the lovers saw each other,,and talked as friends. John. Laxton, before his sentence had expired, was released on a ticket of leave, and found his wife. She gave him her savings, and bade him leave her in peace. He took the money, and went back to London, where in six months he was once more in the hands of the law. But at last the bar that stood betweeu tho hap piness of the faithful couple was removed. John Laxton, who had spent most of the intervening twenty years in gaol, died of consumption in the Prison Infirmary, and Maria Twemlow was a free woman. - Augustus was abroad with his master at the time. On his return to England the news reach ed him and he hastened to Farndale Court, where the young housemaid was now the middle-aged housekeoper, and once more offered her his hand and fortune. And in due time the man and woman who had waited so long for each other went to the altar, and were made happy at last. Augustus Tarboy was fifty-one and Maria forty five? when they ibeoame man and wife. Both had money sxved-Augustus had a igaod deal-and so uh ey , took a house in iKa,y-street, Brumwick ¿quare, furnished it neatly, and arranged to le., eft a portion of it in apartmenta. They had euter . ad. into possession six on on this ago. This was the flr.3t Christmas of their ¡married life-the first, a.-? Augustus put it when he saluted ihis buxoin l ittle w.ife under the mistletoe, that they had paused "under their own. roof." Mr.. Tarboy liad finished his tea, and sat In his easy 'chair smoking bis favorite pipe, with' his slippered feet on the fender, love in li is hear t, and admiration in his eyes. Thelovo and the admiration were both for his wifo, who had dis played the most remark able skill in the adorn ment of their dining room. Augustus declared that with a bunch of hol ly and some evergreens she had converted it into a fairy-bower, and when she told him of the pre parations she had made for their first Christmas dinner Augustus became almost reverential. The first Christmas Day in their own home was to be celebrated in quite "ba ronial" manner. The term was Mr. Tarboy's, and came of long connection with the landed. gentry. Mr. Tarboy had invited several of his own rela tives, and Maria had in vited two of her former fellow - servants at the Court-two who" had mar ried recently and had* set .- tied in London; and they were going, to bring; their husbands with themJ ' 'Ah ! " ' said Mr. Tarboy, "it'll be a happy Christ mas, Maria; the happiest I've known for twenty years, my dear." "Yes, dear," said the little woman, putting a plump arm round her hus band's neck and kissing the upturned face tender ly, "and the happiest that I've known,' too. Christ mas was always a miser able time at the Court for me, and it was raiserab'e for everybody after poor Mr. Hugh and his Lord ship quarrel!ed five years ^ aço and Mr. Hugh left the Court, and we never saw him and never heard of him rcain." Poor young fe'low!" ex claimed Mr. Tarboy. ' "1 only knew, him as a boy. I don't- think his Lordship ever loved the lad, though he was the only son. Ho cost his mother her life, you know, Marla, when ho came into the world, and his Lordship was never the same man after it. Many a time I've seen him sitting opposite her Lady ship's portrait as was .hung over- the fireplace In his bedroom, and looking at it with tears In his eves. And sometimes when the fit was on him, I've known him.pace tho rpom like, a madman;' and say things aloud.-, that ..would have been-blas : phemy against the . will of ; Heaven, Maria, if it hadn't been that it was his heart crying out in agony,; and not his Hps speaking- in anger." . "Yes, I suppose it was that made him turn against the boy," said Maria, with a sorrowful , look, in her eyes; '-but :it made our hearts ache for. the poor young gentleman, the way his father treated him as he grew up. They used to say at the Court that his father : had never kissed his : son and heir, or given, him one f atherly . caress, from the day he was . born. And so when he grew up Mr. Hugh seamed to hate'tihe place. When ho .was at home, andr became wild in hie ways, we servants used to say that it wasn't to bo wondered at, poor young gentleman !" "Maria, may'dear," said Mr. Tarboy,. ".put some more coal on the fire and stir up a'blaze; it makes me cold to think of such'things at Christmas time. I suppose there's no doubt that Mr. Hugh Js dead, eh,-Maria?" . . . .? ?'? i "I'm afraid heanust.be," answered Mrs. Tarboy, stirring till the bright flajmes roared up the chim ney. "lt's five years since 'he left the'Goàirt in anger, aifter a terrible scene with his Lordship, vowing he'd never enter the place again "while his father lived. From that'hooir no word ever, oaine from him, and now the old lord's Obeen^dead .three months, and the heir's been .advertieed-jfor;; and the lawyers have been hunting for him all o/ver the world-eo Mrs. Millet,, that was upper bouse maid there at the time, told me the other day and Mr. Hugh's never made a sign." "Yee, of course he must be dead," replied Mr. Tarboy, knocking the ashes out of his ¡pipe. "He'd ha' come back and claimed the estates by this time it he hadn't been. Let's talk o' something else more Christmassy, Maria. It ain't the Bort of fch'ng to have ¡hovering over your domestic hearth with the carollers outside a-singing God bless the master of this house, God bless the mistress too. And ali the little children That round the table go. I shall have to go out and give 'em a shilling and ask 'em to go away. Ah! thank goodness, they've finished. They jarred. Maria. Your talking about, his Lordship and poor Mr. Hugh got on my nerves, my dear. Fancy a Christmas carol jar ring in a home that has a bust of Charles Dickens in the fanlight of its hall. It ain't right. Maria, it ain't right." Mr. Tarboy rose and naced the room, and Mrs. Tarboy gave a great gulp, and seen ed Inclined to cry. "I'm so sorry, Augustus dear," st whispered. "I ought to have know how tender- hearted you are." Augustus Tarboy passed his han across his eyes and exclaimed "It's gone, Maria; the vision of dc mestlc misery, and the silent room of Paradale Court is banished. Don' let's speak of it again. Hullo what's that?" . Mr. Tarboy started, and Mrs. Tar boy opened her mouth in astonish . men. The front door had been sud . denly pulled to. Mrs. Tarboy wen to the head of the kitchen stairs, am called out sharply "Sarah !" and i voice from below answered, "Yes ma'am." Mrs. Tarboy came back again tc her husband. "It isn't Sarah," she said. Then she gave a sudden start. "Good gracious, Augustus," she exclaimed, "it must be our third floor!" "Never!" exclaimed Mr. Tarboy. "Why, she's been too weak, poor thing, to go out for days past; and . for her to do. it such a bitter night as this. Go up, ¡Maria; go up at once." Mrs. Tarboy went up to the third floor as fast as she could, and came down panting. "It's her, Augustus," she said. "Oh, go after her at once and bring her back. It's death to her to be out on a night like this. She must be mad." Mr. Tarboy put on his hat and overcoat, and Sarah, hastily sum . moued, came rushing up with ]? his boots. A minute later he was; out in the street, staring up and down, and wondering which way the "third floor" had gone. Presently, as his eyes became ac customed; to the cold blue haze which had come on with the night, he saw a policeman standing, under the lamppost at the next corner; He ' went across and asked him if he had seen a young woman come out of No. 21\. The policeman said he had, and she had gone up the street towards Brunswick Square. ' Mr. Tarboy turned up his coat col lar, for the wind was biting shrewd ly, and walked in the direction indi cated. The square was deserted, but in almost every house the lights . were burning brightly, and the sound of merry voices floated out now and again upon the quiet night. Suddenly a woman's voice rose sweetly from the darkness beyond. It was a rich contralto, but it trem bled now and aftain as it sang the grand old carol, "God rest you, mer ry gentlemen." Mr. Tarboy knew that voice in a moment. He had heard it first a month ago when Miss Ruth Hel more, who said she was an actress, bad taken the modest room on the third floor. Miss Helmore had gone out daily, and spent the evenings in her own room, which Mr. Tarboy thought was odd for an actress, but sometimes in the evening they heard a beautiful voice Ailing the house with melody, and Mr. and Mrs. Tar boy had agreed that Miss Helmore must be a young lady who sang on the stage, but was temporarily out of an engagement. Gradually Mrs. Tarboy, in her ; kind, motherly ; way, had won the young lady's heart, and had gather ed that their surmise was correct; and ¡Mrs. Tarboy had inspired suffi cient confidence also to ascertain that Miss Helmore was really a young wife, but that her husband was "away," and she had been sing ing at the theatres as a chorus girl in his absence. And Mr. and Mrs. '. H Tarboy, talking their "third floor" lover, had long ago come to the con clusion that Miss Helmore was very unhappy and very poor, and that she ?wns enine out dav after dav to trv to get something to do t" ause sne wus rapidly approaching ti-w end of her elender re sources. This idea was confirmed when at the end of the third week Miss Helmore, with a white face, came to her landlady and stammered out a plea for a little time. She was hoping to get an en gagement every day, hut for the present she was not prepared "to pay up her book" with the punctuality generally insisted on by London land ladies. Mrs. Tarboy told Augustus, and Augustus, who had been struck with the girl's ladylike demeanor and evident distress, requested Mrs. Tarboy not to worry the poor young thing, but to take every opportunity of making her comfortable. And 6o Mrs. Tarboy had done her best to comfort and cheer up the penniless "third floor." But both husband and wife had noticed that their lodger was getting ill, and that she was scarcely in a condition to take an engagement if she succeeded in getting one. They made up their minds that worry and want of sufficient nourishment were at the bottom of Miss Hel more's ill-health, and they tried their best to re lieve tha siUuitlon. But the girl was proud and they hardly dared to do what they would bave liked to-to mead for their own doctor and supply h«r 'With, the -wine and nourishment she undoubt edly needed. Mr. Tarboy had quite taken his "third floor's" misfortune to heart, and had built a romantic story of love and sorrow around her. He felt sure that it was another case of a bad husband and a deserted wife, and it was the reflection of the dim light on the third floor blind that had been the one bitter drop in hiB cup of happiness, as he gave off his cheery Christmas sentiments on the doorstep that evening. "Good gracious!" cried Mr. Tarboy, as he recog nised the beautiful voice of his "third floor," "she must have gone suddenly out of her mind! She's delirious, and thinks she's at the . opera. She can't be singing in the streets in her sober senses." He hurried in the direction of the sound, and there he saw Ruth Helmore shivering and trem bling In the roadway, and singing. A window opened, and there was the sound of a coin striking "All in a Garden Fair." the pavement. Ruth Helmore gave a great shiv er, but stepped forward to pick it up. As she did so she reeled, and would have fallen to the ground if Mr. Tarboy had not managed to reach her side in the nick of time, and put a strong arm round her waißt. "My dear young lady! My dear Miss Hel more!" he gasped. "What on earth are you thinking of?" "Oh, don't, don't!" said the girl, bursting into tears. "I-I owe you money, and I must pay it I must earn it. I haven't a penny in the world. I heard the carol-singers to-night. I opened my window to listen, and I saw the people throw them money-shillings, and half-crowns-and I thought I might perhaps get some that way, too, and--". "Oh dear, oh dear! the very idea of it. And you ill as you are!-and"-glancing at the girl's thin dress and light cloak-"and not half wrapped up enough. You come home with me, my dear. You're going to spend the evening with Mrs. Tar boy and myself and have supper with us; and we'll talk about what you owe after Christmas when you've got an engagement." But there was' no sitting up when Mr. Tarboy got his trembling charge home. Mrs. Tarboy saw that bed was the best place for her, BO she help el her up to the third floor, made a big fire, put her to bed, and insisted on her taking a steaming bowl of cornflour with a wineglassful of whisky in it, and then when she was quiet and seemed to have got over her shivering Mrs. Tarboy sat down by the bedside and talked to her till the poor tired little chorus girl fell asleep. Then Mrs. Tarboy came downstairs and told her hus band all she had learned. "Oh, dear, Augustus, it's another sad story," Bhe said. "The poor girl's told me everything, seeing she had a real friend in me, Bhe said. She's a married woman right enough. I saw the ring below the keeper when she put her hand In mine, poor thing. Her husband's in trouble somewhere and can't get to her. I'm afraid it's gaol, Augustus, Indeed I am. She says he's a gentleman though he's a common soldier. It seems he enlisted owing to family trouble, and he met her at Portsmouth, where she was singing with a company, and fell in love with her straight away, and the poor foolish young people they got married. "She's a good girl, Augustus, I'm sure, and quite a lady. She told me her father was a doctor and was ruined and died in an asylum, and she de cided to go on the stage and use her voice for a Hying, because she had no friends and it was the best thing to do. They were happy enough for a year, and then her husband got Into trouble. She declares it wasn't his fault, but a sergeant in the regiment who hated him because he was a gentle man ranker grossly insulted him about her. Then, mad with rage, the young fellow seized the bully and thrashed him within an inch of his life in. the barrack square before half the regi ment, and he was tried for it, and sentenced and he's in the military prison now, and poor 'Miss Helmore says it will be two years before "he'll be free. She writes to him and he writes to her when he's allowed, but of course he can't send her, any money, poor thing. Isn't It sad, Augustus?" "Sad!" exclaimed Mn Tarboy, "lt's heart-break ing, Marla. Here's our first Christmas together, you and me, and a tragedy under our own roof. It'i all tragedies, Maria, and lt don't leem to have brought the Spirit of Christmas our war at all. That bust of Dickens In our hall, Maria I've hali a mind to take it down and put the mis tletoe on the fire as a holler mockery." Mr. Tarboy strode out into the hall and looked up half-reproachfully at the bust of the great novelist who is said to have invented the Christ mas of Charity and Loving-kindness, the Christ mas of the Hearth, the Heart, and the Home. And as he gazed it seemed to him that the cold face of the modelled clay relaxed into a smile and the lips of the master moved. It was only a gust of wind that had caught the gas in the pink globe and caused it to flare up and cast a pink reflec tion on the face of the bust, but it cheered Mr. Tarboy immensely. "Maria," he said, "I've banished thia viBlon of misery as I banished the other. Charles Dickana says it'll be all right. If there wasn't any misery in the world there'd be nothing for people to do on Christmas Day to show their gratitude for tha mercies vouchsafed to them. To morrow the 'third floor' has her Christmas dinner with us. She is the honored guest. Don't forget that. Marla-the honored guest," Oh Christmas morning the post man knocked at No. 21 Kay-street, and handed in some half-dozen let ters for Mr. and Mrs. Tarboy, which were Christmas cards from old friends, and one letter for Miss Ruth Helmore. "Oh, I am glad!" exclaimed Mrs. Tarboy, and she ran . off upstairs with It to the Invalid. Ruth Helmore gave a cry of Joy as she saw the envelope. She tore it open and read the contents, and then with a little hysterical cry flung up her arms and fainted dead away. When she same to herself Mrs. Tarboy was bending over her, bathing her head. "Oh," cried the girl, "I couldn't help lt. It-lt was joy. He's free -free-my husband-my darling! He's coming to me to-day-to-day. Oh, you will let him come here, won't you?" Mrs. Tarboy couldn't speak for a moment-the statement had quite taken her breath away. When she had recovered her speech she flung her arms around her "third floor's" neck, and exclaimed: "Come here, my dear? Why, of course. Where else should a husband be on Christ mas Day but with his wife?" And then she went off down two stairs at a time, with a heaving bosom and a palpitating heart, to tell Augustus the good news. "I knew it!" cried Mr. Tarboy, triumphantly; "I knew as that ex pression on the bust of Charles Dickens meant that everything would come right. Now, Maria, there's two honored guests round our mahogany this Christmas Day our 'third floor' and our 'third floor's' husband. What a dinner what a real Christmas dinner it will be! That bust won't have nothing to blush for under our roof, Maria. I'm not sure as I shan't take it down, and put it in the middle of the table with a wreath of holly and mistletoe round it." About 1 o'clock there was a knock at the door. Sarah, the maid of all work, answered it, as Mr. Tarboy was in the beer cellar, and Mrs. Tarboy was busy with the turkey. When Sarah came down she was in a state of great excitement. "Oh! mern," she said, "it was a young man as asked for the 'third floor," and said he was her 'usblng, and I showed him up as you sed, mern, and I 'ope I done right." "Quite right," said Mrs. Tarboy. Then she called out across the pas sage to the cellar, "Augustus,- he's come-Miss Helmore's husband's come." "Hooray!" replied a voice from the cellar. "God bless 'em both, and a merry Christmas to 'em! Maria, this is something like a Christmas Day!" Mr. and Mrs. Millett arrived about 1.30, and as dinner was not for an hour, Mrs. Millet and Mrs. Tarboy had scraps of conversation between whiles. Mrs. Millet, who had been married from Parndale Court, had the latest news to import. Among the late lord's papers had been found a letter to his son, in which he expressed his sincere grief for what he had done, and acknowledg ed that he had been to blame. It was the olive branch held out from the grave. Mrs. Tarboy shook her head. "Too late," she said, "too late. Mr. Hugh will never know. He io dead, too." , The other guests arrived, and din ner being quite ready, Sarah was Bent up to the third floor with Mr. and Mrs. Tar boy's compliments, and would Mr. and Mrs. Hel more please come down, as dinner was walting. Everybody was standing1 up in the dining-room when the door opened and Ruth Helmore stepped in. "Mrs. Tarboy," she said, "thia is my hus band. Mr. -" There was a startled cry, and Mrs. Tarboy and Mrs. Millet staggered forward together, and Mr«. Tarboy gave a little shriek. "Mr. Hugh!" she cried. "It's-it's-" Then she flopped down in a chair speechless, and Mr. Tarboy, looking in imminent danger of apoplexy, bowed respectfully to the apparition, and said, "Mr. Hugh! Am I dreaming or--" "It is no dream," said the young man, taking his young wife's hand and ßtaring round at the familiar faces in utter .bewilderment. "But, good gracious, Tarboy-and you, Marla-and you, Jane-is-is it a comedy-^or-or-whatever ar» you all doing here? This isn't Farndale Court and--" Then everybody spoke at once, and Hugh learnt of his father's letter of forgiveness and of his death, and that lor a month every effort had been made to find him. Then he Insisted on their all . sitting down to dinner, though Mi*, and Mrs. Tar-. boy and Mrs. Millet wanted to take theirs la the kitchen. And when he had made everybody at ease he told them how he had enlisted under a false name, and how he had been imprisoned and re leased only the previous day, two years before his time, for saving the life of a warder attacked by half-a-dozen prisoners, and how he had at once written to his wife, and come to London to spend the first day of liberty with her. And when the Christmas pudding was taken away and the dessert was on the table Mr. Tar boy rose and said: "With our humble respects, and long life and many happy Christmas Days to . my Lord and Lady Farndale, of Farndale Court. God bless them!" And the company drank lt with a respectful but hearty three times three and their humble duty, and while Mrs. Tarboy was dearin er awav for . tea, still out of breath, as well she might be, Augustus strode out Into the hall, and looking up ait the bust of Charles Dickens, bowed low to lt. To the day of his dearth Mr. Tarboy will be lieve that it was having the bust of the great Apostle of Christmas in his hall that brought the happiness of that Christmas Day about. How else could Lady Parndale have been singing for charity in the snow on Christmas Eve, and happy in Lord Farndale's arms on Christmas night, and she the day before only a poor little chorus girl out of an en gagement, and his Lordship a common soldier with two years'; imprisonment yet to run? ' .. * . * . That night, as Mr. Tarboy laid his head upon the pil low, he turned to- Mrs. Tar boy and said, ."Marla-the first Christmas under our own roof-and what a Christmas Day!" And outside a belated par ty of revellers woke the echoes of Kay-street with "God Bless tho Master of this House," and every wakeful ear beneath that master's roof caught the words; and re-echoed them in their heárts. (The End.) - 