[copyright.] - DAYS OF DAEER. Thrilling larratiies of the Bnshranging Keenan's Ghost. BY CAPTAIN LACIE. IN FIVE PARTS. PERIOD, 1846. , PART II. * If these trees could only talk,' mur \- .mured Keenan, * what a great deal more wo should know. That big fellow could; tell us all about the poor wretch beside it. At any rate, he couldn't have died of thirst,' he went en as he waded a. small creelt to continue his work. * There., is water enough about here to swim a ship if it was .all gathered together. They .say thirst is the worst kind of death to ineeti.but I suppose it's all the > same in the end. ItiSnight' have been hunger, though that's not very likely, as . - there is a little food about here—if one ban only get hold of it. . Surely, we're given it a Christian burial as well as wo conld, though it would have been all the better for the priest. r We can't help that now. I sed a prayer myself over the relics, and we are tonld the prayers of a good man availeth minch. Oonfonnd that sprig! Oh,.the curse of Cromwell on it i *Tia fifty feet long, an'bure I've bin cuttin* at it for five minutes. Are you there, Weeton ?' ' This was about the burthen of Keenan's soliloquies during the day. He kept Westou well at hand, and if the letter's axe failed to indicate bis whereabouts the' Irishman soon hailed him. The particu lar part of the district where the body had been found was the worst which (he surveyors had so far encountered, and slow progress was made. Every day or so the camp, which was well equipped, was .shifted nearer to the . terminus-of the track, and on the. day following the gruesome discovery it was carried to a point not- fifty yards from the monster stringy-bark tree, beneath which the bonea were laid. The men as a body were, not at all superstitious. Except the leader and Keenan, who, like Richard the Third, were more airaid of shadows at night than the substance of ten thousand men, the.others would as soon face a ghost as run away from it. Tnia was afaot which did much to ensure the harmony of the camp and stamp Edwards's party as the beBt for rough j wild work in the eolony of Van Dieman'a ' Land. During the day Keenan was a ghost in himself, but at night the cry of the curlew seemed to him a repetition of the Banshee's wailing, and he allowed imag^ ination to unsurp the place of reason. The ususl practice of a surveyor's camp is to have one regular cook, but in Edwards's this rule was departed from, and Walsh, Jones, and Keenan took, week about at the work. It so happened that the week follow-" tug tho diaoovery of the skeleton was Keenan's turn to act as chef, and like everything else he did it well. Un fortunately for him he was alone a eon-, siderable portion of the day, and the camp was in the immediate vicinity of the ' grave tree,'as the men termed it. His comrades were always in sonnd of ' the camp, and in nine eases ont of ten returned before dark, but frequently not until after twilight had set in. - ' It was on the evening of 7th May that Michael Keenan reoeived the shock which was so acutely telt that he deter mined to sever his eonneetion with the party and leave the service of the government. True, he was partly dis suaded from doing ao, but he managed, by the way he worked, to have the whole party transferred to another por tion of the eolony, a course which pleased all the men. Evan Edwards's supersti tion materially assisted towards that. The nun had set and the gloom of I * night was fast approaching. The deep . shadows momentarily growing darker were ereeping over the scene, and never •' before had Keenanlfelt the indescribable lonliness and solitude of the place. •By Heavens ! I should go mad if I had to apend twenty-four hours, in this locality by myaelf. 'It would .be worse thandeath,* by murmured. Never before had he.so missed the comfort of human .compaoionebip, and thongh he busied himself in makinp pre parations for hiB comrades' dinner—for the principal meal was in the evening— •—he could mot shake off the deepdepres sion which, like a nightmare, set upon "1 him. .. • * It's time they came, anyhow,' he mnrmored, walking frpm the cheerful looking fire on Which the camp-oven swung, and gftng to the aide of the track . which ran past the spot. Of course the first object on Whichliia eyes .rested was the giant tree whioh formed.ao.to apeak, i the'.. mammoth ^gliak which. sharked the Unknown's j-utod as hb looked he devoutly fjdLhimsfeU. - A,few' yards beyond L'lJv'16 track gave a itudden turn, to and he was about turningaway ointment when a figure turned the corner of living vegetation. ■ .. (That's Edwards, thank goodness.. . The others won't J>e far behind. Well, . everything' is ready, at all. events,' he said aloud, as if it were something sooth fn aJewneoonds the'taan was at the ] foot of the tree eagerly soanning around it,'and wKeenan looked in. indefinable " feeling nf horrorfilled'his heart. . His evpposM chief, was hone other : than the ghost of the buried 'corpse. There'was the bald hesd.and-as he turned and searched aboot.lhelriehman '. fancied 'he could see the scar acrossthe forehead and the sinister look. Tst it -■ was tiot qoite thessme, for a long beard now overgrew the face. . \ ' - . Keenan wis a brave msn except-where /:;Uie'supernatural was concerned, and for :. the llfe.dt himhecould not move from the -spot heetood on. and his tongue refused to act. Each moment he became more than everconvineed that it was no living man,'bot-the phantom of tlje ■ bones—or rather the ghost of the photo graph—whichhe was lookingon. : It moved abontnpiaeleasly and seemed to bo hunting for itsinisaing skeleton, \- for it went down -oh Its knees and ex amined the ground most, "minutely. Then it went to the grave and hade on, to ths track in. a few seconds.' " After : again examining the particular eppt \- where the bonea-hsd lain, theobjeet aprahg up noiselessly and silently plunged ' .into the dense bosh towards the west, . fcoldjng a akin'cap in its hand, and most' dearly revealing the bald head. A few momenta later Edwards, Jones, I Weston, and Walsh oame into eight, and j gave a cheerful coo-ee aa asalute to the; cook. It remained unanswered, and j when in a couple of minutes the four men came up, Eeenan wasatanding rigid i in the aame spot and looking as if indeed j he had seen a ghost. ; * What on earth is the matter, Mike ? Are you struck dumb or petrified ? What the deuce is the matter, I say ?'. asked Edwards. For answer Eeenan turned hie head in a stiff sort of a way as though hg were a i Marionette and worked by springs, and gazed with wide-open eyes on his chief. ' Is there anything amiss, Mike ? I hope you haven't got lock-jaw or any thing like that. What is the matter?' queried Edwards again. 'I'veseenst,' was the.short response' gasped out. ' 'What do you mean by iff Tell ub what you mean. Ton haven't seen a ghost, I suppose,' asked Edwards. ' Tel, I .have. I've seen the ghost of , the man w.e buried at the foot of the big tree there, just now. It ran away when; you oame along,' answered Eeenan in a feeble voice. j . A loud peal of laughter from Weston, Jones, and Walsh" g'reeted this state ment, but Ed wards remained as silent as; the strioksn Eeenan, and asked fori further information. 1 'I'm going to'be'a dead man soon, Ij know. Anyone who sees a sight like! that never lives long,' groaned Eeenan. | 'I tell you, I saw the ghost of that skeleton there not five minutes ago. I came here to see if you were coming, and a moment or two afterwards it came into sight there at the bend. Oping to the tree just at the spot we found the bones, it began to aearoh abont, and even went on its knees. It looked at the grave onoeand then searched again, but ran away when yon came along.' ■ Pan away, eh ? Ban away I That's good for a ghost. Ton should say it melted or floated away, Mike. Ghosts don't run away, you know,' interjeoted Jones most irreverently. ' Here, what have you got for dinner, Mike 1 Not phantoms, I hope. We want something more substantial than that, 1 can tell yon,'added Weston with a laugh. ^ * As sure as I'm standing afore you I am telling the truth. There it Was with the great bald head and the ecar across the forehead, only-there was a beard over the face. It held a fur cap in its hand, so I could easily see the head,' retorted Mike with conviction. , ' But ghosts don't grow beards, so far as I know,' replied Jones with a merry laugh. . * Ton forget that at the time the p^oto. was taken the man was shaved, as we ean tee there, but at the time of death the beard would most likely hare grown. In fact, in a locality like this, you will not find many barber's shops, and bushmen do not carry razors. In faot, Keenan, your description would be juBt what I would expect Jhe original of that photo, to develops into beforedeatb/remarktd' Evan Edwards iu a half convinced way. The three other men-did not care to openly rally their chief on the subject, but they ezohanged smiles and meaning glances with each other and went towards the fire in order to make pre Sarationa for the meal, aa they could see ieenan and Edwards were deeply inter ested in the apparition which had. bo unexpectedly appeared to disturb the harmony 6t the party. Eeenan continued to impress on the willing ears of his chief.what he had seen, and the surveyor began to believe bis statements as firmlyjis if he himself had eeen the spectre. Indeed, the ordinary reader of to;day who may chance to notice this as he sits in hie snug and cosy drawing-room with his family aronnd and police within call, may venture to scoff at Eeenan'e.fears as utterly absurd and improbable. Yet soma of the brightest intellects of the day are banded together in Psychological Research So cieties to try and discover the origin of the myBterious phenomena by which man is admittedly surrounded. Andlet that sceptical reader place himself in Keenan's position. • . . The Irishman had observed a figure whioh resembled the photo, found beside the skeleton. There, was no doubt of that, and it was subsequently proved. Moreover, the surroundings were awe inspiring. The solitude, the 'wilduess— the death of day—ail conspired to in fluence the human mind. Both Edwards and Eeenan had been brought up :to believe in folk lore,-in fairies, in banshees, and ghosts. It had seized on their minds, and deeply rooted as it was, there could-not he a doubt they both believed—one in the "evidence of his senses—the other in the evidence given -by his friend, and on whom he could 'rely. , ' .lb a sort of mechanical way Eeenan assisted to lay the rough but substantial dinner, and his mates seeing the look of perturbation and deep seriousness whioh overspread Ms-face, forbore to amnse themselves at his expense. Tet they were utterly sceptical on the Bubject. Not in the remotest sense could they imagine such a thing aa a ghost possible. Iiike Thomas of old,- nothing but the evidenoe—the visible and tangible evi dence of their own sense;—would, con vince them., It wss shortly after the' meal that Keened, who kept close to his comrades and Occasionally glanced round fearfully, said:. . j - . I am going lo leave to-morrow, air.: I couldn't stay another-day, for the place is haunted, and I know I'm marked. .We want some more stores. The corn beef is nearly run out, and. there'a only a week's ffour. If yon give me the order I'll get them sent on and anotfaet man in myplace.' This was quite unexpected and. most nnwelcome news for all the party. Eeenan was a universal favourite, and the idea of his leaving them was tantamount rebreaking up the camp -altogether. Before the chief, who was in a very silent mood, could reply, Weston aaid: • Ton -surely don't mean that, Mike. If you go 1 wouldn't care to remain, but] If it's it's the fear-of ghosts that's driving you away, I'll tell you What 111 do.- I'll go. andeleepat the fobt'of the 'grave tree' for the next week every night to let you tea it is all Tally about wraiths andphantomsandsuoh like.' ' 'So srilll,' interjected Jones. 'I'll do the aamO. There's nothing-in- jt at all.. Bosb I Ghosta, -indeed 1 - I* would like to see onB, or hslfo dozen, for that matter.'' Walsh addedhianewsonthequestion, which was of a eimHar'nature, but mine of the srgumentahad the leaat affect dh Eeenan, and Edwardsralherpntihe 'veto on their proposalswhenhestid: 1 , ' It'e no use you talking iike that. ' .Of oourae ghosts don't appear to -ayaryoha.. Il is only certain people that wre privi ledged to see them, and it is idways a had sign for thatperaon. I've made up my .mind hot to stop hare any longer. We hate done pretty well in this locality, and the Government should relieve ua. Iwill aak for a few monthB' ape Jot work in a settled district' where we can get proper food, and not be buried alive. J To-morrow morning we will break up camp and return to the-dep&t.;' This resolution wae a very abrupt one, but none of the men objected to it. Indeed,' non-aceptical as they were, Jones, Walsh, and Weston agreed that it would be unwise to destroy the belief in ghosts which possessed the mind of theirchief. The trio were justaa anxious as the two spectre-haunted men to ex change their wild rough life for thesame kind of work in . the settled parts. Already they had. been four months in the north-west district, and they oould fairly claim a change. Well, you should know best, sir,' spoke Weston artfully, when Edwards had concluded'. ' It may be as you say, and, of coqrse, because I have never seen a ghost, it is no argument that none exist. I quite agree with whatyouesy.' THo other two sceptios were alao con vinced that the locality might indeed be haunted, and in a few minutes there was quite a unanimous feeling in favour of going .away from the ill-fated Bpot at once. That night Walsh, Jones, and Weston took it in turns-to watch, for Edwards' and Keshan appeared to be in mortal dread of a speotraWistt. ' In the morning Jones reported that he fancied he saw a shadow moving round and round the big tree, but he was too much afraid to investigate the cause of the appearanoe. He furthermore de voutly thanked heaven that Edwards and Keenan had not accepted hiB offer to sleep under the tree. "This report-only hastened preparations for departure. Before leaving, Walsh, Jones, and Weston made a careful examination of the grave and its vicinity, and sure enough they found indications that some animal or other had been about the place. The soft earth of the mound had been partly trodden down and the tracks were much larger than any.animal in the region could , make. Indeed, they were not unlike the imprint of a man's foot if it were wrapped in cloth or in ekin, and the three men began to believe tbat Keenan had really seen some object. ' I have it,' exclaimed Weston, after a few minutes. ' There has been an aboriginal about here. Seeing the track he would come along it, and noticing the grave would no doubt examine it. That is what has frightened Keenan, but we mustn't say so or they may stop here some time longer. 'The blacks don't put anything on their feet or wear skin caps,' remarked Jones. 'The few that are left may do so, for they are partly civilised, and besides Keenan was in such a fright he would be likely to mistake what he really saw,' said Weston. ' And the bald head. I never saw an aboriginal with a bald head unless the fellow were scalped,' added Walsh. 'I tell you those things only existed in Keenan's imagination. The moment he saw the figure of course he concluded it must be the ghost of the dead man. You mBy depend when that came into his mind'he would not be able to think of anything else; Who else but a black— and a stray one at that—would come abouthere. The action, too, is just what a black would adopt. Seeing the newly turned earth in the dusk he would stoop to examine the place, and of course run away when he heard or saw ns coming along the track,' protested WeBton. His contention seemed reasonable enough, and as it was the only probable explanation of the mystery, it was then and there adopted by the three sceptios. On their return to camp, however, they greatly impressed Edwards and .Keenan by a narration of what they bad found. The tracks, they said, were sucb as no human being in the life would make, and there was no animal on the whole of Yan Dieman's Land that could leave such impressions. Something uncanny had happened they were convinced, and the sooner the party oleared away the better it would be. ■ \- The two pack-horses had already been loaded, and by nine o'clock Edwards and his party were turning their faces to the east after their fout^months exile in the north-western wildB. Many a, curious glance was-cast back at the haunted spot, and it was hours before the big stringy bark disappeared from view. The party had really done good work, and Edwards was quite justified in returning to settle ment, though it is quite probable he would have put in another eouple of months in the wilderness had it" not been for Keenan's ghost suddenly interrupting the operations. ■ ' As a matter of necessity, most of the food taken or eent along to the survey parties consisted of salt jonk, -piokled pork, and eueh like. -Some of this was of a villainous nature—thanks totlie want of proper supervision over the con tractors by the inspectors. Without vegetables the lot of the surveyors would hot have been a. pleasant or even healthy one, but the gnn was brought into fre quent use to get game either on land or water. * Even with this aid the health of the men suffered if they were kept in the bush too long, and hence a time limit was always placed upon operations in the far unsettled parts of the island. To Be Continued. 