THE WRECK OF THE MAITLAND. The Survivors A Parramatta Man Among the Rescuers. Mr. James Graham (of Messrs. Summons and Graham, Parramatta), has just returned from a trip to Brisbane Water. During his stay there the storm came on which resulted in the wreck — among other maritime dis asters — of the s.s. Maitland. Mr. Graham was early on the scene of the disaster, and the tale that he had to tell an Argus re porter on his return to Parramatta was thrilling in the extreme. "We were out fishing when the storm came on, on the Thursday," said the narra tor of the said story, '' and, after that, fish ing was out of all question for a time. My wife and I and our child (whom we had taken up for the trip for the sake of its health), were stopping at Mr. Murray's, Blackwall, some four or five miles inland from Cape Three Points, and on the Brisbane Water side of Broken Bay. We heard nothing of the wreck till Saturday Morning. Although a resident, McMasters, a neighbor of Mr. Murray's, had received tidings of the disaster on the previous even ing, strange to say, he had done nothing in the way of sending along the alarm or sending succor to those who might be in need of it. Our information came from Sydney to Mr. Davis, in a wire informing him that there was a vessel, apparently ashore on the coast, and asking him to take out what as sistance he could to her." Mr. Graham went on to tell how the local residents, warned, lost little time in getting astir. In a very short time two boats' crews were making down Brisbane Water. Mr. Graham had pleaded for per mission to come along ; and the captain of the expedition, after a little hesitation, and after warning the Parramatta man that he was going to undertake no light task, allowed him aboard. Mr. Tom McLelland, of Randwick, was also in the party. When the party had got along some distance —till they were almost abreast of Putty Beach— they left their boats, and started across country for the coast. The first glimpse they got of the open sea told a tale of what any vessel that had been out off that coast during the previous two days had had to go through. With A Terrible Roar the waves dashed in on the iron-bound shore ; and to a lay mind it appeared as if no ship going ashore thereabouts would have the ghost of a chance of holding to gether for an hour, or of landing one soul alive. The party made to the beach, and there they met a number of men who had drifted over to the coast out of curiosity. These men had not heard of the wreck ; but they had discovered a man's dead body on the beach. It was one of the firemen of the Maitland — the first man found. Mr. Graham and the new arrivals were shown where the body lay ; and to the former the sight Proved an Awful One. The corpse was stark naked ; and the head was split from the crown to the eyebrow. The party then proceeded to search for the vessel and any survivors who might be about the coast. They travelled along, surmounting various high headlands as they skirted the ocean's edge, and at last they saw in the distance the remains of The Ill-fated Steamer. When they had descended to the beach, at the furthermost extremity of which the Maitland had gone ashore, they met a num ber of men who had been saved from the wreck on the previous day (Friday). They were in a terrible plight. In their Battling to get Ashore, they had lost nearly every stitch of clothing, and they had been cut fearfully about the hands and legs. In many cases their faces were scarred and gashed, too ; and their half-frozen, bruised limbs were to a large extent swathed in flannelette, some quantities of which had come ashore. They had had nothing but a little drink, from the time of the disaster ; and they were, of course, in a wretched condition. They took the new comers to a little hut (already de scribed in the earlier stories with reference to the wreck, sent along by telegraph) where More Pitiful Sights still greeted the eyes of the Parramatta man and his companions. Under a bunk in the hut lay Mrs. Hammond, unconscious, and to all appearances dead. Her baby was still on the wreck. A fire in the centre of the hut burned and smoked, and the little comfort its warmth gave was largely discounted by the unpleasant effects of the smoke it created. In the hut besides Mrs. Hammond, were other passen gers and members of the crew, some very severely hurt through their terrible ex periences on the edges of the cruel jagged rocks between the cliffs and the steamer. Mrs. Brown was more severely knocked about than Mrs. Hammond ; but The Old Lady Bore it Bravely. A few of the men from the steamer were at another fire a little distauce off ; they had just been able to get it alight, after a night of terrible suffering from exposure aud cold. Mr. Graham pointed out that Mrs. Hammond's condition was so serious that no time ought to be lost in getting her to some place of comparative comfort where she could be properly attended to. A mattrass which had come ashore was brought to the hut, and holes were made in the sides to allow men to get a grip ; and some of the party started over the hills back to the Murrays', thus bearing the prostrate form of the still partly uncon scious lady. Mrs. Brown was too bruised and torn about to be able to walk up the terrible hill-side that had to be surmounted ; and Mr. S. Murray pluckily carried her in his arms That Awful Four Miles. What it meant no one else will ever know ; for because of her hurts the old lady had to be carried carefully, in one position ; her husband, who was with her, could give her no assistance. The others from the wreck, who could hobble at all, toiled painfully along after the bearers who (had charge of Mrs. Ham mond's litter ; and a strange procession it was, of wounded and weirdly wrapped wayfarers, making from the stormy coast to the houses of the settlers on the quiet shores of Broken Bay. The way was bad enough; but it was simple, compared with that by which Mr. Graham and his companion had reached the wreck. They had no knowledge at the time they started, where the scene of the acci dent was ; and they made for Putty Beach. Had they known where the wreck lay they could have got over to the coast by a path much easier to travel : but, as it was, their way lay through scrub, the denseness of which people in these parts have no con ception of ; and at times they had literally to crawl on their stomachs for long dis tances over the fern and bushes and bracken. Then a sudden dip — into some water-course, hidden by rank grass and coarse, sharp-edged rushes — would be reached ; and down they would be suddenly precipitated. And, hampered as some of them were with life lines and other impediments, it was small wonder that it was nearly noon before they got to their destination. Mr. Graham went back to the beach, where the survivors had camped ; and it was then suggested that the party should look for a woman's body which had been seen by one of them as they came over one of the hills. For some time the search re sulted in nothing ; and a hunt among the wreckage about was as fruitless. Then Mr. Graham noticed the body of A Girl in the Breakers, Her hair, rising on the crest of an incoming wave, looked like a mass of sea-weed, and it was some time before both men could assure themselves that they were really looking at a dead body in the tossing water. One lift of the surging sea, and the poor girl's arms stretched out, as if dumbly call for aid. No time was lost ; both men plunged into the surf on the beach and brought the body to the shore. It turned out to be that of Miss McNeil (aged 17 years). The corpse was clad in only one garment ; and the two men smoothed away a ledge, and reverently laid the body there. Then they made to the steamer, the remains, of which came into view as they rounded the headland. Mr. Davis and one of the Messrs. Murray had Pluckily Taken a Line out to the stern of the vessel, and the burly boatswain had come to shore, with the baby on his back, and Captain Skinner was just reaching the rocks. The poor little child was actually laughing and crowing with glee. By this time some other people from inland had reached the scene of the wreck ; and a little food was to hand. The babe was fed on some bread and butter, and then sent on, overland; to its mother. Then, all the lives having been saved, the rescuers returned. Mr. Graham speaks in the highest terms of the pluck and work of young Mr. Russell, of New castle (the hero of the hour), who, strange to say, notwithstanding his efforts to rescue others, was the only one of those who got off early from the steamer that escaped without a scratch. Some fishermen, from adjacent parts got amongst the cargo and drift stuff : and they had their fill of beer before the police came. There must have been 200 men on hand near Mr. Murray's place next morning, when the water-police arrived after a long tramp from Gosford. And when the officers called for a couple of volunteers to aid in carrying the corpse of the poor girl (Miss McNeil) over, there: was only one response — and that was from Mr. Murray. who had been terribly knocked up in his task of carrying Mrs. Brown over the high hill the previous day. ' No ' said one scoundrel 'I'm going over. —but for what I can get.' 'My word,' said Sergeant MeVane, of the police, to him, 'you hulking dog, let me see you touch a thing there and I'll put a hole through you.' Mr. Murray sought for men in his party and the two who had taken the line to the wreck on the Saturday helped the police to bring the girl over. Later on the corpse of the fire man was carried over too. The terrible sights he saw Mr. Graham says can never be effectually pointed in language oral or written. He had often wondered what a shipwreck might really prove to be like ; now he has seen one, he does not wish to see another. Words, he pointed out, can never paint the awfulness of the scene, give a true picture of the terrible character of the privation, exposure and suffering (physical and mental), of the sufferers at such a time, and Mr. Graham's earnest manner as he brings his narrative to a close carries conviction to his listener. Printed aud published by Thomas D. Little and Richard Stewart Rich ardson, solo proprietors, at their Steam Printing Works, Church and Mac quarie Sts., Parramatta. 