I THIS I HAUNTED I MOUNTAINS; I OB I COLONEL CODY'S SEARCH. I A ROMANCE OF THE WEST, I By COLONEL PRENTISS INGRAM, I " Author of the Mysterious Man in Blue." I CHATTER LI- — REVENGE. I . „»o if the three scouts flinched I A i); i- doom that had overtaken Jhem hut calmly looked at each other. I Codv «-<-c the first to speak, and he ad- I tne renee">=- . here chief, you have influence in this tribe, so use it to save my com- cannot I stretched my authority too far in delaying the day of revenge, and in saying that but three should now die 1 even told them that the Great Soirit had come to me in a dream, and Taid that thvee only should die now, the jthers being kept for a great day of the ' when the snows shpuld melt. I , n "v,,.,. 1 wanted to use all of you for a gam-' '.f my own, but had to let three co y on and the lieutenant are safe." ami our three unfortunate com- rad''arc doomed," sadly said Cody, while Lieutenant Seaford spoke up: "?W here, chief, I am not a poor man, and if Led Lightning will spare those men. I "ill send to the fort and get blankets, clothing and provisions for' him and his people." "I will ask him." And the renegade went apart and held an earnest conversation with the head chief. lint old Red Lightning was seen to shake his head, and then turn to the chiefs "f war bands. But they, too, shook their heads, and, returning, the renegade said: "It is useless. The chief says his people must have their revenge, and they ui e only sorry that all of you do not suffer to-day." "IL'ii't beg him for our lives, chief, for it will do no good," said Scout Pres ton. "Xii, we have to go," Cole added, while Wuliuce rejoined: ' Let us get ready, pards, for the red devils are becoming bloodthirsty." Cody stretched forth his manacled hards and grasped a hand of each scout in silent farewell, Lieutenant Seaford doing the same. Then the three men were placed against some trees side by side, and were bound there. The In dians opened an avenue before them, and behind them no one stood. The chiefs then circled round them three limes, the braves following their example and chanting a wild song as they did so. I'pon the little hill stood Red Light ning, the renegade, and several medicine chiefs, and in their midst were Colonel Cody and Lieutenant Seaford. They were stern-faced now, their lips hard set and their eyes burning with a fierce light as they bent them upon their doomed comrades, whom they were pow erless to help. The three doomed scouts did not wince at the preparations for their death, hut, lassoed to the trees at their backs awaited the appalling ordeal through which they must pass. The braves having circled thrice round the trio, passed to one side, and the young bucks followed, after which the women and children moved by, heaping upon them every indignity they could offer, ''It's harder for you and the lieutenant, chief, than for us to bear," called out .Scout Preston, while Wallace shouted: '"Only remember all this if you escape. Yes, don't forget what Indian revenge is. lieutenant, when you talk to the good missionaries East," cried Cole. "IS e will not forget," responded Cody; and as he spoke the young bucks took a stand in front of the prisoners, and at arr.iwshot distance from them. At the command of a young leader they began to shoot, and arrow after arrow was sent at its human target. And arrow after arrow cut the flesh, though none struck a vital part; for killing their foes quickly would not be sweet revenge long drawn out. The brave prisoners shuddered as an arrow would cut into the flesh, hut there was no outcry, no appeal for a mercy that was unknown. They had nerved themselves to suffer and be strong — to bear all and die like the true braves they were. Great beads of sweat stood out upon the brows of Lieutenant Seaford and Colonel Cody/though the day was very cold, and their faces grew haggard, their e.ves sunken, as they stood there and tvere compelled to witness the sickening Bight. The young bucks were then waved aside, the warriors took their places, and arrow after arrow was sent upon its mission to cut the "flesh hut not to kill, until at last human nature could bear no more; and, weakened by the loss of blood, the head of one of the scouts fell forward, another followed soon after, apd then, with a wild death- cry of de- epair, Scout Preston's soul also took its mght from its anguish- racked body. CHAPTER LII.— A SPECTRE IN CAMP. \- .,« "? 8 stories- -tLe Indians told of the mountains, beyond them being even told by the braves that they had seen these spirits riding about the range in which their visit was usual, and there were scores of Indians who asserted that a white horse and rider had ridden twice at night through their own village. In the whole tribe there was not an Indian who would have dared raise rifle or bow against the weird being in white, which they believed had come back from the happy hunting-grounds to per form some duty on eaj-th. The renegade chief had told his pri soners of these stories of the Indians, and furthermore had added that one night he had seen the spectre himself and had given chase to it, but he might just as well have tried to overtake the wind as the white horse he was pur suing. "I am not superstitious, but I would not like that white horse and rider to cross my path again— no, not for a fortune," he had said. This was the day before the death of the three unfortunate scouts, and Colonel Cody had made no comment, though he and his companions had listened to the recital of the renegade with deep inte rest. "When Cody and Lieutenant Seaford had seen their friends die, the scout had asked the renegade chief to allow them to bury them. "I dare not now; but to-night I will go with you, and you can carry them off out of the valley and bury them if you wish," he answered. Colonel Cody was only too glad to get the chance, and said to the lieutenant as they were being led to their cabin: "I only hope that he will go alone with us." Once in their log prison again the two men sat down dejectedly before the blazing fire, for the renegade threw on fresh logs before leaving them. They had seen the black looks cast at them by the Indians because they had not shared the fate of their comrades, and they were hooted all the way to their cabin. Left alone by the renegade, though they well knew there were Indian guards outside, they sat in silence; their thoughts reverting to the dead, arrow- pierced forms of their beloved comrades, still tied to the trees where they had been shot to death. The renegade had told them that they must get their own supper as best they could, ironed as they were; for he was going to take his meal with Red Light ning, at whose tepee there was to be a pow-wow. They made no reply, and, having no desire to eat, sat in gloomy silence, un able to shut out the horrible sight they had been forced to witness. They did not talk — tlieir hearts were too full for that; but silently they waited while the hours glided away. Then the renegade chief returned, and seemed surprised that they had eaten no supper nor had gone to bed. "Don't mope, for it will do no good," he said. They made no reply, and he con tinued: "You were in great luck to have me run the game for you, for the chances are that one of you would not have thrown as high as you did had I not fixed it." "What do you mean?" sternly de manded Colonel Cody. "Goodness! are you angry because I helped you out?" asked the man. "Come, explain what you mean," im patiently urged Lieutenant Seaford. "See here, I've been a gambler all my life, and a card-sharper as well, I may say. I had to yield to the pressure and let three of your men die, though, for the purpose I had in view, I would like to. have spared all of you. Not from mercy, mind you, but for a purpose. Well, I could use an officer of the army and Colonel Cody, chief of scouts, better than I could three ordinary scouts; so, as I go loaded for what turns up, I just played my loaded dice on you two, the other three playing the unloaded ones. Do you understand?" "Yes; I see that we doubtless owe our lives to your infernal treachery, for which, if it were in my power, I would break every bone in your body, though it were on my behalf," retorted Colonel Cody, while Lieutenant Seaford sternly supplemented: "Yes; though your treachery to our comrades doubtless saved us, for their throws were high, you are a most des picable wretch. We should have taken our chances with them." The renegade chief rose as though in a rage, but before lie could speak the door flew open, and a brave sprang into the cabin, calling out that the spirit from the happy hunting-grounds was in the village ! "My God 1 the "White Spectre in „amp ?" came with a groan from the lips of the renegade chief, and he turned Wltfcha Almost despairing look , tp iiis two prisoners, as if looking to them for help. CHAPTER LIII.— FROM THE HAPPY HUNTING-GROUNDS. "Let us see that spectre," said Colonel Cody, hobbling towards the door as fast as he could, ironed as he was. "No, no; I'll not look at it!" cried the renegade, who now was trembling from head to foot. "There's another point in which we differ," said Lieutenant Seaford. "I wish to see it;" and he hobbled towards the door. "Let my young men stand firm and give no alarm !" the renegade chief or dered, still keeping his place in the full glare of the fire. The young men of the renegade's band seemed to have no desire to move or give any alarm. There were several of them without the cabin as guards, and they stood in silent awe, gazing at what they deemed was a visitant from the liappy hunting-grounds. It was after midnight, and there was a crescent moon which was nearing the horizon, but it gave light enough to show that the whole village was wrapped in repose, save those at the renegade's cabin and the ghostly visitors— for there were two of them. When Cody and Lieutenant Seaford reached the cabin door they beheld a sight that was indeed startling to a superstitious mind. The snow and the moonlight together, with the dark mountain sides, gave a weird light, by whose glow they saw, slowly riding down the valley, two horsemen, and fol lowing in single file were three horses. The riders and their horses, even the three following, were white as the snow, and flowing robes fell about them. Straight past the cabin they rode, and passed on to the little rise, above which grew the trees to which the bodies of the dead scouts were still bound. Here they halted, the riders dis mounted, and the five horses gathered iuuuu bitciii, iiuicii hum I'llltrlll the two prisoners and the Indian braves looked on hi silent amazement — the red skins in deepest awe, while the r/ne- gade within still crouched in th full glare of the firelight. For some minutes— it seemed to the lookers-on a long time — the wliite-rohed forms and steeds remained about the trees, distant several hundred yards from the cabin, and the weird moonlight revealing their every movement. What did it mean? "Who were they? What was their purpose? Then the scout and Lieut. Seaford, as well as the red-skin guards, saw the horses turn from the trees, and each ut tered an exclamation of surprise as they beheld not only two, but five white- robed riders, as the horses retraced the trail they had come. "Chief, these are two spirits, and they have come for our dead friends; for now ther-1 are five spirit spectre horsemen going back up the valley, returning to the happy hunting-grounds," said Cody, to the renegade, who only drew closer to the fire at the announcement. Back up the trail the five horsemen, robed in white, went, until tliey disap peared in the deep shadow of the range. "What do you make of it, Cody ? " whispered Lieutenant Seaford. "The Surgeon Scout playing ghost, I take it," was the low reply. "Let us tell the chief all that we saw." "No, the braves will do that, and we must listen to them." Then the young braves entered the cabin, and they told their chief what they had seen, adding: "The spirits came from the happy hunting-grounds, and took the dead pale-faces back with them" The renegade listened with a look of unutterable terror on liis face, and hoarsely ordered that liis young men should go to the trees and see if the bodies of the dead scouts were there. Two of them darted away, and when they returned they both toid the same story — the three dead scouts were gone. "That saves us the duty of burying tl:em, for we were waiting for you to go with us as you promised to-niglit, ob served Cody. "I would not go out of tliis cabin to night for a fortune. Tell me, Cody, do you really believe that the dead come back to the earth in spirit form?" "Have we not seen proof of it?" was Cody's uncompromising reply. "And you, lieutenant — for you were brought up among the superstitious men of the frontier — do you believe there are really haunting spirits to come back to earth?" "I believe what I see, chief, and I dis tinctly saw to-night that which I cannot account for. I think you made a sad mistake in murdering our noble com rades," solemnly responded Lieutenant Seaford. "My God! I could not help it! It was forced upon me; and now I shall go mad if they, too, are to haunt me, for already another from the grave is about me day and night;" and the renegade chief buried his face in his hands as though to shut out some dread haunting spectre of the past. CHAPTER LIV.— A HAUNTED MAN. Both Colonel Cody and Lieutenant Seaford were deeply impressed with what they had seen, and yet could not account for. Not for a moment did they believe in the supernatural, and yet it was unaccountable to them how they had seen two spectre-looking horsemen ride into the village, halt cut the trees where hung the bodies of their slain com rades, and then five white-robed forms ride away like seeming phantoms. "It's more than I can grasp," muttered Cody to the lieutenant; and yet hiS| sur- wishing to make the Tenegade suffer for his crimes, and seeing this Lieutenant Sea ford chimed in with him. They had discovered that the renegade awoke with a nightmare every night, that he shouted out in his sleep, and was frequently fighting off a spectre in his dreams. They were convinced that he had committed some heinous crime, and that there was a woman who had been the sufferer. But now they discov ered that he was suffering great mental anguish when wide awake. His crimes, his wild life, and dwelling among the redskins had made him as su perstitious as the Indians who had made him a chief in their tribe. In spite of their feelings towards the man, the scout and the officer were both compelled to pity him in the anguish he suffered, when he cried out: "For the love of Heaven, gentlemen, tell me if you believe that spirits of the dead walk the earth?" "I have never believed so, and think now there is an explanation for what we saw, if we could only get at it," Lieutenant Seaford said, compassion ately. "But you saw them. Colonel Cody?" "Oh, yes, I saw a sight that I cannot explain." "Were you ever a haunted man?" "No." "I am;" and there was a world of meaning in the words and tiie manner in which they were spoken. As the two prisoners did not pursue, the matter further, the renegade chief rose, jiaced to and fro for awhile, and then throwing more logs on the fire, went over to his bunk in the other end of the cabin to retire. "If you hear me groaning in my sleep, I beg you to awaken me," he said ear nestly; and they both promised. They were impressed with the man ; for, in spite of his face in all its hideous war-paint, they saw that it was a fine one, and his language and manners indi cated that he had been a gentleman and l'pnrpfl in rpfinpmpt Y'ou think lit was Powell, then, playing off the ghost?" whispered Lieutenant Seaford, as the two sat before the fire, and the steady breathing of the renegade showed that he was asleep. "It flashed upon me that it was Powell." "I have known him to do some very reckless and clever things to rescue a friend in need." "But you forget your Ghost of the Mountains ?" "Ah, yes; I had forgotten him. But then that was the other range of moun tains which he haunted." "True; but he proved your friend more than once, and may be doing so again." "It may be; but there was a pair of them to-night." "Five, as they rode away." 'But how do you account for that most clever act?" " I hardly know. If it was Frank Powell, he has one of my scouts aiding him, and it was a desperately bold game for them to enter this village as they did." "And carry off the three bodies, too. I cannot understand that performance, Cody." "Nor can I, lieutenant." "May not Powell have met your friendly ghost and joined forces with him?" "Ah that may be. But whoever it was who was playing the ghost must have been aware that our three com rades were killed to-day, they doubtless witnessing the whole affair from the mountains." "Yes; and if they can carry off the dead, the living may not be neglected." " That is just what I was thinking, and I fancy we had better be on live look-out for more ghostly visitors. If they only knew it, they would find noth ing to harm them here, for the renegade would die with fright and the young bucks stand calmly and see them rescue us. But now let us try and sleep, sir Ah! there is the renegade chased by a whole graveyard full of ghosts from the way he howls." And Cody hastened over to awaken the haunted man, who was suffering untold agony in his dreams. (Y o be continued). 