STAGE, SONS AND SHOW. The Altai Concepts. Mr. Wilson Barrett's Season. 'Mr. Frank Thornton's season at the Crlte-3 t ton concludes to-night with the last per formance of "The Private Secretary."' The company leaves by the Oonah for Tasmania on Monday. Of the Insatiable vanity of actors, Mr. Cle ment Seott says:— "You may lie In praise of .an actress, till your. very soul is blackened; but once; tremble in the confines of veracity, and your life Is a burden to you from that hour. I have letters, literally by the hun dred here, which I have received during the last thirty years, letters which are full of the foulest abuse, and which bear the names of some of the best-known theatrical people of -the day. How I could be revenged if I were to publish them!" In the District Court during the week evi dence was given in an assesment case that the value of the full seating accommodation at the Lyceum was £116, at 2s, Is, and 6d. Judge Docker expressed surprise that the charge for the dress circle at the Lyceum was only 2s. His Honor said that he never got his d.c. seats at 2s. Mr. Wilson Barrett and his company will open at Her. Majesty's Theatre, Sydney, on March 6. In all probability the opening piece will be "The Manxman." ; The -Little Vagabond Company has 'been very successful in its Tasmanian tour, having finished which it proceeds to New Zealand, where it ' opens at Otago, and will tour the Islands, concluding at Auckland. "The . Sign of the Cross" Company lias been having a .successful season at Wellington (N;Z.). "The Royal Divorce" was staged on Thursday night." - Madame AlbanI, .who will give sixteen con certs in Australia under the auspices of Messrs. Williamson and Musgrove,- will open in Sydney Town I-Iall on tlic_23rd Inst., and concerts will also be given in the same liall on - the 26th Inst, and on March 1. Madame -Allianl will arrive at Adelaide on Monday, where she will be cordially welcomed to Aus tralia, and on' Thursday she will be accorded a, reception by the ' Mayoress of Melbourne, who will give an "at home" in her honour. Her Melbourne season will comprise foiir concerts, on March 5, 8, 10, and 12. Madame Albani will arrive in Sydney on tho 23rd Inst., by the R.M.S. Oruba. After hoi" Melbourne season she will go to Adelaide. -.Mr.. Wilson Barrett will produce "The Sti ve. King" to-night at the Princess Theatre, Melbourne. The piece announced for the Royal Stanir dard Theatre to-night is a sensational drama entitled "Run to Earth." It is a drama of the good old times, and it is replete with plotting and planning and situations of In terest. Mr. Robert Henry, Miss BUllc Ho wards, and Messrs. H..N. Douglas and W.-J. Coulter, will play the leading parts. The bill at the TlVoli during the coming week is strong enough to All a house thrice the size. There are two companies— the Melbourne Opera House Comijuny and the Sydney Tivoli Company— to render the pro gramme, which Includes Miss Nellie Shel don, Miss Onslow Mackay, Miss Agnes Ha zel, Mr. Michael Nolan, Miss Beannie Gal- ; letley, whose dancing, by the way, Is Im proved wonderfully — all. of whom are fresh, or nearly so,-, to the Tivoli boards. In addi tion to these, the Hegelmanns will give their thrilling and nerve-shaking performance on the horizontal bars. They are down for the . first item In the second part. Messrs. Philip Newbury (the tenor), Austin Rudd ("Red Light" artist), Miss Alice Simmons (tlie soprano), the Rockloys, Faning and Devoe, with others, go to make up a hill that can not be beaten for the money. The Hegelmanns, who appear nightly at the Tivoli, are natives of Berlin. Tlie prin cipal daring act Is done by George, Oscar 'and Dlclc being on the end bars. Tliey have drawn immense audiences In Paris, Berlin, and all over Europe, as well as at the Al- liamlira, London. The Tivoli is the small est theatre tliey have ever shown in, the Opera House, Melbourne, where they per formed for six weeks, with great success, be ing much more commodious. At the conclu sion of their Australian tour they will go to America, which they have not yet seen. It is now discovered that tlie murdered William Tei-rlss was nearly related to Lord Maeaulay through his grandmother, Mrs. Babblngton. A London correspondent says that Mr. Clement Scott's conscience Is like the in- flu'enza— It breaks out every winter. 1 Anent Clement Scott's accusation as to tlie demoralising tendency of the stage, It is pointed out as tho best proof of its vlrtuous- ness that Mr. W. T. Stead never enters a theatre. If there was anything necessarily improper to be inspected he would surely be there. The "Age" greets Mr. Rlckards' panto mime as "a bustling and abundant variety entertainment." Also it says It has won a settled place in public favour at the Opera House. The taste of the Melbourne audience, It is noticed, runs to comic business rather than artistic singing. The Huline BroLhers got the heartiest of round3 for their bell per formance. . Mr W. H. Vernon is in tho east of "Much Ado 'About Nothing," one of the notable London productions of the New Year. "The Adventures, of Lady Ursula" is the title of Mr. AnthonJ Hope's new comedy Irt' "four acts, which was lately staged at Philadelphia by Mr. E. H. Sotliern. The old question as to who wrote Shakes- neare's plavs has been revived in "Pearson s Magazine'" by R. M. Burlce, who announces the discovery of an anagram by Dr. Piatt, of New Jevsev. ' This clever American lias dis covered that the word "Honorlflcabilitudlni- tatlbus" in "Love's Labour Lost" enfolds the words, "Initio 111 ludi, Fr. Bacono" (In the beginning these plays from Fr. Bacon). Pro fessor Goldwin Smith, in reply, quotes from Milton, who was almost contemporary with the "great Will: — - "Then to the well-trod stage anon, If Jonson's learned sock bo on,. Or siveetoBt Shakespeare, fancy's child, Warble his native wood-notes wild." , Goldwin ,1 Smith r'.thlnks that Milton should know what he was . writing about, but he endeayours to explain— and explanations are dangerous— how Shakespeare came to be orer dlted with wild wood notes. The'Newbury incident at the Tivoli only served to show the esteem In which that great singer In held. A question has been raised as to the genuineness of Mr. Michael Nolan's brogue. The truth, it is suggested, appears to be that playgoers have become so much accustomed to a sort of stage brogue (made in England) that they don't know the real Mayo when they hear it. The Tivoli artist's pronuncia tion of Mayo could only liave been acquired from a real Celtic source, but the pronun ciation of "assumed" as if It were spelt "asshumed" Is . evidently an exaggeration born of anxiety to be too pronounced. Mr. Nolan's touch of the brogue Is all right, It all depends, you see, upon what particular locality the brogue comes from. The Kerry accent differs largely from that of Donegal, and Mayo speech agalh Is as unlike that of Kilkenny as Cornish' inflection differs from that of Lincolnshire. At the Tivoli the other night Mr. Michael Nolan referred to the assertion that his brogue was made in England. He was light and humorous In Ills remarks, and wound up by saying that lie was going to order fish anyway— a reference to a good anecdote which ,1s .pretty well known. If Michael's accent was made In England he had a good crowd of the "ould stock" around him to keep It, if not exactly pure, at leaBt considerably: Celtic. The Hegelmanns are fine specimens of ath letes. The smile that 'the chief performer gives when doing his. most dangerous feat is a treat to see. A'b to the problem play, Mr. Clement Scott says: — "My contention Is that the play you witness on the stage after dinner should never exceod the limits of decency you allow at dlnnor. But tho idea of tho problom- play , people appears to bo that the theatre Is a place where any linsty subject can be dis cussed without fear or shame. Take that infamous play of Ibsen's — 'Ghosts.' What is a young girl to think of that? . . . . . Ibsen falls because he Is, I suppose, an athe ist, and has not realised what the great back bone of l'ellglon means to the English race. He falls because his plays are nasty, dirty, imp.ure, clever if you like, but foul to the, last degree, and healthy- minded English people don't like to stand and Bhiff over an ash-pit." Mr. Raymond Blathwayt, who has been In terviewing the all-wise critic, Clement Scott, on the morals of tho stage, is the gentleman with the b'ored expression and tired accent, ivho lectured at the Sydney School or Arts a few years ago for a. few nights to a disgusted and diminishing audience on people he had interviewed. It is said that a woman can sharpen a pencil; if you give her plenty of time and plenty of pencils, and no doubt Mr. Blathwayt can write up a decent interview if he lias a week to do It in. Blathwayt s lectures consisted mostly of remarks such as. "I said to Tennyson, don't you know, that I hoped ho was feeling well; and Tennyson stiiO. to mo, "Wo are having line weather;ancl then we walked 100 yards and Tennyson re marked," &c.; But Blathwayt wasn't a bad sort of fellow, although he appeared pretty sloW, and prided himself on being a blue- blooded Conservative, with an air that con veyed that Salisbury was quite secure as Premier so long as ho dldn t offend Blath- 'wnyt. _________________ 