WILD ~HER ESCAPADES, ADVENTURES, AND BITTER SORRO \¥S, ; By WILLIAM BLACK, Author of "A Daughter of Heth," "A Princess of Thule," "Madcap.Violet," "In Par Lochaber," "White Heather," "Stand Past, Craig-Royston," "Highland Cousins," &c.;, &o.; [Published by special arrangement with the Author. All rights reserved.] . Chapter HL—"So Youxg, Mt.Lord, aot ' . True." "l am good, I am beautiful, and I am modest," said Wild Eelin, entering the room, " but id is a cruel and a wicked world; and I am no t appreciated." She took the big, black, green-eyed tom-cat from her shoulder and threw it on to a couch. "Beelzebub, if you have no further news for me from the place below I have no further use for you—shoo 1— away, impostor1" And then she turned to her mother, "who. was" reading a newspaper. " Mother, l am going into the town; do you want anything sent out?" i. She was .a young girl of about 19 or 20, hardly oyer middle height, of slim and graceful figure, and of unmistakably Highland aspect —Highland in the clear whiteness of -her skin, that had rather over than under its due of rose- leaf tint in . tho cheeks, • but above, all Highland in her large, liquid, lustrbus deep blue eyes, that, set about with their dark eye lashes, were of a quite indescribable loveliness —they seemed to suggest somehow the wild and- strange beauty of a moonlight night at sea.' Perhaps her straight nose and full and finely-cut mouth might have lent something imperative and commanding to her appearance: but she was not quite tall enough for that; i besides, she was young—younger even than her vearsj and then again her general expression seemed to say of her that her heart was wholly rippling over with laughter and frolicsomeness and the abundant delight .of living. With three or four inches added to her stature and with a dozen years added to her age she might have posed as a sybil—as things were. Well, she was just Wild Eelin, as her com panions often called her, though her Gaelic speaking friends had a finer name for her than that—to them she was * Eelin of the sea-blue eyes.' For the rest, she was dressed with ex treme simplicity and neatness—her blouse being of the Macdonald tartan, and the circu lar silver brooch she wore at her neck was not set with any precious stones—it merely had +1--—- wrn-rH nrurrnvpri on it. 'The Eco-Wr these three words engraved on it, 'The Eagle's Crag,' which is the slogan of the Macdonalds of Kinvaig. Her mother glanced upward from the paper. She was a slight, silver-haired, sweet-voiced . lady,-who mayhap looked all the more fragile and delicate and timid in contrast with the robuster color and brave demeanor of her daughter. ".Really, Eelin," she said in almost piteous tones, " I must protest-—" " What is it now, mother ?" "I have just been reading the last of these White Cockade articles. Really—really, Eelin, you don't seem to know the lengths you are going. Why,, you are openly making love to this young man!" ' "He is not a young man, mother," she re sponded with much placidity.. " He i3 a phantotQ—a . ghost—a wandering voice ! I have not even seen him in dreams; I meet bim only in the columns of the Invernish Observer, published every Saturday, price one penny." r "You don't appear to understand !" remon strated the anxious mother. "Behind all this farrago of moonlight walks and pretended cor respondence and assignations, there is an actual person; and you have no means of knowing who or what that person may be." "An actual persbn !—a common and ordi nary person!—why, mother, he's nor a person at all—he's a. poet! .And you want me to stop giving bim that little bit of encourage ment and approval for which every poet pines ! How can you be so cruel! And another thing, look at the consequences of suppressing a poet! Have you ever thought of the awful conse quences of suppressing a poet? He might Durst!" " I dare say be knows perfectly well who you are if you don't know who he is;" con continued the mother; "and sooner or later there will be an introduction brought about by somebody—there is always that possibility ; and then what will you have to say?" For answer tho young lady walked up to a large scroll framed and hung on the wall—a genealogical tree with its -wide-spreading branches dotted all* over with white cir cular spots like so many sixpenny- bits, and with her forefinger pointing she began at the base of the stem, proceeding gradually up wards, and proudly naming one name after another— "Somerled, Thane of Argyle—married the daughter of the King of the Isles—Reginald, King of the Isles; Donald, Lord of the Isles, 1214; Angus, Lord of the Isles; Alexander, Lord of the Isles ; Angus, Lord of the Isles; , Angus Og, Lord of the Isles ; John, Lord of the Isles; Ranold of Dunluce; JEneas Gorm Macdonald, of Kinvaig; Donald Macdonald, of Kinvaig; Alasdair Glas Macdonald, of Kinvaig; Lewis Macdonald, of Kinvaig; , Somerled Macdonald, of Kinvaig; Ranald John Macdonald, of Kinvaig ; and more—and -1 more; and all of them kin and sib to Kinloch moidarfc and Keppoch and Glencoe and Glen garry, and you ask me, their descendant, to be fafraid of meeting, face to face some young f-.v student—some lawver's clerk—some :-divinity student—some lawyer's clerk—some town-councillor's son—whatever or whoever he may be? You forget, mother. If I am not 'the daughter of a hundred Earls,' I am the daughter of a thousand Thanes; and by the Red Book of Clanranald I fearno mortal man 1" : She dropped her heroics. "Mummie, darling, the fact is you are a, hen with only one chick, and you keep cluck-clucking when there's no '•danger about at alL I don't see the slightest -chance of my ever meeting this young gentle man who writes the pretty verses. They'll keep my secret safe enough at the Observer office. And even if I were to meet him some day, what would happen? I have.a small grain of common sense. Fm not nearly such a fool as I look; so you get rid of all that un necessary alarm, my dear, sweet, excellent mother, and tell me what yon want ordered in Invernish, for I have a lot of things to do be . fore dinner-time." And thus it was that a little while thereafter Mis3 Eelin Macdonald, of Kinvaig (alas ! there now remained to them nothing of Kinvaig save the style and title accorded them in ; courtesy by friends and neighbors), was march ing briskly along the banks of the wide and ' full-flowing river on this still and peaceful and golden August afternoon. She crossed the vibrating suspension bridge; she continued : her way by the side of the stream; then she climbed the steep Gastie-hill'and had a casual look round at tne distant mountain ranges from the ethereal Mealfonrvonie in the south to the darker Ben Wyvis in the north; and finally she went on and into the town to exe cute her mother's commissions. But when these had all been got through she found her self (as she had planned) with a little time of her own, and so, to begin with, she went into . a small grocer's shop. " A- pound of tea, Mrs. Fordyce, and two pounds of sugar, and as quick as you can, please, for Fm rather in a hurry." The big, buxom, good-natured-looking woman behind the counter seemed more in clined to pause and have a chat with Miss Eelin than to dispatch her business, and so-she had again to be urged. "And how much will that con>9 to ?' "One. and eightpence, if ye please, Miss Eelin." The girl took out her purse and searched all through it. "Dear me," she said, " how stupid ! I have only one-and-sixpence-halfpenny with me. You'll just have to' take out some of the tea, Mrs. Fordyce." "I'm sure you'll not be wanting to afiront me, Miss Eelin," said the big, soft-featured _ woman, who appeared to be of a sensitive tem perament. "When you know that anything in the shop is at your service—and no question of money at all 1" "Well, well, Mrs. Fordyce," said the young lady blithely, "if you carry on your shop on sentimental principles of that kind I wonder how long you'll have a roof over your head. Bub I'll owe yon the three halfpence—I won't . ask you to open the packet—for I want to get along at once to old Granny Sinclair." \"Ay, I thought it was something of that kind," said Mrs. Fordyco with a smile. "And you'll just owe mo the three halfpence until I risk yon for it, Miss Eelin," .v ^ Misa Eelin now lofb^he-phojvaventsaittokly along tp another thoroughfare, passed up a narrow entry, ascended a stair, and knocked at a door aud opened it. Apparently she knew her way well, tor the nest minute found her in a small and rather dusky room, the sole occupant of which was a shrivelled little old woman who lay huddled up in a dilapi dated rocking-chair. The window at which she sate looked out upon a courtyard above the high wall of which some' rowan trees and poplars showed—their sunlit foliage almost motionless against the flecked blue and white sky, but she was not regarding these; she had been helplessly staring at her brown and bony fingers, clasped in her lap, until the arrival of thi3 visitor had suddenly aroused her attention. "Well, Granny," said the newcomer in her buoyant and matter-of-fact fashion, "has there been no one looking in for a moment to cheer yon up on this fine afternoon?" ' : "I've'just been wearyin' for ye, Miss Eelin,'' said the old woman in a quavering voice, "and wonderin' hour >. by hour whether ye would come.':' It's; a long, long day now that they're keeping Jean so late; sometimes it's near 10 o'clock before she gets home." "Well, I'm going to make you a cup of tea now," continued Miss Eelin*briskly, "and we'll pull your chair back a bit and open the window, to freshen the air you know; and I see your cushion is all slouched down—you must let me help you over to the bed until I get things put straight, and if there's any fire, in the kitchen we'll soon have some hot water— And thereupon she set busily to work and that with a wise motherliness and dexterity and tact beyond all praise. If in outward seeming she was even younger than her years, in her judgment, her sagacity, her patient tolerance of weakness or stupidity, her good humored dealing with fractious tempera, she was a grown woman of quite exceptional gifts and qualities. Perhaps, indeed, her very youth fulness—or that appearance of fresh and light hearted youthfulness—stood her in good stead. People who otherwise might have been inclined to stand on their rights and dignities, (which are jealously guarded among certain sections of the poorer classes) became more amenable when it was only a mischief-loving, whimsical, domineering slim slip of a girl who was deter mined on having her own way. In her home and out of it this domineering had come to be a recognised kind of thing ; every one, or nearly every one, submitted to it; who wa3 going to take Miss Eelin too seriously and run. all the unimagined risks of offending her and quar relling with her ? But sometimes the timid and apprehensive, mother thought of the future—and of a future that might be near. And on this occasion the intruder forthwith took upon herself the entire control of the little dwelling and its solitary occupant too; she got the hot water and made the tea; she laid the cloth; she went to the cupboard and brought out what remained of a cold leg of mutton (that small joint bad made a most I;desperate hole in "Wild Eelin's finances—and all unknown to the Bean- an-Tighearn); she cut one or two thin and neatly-trimmed slices ; she added some, lettuce leaves, and sprinkled i'thesame with pepper and salt and vinegar; she drew the old dame's chair close to the table: 3he pulled the window-blind right to the top, for a more cheerful light; and then she said— "Now, Granny, there you are. And what shall I read to you while you're having your tea?" "Jean was leaving me a paper there, but Fm feart the print is getting to be too little for my old eyes——" "This one, is it? Oh, the Observer. And what would you like to hear about first—the births, deaths, and marriages, I suppose " "Maybe," said old Granny Sinclair, "maybe there's something more about that young lass—her that was wearing the white rosette " "Oh, the "White Cockade creature—why, you're not interested in her, surely ! " "Ay, but she's a smart lass, that one," said the old woman with a dim sort of smile, for these comfortable things before her had en livened her spirits somewhat—"ay, she has some spunk, that one; aud who was telling her all the old stories—and how was she know ing all about the '45 and the wild men of Glen moriston " Miss Eelin burst out laughing. "Granny, Granny, have you never guessed? "Why, that's me ! Don't you know that I'm a great authoress ? I write poetry and prose and lots of other things; and I'm going to write about you; I'm going to describe you as one of the notable heroines of the nineteenth cen-, tury, because you take everything that happens with such a brave heart and you never complain—here have I.been in the house nearly half an hour and you've never even mentioned the pains in your back, whereas anybody else would have been groaning and whining and yaumering. Have you never guessed—not even when you saw your own recollections put into print ?" The old dame had ceased stirring her tea; she looked stupified. "You, Miss Eelin?—is it you?—is it you that's her that stands up for Prince Charlie?" "And what for no? Bring the ghost of Lord President Forbes before me this minute and you'll hear the talking I'll give him!" "And—and—was it' yourself that was listening for Iseabal Bheag nan Brecaig ?"* " Why, Granny, that was one of your own tales! It was you who told me of the Pro vost's murder and how little Iseabal happened to see the murderers' at work and how she 'gave information that led to her own murder; and how her cries are heard to this day when the evenings are still along the woods there by the river " " And was you hearing them, Miss Eelin ?' the old said eagerly. "Well—that is to say—you. know—the girl who signs herself ' White Cockade' makes some kind of pretence of having been listening —and of having heard something; but I wouldn't believe too much, Granny, of what's in the papers. I myself never heard Iseabal Bheag nan Brecaig, though I've come past the woods many a time in the very stillest of even ings ; but then the girl in the Observer, per haps she has more imagination than I have —and more time to spend along the river side," •' These mystifications seemed to puzzle old Granny Sinclair ; and yet she would keep thinking back to what she had been told of the young lass who in these degenerate days had the courage to wear the White Cockade. "Maybe," she said, "maybe I am not understanding very well, Miss Eelin. Is it yourself that was walking through the Islands —and.there was the 'young man that would be there to read his books—were you seeing him T "Bless me, Granny, you're as bad as my mother!" the young lady cried in an injured way. " How often must I tell you that there's no real young man—it's only a kind of ghost, you know—and so is the girl of the White Cockade, if it comes to that. It's all nonsense and make-believe. I don't know any young man who haunts the Islands—I don't indeed; the only person I know who is always there is Mr. Jameson, the keeper—curator I would call him if I were the town council—poor man, he's about out of his mind just now with rheu matism in his shoulder and I am going along this very evening with a new kind of embro cation to see if that'll do him any good. The idea that I would walk out to the Islands—or anywhere else—to meet any young man ". "She was seeing him, if they were not speaking," said the old dame, still vaguely thinking back. "Yes, yes, the White Cockade girl! Don't you understand? The White Cockade girl may have been up at the islands and may have seen a young man pacing about under the trees and reading a book, but that is all nonsense—that is what they call a romance and it really doesn't exist. Come, Granny, you must put all these fancies out of your head—though I'm afraid I am responsible for putting them into your head, and you must take me to be just me and nobody else, and you mustn't imagine I would go out to the Islands expecting to find any young man strolling about, whether he was a poet or only a common person. I should think not indeed ? And here we've been chatting and chatting and I haven't even read yen the births, deaths, and marriages yet—so let's get to work!" But this gossip about the young lady of the White Cockade had occupied much of her available time; and when she bad finished the slow reading of the newspaper announcements •—slow, so that Mrs. Sinclair might recognise any familiar name—she found that she must hurry off home or be lato for dinner. So she removed the tea-things; she brought the big type Bible, which was the old Highland woman's easiest readings and placed it on the tablo along with her spectacles; she took up the cushion, and generally put things to rights; and then, with many farewell admoni tions, grave and gay, she took her' departure, leaving behind her in the solitary little room a prevailing atmosphere of thankfulness and satisfaction and content. When she got homo she found she had only a few minutes in which to dres3 for dinner, but in this brief interval she managed to sup plement her costume with a novel form of decoration. This was an oval plaque cast in lead, some three and a half inches bj' two and a half, and bearing the following legend in bold relief:— PARISH OF HUNTLY No. (!. It was in fact one of the badges granted in former days by certain parishes in Scotland to superannuated and deserving persons, licensing them to beg within prescribed boundaries. Miss Eelin slipped a bit of blue ribbon through the hole at the top, she fastened the ribbon round her neck, so that tho beggar's warrant was sus pended in front; and then sho made haste down into the dining- room, into which her mother had already proceeded her. They were only the two of them at table; it was not often they had visitors. And at first the gentle and placid and smooth-voiced Bean-an-Tighearn did not notice; but presently her eye happened to light on that ominous intimation and mute prayer. She. know what the. dark medal meat. - " Really, Eelin," she said in accents of hurt remonstrance, "I don't know what to make of you ! Already?—and this only the eighth of the month ! What do you do with your pocket-money ? I never see you buying the nick nacks that other girls get for themselves and yet your purse is ill ways empty. I don't under stand it, except that you are incurably careless and extravagant." The culprit said not a word; doubtless she thought that silence was her best policy. And, indeed, when the elder lady had made a suffi cient show of annoyance and reproach she took out her purje and selected a sovereign and pushed it along the tablecloth. • That was the signal for Eelin of the wave- blue eyes. In a second she had jumped to her feet, the leaded medallion was thrown aside, and the next moment her arms were round her mother's neck'. ' ; "Dearest maminie, you're just goodness itself. And I know that money slips through my fingers; I don't believe it's made of silver, or gold, or copper at all; I believe it's made of the gossamer stuff you see on the hedges on the autumn mornings! But this time—this time there will be a difference. Sixpence by sixpence—sixpence by sixpence ; . yon., will be fairly amazed at the lasting powers of this sovereign. And thank you, dear little mother, again and again." So that matter was happily settled. _ But there were other adventures lying in wait for Wild Eelin before she had got through with this evening. . 