HEADSMAN OF THE TOWER OF LONDON. There are many curious things to be fonnd in the Tower. Indeed, if you have a power ful imagination you oan find anytMng, from the ghosts of a dozen lords and ladies who lost their heads to please a monarch's whim down to the jack-knife of the late Guy Fawkes. In the Tower nothing is so expected as the unexpected ; but it is safe to say that not ten peoplo cut of the many thousands who visit 'lie crusty old pile, which rears its head a quarter of a mile below London Bridge, expect to find within its. grey and musty wa'ls such a relic of the past as an officer who is known as the Headsman of the l ower. Yet the Tower boasts of a Heads man to-day just as it did hundreds of years ago. In fact, the Constable of the Tower would almost prefer to part with his right hand than do away with his Headsman, who is part and parcel of the traditions of tbe most romantic building in England. But there are other reasons which lead not only the Constable but the Queen as well to look with pride upon the Headsman. The present holder of the appointment is Stephen Sweeney, who is the oldest duty servant of the Queen. Yeoman Gaoler Sweeney, to give hioi his full title, is in his eightieth year. There is no probably no finer-looking man wearing the Queen's uniform, for despite Lis seventy- nine years he stands exactly six feet in Ms stockings, and is as erect as can be. An Irishman to the back bone, he took the King's shilling on the 14th of February, 1837, so that for 3ixty- one years he has been in the employment of the Crown. He was present at the proclamation of Queen Victoria and also at her coronation. 1 had an opportunity the other day (writes a representative) of having a little ehat with the Headsman. He had just been taking part in the ceremony connected with the installation of the new Constable of the Toiver, and, dressed in his gorgeons uniform, wMoh cost the Government no less than fifty- two pounds, was manipulating Ms monster axe of office, which it is his duty to carry on all important occasions. 'You take us back to old times, Mr Sweeney,' I ventured to remark. 4 Well, If my office is old I am old myself,' said the Headsman, 4 and so is the house in which I live. This is the house from wMch Lady Jane Grey is supposed to have been taken to he beheaded. I have no prisoners under my charge now, but formerly they were all placed m the oare of the Yeoman Gaoler, who used to take them from this building along the underground passages to the lodgings of the Lieutenant whenever the latter wanted to question them. The pas sages have ell been filled up, but if you were to dig down below you would soon run across them.' Everything is done to make the Headsman comfortable i" his old age. Indeed, when ever he feels in a doleful mood he has only to look out of his dining-room window to be instantly cheered, for straight in front of Mm is the place of execution, carefully pre served from the tread of plebeian feet by iron chains. 4 What do you do with that fearful look ing axe, Mr. Sweeney !' I asked presently. 4 This axe,' said Mr Sweeney, gazing upon his weapon with an affectionate eye, 4 is called the processional axe. It is about 600 years old, and it accompanies me whenever I am on special duty. In olden times, yon know, prisoners were oonveyed from here in the casto.iy of the Yeoman Gaoler, to | Whitehall by water to he cross- examined. On the return journey the Yeoman Gaoler, who always carried his axe with Mm, sat with the edge of the axe tarned towards a con demned prisoner so that the people assembler: on the hanks might know that Ms captive had been sentenced to death. 4 My duties now consist in keeping an eye on the warders and swearing in the new ones at St James's Palace.' Yeoman Gaoler Sweeney has revelled in danger all Ms life. If he can't get it abroad he looks foi it at home. When the dyna- mitards were paying their kind regards to London, he was on the staircase of the WMte Tower when a bomb exploded. The Heads man, as in everything else he has done, managed to esoape severe injuries, but a window was blown in upon hisa, and he was nearly buried hy the debris. Mr Sweeney, who is the possessor of three medals and four clasps, will long he remembered as one of the bravest soldiers that ever fought in India. He had two horses shot under him in the Mutiny. On a oertaiu occasion, when engaged with his regiment— the 14th Light Dragoons — his captain got a sword-cut, which almost severed Ms head from Ms body. In an instant Sweeney was off his horse, and, after handing it over to a comrade, hoisted the dying officer on to Ms back, and amidst a shower of bullets conveyed him to - a place of safety. Recollection of this heroic deed led mo to ask Mr Sweeney to throw some light on that much- discussed problem — what it feels like to be engaged in slaughter on the field of battle. 4 The sensations of a soldier in the thick of a fight,' Mr Sweeney replied, 4 cannot be described. Every soldier wants to get at the enemy — every British soldier at all events — and I never knew a man to feel nervens or . to think of anything but the engagement. Certainly you don't forget one thing, and that is that the more you kill the fewer there'll be in the way. For this reason you always take care that your weapons are ready. I never heard snch cheers as went np when we received orders to attack the enemy.' 4 Have you ever heard of a nervous man wishing to tnrn tail ?' 4 Never. The British soldier's motto is 4 Onward,' and no man has ever turned tail to my knowledge. You must re member that there's more danger behind than at the front,' added the Headsman with a grim smile. 4 If a British soldier ran away like a coward, he would be shot — or rather he would mysteriously disappear. No, I joined the army when William IV. was king, at a time when there were no railways, and when it took us three mouths and sixteen days to get from Gravesend to Bombay, and I've never known a Tommy to tremble at the sight of the enemy.' 