Christian Endeavour Notes. f Specially Contributed.] [ill communications to be addressed "Sapermtendeut oi toe l J n«» Department," C.E. Offices. So^ieiaricti of Societies and District Unions and "•up^riutemieuts of Departments ate invited to supply ii-enid uot later than noon on Tuesday, iieuorts to be brief aud pointed. ] DEATH THE TEST OF LITE. Dr. F. E. Clark reiers iu the " Christian Endeavour World" to the death of that noble example of American womanhood, Miss Frances E. Wilkaid, and of those faithful Christian Enduavourers of the cruiser Maine —Carlton, Jeucks, Meilstrup, and William ftushworth. He says, inter alia—"Why are •Jcnclcs and Meilstrup and Rush worth revered as heroes to-day? It is not because they were adepts at poker or billiards, because ihey could drink more beer than the average saiior, or because they were particularly loose or loud in their conduct when on shore. It would hat-e been very easy for them to excel in these directions. Some of their comrades on the iiaino doubtless were proficient iu all kinds ol dissipation, it was because they carried their Christian life into tho Navy ; because it was a possession aud uot a mere profession; because '.hey dared to kneel in prayer before their comrades; because they were not ashamed to wear the Christian iSndeavour badge every lay, and did not save it for Convention times j.iiy; because, in other words, tbey were ionost, earnest, .true men. It was their •haracter in life that glorified their death. An end ten times as tragic could not have made memorable the life ot a roue, of a sport, oi a selfish and unworthy man." FKOM PRESS SCPEBINTENDENT'S BOX. V The model Society is the spirit of Christ beating in each heart," said Arthur II. Allen at the Leroy (.New York) iocai Union Convention at G-reen ^Island. The Press Superintendent would be glad to receive copies of District Union and Society programmes. REPOBTE. The following havu oeeu received:— • Eastern Suburban District Union. — The 'irst business meeting of the Executive of the .Eastern Suburban District Union after the aunuai rally was held at Norwood Baptist Vestry on May 7, and was well attended. Two hours was spent in important deliberations. It was decided to suggest to the Societies to contribute 2d. per member yearly to the District Union funds. The constitutions were amended (subject to the approval of the Societies) to provide for the creation of the following departments:—Christian Citizenship, ij.ii. Crusade, aud Lookout, and notice of motion was given that in future the Societies should nominate tho otricers of the Union instead of the Executive. The following officers were elocted (the other officers having been ap pointed at the annual rally):—Superintendent of Christian Citizenship, Mr. A. W. Jones; Mipei-intL-ndent of G.K. Crueade, Mr. Fred Johns; and Lookout, Mr. C. W. Rutt. A -jonmiittee was appointed for each of these departments, and in the case of the Christian Citizenship and C.E. Crusade tbe committees have power to add. A committee was also appointed to work with Miss A. M McCaul, the Superintendent of Missions. The following wore elected representatives to the Executive of the South Australian Union: —Messrs. J. E. Morphett, C. W. Rutt, A. Wells, and Misses A. Carson and A. M. McCaul; and as direct representatives of the .1 unior Societies, Misses ill. If. Burgess and A. E. Posaingham and Mr. Matthews. The Eastern Suburban Union has a large representation on tho Central Executive. In addition to the above, four Superintendents of departments holding seats on tho Central Executive are members of the District Executive, and the President and Secretary of the S.A. Union are also members of Societies in the same district. A Committee of nine, with power to add, and with Mr. F. Johns as Convener, was appointed in connection with the Norwood Town Hall Sunday evening services. Ty rte-street (North Adelaide Baptist) Y.P.S, — Tha annual meeting took place ou Tuesday, April 2G. Mr. S. Boweriug, Vice - President, presided, and gave a hearty welcome to visitors from other Societies and friends. The reports of Secretary and Treasurer, also Junior report, were most encouraging, and showed that much had been accomplished and many blessings received. But we are not satisfied, and hope with God's help to attain to higher things and greater spiritual blessings throughout the coming year. Greetings from Flinders-street Baptist, Southwark Baptist, and Mediudie Congregational Societies were given. Tho R e v . W. Bell, M.A., of the Semaphore, and Mr. S'.L F. Culliford, of Goodwood, gave most helpful addresses. Mr. Bell based his address on 1 Timothy, iii. 15, "The Church of the living God, tbe pillar and ground of the truth," explaining very clearly that as we owe the Church to the Bible, so we owe the Bible to the Church, and the C.E. Society, a3 a band of believers, benefited the Church as the inspired men and women of old did by giving expression to their thoughts and intelligence. The lighthouse with its many supports to hold the lamp which gave out the light was used as an illustration. Mr. Culliford entreated members to "go on." He laid great stress oil individual responsibility. They should not stand by and hold the fort, but go out and storm tho citadel, make a full surrender, and tarry at Jerusalem until the power and baptism of the Holy Ghost was received, than go forth and preach "God is love." Members o{ the Junior Society assisted with singing, and one member gave a recitation. After refreshments, family worship, led by Mr. Bell, closed a happy and very profitable evening. Enfield Wesleyan Juniors.—The first annual meeting was held on Thursday, May 5, in tha Jiaiield Wesleyan S. Schoolroom. The Rev. J. Leg^oe prasided over a splendid gathering of Junior Endeavoarors and friends. Several hymns and recitations were rendered by the Juniors; also addresses by the Rev. J. Leggoe ana Mr. Bowering, President North Adelaide Union. The Secretary, Miss Sara, reported that the number of members on the roll were 34, with an average attendance of 24. 