TWO -ADD -THREE. COMPLETE W THIS ISSUE. By (V1AVOR ALLAN, Author of "Through tho Dark Entry," " Overmuii .Will," " From AVhnm . No Seoreta aro Hid," "On the' BiuiUs of Alliiu Water, &c.;, &o.; copYRianT. „ CHAPTER I. fHE stcamor King SMrSK Man, wuk Hearing island uoastlino broko raggedly against tho blue of the July sky. From Snuofoliaud Burrulo tlio brightness of the duy laid faded, nonronly a flush of pink shadowed tho purple. Nearer, on tho bold promontories of Banks' Howo and Douglas Head tlio dying aim lit the noli green of t.hn . Mririnirv fnl'F aud tho gold of tho cushag, aud glorified the town of Douglas crowdiug upon the orescent bay between. It was it fine ovoning. It was n fair scone ; fair to tho veriest Btrangor, but passing fail- to ono Manx maiden who stood upon thodeok of tlio King Orry and gazed upon tlio unfold ing vision with tears of weleoniing joy in her oyes. It was a year since last she had looked upon it, nycarwhorcin it Brussels "pension" had toned down tho exuberance of her happy naturq, yet, doubtless, was responsible for her present easy grace of maimer aud inion. "Ail, Mr. Mooro! " hIio criodiinpulsivoly, " did you ever see anything ho beautiful ? " He wlium she thus addressed hud travelled fur and wido, gono whoro his fame as ono of tlm greatest artists of tho day had gone before him ; yot at Margery Kancon's question u thrill of hor innocent enthusiasm nssuilod him. For the momont be saw Murgery's isle with Margery's oyes, and lie answorod "No." Perhaps his gnzo scarcely went bovoiid tlio sweet face beside him— tho golden hair which clustered upon tho proudly poised head, tlio grave, piquniito mouth, tile speedwell blue eyes, tlio ungloved liund which held partly opeii the book sho laid been reading. " Yon liavo itu artist's fingers!" ho ex- oluiinod idmost unconsciously. Five hours ago he laid novor seen hor ; in truth, her very oxistenoo wus unknown to him. She hud been put on hoard ut Liverpool by the frauloin who had accompanied her from Brussels, and hud been intrusted to tlio captain's care with ninny kindly injunctions. The artist, stuuding by, hud caught her' inline. A few detuilu thus ovorheurd were sufttoiont to provo her to bo tho daughter of mi old friend hitherto forgotten, but whom ho now remembered to ho located ut Peel. Tlioy had been colleagues fivo-and-twonty yeurs ago at King William's College at Unstletowii, both dabblers iu urt. Since then he, tho groat Gilbert Mooro, had inado the world ring- with iiis name ; his frieml Kanceu —ah! well, what if ho had sunk in com parative obscurity ? Perhaps his hud boon tlio happier life; ho laid married young, this lovely girl of eighteen was his daughter. And Gilbert Mooro sighed. There wore none to sliuro in the glory of that success which had erowncd his linme. In his eager thirst for fuino there hud been uo time for lovo or roiiumce ; ho had toiled oitly for tho world's honour, and now tho world wus at his foot. Yot ho sighed. "I have takon the gold modal for drawing and u oertificato for painting," Margery was saying in a plousod voiuo. " Father will ho ao ghid. Ho paints beautifully. Do you paint hotter thuu father?" alio broke off, with ohihllika simplicity. t The great R. A. laughed. " Yuti shall be judge of that whon you go to the Academy noxt year," ho said. " I havo noycr boon to the Academy," sho answered. " I had never boon off the island before I went to Brussels." " How camo your father to send you so fur away?" "He had a commission to paint somo old Belgian streets, so he tonk mo with him. Ho thought it a good opportunity for me to louru French." "And have you learnt French?" Mooro queried, smiling. "Yes; but I don't think it so nrottv ns Manx." "Do you know Manx, Miss Knueon ?" She laughed. "Oh, yes ! Should you like to hear mo spcuk Manx, Mr. Moore?" "I should if I could understand yon." Sho uttered a fow din loot words, hut Sir. Mooro shook his bond dolefully. "Oh, see!" sho broko oil to exclaim, "Does not tho now hotel ou Onohuii Point looked grand iu tho aniilight? Whore uro you going to stay, Mr. Mooro?" " At that suino hotel I believe," said Moore smilingly. Thoro was something vovy refresh- in her quick young flights of ftmoy. ' "You will como to Peol to seo us, won't you?" Murgory went on. "My mother iN dead. There is only my father and Hugh und mo." Monro uncoplcd tlio invitation with a gallantry which was lost upon tho un sophisticated girl ; then lie added : "And who !h Hugh — your brothor?" " Oh, uo ; I have no 'brother. , Hugh is u distant cousin! Ho comes from Ardruasun. Ho wns left an orphan, mid lio lias lived with us eight yeurs. Ho helps my father with the farm." Thou there was siloueo.' Both were look ing landward ; Moore - idly, Murgoiy with her soul iu hor oyes. Along the grout swcop of tho promenade it was jiossiblo now to distingiii-h carriages and people; thoro flouted tho sound of music from tho shore. Oneo nbovo tho throbbing of tho steamer's cugincs the strain otuno distinct and swoot. It was " Tlion you'll romoinbor mo." Mooro took u uurd from his silver ouso and pencilled somo words beneath his nniiio. " Will you givo it to your father ? " he said, and look tho baud wliicli Murgory frankly ox- teuded. " Goodbye, Miss Kunocii, I am doliglitcd to liavo met you. I havo somo boiongiiigs bolow I must .go. and guthcr. together. Can I be of scrvico to you land ing?" 'No, thank you," was the blitho response, my fntliyr or Hugh is sure to moot inc." Sho was quite .unconscious lie hud honoured lieu with (for him) unwonted attention, and Monro left her with n puzzled smilo playing upon his lips. What a child alio was! Yet what dignity she liud ! Ami ah ! how littlo sho seomod in' awo of himsolf 1 It was Hugh who awaited Mavgory on tlio quay. Across tho cordon separating the crowd there from tlio stoamur passengers, ; tlioy exchanged their first greeting, and by- aiia-by, when tho luggugo had beou got off riicy were driving through tliobusy thorough fare towards the niilwuy atution. " Waoll Margery, uro yo glad tao seo mo again ?". Hugh said tlion. To tlio girl's sensitive car his speech sounded decidedly broad, ooinpsrod with tho polished tones ot Gilbert Mooro, for, added to his Ardrossun neoont, Hugli wusratlier given to indulge iii tho language of his native land,, wliloh hold a warm plnco in his heart, huit, for all that this big Hugh, with Iub kindly brown eyes, anil smooth ruddy face, was vory dear to Murgory, and uiioonsoionsly she drew u littlo lioarer'to him. " Of course I am glad," lio said. And so thoy fell to talking, and quiokly flow the hour it took to travorso ueross aountry to the liistorio fishing part on the western shore, with the orumbling round tower' of 'its; gray old oastlo at tho moutli of tho harbour, looming blaok against the darkening sky. Quarter of an- hour's drive -in tho conveyance awaiting them at the station brought the travellers to BallaBlieu, the farmstead, which had been Margery's- linmo Biuuo infancy, and thure Murgery'a -father- received hor with opon arms. It was oluiractoristlo of ICaneou's easy initiiro to have left, it to tlio youngoiMnnn to see to his daughter's eufoty ; , but uov.' that sho hud eomo sho hud no cause to complain of tlio warmth of his welcome. " % tlio way, there wuh an accident from tlio King Orry," Hugh said, whon presently tlioy sat down to tho cosy dinner- table. " I forgot till this moment, Margery the onbbv told mo. It seems Gilbert .Mooro was oil hoard. Ilo slipped On '.a bit of orango peel coming off tho gangway, und had to bo taken to the hospital." " Gilbert. Moore !'' To both father and daughter tho namo had u peculiar: intorost. To Knneun, beoauso, in addition to ita fame, it brought with it recol lections of bygoho years; to Margery, fur until now sho also "had entirely ' forgotten Moore. She produced his card, from her purse, with an apologotic flush , at hor negli- gonce. V Surely he is not badly hurt !"; aho cried when aha had recounted their meeting. . Kaiioon was Btudying tho card, a gleam of pleasure in bis groat gray eyes.. Mooro's message wns short but sincere. Look' tno up," it said, " for tbe suke of ttuld laiig syno." "To think of liitn remembering mo!" Kuiiccn said. "Tno think o' Mnrgory confahbin' wi' the grout man, an' koepiu' it close till tliis inconit!" supplemented Hugh. Margery said nothing. Sho was recalling hnw_ delightfully those hours hud gono by for her in Moore's company, and shuddered to think of tho exigenoioB of futo wbieh . had caused so sudden u cloud to ovcronst his holi day. Hugh anw hor shudder, and intuitively read hor thoughts. . ' : " Cheer up," ho advised. "Mobbo tlio report was exaggerated. I'll run up to Douglas .to-morrow mid 'find out, if you "I think I'll go mysolf," answered Kanecii, as ho ourofnlly consigned Moore's card to Ills waistcoat pookot. Involuntarily Hugh - and Margery ex changed ghinoes. It was so unusuiil a thing for tho artist to mako a depurtnro front the routine of his oi-diimry pursuits. Hugh whs not slow in milking tlio . best of so gulden an opportunity. "Lot's nil go," lio said, gloofully. " Murgory has novor soon Noble's Hospital sineo it wus built. I'll show licr round while you hobnob with Mooro. Thou 1 wo'll take her by the new oleotrio lino to , Laxoy or Grondlo ; finish up . with tlio Palace iit night, and get home by tlio eleven train. See'?" . ' " ' I-Iis sketch of programme. wag so inviting that Margery smiled despite lior sadness. . " Oil, Hugh !" she roiiionstrated. But her father fell into the trap without demur. CHAPTER II. But it wns Mooro and' not Hugli who nuted eicoronu' on that visit to Douglas. Within tho entrance of tho atutely red uriok hospital on the hill, overlooking the bay, tho trio from Peel mot the artist just biilding farewell to its friendly walls, but when Moure learnt Murgory had eumo thither hoping to view ita interior, lie insisted upon postponing his own dopurture to await hor pleasure, and led tlio wuy into tlio littlo committee-room off the hall witli a cordiality which won Knnucn on the instant. "Oh, yes; I lmvo quite recovered," ho answered the lattcr's anxious inquiries. "It wus merely a euso of shouk ami bruises. I must say, Kuneon, your island did not welcome mo very nicely. I was pitched down headlong and tukcii here quitu un conscious, it scorns. But your line hospital lias made up for it. Tho doctors udviseu mo to rest hero overnight, and really I have never been more comfortable in 'my life," he broke oft' now with a laugh. "We Muiixmon urn proud of out- hospital," said Kaucen, ivoll pleased. "And I doubt not equally proud of the gracious donor who has so goiierunsly shown his appreciation of you," said Moore. Ho possessed thu happy tnot of saying just tho right thing in the right place. Knttoeit looked, aa lie folt, flattered. When Hugh und Margery reappeared it wus ovidout the good impression wus mutual, for Moore insisted tnoy should all take luuch und dimior' at his hotel with him. "Miss Kimeoii," he appealed to licr when her fntlior demurred, "in tokeu of our fellowship on board the King Orry, httro pity on mo. I hear you are going to Goodie und tlio Palaeu. Now. toy hotel is inost conveniently situated for both. I intend going to both, and 1 should be delighted to go ill. your company," After tliut tlio , invitation was accepted, warmly on Kniieon's part, mid with a shy Hush of pleasure by Margery. The fascina tion of Mooro's maimer wus irresistible, while lliat impromptu liiuuli proved him a porfeot host. Perhaps Hugh nlono experienced a vague sons'ri of disappointment at his presence. It was Mooro who found Margery a seat on the open oloctria our wliiuh passed tho hotel gates cu route fur Laxey, tlion took tho ouo vacant pluoo by her side, whilst Kiinuuu and Hugh lulloweil in tlio remaining closed ear, for they wore filled to overflowing on lliis glorious morning. It was Moore whu reaped the honofit of Margory's bright oiithusiusin as they crept up tlio brow of tho oliff overlooking tlio channel and silvory bay hundreds of foot below. It was Mooro to whom alio confided scraps of folklore, whon, Grondlo reached, tho quartette inado their wuy into tho lovely gloti, und following tlio course of tho stream ulong Iho rnviue path way, whoro two uouhl barely walk abreast, reached tlio headland, whoro to Margory's girlish dolight, sleek brown seals wore dis porting themselves ill the piuturesquo, artifici ally -enulosed arm of tho scu, whoreupnu Mooro himself fotuhed biseuits from tho tea room close by to tempt tho timid urenturos on to tho rooks for her amusement. It was nil so novel, so exhilarating, this simple Manx girl's talk, no unlike that of the suuiety dames with' whom Mooro usually conversed ; her fresh young innocoiioy held him spellbound. Tho revelry wns at its height within tho brilliantly lighted Palace when thoy passed through tho eloetrio-lit grounds that night, and presently went up to scuta ill thu circular gallery honoatii the great glass doino. To Margery's bewildered gaze, tlio immense ball room with its six or more lliuusuud waltzing figures seemed it fuiryluiid peopled with kiiighla and nymphs of a magic world, which a lull in the orchestra barely disillusioned into a bevy of Lancashire huls and lasses iu bhizor jackets and straw hats,, und the cheap flush uf feminine' flnory. Even Moore, who laid scon most of tiio dancing palaces of Europe, confessed to n fooling of her woudoe. " And wore I but riionodoron I should ho tempted to coax so fair a fairy as yourself to join in it," he whispered, with tlmt gallantry -which more than once hud coloured Margery'a elieek tliut day. " Oh, yes, it's a vory flea room," Kniiocn whs saying, somowhut reluctantly, " a very fine room— oightoen thousand square feet, I boliovo — but. I enn't say I approve of this : and nh, the evil of thnt drinking bar nut-side, opon In ontiun these simplo young folk when thoy ooino out." Tho olouks were oliimirig half-past 10 whon Moure said goodbye . at the Puluun gates. Tho liugo hay luy iisluop, bathed iu tlio deep liluo of shadow, outlined by tlio ..thousand lights which blazed tin . the nuu-gin of its semi-oirolu from Banks' Howo to Douglas Head. A gluro of olootrioity revealed the balconiod tower of Moore's Hotol ou Oiiuhtin Point. Below tho red und blue und yellow of divers illumiuatlona scintillated on tlio glnsB roof of Dorby Ciuitlo. wliilo midway U|K»i tho cliff's dark heights, above tho richly wooded Castle Mona Hotel, once the lordly homo of tho Dukos of Atliol, tho wliito turrets of tho puvilion of Falcon- Ollff loomed like two - phosphorescent ghosts against tlio dark gray of sky. Now unci tlion, with rhythmioul regularity, tlio revolving signal from the linruour lighthouse flushed out and lit up tho dark rooks of tlio Tower of Refuge and tlio fishing siiiuoks ut anchor. Tho air was liouvy with tho odour of brino, From tlio promenade came tho hum of revelry aud the tread of many people passing on tlieir wny, tho tinklo of trnnicurs lis they shot by in ondless succession. The .world of Douglas was here still at the zenith of its life; Y, '.I have been , to inany pluoos |and,seon niriiiy things," Mooro said as ho lingered to wrap Margery's clonic over her white bodice, ' but to-duy you have given ina for memories what I can nevor forget.";,' - Thoro was in -his- voice n deepor moaning than what thu words implied ; but Murgery's uiiswor cumo with pretty eompuuetivo shjnosr. - - ' v. : "And still and for all this is not Manx;" was what sho said, "diid I think I 'like bar world best." ' ' ' " All I" broke In.- Kuneon, you -must come to Peel, man ; we'll give you the real atmos phere there," , "I will dome," said Mbbro, warmly, its he. stepped on td a passing oar. ' , " CHAPTER III.' : "Is't no' true, Margery. Ever sin Moore earn'-—" '"Hugh! How dare yon?" " I dinna daur," said poor Hugh. Thou thoro was silenco ; Margery, in her whito gown, with ' her Bkotohing box iu lior hands, blushing, indignunt ; Hugh, in his farmer's corduroy and guiters, calm, but pale through puin. It was 'tho month of September, and tho cornfields of Bnllnsllcu lay ripening around thorn. Tlio afternoon sun was hot. Sky and sea mat in u blue deep us the Mediterra nean. For horo, from tho vuntugo ground of a knoll whoro fencing sopurntod tho grain land from the pasture, could he seen tho sea breaking tho lino of horizon flunkod by tho dark outlino of Contrary Head. Themun and tlio girl stood still, one on oitlior sido of tho stile. She bounded Beaward, hofortiomc. ! And in that moment of stormy "silenco tho minds of both were busy. Murgory was remembering Moore was on Peel Hill now, expecting her, evor ready as he hud been for theSo last three wondorful weeks to uluim licr companionship in his sketching tours ; to pay more attention to her fuoile brusli than to his own. ' She was thinking how great a. thing it was this world-renowned painter should take interest iu the efforts of a simple suhoulgirl ; und hero -was this big Hugli, who knew nothing whatever of art and its fusoiiiutinns, angry— angry because Mooro condescended to dovoto his valuable time to her instruc tion ! And Hugh? ' . - - Ho wuh reoulling a' laughing Mnrgory of ton Htimmora, witli floating flaxen locks. Ho saw the harvest gleaned, all savo it hundful of shoavos. Ho wutoliod that littlo maid step proudly forward, and with onu chubby baud grasping the ourn, the other tho up lifted sickle, she swept the liist. oar to the ground. Then Hugh tied up tlio preciuua sheaf with ribbon from Margory's hair, and together, thoy carried it home to treasure it till tlio following year. Ah . I those days had indeed gono sineo lio had played with her at . tlio liaaiitiful old ceremony of tho taking of the Melliub, when ho was callod upon to clout hor ' Queen; for this small . Manx maiden wns imperious in iter demands upon the time of licr big kinsman, aild greatly given to instruot liiin in the mysteries and customs of lior uutivo land. Harvest homo 110 longer brought the subtle oliarm of bygone time, and Margery, alas, 110 mora wuh his ulouo to will his queen. A quivor pussed over Hugh's strong face us lie tlipiight uf tlieso things ; a quiver which touched Margery's heart, for after ull tliore wus but ouo Hugh iu her world. So it wus sho who broko tho silence, though it was only to reproach him. "You dure to bo jealous of a great mail like Gilbert, Moore ?" "Av — I'm jealous!" said Hugh, ivitli emotional irony iu his tones, "io'vesaid it, Margery : I wudnu hue duin-cd say tlio ward inysol'." ' He lielps mo with my colours ; you know nothing of painting, so you don't understand 1 " said sho haughtily; " Oh, I kou naotliing o' . paiiitin', hut I umlerstuu' ao tiling,- it's no for it' Gilbert Moore's aye at yur beck iiu' ca'. Wimur's it . garni tao end, Margery ?" Slie blushed. " Where's what going to end ?" "His enmin' between ye ail' me," wns Hugh's bold reply, " Gin ye like tao toll mo yo lo'o him, I'll noay anit.lior ward " "Lei mo pass?" suid Margery, with flue scorn. . " Oil, I'll let ye pass ! But it's host hie he lift' wi' the uuld luv boforo yo uro on wi' the now!" "I'll liavo nothing more to do with you," said sho, 0110 font on the utile. " It's no' likely," assented Hugh, putting out his hands nevertheless to holp, her ueross. " ' It's so in this world, for I'm ill love Witli a maiden of high tlogrec. But 1 11m only marked oiiu-and-nine, And tho othor uhiip'a two-nnd-tliroe. And u girl never lookH at oiio-utid-nino With a possible two-uud-threo.' " Ho mimiokod, with u touch of trite sarcasm, tho concluding verso of u comio song, thuu tho rage ut tlio music-lmlls, which Mooro liail rendered with dramatic humour at Murgery's piano tlio oveuitig before. \- It was the sad lament of the toy colonel in tho Lowtbcr Arcade, who redo on his tin- gee-gee. " I've beon 011 this stall a very long tiiuo, And 1'iu marked one-and-iiiiie, us you see. While just 011 tho shelf above my head, I There's a follow marked two-uiiil-throo." But, worst of all, hiH sweetheart, "tho dear little dolly-girl over there," had trans ferred her uifectiuiiB. " Now sho turns up hor noso at me, And oarries 011 with two-aud-tliree." Mui- gory forgot her hauteur in 11 hearty laugh, and springing from tlio stilo landed iu Hugh's arms. "Oh,"oried she, "why don't, you speak like that always, Oiio-aud-iiiue ?" Hugh withdrew in luiste, as if silah olosa contact with Margery's flushing beauty stifled liini. "I'm thitikin'," said lie, dryly, " what yo leurn in yor youth ye dinna eusy forget, uu', sin' yo ca' mo Oiio- aiul-iiino, it's no' worth wliilo ooutcrin' my .Scotch tongue toe plettso yo. Yo ami awn' too yor Two-aud-tliree." Fur answer Margery enrtsiod, then sped down thu field. Suddenly sho stopped. "Hugh!" she oxolaimed. "The blaok bull's loose, and I durou't go by !" Hugh strode forward, drove tlio aggressive bull into tho distance, and accompuiiicd tlio girl to whore tlio gateway led to tho cliffs. "Margery," ho whispered then, "d'ye really earn for him ?" "Who?" was the innocont query. "Thu bull?" Aud without waiting for reply sho tripped down tho pathway and out of sight. But it was a vory domuru maiden who joined Mooro in the urnok, whoro hIio had disoovored to liiiu tlmt picturesque glimpso of bay and castle beyond ; und iiiiliku licr usiiul solf, so grave und studious a pupil did sho prove that the solf-oleotcd master's interest in hor work flagged, and ho rallied lior fur hor eonoontru- tion. Then Margery laid down hor brush and looked up iu his face. " Mr. .1 ooro." aho said, with childlike directness, " isn't it wasting your , time tor ; you to bo touching mu iusiood of working yourself ?" Muoro met her look, mid a now light leapt into his eyes. Ho laid a big whito hand upon hor. " No," he .said softly. "You are mora wortli tiinn all my work to mo, my chreo." ' CHAPTER IV. The sim liud gono down in a fieroo orim- sbn. The oeoan, whioli lay u fow hours sinao tranquil as a child usleop, had awakened in fury. 1 The milky surf wrouthod the castle rooks, the roll of thunder euhoed above the foiir of breakers, the lightning flashed. Hugh, enveloped in his seumuu's oilskins, wus out among his farm ivinds ; for tiio t-'cot, like tlio Manxman, is imporvioas to fear of tempests by land or sea, und it uuinb naturally to him to bo thoro, in tho' thiak of it ull, doing what lay in his power to lesson tho destruction tho hurricane threatened. Kuneon, uontout to leuvo everything in his bunds, wus indoors absnrbod over liis lutcst eanvus. His mood might not havo. .boon so orene could I10 havo beheld Murgory at that moment elingiug to Hugh's arm,' hor whito ; dross dreuehod with spray, her beautiful; hair dropped iu a golden "tungle about her sliouldorH. , . ' 1 "Oh,qomo in tho boat arid Bavo him i" sho was oryiug'.' Tho tide oumo- up before wo remembered. Ha was helping me ; to soramhlo up the rooks. His foot slipped on the HOU\rco,d and ho fell. He, is lying on tho benoh. I wont hack lmthoiiover moved. . . Oh, Hugh, .if lie' is' dead ! Hugh 1-Hugti !" Her voieo broke. In a wail of terror, unu emotion- Hugh's ruddy face had grbiyn white., " Whanr?!! ho said. Ho moved meelifini- enlly forwurd. Slid described the spot between -her sobe. 'It wiim 'a"6reek"eaollyi nccossiblo ou foot ut ebb tide, but which the sca uiaimcd rapidly ut fleed. ' Hugh listened ' without a word, then lie disengaged liimselt from Margory's clinging hands aiid looked iu hor eyes with fearless reassurance,- ' 1 .a.:.. " Gang hams: Yo're Wat thrdugh. idssle. Dinnu greet. I'll bring hiin .home safe an' doun'." ! "I must go with you, Hiigli t' J- " Yo ffiun gung humo,". said -Hugh. "I'll got Peter U11' a nobblo at tho slip.!'. . Sho turned then und went blindly liumo- wards. , Sho know I10 hud mimed onu of the stoutcst-licarted fishermen for his helpmate, find liko Kuneon, eho was content to trust Hugh, knowing Hugh would do his duty to his last breath. , But oh, tho agony of waiting ! Tho fear he iniglit bo too lato I Sho went into Kauceu's studio, dishevelled us she wus, and wopt out the whole Htory ut his knee ; unci when the futho'r, moved to tears also, lifted his child fo his breast, he felt sho was u child no longer, but a woman who had passed through tho first und fiercest ordcnl of lior life. "Oh, but I do not love you ! " Mnrgory had answered him when Mooro hud laid liis' farno and fortune at hor feet, and at tlmt suprotno moment which many a maiden would liavo boon proud to oatl licr own sho realised how lightly tho lovo of this world-fumed man moved her. Yes, Bho know it how ! What tiiuugli renown might never wreathe Hugh's name? j His honest hands might novor wear ' the stiowinoss of -Moore's, bis tonguo -might never ; lose tho broadness of speech whiuli miirkcd' him a son of thu soil. Ho- cainu before her, robbed of all alluring attributes, yet ' the tier; of kinship oluimed for Hugh a'Bubtlo ebsrmf: which needed none of these, iiud thmScottiah:' blood within lier answered to Thoy carried IMooro over tiio . rucks ,: and ' across the headland to. Ballasliuu through a-' torrent of rain, and peale of- thunder.' _ It would havo beon 1111 easier task -to " row' thoir uticonsc.ioiis bnrduir up the harbour 1 to Mooro's Hotel iu Peel town, but, out of hisi: (generous devotion for her iHugh brought' liis rival within roaoh of his -sweetheart's presence, and if to do this cost liini a linger- ' iug puug of jealous 'pain .110110 know it but ' his own soul. Ho hud iliscovorud Mooro's' right arm to bo severely fractured, and it waa he whu went forth again into the hurricane - to summon tlio surgeon, nut -daring Co meet - the dumb agony iu Murgery's byes as sho flitted to and -fro - making preparations tor Moore's comfort. Kuneon laid sat down to watch by liis friend's bedside, overwhelmed' with grief and foreboding. Aftor tlio night of darkness and tempest- thoro cnimi a lrioi'iiiug of sunlight and ualm. Along tlio shore the dulco and seaweed - liud left a line of gleaming brown and- green to mark where tho breakers had1 been. A' derelict yawl lay storm-driven at the foot of Fciiilia's Tower. Tlio broken masts of ships 1 at unuhor in tho harbour told thoir own- tale. . . . But tlmt was all. Tlio sett slept ; there .wus 110 more wind. The eky smiled abuve, the blush of sunshine toiupor- ing its blue, mid ciie rttvs kissed the ruined - urelios of tlio Cathedral of St. Ucrmuiii's' till' they glowed like tho ashes of a dying tire." But thu world- worn eunieteiy was to ulaim- 110 dead. Tho Castlo Tower litled its : stead fast luce above a scene tlmt was all suronity and quiet beauty now, and in tho air there was 110 note of woe- CHAPTER V. < An attnek of fever kept Mooro a prisoner , to hm room after his injured arm had fairly recovered. Kaucen bud abandoned hia studio for. tlio sick chamber, and perhaps it waa owing to Ids faithful eunipaiiioiisnip tlmt, with returning health, Moure's heart wus stirred anew with hopes of a ulosor union. Knuceii summoned Murgory to liiH sido ono - ovoning, and left I lien, together alone. The lamps were unlit, und in tho pal G gloaming, Mooro lay 011 liis eoueli by tho window witli his ihco to tlm hon. Sim hud hcou hiiu only otico since he laid beon borne within -uueoii-' soiuus, anda littiu cry oscupud her when she saw his bandaged arm, his ulussio feutures looking drawn anil pallid still. Thoa.in the silence of the room sho hoard hor own heart' beating, for Mooro had turned, mid his dark ' oyes were fixed upon lier. "Don't ho afraid," lio said, softly. "I am not going to dio yot, thank God !" - Sho went und stood by liis sido. "All, my Manx fairy 1" lie said, tlion, and nniwing hor.lmud to his lips, kissod it - reverently. "How onu T ever runny you? I owe my lifo to you." "No, 110!" she answered, with emotion, " it was Hugli who saved vou— it wus Hugli." Their oyos mot. "Witli hor utlcrnnoe of- thut mono Muoro learnt the seuratof lier love; and Margery, . witli tho .quick instinct of - sympathy, reading' his thoughts, guvo way- to! a burst of tears, and sho sank on her knees beside him, urying passionately. " Oh, to think that I, a humble girl dike me, liavo brought sorrow, to you, whu are so great." "And what is iny grantnoss ?" ho usked, siully ; " liavo you yourself uot taught luo it is nothing— in comparison to; luvo ?" . ,'lho dim light fell upon lior fuce, eneifelcd with its crown of golden hmr, und .to Moore's ' eyes it shone like the othoraulfaoo ofiinuiigel. "Don't griove, little 0110," ho wont' 011, " despite what it hns cost mo, I would endure it all again to realiso tlio world well lost for lovo— tlio lovo of suoli us you." Thou sud denly lio cried out, " Oh, Margery !— Is it all in vain, Margery '?" - She rose to lier feet blushing, but speech less. The stillness grew touso ns ho waited - tlio answer, wliioh did not eomo. She stood so near, had lie put out liis lmnd ho must have touched lier; yot there seamed 'to lio 11 irulf between them lie eould not bridge. All at mice through thu silenco camo the sound of Hugh's voice iu tlio hull culling Margery's name. It wus only a littlo thing ; hat Mooro accepted it iih tho seal of Fute. Involuntarily tlio girl had luoked towards tho door, then, as though -ashamed of her haste, stood still. Mooro caught her huiid mid ulusped it for tho lust time. Reluutautly lio released her. "Goto liini," lio said very low. "Good liight, and may God bless you." Bho wont out into tiio lighted hull, whoro; Hugh wus still unlling hor uumo. " Yes," sho said. Hugh had not dreamod of her coming forth from that door. His faeo - orimsouod with embarrassment and surprise. Margery .was pale, and- lie. saw hor oyes wore bright with tours. "Oil's it's miothing. Gin I kent wliuur ye were " Ho stopped mid looked down at tho-huneh of eluding mul tlu'stlos lie em-rind in liis hand- —his reason for ending hor. He hod heurd Murgory express a wish for sonio to niiiut; " .1 os," repeated Margery. "I wadna lia'o ou'd yo," ho answered, u moving away. " But is this not for 1110 ? Aro you not; going to givo it me ?" sho said.; She touohedK tho yellow and purple posy. . . "Oh, ay !" ho said, incoiiioally, " but I can ' luy it by till yo'ro wantiu' it " , "I want it now," sho said. Sheteok-itu nnhiddoiiuutof his hand, mid hold it toiidorly m hor own, "Thoy hid our two national flowara, Hugh — yours and mine. - Tlioy go woll together." "Moiihu I hevmi yer painter's - oye lor- ooloiu'," lie answered almost brusquely, ' " but I kou tlio thistles urea l'ailt. It sud lino beou- ousllHg'ilid clover." ""Why?" asked she. Tears wore so distant from 'lier lovely eyes now that she dared look straight in his.' " I'm thiukiii' Monro end toll yo that ! " "Hugli,"' she oxciuimcd irrolovautlv, "I should liko to givo you a kiss ! " Hugh mndo an astonislicd baokward stap. ' "I wad futlioryo didna," was his blunt' reply.' > \ "Shall I toll you why? " said she, nothing' ubnshod. "Bouaiiso you have boen so good to mo;" ' . , A flash mora of anger thun pleasure ' flooded Hugh's faeo. ; » "01i,"lio hrokooiit, " I savlt. him for ye, hut I oiidua thole 11 kiss fruo ye for daoin'f't, : I'm no a luddlo ! " TI1611 alio oumo oloso to him, -blushing-' find diflldo'nt; but thoro wastliu light of love in' lior oyes, and, though she spoko so very low, ' Hugh heard lior. word for word. ."Yos, yon are the densest,7 dearest, bravest, nndhest of huhlicH," sho whlspered. " And -' yon are tho only one in tho world to mo.!'"'; . So hp undorstood at last and took hor iii ' his arms, thistles 'mid' ousting und ull, and' claimed the kiss she liad offered. "For," bo said, with . a: happy, ' droll Bmile, "the quoor thing is, I thought I was Ono-and- " nine, and after all it seems I aui Two-aud - tliree!" ' 