IN A YELLOW ENVELOPE.' BY tilLLIK H\MH,TON L'KBNCH. k or moved by her d»or excrpt with noiseless tread. Not a Miami had been permitted to pountruteherruoin rxcept that which no one eould cou Irol— theiucessaut uuduliiting roar of di.itrnctini; lo uiauy ot us than even the jingle of our bells or the jar of heavy trucks. Bub Kleauor irvinK 1ih-1 been accustomed ever since sho could remember to tho noise ut' these cabs, arul slept without hnini: disturbed by them. She had danced nil night. She was conscious, as she Uy on her pillow before falling asleep, Ihut she h*-l never been hnppier in her life. Every »tstl---.tic uotise in her had been satis fled The music of tbe Hungarian hand had ha I just tllut touch of the primitive in it. (if -h« unsubdued wildness of nature— its cry for its nun, its forests and its freedom— breaking out. in the melodies which mitinuil to bur to be long eveu mure to such a niuht of pluasnro and ? dance than thu inure sensuous strains of otter lands. The decorations of the rooms had been all white and guen, as though the woods of early spring hud hern .I.rai-s|ilpiite:l there. She felt at onus in hannoiij with them, and so Ion onscioiiane»s of seit. The perfectoess of her owu appointments, the ^lory of her abounding health, tbe fact that her lover mis satisfied with her, thnt ho was as hippy as she, helped to make her forget everything hut the spirit of bH|ipiiie;i-» that swayed them beth. '.'.' - Tbe clock had struck I welve before she awoke' mill rang her hell. Her nine boms' sleep hud then been aiicomplinhed. Those wbowonJer at the beauty and fresh ness of voting liirls after u winter of dancing, go diffeit-ut !r*m the dry pinched look of many =. more earnest »i»ter, are uot inthe confidence of wutchfill mother* Mid guardians. They do not k mi it how carefully the temperature of the room in which tha ball clems is. removed is regu lated at nigtit, uor how strenuously norne nourishment fot th« weary dniicer is insisted upon — the steaming bouillon, thu milk, or tbe sauilwicli Nor do tbty reulisu b»ir next day ?ill the household is ordulnl for-tlie cumfort of thu lute sleeper— ordered ab if some convales cent; rather than sums irresponsible seeker uftei pleasure, lay in the darkened chamber. Miss Irving's morning' letters neru brought to her on hei breakfast tray, 'there weio always u dozen notes or mure, with curds for teas and invitations for dinners four weeks ahead. No young woman in years hud been a greater suc cess. There was, besides the3e other letters, alwajs.uo matter at wh»t liuur they bad puiti d tun night before, a little uolt tioin her lover, Kiclm'nl Winthrop. Thi.se notes were of the things he never neglected. They wire ou« of thu sentiment? ihn loved best. They helped her, with all the other evidences be gave of a thoughtful, unswerving devotion, to that sense of quiet vet joyful security she felt so sure aud firm, she was freu to bo herself without fear about life, as though tt.e foundations were sure and linn— of wnrp it misunderstanding. She did not ulwayi. read his letter first. It depended very much on who was in the room with her. When h«r old uur»e Martha stajed, as she (lid this morning, Eleanor slipped Win tbrop's letter into tho pocket of her wrapper. She could talk to fllartua about everything else in the world— about Winthrop himself— but his letters were somehow holy ground to her. Martha sat now in front of the lire on a low chair ulwiys reserved for her, took a woollen sock from her iinpla pocket, aud knitted while she wuited. Martha had never outgrown her hutu for;this foot-gear, imbibed op the fit-Id of her early peasant days Eleanor's letters were part of tbe pride of the old' woiuuu'a lit'. They helped to prove the im portance of tbe child to whom shu had given the devotion of years. Eleanor, knowing this, often read her Utters and invitations aloud, evcu to'.thc ; names and addresses oa certain cards For tea. Martha bad a taste lor localities un(i great houses. H was the tenth envelope she had opened and thrown away that morning. ' It looks queer,' Uleauor laid, turning it over in her Viatuj. ' It's Irom «ome poor nun', I supposo 'But it is not signed. I never had 4 letter before without a signature to it.' All anonymous letters are tbe satrio. ! Tley aru never' used lo cuirr tbn swoetj the pure, and the I elprul won!, utti rod without a thought that could iviho for :unc.ujlmeut Tho poisou ous. tho death-dualiusr, thu cruel, and the cow * ? ardly— these the anonymous reserves for itself. ' This one inadouo pretence to sympathy. ' A»k thu man who cull* himself your father, who yuur mother was,'' it ran. ' When I knew hersl.e louk in washing. I lor husband died s drunkard What will your byiu's^proud family aay to that ?' ' ' It's not for me, surely. There is. some mistake,' Eleanor said us she finished 'Hand mo the envelop— that jHlow one Yun, it is adilrcstdto me But what make* your hand tn mble 50 t Nursev, you dear old thing, come here.,; Push my pillow sway, and sit down anil (jet your arm under me thn nay I've always lived 'I h« plan's tniy Ho did jjot mtuii H.n, iu«ull. IToHm jult'' hurt me. Don't ims'dj-; dear I cannot ixpei t to escape anonymous letters.. All famous people have them,'jhe added, laughing With her left bund on ..the old woman's, withered diet k she drew hfr face down toward*: bur owi-, Ijiuj uptuiuel and »re*lhed? in smiles on the curse's breast. ' Ym're white us a ghost, Uo. This ii not light, mine.} If I do not mind, you must not. Jfyou ito this way, 1 will think you beliuve it,'1 xhe find cheerfully; «s ouo sometimes oomfortu mid diverts a .sobbing child. ^ Jlarthii rubbed her cheek ouco or twice acicKs j. ''i tlin girl's lair for.heait. Biit shosaid no word ? '' ri^ Aft- r a moment, tieutly, u- if Kle»uor whs still '. -., Lf'^ . thi (.IrepuiK babv »bL oulb cirrisd in her arms, ' /'If- '' shu lifted the girl's trong, firm hand thnt ? oar j-g^FJ - - r issed iiid b( Id hi r chc ek, and laid it ai ro»s the *'Tt i'?; . sluet, drtw away tl l nm from under Cleanoi-, l^vi*}^ liudlerhi»d tei duly tm thu pillow that she ^fpfS^^i j- smoothed, and, without a word, turned, stilt ?&K; -3v-i ' ,. tceiiiDUni!, nuu Itll tlin room JttfiaA**-'' ' ' 'UH' buv' t0 luka ''' of uer n1--'.' jMf&m;? lih *'or 'Hld' wlie' the cloor tl0SL(l ' ' lleVl ' ^Sj^SSf' thought that i-he v»ai growing old. bhe uiiiida ?^JSLr* thingi *o that happi u to me. 1'oor soul ! I ^3^,. muni think of something very nico to tell her, |f'V ( Homi-tliiiii; «( nieone Inii said to mr, to make her w*jru'« forgot thu bbo does net know what awful letters people get. 1 suppose there wore not, , -,«tiy crankx in her day.' , ' But Eleanor thought i-f uothins to tell her. Instead, she picked the I '-written letter up ^iiHttin and tend it, turned it over, and .read it i' « ugaiit. Then, ibo held it before her without , leading, itiriuj at It with wuli-npes eyes. ^ 'I'hfre was ;»bsolute stillness in the room,, rxcvpt for Iho dt.ultoiy ipinttuni(.s ot ll.o ' soft coal tire ' O itsule, tho_rabt Uill uimblcil. ' I loanor 'if witlu'iit. ^inaytoif, 't mug at the X*-\ Ittiei bai»ieii|TMh*(i'BprJ^n*ui, uul tis-uil the t '^'pi-jiir froip. hor^^oiv gwlul, ' shs ex-' r '_' ' ^luimeil ^'^UiMovM were .-omc utrvous »r ! * unn.innliviAprn4B^| . 1'Jlh'iririt ' , k Shtv 'I']VV\S fSlA'rml -tl. , word' ugaiu. » v ^ t,'\, ' *1' ? ? =? ^: ^??^ ] .$&? t-:-v.^,y- ??. ?. - -?:?.,? x^;:,t -,..;...,- ,.$$& ?''!.'?';......'?'?'??:?.. '.?'??.?'?''?.?..-??:- '? iii^/;-'. ?:?-.?'- '..???'?. .i' !:.-'*??& ' Suppose poor pupn had seen.it,' she said, an 3 sank with the letter outspread before her on the edge of hep sofa. The silence of the n om returned. Eleanor sat without moving. It was her father's oheorful little whistle as he opened tho front door below that at last aroused hor. He always signalled h«r- this way. 'I'm luto for papa,' she said, rising and crushing the lettei iu her hand. 'Dear papa, I've nevrr been so late before. Just a few moments. I'll hurry,' sho called over the banisters. ' 1 had so innuy letters ru-day.' ' 1 won't tell him,' sho said as she dn-ssed. But with ber father's arms about her, bis dear fscr near Ler own, she broke down and read the letter to him. She was not used to concealments with him, even those she thougl.t might spare him pain. There had never been any pain the bad knowu hefere to spare be tween them, or to eive her precedents to follow. ' Nursey felt worse than 1 did,' Eleanor added. ' 1 toll! her the man was crazy. You can tell by his letter on this old half-sheet that he is not a gentleman.' Neither Eleanor nor her father drove that day. The horses came, waited before the door, and were seut away. Neither «as anyone win. oa me a limited to the library. Behind its closed doors, through hour after hour of that after noon, the tragedy of two lives was played. To Eleanor the hirdest part, at lirst, was not the thought of hf r humble birth, but the fuut that this man she hud called her tather was bound lo her by no ties of blood, nor she to him, so prone are we' all in crisis and emergencies to look tirst to the laws of flesh. Even in her grief, when witli ;the crv of the child she held out her arms to him, something in her kept her from touching him,t. Jt wos the crudest stab of nil to Irving, though the tenderness and com panion of the uiau made him understand the girl's reluctauce. 'It was only after the awful dizziness aud sense of blinding isolation that came from the sudden breaking of physical ties had passed away that the confusion in her own mind was cleared, and she herself was uble to rise abovs the ruin of her old beliefs to stand before him ai she had done until new know ledge caum in the glad certninty of » love all tenderntss and protection, born of no physical bond, dependent an noun, supreme in its law of sympathy iiud understanding. m In herowu bedroom afterwards, thinking it all over, Kleauor could recall but little or their talk— only gestures', broken wor.is, oomfortiug careisea. There were three things, however, that stood out with dread and terrible distinct ness ; the picture of the young woman, ill at tie time, bendinc ovef a wash-tub ou-the porch of a broken-down .cptintry house ; and the other picture of the chiljl playing about the woman's feet— tbe child whose marvellous beuuty had attracted Mr. Irvine us he drove by. Then the desolitiou of tbuabaudoned, broltt n-h wn house, from which the sick mother, had disap peared when Mr/irving having left the child at home with his own wife, drove out for news of the mother next day. Strangely enough, Eleauor hail not thought ol Winthrop. It was the sight o* his still un opened letter that recalled him. Maltha had found it in the wrapper pocket and put it on her dressing-table. Martha, though Eleauor did not know it lay at the time face downward on ber oivn pillow in the little back room upstair.', her whole frame shaken with sobs. Sadder even thua a man iu tears is an old woman who cries —cries with tho passioa and despair of vouth. It never occurred lo Eleanor to read Wio throp's letter. Somehow she felt~sbe could nut until he knew the truth about her. Nor did it occur to her to conceal tho truth from him. She was careful, however, uot to dress bei salf in the colours or tbe clothes he fancied most. A ci i tain courage in her, a pride, per haps, a sudden new perception, hardly grasped, ?jf what his love must bp, atood out against all thought of weak advantage for herself. She moved about with unbroken calm composure, tailing only once, wheu a fierce, quick surge of feeling overwhelmed her, and throwing her tight-clanped bauds sver her bead she leaned her forehead against the door and cried, ' Ob, God I . I wanted ;to give him someihing with out spot «f blemish— Hove him so.' - ... She lifted her ha ml and held it palm out waru iow»ru winiurop wuen, » little later, he oame forward to. nisei her in the parlour jjelow. '? Not. yet, Dick dear.', she said— ' not yet. first,' here's your ownlelter. 1 never gave yuu one ofyout'.t unoponec. before. Yon don't win! to take it. On, I don't woudor; But, Diok, read this.' . ^ .; ' :,- ... .???',;. ? :2' ~ i}: ': '? She watched his face as he read tbo.orumpleJ sheet. There, had never been .fear oiooi.ceal meat between thonY. '^ She wiis.iiol afiaid now.; She had lid thought ilf the; future', uouedKthe^ past, und but one (lesiie— that no shadow of un tiuth shouhl mar tbe perfect brightness between them. ' She was couscilus of jaonnguish,lno -uspeu»e, no desire to tutu her ejes siwuy, as ll.ose huve who fear, thnt revelations' maybe made. Elranorkiiew there was noll.ini! to dread Somehow the souls of these two bud knowu each other 'first. Richard Wjiithrop read the letter rapidly -ith ..indrawn jj)realb.i, ;./riieii, .ilroppfu/ it, stepped* o,uicfc'iy''fci ward, bis arms utheld loo iSJeanor. 'My little girl ('was all he saia. ~ Alt?rward«,-tJie/-Tl^'Dg':; sile'hta^ done when Le held her close,' fie- took her f we between his palms, and beading, kissed her on her forehead, then upon both hands. ' These are my rever euce ,'fqr yoiT/my^ady, lirst,' he said, ?' beforo i'tduch Tour'lips;1 my sweetheart. Dearest,' hu added, with bis palms on her ohetks ugaiu, i'i.wbat are -any or all of these things to you and' me r' TvMurtba^slept on a littlejdbt'by El«aiior'» bed1 cbat- big'lit. 'All the ?teuilefu'ess of Ihegirrnas far: the old woman. She southed her with gentle- words, and listened while. she was told .stories of the pretty child uiveu ber long ago to .uara-iur, nuu oi mo love qi iuisjirving for it— « love -s teuder as!°-if the ctik had been her own; and then of thepromisc made by Martha; when Mrs. Irving was (lying, that Mnrtha would keep tbe little till from, ull knowledge tuul would hirm her. To Eleanor It seemed, as she waked next morning that the world of love was more beau tiful than she had ever dreamed— her little world with;- its three people. nearest her, Mr. Irving, now moru .her fatksr than over. Win tbrop, and Martha. The pain by which she hud been taught its. beauty wait as nothing to the glory of what she hbw knew its beauty to be It was when her troy witu its letters frum tl e great social world outside was brought, Jtiubaru's daily letter tucked a'hiuug them, that a sudden piercing consciousness camn to her of what that other world would say, to nhich he *uu nue ribo oure leiuLiuusuip — u\ac great social world with its traditions and its customs, its binding laws and sharp dividing lines, An iuevitabiu reaction followed, and she quailed before it, while with morbid senses, first awakened, she dwelt upon the power ofj kocial forces to destroy ber. 'They have uot loved roe nor courled me. but my position, tbe woman they thought I was with tbn blood of thn Irvings in my vtiui.' She left h»r bre»kfust,iuiln»ted, Winthmp's letter unread She moved uhom ||)U room with restless step. She dreued aloHc, with long pauses. Nuw ami then, for moments at a time, ber head wis buried in her arm strotcbtd along the edge of her ilrrssiag table. Two or three times she looked out of thr windows of her sitting-ioiim ami turned away. ?' Oh, tin world— the world !' she said. ' Ought I to make Kietaanl suffer ?' 'A oarri»Ro' stoppeil before hor door— a car ri»fie with twu'mrn tin the lox Kleauor atood ?:'. ' ^ v' -' \- '? * . - ;«r'-i-':. by the window as if frozen, while the footman sprung to thu pavement. Two women stepped out— an elderly lady with soft grey hair a»d proud poise of the head, and a younger woman with grave face. A sharp cry broke from Eleanor's lips as they mounted the steps, ' Dick's mother and Margaret .' I bad forgot ten to think of them. How can I ever tell them ?' She rang the bell for Martha, and stood by the closed dour, trembling with suspense. ' Nursey,' she called, as it opened But Martha bad not come. The woman who en tered wns Mrs. Wiuthrop. Mrs. Wintbrop's f-tce was luminous. For the' Arat time Eleauor saw a look of Kicbard round the mouth. Mrs Wiuthrop put both bauds on Eleanor's shoulders. ?? My little girl !' sho skid. The words, too, were like Itichard's. ' I have known all about it for twenty years.' 