A LUCID INTERVAL. The thing- seemed hardly credible on Change; but Bob Walsinghanr (of Wai singham Brothers. St. Swithin’s, Bane. E.C.) was desperately ill • That: most robust, cheery, and gene rous of middle-aged city men—a unique “character'’ in, his extensive- social circle, the pillar of half a dozen clubs, the life and entertainment of a score of households—was lying helpless - on his bach, pale, wasted, and delirious, de plored alike by the city and the West End. At an earlier stage 'in the illness clerks and brother directors had called almost daily, asking for five minutes’ conference or the mere signature of a document. “Impossible!” was ’.the, answer of the sacred domestic. “Mr Walsingham could see no-one—could not even write his name.” The strawed roadway of the great red-brick house looking on Kensington Cardens was trampled by a dozen pairs of carriage horses every morning, while -footmen glanced at the muffled knocker Land haiuled in cards of condolence. ' Friends had the consolation of knowing ’ that .everything money-Jcpijld do would as suredly he done for one who in health seemed to enjoy no pleasure like that of giving—an elementary-, pleasure. no doubt. Bob Walsingham was not a man. of advanced Ideas, though what he had were highly valued on many com mercial boards. A stanch adherent of the existing order of things,-it would never have occurred to him to doubt the merits of large fortunes and liberal ex penditure. As it was. while he lay, eminent specialists, for whom the hour glass ran in golden sands..met, consult ed, and advised day after day, and, hav ing carried off hundreds of guineas and recommended the expenditure of hun dreds more, agreed that there really was nothing to be done but to trust to care ful nursing and let the’disease run its course. This they said in a manner im plying that each individual of them could have arrested it by raising a fin ger had they not preferred another me thod of cure Miss Lina Farebrother—the brightest, strongest, readiest, lightest handed of helpful womankind, (he pick of the great St. Stephen’s Ambulance and Nur sing Association—faced with serene self possession the responsibilities imposed upon her. “Precisely because of her ex cellence and • comparative youth, the censorious and slightly jealous Lady Superior of the establishment (such littleness do sometimes impair the utility of such admirable associations) had particularly enjoined Miss Fare brother not to forget “her position.” But the girl’s plain dress and particu larly deferential manner could no more coriceal the fact that she was a lady than a nurse’s cap concealed the luxu raince of her black hair. Mr Walsiug ham’s sister and his two nieces—he was the most popular of bachelor uncles— bowed down to her lightest word or look; and in their desperate strait she ruled the house with a noiseless despo The patient’s earlier remarks to her had thrown little light upon his imme diate needs and feelings, obscured as they were by the conviction that he was the centre of an important telephonic system" into which the correspondents of .several English and American firms were pouring the most fatuous sugges tions. “I wish to the d-——1 you wouldn't ail talk,at once,” he burst out; and there followed a rigmarole of disordered wit and wisdom, social and mercantile, the lucidity and precision of which failed to -render it intelligible to .Miss Farebro ther. “If you want a flutter, iny boy. don’t touch those Spanish fours.” .A weary smile played over the wasted face. “Much better spend it on cham pagne. Will last longer. ...” “There; there,” said the nurse, re arranging liis pillow “Pay for it!” was the answer. “I’ll be banged if you do!” His voice dropped. “The poor beggar’s only got three hundred a year.” His expression passed into one of more se rious grievance as he looked hard intc the nurse’s hazel eyes. “I can’t conceive why ever they put you on the direction . . . You’re quite the worst banka I ever knew.” As her voice seemed to soothe the pa tient she felt bound to assent to man} of his propositions. She made no at tempt to defend her character as r banker, but merely shifted the ice or his head. Pressed on an economic ques tion concerning sugar bounties, sht •promised not to say another word in fa vor of “that d-d ‘Consumer,’ ” anc expressed a gentle sympathy for Mi Walsingham’s obscurer troubles. Nc doubt it was rather trying to find your self the drum of a telephone, when yor had been brought up for the church; anc she would certainly wire the Hong Ivon; agents (omitting bad language) and saj so. Such was the daily programme Xoi weeks of patient watching, durinj which the sufferer's eyes, when no closed in disturbed slumber, followec her with weary attention round tht worn. His delirium was of the kind it which the mind, like a fish struggling on the hook, alternately surged up t< .the light, swam near the surface, anc plunged again into the deeps. There came, a day—the fortieth or fit tieth, perhaps, of her charge—when hi utterances struck the nurse as more re markable than ever: for he broke off ; warm discussion on West Indiai freights to turn his pale face full upoi her and say : “Come here, Lina—your name is Lina isn’t it?” “What do you want?” said Miss Fare brother,- mechanically ; but the voie from the pillows went on : “And a dev—a very pretty name, say. . . . Look here, Lina, I’v watched you, and I can see what : trump of a girl you are—the sort t make any man happy. Oh, don't yo: talk!”—he seemed to fear she should II up intervals left by his exhaustion; bu Miss Farebrother, robust and cornel} stood and watched the patient, he hands crossed on hdv apron, but he heart, it must be added, beating a tur ■ over the orthodox rate. “I'm a poc i sort of a feller. I know,” the voie ' struggled on, “but I’ve got the deuce c \- a constitution, and I shall pull throug , this all right. . . And look here. Line • if I do”—the voice was very feeble now , “will you marry me?” > The haggard eyes fixed hers. “Wi > Not quite sure how far the soothin policy of assent ought to be carried, si ; answered, gently: “Well, well; we’ll sc i about it when you’re-” “Will—you—marry—me ?’-’ persists ; the patient,-faintly. “If you do”—1 : interrupted another vague expostuh \- tion—“I’ll make you as happy as L queen. . . . If you don't, I’ll be ill ,• ... for weeks and months, l \- Jove. . . . And you’ll "have 'the deui ; of a time, and”—the ghost o£ his lo i jovial self whispered—“I’ll cut dou your screw. . . Will you .?• .. . [■ The sufferer strove to raise himse \- on his elbow, breathing with an ei'foi i while intermittent color flashed into li \- face. Every moment of this exciteme was malting him worse. The nurse touched his arm and rea justed the pillow. “Very well.” s' L> said, “I’ll marry you." But as the e " cited features subsided- into instant v e pose and the haggard eyes closed, e sudden trembling rendered her hand le steady than usual. As the pa-tien. face, averted from tiers,.sank on to the pillow, she heard him' say (aii’d the .simple words filled her with a strange fear),' ‘‘Tell Lizzie not to,‘ forget.. that turtle-soup for the Clarkes.’' A mo lnent later lie was asleep, The-.purse met Miss; Walsingham , on the brdadr-'spfUy-car*pet’eai'stairsl ,t‘He's resting now,” ,she- said'. ..and 1 mentioned the. injunction ' coneeming\;;,the .’sou-p. ‘’Oh,” saidvSOss '.Walsingliatnit-ytheipocir sick. parsontln Bethnal Green,'-. Bid The say chat? At..Then. he -must.: have .been quite sensible.” “I don’t know,” said the nurse, “he’s been talking; a great deal. . . about-things iii the city, and . and . '. . ohl all kinds' of nonsense.” ; - . : • : Miss' Fhrebrother biusitcd the .blush of,health and inhocencel fb:, tiie'.roots of her lustrous hair.': • ThiSe&isfnui; .middle-, aged lady eyed her kindly bur closely, and reflected on the occasionalfreedom, even before . ladies. , of :..her brother's* language. She took the girl’s hands in hers. “My dear," she said. “I may call you tliaL? We’re rather-—what.;shall ■ J> sav—a_ sporting lot:. But; bui- .hearts-ure all right, i dp hope Bpb-dkTn’t say; aiiyv thing-, very., dreadful...-'if he did. yon must forgive us... We'ishull never, ii.evbr'. kiiow liqw to thank you for what: yoti have dphe^apd. Bob- my-brotbeV, Tit).-is';.’ T can tell you, the‘best’,'truest.’kindest soiil on God'S earth:"-' The gold-rinv.ned glasses slipped from the speaker's eyes and'“showed diem flowing with tears. The girl, more professionally self-pos sessed, could not resist her motherly embrace, but mingled her own.. tears with reassuring smiles. “Oh, dear Miss Walsingham, pray-- don't think anything- of the kind; and I know, I can see, how good and kind; lie is. l*t was all nonsense, but he - - he called me by. my, name, Lina.; and . . . and asked me to marry him. and . . . and. to quiet him, you know..I. . . . ^I,said I would.” Miss. Walsinghani/StLIle'd a burst of laughter in her laced handker chief, but. recovering, looked more se rious. “I don’t know what Lady Adel,a Gresham would say to - that; hut—she need never know.” The.implied sense of this remark of Miss” Walsinghatn’s was not tine; but she thought it politic, even kind, underjjie circumstances, and it had the basis of fact that she very much wished Bob to marry Lady Adela. One afternoon, after about a week of gradual but irregular recovery, the in valid suddenly and quietly awoke from a long sleep in a. luxurious arm-chair in the sunny sitting-room. The sentinel was still at her post. “Is that you?” he said in tlio level ac cent of a continual discourse. There was nothing in the question, but its tone struck on her experienced ear as the newly tuned note on a musician's. Bob Walsingham had been quite right when he said that he had the deuce of a. fine constitution. A faint color glimmered in llis cheeks, and his face was at rest. There was even in Its expression a spice of the jovial mischief which was to him a second nature. She smiled quiet pro fessional approval. “You’ve had a good sleep." “I’ll be dashed if it wasn’t a close thing,” he added, with a mild aii of self-congratulation. “You might have got on at 11 to 1, and made a hat ful of money; hut it doesn't matter now, I guess I talked a record lot of rot, Where on. earth is the daily paper?” For some absurd rea son the nurse turned as -white as the margins of the ‘‘Tiroes” she handed him. He was allowed to read a little now ; ii was usually' a pretence, ending in healthful nap. and she hanked up the ■ pillows a bit to facilitate the process. “By the way,” said the patient sud denly. from behind the "Times,” "where would-you like to go for the . what d’.yerJeaU .it?—the—honeymoon?” The nurse had complete command '-at .; herself this time. .A touch of-excite ment, ,of fanciful romance, had enliven ed the martyr-like drudgery of her life. The Walsinghams had been kind, gene rous; hut gratitude must never be con fused with love; and it was highly ab surd of her not to have reflected—befort repeating the nonsense to Miss Walsing ham—on its obvious explanation. As tc the name, why' “Adela” might he “Ade line”—and so many' girls’ names endec that way. It would he very' improbable that he could have known her—Mis: Farehrother’s—own name, though hi: sister had affectionately' called her by' i once or twice. So she simply' said wondering if he was awake to hear it : "While you are away', do you mean . . . Oh, I hope you’ll be we! enough then, for Lady Adela-” Did the invalid “say a swear,” as he had sometimes sworn in his delirium ‘ She preferred to believe that he only muttered, “What on earth d’you knov about Lady Adela?” 1 “I beg pardon.” murmured Miss Fare brother; "I—I thought you • were—en gaged.” “So I am engaged,” said Bob Wai ’ singham simply: “have been for a for; -three weeks past.” .There was no want of color in tin nurse's fac-o now. : “Would you mind picking up tin ‘Times?’ ” said Bob Walsingham. H< could quite well have picked it up foi 1 himself; and it was not the paper, a: ' she stooped and replaced it, on whicl ' his large and bony baud closed. 1 “Lina,” he said—she could not, oi would not, tear herself away from him though the grasp was no longer that o. • the helpless sufferer—“you promised > y'Oii know-—-” “Oh, Mr Walsingham!” she said, ern i barrassed by her own truthful instincts : “I-thought you meant—I mean ” 1 ' “You' meant,”'-lie interjected — “ ant Bob is what they call me.” • , “I .only meant”—her voice came in ; broken whisper—“I only said that to \- to make you”—the right words wouh 2 not come—“to make y'ou better.” “It’ll be a lon'gish business,” he sighei 1 genially; “a sight longer than this fevei 5 but I believe y'ou’ll do it, if any one Can i . . There’s Lizzie coming. You migh > ring for tea.” ! The convalescent was observed t 1 chuckle a good deal over the first lette ’. he wrote, which was addressed in r. somewhat shaky hand to “The Lady Su r perior of the St. Stephen’s Ambulant-. rl Etc.. Association,” and concluded wit r a paragraph which nearly gave that cli: e, tinguisbed matron a lit:—“Mr Walsini. .*■ ham would be glad to know if any exit . charge is made in the event of the pa ’ j tient marrying-tlie .nurse, and in vie of such a possibility begs enclose cheque for L500.” ‘ Probably no more loving couple we: ever married at St- Peter’s Church : be " the shameless husband was often hear e to say in after-life. “You'see, she’d foun e out all about me. I couldn’t have let In I marry any one else;”.and queenly Mi c‘ Walsingham. her fine hair ablaze wit e diamonds, would blush for him and smi •' ingly own that during her engagenre: a as nurse she “had learnt the worst.” • “St,.James’ Budget.” st A Fresh Supply.—“Have you the i: n spiration of the muses to-day ?” ask. . the caller of the attic poet. “No, b I’ve sent out for a quart.” If Mr Srley (savagely) : That confound, t. baby is always crying. What’s wro: is with him? Mrs Surley (sweetly) : K ’.t got your temper, love. Differing Tastes.—“If there be an 1- thing in the world I hate,” said t re proud plutocrat, “it is being patronize) w “There’s nothing I like better,” said 1 e- ' acquaintance, who keeps the corner gi ss They who forgive most, shall he mi :'s • fos’g^SJi.—Bailey. 