He Was Haunted. Fisolier'b ghost has been laid, to the regret of those who have cherished him as u winter story tor the fireside. He is no longer believed to sit on top of a three-railed fence as a clue to the discovery of his bones in a stagnant pool. But there is a man in the Glebe, Bydney, who was haunted by a spectre which no** left bim. It was with him as he sat all day mending shoes, and in the dark and silent watches of the night it clung to him, and he began to look upon it as a fearful part of himself until his time would come to enter into the spirit land. It was a grim nnd horrible experience, and all his days and nights were spent in trying to J solve the enigma of its presence, and the way I I that ho could lay it, as they had laid l'isher's | ghost. The worst of the matter was that it was invisible to alt but himself; he was worse j than haunted, it tortured him, for this spectre loved to give him pain. At length the means were given to him to tree himself of iLs hateful presence, and he describes hiB last fight with it to our representative who waited upon him at 80 Bridgo-road, Glebe.—" For the past eight years," Baid Mr. Wm. Burke, shoemaker, " I have endured very much from constipation and piles; no medicines seemed to do ue good. At night I could not Bleep, and by day I was too drowsy to do my work. Nothing I took could free me of pain, until I tricl Dr. Morse's Indian Soot Pills, and now I can say that they are the best remedy I have ever known, as they do not gripe or weaken, and yet do ail that is said of them. I am a better man to-day than I have been for years. It is a grand cure." Dr. Morse's Indian Boot l'Uls cure suah cases. They arc a positive cure for liver ailments, Hick headache, biliousness, indigestion, dys pepsia, constipation, foul breath, sallow com plexions, and a perfcct blood purifier, curing eczema, pimples and blotchos, and all skin diseases. As a woman's friend they stand alone. Bold by chemists nnd storekeepers; price, Is 8d per bottle. Australian Branch of W. H. Comstock Co., Ltd , CH l'itt-street, Syd ney* N.8.W. Bold wholesale in Queensland by Messrs. Elliott Bios., Ltd., Brisbane. Each * bottle has the fall name blown thereon, and I the wrapper bears the signature of Wm. H. I Comstock. Avoid substitutes, and see that you gct(ti«geuuia«. 