Our Departments ! IX.— Hospital Visiting. Many a poor sick soul in one or other of our city hospitals will have cause to praise God through all eternity for the C.M.M, Every week the Evangelists and Sisters are at work for iheir Master in the various charitable institutions of the city, and many a dear soul has thus been pointed to Christ. The following interesting article, by the pen of one of the Sisters, will furnish a fair idea of the kind of service that is there being rendered to our suffering felluw-creatures : — Life and its problems is an eternal subject of meoitation to the thinkers of to-day, bur, after visiting - Newington Asylum, the mysteries of life preps harder than ever upon one's soul. There are seven hundred women here ! Somebody's mother, and sister and daughter ! Each one with a separate history, a sacred, and perhaps a sad, sinful past, an individual sorrow, and an immortal soul. Oh! God, a soul! It was to reach and help these souls we had gone, and we prayed as we went that the Great Physician would Himself accompany us and prescribe the right remedy for each particular case. After eating our lunch and enjoying a cup of tea kindly pro vided by the matron, we gathered to gether our tracts and papers, the song book and concertina, aud started off on our visiting tour. Reaching the new cottages, we notel with pleasure how comfortable and cosy they were, and rejoiced to find there some of 'the Lord's own.' It was sweet to hear one Old Quavering Voice repeating -that: ever blessed-psalm — r ,- .1- ? :i The Lord's my Shepherd. I'll not want ; ? . He makes me down to lie, In pastures green He. leadeth The quiet waters by.' After a few words, a song and a prayer, we passed on to speak about ' the Light of the world ' to a poor woman . who had been blind for over thirty years. The hospital wards then claimed our attention, and while Sister Marie specially visited one patient, we passed to others, and found one poor woman in great pain — a woman who had spent ALL HER LIFE IN BED, and must then have been over 40 years of age. Speaking of Jesu*, and His tender love and care, many of the sick ones replied, ' Oh, yes, that's true ; if it wasn't for Him I don't know what I'd do.' Leaving the cottages behind, we reached the boy's quarters, and bad an interesting chat with two of them, the ?others being in school. One of these lads was sitting in an invalid's chair, and I imagine I see him now — a .gentle-looking, pale-faced boy, with a wistful look in his eyes uplifted to ?ours, and a light of resignation on his quiet face. He sat with his hands crossed before him, and his legs fixed to the chair, ' to keep them from jumping,' he explained, 'which they do sometimes.' ' I've been an invalid from rheumatism for eight years,' he said in reply to our queries. ' Yes, ;the time doeB seem long sometimes, but I can read a little,' and the ghost of a smile lit up his pale face. The matron ?came in to the room before we left and referring to this lad, said, 'He is patient as a lamb and never complains.' Again we entered a hospital ward and this time found ourselves among the victims of cancer. Some of them had heard the distant strains of the singing and pleaded for a song. ' Give us ' Thy will be done,' Sisters please,' one woman said, and then sat with the tears coursing down her cheeks as the plain tive words rang out. ' If pining sickness waste away My life in premature decay ; My Father still I strive to say, Thy will be done.' The afternoon was quickly passing and still there were many' scores of women to whom we had not even spoken, so crossing the garden, we hurried over to a number seated in a row on the verandah. We pave round the tracts and papers and then started a song and they gathered round in a large group and one or two joined, with shaky voices in singing : ' When the shades of night are falling, And the hour has come to die, Hear thy trusty Leader calling : I will guide thee with Mine eye.' ' Thanks, sisters,' one woman said in a choking voice ; ' I'd 'ave walked a . mile to hear that.' There is a wonderful power in music, and in those hearts, no doubt, it brought back to memory ' days of long ago.' Indeed, one old woman said, ' I learned that at my mothers knee,' and probably there would rise before her mind's eye the picture of the old home, the loved mother, the baby sister, and herself as a young innocent girl, and the then and the now would be a contrast too painful to dwell upon. The clock had run on to half past four, and the women's tea time had come. Those who were disabled had theirs on the verandah seat, while those who could get about easily, went into the large dining-room, which was a sight to see with its thirty- six tables, each seating eight women. Leaving them to the enjoyment of their hot tea and cake, we said ' Good-bye,' and made our way down to the wharf to await the arrival of the boat, thanking God for a healthy body, and a spot which we could call ' Home, sweet home.' ?--:.' - Sister Florence. ._,. 