THE MAH . EMPRESS. We all laughed at the skipper, but no one took him seriously. “Let us have it again. Jack,” said Ed mund Ross, who sat on the bulwarks looking as severe as a Burmese idol. “Is it a love-letter or a despatch, or a bit of both? You're-very close about it.” The Austrian officer, a pretty manikin with a grand air indescribable, had re turned to the quay...by this time. We could still see- his.vgreen uniform and shining sword as he clanked his spurs upon the flags and went strutting back to his hotel. He had-come aboard the yacht to delivey-.'a-letter to our skipper, and that letter was now safe in old Jack’s hat. ■ "It’s this way.” exclaimed the skipper presently as lie filled a pipe and wormed himself into his deck-chair;- “the Em press yonder wall going to Karos to night to a fete and gala and as many mutton chops as the unspeakable Turk could lay hands upon. This letter in my hat is to say that she’s changed 1 her mind and means to stay where she is.' The little Austrian man is her aitlct or something and should by rights be alloat with the document himself. But lie heard that we were to sail by Karos, and so we’re going instead , of him. I don’t want to take away his character, but if it isn’t a woman that keeps iiim ashore, it ought to be.”. Edmund .Ross-sighed ’audibly at the thought of such a pleasant detention. “I wish you hatl grounds to take away my character in the same-way.” said hev Kent, .our- doetqrV>&\--conflrm.ed_,imiso gamist, yawned at “Solomon's” aspira tions, and found energy enough to bor row a tobacco pouch. “Karos” lie exclaimed. . where the deuce is Karos? Sounds like something out of a Greek grammar.” The skipper surveyed him with a cer tain measure ol' pleasant contempt. “I’m not going to dispute your moral qualities, doctor,’’ said he, “but I’ll take leave to say that your knowledge of geo graphy would not feed hens. Karos, let me .tell you, is an island of one thousand inhabitants, fifteen miles due east exact ly from this town of Zara.” “Any people on it?” asked “Solomon.” “I said there were a thousand inhabi tants.” answered the skipper savagely, “Quite so, but they needn’t'be people. Take that hotel yonder. I would wager there are two million inhabitants, habits predatory, instincts nocturnal-'’ “Don’t interrupt tlie geography.” cried the doctor; “the subject is the island of "Which you’ll see for yourselves in a couple of hours if this wind holds. I promised the little Austrian chap that I’d take the letter for him and postpone the banquet. There’s no such thing as a cable from the mainland to Karos, and if we hadn’t done him a turn he’d now be washing -himself’in a launch. It isn’t pleasant work for me. all the same. The Turkish governor turned me out bag and baggage at an hour's notice. I’d give something to go" one better on that if I could see my way.” “Why not eat his banquet?” suggested “Solomon.” The skipper sat up at the idea—the rest of us laughed at “Solomon’s” iinpu “Tf we’d a woman aboard that would pass at a. pinch for the Empress, ’twould be easy.” said he. “Borrow a skirt and dress up ‘Solo mon.’ ” remarked the doctor; “it will be dusk when we make the place. I can not honestly say that ’Solomon’ is beau tiful. but he will pass muster in the dark with the light behind him.” “The only drawback being.” I sugges ted, “that we shall find a hundred Aus trians in tlie town who know their Em press well.” “There’s not one,” said the skipper de cisively. “Karos has been an island of Turks for a thousand years, and is an island of. Turk .now. There are nut a dozen Austrians in the' place, though Austria is; the mistress-of it. The only man to split on us would he the Prefect. I saw him in Zara an hour ago. and he's safe- anyway.' He came across to pre sent himself to the Empress and will re main here while she is here. You see, she’s never been to Karos, though she’s promised to go a dozen times. I don’t doubt that if we had the nerve, we might eat their banquet as ‘Solomon’ suggests. ’Tis a great idea entirely-!” We all laughed at the skipper, as I have said, but I don’t think anyone took him seriously-. These days of ours upon the Adriatic had been glad days of non sense unredeemed, of unbroken idleness and content, of dreamy wanderings from island to island and haven to haven in the spouseless sea. All that was serious in life we had left behind us. An old world, the world of the crescent and the cross; old seas, the seas which the gal Ic-ys of Venice had won and the unspeak able Turk had dyed with blood carried us out of civilisation remotely to the lan guor and the indolence, which prevail upon the thresholds of the East. We came to Zara with no object to pursue, no ends to serve. The maraschino town, 1 “the town of blessed insensibility,” as Bill the bos’un called it (and he was no esoteric Buddhist craving for nirvana) was to us but a name. We cared noth ing for its sights or its' people. We -warped to its quay- while the hands went ashore for water and fresh fruit, and came back so "impressed with the won ders of the city (and the flavor of maras chino) that they could not speak a word. Our desire was to be off and away- again —to the islands of forest and the sunny homes which harbor the outcast and the brigand. We had no part or lot in cities; we shunned them in the best spirit of leisure perfected. It was on our second day at Zara that the private yacht of the Empress of Austria, which was then cruising in the j Adriatic, put into, the harbor. Our men, fraternising with the crew of the Royal i yacht, told us that she was on her way | to Korfu, but was, meanwhile, visiting j certain of the less frequented islands, j which treaties had snatched from Italy and given to Austria. To this informa tion her Majesty-’s aide-de-camp, >wlio lunched with us on the third day-, added the news that the Empress was very de sirous to see the little Turkish island of Karos, and was to be_ feted there when she left - Zara.- - Indisposition on the fourth day compelled her to postpone the banquet, which the enthusiastic island had prepared. Her aide-de-camp hast ened to find a tug or launch, which would carry him and his official dispatch to the Turkish governor. A chance word with our skipper, Jack Ward, relieved him of this difficulty. We offered to sail to the island and to deliver the letter. We suggested, also, that we should eat the governor’s banquet, as you have For my part, I dismissed Master Ross' grotesque idea as the merest persiflage. That the others would remember it, I could not believe. They all went ashore to buy maraschino shortly after our calk, and it was not until seven hells in the afternoon watch that I saw them again. At this time, too, the hands began to come aboard, some with bottles of the pleasant liqueur in one hand, some with bottles in both, others dragging bottles by pieces of string as children drag Their progress was slow, for they stopped often to draw the corks of then treasure and to prime themselves for future labors. Jake Carter’s observa tion, “that it was stuff to turn your halt red,” quite warranted the skipper’s peremptory order that every; man Jack t of them should stand and deliver at the j gangway. Ten. minutes afterwards we . had crossed the har'oor bar and were standing for ICaros under a fresh north | easier which sent the spray clean over us and compelled old Jack to cry "Down topalls.” We shall make the place in an hour an^ ' said he. watching the can vas with an old seaman’s joy; "if there's a yacht in the Adriatic to be named v. ith the Golden Fleece, stop my. tobacco. See how she rises to them, my lad. It's a sight to make a man glad lie was born.” 1 1 smiled at the notion that any pos sible contingency might stop Jack Ward .= tobacco, and asked him what the others were doing. "They’re below trying on the tog gery,” said he: "upon my life. I’m lialf " filing to listen to them. If would be easy enough if we had the nerve: Mas ter •Solomon' has it anyway. I looked in the cabin just now and nearly had a lit. He’s bought a rig-out in Zara and so has the doctor. You should go and • hai e a peep, at them. It will give you ■ an appetite for dinner." "Jack,” said I, “you’re not serious: You. don't really mean to say that they will go on with it.’.”’ “Indeed and I do. And it's not me that will stop them, d’ve a score against that governor chap I’d be very willing to pay. Why should I stop them? i’ll not stop them at all. bedad. What’s more. I'll, have my fingers in the pie if there's anything tasty going. Faith, it will be just as easy as plucking sheep, ■and ho 'more risk, anyway; ! ■ know; . Karosj.better.than.most jjf yqu. It's fivth hundred years behind, the" times;‘"arid \ Turkish to the heart of it. Wlial’s to stop us going ashore?—not the governor chap or his suite, for there’s not a man among them who has five words of Ger man or twenty of Italian. The Em press has never been there in her life. How should they know her? Bedad, ‘Solomon’ is just the nattiest Empress you ever clapped eyes upon—and more than they deserve into the bargain.” Jack had a habit of dropping into his ancestral Irish when something in terested him beyond the ordinary' It was a picture to see his great sun-dial of a face, hanked by bushy whiskers for tine wind’s sport, and hall-marked with . the ruddy sign and seal of a life of travel. The very voice of the man used to brace me up. I felt when I stood at his side that I could defy nations. “Now. .Tack,” said I, “be serious for once in your life. You don’t tell me that this idea is going farther than the deck?—it’s too preposterous!” His answer was to thrust his hands deep into his pockets and to laugh like j some great baby. It was the roar of a wild animal amused. When I turned ; round I saw that a procession of three, emerging from the chief cabin hatch way. had provoked him to the display. First came Doctor Kent dressed in a gilt and tinsel Austrian uniform, which must . have been quite recently the property of a fifth-rate Jew dealer in Zara. Bright blue in color, ornamented to the point of the grotesque with sham gold lace and silver stars, whose glitter blinded you, no actor in a “fit-up” company would have condescended to wipe his boots on such a uniform. Yet the doctor carried it as one to the material born. It was comical beyond expression to see him strut the deck with the gimcrack sword, now between Ills legs now trailing be hind him, now threatening to cut off the ears of the speechless bo’smi. And if he was ridiculous, what shall I say for Edmund Ross? I shouted with laughter directly he came up. The roar of ap plause V/ith which the crew greeted him was like a saivo of artillery. Tears rolled down the men’s faces: Even Jake Carter at the wheel let the yac-ht go off' three points and was not rebuked. Never was such a spectacle seen upon a ship. But -a fuller word upon this amazing costume which was to bring us into sucl- a tight place presently.-antl to threaten us with an Austrian prison, as you shall hear. It seemed that'“Solo-' moil” had been straight to the largest lady’s tailor in Zara, and there had bought a close-fitting, tailor-made habit in dark green cloth—such a habit as the Empress was wearing at that very moment upon her own yacht. A green deer-stalker hat with a plume in it, and a pair of “elastic-sides” completed his outfit. To these he added a huge German pipe, which, being stuck jauntily at the side of his mouth, gave him an air indescribable and inimitable. I never knew what a comedian Edmund Ross was until I saw him play the role of the Empress of Austria, and, in that costume, dance us a Highland Fling on the deck of the Golden Fleece. “Support me some of you, or I shall die,” roared the skipper. “Did ye ever see the like of his feet? Holy Jerusalem, ’tis woman’s hoots lie's wearing — as long as canoes. Oil. ‘Solomon.’ ‘Solo mon,’ ye’ll be the death of me this day!” “Solomon” brought liis “Fling” to an end with a. mighty stamp, and then saluted us. ‘‘Servant, gentlemen,” ho said, “will one of you have the goodness to wipe the imperial brow? It’s wanting a hand kerchief badly I am, Jack. I-Iampton Court and the Maze are not in it with a woman’s pocket. I’ve been all round the skirt twice and only found my watcli-chain.” “That’s nothing,” said the doctor, who had just fallen over his sword for the third time; “you’re a seeker after luxury, man. I’ve nearly cut the bo’sun’s head off twice, and I’ll do it the third time if I have any luck! Talk of the Inquisitors, they’re not in it with this collar, to say nothing of the /Vic toria Cross which is catching me in the small of the back.” V “Ochoon, ochoon!” roared Mike, our steward, who was carrying the rest of the paraphernalia; “sure Mister Kent is wearing av his tunic wrong side to the fore. “ 'Tis to die I am this blessed day. The holy Mother save me from lalfing!” Old Jack recovered himself, and be came serious. “You must rehearse a bit, doctor,” said he. “and I think Mike’s right. . The | thing goes on the other way about. ’Tis a^small detail, but it m'igju be noticed. You’d better make haste. Yonder line on the horizon is Karos itself. We shall be there almost as soon as the sun is under the water.” “And thc-n?” I asked, for I did not believe they would venture it, even at the ninth hour. “Why, then,” said “Solomon,” deter minedly. “we’ll eat their banquet, and tell them what we think of it. It’s time you hurried up, ocribe, if you’re to pass for my secretary. I never saw such a lazy dog in all my life — sitting there' just like a figure in a tailor’s window. Why don’t you go and dress. You’re not going to lose the fun, surely? ■ I wouldn’t lose it for a hundred down.” “I'm glad you've arranged it all,” said I,when I had stopped laughing. “So I’m to be the secretary—eh, ’Solomon’?” “Of course you are; and if you don't dress like one o’clock you’ll spoil the thing. Get up, man, and don't be an I have always thought that men drift into practical jokes. A matured plan will dull the wine of jest, and leave it fiat and tasteless. Certainly, if any one had told us at nine o’clock that morning what the night was tc> bring, we should have regarded him as a luna tic. Even when I put on my dress f tlothekfmeehanically, and sauntered npr I to the deck again, I. was but half con vinced;.. 1’be thing was too daring, too preposterous. They would draw hack at the kt-si minute. It would end by Jack delivering the aide-de-camp’s dispatch, and putting about for the mainland. No other end was worth thinking about. It was almost dark When I came up on deck. A shimmering grey light hove: -d over the open sea. Karos itself a lofty wood island, with the white town straggling on the hillside, stood upon our port bow. Lights shone in its streets. : and were twinkling already in the old fortress which capped its summit. In its harbor there'were the lanterns of a' few fishing-boats riding, at anchor. A larger ship—a cruiser I made her nut to be—lay in the oiling, but there was no smoke, at her funnel. Save for this em blem of modernity, we might-have been standing for some town of the middle ages, when the Turk looked Westward; find the west" girded on the sword in answer. Of all the islands the Adriatic had shown us this surely was the most. ■ primitive. said old Jack triumphantly, as >y,^.:yo"'detl forward;-.hands and all- to spy;the place, “who’s right.'now? Is y.on a place where-they look for royal folks?. Kedad. a post’s an event in their history, and a stranger is talk for a month. ’Tis fun we’ll have with them entirely. Run up the Austrian Hag, lads, and stand by .with- the rackets.'; . ’.'-The crew ran to work, ns bo vs to a game. Up went the1'Austrian ensign •that- heavy orange tlag with the double eagle oii it: a rocket Hared above our ...bows,and fell, a broken chain of fire, into tbe limpid sea. .Though I .understood Siter'Tvai-p^f'^rigfprepared tb vi’-f-elveaN r^yal visitor^t-he answer to these signals of ours held'me dumb with am-.ize’luent. ' No sooner was the rocket fallen than a very fiaine of fire seemed to leap up from, the little town. On every commanding point of woodland,.ramparp. or bastion, a beacon burned.’ I heard bells ringing, and the blare of trumpets. To these the loud report oT guns succeeded. The cruiser in the oiling was .giving us a royal salute. Wo answered with a re- - ply which burned the bridge behind us— • the salute which informed the town of Karos that we laid the Empress aboard. “ft’s done now, at any rate.’’ said the , doctor, who had 'timed as pale as a ghost, when the guns began to thunder. “I never thought it was a place like this.’’ "To say nothing of the cruiser," said L “She’s Italian, and nc> steam up: ye’ll note that, boys,” said the skipper. “Faith, she’s no business in. the pro gramme at aii. If there was anyone aboard her knew the royal lady we.have the honor to represent, 'twould go hard with our appetites. I’m thinking you're better below. ‘Solomon.’ The night air is not good l'or the chests of females, bedarl.” "Solomon” look his pipe out of his month reluctantly. “i suppose I’d better not smoke when it comes to it.” said he. “Smoke!” roared the angry captain. "Would you see us all in prison before midnight? If I see a glimmer of light, I’ll smash ye.” Edmund Ross retired slowly, leaving upon deck three men whose hearts were in their boots. To me the whole thing was some mad dream—a nightmare from which I should awake in time to see old Jack tamely offering his dispatch, and an apology for the fireworks which the excellent people of Karos had wasted on a shipload of English travellers. When we entered the harbor at last, and grin ning Turks saluted us from quays which Venice had built in the great days of Dandolo, the impvesskin of unreality was still with me. I heard guttural shouts of welcome: the. sound of the bells was nearer, more' distinct: the light of many lanterns flickered in my eyes. It might i have been some scene from pantomime old Jack's voice, whispering delightedly in my ear. tcld me that it was not. “’Tis the luck we're having entirely,” .paid lie. "I don’t see a stranger among itheni. They're Turks to the roots of their -.hair. Oh, ’twas a great day that brought :us;;tp Karos. ’’Solomon’ 'may come 'up' now. and he hanged to them.” I scanned the quay eagerly at his words, and for the first time it seemed to me possible to play out this stupendous .iest 10 the end. The company which crowded to the waters' edge to welcome the royal visitor was, so far as I could see, Turkish to the last man. Grave and. reverend seigneurs, some in frock-coats and the indespe’nsable fez, others in long flowing robes which spoke of tiie life of five hundred years ago. they had the gravity and the dignity of :h? true sons of Mahomed. It w-.o- . „ to witness the grace of t'- salutes as they laid their hands upon their foreheads and bowed low to us; I had shame to think that we were a stupendous floating lie. Nothing but'a memory of okl Jack, and of his score yet to be paid quieted ail awakened conscience. “They’re civil enough,” said he, sotto voce, as.the yacht groaned against the flattened fenders; “but there isn’t a man among them who -would not cut your throat for a shilling. They bundled me out like a sack last time I touched here, f reckon we’ll go to music this.” They began to warp the yacht at the words. An instant later Edmund Ross came up from the cabin, and stood in the aureole of light. I can see him to this day—a slim figure in a green dress, with a thick black wig under his Tyrol hat, and a demure look on his face, as though this world and all in it were toogood for him. For downright, brazen-faced im pudence, that moment in his life was supreme. The music of a discordant Turkish band, the rush of fiery rockets ini the air, the cheers of a miserable rabble, no more disconcerted him than an organ grinder before his own windows in Lon don. When a portly Turk began solemn ly to read an address of welcome. "Solomon” faced him with an air which' would have done credit to all the royal houses in Europe. Limited as ray know ledge of. the German tongue was and ts„ I knew that this address was written, execrably. . But for the very apotheosis of effrontery, the “Ja ja. danke selir” with which Edmund Ross replied to it can have no .equal in the jesters’ history. (To be concluded next week.) 