HAUNTED 3 1 0 U N T A I N S ; OR, a p r J3Ł0NEL CODY'S SEASGH. BuMANCE of the west, j ? COLONEL PRENTISS INGRAM. ^Kirof "1'e Mysterious Mac in Blue." RAFTER XXXII.—THE ATTACK, sien Cel-raei Ferris saw how much iń Oe.ly and those with him were ttti ilw warning of the Ghost Guide J,St .V.ounU'i:iF. he did all in his power igbfK'a.iy f '" tfce red-sldns should they ^e upon their raid. gif ajsaiipointmer.t at not finding the ^ix.-f in their retreat was more than „„HWiFated for by ha ring met and de :he Indians in the mountains, and tsric? hrvn able to get warning ol tieir jlKJliw Fivoop. fold as the night was. and worn out as ^ ivsf. Cody volunteered to go on jrijf to the settlements and add another tarnins •">' danger; but this Colonel Ferris would not listen to, and in the urif the case despatched an officer" Jjj f i'diers to make the ride and be (jjy that there was no mistake. Thf 11'-Vt morning Cody- and some of ccouts went out to reconnoitre, and rh?n tlifv returned at noon reported no cirri nf Indians, that the -snow was meltrspiS'.y. and yet that it was just the . fir ;i raid of red-skins, as tliey could b tlie fort and the camp wholly off: tli(.:r suard they believed- And it V'ill come to-night. sir. If at »i!." Cody ai3oed. firmly. •Well. are prepared for them here, SDii mj" couriers are coming in from the fampF and report that all are ready fori attack, thouffh it Is liard for any one; be!i»ve that the Indians intend to pvvonp dott-n from the nioantajns at this linie." Xis-ht settled down upon the fort, -with all prepared to &e; called lo arms at any TYVtttfnt. Cncy a:: ? all bis scouts were out after n&htlall.; on foot so as not to rŁtran attention. The chief of sćoiits had £i>ti? nione. giving orders to his men not venture more than half a mile aivav from the fort, and to thus encircle it, Łerinp- within cail of each other, and be r«dy to pit e the warning to fall back should any one make a discovery. The chief of scouts had ventured a little further Than he had told his men to -.i. The nismt was cool, but not freezing. and the walking was bad. but the trail he was on led towards the mountain? and was the only one by which the Indian? would doubtless come. Suddenly he halted, for he distinctly hard the splash o £ hoofs. He gaaed foedly ahead and saw a horseman comjaj into view. "My Ghost Guide, as sure as death!" njj ihD scout, and from his hiding-place be felt that he could hold up then and there the weird horseman. •T!l treat him squarely as lie has me. But why is he coming- here, I wonder?" i^U-red the scout- Tiijn lie called out: "Ho. Friend Ghost, I am Cody, and I calone:'' The white horse was brought to a sudfea halt, and half v,-heeled at the first fund of the scout's voice. But the words seemed to reassure the i3cr. and he hesitated, and then came fc a deep voice.most sepulchral in sound -Colonel Cody, heed the warning I pvc you. The red-skins are not half an tour's ride away, and moving to attack tte fort in large numbers. The camps tea settlements will also be attacked at lfe ssm? liaje." 'if th'- last Word was uttered the white tefir.aa wheeled, and rode away in the fers«= as he had come. Ir.-it.Uy Cody turned and retraced his ray back to the circle of scouts. He ETv? the signal to fall back, and they TO? four. all just outside the post, "lien, the red-skins are coming. Keep J feewatch, and fall back Into the post 4e moment j-ou see them approaching. trill be ready then;" and so saying £rscout entered Ute stockade gate, and aoiee told the officer of the day that tfe Indians were coming. Goin? 11 "! to the colonel's quarters, he tola him of his meeting the ghostly guides «d was at once sent round to call 'Jie jrarrison silently to arms. Is fifteen minutes the whole force was siav and soon after the scouts came in «!S reported that the Indians were surumndas the po?t Tiics tii? moments passed, until sudt '' 1 - r tic-re was heard the tramp of flsiiiiiff hoofs. and at the word of com- 1 f :rele of flame flashed out, and ranai-fd? nf carbines and rifles rattle lonh death, whiie the artillery belched shells that v^rst in the midst of the •ass of warriors and ponies. Tli" red-Fkir.s had made their swoop, "Ip.r-rtj-™ crush their foes, had .naaw.iy b, en hurled back by striking a wall Of fire, lead, and iron, that rc! down without mercy. niAPTER xxxrn.—missdcg. as an I m t appalling moment lor the Ija-sjns—•me of terror, frenzy, and des- Im 7 ;i! - y had Plotted their raid ski!' I Mi, Planned weU, and -while seve- I p ."k r ;ands were ! to swoop down up- I ' i^inins: camps, surprise and raid tl;e nr.;in force, fifteen hundred •inves strong, had attacked tlie out- PM5. I I 1>ar,fl s ' having done their red ?re , r> S V - <V I> U P the valley to the lir 371 ' 5 their main body. Then a ould be made from there loaded : t " '" ,!>t y. the braves armed with and weapons of all des- !r , ps: v hile they would drive back I . fortresses Worses and cattle by I - :tinar,..^ tak.e many priS0I(cre> galore to hang in their tel5rj r -i ays ' aIi throu S h the fearful blizle Ir,lia:1 I,aT,ds |Qm't,'r had hidden in the !•- r.s ,,fmountains—freezing-, sufrom hunger, and bearing untold hwship, They had seen their weaker lawT? Jie f: " om the h >tter cold, and Ifcr't"::-' 1 '"- 5 !ooked on and " bore all. , , o f revenge was at hand. "- appointed time the different to strike their blows, and |Tj.i, next \- <l=y all, laden down I'lund.-r i. and drunk w.th a re to meet at the hasten back to their IK,'.-1 ,v- Ptr °n.?hoia before another ter- 1 Ehould Irna" 2^' strike them. I Out -M tl! ' ?n ' l!,e ' ir rasre - disappoint- ! - TOr V "' hen ' ^Pecting to I'H'iiiv U l " ""suspecting outmt0 1 and iii- V met l j y a storm of lead I Jarl c deadly than the blizmor « I *- a a? the flame of hundreds "Id the blaze of a dozen canin their Wes. and they stagnt (]0Tv-n under the pitless • "'^thw r eiT surprised Another oh m ' aant to sur Prise, they made iw j,;,,, actually broke in at an d I Rtp s- aM : c * ttin S over the stockade. Hi- «r™ 1>eatinK hack the force there, ^L or '™, tlle massive gateway I ®nt TrtT their comrades. * » han^ l a vlcto r J-- that it was to Hiers 4;i 0 ;, hand fi S*t "OW. With the l 1^ of? , 5 ; outnumbered, the loud ou t > the men of » _ t o either side of the stock- 41® de gate. - Then half a dozen cannon oured a terrible fire upon the mass of ed- skins. " • • Shell burst in their midst, driving ponies to frenzy-with wild cries «f rage and despair they fled for their lives, and the men of the post Ład won the battle. Then asain rang that dread bugie, and out ot the stockade gateway dashed two hundred troopers, revolver In one hand and drawn sabre In the other, while upon their flanks rode .two-score pt scouts. Then it became a stampede, and.-when the Indians were in full rout, flying for their lives, a recall of the troopers was sounded, and down the valley they -went to meet those coming from the camps and settlements, and with them were a. copule of six-pounders to do effective work. It was just dawn when Cody, who was leading, sent back word by one of the scouts that the Indians were coming and in rapid retreat, and at once the command proceeded to pounce upon them. The Indians advancing up the valley showed by their rapid retreat that they had als? been surprised at the camps and settlements, and beaten off. • Hut they hoped that their main force had captured the fort, and they were hastening to join them, when suddenly in the dawn of day they saw red ilames h u f h v s E " . shoot out" from the dark timber chead, tlie roar of cannon was heard, then shells burst-in their midst, followed, by tlie rattle of two hundred carbines. Ej-e they could colect their scattered senses the bugle sounded the charge, and tlie troopers dashed out of the timber, and with sabre and revolver were upon Uiem. Then followed a wild stampede, and to add to their horrors, the leaden clouds overhead began to send down snowy flakes, -while the wind rising warned the troopers that they must retreat rapidly to the fort. "Chief Cody bids me say, sir, that he will pursue with his scouts, and Lieutenaiit Seaford wQI accompany tum; sir, reported a courier to Captain Taylor, who commanded the troopers. " All right ; but I _ h poe . that tliey will not venture far, we are to liave another blizzard," responded Taylor; and with his dead and wounded, who were few he retreated to the fort, carrying the news that had come to liim from the settlements and 'damps, that, thanks t3S*-ihe -waminsr.sent them, the miners, and settlers had readily beaten off the at tacking red-sldns. / , The trooper^ "reached the post "Sn , a blinding snowstorm, and all day a watchi was kept for the return of Cody and his scouts. . But jdstrkness came on and they did not appear, and just atjbitdnight a shout was heard without ,and there stood a scout, who reimrted Lieutenant Seaford and Cody either killed or captured, and the scouts in camp awaited to be sent from the post. CHAPTER XXXIV.—NO TIDINGS. "Our grand victory will indeed be clouded if it is true that Cody and Seaford are killed or captured, for the latter is as bad as the first." So said Colonel Ferris when the scout repeated to him Uiat the young officer and Cóćy tvete missing, and that Nick Norcross, who was in command of tlie, scouts, had camped in the mountains and sent him back for aid. "Tell roe exactly how it occurred, my man," said the colonel. " "Well, sir. Chief Cody sent word to : Captain Taylor that he would push on in pursuit of the red-skins, and Lieutenant Seaford said he would go -with him, and did. We pushed the reds hard, for they supposed the cavalry were on their trail also, and -when -we reached the foot-hills, tve 3ivided : forces. The chief and lieutenant, with four scouts, went on one trail, and Norcross and the rest of the men on the other, for we knew the trails met some miles beyond. " Well, sir, we reached the spot where we saw the trails meet .and not five minutes behind the reds, who had taken the trail the others lied followed. But Chief Cody's party was not there,, and Norcross at once sent men back on the trail to meet them. 'A scout soon carta back reporting that the Indians bad ambushed them, for all the signs were there of a hot fight; and two dead scouts were found, the snow rapidly covering them up. The horse of Lieutenant Seaford -was found •dead, the saddle and bridle gone, and half a dozen dead Indian ponies lay around, but the braves who had fallen had been carried off by their retreating comrades. It -was snowing hard, brt Norcross at once sent me back with the news, sir. and he pushed on in pursuit, leaving five scouts at tlie place where the chief was ambushed, and where he d asks you to send aid." "I can send aid to get Norcross and his men back, and in this storm they will need it: but we can do nothing now I feary.for Lieutenant Seaford and Cody,' said Colonel Ferris sadly, and he at once called his officers together and talked over the situation. There could be' but one opinion, nnder the circumstances, and that was that it -would be madness, in the face of the severe blizzard ,to send a force, however, strong, into the mountains to pursue Uie Indians, though a few hot-headed young officers wished to go at all hazards. ' It was .therefore, decided to send Lieutenant Emory and a. troop after the scouts, Surgeon Powell accompanying them, and a liberal supply of provisions and camp equipage being taken in case tlie parly should have to camp there until the storm was over, and the.snow had settled so that they could return. So. little more than an hour after the scout's arrival with the fatal news, Lieutenant Emory rode out of the fort "with his troopers, and the Surgeon Scout was by his side. The man who had brought the bad tidings led the -way. and those in the garrison who watched them ride off in the darkness and blizzard feared for their safety as -well as for those whom they -went to rescue. The storm ended the second day, but the snow was deep, and all nature presented a most drehry aspect. Thai the'-retrealting Indians had suffered terribly all knew, for -they were hampered in their retreat by many Tvonnded.-and the. supplies they -had. brought with them had been drawn heavily -upon while awaiting for the first blizzard to blow-over, when they were In biding in the mountains. A bold courier bad pushed through, bringing despatches to Coloneil Ferris from the mining camps and spflements. and then reported that the Indians had been completely surprised and had suffered heavy loss, while the whites had got off well .though here and there a stubborn settler and his family, who would not heed the -warning sent from the post, had been either killed or carried off by the Indians. The despatches also reported the'-most mysterious disappearance, some weeks before, of a. gallant young ranch ero by the name of Burt Braxton and jone of the men on the ranche. "They had gone out for a hunt of several days, -but had never returned, and "search for them had been wholly unavailing. The despatch, read".-: ' . : ~ • • :. '"•: • . ' 'Braxton Tvas one ot the finest fellows In Hie .settlement; and Siad -a splendid, ranch Jntli« Blue Vallej. where-he had built a good house and employed sli; -or eightcowbóys, sail ó£ whom.-jviasjaeTOtedj to tóm. 'Se vnassaiiL'Lo be vretl off. and.; was OTCh a popular .young teUow among: the girls that lie was known as Beau Braxton;' Eomfc of the young men ated him. to' such an-extent, looking pon hiig as a dangerous rival, that St is eared het'may have been murdered, and! is companion. Buck Bimey, also. 'I remember the young man, for he isited tlie post .once, and was a handome, courteous.fellow. To u remember, thel, you said lie was just the man to win a. girl's heart"?" sald-the colonel. 'Yes, sir." said Ethel, with a. blush. "I was struck by his handsome face and gentlemanly bearing, "as well as by his s l i d o fine horsemanship. I hope no barm has befallen him, uncle." "I sincerely hope not. but it looks bad for him. It was you. Captain Taylor, who- remarked .that he looked like a man -with a bisiory." "Yes. cciourf. some young fellow who for reasons best known to himself had come to the frontier to liud a home: but I liked the man. and sincerely trust he will turn up," answered Captain Taylor, and then he added: "It is time we were getting more news from the rescue party in the mountains, sir." "Yes, you are afraid victory will indeed be clouded if we are to mourn tlie loss of Seaford and Cody." responded the colonel; and all in the fort shaved his feelings. CHAPTER XXXV.—NOT FOUND. It was on tlie evening of. the fourth day. and when another storm was threatening, that the sentinel in the "look out" of Barrier Post reported a.party of horsemen coming towards-.the fort along tlie mountain trail. ' They were soon recognised as Lieutenant Emory and his troop, with Nick Norcross and his scouts accompanying. Surgeon Powell -was recognised also, but nowhere were the, tall forms of Lieutenant Seaford and Cody visible amon troopers or scouts. The glasses showed also that there were several ambulances bang drawn along by horses in the rear, and these told the story of either dead .or,wound ed being brought back by the search party. Were the two so anxiously looked for on these ambulances, either dead or wounded? None could tell until the command reached the fort, and It was yet a mile away and hastening on to find shelter before the storm should burst upon them, for they had had enough of blizzards and suffering, as both men and horses showed ivhen , they came, near enough for gaunt 1ai~ńis and haggard faces to lie seen.' ' ' Into the stockade they filed, just -"as the ftaloes c£ snow Jbegan to descend thickly, and Lieutenant Emory, Surgeon PowelL and Nick Norcross went at once to headquarters. 'If the dashing Seaford and the gallant scout had returned then they were.»n the ambulance: der the blankets that sheltered. some cold form. "Well, gentlemen, I -welcome you back: but I fear you bring us bad news, Emory," said the colonel. "Yes, sir, I do; for nowhere could we O l find any trace of Lieutenant Seaford or Chief of Scouts Cody, though we discovered the bodies of two of the five men who were with them, and these two had been scalped. The other three, It. is our 0"ini0P; ^U'S ęaptured with Seaford and h Color.cy Cody. Too bad—too bad." "We did all that we could, sir. and -svhen I reached the camp in the mountains, Scout Norcross and his men were a just coming in from their pursuit, and he had bad a brush with the Indians, so will make his report to you, sir. I remained in the camp to make a thorough search for any bodies in "the snow.and to wait until one of the wounded scouts died, and the other men -were able *to travel. Then I considered it time to return, sir, for there was every indication of more severe weather, and the men were naturally suffering greatly." ' 'You have done Tvell,' Emory." 'Yes, sir, indeed he has, and but for his coming I do not think the scouts would ever have got back, sir, we had run out of food, had lost our box of matches, and were well-night starved and frozen, sir, while I had five wounded inen on my hands, and Surgeon Powell and the lieutenant saved us," said Nick Norcross, earnestly. 'Ten me all that occurred, Norcross." the colonel said, in a kind and sympathetic tone; and Nick Norcross, dashing a tear from his eyes, said: •We've lost' tlie chieC sir, and that gallant young lieutenant—two as brave men as ever shot a gun. You see, colonel, the Injun trails divided, and letting me go on -with the scouts—I had twenty men, sir—the chief, the lieutenant, and five men went on one trail. What happened. sir. Heaven only knows, for when the trails joined again tip in the mountains, as we knew they would, I came out right on the retreating Indians, hut the chiefs party was not there following them. "We went back over the trail, sir, and came to where there had been red-hot work. We found the bodies o£ two of the scouts, dead horses, ponies, and knew that dead Injuns had been counted off; but that was all. I left a small camp there, sir, sent word to you. and pushed on. I came up with the red-skins, and ran the whole outfit a-ivay from their fires, for we made them believe the whole army was upon them. "A few stood and fought us, and we lost two boys killed and five wounded, one dying afterwards; but we would not retreat, and the reds did, and we stayed in their camp that night. The next day I retreated, sir, and, thank God, Lieutenant Emory was hot on my trail, or tve wouldn't be here now. sir. That's the story, colonel, and the chief and those with him.savethe two dead bodies, were not found, and winter is on us now, and nothing can be done to save •them. CHAPTER XXXVI-'THE MYSTE- RIOUS HORSEMAN. The return of the rescue party -without Lieutenant Seaford and Cody.^ave all at the fori,an attack of blues. . sphere were not -two more popular .men in the army than Seaford and the.łdiief of scouts, and not ; only '-was dread felt by one and all thatthey had been killed, but also that they- hadbeencaptured; for that -nfas even worse than death, for it -was well-known how the Indians would delight in torturing their prisoners after their terribly unfortunate ,attack- and overwhelming defeat. So. with another storm upon them, all in the fort saw night come on with grief In their hearts, and the missing ones •were talked of around every fireplace that night in the little cabin homes. The three scouts who had seemed to share the fate of Cody and the young officers—for their bodies had not. been, found—were good men • and - true; • and •tliey had rana friends : among their comrades. . . , . -The winds that night seejgied to howl, more mournfully than ever. . and. the' pines sighed dismally, all nature seeming to sound a requiem (or the lost ones, i But in-spite of the storm, the cold, tbe sweeping winds and driving snow, there was an alarm from [the main gate of-the: .stockade. „v.-:. • ' Jt was midnight, »nd jthe teentry'there, though not looking for an attack, was One who always kept. wide awake upon Jits post of duty. In fact, lie bad not; had time to go to deep « he had -wished as -tlie A^iicf guard -had just Eone the, rounds and left fiim lUere. y He looked out over the fields o£ snpw. tubbed bis eyes, and looked again. Then te shaded his fiyes; eteppefl put of the 1 entry-bos " that -protected him, and: ooked long and earnestly. He pinched; iimself to. make sure that he was notreaming,.and then loud and wildly rang ut his cry of alarm: "Corporal of the guard! Post Number ne! .It's a ghost! It's a. ghost!" What he saw .was a white horse and a. rider enveloped in a snowy mantle that ooked like a. shroud. In that weird light -that is always seen in a snowstorm at night he distinctly saw the horse and rider. The phantomlike horseman was almost beneath him ( and coming directly towards the gat. way. At the cry of tlie. sentry the horse had bounded forward, the horseman had waved his arms and ridden straight to the gale, halted an instant, and, wheeling. had dashed- away. The startled guard had come at a rush for Post Number One, and the sentinel, brave but superstitious, had reported what he had seen. "Why did you not fire at him. you stupid fool?" asked the officer of the day. who had run out of the guard-house without his storm-coat in his alarm. "No, sir. I'd never fire on the like of out near the gate, went to tlie stockade wall and passed through a narrow door in it. His lantern revealed the tracks of a horse in the deep Bnow, and "so recently made that they were pęrtecMy fresh. They.led directlyto the gate, and tlicre. turned, and retraced their way. Wheeling, his lantern about, the officer's keen eye fell upon a white spot upon the gate. At first he supposed it was a drift of snow "resting tiiere, but i second look showed him that it was : piece of paper. It was -fastened to the gate by a pen' knife, the blade drivenThrough it into the wood. Instantly the officer removed the paper, and. passing into the fort ag∈, returned to the guard-house and examined what he had found. It was a sealed envelope and addressed to Colonel Ferris. At once the ofiieer started with his discovery to Colonel' Ferris'6 quarters, after sending a sergeant on the rounds to see that every sentinel was on the watch, for he did not know what might follow this mysterious visit of the ghostly-looking horseman. CHAPTER XXXVII.—NEWS FROM THE MOUNTAINS. Colcrtiel Fen-is was just about to retire when Captain Lennox, the officer of the day. was announced. The colonel had -him admitted at once, and the captain "said: "It is a late hour to disturb you, sir, but 1 consider it best uiider the circumstances." "No apologies. Captain -Lennox, but jsit down. I am always willing to be disturbed where duty is concerned." "Here is a letter, sir, X took from the stockade gate, and it -was pinned there with this penknife. You see, sir, the envelope is addressed to you, and the messenger frightened the sentinel, so he did not even challenge him." The colonel tore open the envelope, read what xvas -written there, and said: "Tell ine. Captain Lennox, exactly you £9t this communication, please." The. captain at once told the circumstances of the ghostly visitor leaving it, the colonel said: "I will read it to you." What he read was as follows:— "To Colortei Prank Ferris, Commanding Barrier Post. "'Sir,—-I desire to make known to yon that Colonel Cody, an officer of cavalry, and three scouts are now prisoners in the Indian village of Red Lightning, the most cruel of chiefs. ^"Renegades among the Indians are urging the chief to put them to death, but for some mysterious reason spares them, -and other influences are at work to save them. "They are held securely, but are not made to suffer, but what the outcome •will be no one can tell. - 'To attempt their rescue with a force -would be madness, so other means will be resorted to, though it will be perhaps long before anything can be done. The Indians suffered fearfully in their attack on you, losing hundreds of horses and ponies, and they are in a very ugly mood, and even in the winter may attempt to surprise you. "The Mldnighters are snowed for the present, but will be dangerous to the stages whenever a thaw permits them to run. "Surgeon Powell knows the retreat of the Midnighters. and if the weather per-r mits. a dash to their stronghold might catch them napping, for they did not desert it except to avoid the force they were sure Cody would lead upon them. "There is a mystery in the mountains in connection with the Gunnison party's fate -which next spring will be cleared UP- "Do not fail to keep on the watch for a surprise from the Indians at the post, the camps, and settlements, and let "the drivers look out for road-agents when they are able to run their coaches. "In conclusion let me urge that you make it a profound secret that the news given you from the "mountains comes from "THE GHOST OF THE HAUNTED FORT." "Well, that is news! And my informant is a self-confessed ghost! But what do you think of all this. Captain Lennox?" aśked Colonel Ferris, when he had finished reading the letter. "I hardly know -what to say, sir; but I should do as he asks, whoever he is." "I certainly shall, and you need not speak of this strange letter." "No. sir; but it is good news to feel that Seaford, Cody, and his men have not been put to death." .. "It is, indeed; and. Heaven grant they may not "be. But this influence working In their favor must be the writer ol this letter!" -'.I should think śo, sir." "Yes; biit who can be be that roves about the mountains as he does? One would almost think" he really was a ghost, to.appear as be does Jn jall kinds -of -weather." . - ""It is t-emaitaŁle. sir.** - ' "And he Lints of the mystery .being • solved as to what fate poor Gunnison, and his mai -met with, -and also of-the Haunted Fort." "I do not know Jiow to take it all, sir; hut his advice Is worth heeding." "It is indeed;'' and as the captain left to return to his post of duty, the colonel tat for a long time meditating over the strange letter he ha(T received. <To be continued.) 