AMAZING CUBDUlilTV. , . Kepositobihs of unreasoning superstition are often* wonderful. One can undoi'Btand tho ' cfedulonsness of romnntic and thoughtless ' girls and women as to the so-called revolalions of tho palmist and tho fortune-teller. It is a ' weakness of disposition duo to ignorance and curiosity about tho future — a curiosity which, no doubt, most people nurture, but which wIbo folk would scarcely care, to press to satis faction. But when learned men, hard-headed, apparently unimaginativo men, business men, adopt the most obvious superstitions and vagrant fancies about tho occult, ? we tnny indeed marvel. Dr.' Johnson believed, if wo remember rightly, in tho Cocklano Ghost j in liis own day wo haro Sir William Orookes, a leadoi' in scion tifib research, avowing cyeddnco in. telepathy and kindred faucif ul anduiiproyen powers; a recently-deceased Judge of the Supremo Court of this country, whose numo would appear to most of those who know him to bo a synonym for practicableness, was a credulous mystio on ono sido of his nature. Lately, we came across a litst of othor Englishmen, litterateurs, lawyers, and others, who had a maggot in the. brain as unaccount able as those in the cases alrondy mentioned. ;. A very recent instance Tof. credulity ? dis covering itself in tholast place whero itwould I)) looked for to lurk is that ''of Mr. Harold JEYederfc. He was an American journalist, a .', successful novolist, earning \ a mngnificont income in London at his profession. Ho was described as self-willed, os a man over whom no ono could dornineor, and when in October he became seriously ill, at first he sum ..' monod doctoi'R, but proved by no means a docilo patient, Ho smoked, ho drank his whiskey in defiance of the doctors' orders, and they wore obliged to. lot . h'tn do pretty : well as he pleased. Yet this man of keen intellect, of obstinate will power, delivcrod himself for his cure into tho hands of a Christian Scientist. Deliberately he put asido tho dootors, who were doing ns much for him as his solf-will would let them, and called in a Christian .Soientist named Mills, who for a fee of ono 'guinea a week, attended him. What Christian 1 Bsienco is sho described at the inquest on Mr. Frederic's body. For tho poor gentle man .. died, . though possibly, with proper .medical troatment ho would have recovered. -Ho waH not . himself a Christian Soiontist, though, according to ono wituessJbo had con fidonco in'tho good effoots of Oh'ristiau soionco. And that is— what ? Wo quoto a summary of ?.??';'' tho evidenco of tlio practitionor who received ?ono guinea a weok for tho loss of her timo , '*' apparently; for other- servicd . she did nono. , Mrs. Mills said, 'that to bo ca Ohmtinn ? ; Scientist one had to bo good and to obey tho laws of God, to know truth and to lovo it, .''?'. Sho 'did not trent Mr. , Fredprio .with : i. drugs but with .God's power only; She ^ ibid lnin when ho said his hand: wob paralysed ,' .that ho must reflect God, -and ho : would bo I istrong and well. In cross-examination wituoss (.summed up Christian soionco as belief in God. .'If' sho broko a log God oould, sho- declared; ,; 'heal it'\ ';?.'. ;'?- ^..^ .;V.' -: ? '.' -/'V . ' -.,.-. ? f It would bo: futile at this time and.horo to ''„?':'??' (express what, ono feels about professors of /,, Ohristian soionce, nsthiiB depicted by ono of themselves^ But when' we aro assured, as wo Homotimos aro, , that the age of faith is pnsfc, '?'. wo point to siioh examples of blind, unroason ?iug credulity - as this of jMr. Frodorio's .'???'? and tako loavo to quostion tho asBuranco. Thoi'O must bo many folk in Great Bt'itnin and America who believe that diseaso can bo ^thought out of existence. For thotoaohers of '.'-'.' thie orazo have issued a book which costs 17b ?Gd to buy, and which has reached its 150th ' edition,' Tho superstition is ovidoutly wide spread and oxtondiug, and as wo seo, affocts others than tho unloarncd and humble. Wo .*? profess nNconfidonco in tho enlightening power of education. But in an ago when education hns boon so widely diffused that ho who run a may rend, wo find it sadly true that if know ledge grows wisdom lingorn, and that men of tho highcHt intoJIcctunl endowment winy bo tho shivoa of a credulity uh contemptible and os raw as over a-ffootud a negro worshipper of '. Mumbo- Jumbo. ^ ? 