Possessions Britain Bas Given Away. Acoobding to the typical Continental statesman, John Bull Is tbe biggest land grabber on tbe faoe of tbe globe. France aod Germany more especially are never tired of eneeriug at our aliezed 14 earth hunger.' Indeed, If those latter crliius aod rivals are to be believed, we bave not only stolen with a free band in Africa, Io Amerioa, and in Asia, but we are only prevented by lack of proper transport facilities from annexing Mars and establishing a protectorate -over Jupiter. lueieuiBy ub ouiuo uutu iu »n vui*. The British Empire bas u koaok of grow ing. No one can deny ibat. But, on the other baod, we bave — within the last 100 years or so— aotually given away what to any other nation would conetl* tute an exceedingly valuable and infinitely respectable colonial empire. For Instance. Our cousins t Lie Atn^ric ne, and our old enemies the Spaniards, have fallen out about Cuba. Tbe iBland was once Britain's. So, too, were tbe Ionian Islands, Tangier. Minorca, Corsica, Curacoa, Siolly, Buenos Ayres, Monte Video, Java, Pondiob»rry, tbe Celebes, tbe Moloooae, to euy nothing of naif a hundred other valuable Islands, fertile proviooeB and fortified towne scattered up and down tbe face of this weBzened old earth of ours. And most of (hem we nave surrendered, be it rememnered, not in obeaience to ine lrresisiioie aemanue of superior foroe, but of our own free will, aod In accordance most frequently witb the dictates of a grand— If mistaken and qulxotlc~idea of doty. Take, for example, tbe cession of tbe looiau Islands in 1864. We captured tbem from tbeFrenoh, after a good deal of hard fighting in 1809. We gave them a ooustitution, built a university at Corfu, abolished the vendetta, and promulgated equal laws for all and sundry ; and tbeo, after more than 50 years of educational and civilising work, and the expenditure of millions of money, we calmly, and without tbe shadow of a ghost of compul sion, banded tbem over to Greece. It is a deed of whioh no other nation but Eag could have been oapabie, and wblcb is devoutly U be hoped, England will never repeat. The surrender of Tangier was oven more deplorable. We held it for 21 years, aod tben quietlv evacuated it at tbe bidding of a handful of fanatic led hy Gayiao. the sovereign nhief of Fez. Colonel Klrke, the iheu Governor, strougly protested, aod offered io hold the fortress indefinitely If 500 meu were cent out from England, together witb £5000 to pay them. But (he Government declined. Tbey could they said, afford the men, but uot the money, Tangier would now be considered dirt obeap at 50 times £5000, for It lies immediately opposite Glbraiter, and posesiing both these strongholds, EogUud would abso lutely control tbe Straits, aod elieotually seal up the Mediterranean. Cuba was taken by us io Lbe middle of the summer of 1762, at the time wbeo an unusually virulent epidemic of yellow fever waa raginff. We lost 5000 men in fivn weebs. But we stucR to our guna and triumphed, in tbe good oid sturdy British fasblou. What our soldiers gained with one hand, however, our statesmen gave away with tbe other. A year later, just when the island had be come pacified, aod ths elements of good government established, our hard won possession was banded back to tbe horrors of Spanish rule— horrors from which it ee°m* only now likely co emerge. An even more reprehensible national crime was the'surrender of ib» Phillip* pines to tbe same blood-stained gang, for uot the most bigoted of th** Little Englandern of that day and generation could bave been Ignorant of how vastly important tbe Islands must necessarily become to us. Moreover, Spain was soundly thrashed In a selfish war of her own seeking, aod would bave accepted peace on almost any terms. Vet we banded over the conquered possessions for a paltry £800,000— not a single penny of whioh, by the bye, was --ver paid. To many visitors to Westminster Abbey it doubtless seems strange that oue of the most magnificent tombs in our national mausoleum should bear the oame of General Staohope. To Lbe man in the street, at tbe present day, lbe cogoomen means nothing. To our fore fathers of a geoeration or two ago, how ever, It meant much. For Stanhope was the conqueror of Minoroa ; and Minorca, uu utiti u wen remarseo, was tne Malta of tbe eighteenth century. We took It iu 1708, aud held it for the beet part of a century, at tbe end of which time it was banded over to the Spaniards. Apparently tbey got it be cause tbey asked for it. At all events, oo blstorian has ever assigned aoy more cogent reason. Our extraordinary com plaisance in ibis respect is the more curious because we bad nreviously thought so highly of tbe Islaod tbat for merely failing to relieve the garrison, we had poor old Admiral Byog tried by oourt martlal, and shot on tbe deck of bis own fiag-Bhlp. Corsica ocoupied a slightly different position, as a dependency, from Minorca, Insomuch that lis Inhabitants bad them selves placed their Island uuder British protection, aud elected George III. as their king. It was ours, free gratis aod for Doiblog. It did oot cost as tbe life of a single soldier, or the expenditure of a single peony piece. Nevertheless, we thought so little of It that, after govern ing it for three years, we withdrew our troops, and loft It to the mercy of the Freoob, who, needless to say, promptly aooexed It, aod Io whose possession it has remained ever eince. Curiously enough, during tbe three years that tbe British flag waved over tbe ramparts of Ajacclo, Napoleon I. was a resident In the city, and was therefore, uunug UIBU Battue tn Lime, a crilisn subject. Aud wbile on tbe subject of Corsica, it may be mentioned that we seem always to have bad a penobaot for giving away places in tbe Mediterranean. In addition Io Tangier, the Ionian Isiands, Corsica aod Minorca, concerning all of wblob mention bas already been made, wealso owned, at different periods, Sardinia, Sicily, and Elba. But we let tbem all slip. Io tbe same way, and quite recently, we parted with Heligolaod to Germany. In Ibis case, it is troe, we are supposed to have received a quid pro quo in Africa; but it would probably puzzle anyone, save perbaps a professional politician, to Bay exactly in what It coosieUd. 