M f U H l M MM®. ST. JOrorS, LILYDALE. Tbe rifceof confirmation mi Administered on Tuesday last at 3 p.m. by his Lordship the Bishop of Melbourne. Early in tim «Jit$>w]noon the candidates and tlwtr Meii&i; began to assemble, and tbe Ladies Oiithi, who formed themselves into a hospitality -committee, welcomed the visitors and invited them to isfreshuu|jte in the schoolroom. Before tie apporotod time the church was SHud to overflowing. Tbe female candidates, most of whom were dressed in white, occupied the lour front pen on tbe north side and tbe malm three pews on tbe south ride, all seemed duly impressed with the serionsne&s; of the occasion. The service was began by singing the hymn— Jesus and shall it ever be A mortal nun ashamed of Thee ? The Incumbent, acting as Bishop's Chaplain, read the "Preface," after which his Lordship addressed the candidates oni the words: "When Thou saidst seek ye My face, my heart said onto Thee, thy face. Lord, will I seek." you to-day—seek ye tnjT face. He gives yon a special call daring preparation lor confirmation. . There ire other calls at different times In life to seek His face, such as sickness, the death of friends, and the still small voice in solitude. You now have dftne to say the great " I do." It is a serious, and yet It ought to be a happy time. May yon be able to join the Psalmist in the words, "My heart says, Thy face, Lord, will I seek," The Bishop and your minister can judge only by tbe outward appearance, but God can see whether of not your hearts answer Him. Remember the good woman Lydia. God opened her heart to St. Paai's teaching; may He open yonr hearts likewise. The Bishop then defined confirmation as " the ordinance of tbe Holy Ghost," and showed that the holy rite rested on (he authority of the Bible. The really important thing at confirmation was to gain the help of the Holy Spirit to help them to keep their promises. He then addressed the parents and friends and asked them to join earnestly in prayer for tbe candidates, and expressed tbe hope that the occasion wonld prove a time of true revival. The 38 persons were then presented by the Incumbent, and kneeling in pairs before the Bishop, received the rite of laying on of hands. After this was sung— O Jesus I have promised To serve Thee to the end. Again addressing the confirmees the Bishop said that the devil's most effective temptation to the well-disposed was " Not yet" or the putting off •f well-doing. He advised the young to b^gin at once the holy practices of religion, to be constant in prayer, in the reading of their Bibles, and to be regular in attending holy communion. He warned „tbe*n against the temptations of an active life, letting business interfere with religious duties and church-going, and further he dwelt on the difficulties in the way of an old man's turning religious, as " life is a bundle of habits." Finally he urged on the young people the desirability of working for Christ in some way- Sunday-school, choir, guild, &c.; re minding them " How tar the little candle throws its beams." The re maining prayers were then offered and after the byusn, "O happy day that fixed my choice," the Bishop pro nounced Benediction. Tbe service on tbe whole was extremely impressive and edifying. Following is a list of the candidates:— Females.—A. £. Addis, M. Aitken, M. J, Aitken, M. E, I. Burke, K. J. Duck. E. M. Uucfe, Mrs J. S. F. Early, M. A. Fisher, A. M. M. Jehnson, J. T. Johneon, C. A, Macinre, M. E. Moroney, E. J. Moroney, C. M. ead.OM. BflfaHh&M.B.; Schroder, A. M. Sharkie, J. S. Smith, H. p. Smith, F. E. Stephenson, U. Stephenson. Males.—J. Aitken, J. O. Ai+ken, B. R. E Burke, L R. Barnell, EL J. M. Cook, C w" tieiger, E. C. Macintyre, W. G. Mason. C H." Ma^n, W. Read, W. J. Sebire, E. J. Sharkie, W. Sharkie, E G. Smith, R. C. Taylor, W T F ! Towt, W. tt. Warwick. After signing the certificates of con firmation his Lordship inspected tbe alterations and improvements lately effected in the church, and expressed himself highly gratified at the excellent work done by the Ladies' Guild. A special service was held in the evening when the church was again well filled. The prayers havirg been ssid by the Incumbent, the Bishop preached, taking for his text, " Come and see."—John 1,46). Alluding to the narrative he said that Philip's action and language showed a loving zeal for others, this being the true Christian spirit which was opposed to selfishness. What was advertising ? It was amply spreading knowledge. This Philip did, and so. those confirmees who have had a blessing themselves should try to influence others for good, for the secret of Christian influence was personal experience. " Gome and see" was the language of rational conviction. Phillip was satisfied that Jesus was the Messiah foretold in tbe Law and the Prophets, and he declined argument knowing that all diffi- culties in Nathanael's mind would vanish in the Master's presence. The conflict of wits in discussion had its uses, but all could not be learned divines or logicians, and the wisest even were not able to answer all difficulties in the Book of Nature and Revelation. These obscurities were to try their faith and humble their pride, yet everyone may speak a word in season and say from experience, " I know that belief in Christ makes me happy." Tbe Bishop expressed his pleasure in addressing such a huge and attentive congregation, and said that he was glad to see such an tmuBual number of male confirmees. He thanked tbe Ladies' Guild for making tbe House of God seemly and comely to all beholders, as these tilings were only consonant with the delight they should have in it. In conclusion he spoke of the minister's work and reminded tbe congregation of their duty to pray for him- There 9*8 a fu» aifce&iteDpe; of choir whidi, under Mr A.B. Taylor's guidance, gave an excellent rendering of tbe Psalm* fend hymns. During the offertory Mrs Syme sang with much feeling and expression, "There is a green hill far away." Miss Moroney presided at the organ and showed her accustomed taste and judgment iu the accompaniments. 