DIOCESAN NEWS. The Passionist Fathers. The missions of the Fathers respectively at Subiaco and Highgate Hill, which had been con- ducted with great success during the week, the attendance at all the exercises and at Holy Communion being very numerous, were concluded on Sunday evening. On Monday Father John commenced a mission at Jarrahdale, and on Thursday Father Clement began one at South Perth, both to terminate on Sunday evening. On Wednesday the 14th inst., a retreat for the priests of the diocese will commence, lasting until Tuesday the 20th inst. Mean time the daily Mass at the Cathedral will be discontinued. Those on Sunday, how ever, will be celebrated at the usual hours. The golden jubilee of Fifty Years in the Rev. Mother Mary Religion. Evangelist, will be cele brated to-day (Saturday) at the convent of the Sisters of Mercy, of which the Rev. Mother has been for many years superior. A High Mass will be of fered on the occasion in the chapel of the convent. The Rev. Gerald Griffin, vvT e l c o m e a young priest for the Arrivals. diocese of Perth, ar rived at Fremantle on Wednesday by the German steamer Stutt gart. Father Griffin, who hails "from the County Limerick, was educated at the College of the Holy Ghost, Black Rock, County Dublin. The Rev. John Sherrin, a priest for the archdiocese of Sydney, hut who, by permission of the Cardinal Arch bishop, will for some time give his services in the diocese of Perth, is, while we write, expected to arrive by the incoming mail at Albany. At tlie same time eight postu lants of the order of St. Joseph will arrive for the convent at Boulder. It is not quite certain as to whether another .priest, who comes here under the same circumstances as-Father Sherrin, is coming by the same vessel, hut, if not, he will follow without delay. The weekly meeting League of the of the Fremantle Cross, Fremantle. League of the Cross took place in St. Pat rick's Hall on Monday night, when the Very Rev. Father Ryan, O.M I., presided. An. enjoyable concert programme was sub mitted by Misses Bryon, Doran, Annie Jarvis, and Julia Thorpe, and Messrs. Con. Glasson, O'Halloran, and W. O. Mason. 