[PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGE 1IENT.J HIS ENEMY'S DAUGHTER, By ERNEST GLANYILLE, Author of "The Fossieker," "The Lover's Quest," "The Kloof Bride," "The Lost Heiress," "A Fair Colonist," etc., etc. CHAPTER XVII. The air in the valley was always delicious, as the cold blast from the mountain mingled with the wlarm breath from the Montana, but in the evening it was best of all to sit on the verandah of the quinta and look out upon the silvery lake, or up at the brilliant stars, whose brightness was heightened by the dark walls of the en closing cliffs. Then fires gleamed from the toldos, the strains of music floated softly, coupled with the sound of sing ing and the not unmusical croaking and piping in varied notes, from deep bass to shrill treble, of a multitude of frogs in the lake, or with the. melan choly "conk, conk".of swans, winging their heavy way to the feeding grounds, The great ruins, too, were spangled with myriads of fireflies that seemed to hold out a pretence of the far-off lights of a gay and populous city, so that once seated on the verandah, or swinging in a hammock, it was delightful to sink into reverie, and a diflicult thing to re. tire to bed. The place, too, was instilled with the spirit of the past; the valley itself had been the cathedral of a dead and mistaken but noble religion, which had its birth in the sun and touched with light the problems of life, and its earthly ideals were still here in the icalm lake, in the flowing water, in the beneficent vegetable life, and in the beauty of mountain and sky. For Mr. Milcent there was no eleep on the first night. His brain was excited by the rich feast that was spread out for him in the singular sign of the lake, in the ruins ivith their sign language, and their geometrical ornamentation, and above all in that massive pyramid based on cyclopean cubes. Before sunrise he was pacing along the shores of the lake, and at first light of dawn he had climbed to the raised circle of hard, smooth rock about three feet in circumference, with a cone, sharply cut and symmetri cally rising from the centre about three inches in height. The astronomer gave a cry of delight when he saw this. "A sun-circle," he murmured; "the Ynti- huatana of the Incas for astrono mical observations. In a beautiful state of preservation. Perfect indeed, quite perfect." He looked, shading his eyes with his hand, from the stone to the sun. "How extraordinary!" he cried, for the rising orb appeared on the left through a gap in the wall of the valley. "That gap must have been made pur posely," and he turned round to face the west. But on the west the face of the cliff rose high; so high that he saw that in the afternoon the spot where he stood would be in the shade, a circumstance which made him wonder that the Incas should have reared a sun-circle at such a place. Re garding the smooth surface of the circle he discerned faint lines, which he judged were meridian lines, and he was busy endeavouring to decipher other faint lines, when a hand was laid on his arm, and he found Colonel Colston peering over his shoulder. "Do you know what this stone is intended for?" asked the Colonel, harshly. "Yes, sir," said the student, taking off his glasses to polish them, as little moved by the other's sudden appear ance as if he had been a beetle, "this is a dial, or sun-circle, by means of which the Inca priests took the alti tude of. the sun, ascertained the time of the summer and winter solstice, and arranged their calendar. I was en deavouring to trace what were most likely meridian lines, but which have apparently been obliterated, together with other marks, by human agency. If you glance along the level of the dial you will see that some friction has been applied to the surface, though how anyone could have been guilty of the sacrilege of destroying a very perfect figure of human 'skill and study is beyond my imagination." "Ah!" hissed the Colonel, between his teeth. "You think this was an astronomical figure? I remember hav ing seen lines and circles when I last saw the stone, and, as you say; they have been removed, and that recently." "There can be no doubt of its origin, but I am puzzled at its position.;Db h serve this gnomon in the centre is perpendicular to the horizon, through yonder gap. But what amazes me is that the ancient, astronomers should have selected a site from which they could not observe the de.linilng phases of the sun, as the cliff on the west would throw the sun-dial into the shade. It seems to me therefore that this sun-circle, o0, as they called it, a Ynti- huatana,- was for some sub sidiary purpose; either for partial ob servations or for some religious cere mony." . - "Do you think," said the Colonel, indifferently, "that you could retrace the obliterated lines?" while he re flected that this sun-dial might hold the clue to the treasure. "Certainly I could, as well as the lines of the summer and winter solstice." The Colonel stood for some time watching Mr. Mlilcent, as with the aid of a strong magnifier that gentleman now bent over the smooth stone, and again compared the well-defined shadow from the gnomon with his watch. "Suppose," he said, "that the lines you think were traced on the dial were in relation to the objects in the valley -the site of the temple, for instance, and the correct position of other works that would be treasured by the Incas -do you think you could follow their scheme?" "Only by marking the position of the temple and other objects, and ascertaining if they were in line with the defined points of the compass. Now, for instance, you see that a line from the rising sun passes directly over this circle to a cleft in the cliff beyond." "Yes, it is so. I wonder I never observed that before. You would oblige me very much, Mr. Milcent, if you would restore the lines of the circle, bearing in view one important fact, that the Incas regulated the site of their buildings by astronomical observation, and that several interest ing gold plates from the Temple of the Sun have been hidden in some secret place whose whereabouts was most probably indicated by the lines on this circle. Now I have here a sketch of another sun-circle, which may guide you in your work," and he pro duced an exact sketch taken from the gold disc he had shown to Miss Dunell. "This may be of great value to me," said Mr. Milcent, after a close inspec tion, "but before saying anything further I will wait until noon, when I will take 'an observation of the sun from this spot, and work out the meridian. From that basis I can perhaps do much; but I will be most careful, most careful. It will be most congenial work-indeed, I could wish for no better." "That is right; there is plenty of time before you, and with your permission I will occasionally watch your pro gress. Now let us go back to. break fast, and if you will take my advice say nothing about this sun-dial to any one, otherwise your duties may be hindered." "So," he muttered, as he went back with Mr. Milcent, walking with hands clasped behind him and bent head, "that is why Ferdinand did not wish me to climb that pyramid. He has studied the signs and obliterated them for his own purpose. Very well, if he will play for his own hand against me it will be just as well if I know the value of his cards." As they neared the quinto Captain Gomez came forward to meet them. "I have news of the Senor Elmore, your Excellency." "Well?" "He is with El Demonio in the Mon tana; and they have assembled a band of Indians, who have already danced the war dance." "For .what purpose have they gathered?" "Why? To attack your Excellency." "They must have short memories, Gomez, to have forgotten so soon the lesson we taught them. You look dis turbed. Are you afraid they will not fight?" "I tell your Excellency that he whom men call El Demonio is with the Indians." "Is he a person of importance, then?" "He is an Indian-and yet not an Indian. They say he is .of the Incas, and that his word is law among the savages." "I thought we had heard the last of the Incas," said the Colonel, with a dark look. Gomez glanced down as the Colonel passed his hand over his eyes. "What sort of a man is this Indian leader? Is he old?" "He is young; but though young he is old in cunning and terrible in his hate. Surely your Excellency has heard of the man who has hunted down and killed five of our band in so many years-five out of six?" "And who is the sixth, Gomez?" "I am that one," said the Captain quietly, while his dark eyes for an instant examined the other's face. "You, Gomez? Is there then any one so rash as to seek your life? And why should he single out six?" "Why?" said Gomez, in hollow tones. "Does your Excellency wish to know?" The Colonel started. "Speak!" he commanded, harshly. "There were six who took the lady and her boy into the woods. I am the sixth." The Colonel went grey. Then he straightened himself, saying quietly. Not six, Gomez. There were seven, and I who gave the order am the seventh. If he seeks your ilife, he must, with more cause, seek mine." "Your Excellency says it, and so it is. I would advise humbly that a troop be sent forth into the Montana to Ilis perse the Indians and seize this man." "Why seize him?" "Would your Excellency have him shot? He is a young man and hand some, and great in spirit. He might do service for your Excellency, as his knowledge of the country and the old people who lived here is greater than any man living." "It was not my wish to make war on these people, Gomez. But if I must fight; understand, I will make no prisoners. If you deal leniently with them they never recognise you as a master and will attack again. Send out spies at once to watch their movements, and get ready twenty picked men. I will lead them myself if they advance, and put an end once for all to their schemes." "It is the- will of God,"-''?muttered Gomez, as he saluted and went slowly to the toldos. 0Oifthe verandah of the quinta was Mr..Ferdinand, smoking the inevitable cigar. "Hah! Colonel, been up early? Judg ing from your expi'ession it does not seem to have agreed with you." ."No. There is some - treacher:y on foot. I find that an Inca tracing has been discovered by someone, pro baly copied by him, and the original obliterated. The design may have given thie clue we want." "You surprise me." "It may surprise you a great deal more when I tell you that:the design was on the top of that pyramid you always dissuaded me from investigatl ing." -'IReally! ..I must look into .;he matter." S"Don't trouble," said the Colonel, with a look of dislike and suspicion. Mr. Milcent will restore the design, ind I shall expect you to give him every assistance by leaving him undis turbed." "Am I to understand from that that you have let Mr. Milcent into our secret!" "Don't take that tone with me, FerdinandrI am managing the affair this time, and all I require from you is good faith. As regards the secret, it is known only to you and to me." "I am glad of that," said the other, with a sneer, "for last night Miss Dunell was putting to me several leading questions about the existence of buried treasure in this valley, and I conclude I must attribute that to feminine intuition. By the way, GomeO has no doubt told you that the Indians are moving." .*. . "He has, and it occurs to me, Ferdi nand, that you had better lead a troop of our men against them." "Thanks, very much. But I have no desire to enter the Montana, still less since you have provided me with such charming society; and though Marian is not very gracious, yet I prefer her in her most chilling manner to the chance of meeting El Demonio." "What, are you, too, afraid of that scoundrel?" and the Colonel raised his eyebrows. "Afraid is rather a strong word, my Colonel; but since you put it in that light, I admit I am afraid of that scoundrel, as you justly call him, and I say that no man who has met him, or heard of his deeds, can be other than afraid." Colonel Colston smiled. "I think," he said, "I had better meet the demon myself." Ferdinand started, and for an instant a look of triumph flashed from his dark eyes, to be succeeded by an expression of horror. "Don't!" he said, feebly. "I would rather go myself." "What do you mean?" said the Colonel sternly. "Gomez tried to dis suade me. Have you got the impudence to think that I have passed my fighting days?" "Heaven forbid," said the other, with a ghost of a smile, "but we want you here." "You want me here," repeated the Colonel, with concentrated bitterness. "I do not think you would regret very much if you were left in the sole'enjoy ment of the valley and all it holds." "Think what you like, Colonel Colston, but believe that I am doing you the best service a man could in warning you against meeting thaE Indian in battle." "Were he the foul fiend himself," said the Colonel, coldly, "I would face him now." He turned on his heel, paced with a stiff military stride to the gate, and beckoned to Gomez. "Captain Gomez, are you sure of your information about the Indians?" "Yes, Excellency." "How far off are they?" "Two days' march, no further; due south." "Have twenty men in readiness, with 'three days' 'rations, and fifty rounds each. Arrange also thal Lieutenant Pedro follows to-morrow with extra ammunition. Tell him where to rendezvous, and take two runners to keep him in touch." "A good place for him" to hold would be the second pajnale in the forest, where you Excellency shot the jaguar." "Let it be so." And the Colonel stroked his grey moustaches. "I was a younger man when I killed the jaguar. I doubt whether I am not too old for that work now, Gomez," and he glanced at the Captain through half closed eyelids. "Your Excellency's muscles are of iron, and your eyes have not lost their keenness. The men were saying so in the night. They remembered that your name was 'El Tigre,' and the tiger grows more terrible with age." "Well, they will have an opportunity of judging. I will lead them myself. Eh? What are you muttering?" "I was thinking," said the Captain, fidgeting with his hands, "that I may be mistaken about the Indians, and it would be a pity to take your Excellency into the forest so soon." "Come, what is your real reason?" Gomez looked up with a troubled glance. "It is my place to meet El Demonio first." "Be ready with your men in an hour's time." And the Colonel stalked away with a look of high displeasure. As he took his place at the breakfast table, a little voice challenged him with the question. "Have you found my bruvver yet, like you said you would?" (To be Continued Next Saturday.) 