THE LIGHT THA!" CAST SHADOW. M) Carious stories are told about the powers possessed by certain natives of .ficdia, who live., up among tho Himalaya Mountains. These old men, it is said, have devoted seoies of years to the study cf natural laws and forces, which the rest of the world knows nothing about. Lately a German 1'rofessor visited the "adepts," as these queer "Hindus are called, for the purpose of Xindiug out tbe secret of their remarkable peiformances. They treated him- gather sciirviiy, but interested him all the same. One day the Professor wanted i to oxa mine some aucient Sanskrit manuscripts. An adept went with him to a cave wherein the books were kept. The O ace was dark as the botto ra of a well. '"1 can't see to read here," said the visitor. "Then wc will have some light/' was the reply, and immediately (the Professor suys) a soit, pearly light brightened the cave, lie c-juid not teil whenc: it came, quality—it but he' noticed cast not that the it slishtest'shaTjvr had one strange This is a story hard to believe, vet its truth is -ffirmed bv a ir.aa of vast learn-! ing and high character, and you who now j reSd it have no reason for doubt, except that aii the lights you have seen have east I shadows. BflK* or unbelief commonly ! runs parallel with one's own experience. I Dr. Jcbnsoii - - seiifed ........ at the account . of . . the Lisbon earthquake, yet credited the tale of the Cocrk-lsaie ghost. A man who has been ill for years, and failed to lind a cure, is sceptical wiien friends tell him of a medicine whieh they believe will niake him well.- What else but doubt could result from his experience? Take an example:— "In the spring of iSSS," writes our correspondent. "I fell into a low, weak, and I languid state. I felt jow- spirited and out i of sorts. At first my stoin.-ich was deranged, my appetite poor, ana after eating 1 nad pain «jad weight at the chest. I was much troubled with wind, and frequently spat up a sour fluid, also bitter bile. Later on I suiTeied with nervousness and great depression of spirits. 1 kept np with my work, but had always a sense cf discomfort. Off and on I con- tinued in this way for two years, nothing that I took relieving mo.. At last I heard of Mother Seigei's Syrup, and procured a supply. After I bad taken only a few doses 1 found relief; my food digested, and gradually all nervousness left inc. Although 1 had no reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine, never having used it or seen it used, I now gladly admit its value and its power over disease. Since' civ recovery, for which I thank Mother Seigei's Curative Syrup, I have been in the best of health and spirits. In the interest of suffering humanity I deem it a duty to send you this testimony. (Signed) D. Griffiths, tailor snd outfitter, 151, Hockley Hill, Birminghanij June 8th, 1S93." Theie is a deal of difference between Mr. Griffiths' candid letter and the story about the light that cast no shadow. The latter may be true enough, but it .cannot be -verined without more trouble than it is worth. On the other hand we have a trustworthy -witness, who will jiiiswer letters of enquiiy, and can be found at his address. .Pinallv, there is nothing mys4c or magical about Mother Seigei's Curative Syrup. It acts on the theory that most ailments- are but sympto-ns, forms, or phases of that universal disease—indigestion and dyspepsia; it cures that, and throws the light of health and happiness over heartfas and homes where ^illness and pain had cast such a dark and terrifying shadow. And that is why people believe all that is told of its success by eager witnesses. fio^fivz 