Herr tiassmussen. THE CELEBRATED DANISH HER- BALIST IN COOLGARDIE. The only herbalist in W.A. Kervous Skin, and Blood sufferers will be glad to hear that Herr Rassmussen has arrived at Coolgardie. His Alfaline Herbal Remedies are simply wonderful, and most possess extraordinary virtues out of the common, considering they have cured thousands of hopeless nervous sufferers and constitutional blood and skin diseases, as well as rheumatism, liver and kidney complaint, influenza, consumption, and fevers. His head office is at 547 George-Btreet, Sydney, with branches in each colony, and three in this colony, viz," at Kalgoorlie (LindeU's Chambers, Hannan-street), at Coolgardie (in Bayleystreet, next Freemason's Hotel), and in Perth, in Hay- streetj next the Theatre Royal entrance. Sufferers should call at Herr Rasmussen's Coolgardie office and see him personally, and also obtain his free book, • The Natural Doctor,' which contains most valuable advice for all complaints, or send for same by post. All particulars and any adviee concerning these remedies are given free. His Alfaline Vitality Pills are unequalled for all nervous affections, and will cure the most obstinate debility; boxes 6s, courses 23s 6d. His Alfaline Lock Cure Pills will cure any blood and skin disease, no matter how caused; boxes 6s, courses 23s 6d His Alfaline Universal Pills are unexcelled for all complaints peculiar to ladies ; boxes 5s, courses 23s 6d. His Alfaline Liver and Kidney Pills never fail to cure costiveness, i ndigestion, and biliousness ; boxes, Is Among all his other excellent herbal remedies are his Alfaline Pile Powder, packets 3s and 6s; Fat Reducing Powders, packets.3s and 6s; Flesh Producing Powders, which give muscle and strength and improve the figure and bust, 3s and 6s; his Headache Tablets, which cure the headache instantly, packets Is; ointment, Is; eucalyptus oil and jujubes of superior quality, boxes Is ; Diarrhoea Powders, 3s and 6s; Rheumatic Pills, Asthma and Cough Pills, Fever Pills expressly prepared, and most effectual for fevers peculiar to the W.A. goldfields ; Electric Belts and Electric Suspender Bandages, protected by Boyal Letters Patent. Herr Rasmussen's Altaiine Remedies are all guaranteed purely herbal, and can only be obtained from his own establishments. No miner or visitor to the goldfields should leave Coolgardie without viaiting Herr Rassmussen. Herr Rassmussen will be in his new premises, Bayley-street, next Freemason's Hotel, after August 10, and he will display a large number of testimonials and other evidence of the great virtues his wonderful Alfaline Herbal Remedies con tain. We would strongly advise sufferers to afce advantage of this opportunity of the class with whom we see the German officers making merry in the first act. This sort of thing is a public insult to the foreigner The intrigue of the piece turns upon the design of a German officer, Eric von Rodeck, to violate Yvonne de Grandpre, at whose chateau a number of German officers are quartered. In the second act the attempt to commit rape is shown with circumstantial theatricality, and there is not even a spark of excitement in tbe whole business, of which the nastinessis not so overpowering as the dulness. 11 sometimes wonder that eelf-respectiug actors and actresses can be found to take part in such scenes. There was aa episode in one of Henry Arthur Jones' plays of two men playing cards, the villian staking his wife against tbe hero's money ; Mr Potter does better than that—cr worse. Three officers throw d : ce for the privilege of dishonoring Yvonne at a cabaret, where she i3 discovered by Rodeck, to whom she falls. The agonised Yvonne, finding all means of escape cut off, when Rodeck turns down the lights and pockets the keys, of all the doors, resigns herself to the worst and swoons. Rodeck is then suddenly seized with remorse, and he leaves the place. The drunken keeper of the cabaret finds Yvonne there, and attempts to rob her, for he also is a lustful wretch, and ready to do anything for money—anything, apparently, except sell his wines to the officers when they come to his cabaret. This inconsistency, I imagine, is the effect of trying to mitigate the grossness of the scene as it was originally written for the American stage. Rodeck comes back to find the ruffian with Yvonne in his grip, and, all the man in Rodeck rising, he murders him. In the next act Yvonne, looking like a ghost, determines to kill the officer by whom she imagiaes herself to have been violated—though the uncertainty in her own mind upon the point suggepts an idea which does not redound to the lady's honor—and she stabs him with a knife. No sooner is this done than ehe regrets it, and the maiden all forlorn (if I may say so) carries him off to her OWD room to nurse him. Rodeck by this time has conceived an honorable passion for the lady, and—of all incomprehensible ideas !—she is even more suddenly seized with love for him. - She has to hide him from her brother, who evades the enemy by dressing himself up as a Prassian officer, and in order to protect her lover, she readily sends her own brother to his death by closing her door to him when his only means of escape is through her chamber. In the latter half the play changes its tone, and it is no longer dull »nd ugly, but only rank nonsense ; and nonsense is not more endurable tban nastiness at a theatre of the repute/of the St James's. Mr H. V. Esmond, capitally made up as a German officer, who has been paying his addresses to Yvonne's sister, is accepted as her lover, and Yvonne confesses her love for the regenerate Rodeck. In effect, the position of the S&bine; women seems to be exactly reversed, and with German officers engaged to be married to cbarming Frenchwomen, the wonder is tha| they don't throw down their arms there and then, and refuse to fight against the French. A nice conception Mr Potter must have of the feeling that existed in France ia those days ! The French woman did not live who would have married a Pruesian. The play was received with great applause, but audiences at a first performance are not very discriminating, and the production of 4 The Conquerors' seems to me an occasion for plain, speaking by those who are not least concerned for the interests of the stage and of the public and of a most deservedly popular manager. upon it until it had been accepted by maritime states in general. Again, "m 1859, Mr Marcy, in refusing, on the part of the United Statee, to accede to tia • Declaration of Paris, by which privateering was abolished, stated'that, ag it was a cardinal principle of national policy that the country should not be burdened with the weight of permanent armaments, the right of employing privateers mnst be retained unless the safety" of the mercantile marine could be assured. He Offered to give up that right, however, if it were conceded ' that the private property of tbe subjects of two belligerent Powers should not be subject to capture except in cases of contraband of war.' In 3870 tbe game opinion wss expressed, and in 1871 ihe United States actually concluded a treaty with Italy by which it was stipulated that jfrivatw property should not' be seized except for breach of blockade or as contraband of war. In several other instances the same principle has been affirmed, but invariably by Powers that were not strong enough to defend their own commerce. There does not seem to be any prospect of an immediate recognition of the principle by all Powers, for the captuie of merchant vessels is one of the most powerful of all aggressive weapons, in that it tends to disorganise the trade and diminish the food and other supplies of a country. In addition, the capture of a vessel and its crew is to be defended on the ground that a merchant ship is'always ready to be transformed into a man-of-war, and the merchant sailors into actual combatants. 