Parramatta District. The first Synod of the Parramatta District : commenced its ministerial session on Wednes day, November 23rd. in the Parramatta Church, the Rev. J. E. Carruthers. Chair man of the District, presiding. The fol lowing ministers answered to their names: — Revs. R. Caldwell. J. Hopkins, W. H. lieale. W. Glasson, H. Allen, E. King, G. 0. Cocks. J. Tarn, and W. Lucas. The Rev. W. H. Beale was elected secretary and nominated the Rev. G. 0. Cocks as his assistant. The Rev. E. King was appointed to report proceedings to the press. The Synod being constituted, the chairman very cordially welcomed the ministers present, and the Rev. R. Caldwell 'the father' of the Synod, responded in a felicitous mannar. ex pressing sue commence ami esteem oi nis brethren in their official head. Feeling references were made to the applica tion of the Rev. T. li. McMicliael for a dispen sation of absence, and a letter of earnest sympathy was directed to be sent. Dis pensation of absence was also accorded Rev. H. Woodhouse, a similar letter to be sent to him. Tlie chairman reported visiting the Home Mission Station at Gosford, and being gratified with the work carried on by our agent there. : ' The following resolution touching the train ing of candidates for our ministry was adopted on the motion of Rev. W. H. Beale. '1. That the Synod calls attention to the 1 fact that no report of the Provisional Theologi cal Institution has been received for presenta tion to the Synod. 2. The report of the Central Theological Institution having been received and considered this Synod notes with satisfaction the comprehensive course of in ? struction it sets forth. 3. It also submits for consideration of Conference the fact that the scale of fees charged appear to be less than those charged at our own Provisional Theologi cal Institution as shown in the published balance sheet. (Min, of. Conf.). 4. The Synod recommends that steps be taken io ascertain whether the trust deeds of the Xewington estate disclose any legal bar to the adoption by the New South Wales Conference of the resolution of the General Conference, 185)7 (Min. Gen. Conf. p. 44) and that in the event of no such difficulty existing the General Con ference resolutions be carried out.' The condition of the Katoomba Circuit coming under the review of the Synod it was resolved to recommend that the Conference , give special consideration to its case, and to appoint a supernumerary minister to the charge of the circuit or else that a larger grant be made to the single minister in charge. The report of the Century Commemoration Fund having been presented, it was resolved on the motion yjj Rev. W. H. Beale, — ' That in the judgment 'of this Synod it will be necessary for the success of the Century Com memoration Fund — (1) That a minister be set apart as organising secretary to the fund ; (2) That in each district a secretary be appointed, also a committee and a secretary in each circuit who shall be responsible for the carrying out of local details.' The Revs. Ii. Caldwell, of Camden, and W. Glasson, of Windsor, will be due for new appointments at the ensuing Conference. At 3.30 p.m. a conference with the ministers of the Primitive Methodist Church stationed in the district was held at the request of the Metho dist Federal Council, for the purpose of supply ing the needful information re circuit adjust ments in the event of Methodist Union becoming an accomplished fact. After the statistics and general requirements of the circuits concerned were considered, the follow ing conclusions were arrived at unanimously. Parramatta to take two married ministers as at present. Camden and Penrith have lay agents only in the employ of the sister Church, and these circuits, it was found, could take three married ministers where only two are now labouring, Camden taking the second man. The proceedings were conducted in a very harmonious, fraternal spirit, anil in the evening a very helpful united district service was held, Rev. R. Caldwell preaching an eloquent and timely sermon on ' The Baptism of the Holy Ghost.' The Sacrament of the Lord's Supper followed, the Revs. J. E. Carruthers, R. Cald well, W. II. Beale. J. Hopkins, and Rev. J. Penman (Primitive Methodist) taking part in the administration. Financial Sessions. The second day the following laymen were associated in Synod with the ministers, viz., Messrs. E. K. Bowden, G. W. Oldham (Parramatta), F. Allard, W. Midson (Ryde), J. R. Anderson, A. E. Fletcher (Liverpool and Granville), A. Price, J. Lane (Windsor), AV. AValker (Sackville), C. AV. Phillips (Homebush), J. Stanton, F. H. Masliman (Penrith), R. Todd (Camden), and J. Chandler (Katoomba and Mount Arictoria). The Chairman extended a hearty welcome to the repiesentatives, and delivered an appro priate inaugural address. On the motion of Rev. AV. H. Beale, the Rev. 11. Caldwell secured the hearty thanks of the Synod for his earnest, evangelical, and edifying sermon preached the previous evening. An important discussion arose on the question of the forma tion of the new country districts, and the crea tion of the large metropolitan synod, the consen sus of opinion being adverse to the continuance of the latter provision. A motion to discontinue the late division of the districts and revert to the old order of two Sydney districts was, how ever, lost, the feeling of the meeting being to give the present allocation of country districts a trial. The name of the Sackville Circuit was recom mended to be changed to that of 'The Hawkes bury,' m deference to the wishes ot the Quarterly Meeting of that Circuit. Katoomba Circuit sought exemption from the obligation to become a married preachers' station. The request was endorsed. The Statistical Returns show an increase of 3 schools, (5 local preachers, 49 members of society. 10 Christian Endeavour societies, and 200 attendants or adherents, and a decrease of 3 Sunday-schools. 20 teachers, and 119 scholars. There are 41 churches, 33 other preaching places, 13 school-buildings. 6 parsonages, 12 ministers, G2 local preachers, 27 class leaders, %'J members, 25 Christian Endeavour societies. G6S5 attendants on public worship, 46 Sunday schools, 2S7 teachers. 2751 scholars, and 19 Bands of Hope, showing an enrolment of 1111 pledged abstainers. A very interesting conversation on the Work of God ensued, in which all the ministers and most of the laymen took part. A very gracious manifestation of the Divine Presence charac terised the occasion, which was felt by all to be a very blessed season of spiritual refreshing, and the following resolution was unanimously passed : — ' This District Synod having heard the statistical returns of our churches and Sunday-schools read, after a lengthy conversa tion upon the state of the Work of God in the several circuits in this District, while marking, with gratitude to God, an increase in our mem bership, pledges itself to renewed consecration to God and more intense devotion to the work of the Church, and requests the Chairman, if practicable, to make arrangements for at least two district missions to be held during the coming year.' The liev. AV. II. Beale was elected repre sentative to Stationing Commitee and Con ference. anil the Rev. R. Caldwell, with Messrs. McLellaud and Allard to the Distribution Com mittee. Churches at Mount Arictoria and Flemington have been completed during the year, with no debt on the former and a small debt on the latter. Trust debts were in most cases through out the district being lessened, the sum of over £700 being recorded. Grants were recommended to the Liverpool and Granville, AVindsor, and Katoomba Circuits. A special sum of £20 to the latter circuit being also suggested, while a loan of £1000 was recommended for the Parramatta Church. Most of the properties in the circuits are insured. Those not covered in that way were directed to make provision of that nature as soon as possible. The Century Commemoration Fund Pro posals were all recommended to the Conference, with the exception of the alternative proposal re organising secretary, and the better main tenance and extension of our Church work in the needy districts of New South AVales. The report of the Sunday School Union Committee recommending to the Conference the setting apart of a minister for work amongst the young was well considered. After careful discussion the motion which met with the approval of the Synod was to the effect that the matter had the sympathy of the Synod, but the financial obligations as pro posed in the scheme were a bar to its acceptance. The scheme for the formation of Christian Endeavour District Unions met the approval of the Synod and it was recommended together with the inclusion of the question in the order of business, ' What is the state of the Christian Endeavour Societies in this district ?' Church Sustentation and Extension Society : As nothing by way of proposals affecting these societies had been sent to the Synod, the following resolution was passed : — t;AVe express the opinion that all matters of interest and proposals emanating from these societies should be submitted as matters of information to all the Synods.' lite Methodist. The following resolution was adopted : — ' This District Synod marks with great pleasure the improved character of the Methodist- generally, and commends it to the support of our people. It also directs the attention of the manager to the many complaints in country circuits of its irregular delivery.' Rev. AAr. Glasson moved, — ' That we emphatically express our disapproval of the Sun da J' Opening and Totalisator Bills, and resolve to memorialise both Houses of Parliament to reject them, and request the chairman and secretary of the Synod to sign and present them. It was resolved unanimously ' that the Con ference be requested to direct the Quarterly Meetings and Trustee Meetings to expresss an opinion on the advisability of obtaining legal authority for the extension of the term as provided in the permissive legislation of General Conference, and remit the decisions arrived at to the Synod.' It was resolved to recommend that provision be made for assisting the President in direct circuit work so as to allow him to visit the circuits and districts during his term of office. On the motion of the Rev. E. King the invi tation of the Penrith Quarterly Meeting to hold the Synod of 1S99 in Penrith was accepted. The sessions closed at 1 p.m. with the votes of thanks to chairman, secretaries, etc., the sign ing of the minutes, and pronouncing of the benediction. Social Functions. These were much in evidence throughout. In fact Parramatta Methodists seemed bent on entertaining the members of the Synod in 'tip- top ' style. The Misses Neale provided dinner and tea to all members of Synod the first day, a pleasanter and more animated scene could not be imagined than the hostesses and guests on each occasion. Merry laughter, after dinner stories, some apocryphal doubtless, and remi niscences whiled the meal hours away. At the conclusion of the day, Revs. Caldwell, Beale and Lucas were deputed to convey the thanks of the guests to their fair hostesses for their generous hospitality. On the second day ministers and laymen were provided for at the dinner hour by being distributed among the Methodist families around and hospitably entertained. In the evening a welcome tea-meeting was tendered, which was well patronised by Methodists near and far. and a pleasant social hour spent, in which the ministers and laymen ' strange ' to Parramatta were specially made to feel at home with the friends present. This was succeeded by the public meeting in the church, the Chairman presiding. Addresses of welcome were tendered by Messrs. E. K. Bowden and Co-steward, and the Rev. Patterson (President of Ministers' Union), and the following re sponded : — Rev. AV. H. Beale. J. Hopkins, E. King, AV. Glasson, and J. Tarn. Mr. AV. H. McLellanil and Rev. G. O. Cocks entertained the audience with excellently-rendered solos ; while the Rev. AV. Lucas supplied with elocu tionary grace a recitation. A vote of thanks to the ladies was moved by Rev. R. Caldwell, seconded by Mr. J. Stanton, and supported by Mr. F. H. Mashman. The Revs. Price, Taylor, and Penman were present to do honour to the occasion. 