A ROGUE AND HIS '".MONKEY,' " It. is a most cxtraordinary thihng, Ir. 1 S loniane. but the £500 bank-note I put in .to the safe this morning has disappeared." " You don't say so, sir. Decar me, how 1 unfortunate, and how unpleasant for us all. Of course, the keys have never left your posacssion since you locked the note up?" " Never for a moment. Soloumans," said Mr. Richards, the 1Manchestcr lawyer, as he regarded his mean-looking chief clerk with the utmost perplexity from which suspicion 1 was entirely absent. " It is quite beowilder ing. My duplicate set is at home: Besides, I do not see how any thief could get at the safe in the daytime, when we are all busy around it. The lock does not appear to have been tampered with, the contents are un-i disturbed, but the note is gone. ' Pardon me, sir, perhaps you never put it in there at aill Perhaps you will find it in your pocket-book al safe and sound." " Don't'talk foolishness, Solomans." cried his employer crossly. Nevertheless he drew out hiswalilet and ecxamined its contents with t :,great deliberation. He searched all his pockets, and turned out his private desk. t :" Tush!" he exclaimed, "what an ass 1 anoi! Don't I know quite well that I placed it carefully in one of the drawers of the safe, :and nowhere elso e" S'" Umph"' The clerk ran the tip of his penholder through his fluffy hair and looked dreadfully concerned on his employer's "a:coint. " Let's take out the drawer," said hawith an air of inspiration, "and see if the note has slipped behind it.".' This was done, and the interior of the. safe taken to pieces as far as was possible; every nook ard corner of the office was cleared out, but the missing " monkey " - to adopt e the phraseology of "Captain Coeo "--was not to be discovered. - ' " It is a mystery," saidthe solicitor gloom ily, as he sat down exhausted by. his ever tions; " and I would nothave it occur in this o lice for double the money.' a " Of course you have the number of ~the note ?" queried Solomans eagerly. "Just so. Well, we must stop it at once. and-would you like me to call in the police, sir ." ? f: ",Certainly not," returned Iir. Richards Sshearply. - "I do not for an instant :suspect Sany one here.' We must, of course, give in-. fornmation to the authorities. But I do not wish to have any fuss made. It does not do a lawyer any good for his clients to hear that he has been robbed,, or so careless as to \- loose a valuable document." " Well, sir, I shan't feel comfortable dr Shappy till'we find outtwhat has become of it. Why, it is for all tihe world like abit of magic." . , .." It is beyond my comprehension. But get -'on with those costs in the Simnion'ds iattcr I should like him to have the account in to- a Mr. Richards forgot-or perhapsignored t is thoe better word in the connection-the fact that after returning to the office from his"luneh he invariably fell `asleepin his S.chair for a good 20 minutes. It was a mild. form of mania with him to stoutly deny that She ever did anything of the kind; This - practice was, of course, well klnown to Solo' mans, and on the day in question, finding - himself alone in' the office for a few moments lhe had'slade himself possessor of the uncon-. scious' man's keys. 'Liko a flash he opened t..he safe, secured the note, mAide all again secure, . and slipped the bunch back nto the :?,?6oiekt where the attorney alwavys 'cried it. ' ,;?In the privacy of "his' own apartment that mnight Solomans produced the crisp note fromd " where hehad most cunningly hid itabout his t person,. " You're a beauty," said he, as he flat t',tened it out, ' but gold is better looking, and gold you will have to be turned into my "pretty one when the right'timo comes. You I must' go . to the races, for it is only on the r busy course that yon, can be changed with e safety."' He placed it in a small, tightly-fitting tin box. This he wrapped in several turns of I ';oil-skin... The. whole he dropped into a shallow tank, which stood on a ledge just " buthilo'his own window. ' Now, the bobbies can come and search :-hero .till-they-are blind, They will never think of looking into our cistern for a bank. Snote ,"-comlacently mused he, as he made himiself 'fetching '. for his cveningpronm e nade at the Gaiety. :Solomans allowed a hlittie time to' pass before "letting his monkey have a climb for its money," as lhe termed-it. -In the meanwhile he had become confidential with a couple of sporting ,,mechanics who very much preferred to play \- o"bil?domcthing than to work for it. It is a fancy not byany means confined to one class of the social scale. .. Look here," said he one evening to this pair, Swale and Iluggins by names, " if you I '',two like to go to the races to-morrow I can " •put you on to two good things, and if you :ismash a £500 note for me with any of the 1 bookmakers you shall have 50 quid a-piece. .·or bless you! the big bookies don't thinkl anything of charging what they call ' a monkey.' You had best be well togged, you know,and puton a nice free and independent air. Mum's the word, and when you get .the " stuff," hold it firm. The commission delighteil Swale and l:uggins imbibed with new and alarming giisto at the prospect of it. Naturally enough the first bookmaker they attempted to negotiate with wasa notorious welcher. He took the measure of his men atonce. Hlie nrpped otf his chair, joined them, and drew them away from the crowd. " What do you think I am made of ?" demanded he. " Putty, mud, or tea leaves ? If I'd 500 shiners in my kick I should not have been on that perch. Look lhere. Have you any ready ? A couple of quid will take us into the enclosure. Once there i'll put a it on for you with one of thle leviathainsand he'll smash the note for us like a bird." The necessary funds were scraped to gether amongthcm- Once inside, thle weleuher cried, " Ah, there's the rel-hot 'un! I'll do the biz with him." He made a bet of £5 witl this prominient member of Tattersall's ring, and returned to the two workmen with £495 in change, which he handcedl to Swale. Thle three were now landl in glove for the day. The stranger in troduced his new acquaintasmces to his old friends, who showed a robust desire to make very free with theni and their belongings. At last, and just before die final race, they raised a cry of " weielhers " against Swale and luggins, wlo after being stripped and " teemed "-that is, turned on their heads until not a fraction remained about thnem were so cruelly used that it did not seem likely they woulh ever again see lManchester. After a little, however, they did manage to reach home, where Solomans, white with anxiety, was eagerly looking for them, and the produce of " the monkey's climb." The tale they had to tell made him both sick and wrathful. It was in his heart to treat them Sto volley of astonishing adjectives, but he . remembered that, after all, he was in theiri power, and must grin and bear this collapse of althis grand schonemes. " The only thing we can do now is to keep it dark," said he. . Don't, either of you, on any necount. let on th I eenr gave yaou a 'monkey' to change." ' "We sailh 1e arshls eiuingh," uhid Swale sullenly, "but I reckon we have got blows and bruises just in trying to do your hit of business for you, and you'llhave to I keep us going till we are fit for work again.' Solomans remonstrated and raved, all to no purpose. The blackmailing pair went away with a sovereign each for immediate necds, and they promised to soon repeat their calls on himself and his exchequer. The bookmaker who had changed the ill gotten note coon had information that it was stopped, but he had no diflliculty in putting the police on to the welsher from whom he had received it. This worthy, in his turn, told his tale, and the authorities kept him for manny days journeyingabout the highways and slums of LManchester in the hope that he might meet with and identify Swale or Hug gins, or both. Curiously enough, Fate preserved thea! mechanics from being seen by the one in search of them. , Often they were close to one another; twice they were all drinking in the same spirit vaults, and yet never came face to face. Tlhe news that the autloritics were on the truck of his money of course reached Mr. Richards, and he begun to hope that at last the mystery of its disappearance would be cleared. Solomans also heard the tidings and he was thrown into i series of cold sweats. He was in abject terror for his liberty. He dcidedl that there was no course so safe for him as flightl. But he would not go empty-handed. The mere temporary possession of that " monkey "-wlhich he now anathematised with much-increascd vigour-had whetted his greed for more. His avarice was after all keener than his des perhte fear. -He would make one more bril liant coup and then vanish from the legal circles of Manchester and of England for ever. . His ?ather elaborate plans required a few ays to pIerfect, and ihjeias in a state of.the most awftl dread all the time. ,'Ir. Rich irds was in London, and' lIdving the coast clear dolomani, jooking 'is toldus bras s and as innocent as butter,.called on th?kmanager ,of his employer's bank. He'wad well'-known to the gentleman, being really a more fre quent visitor tol:the? establishment than the lawyer himself. He'seplaiied" that~ Mir. Richards was out -of town, mnd'thatitheylitd a settlement for a client on tlie: following morning over some house property, the 'amount reqliuired being £1,500. H hhadjust learned that this client would not be able to arrive with the capital quit? in time..' Fearing some suchi contin gency, Mr. 'Ri?~irds ?efore ,going away had left his life policy and otller securities, with ,full:authorisations:,'for Mr. :Solomans to pledge them .with the bank for the loan of the sum named for a few days. - SThey had done such ;things for lr. Rtich ards before. The documents seemed to be ino erfeet order. With hardly any hesitation the manager told the cFshigtpto hand over to Solomans £1,500. The littleo' cal would much haveliked to have taken it' all is gold,; but he feared such a equest mitight t the final moment excite suspicion and bring him 'once more to grief. Still, he got the bulk i" specice and the rest in notes of £20. Once outside the bhnk--with. his plunder safe his' sangfroid deserted him:: His face broke out into siasiiliand ie coulnd only think 'of eec thing,- aid "t ',as'.hovw to get away quick enough. Hoping'to steady himself . with brandy, he turned into the-first tavern he reached, and there he came upon Swaleand Huggins. ." Hullo! "'cried tielatter, " we was just agoing to give you a reminddr. Why, what's the matter with you? Have you got the fever, or have you seen a ghost? " " Neither. You both tal~e my advice and get out of' Mapnehester as quick as you can. If you stay here you are sure to be recog nised; and there will he trpuble. Go to Lon don-go anywhere. Here's money for you. It'sthe last, and the best you'll ever get from mne" ' To their delight and amazement, he handed them four niotes of £20 eachd."Those are all right,'.' declared he: ' " I have; only just received tlhem over, the bank counter. lIjy namoisWalker," he concluded,hurriedly, " you won't.see me again?- - "Why can't we all three go together? cried' Swale Vwlio sme6t niore money from where the new twenty-poupders had come. - "You must be mad! ":-was' Soloman'a withering: reply,..and, straightway he dis-' appeared frorii the place" . " An unlooked-for matter called Mr. Richards back to Manchester that afternoon, and it also took him to the bank:. A brief conversation with him showed "the manager that. the policy and the other documents on which £1,500 had been advanced were worthless forgeries excellent specimens of the nefarious art, but as securities valueless. There was a greater demand for the plaus ible Mr. Solomans that night than had ever before been the case. All over the country the police.kept a hot and an active look out for hIim. Mr. Huggins received a visit from the same inquiring gentry as lie was rioting in a tripe supper with friends who were not of his own family. Earlier in the evening he had changed one of the twenty-pound notes in a tavern, saying that he had just received the insurance money on his wifo's death. On making -a search at his lodgings a twenty-pound note was found in the chim ney, and as much in loose cash in a drawer. Then Swale was captured, and the welsher identified them as being tie gents wrllo had come to hilu on tie racecourse dlesirous of chlanging " a monkey." Solomanos was arrested just as he wasaboit to step on Ioard an Atlantic liner disguised as an old woman, a character hIis features suited very well. Thie oddest thing perhaps about this queer case is that the little rogue onlly got eighteen months' imprisonment, while Hunggins and ,Swale were sentenced to six and four each respectively. " Quite enough for a blooming moniCkey, too," Solomsans protests to this very day. 