A Beautiful Irish Extract.—Helping a young lady ouC of ft bog. . , , ^'Johnny*" flaked the - teacher,'- "what ! must we do hetore our sins can bft for- _ given?" "Sin/' replied Johnny. ' ?;:Tnpman*--"I hear that you are Ijmlding ; a- new house ?" SnodgraaS—"YeS. Icouldn't , Vary well bfiild an old one, you know:" To Save Trouble,—She (oil Ocean Jlner) —' Ijih'jt Fred going to luncheon?" Her "No, llertold the steward lo prepare- it, , and throw it iovja^oard.'' ; - Teaeher -r- ' Now; Tommy, tell us wjiat J the index finger, is?-' Tommy — "Yes'in; • it's that 'un you lick when you ttim over the pages." .! Alia, G—- (as*ber husband "departs for. a club meeting) —''if you're aiiy later than ^ midnight, I 'slian t speak to you." G "1 hope yoii wofYt, dear." Financially -Related,--1 Willie—"A re you ■ the nearest relative I've got, mamma?" Mother—"Ytis, love; and your pa is iho closest relative you've got." "How vain you are, Elite, looking at yourself in the glass." "Vain, Aunt Emma? Me vain? Why, I don't think my self half as good-looking as 1 really, am." "Do you mean to tell me, Professor,"' said the indignant beauty, ''that I sprang from a monkey?" "Well," he admitted, must have been n very charming mort ice (playfully)—"How old are you. Alias Brown?" She—"I cannot tell a lie. 1 ■" He-^-"Oh if that is the case, I will not take [a mean advantage of you. I withdraw the question." The Butler—"Hand hevery night at the hour of midnight the ghost happears and groans and wrings hits hands. Tourist —"Ah, must have died in liie cucumber season!" In a copy of "Tables of Interest" pre sented by Charles Lamb to a fellow- clerk, he wrote:—"In this book, unlike most others, the farther you progress the more the interest increases." Newly-made Widow.—"Ah. no one can take John's place. I loved liim from the bottom of my heart." Friend (brightly)— "But you know what they say—"There is always room at the top.' " Bobbie — "Were nil the bad men de stroyed by the flood?" A1 other—-"Yes, my son." Bobbie (who has just received a whipping from his father) — "When is there going to be another flood?" "I wonder what that man is so angry at himself about?" said the mosnuito, "During the half - hour I've been flying around his head, lie has done nothing but hilj himself in the jaw every half-minute or so. Uncle Bob—"Did you enjoy your inn across the ocean last summer, Bobby? Bobby—"You bet J did. It was just fine the time when papa and mamma and nurse were sick, and the captain let me help him run the ship." "It is the nature of the child to be want ing to do something," said the enthusiastic kindergarten teacher. "As far as 1 have noticed," raid the mother of six, "it . is the nature of a child lo be wanting to do something c'se." Minister—"Well, Donald, what sort of day is it going to he?" Donald—"Well, sir, I'm not quite sure. You see, you prayed for line weather yesterday, but my rheumatieks tells me it's goin' to rain, so J guess it's a toss up." ifiner—"J don't want the oysters too large, nor too small, nor too fat, and they must not be too salty. They must be cold, and ] want them quiek." Waiter—"You haven't said yet. sir, whether you will have them with or without pearls?" "Indeed, Miss Box, you are the only girl 1 eve?- loved," began the young man, who was trying to propose to the elderly heiress. "I suppose you have had that) sort of thing said to you for the past twenty years, but in this instance " "Sir!" Manager of deportment (severely to choky-"How in it. 'J bompsoji. ymi were away from the office all day on Wednes day last?" "I was ill, sir," was the timid reply. "'Jlj on a wt delay?" thundered the chief, 'joay, what uo .you do on Sundays?" The blushing bridedeet was rehearsing the ceremony about to lake place. "Of course von will give me away, papa?" she said. "I am afraid T have done so, al ready, Caroline," replied the old gentle man nervously. "J told your Herbert lids morning you had a disposition just like your mother's." 'The dilficiilly of obtaining a straight answer from a north country man is illu strated in the experience of an ancient clergyman. In reading the marriage ser vice over a tap Yorkshire Tyke and buxom lass the usual question was put "Wilt thou have this woman, &c.;?" The Tyke grinned, jfibbed his hair, and cried —■"Why, maislcr, didn't J conic o' pur pose?" Many years ago, at (he bar mess of the Oxford circuit, Mr. P., a rising barrister, asking to be helped to guinea-fowl, the junior put. him oft with a plate of roast chicken. On Mr. P.'s noisy remonstrance, Air. Huddles!'*-., Q.<(ailed out, "What's the [natter villi 1'?" "Oh." replied the junior, "he is so greedy of fees that he won't take fowl unless there's a guinea marked upon it." Among the passengers in an omnibns was a little hoy. The omnibus being quite full, be sat op the knee of one of the pas sengers. While on the way something was raid al lout pickpockets, and soon the con versation became general on the subject. The gentleman on whose knee the little boy was seated remarked, "My 1 itit!n fellow, how easy f could pick your pocket." "No you couldn't," he replied^ ''for I've been watelling you all the time." There is ft story of two Irishmen who bought n 1 itfio barrel of whisky in partnership to trade with on the Derby Pay. Tliny agreed that neither should drink without paying. On the way, one drank and paid bis partner 3d. The other then had a glass, and returned the 3d. They kept up this alternately until, when tiny reached the Downs. the whiskv was all gone, and they had honestly paid for every drink, and were bewildered to find that they had only 3d. between them. 'there was n boy brought before a Magistrate, who should rival any lawyer as a cross-examiner when be grows up. Ho and four others were charged with rtone throwing, and he thus cross-examined the policeman:—"How many windows did you say- were broken?"^ "Four." "And how many stones did you find insiue?" "Three." "But bow can you charge five boys with breaking four windows with three, stones?" Given boys, stones, and windows, almost anything might happen, but the query puzzled the policeman, and in consequence the hoys got off. 