An Adventure With Eléphants, j ' Elephant catching has long been practised in 01 northeastern districts (writes Colonel Pollok 1 London "Field"). Themost successful man. W£ Mr. Sanderson, but a good deal of that was du tb the, system Introduced by his predecessor, M: Nuttall, and to his having acted on the advice ( the' late Captain Williamson, to commence open tions in the Garrow country, the old grounds ha-\ lng' been, over-hunted, and also to hiB own> gres energy, and not interfering too much with hi trained mahouts. I accompanied Mr. Nuttall in one of his las hunts-his health was then broken down from rt pea ted attacks of fever, which led, a year or s afterwards, to his death. But he was most an xlcus to do his duty, and, knowing that I too! great interest in everything connected with sporl he asked me to accompany him. I wanted hie then to try the foot of the Garrow hills, but hi arrangements had already been made, and we wen into one of his old beats in the Chittagong dis trict. - To catch elephants months of preparation ari reqii'red. I could not get away as soon as I ex pécted, and it was only a few days before the fina drive took place that 1 joined him. We were no very, successful. In the first keddah only twen ty-seven and In the second only nineteen elephant! were caught, which scarcely paid for the expenses incurred; but no blame could be attached to th< superintendent, for both he and his head sergean' had been, and wore still, ill off and on from mala rial fever. The chief jemadar had died, the sec ond had been killed, whilst the third, who woulc have succeeded, had left the department, and takei sei vice with me some time before; so as the head: of the department were hot properly represented tho operations suffered. -Elephant-catching lt ked dabs has often been described, and, but- for £ curious circumstance which happened, I should noi be now writing this article. The herd we. had sur rounded was a very large one, and after two days constant trouble and watching by day and night the greater part of the animals had been drivel into the re-entering angle of the keddah, wher there was a great disturbance ahead, and the lead ing files halted and showed signs of breaking back Wo found it was caused hy a tiger, who had gol into the stockade and was endeavoring to gel back into the jungle. Mr. Nuttall was aroused from his sick bed, and looking very feeble; took command, and everj available mari and beast was pushed to the fronl to induce the recalcitrant beasts to continue theil flight within the enclosure. They were driver forward one or twice, and rushed back in a panic on hearing the guttural roar of the tiger, who wat just inside the paling in a clump of long grass. 1 went some distance ahead, and climbed up a tree that overlooked the interior, with the view ol slaying Mr. Stripes, but I could not get a glimpse of him. But he must have left his post to try il he could find another exit, and during this Inter val the roaring ceased, and we managed to get twenty-seven adult elephants, five tuskers, two murhnas, fifteen well- grown females, and five three-parts grown youngsters, besides about foui calves, well inside. The brute just then roared agaiu, and the herd inside right about faced, and tho people, fearing that it might escape, - barred the entrance rather prematurely, for some dozen more elephants were then close by, and might have ontered. The men on the look-out endeavored to withdraw the bars, but Just then a succession ol roars caused a fearful panic, and all those not al ready entrapped forced their way back and escap ed. Nuttall had to retire almoBt in an uncon scious state,- and, as I- was a stranger, I had no con trol over the keddah men, and neither my ele phants nor jemadar were with me. Once a herd is entrapped, everything should be kept as quiet as possible. Fires are lit . outside, and men armed with spears and blazing torches stationed outside; while the animals must not be irritated. But that confounded tiger would not be quiet, neither could he escape, so he kept them on the qui vive the whole night. If the captives are left in peace for.a few hours they settle down, and get reconciled to their fate. As soon as it was day break I asked Nuttall if I should go inside on a staunch elephant, and endeavor tb shoot the fe line, but he thought lt was better not to do so; and new that it was daylight, he thought the tiger would find a loophole and escape. Ï was just retiring to my tent to bathe when there was a ereatèr row than ever, and the jemadar begged me to come with him, and he would show me a tree whence I could pot the tiger-because,' if he was allowed to disturb the -herd-much- lon ger, he was sure they would rush at the barred entrance in a body arid escapé. I went at once and took u# my position. I could see a great commotion going on, but could not see, any por tion .of the tiger. The roaring of the beast and the trumpeting of the elephants were incessant; '. the herd were gathered in a cluster, with their tails all but touching the stockade, endeavoring co get away as far as possible from a clump of grass. I was thinking of firing into the grass, when I saw a large tusker rush forward, and «vitb a vigorous kick: with his forefoot he sent a brindled mass flying, and, following up his op ponent quickly, he threw him well into the air. As he fell the tusker got him between his. legs and commenced to play football, kicking the struggling brute forward with his hind legs and back with his fore, and I knew all would soon be over. The tiger's roar degenerated into' half roars, half growls, which were all but overpow ered by the screams of the elephants, who in . chorus created a din which could be heard many miles off, and which were taken up and re-echoed by our tame elephants. This brought poor Nut tall off his sick bed; but the tragedy was all but I finished. The tiger, with a dying effort, got hold j of the elephant's foreleg just above the foot; the pachyderm- gave one prolonged scream, then, shaking off the incubus, spun clear, and with lightning speed' knelt on his opponent, who soon gave up the ghost. The enraged monster lifted him up and threw him towards the herd, who rushed forward, and in a few minutes kicked and trampled the tiger into the dirt, leaving no sem blance of his ever having been the king of beasts. Even after it was evident that there was no life left in their foe, first one elephant and theu ano ther would run forward, and, after administering a kick, quickly retire, giving utterance to his valedictory address. We had double guards over the stockade for two days, and as the imprisoned beasts had had no water and but such fodder as we threw into them, they were greatly subdued, and we-had- no difficulty in tethering them one by one and leading them to a place where there was plenty of water and fodder. As we could not re move the skin of the tiger for nearly three days, it eventually spoilt; but when we got the body of -the "tiger out, it was. wonderful to see what little damage had been- done to the skin, though of , course the body was most offensive. After : being washed and pegged out, no one would have guessed what a violent death the'.beast had met, but the hair peeled.off, and as a trophy the skin was useless. Our second venture ' was. even less successful, ànd quite uneventful.' Poor Nuttall soon after wards: died, exhausted by thirty years* residence in this malarial and pestilential portion of our possessions-but after doing his duty like a man. 