TERRIBLE BURNING ACCI DENT. A Sydney Man Falls on a Hot Steam Pig e in a Bath. His Flesh Adhered to the Pipe Like a Steak, to. a Fryi?g??-pau.. An Awful Sigkt, WHILE in a bath in Pitt-street a Mr. Jarvis had: the misfortune: to slip and fall on the hot-water:pipes, and Ibefore-he could be rescued he was scalded and burnt in'a terrible way. The shock of the burning and the fall.proved to be very disastrous for Mr. Jarvis, and for a number of years after lie was a confirmed invalid, suffering terribly from locouiotor ataxia aind other forms of paralysis. A few months ago, however, reports began to be circulated in the neighbourhood that;Mr. Jarvis was getting round again, and that he had had a most marvellous recovery from this apparently incurable malady. It was.on account of these ru mours that a special roporter from the Sydney ' Worker-' was despatched to get all information regarding same, and one afternoon he made- his way to his house, 45 Crown-lane, -Ultinio. Mr. Thos. -Jarvis was discovere d nursing a two-year-old Baby, and his.face denoted him one of the happiest. men in Sydney *He was'up and about, and- able to-an swer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still, a few marks of a critical illness and a .period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid no more. In reply to the preliminary questions he sait-' You- want to hear all about my case? Well,. I am glad of air op portunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I wasF. ' Bow long were you suffering ?' ' Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago next Christmas I met with an accident ; I was badly scalded while taking a bath. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual- dedel pment of the malady, I was forced to give up my billet at the Globe Island' ' What were the symptoms ?' ' Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. I had no control over my bowels or bladder. and was a nuisance to myself and every one else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neitlicr eat nor sleep. On the 23:'d M I rch I saw a well known doctor, and lie told me that my case was utterly h rpeltss. [However, he .rave me an order to the Director of COaritable Institutions.' ' Did you make use of the order ?' 'No; I came home and went to b d; have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor, in fact I 'cou!d not gtt out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending mo;an id id all he could, 'by opinub-aind -rxi.rpliia pills; -to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. lie caume to the conclusion that I way suflering from locomotor ataxia, or progressivre locomio tor ataxy, a disease of the spinal chord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait and difficulty in co- ordinating vdl untary movements. He told me I might last for ten years, and thit I might- never get the use of my legs. (.Junst then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opjnion is not in fallible.) Weli, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement de scribing the cure effected in tihe ease of another boiler-maker in England, which I readl in the ' Australian Workman,' by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pa!e People. I determined to give the pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was -able- to eat and s!eepas thugh nothing was tlhe matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had had for many a day. It was incred:ble. Y0ou see those crutches there ? They are per fectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got D1. Williams' Pink Pills, but I was too-weak to use them, and now I don't want thlem.' SHe is 100 per cent. better,;' said Mrs. ,larvis', who ha,1 come in antid taken the baby on her knees. ' The Dr.Wiliams' Pink Pills for Pale People have saved his life, and made anothellr man of him.' A friend who called in at this point said that Jarvis loked ten years young er that day than hie did a fortnight pre vious.' ' I can now,' continued Jarvis,' have a cold bath,' and all the feeling has conme back into my -legs. I acribe all the change and benefit to Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. They hiavowsaved my life. I amnin no pain now, whaitever, and feel .hke a-liew man.>- Evervlybdy has- -been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out hemre.' Such is this remarkable history, and it cofirms what is said in :all time chief newspapers of this couutry of the aston ishing cures wrought by Dr. XVilliams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as aniemia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, nervous headache, etc. - Mr. J. S. T. M'Gowen, leader of the N,S.W. Labor Party, was seen by our reporter, and said he hid: known Jarvis from infancy. - He 'also : knew that lie had to give up his work at Glebe Iland abattoirs twelve months ago owing to a nialady whlich he develoae?. ie under to Sydney Hospital,.as his case was pro nounced incurable. Mr. M'Goweu was, therefore, like everyone else who knew the facts, astounded at the recovery of Jarvis. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are obtain able from all leading chemists, or from the Dr.Williams' Medicine Co., Flinders street, Melbourne, who will forward (post paid), on receipt of stamps.or post order one box for 2s. 9d, or half a dozen for 15g. 3d. 