MAGPIE GOSSIP. WHAT ABOUT IT? We hear of- members on a rail, Of Rumpty Raid with wriggling tail, And local men with wondrous wail, But what about our railway ?' Dungowan with a telephone, Niangala standing till alone, Swamp Oak, no longer. Walcha's own, But what about our railway ? The Wool brook folks are striving hard, For Ca.iip Fire business in their yard, And otherwise our ways retard — So what about our railway ? The local mokes we have to goad, With every little tinpot load Along that blessed Walcha Road, So what about the railway? Mr. Wilson, dentist, will visit Wal- cha on the 20th and 21st September, and may be consulted at Mr. Hudson's, Chemist'. .A young man named John Dam m got married at some distance front his lioinfe, His parents were not able to be present at tlui ceremony but were very" pleased to hear that the soil 'hud formed. a 'very- favorable alliance, so. the father sent the following telegram ; " Congratulations "oil your wedding irom tiie whole Datum family." The Rev. J. Hugill being laid up with influenza there will he no service in the English Church on Sunday. A secretary is wanted for the P. and A. Association, Uralla. Salary £35 per annual. A canegrower at Chatsworth Island has had a field of cane cut by tlie Colonial Sugar Company, and it realised the enormous tonnage of over 1 00 tons to the acre. The yield is the liest obtained' oil the Clarence for tlie past 10 years. F. Nuacke has been fined 30s and costs, at Uralla, for illegally selling grog on Sunday. Tramps usually have some pet name for their swags, such as " Matilda," etc. They use to say " Come on Matilda, we. will do another mile or two." Now it is, "Come on George Reid, we must try and make to the next station." A gentleman who died at- Suriiiton recently weighed 35st. It took 18 men to lift the 'enflin, which weighed three-quarters of a ton. Lieutenant Blandin, U.S.N, officer of the watch on board the Maine wheu she blew up in Havana Harbour, lias died insane. He. never thoroughly recovered from the shock of the ex plosion. A simple way to rid tlie house of flies is to pour .a little simple oxynn l — to be had from a chemist. — into n, tumbler. Take an ordinary funnel, or make one of paper, and . place on I, ho glass narrow end downuarils. At true-" ted by the smell, they enter tin- trap in swiimis, and have not the wit or disposition to return. The Board of Heillh has decided to give rewards to inspectors securing vci diets under the Diseased Meat Act. The captain and four of the. crew of the Sea Ghost were massaered at the Solomon Group. Tiie attack was quite unexpected, and llie native crew fought desperately. A telephone office is to be opened at Dungowan. The Unitrd States Government has thrownthe Philippine ports open to the trade of world. The mail coach from Coolah to Gunnidah, via Mull, ally, in attempting cross On key Creek, was washed rlo« u. Two of the horses were drowned, and t.wn mailbags were washed away. Tlie driver, J. , Bowen, narrowly escaped drowning. The clean tip at Rawdon Yale is said to have greatly pleased those interested. A bad case of San Jose scale has been discovered on an apple tree in Arniidale. The Department of Mines and Agriculture has recommended that the tree be cut down and burnt. This is the first case reported in the. district..' 