evvs a; ul •d.Mi.s. Mails for Australian Colonies "ill ele:.e at the Tost Olliee on .Monday uoxi, 111,. ;,U| September, at ID p.m., for transniis-di ai per li.M.S. Oroya. NVc.bi sent, in 1 juniors), e match resulted in ;i draw, the e'el]- •rs lor the Imperials bein;;, C, i and V. Critch (1) whilst, for tile Kanibleis, M. Spalding, (,'. Ilojj'omai and li. Ilutidiinson eacdi scored a. ^oal. • I. d'etlow. Crawford, Murphy, lilake and the 1 Slights put in oood work for the linns, while Cor the Ramblers, r,estei', X. 11 epoiirn, Dra^e and Curie wis showed very ;;ood form. l-'.ni-e.ATioN Dkpaktmkxt A!*i*«>intmkkts. ; s •• ' 1 >el! lee; b'/es ;ipn.iin|.i>,| ;n aut re - ! o 1 !'. ( i r,.e] iviu'd: ( 'eid ral S dm,,' rsi i 'Mr. I >. O. ix:e |(;e, t-ioherl,, > abaNvn! X ' i, Tji.rr.; '.son! 11, ha I i'-ti nie schnid- : i 'of.'l !; M.!,. - I'oothal luati:! t ei die. 1 leereation (: i ay last bt-t,\vee:i tea.m the Inipe'rials and 1, uuide St. John's Literaiiy Socierv.—Oudm' to iuclcment weatlier and other causes, the niueiune of tie.; above Society, set down lor Tuesday ni^ht last, was so badly attended that an adjournment was made till next Tuesday, tlth inst. The business for the forthcoming meeting will be a <lehaie. on. •• U the time, ripe for the federation of the Australian Colonic.';?" Mr. Whit m^ will load m the atlirmative and Mr Lou it wiil t dee in die negative. The coinniitte hope for a full atdenilanee of members and a pleasant evening is anticipated. A ICanowna CArrriiK.-—Great excitenr nt, was caused in Kanowna the otlu-f day owiu;; to the appearance of a monkey in one of the principal stieots. A hue: and cry was at. one,; raised, and the whole of the juvenile population, disreyardini; their various eMIs of dutv, proceeded to chevy the ai;i!o animal as'if their lives dedended on ii.s capture. Ihianess in the town was for some cms-denude, tune completely paralysed, and a feeling of relief spread over the whole eoinmunity when ihe seniiaii was at length rim to ground in tho Union liank. Some discussion subsequently took phtcc as to the advisability ef putting the youths wh > tool; part in the chase on the trail of tlm "Golden Ghost," as it was freely admitted that such wonderful tracking talent should, ou no account be allowed t > run to waste. I'ouTHALi, ri;oTF.sr.—-The local Loothall Association met last, ni^et to consider the protest enUred bv the liuporialrt against tiie awarding of last Saturday's match to the Ramblers. The Imperials based their proles;, 0n the contention that the Ramblers were mveu o"e. er,;d unfairly, thus caii-in^ tin- Imperials to lose I be match. There was a full at tendance of the iticutln-rs of the the Association, Mr \\\\. ,1. (' up 0 presiding. Tiie evidence - f th<: central unrpirC; ami of one of tiie K-ial umpires was taken, The Ramblers' d deleyate^ wished to present other witne s, but. the eii-iinnan ruled ayanist out sider 'd evidc l'dnall v a diivision \va ; t a tli - v f-ir, and a^ain.-t, the noseS belli,-, e,pi d. The chairman then "nvi: his ea.-ti u; vot.> in favour of the Ramblers, d'mcs the position of the two (dubs is unaltcivd, and the Ramblers hold the premiefslun for is:»S. Ihit; I'M, Xativi.S .-—Iwo sei ions ease; a ;-eudt by n-.-.t iv es are reported [•mil e \or'-\\\'e,t. \ I ie!ic v, an ah, i ri , ma 1, -k -d v. ,lh a billet of Wood, a habov.-r. cor. out 'ormma 1) >wu -a near • he liar. The two man closed ami Mi key sei/ed tin; other's thumb between .eel i i and bit the to)) off, leaving the pie, a hanging bv a fle'ead of skin. 1 'or tlii, oil,nice M ickey reeei\\-cd three j 11• >iiLh s hard labor and twelve lashes. From Uoebourne comes the intehigenco that two natives attacked one. of their own fraternity and after attempting to screw his neck", dug a grave and placed him m it, tilling his ears at the same tim-> with sand. The accused received each a month's iuiprisonimeit; with 'd() lashes. I'uc/a: Piking.—The Geraldton PitLs have nearly tinished their course of prizefiring. Corporal Gregg captures lirst prize with a score of (10 points. Sergeant- Instructor Conirio comes second with 5? points and Color-Sergeant Hepburn and Private Smith being third with fit) points. I'or the sucking pig (the award for the lowest score) there was a determined and exciting contest. One marksman scored only six points anl heaving a sigh of satisfaction allow-sd lus thoughts to rove complacently on sucking pig. Lut another shoolist came al mg and, blading cheerfully at earth and sky, contrived to escape with hitting the target four times. lie was thereupon proclaimed proprietor of the sucking pig. He is pleased with his prize aval says he intends to make it scamper round his back yard while he takes living shots at it. lie is of opinion that this sort, of practice is what be wants, for the target, lie solemnly avers, iunms yards every time he lives at it. Pievi-LE Rack.—Quite a large crowd of spectators assembled on the Piecreation Ground yemrday afternoon to ; witness a dmiiie bu-ycle race for a trophy | awarded by -Mr. W. II. James, tobacconist. Pour competitors entered, and the i handicaps which were assigned by Messrs, | lames and Taster, placed the contestants I in the following order:—R. W. Cooper, | scratch; If. Plakely, Soyds.; P. Sukroo, ; 150yds., and G. Lester, 2'25yds. The race resolved itself into a contest between Lester and Sukrco, as Blakely and Cooper dropped out about half way. Eventually Sukroo beat Lester, after a L'ood finish, by about a length. Mr. James' trophy takes the form of a handsome litpieur s .and. AVoutiiy oe AsstsTAXcE. — We note that the lire brigade has formed sinster intentions of attacking the town with a subscription list at an early date, and no doubt the citizens will respond liberally. It ,'astonishcs a new comer to observe the generosity with which the town subscribes annually to the multifarious petition; for aid which beset it. It is this consideration that inspires the Tclc.ijvuhh. with the hope that when it goes stone-broke— say a hundred years hence—and forms itself into a bazaar extraordinary it may obtain a pick or a shovel with which to dig its own grave There lives in Geraldton so rumor says - a tubas subscribed liberally to baza.:'..., Coil- wno certs, vduhs.Ae., for years. Wiiei. hononov/ secretary waits upon h i now be interv iews the caller uii'Oiagii ti V hole, because he is ashamed to exhibit the inside of his bouse, denuded as it is of all furniture and ornaments through past liberality. Jiis eUabhshimmt is reduced now t.o a (aide, a bed. and a chair. It is sa.id that he propose.-, to present the chair to the ne.vt bazaar promoter. Lut as the article is oi im intrinsic value, in: intend-, to impart an historical interest", to it by soaking it for a month in a tub of salt water, i will then prest-ul if as a reiic Loui tiio Muyhill wi'Mli, A (ii-xyi.i: Last] •!:•:.—The M-ar in 0ub!i, can't hold a candle to the hievele road race !'•>].• layin:; men out. A Satu 'day oi two ae;o the Melbourne highways were strewn M'ith the battcrcal boihi s of cvelisis. Tiie story thus told in tin: repoi of the medical officer to the heaeuc of Waeclinen, who wrote : As niedtica.1 oi'fie, a at toe t'.a-inile ehaiujiionsinn on Sa.tiird.av, 1 should like my to be re 'o • lei, and it is that, in -lilies; pevere.l arn ('alt! ,'hou ne roa.t, anU las, ear.,' cart s are continually obstructing th track. Enieha; than a stea-l's Hotel was nuthin hespiLal, Cue ambulaucu men audi nivsch working for about one and a-haif hours, aU.endine- do men seriously injured, f sa,w se.veil men myself, one unconscious fiir half-au-hour, another with a tlisloeat-ion of the left idioulder, and others with i njuries too nunna'ous to mention. 1. say it is askm;; men t > attempt Mueide in a novel manner U> race under l 1 u; conditions as ou Saturday. Wed n threenincteen quaiiersola mile oi the start men fell." Gi.adstont, and Miss AEauik Corvi'i.i.i. —Miss Marie Corelli has «jivcn to a "Strand" contributor an artistic account of her li^ht with the critics. '• They bewail it," she said. But has beaten them all—thut is all of them who are worth heating. "The enemies I leave now aie of so shei,' ;ilu] trumpery a character, and 1 ave so little power to injure me, that it is not worth while draw in;,' .sword against thai /diss Corelli naively told her interviewer ; curious stoiy:—-On two occasions Mr Gladstone called pers. mally, ami withou previous notic'on Miss .M.-u-ie Corelli much to her surprise ; raid while erter taiiimo the volerau sfa.'.esimoi at r- tio.iii tea. durim. winch he ciuversed with her oil the s il'j t ner worn, snuhnei .'OUt ill'l to asA him, m presene. Olle o lv,o friends wh he th a visit. Tiio : •and Old M dan wa-; repeated to is, \Wei', v wo > was present on tmo, ij{ unm " If; ens to See> for myseif the persomalit a' a yo a,n:_; •A Wom oi who could wiite i conra ee-ai i and well, and in Wilte e spms: a, p iwer workim; for l.e, uiiently caienl.ated to swu; tin of ihe people, it is a w, >u have, an 1 i. do not tliia -use it. There is a m i., •m m v air nan which wiil nilhi ma n v. fake 1 care always to a> yoa, r , and nev cr worlc in a hurry. As a Veil , vou are pretty ami ';ood, as a w a s v i s i; Jlis bra-, vmi, Geo :'brave i u;d uue." " Mr. Gf ill iile all 1 animation dunn^ his which lasl.e 1 n su'ly three h jiuo. •I wools tl bless yen, my fieao' child. J ^ ouA'e t a ore-at future before ! > 1,'l't los e 'near' on flic wav, ur, Czwfs i'lmia, People were • ck with astoni^l •nt ye day to Ihe lies/ d/ovh ."in ca ul v ,-nt < f tiie imileu Xo 11,m; i-ai ace.a lied the anno: moist, w hie'n ap; Caini delioooue' Headers. „f eou>-.-, Sir John Forrest tloat a secret lo w, iv oi,. d to be simp luoniea . of lagined at once t have e mtnvc or live mill LOW bsed civil s :ed; ami th about to g C. Pat oil -tadd that piavlu p.-om disarm on ::t. Old have been with eir idol tia -dug ta y will he ncd no doubt, to o'use '-.'e the tre.a that the Czar's pi'ojo t has recci\ the h-mds of the prm ipal I'm,vers, hinehmd is no doubt syiiio tide, but 'ranc; i-n't taking any. I ance ha a distinct lection a cmn cih knocked out not long sin mgund she ix-fu a s to put oil the gloves until she regains those lost niida-'s. Germany for the most part smokes phlegmatically when tiie proposals of Nicholas PL are mentioned, and is evidently disinclined to take Nick of Russia seriously. In the meantime each nation, in its inmost heart, would rejoice to see all Europe disarmed. Lut each mistrusts t'other, and so the gigantic war mcubus must be sustained by all. Verily the inillcilium is not yet come. JunoEs AT SHOWS.—The gentlemen upon whoso shoulders will fall th.e du:v of selecting judges f n- tiio forthcoming show in Geraldton, might we'li hear in mind that two points in connection with judging at shows are being viay debated in both England and the I died States—one the relative merits of the three-judge and single-judge syst.au-';, ami the other the question of supplying judges with catalogues before judgment. The latter is gaming in favor in EngianJ, as recent events have shown. Ou the subject of the number of judges at horse shows, the New York •• Lliderand Driver" lately took a poll of its readers, with tiie result that ot SN0 votes only '2 1 were in s favor of three .judges tiie single-judge votes numbering Sat). There is no doubt s that good judges prefer to act alone. One ef tiie leading sheep judges in Australia d has often declared that lie would n ji a judge in company, and has consistently proved that he sticks to his principle; by refusing to act at any show unless he is solo judge. t P A Ciiance Lost.— Most people, once s said a philosopher, know an opportunity by its back The Central Province must blush to feel how truthfully the aphorism applies to itself. The Province has indeed neglected an opportunity for 1 achieving celebrity such as mav never l again appear. Why did it not extend a 1 welcoming hand to poor L.v.vicv Pees, j when he came forward t) claim its | suffrages R m/icy would have brought ! it fame beyond measure. His recent I exploits in Perth indicate with what original methods he would have advertised the electorate. As plain Mr. Lowland Pees, his achievements bring no renown. Lut had ho been the Ipm. Rowland Pecs, M.L.C., his name and his deeds would have been proclaimed far and v. hie, and ins constituency would have become veritably famous. Tiie episode of the hat, the action in the Perth Local Court, the story of tiie railway ticket, the encounter with Mr. Purnside, and lastly the affair with the Ckuvmont &tatiomna;«ter—all the ;c proceedings indicate J Rowley's groat versain tility and enterprise inventing imposing situations. \\\ uat electorate would not be proud of siic tive '.' Put what strike people with regret H that the i'el'th pea v, .> go, e iio lull ae-si pel mrmah m -a:r being ill, inent pssilioii mm: ,remai The only n -.11- t the erne h Pi invhed t ) i in a police ere, nudity. able is tea suppressed motive s. XI; coon mug the \ Arm v be out on ittnoug] ii her tor a .pined months (iKham.ton 1 uei-;\'si<;o Yii"ia:.\:,i,j.M:s,. A meea ieg , -.f the ! ,iecnscd Yicluallcr.s o; ( eraldi.on was held at the \ ictoria, 'tioha last melit, .Messrs. iilakley, II, U1| U|| Johnston, lii"lis, Joiin, Jones, McAlwev' and Hurt bein^' jiresent. The nicetiii-' was ca.lled for the purpose of discu:;sj||ir t,he. a.d\isahilil v of forming a hicensed Victuallers Association in Geraldton and aCliiiatiny with the Lremantle Asso' fiat i A! r a Ion;,' eonferenco i Wu ; decide, [ e,ot to form an aosne ion. t!iaa;.;h i.'ie meeting exurc-isal its pa'.'ov w",'di tae e'r-vmanth' 1,.\'.A. effoi t : a.i bri a.; about, altera.) ion in t:i (. !.ice:l.-;)!..; A . witil l'cspsct to SuiliUw tradm;-. i: was finally nesdved t'nai tin: reurcseetali\a-s of Geraldton, in both 11 '.'Uses of Larhament, sliould be "written to ami asked to support any clause which proposed to institute limited Sunday tradnm. Goro and War.—A St. Louis (U-S.A.) journal says:—Cuba has overshadowed the LI ondikc and the military rather than the mining camp is en.qa:;iu." public attention This is a set, back to manv schemes bv which boomers would secure the oyster and their victims the emntv shell. The speculator, however, is p'till in lus boots, and promoters have not forgotten the paint pot and the tom-toms. The fact is, however, that the Klondike fever is cooling down to an Alaskan temperature, and the e:;odus of eold hunters from the States is becoming skeletonised.—This halt in the movement may he but temporary, but the pause mac be lontj cu'-hjiIi to explode some fables, and more or less dissipate some insane notions as to ;, r o!d peeping through the snow, and staring at the iisii in tiie streams. A look before a leap may be tiie result of the present suspension of the Kionkvke hysterias. Iaxation Tut: l/iiir.ii'!.\i:s.—. the Phiiitipinc Islands all males o\\-er t.w one vears of n^Q inust nay a. oah-la' eoe.als ei i,' It'll (1! iai's i 01 money, and the womr mus: pay license io still eocoe.nuts trees or nidi;', > i r.e,si hat c dollar; ot our money is taxed. Tiie cur :u never goes up at the theatre urd.es ; ten dudars is 'paid to the Government, and for every act of slaughtering his own animals, clipping bis sheep, or felling his own trees, the Philippine farmer must pay a fee to the Government. There is exacted Government, tribute, for getting married, and for being buried, and at every step and turn nf a man's life the tax collector holds out his hand to him, ami it is not a demand that can be refused. No wonder Spain wishes to keep a possession that yields such a return ; no wonder also thai the last siruy years have developed soveniion le'oellions m tiie Philippines. A l-Y.Ai'.KU. Crime.—A man named las-on, a tobacconist, of George-street, Sydney, in a lit of temporary dementia, yesterday gave himself up to bloody violence in bis own homo Having' some slight misunderstanding with an employee named Mordant, Pisson attacked Mordant di'st with a claw hammer, with which he indicted a serious head wound and th;n with e„ knife. Mordant eventually overcame his infuriated assolaur, am! escaped. Mrs. Pisson c auing in at this juncture was >hoi i.i the waist by h>.r husband. Si.e rushe i downstairs, and one ot Lisson's shopas ds-.a: its went up to investigate. On the top lauding lie found the dead body of Mis.- hilv Gorrick, aged 17, and sister o;' .Mrs. Lis son, lving in a pool of blood, with a, shot wound Ldow the ear a.id had ;do attacked hi; two little boys, aged nine and seven respecti\ely. both boys being unconscious, with terrible wounds showing on their head;. The hoys had apparently been assaulted with the hammer with which Lisson had previously assailed Mordant. Loth children were taken to the Sydney hospital. Pisson, now under arrest, is said to have been a load friend and a good and ahoctiomtf; husband and father. He is of French eat, action, ami is said to have been sx'ejeet, when aroused, to violent tits of rage, which in turn were succeeded by demoi stralive tenderness. In the pnson cell he seemed quite cool and collectctl. 