Literary. PUBLICATIONS RECEIVED. "Windsor Magazine."—Mr. John Arthur Barry, the coming Australian author, figures in the October "Windsor" with a complete story, "A Deal with Spain," in his charac- teristic good style. Mr. Barry shines In nautical stories—ac he •does in those of Ul2 Australian bush also. Mr. Guy Booth-by brings his serial, " Pharos, the Egyptian," to the end of the 17th chapter, which leaves the hero deeper than ever in the tells of the horrlbta being who is the centrepiece of the story. The editor of the " Windsor" evi dently appreciates Australian literature, for we find yet a third story by a colonial writer—Miss Ethel Turner's " Second* Nature." Lieutenant Johateen's account of Nanstn's " Farthest North" expedition cat reached an intensely Interesting point, chapter 16 starting Nan«2n and tha author off on their lonely Journey to And the Pole. The other matter in this number Include* c description of England's largest educational institute, thte Regent-street Polytechnic— which fills the saime place in the mother country that our technical colleges hold here—and an <artlc> en " Nelson's Fcotstopi in -the Two Sicilies." '"Pall Mall Magazine."—The November number shows the ensie artistlo merit as ito predecessors, and the literary portion is aISJ up to the " Pall Mall" standard. Sir "Walter Besant continues to find matter of historical interest for his articles on South London, which have already reached the proportions of a very respectable book. Those who know tho localities dealt with would, we «re sure, welcome a republicatlon of the series in hook form. " Below and On Top," by Edward Dyson (George Robertson and Co.).— A collection of Australian tale*, redolent of the gold fields, well written, and accompanied by striking illustrations. •• pair Girls and Gray Horses : "With Other Versei," by Will. H. Ogllvie (The " Bulletin" Newspaper Company).—Most or these verses have appeared in newspapers In various parts of the colonies. The style of the verses is that to which we are rapiu ly becoming accustomed, .produced by writ er*, of whom Patterson ("The Banjo") stands at the head. Still the Jingle is amus leg, and in one or two instances real pathos is nearly achieved. *'The Book of the Bush," by George Dundardaie (Ward, Lock, and Co.).—" Con taining many truthful sketches of the early colonial life of scatters, whalers, aoiv vkts, diggers, and others who left their native land and never returned." Old colonist* and young alike should read Uua book. To the old it will bring back their trials and adventures as pioneers of civili sation, to the young it will convey some Idea of what the early settlers had to go through, and their wonderful pluck and en durance. In those days law was far off, and in many instance* order did not exist ; men carried their livea in their hands, and were frequently more in dread of outlawed whites than of the treacherous blacks. In addition to the stories being highly inter* ostlng, some of them ere valuable as con* taming statistical and other information serviceable to the historical student. No library of colonial literature would be quite the Bush." " Mistress Nancy Molesworth," by Joseph Hocking (James Bbwden).—Again has Mr. Hocking forsaken the pathway he followed In " All Men Are Liars" and " Fields ot Fair Renown" to give us a stirring tale of adventure in the times of George 11. The plot is simple, and the events exciting— two very desirable points in a novel of in cident. The hero, Roger Trevanton, dis covers, on his father's death, that his lands have been mortgaged to Peter Trevisa for nearly their full value. Instead of staying at home and practlsipg rigid economy until the debt is discharged, he continues to lead the Same life until one morning he finds himself completely in the power of the same Trevisa, who may foreclose at any time. But Peter Trevisa has other ends in view, and the result is a bargain where in Trevanion pledges himself, on condition that he receives back his ancestral home, to rescue Mistress Nancy Molesworth (whom " the Kllllgrews" are keeping prisoner) in order that " young Peter" may' marry her. How he accomplishes that object an<s in so doing falls in love with the lady herself and mixes himself up with an expedition in favour of Charles Stuart, the young Pre tender, we must leave the book to tell. As a taie of adventure, " Mistress Nancy Moles worth" is satisfying. The Interest Is not allowed to flag, and one complication is no sooner straightened out than another be gins. The author still clings to his beloved Cornwall, and the wild rugged scenery is a fitting background for the headlong gallops and fierce encounters with which the book abounds. We venture to say that Mr. Hock ing is at_hls beat in this class of work. His attempts at analytical work were al ways disappointing, but one feels that he can tell a story in which character plays only a minor part, and we hope that Jn future the fascinations of psychology will no long er tempt him from the upright path of story-telling. He ha* It in him to tell of " arlcfi and men" with 'he be?t wo iiave, and it would be a thousand pities were he to hide his light under the proverbial bushel. " The Camp at Wandlnong," by Ethel Turner (Ward, Lock, and Co.). —" Ethel Turner" (for now that the lady ie Mrs. Curlewis, it is permissible to call her by her pen-name, without the formality ot " Miss") has not been long behind her Bister-writer (Louise Mack) in the publica tion of her latest book. To a reader of the two works comparison 1« inevitable, but it would be only fair to both authoress es to leave tbat point out in a review of their work*. Both are children's stories- let it stand at that. " The Camp at VV*n dinong" la a collection of stories, of which the oue that glv&s; its name to the book is much the longest, the remainder having ail appeared within the last year or so in the pages of the " Windsor Magazine" and the " Queenslander." Ethel Turner know 6 her subject—that is the strongest impre&siou; one gets after reading her work. Her children are real live being*, neither hope lessly good cor hopelessly bad. Her books are like patent raedicinea—they should be taken by all, growJi-up and youngsters alike. Parents will in the reading get an Insight iii'to that strange unknown territory, a child's brain ; and children will take heart on discovering that even book chil d Ten ere not co despairingly well brought up as their guardians would have them believe. If for nothing else, though thai is far from being the case, we must wel come Ethel Turner's latest for that exqui sitely pathetic little story, " A Champion In Aukle-strape," a story which brings the reader closer to tears than many others la moro artistic settings. Ethel Turner's pathos te always convincing, and ehe gener ally manages to Invest her stories with it. It is her strong point, and she knows how to make use of It. Not that humour has no part in her stories. " School at Jimbaree" Is a witty sketch of the good- natured care less life led on some stations, written by one who has evidently been there. " The Camp at Wandlnoug" is a book that sho ild have a large circle of readers—it could not be larger than it deserves. " The Seeker," by Mr. Bird (Ward, Lock, and Co.).—A alight sketch of a Chinese ha f caste girl who combines " Occidental Intelli gence and strength of Imagination with ■the grossest Oriental ignorance and super stition." Brought up iin a little inland village, Mala has no one but herself to help her in her conclusions until the arrival of a group of missionaries, who st'r her little half-developed eoul to such an extent that she runs away and joins them. She is brought up with an English education, becomes a fascinatingly pretty girl, and finally marries a young English man. The story can be read In an hour, and, provided no longer time is spent over it, is worth the perusal, if only for the picture it gives us of Chinese manners and customs. To adopt a phrase bo often made use of by Jaded reviewers, It is Just the thing for a railway Journey. "Municipal Development In England," by Mr. Sydney Webb (Angus and Robert son).—This pamphlet 1« a reprint of a lec ture delivered by Mr. Sydney Webb in the Centenary Hall, Sydney, at the request of a few gentlemen in Sydney who are In terested in municipal government. Any thing by Mr. Webb is worth attention, and this sketch of the working of English muni cipalities (more especially the London County Council, of which Mr. Webb is a member) is highly interesting.. It is a pamphlet that should be distributed free to all the " city fathers" of Australia, to enow thorn how a thing should or ahould not be done. " A Sensational Case," by Florence War den (Ward, Lock, and Co.).—The tale is most appropriately named, as the reader's Interest is secured at the outset, and held continuously by a series of startling events. Many of the situations are highly dramatic, but the consistent development of the characters in not by any means sacrificed tc mere sensationalism. The illustrations are well executed and striking. " The Illustrated London News" (Chrtet mo* Number).—Of all the Christmas "Ulus tnateds" which England and America pro drce, almost the only one which cltags to the old style is the "Illustrated London News.' in the Christmas number of this periodical may always toe expected two or three ghost atories, with the old manor hou«e and its secret stairs and panels ao a Betting, and three or four pictures with Sarta Claus, iplum puddings and general good cheer a£ the wbjectt. Thto year's qumber 1* no exception to the rule. Max Peinibertom eupplie* the chief ghost story, A. T. Quiller-Couch hae aq eerie talt of the sacking bf Panama by the buccaneeis and all the pictures give one the impres sion that they have been in before. The anJ?SIS! !s hardly UP to the usual standard. The Golden Penny" (Christmas Num ber) tries to follow in tfc» footsteps of its more aristocratic contemporary, and for so cheap a publication succeeds remarkably well For sixponce one hardly expects stories by such writers as w/lliam Le Quctix, George R. Slme, and Robert Buchan an n^afa^d*" thCre ' aDd tbe *tOrJeS "Pearsl Annual for 1898."—As usual, 'th- Christmas annual of "Pears" consists of bveo££i Bt°^'J >Ut thls tlme « ** not one by Charles Diekena. " Who Fears to iL ea, of '9S" to a ■tlrring tale of the Irish rebellion of 1798 which culminated in Vinegar mn and uhe abortive invasion of tho French which followed. Although »n places the author Is somewhat diffuse and discursive the tale la well told, with a good deal of forceful writing fend a powerful sketch of character. The alight touches of humour which here and 'there lighten the tragedy of the blot are sfcHfully interpo lated, and, on the whole, the story Is well worth reading, If only as giving a picture of the condition of the Iri3h peasantry at the end of the last century, and of the movements of the French under Humbert, when they endeavoured to win Ireland from England, and failed so inexplicably. For that they had a decided advantage on their landing is It historical fact, and that they lacked the means to follow it up Is doubt ful. The three " coloured supplements" and the Illustrations by Mr. Dodd, R.A., are well executed, " The Sunny South" especi ally 'being very warmly coloured. ," The Graphic Christmas Number," on the other hand, devotes its pages to a series of excellent Bhort stories by well-known wrHers. Grant Allen, " Q," H. G. Weils, Flora Ann'le Steel, and Mr. "W. Jacobs have all contributed tales quite superior to the usual run of Christmas stories, " Q" and H. G. Wells, especially, having put somq of their best work into "Captain Dlok and Captain Jacka," aud " Jimmy Goggles- God." Mrs. Steel's contribution brings baok once more Craddock, the man who figures in two or three of her Indian tales. and finally gets killed In Me endcv.vour to clear " the permanent way" -f v.v obstruc t/ton in the s-hape of a fakir. All tho Illus trations, some by men like Reginald Clean er and Frank Brangwyn, are in colourß, and gonerally the number is much above the usual standard of the " Graphic's" Christmas numbers, and that Btand?.rd is « high one. " Pair Mall Magazine."—The Novemoer number of this magazine is chiefly notablo for two very . Interesting articles on Al phonse Daudet, and " Leghorn," an exci'cing account of tuna fishing on the Pacific coast of America, and a daintily-delicate story (the flret of a series) called " The Skirts of Chance," by H. B. Marriott Wateton. C'ut cliffe Hyrie haa used the recent troubleo centred round, Fashc^a as a background for his story cf " The Renegade," which, how ever, is scarcely his best work. The etory, " With All Powder 3 of the Merchant," conies to a raiiher lame conclusion, and the serials and continuous articles are all voH represented.. The Illustrations are, us usual, excellent. 