-hurch Items. ' . There is no Christian country in the world" s.,id t.he iishs:p of Lndon somne three months ago. And when we c?i, sider tihe manl er in which the most out staudling institutlions of Christianity tile Chiristian Sabbath-is treated by hundreds of millions who were baptised 'into the lnre of the Father and of the Son anm, of the Holy Ghost," we sorrowfully cornclIde that Dr. Crei~ghton speaks the plain truth. The Spaniards spend the holy day, or much of it, at bull fights, the French at horse races and . theatres, the Italians at sight seeilg, -and an increasing numuber of British at sports and visiting friends and relatives. These hundlreds of tnil liotis of so-naIled Christians do not seetm to believe our Lord weoul have thel worship in small or large groups to receive His blessing, or that the spirit did descend on those whoi were assembled together in His namne, or that the word of God enjoins people to meet for prayer and edification. The Bishop's outspoken statinent is, sad to say, only too true. Again. when we think of the millions upon millions of money spent on sports while not a twentieth of the amonnt is given for the spread of the glorious gospel. it must be ndmlitted that the haptised myriads are not Christians. They look on betting and gambling as a mere pleasant pastime. Their greed in duces them to invest their money in the manufacture or bale of intoxicating drink, which ruins multitudes. They make haste to get rich by fair or by foul means-they do not care which. Their hatred and malice to each other are patest to all the world. And they des pise the few God fearing souls on earth. It is clear then that the Bishop of . Lon don is net a pessimist. He is a prophet who dares to tell the unrarnlished truth to rich and poor alike.--[CoTRrBUTED.] CHUROIC NOTIOES. PRESBIYTERIAN OHaUROt. Sorwell, It and 7, North Hazelwood,; 2.30. (Morning-Judge on great whit,. Throne. . Evening-Certainty of reception by Jesus.) Rev. A. McDonald. 0111Ui1O0I OF ENGLAND. Itorwell, It and 7 ; Ynnar, 3. Rev. J. H. res in. SWESLEYAN CHURCtH. MIorwell, 11. Mr. West. Drifleld, 2.30. Supply. CATHOLIO OnuRnH. Mass at Traralgon, 9; Morwell, 11, Vesa pars, 7. 