•"* the everlasting ghost. A Fbantom Tlmt Has Maflo Lit tie Pfo^ refis Jn-Thousands of Year*l We are asked to believe in gbosts be- , cause in every age there have been ghost 1 stories. But would it not be more nat ural to suppose that in every age the liu- ( man mind has been subject to aberra tions, and that some specific weakness or irregularity of the mental constitution or of the physical organ, the brain, on wliich all thinking, so far as wo are aware, de pends, has probably given rise to this particular class of hallucinations? We cannot pretend as yet to know the mind thoroughly in health and disease, , but this we do know, that there are thou sands and millions of persons whose lives J axe never intruded on by ghosts and ' who know absolutely nothing of “occult” | phenomena.. According to a reverend ■ gentleman’s figures, only one woman in twelve and one man in ten has bad any J “occult” experiences. Now, what wa should like very much to have would be a further analysis of these figures Bhow ing the percentage of flighty or other wise ill balanced minds among the “oc cult” and the “nonoccult” (if we may so apply the words) classes respectively. Our own experience would lead us to believe that the proportion would be vastly larger in the former class than in, the latter. Who has not known many' examples of the tremulous, nervous, hy persensitive, wonder loving, hysterical or semihysterical type of constitution among the devotees.of ghost lore? And if such examples occur, as we believe they must, to' the mind of every one, is it not at least a probable inference that “occultism’.’ in. its various phases has something'to do with that kind of mind: The ghost may be very ancient, but we do not believe in him the more. The trouble about him is that he has made no progress since the earliest times. In fact, on the whole, he lias fallen back. We should not bo disposed to talk of the “levitation” of Elijah ourselves had not the Eev. Mr. Haweis used the term be fore us. But if, following the reverend gentleman’s lead, we consider the proph et’s alleged translation in that -light, surely it was a most successful feat ii “levitation,” .and a little ahead of any thing the modern world can show. And, speaking generally, the appari tions and visions and other spiritual 01 occult phenomena of ancient times had more “body” to them than those of orn otvn day. If therefore the ghost has. made'no progress in the course of thre< or four thousand years, if he is just a; ubinstructive and inconsequent a phe nomenon now as he was when we firsi encountered him, if not a little more so we may perhaps be pardoned for think ing that he inay be safely and fairly ig nored by people who have an averagi amount of business to attend to.—Pop ular Science Monthly. 