A ROUND TRIP, j \- (BY W. G. WADDIXQTON.) "f . (Continued.) 1 \ On the evening of the third day ont, as we sat at dinner chatting over dessert, word waa passed that' the " Three Kings " were in sight, and we r hurried up oh deck to see the first sign of land since leaving the Australian coast. The sight was disappointing, " for their Majesties were not majestic at all- simply a group of ügly-looking rocks that loomed up threateningyl on the starboard bow a few miles south of our course. They lie a little to the north-west of the extreme northward point of New Zealand, and indicate that our course has at least been sufficiently accurate. To a landsman, this keeping to a true course over a large open expanse of ocean is simply marvellous, and in successive runs, our good old ship has invariably made almost a bee line of 1100 miles due east, and at the end of the third day out or thereabouts, the three solitary old rocks lift themselves gradually above the horizon over the starboard bow, as though they were guiding, posts on the way to New Zealand. It was a bright, clear, windy night as we settled down in our deck chairs to smoke the postprandial cigar and^ to talk of the islands we were nearing. Macalister, the chief officer, was off duty this evening, and he joined our party aft. " Yon are mighty ugly customers to have aboot ye in thick weather," said he, waving his cigar in the direction of the rocks we had just passed. "I mind me. of a trip we had aboot a year syne, and a strong southerly current took us out of our course more than we had bargained for. The weather was thick and heavy- not- what ye would call.a fog, but a sort o' mist or smoky haze that was worse on account o' the. cloudy sky. A strong wind blew from the south'ard^ and wo rolled an' pitched, mon, as if we were hove to." ' :* : " It was my watch, and I reckoned that the 'Three Kings' were aboot two or three miles to the south'ard ; but on account of the haze, I could not make them out." "As I stood on the bridge, the look-out man forrard rang the fo'cslo bell in warning, and shouted out that the rocks were almost in our fairway. We were bearing straight down on to them, not half a-mile distant." " Hard a starboard " I shouted, and we swung round, shipping a couple of tremendous seas in the turn, and gave our friends a wide berth. " It was a close thing I can tell ye." " I suppose they are quite precipi ' tous," said the doctor. " No means of a foothold in caso of a wreck I mean," ho addod. "Not a ghost of a chance,'' said Macalister. "A striking there, and every soul would be lost." " When db we turn south ?" I asked presently. ; . . . , , " In aboot two or three hours from now; we keep well oot ye see, especi- ally at night, for the New Zealand coast is treacherous, and we like to leave a mairgin." The New Zealand coast loomed dimly in the westward horizon later oh that night, as we sat smoking and talking; but we could make out nothing distinctly. The " mairgin," fortunately, was too great. " Have you never been to New Zealand, Maybury," said Stimpson presently to me. "No! lam to see the wonderful New Zealand to-morrow for the first time. I have heard much of it as being very beautiful." " One of the most beautiful spots on the earth's surface," said the doc- tor with conviction. "1 have been over the world pretty well ; but New Zealand, taking it ' by and large,' as the Americans say, is not to be sur- passed. The coast is picturesque and grand, especially the western- coast of the South Island ; while the inland scenery rivals the finest in Europe." "I have something to see then," I -say. . . "You have, indeed," says the doc- tor. " What do you say, Stimpson?" for Stimpson is muttering. . " Oh, yes, beautiful . as you say ; but I think bonny .Scotland, after all, is about the finest country for picturesqueness in my estimation." " You see I am a patriot first ; what is it that Goldsmith or somebody says- . " The patriots boast where'er we roam, His first best; country ever is at home.". "You see," he went on, "I have gone through New Zealand many times, and though I admire it intensely, I always have a" feeling, especially'when I am abroad, that the old land beats them all." < " The feeling is inclined in the opposite direction though," and he laughed, " When I am at home." . " Ye're. home - sick, laddie, that's what it is," said Macalister, thought- fully. "I feel just as ye do many and many a time. Na country is like ye're ain whiles ye are away from it." * "Well, Maybury, you're an Aus- tralian, and we'll take your opinion to- morrow," says the doctor. "There'll be no doubt about its beauty com- pared with Australia." The wind was now right in our faces-a strong head wind blowing fresh and whistling through the cordage of the masts.;. The sails were lightly' furled, and we ran steadily southward, with the hazy coastline showing dimly at ¡intervals on our starboard quarter. And so to bed on* the last night . that we wore to spend on tho good old ship Rotomahana, for we were duo at Auckland the next afternoon. We were up betimes in the morn- ing, and there on our right hand was the rugged coast of the North Island-not two miles away. There was something new looking about the wooded grassy slopes that re- minded me not at all of the Aus tralian coast. The hills, rounded 'and steep, dipped precipitously tb the sea, and made no beach at all. Hardly a foothold was to be seen right down the coast ; and in case of à wreck, there was practically no landing place to be seen. Cruel looking though it was to the mariner's eye, the wooded slopes looked very beautiful to me as I stood that morning gazing, for the first time, at the New Zealand coast. Here and there deep ravines between the hills made perilous fiords, in which the boiling surf ran furiously. ^ " Well, and what do you think of it," said the doctor, as he came up. " Isn't it a beautif ui-looking^coast ? " It is, indeed," I said. "Hut what a cruel coast for anyone attempting to land-there doesn't seem to be a foothold." , " Yes, it is rugged, very rugged ; if I had to be shipwrecked, 1 should choose, if I could, a more inviting coast for the purpose;" " Wo shall be passing very close soon," he conr tinued, through the 'Hen and Chickens.' " And what may the ' Hen and Chickens ' be," I said. " A cluster of small islands. There is ^ a passage about a quarter of a mile wide, perhaps less, which can be negotiated in fine weather. We shall be able to throw a stone ashore almost in the pass." . After breakfast that morning the passengers crowded the decks, watch- ing the cautious passing of the chan- nel. A great rocky islet lay oh our left hand, and on the J right a pinnacle of rock, towered up above the mast- head. The steamer had slowed down during the passage, and the captain was at the wheel. Great masses of black rock frowned down on either hand, while here and there the low woody scrub mantled the steep slopes, and gave a pictur- esque setting to the otherwise sombre looking islands. It was a difficult piece of navigation, and we took about half-an-hour in.threading the dangerous passages. In rough weather it is customary to take the outer course, for the current through the islands runs strong at such times, and there is danger lurk- ing in the sounds. J! It was a lovely day this last one of ours, and as the wind fell off to a gentle breeze, even the sea-sick folk were able to come up on deck and enjoy the scenery. We ran down the coast that day in excellent time, never very far out, and finding at every mile new beau- ties to admire. At last we entered the great Hauraki Gulf, and away in the distance towered the great volcanic peaks that give New Zealand its unique distinction. " The waters of the Gulf, probably from the shallowness, were of the most lovely pale green colour, con- trasting so remarkably with ; the waters along the troter coast. Away in the distance, almost right ahead, the great volcano Rangitoto reared its low and graceful summit, its gradually sloping sides spreading over the vast length of the island on which it stands.- At the distance at which we saw it, the sides seemed as smooth as if they had' been trimmed; but on nearer view they showed scarped, and broken with great blocks of volcanic scoriae, which make its ascent a most diffi- cult and perilous business. On every hand were volcanoes-there was no need to ask what athey were-every- one perfect in its' conical form, and looking in the distance like so many gigantic ant hills beautifully modelled to order. ~ At length we turned to enter the Waitemata Harbour, and had our first sight of Auckland. I cannot hope to give you an impression of the sight that met our eyes as we came for the first time in sight of the beautiful city. To my Australian eyes it was as a glimpse of fairy land. Imagine, if you can, a scattered group of conical hills-volcanoes covered with the most exquisitely beautiful green grass, not Australian grass, but grass of the colour of the trees in a child's " Noah's ark." Grass that looked as if it had just then been fresh painted in honor of the occa- sion. Imagine these strange conical green (vividly green) hills, crowned with "Noah's'ark" trees (pines and firs), and surrounding one of the loveliest harbours that can be imagined. And dotting these hills, and stretching down to tho trans- lucent waters a fair, white-housed city, glinting in the afternoon sun- light-imagine this picture, flashing unexpectedly upon our eyes as we turned westward from Hauraki, and perhaps you will understand my exclamation as I saw it, and maybe, endorse it yourself. " It is Paradise," I said, and I meant it. Everything was BO fresh, so new, so green, so beautiful, that I could imagine nothing more lovely, and Auckland, with its setting of hills and the Waitemata Harbour, stands even now in my mind as the fairest sight I have ever, beheld. As we lie with propeller at rest in the Harbour, drinking in this exqui- site picture, a boat approaches, with a white-hatted official sitting impor- tantly in the stern. It was the Health Officer boarding us to find if we were free of infection. The visit was in the last degree ono of form merely, for the guardian of the public health took no pains to examine the ship, but gave us the latest news of the world. We had been out of the world, you must remember, for four days, and like so many Rip Van Winkles, we must be posted up in the history of the world since last Friday. We did not even know-so completely had we dropped out of the world for those four days-that Cocktail had won tho Caulfield\ Cup* And this startling information the Public Health Officer now gaye us with all the gravity that so important a piece of news required. 