THE LATE MR. HARWOOD. Mr. H. R. Harwood, whose death, at the age of 66, has just been.announced, will be remembered as a comedian of sterling merit and of great versatility. Though he was a native of London, his training for the stage was purely Australian. Throughout his song career his theatrical efforts continued to be associated with this country. In both respects he was like a still greater comic actor, the late G. H. Rogers, to whose friends and admirers it was always a mat ter of astonishment that lie had never thought of ' trying his fortune in England. In Harwood'a case it was-, indeed, to be 'explained by the fact that ere he had reached middle life he had be come one of the joint lessees and .managers of the -leading theatre in Melbourne, and that, in re signing that responsibility, or very shortly after, ^»e temporarily withdrew from the profession and settled in another line here in Sydney, It was in Sydney that lie first, in any regular capacity, ventured to tread the Loar is, i hose of the old Victoria Theatre in Pitt street. It -was during the first visit of G. V. Bro'obe. In a revival of one of the parts of ^.' Henry IV.' Harwood was cast for Ancient Pistol, and played it so well that he won praise from the famous tragedian, ever geaerous in his recognition, of rising talent. In later days, when his methods had become fully developed, Harwood would have tna-;e a,u idfciil Pistol. No one could better suggest bomb&et; giving itself' j portentous and tragic airs. The effect was heightened, by the peculiar solemnity of coun tenance which' he could preserve. However, Pistol remained one of the successes of his eariier time. But ' the ability of which it gave promise displayed itself in a variety of other assumptions. Hara-ood had his share bt' the all-round- work which was expected at the period referred lo from any actor considered as worth his salt. JSTet his special aptitude for -certain lines of comedy and bui-lesque was noticed almost Jroui the beginning. liy tiie ttmt; that ( looke was about to quit Australia iiarwooi had taken a secure position on the Australian stage. He w&b; one of the excellent company got together at. the JlelbourneTheatre Royal by Brooke's success -r, Barry Sullivan. When Sulli van produced iiouiiicauit'a ' Arraa-na-Pcgue,' with' hitusel; as Shaun the Post, Iiarwood made a great hit as Michael Feeney. His brogue would not have exactly passed, muster in any of ther four provinces, bur, birring that defect, his impersonation of the sneaking informer was a memorable one. The grotesqueness wivb. which he invested the character o.'.ly brought its spider-like malignity into stronger relief. Later on, when he became one of thft managers of the ' same theatre, Harwood was to find other good oppottunities in the Borici cault dramas.. His* Mo Davis in ?? Flying Scui' vr. s a roost amusing performance. His highest mark as a burlesque actor was scored, perhaps, ia a Christmas paniornime called 'The Siege of Troy/' in -which he appeared as Cassan dra. It was a piece of acting en the Ime3 of the famous Robsoa, of whom old London playgoers used to say that suddenly, amidst the wiLdest extravagance of travesty, he could put on a tragic manner which, for the moment it lasted, was as startling ao that of Edmund Kean. In Harwood's Cassandra there were, undoubtedly, half tragic echoes . which curiously mingled with the prevailing burlesque note. One of his drollest impersonations was when he made up as a fac-simile of his old manager Barry Sullivan in *? Catching a Con spirator,' a little skit founded on a report that while crossing from Li7erpool to Belfast the tra gedian had beoa arrested in mistake for a Fenian. Not only did be muuage to look like Sullivan's double, bnc to l'air.alully reproduce the very peculiar tone 3 of his voice. There were a few responsible .Shair;.perian parts of the more serious .kind in which Harwood v.as far njore than respectfc'ole— ^tha ghost in ' Hamlet,'* Macduff in the great Scottish tragedy, and tiie physician in tue Same play. l±a sustained the last- mentioned character on one of the celebr.-ited oscasioBs wiiea Madame Eiatorv appealed in the. sleep- waiting scene from 'Macbeth.' To the younger generation of playgoers bere Uarwood was known mostly by his performances in comic opera and in iarcical comeij. How easily in. both lines he held his own against younger aspirants will be admitted by everybody who happens to have a familiar recollection. a-t him in such parts as the Duke m 'La Maseotte' and Uncle Cattermole in *' The Private Secretary,' may be considered as average samples of. There was much, sympathy for Mr. Harwood- when it -was announced that he wi3 among the victims of the bank failures a few years ago. He had, and no doubt with a saddened heart, to endeavor once more to take np the burthen which he thought he tad laid -down for good. The veteran's last appearance in this city was when he fignrad as the clergyman in ' Trilby.' There are not many survivors now left of the capital school of actors to which Mr. Harwood belonged. 