v ' ,11 Squire John; OR, FOR LOVE OF A BONNIE SCOTCH LASSIE. BY ST. GEORGE RATHBORNE, AUTHOR OP "UNDER EGYPTIAN SKIES," "MISS PAULINE OP NEW YORK," &c.; CitAFTER I.— PERHAPS A FOOL'S ERRAND. "Stop — we drop off here," sings out Jack Travers, as he thrusts his head from a carriage that has just passed the j magnificent Scott monument facing Princes street, In the beautiful city of Edinburgh. 1 The Caledonian Jehu draws up to the I kerb and his two passengers alight. In front of them is a picture, excelled no where on earth. Just across the green valley, made into a park, rises the rugged cliff, on top of which is perched the Castle, outlined in the clear, soft moonlight, the scene of many stirring and romantic Incidents la Scottish his tory. It is eleven by the neighboring clocks, and the night one in a recent May. The long twilight has given way about ten to the coming of darkness; but far off over the North Sea rises a battered- looking object, yclept the moon, now on the decline. Jack seems to be a young man; there is nothing at all extraordinary about his appearance, as seen on this moonlit night, only that his quick actions would mark him as a fellow of considerable energy. His companion, on the contrary, pro mises to attract an abundance of atten tion in the streets of Edinburgh, being a Chinaman, who still wears his queue, and insists on dressing, to some extent at least, in his national garb. "Well," says Jack, when the vehicle rolls away from the spot, "here we are. Ah Sin, safely landed in Princes street. Look up yonder, my boy; what -d'ye think of that sight?" Possibly this is the original Ah Sin, of whom the gifted Californian muse has sung; certain it is no other heathen Chinee could ever give points to this identical Mongolian in the "ways that are dark and tricks that are vain." Ah Sin has been through it alL Jack found him in the mines, and the Celestial saved his life in some way, which piece of charity cemented the bonds of friend ship between them, so that they are now inseparable in the character of master and man. Jack could not shake off this human leech if he tried, and he has never dreamed of attempting it, since the other is too useful a henchman. "Eleven o'clock," says Jack, after he has forced Ah Sin to express admiration for the moon-bathed Castle, rearing its massive walls upon the heights beyond the Grass Market. "You see, we have loads of time; twelve was the hour ap pointed — "that witching hour, when churchyards yawn and graves give up their dead.' Let us then saunter along Princes street in the direction of Oalton Hill; and when we come to the north bridge over the railroad we cross to High street, from which we can easily reach our destination, the historic Canongate." If Ah Sin hears, he makes no reply, being accustomed to such soliloquies on the part of the remarkable gentleman, with whose strange fortunes he has for several years been united. In adversity as well as prosperity this simple follower of Confucius has proven as faithful as the needle to the Pole. He knows more of Jack's 1 life than any other person on earth, but secrets re main inviolate in his heathen breast. He walks beside Jack, a trifle to the rear, as though he would not presume. Ah Sin knows his place, and in his eyes this tall young man is a god whom he worships in secret. Now and then Jack speaks — he does all the talking, apparently, but it serves to free his mind, and Ah Sin is like a sponge, always receptive, though ready to give up what he has retained at the slightest wish of the master. A strange tie it is that unites these two. At this hour on a cool May evening there are many people to be seen on the favorite promenade of the northern capi tal. Probably a stranger's eye would be attracted first of all towards the Highland soldiers, seen singly, in groups, or it might be walking in loving com munion with some konnie lassie; fine, stalwart fellows tliey are, decked bravely in the kilt of their clan, and showing the usual bare knees. A couple of picturesque Newhaven fishwives, with huge baskets on their heads, peddling cooked sea-food, per haps monster crabs, pass by, and Jack is bound to give them a second glance, while even the taciturn Ah Sin grins at sight of their bare ankles seen under the short petticoats. Martial music thrills the air; a com pany of boy soldiers wheels into view, and goes marching past, keeping excel lent time. The sound of the drum is no novelty in any city of her Majesty's dominions, since the foremost nation of the world must of necessity rear a race of warriors. Even the children inherit the fever for bearing arms. Jack and Ah Sin have by this time al most reached the Register House build ing, and find quite a crowd lining the pavement as they halt to watch the young Scottish soldiers pass; but, strange to say, few, if any cheers mark their progress— a fact that surprises the American, who understands not the un- V. . demonstrative ways of these canny citi zens of Edingurgh. A few inquiries now, and Jack cuts j across the street in front of the post | office, with Ah Sin running behind. North Bridge opens before them; un- j derneath lie the tracks of the railroad, where engines ate shunting vans and j carriages backward and forward with I tireless rapidity. Then comes High street, leading on the one hand to the castle, and on the other changing into that historic region known as the Canongate. It is a justly celebrated quarter of the old town, and one surrounded by build ings, antique in their design, which have looked down on persons famous in his tory. Along the Canongate nearly an hour before midnight few people are abroad. Jack comes to a pause ere plunging into its reoesses, and surveys the prospect. Wth a full moon overhead this street must present an artistic effect on ac count of the odd gables and balconies and dormer windows of the houses, each so different from its fellows; but just now the shadows play at hide and seek, and the prospect looks anything but al luring to Jack. "I say, Ah Sin, you and I have seen some queer places in company. Look down there; notice the strange effect of the moonlight on the Old Tolbooth and its neighbors — the bars of silver seem like banners waving on the walls. What does the picture remind you most of?" "Me tink it velly much like Chinatown in San FJancisco," responds his com panion, glibly, at which Jack laughs. "Just my idea to p dot. Now, this re markable street may be as safe at this hour of the night as Broadway at noon; but considering the peculiar circumstan ces, there's something a trifle suspicious to me in its being appointed a rendez vous. At any rate, Ah Sin, we will keep on our guard. It isn't often you and I have been caught napping." They advance and enter the sacred precincts of what was, two centuries back, the centre of Edinburgh's aristo cratic homes. If the street were per fectly straight, the eye could follow along it to the domains of Holyrood Palace, the fame of which in song and story has long been familiar to every people on the globe. Whatever mission brings this young American into the Canongate at this weird hour, he seems, at any rate, to be carrying out some well arranged plan. There is nothing in his manner to indi cate that his expedition may be of the Quixotic order, though his almond-eyed retainer would doubtless serve nobly as a modern Sancho Panza. Indeed, such is the faith of poor Ah Sin in the invulnerable abilities of the ex-miner and cowboy that Jack could not possibly originate a preposterous scheme in which the other would not immediately believe with heart and soul. Sauntering slowly on, Jack casts an occasional glance aloft, and presently finds that they are exactly under the great clock suspended in air far up the face of the Old Tolbooth. "We go no further, Ah Sin. This is the camping ground where we are t" cool our heels waiting on the pleasure of — well, some one. If we fail to-night, then to- morrow at the same hour — any night this week will do. By the way, you have the weeds, my dear fellow; oblige me with one. Some time to wait; and tobacco is very soothing, you know." ; The Mongolian squire to this nine teenth- century knight has already whipped out the sacred case containing the precious condensed incense to the gods, and handing one of the weeds to his master, he speedily supplies a light, apparently enjoying the sight of Jack's contentment more than he would the smoking of tine cigar himself. "Peculiar arrangement this," continues the young man; "don't remember ever having met the equal before. Bound to see it through; never known to quit a game as long as I could hold on— eh. Ah Sin? I've passed through something of wild life as a cowboy and ranch-owner, and finally a miner; but the last state that has fallen to my share is perhaps the most singular of all. Don't fancy it— can't believe I have any right to accept; that's why I am here searching for her. Find her yet, if I have to turn old Edin burgh upside down, or follow that rascal over the sea to Havana, whence he came. Heiglio! this is an odd world. What's the time up there? — half -past eleven by the Old Tolbooth clock, and Jack Tra vers that was standing in the Canongate waiting for Fate to toss him a favor. Will I find what I seek? That's an open question; but since this photograph fell into my hands I must confess to an in terest in the hunt second to none in my whole life." Just beyond the stone stairs against which Jack has been carelessly leaning stands a street lamp, and impelled by some strong motive, the young ' man saunters in that direction. From a pocket he takes out a note book, and unfastening the rubber band of this, gently draws out a card photo graph. It bears the stamp of the best photo grapher in Edinburgh. The face is that of a young girl — a charming face, that could hardly be found outside Scottish borders; for the claims of Scotch lassies as queens of beauty have long been re cognised as well founded, and hardly need the inspired pen of a Burns to court the favor of the world's judges. Jack seems to devour the picture with his eyes. "Yes," says Jack, almost savagely, "I believe it with ail my heart. This is my fate — sweet Jessie Cameron; and could I win her heart, gladly would I forego all those wonderful blessings Fortune has of late seen fit to shower on me. And it is to find her I have come to this northern capital, visiting the Canongate like a thief in the night, and courting not only arrest as a prowler, but what is worse, a cold in the head. Some secret influence works against me, I have reason to be lieve; but I'm bound to reach my goal if I have to follow the original of this pic ture half way round the world, and even to that fever-racked gem of the Antilles, Old Cuba. He actually sighs as he carefully re places the picture in its receptacle, and then casts a quick glance round to dis cover if anyone has been a witness to his action. Not a soul appears to be in sight Eave Ah Sin, and that acute Celestial has his back turned towards his young master, as though he would avoid giving him an awkward feeling — wise old Ah Sin, reader of human nature and pupil of the greatest of diplomats, Li Hung Chang. Jack is just about to return to his former place of vigil, where he can rest his broad shoulders against the stone stairs leading above, when a strange thing happens — the most remarkable event in his experience so far as the vagaries of chance are concerned. He hears a sound of wheels, and realises that a vehicle of some sort is advancing from the direction of High street — a vehicle that is being carried at a rapid pace by the animal in the shafts. Perhaps some belated traveller endea voring to catch his train — an experi enced traveller who has bought the cabby body and soul by the promise of an extra shilling if they succeed. They come spinning on at a joyous pace, and naturally Jack has his eye on the vehicle as it approaches, little dreaming how much his fate is bound up in that cab. As though the inmate has become somewhat anxio-us over bis where abouts, a face appears just as they are passing the lamp -post, a face that is so familiar to Jack that its presence here in old Edinburgh almost takes liis breath away. He opens his mouth as if to call out a name; but before it can leave his Hps the strangest part of the whole affair comes to pass. Why it should happen just there in the presence of Jack Travers must be left to those more skilful in solving the problems of Fate. The three sisters spin their threads, and weave them into the warp and woof that go to make up the fabric of human lives with mar vellous skill; and, looking back, we sometimes shudder to contemplate what a change must have come over our for tunes if certain events, upon which our plans have been based, had not oc curred. At all events, one of the wheels of the cab takes a singular notion to proceed on its own account, having secured a divorce from the axle and its running mate. The result naturally is a sudden wreck of the vehicle; the horse takes it upon himself to fling up his heels and might have beaten the cab into matchwood, as the driver sprawled upon the. stones, only that Jack springs out and grasps his bit in a firm hand, effectually quell ing the insurrectionary spirit that had cropped up in the usually sedate animal. CHAPTER II— THE HOUSE WITH THE SEVEN GABLES. The driver has been momentarily over whelmed by the disaster that has come upon him without a second's warning; but he quickly recovers his head, and picking himself up from the street, runs to the assistance of the young man. "I have the beast all right; look you to the passenger — I'm afraid he's been hurt," sings out Jack, whose long famili arity with the broncho of the American prairies during his life as a cowboy has taught hiin many a trick, by means of which the most spirited horse might be held in check. Obediently the Jehu turns towards his dilapidated vehicle. . He finds some dif ficulty in opening the front, which has suffered from the horse's heels or a sud den collision with the pavement; but presently succeeds, and just as Jack is giving the horse over in charge of a po liceman who comes running up, the in mate of the forlorn hansom is assisted out. Fortune has indeed played him a scurvy trick, for he is badly battered, and doubtless believes the case far worse than it will turn out in the end. Jack remembers the glimpse he had of the gentleman's face, and is more than curious to ascertain whether it can be possible he knows this unfortunate traveller. So he bends over him, and discovers he has made no mistake. Howard Spencer!" he exclaims. The man, who has been groaning with pain, and is evidently considerably be wildered by the blows he received, looks at him vacantly, as he mutters: "That was "my name once— heard it somewhere or other. Badly hurt, ain't I? Too plagued mean it comes just when I was about to take a leap into the lap of Fortune. She told me no good could come of it. Say, who are you, anyhow?" —to Jack, who bends over. "Why, Howard, old boy, don't you re member me— Jack Travers?" says the other, cheerily. The man on the pavement breaks out into a laugh— a harsh laugh, that grates on the nerves. "Tell that to the marines. Jack Tra vers! Why, he's dead, and I'm his ghost — take my oath on it. Haunted by the name. What's all this? Blood? Then I'm badly hurt, ain't I? Must go on- promised to be there by twelve. A for tune at stake, you know. Help me up, you fellow. Don't you know a gentle man when you see him? Now show me the house with seven gables at the cor ner. I tell you I must get there, or ail is lost." The man has an amazing amount of pertinacity about him; at any rate, he reels forward, takes three steps, and falls headlong, so that it is only a quick movement on the part of Ah Sin that saves him from crashing to the pave ment. "Badly hurt. I will send for help and have the gentleman taken to a hospital," says a second police officer, who has ar rived. It would be a wise plan," remarks Jack, "for he may have received inter nal injuries. You see he talks as if he's off his head." By this time numerous heads have ap peared at windows along the Canongate, and a small crowd has collected around the broken hansom, which the driver is endeavoring to patch temporarily to gether, so that he may drag it away to the mews where his quarters are lo cated. Jack attempts to question the man, whom he has apparently known at some former period of his adventurous past, hoping to discover where he puts up ; but the other pays no attention, mut tering to himself about his appointment and swearing horribly every time he moves his wrenched or broken arm. Turning to the hansom driver, Trav ers learns that he picked up his fare at the station, the gentleman having come by a delayed train. Quickly, in response to the policeman's call, an ambulance arrives, showing how systematically everything is done in this beautiful city on the Forth. The unfortunate gentleman is lifted into it, and almost before Jack realises the fact, the vehicle vanishes down the street. He turns round; the Jehu is also leav ing the spot, with his horse towing the wrecked hansom; the little crowd dis perses, heads are drawn in from win dows, and almost like magic the Canon gate resumes its normal state of mid night silence. Jack rubs his eyes in bewilderment. "Come, was all this a dream, or did it really happen? That poor fellow had an awful shake-up. Once we were chums, and many times have we slept under the same blanket, until that litle affair down at Santa Fe separated us. I never could forgive Howard his treatment of that b!aek-eyed beauty. What brings him .across my path again, and, of all times, now? Heigho! what o'clock is it up there — eleven-fifty? How the minutes drag! Have I really been asleep and dreaming! Ah Sin, did a vehicle smash to pieces here?" he demands, turning on his faithful follower. "Velly muchee smaehee up," replies the Celestial, with an angelic smile. And a gentleman was hurt?" "Yep, velly sure; he talkee in air," responds Ah Sin, nodding eagerly. "And (they carried him to the hos pital?" "Takee to dead house, allee samee," declares the Mongolian, rather flip pantly; for the heathen Chinee has no heart for any one outside of Jack. "ITm! Well, that settles it; but I'm hardly able to believe it happened even now. Perhaps you dreamed the same thing I did. Where's your proof, Ah Sin? No brokeif hansom, no wounded gentleman, nothing a.t all to show." "How this?" and the man from the East holds a small package aloft. "A packet of letters tied with a string. Where under the sun did you get those, my good man?" "On street — fall from pocket of Howard, allee samee." "The deuce you say. Then why Bult never mind: I'll take charge of them and see tha?.- iv. his property in the morning when I hunt him up at the hospital. At any rate, this Is proof enough I wasn't dreaming. I wish I could be as sure about his raving. My. ghost, eh? Weil, I like that — rather cool, to say the least. Haunted by my name is he? Well, I'm sorry, but I never thought it was so atrocious as that. What eflse did he say about going on? — had an appointment at twelve that he must fulfil. Rather un fortunate, but he seems more in a con dition to keep one in the other world. A fortune at stake, eh? Why, that s something in my own line. Deuced odd we both should have visited the Canon gate at midnight on errands involving the fiMiy lucre! Show him the house with seven gables at the corner. That was where he had the appointment, reckon. Is there such a house near, here? I've a charitable notion to saun ter on a little bit and see. It would, perhaps, be doing a favor if I dropped in and explained to the good folks just why, Howard failed to turn up. "It wasn't his fault, goodness knows. Wheels will sometimes fly off their base, and give an unexpected twist to a man s fortunes. I've had such things happen myself. He said all might be lost unless he got there. That would be a pity ' a few minutes of my time can save the day. . "Howard and I are no longer friends we once were, but I'm . of a philanthropist to do that little thin /T TTello' Two — four — six; yes, forhini- He too. Without f doubt that must be the identical build- Tne be spoke of. Perhaps I may lose my ice of meeting my correspondent to- 2?ht, but even that must not keep Jack SS-ere from his duty. Ah Sin, my boy, do you see that building over yonder- house of seven gahles-the hoimeto which the poor gentleman was driving when his tyre was punctured. Well, I'm going over to sound a tattoo on the 'door and let them know why Howard frils' to show up. You see there are lights— they evidently expect him. A fortune, he said; perhaps some old worthy uncle waiting to make him his heir. Poor uncle! I m 60rry for hxm, knowing the said Howard of old. Now watch me, my boy, and take a lesson. This is the gentleman's rap — not the nostm-m's or the man with a bill. Evidently this same Jack Travers, bachelor, is inclined to be rather a facetious individual, capable of seeing something in life beyond mere exist- elHe gives the knocker several resonant blows? which echo along the quiet street. ' . _ Some one is heard advancing on the other side of the door, and a band fumbles the chain. Evidently the in mates of this queer house with the gables do not put implicit confidence in their neighbors, or else they come from a country where locks are a necessity. Jack somehow or other, at the jingle of the chain, has a flash of remembrance concerning the fortune mentioned by the passenger of the wrecked hansom cab. Then the door opens. The hall-way is dimly lighted, and he can just see the figure of a man before him— a man as striking in his general ap pearance as one would meet in the Quartier Latin of Paris, where art stu dents abound— a man who has long iron- grey hair that falls to his shoulders, a snow-white beard, and who wears the conventional black velvet jacket of an artist. Jack is a little struck by the appear ance of this gentleman, who has swung the door back rather hastily, and is ob serving him with what appears to be a burning gaze, so that for the moment he forgets to speak. During this brief space of time he feels rather than sees the eyes of the other fastened upon him. Nor is the explana tion difficult to seek, if, as he believes, this is the house where Howard had his appointment. He finds his voice. "Pardon me, sir; but were you expect ing some one?" he asks. To his surprise the old gentleman im mediately puts out his hand; his whole demeanor changes, since he no longer frowns and looks suspicious, but smiles; and Jack, not to be outdone in polite ness, meets that palm half way, believ ing he can at least hold his own when it comes to a squeeze, if given his favorite grip. The bells clang out the midnight hour just at this moment, and between the strokes he hears the other say, with what appears to be a foreign accent to his English: "Welcome, welcome, to my house! You keep the appointment barely to the letter; still, as we say in sunny Spain, Mas vale tarde que nunca, which is, Better late than never. I have waited —we all have waited anxiously. Por Dios: you are here. Again I say, with all my heart, welcome on this happy night, Mr Jack Travers — ha, ha! (To be Continued). 