The Catholic World. NOTES AND NEWS INTERESTING TO EVERYONE' IN ALL QUARTERS. Some of 'the American great dailies' make I it a practice to print 'symposiums' of diverg ing beliefs and opinions concerning timely or untimely topics' of general interest. Now and then some eminent Catholic prelate, for instance, is invited to deliver himself upon the subject of theatre-going or card-playing. The following common-sense words of the English Jesuit, Father Vaughan, admirably epitomize Catholic doctrine on both sub jects : — . . ? . ? «* ? ' Some people said : ' But surely a man must not go to a theatre.' No one heard such rubbish spoken from a Catholic pulpit. If a man thought the theatre helped to recreate him, let him go'; but if he found it poisoned the wells and let loose his passions, itr was not recreation, and he must not go. Again, some played at cards. Some people thought there should be no cards used, in their house. Well, let them keep them out. But if others found help, let them use them; but as a recreation, not as a means to lose their fortunes and tempers. They should go nowhere and do nothing which, if they were struck down dead, would meet the frown of Christ.' 1 ? * ? That excellent Catholic lecturer, Henry Austin Adams, recently concluded, in Boston, a course on 'Historical Personages' with a study of Lord Halifax, the ardent promoter of Church Union. To the earnest efforts of this Anglican noble was due the examination by Leo. XIII. of the question of the validity of Anglican ordinations. That the Pope decided against the validity of such orders was naturally a grievous dis ' appointment to Lord Hallifax ; but his manner of accepting the decision throws a white light on the Christian sincerity and humility of tho man. ' Back to our knees !' he cried ; and it is safe to predict that, with such a spirit, his prayers will eventually lead him into that Church about whose orders there is and can be no question— the Church of his forefathers in the days of Merrie England. ? ? ? ? It used to be said of Mr. Froude that his history was full of fiction, but the modern popular novelist must be credited with mak ing good use of fact. Mr. Conan Doyle's new story, ' The Tragedy of the Korosko,' thin as it is, offers an instance. Of thirteen tourists who are attacked by Arabs one is an Irishwoman, with ' kind grey eyes and calm, sweet face, which brought comfort and hope to the whole party.' She was a devout Catholic, and Mr. Doyle adds : 'It is a creed which forms an excellent prop in hours of danger.' Time was when people would tole rate no such digression as this in their fiction, and time is coming when they will have no fiction in their history. ? *? * ?? ? ' The last of the great commanders of the Civil War passed away on the 11th inst., at his home near Los Angeles, Cal. Major , General Roseorans was unquestionably one of the bravest and most efficient of that noble band ; and the record of his brilliant ' campaigns in Tennessee will form a thrilling ohapter in the history, yet to be writte'n, of that memorable conflict. 'Full justioe has not yet been done him 5 and it is not gene rally known that the victories he gained— at a' time when the Union cause seemed most desperate, prevented the triumph of the Confederacy,. ? ? ? ? . After the war he was appointed* Minister to Mexioo, and subsequently became a mem ber of Congress, from California. 1 General Roseorans was a convert to the Church and led a most exemplary Christian life. The conversion of his brother, the beloved Bishop of Columbus, was due, under God, to the zeal and example of tho General, one of whose sons entered the priesthood and en rollod himself in thePaulist community. In 1896 General Rosocrans received the Lretare Medal of the ' University of Notre' Dame, in recognition of his distinguished services and noble-oxample to tho Catholic oitizons of the United States. May he rest in peaoe. . ? ? ? ?, ; ' , ' From distant Zanzibar, in East Afrioa, cornea tho story of a recent funeral that took on all tho characteristic acijunota of a 'veritable triumphal procession,' as it was termed by tho .'English General, Mathows. The deceased was no native potentate or foreign ambassador, no venerable missionary priest, or oven self-saadfloing missionary ' Sister ; but a simple lay-woman, in whom tho whole1 oity — native and Europoan, Arabs, Indians and Nogroos of all kinds — reoognised a true haroino of ahariby. In 1883 Madame Chevalier resided in Paris, at tho Convent of tho Sistora of Adoration. Learning from an African missionary of tho deplorable condition of the poor blaok slaves, who, becoming side or grown infirm, wore abandoned by their masters, aud loft : to die without tho slightest aaro or religious nstruotion, sho immediately resolved to' quit all that made life agreeable and devote herself to these unfortunate Negroes. In March, 1884, she arrived in Zanzibar, and two months later opened the Hospital of Our Lady of Angels. * ? * Although 47 years old, she at once set about learning the native tongue; and succeeded so well that in a few months sho could dispense with an interpreter and hold direct conversation with her patients. She learned also considerable medical know ledge, and for 13 years exercised an aposto late that compelled the admiration of all. Thousands of patients received at her hands the saving waters of baptism, and tens of thousands blessed her for the solace given to their bodily ills. Her death was deplored as a public calamity, and Zanzibar never before witnessed so impressive a funeral service. Twenty thousand mourners at tended the obsequies, and her best panegyric was the exclamation that frequently arose from amidst the sobbing multitude: 'The lady of the poor is dead I' ? » m It is to be hoped that the career of Savonarola will be better understood among non-Catholics as the result of the commem oration this year of the fourth centenary of his martyrdom. The committee of arrange ments includes several cardinals and bishops. Ib is no new experience to find saints and prelates doing houour to the Florentine re former, but appreciation of his work is greater now than ever before. It is generally felt that Savonarola was the best Catholic of his time, though the sectarians have not been backward in claiming him as a fore runner of the 'Reformation.' ? ? , ? 'How,' asks an Italian writer, 'could saints have shown snch deep veneration for a friar if he had been guilty of disobedience toward the Church ? How could it have been allowed at the time that Savonarola should be painted among the theologians in the renowned fresco of Rafaelle in the Vatican, and how could later popes have allowed his portrait to remain there ?' The anti-clerical party attempted to induce Carducci, the author of a 'Hymn to Lucifer,' to deliver an oration on the occasion, hoping to turn it into an anti Catholic demonstration ; but Carducci re plied that the life and death of Savonarola could be treated only by a consistent Catholic. * a * - ' Whore the Pope was born, in the moun tains of Carpineto, they tell the story that before his birth his mother had a presenti ment that she was bearing a Pope in her womb (says a writer in the London 'Sun.') His father, too, prophesied this of him. It is because from his earliest childhood he worshipped the Papacy. The greatness of the pontificate seemed to attract his in corruptible conscience. 1 know no Pope who has had in the same degree as he the conscience of the power of the Holy See, the feeling of the divinity of his office. Sometimes, when dealing with ambassadors, he would olose the interview with these words : ' My conscience as a priest forbids' it;' or else, 'That is unworthy of the Pope.' He has, in consequence, the con viction of the good done under the pro tection of the Papaoy just as he is sure of the aid of the Holy Ghost in the exercise of 1 his dread functions. ., Although the princess of Joinville has been oalled from earth at a ripe old age, so well-filled and beneficent was her life that her death will be felt by a' wide circle' out side her own family. Bhe was one of Queen Victoria's oldest and most intimate friends. Seeing her end approach, she met death with the oalmness and resignation of a true Christian, and died without agony. The Abbe Vincent, of the Church of Philipe de Raule, administered to her the last Sacraments. , '?'.'??? ? ? ? ?» Those around her doath-bed inoluded her sorrow-stricken daughter, the Duohesso de Chartres, the Prince do Joinvillo, the Duo de Ohartres, the Duo de Penthievre, tho Duo de Vend6me, the Oomte and Oomtesse d'Eu, and the Duo d'Alencfon. Tho mortuary ohamber was at onoe transformed into a ohapelle ardente, and during the days that followed two religious of the Congregation of the Compassion, with the -members of tho family, watohod around the body. Tho ? remains of this princess, who had known all the bitterness of exile and 'much family sowow besides, were morning laid in tho family vault at Dreux. Nothing in this world is do good as use fulness. It binds your follow-oreatures to you and you to them ; it tends to tho im provement of your own oharaoter and gives you a real importance in society, rauoh be yond what any artificial station can beatow. — B. O. Brodio. , 