Remember Biddy 1 Why yea, I should rather Ihink I do ! She was with us when we were stationed at Liverpool, und had yo« comfortable lionise in I'rince's-road. She was one of the'fiicest servants I have over had. Besides being a good ooolc, she kept everything in applc-pic order, and <;ot on so well with the other domestics. All, she was a perfect treasure ! It was an ill day for mo when Biddy smiled. Yea, we took Biddy with us when we were trans ferred from Cork. Sho never bothered about night's out or holidavB. If sho got out once a week to early maBS, from which she was always homo in time to prepare eight o'clock breakfast, and once to chapel 011 Sunday, sho was content and nappv. Jim had got his leave, and wis going north for a big shoot at Barnelose, and I had arranged to have painters in to do up the drawing-room during his absence, when Biddy asked if sho could havo a week's holiday to go down to Cork to visit her own people, and attend her eldest brother's wedding at Carngaline. "Sure, mem, if it was to bo after pubting ye about at all it's not for going I would be, but seem' the ma.-tor is to be away, and tliim painters comin' messin' around, so as yo can't have a bit o' daeent company to divert yoursilf, thinks I to meself, " Sure, Biddy, just ax the missus. If it is nob to her mind sho can but refuse for sure.' " 1 was only too pleased that things fitted in so well, an'd so Biddy duly departed for dork, with permission to remain away for ten days. Therefore, imagine my surprise when just that day week, Janet, our tall, prim Scotch table-maid opened the morning room door, and said : " Please, mem, here's Biddy ! " I was surprised to see the ghost of a smile hover around Janet's lips, a most unusun occurrence, as Janet was not given to mirth. There, sure enough, stood Biddy, be decked in a sky-bluu silk gown, a black velvet mantle, bountifully bespangled with gee-gaws, and, crowning all, a bonnet gorgeous to behold, with ribbons the colour of the rainbow and a perfect garden of roses of divers hues, while above them wiggled a bird of paradise. For a moment I gazed in astonishment ; then I said : " Well, Biddy, you are what the Scotch call ' unco' braw ' 1 I hope that you have enjoyed yourself. We did not expect you before Friday. Ib was good of you to come back as soon as you could ! " " 1'laea, mem, I've not come back," said Biddy, hanging her head on one side, and looking very red and rather guilty. " Nob come back 1" I cried, laughing. Why, Biddy, it's a solf-evident fact that you have come back !" i " Ye.u,mem," says Biddy, meekly ; " but. nob to stop, if ye plase." " Why, whatever do you mean, Biddy ? asked I, utterly at a loss. Biddy looked down at the floor, then up at the ceiling, and then down at the floor once more ; twisted a voluminous white muslin pocket handkerchief—much be starched—into u round ball as if she wore making dumplings, then blurted out the astounding information : " Sure, mom, I can't stop wid you, fo rl have tuck a man !" " Took a man 1 Biddy, do .you mean to tell mo you have gone and. goo. married ?" i '! Yes, if yo plase, mem." And Biddy looked prepared to dissolve into tears. , " Biddy," said 1 wrathfully, " I am dis appointed in you I To go and deceive me in this way I . Why did you not honestly tell mo you were getting married ? T could have been looking out for someone to fill your place." : \ " Oh, mem ! I never wont for to decave ye. . No, plase hear me. Suro, I got married uubeknown-liko to me'self." " Nonsense, Biddy ! . You should be ashamed of yourself," said I, angrily. " By all the blessed saints it's the truth I am after tolling ye, mem ! Sure, I never seed Terence O'Malley before I left this houBe last week, as sure as pigs is pigs!" There was no doubting the girl. She was downright in earnest. " Uome, then; sit down and explain matters, Biddy." " Yes, mem, and thank ye kindly." And Biddy mopped her eyes and the whole of her good-humoured countenance, and commenced : ■ ' Sure, fchon, I was just after taking me ticket for Cork, ana some rough, coarse drover-boys were squeezing me out of their road—bad luck to their ill- manners !— when a well-put-on young man afore me, says he, ' Young woman, hero ye are ; slip in and be after gettin'yer ticket, and I'll keep they cattle boys off ye !' Sure, glad was 1 to do as he bid ; and as*l gathered up mo change 1 looks over me shoulder. ' Thank ye kindly,' said I, wid a smile. Sure, could I do less, I axe ye, mem ?" " No -oh, no." " ' Sure, then,' says he, at my back, ' I like your smile,' says he. " So I looks round, and I smiled agin ! " ' Ye be going to Cork,' says he. " ' For sure,' iay3 I. " ' So is meself,' says he. Indeed,'says I. , " ' Ye3 ; then on to Carrigaline,' says he. " ' Indeed V says I. " ' To mo sister's widdin'. She is gettin' one Mat McKeen.' I " ' Never I' says I. " ' For sure,' says ho. " ' Why, ho is me bruddei1,' says I. " ' Never,' says he. " ' Yes !' says I. " ' Shake hands !' says he. " 1 With pleasure,' says I. And suro, now, is not that all about it, mem ? We' was married yexlerday." 