THE SEPTEMBER.. MAGAZINES.. SOME NOTABLE ARTICLES- WOMEN AS AGRICULTURISTS. Under the editorship of Mr. P. W. Bunt ing, a prominent Nonconformist, the "Con temporary Review" devotes so much spnee to seini-rellglous topics as to make it almost a class periodical: A topic of general Inter-.' est ib irumea uy airs. Virginia (Jrawfortl, the lady who was tbe "central" 'figure "In a notorious case a dozen years ago.- She avers that the problem presented" by the thou sands of girls who crowd yearly Into London In pursuit of a means of livelihood cnu.be' solved by training them for. the lighter rural occupations, and gives some valuable facts' as to the success which has. been obtnlnud by wouieu in Belgium in dairy work, poultry, raising, beekeeping, &c.; .Besides gratuitous Instruction to tbe peasantry In dairy farm- lug, the present Belgian Minister of Labor has established agricultural training colleges for women, and at Hevorlo, In Lourain, 730 girls are now being trained at a cost to their parents of £12 a year, with results described nt length. lu England women are uow learning horticulture at Swauley; and at the British Dairy Institute, at the great biscuit towu, Itoadlug, of the 112 students no. fewer than, 02 are women. But Mrs. Crawford would have the ill- remunerated governesses and type writers, who spend an uuuemlc ex istence In populous cities pent, apply their energies to providing the honey, poultry aiid eggs which England now Imports'.," Her' article will suggest Ideas to the. winders of Victorian girls- who, are seekVng"av.eiiues' tot employment. ' ' ANNEXING LEPROSY. . . ' Dr. Buruslde Foster sounds an alarm In the "North American Review" on one pos sible result of the uew American foreign .policy which Is of Interest to us who have learnt that leprosy Is being Introduced into uorthcru Australia, nnd are. disturbed at short intervals by Andlug Its victims In our midst. „ lu 1840 the fell disease . was un known In the Snudwlch Islands, but two Chinese sailors Introduced It In that year, and uow it Is estimated that 10 per cent. ''of the Hawaiian population arc lepers; while thousands have died of the curse' In the lust half century. . Dr. Foster Insists that pre cautions must be taken to stamp out he disease aud to prevent Its dlsseuiinntiou in the United States by the largo uumberfi of passengers who will go to and fro- He sut- gests a department of health uyd the ap pointment of a commission of bacteriologists to study the problem, and wlu for America the glory of striking leprosy front tbe.caleu-. dar of human nAllctions. I'lecn hundred, lepers tire segregated at MolotyU, and probfl ably three times that number.. of infected- persons are at liberty In Hawaii. ! I 4 . POPULAR SUPERSTITIONS. T" , . In the "Century" Dr. Brinton notes the extraordinary recrudescence of interest In palmistry, astrology, sympathetic- magic, hioro-thernpeutlcs and all the farrago, of fifteenth, .century thnumaturgy that Is a marked-feature of. the time,. Sorcery, he says, is.-but -scieuco. soon upside down, and the. nmnzlng.; revelations -of recent science, has, ugaiiiB-inada-jPjJoide-. believe , -that.,-, all, things-Are .possible, oiPniiWHs .renewed. crciiu' illtyrkbenlhi(rkt,tan'ihas seized, and-lils sklVfulJ mixture no.f druthEagitculatlon and - pseudo-" science/finds -plenty- of ready listeners. The writer gives an account of some of the superstitions, - once geueral and now.rc-ap: peurliig, ' as to the existence of ghosts,.: ban shees, elves, gnomes- aud "korrlgans,". -the "fata morgana," the were- wolf or "loup- gnrou," aud the various forms of divination, sorcery aud fortune telling. The article is well Illustrated. ,./ .. THE EXTINCTION- OF ROYAL HOUSES. Under this title the uew editor of the "Arena," the Rev. J. G.- ltldpntb, varies the somewhat Utopian tenor of his review with an historical account of- the dynasties which have , disappeared through exhaustion. . He wishes to infer the moral that proAlgncy Is tbe cause of this dying out, but tries to prove too much;.- The instances are, . however, striking. - To take only Englund and France, the Hues of the- houses of Capet, Tudor, Valols, Stuart and Bourbon have all disap peared for want .of issue, and that of Han over saw. .its last two representatives die childless, , and leave the descent In the fe male line. There. Is .not much fear ot , a dearth of legitimate claimants, to the British tliroue, but iMr- RjjJgitfh,. mighty have strengthened his 'sp+-0' ;est'n9t op'. Jcga 1,1.11 q£er'enye to . the impending ''$S9 > i -/ 1 'u" , ,7i;O.THXTA'J:ES,,lX -PINAFOItES.t I :.«« The, "English Illustrated" also feeds -tbe appetite for personalities about princelings with an.nrtlcle about tho thrones tbnt have been Ailed by children, in connection with tho present troubles of "Alfonso XIV., the boy king, of Spain. In 1S33 the ruler of Greece was IS, the Queen of Portugal .14, Pedro II. of Brazil S and' Isabella II. of Spain only, 3 years old. The two oldest monarchs lu Europe, Veitorla of England aud Frauds Joseph of Austria, succeeded at 18 years of age. Mary Queen of Scots, had a crown to wear at the early age of 8 days, and In the past, when a powerful Regent was t-he best of rulers, kings of 3, 0 and 7 years were plentiful. -But his present unfortunate little Majesty of Spain Is the record holder, for, being a" post-humous child, he was liter ally born. In the purple, aud became the oc cupant of the throne of , Castile and Ara- gon with the Arst breath be drew. . A £10,000 TOY. Messrs.. Haruisworth's venture of , a three penny magazine which should be In nil ro- spects a worthy rival of publication's at quadruple the price was so successful that a demand for 820,000 copies Of tbe Arst Issue delayed the publication 'of the Becond num ber for some weeks. Its most striking ar-' tlele Is an, account of; a toy railway lino constructed for a Mr. Leigh- in a specially built room 00 feet long! The gauge Is 6 Inches, and engines, carriages and trucks, stations, cuttings and tunnels, are all made to scale, and carried out with perfect detail. The engine cost '£320, and the total expense of this .plaything'teached': Ave Agures. ; The owner excuses' an- cxpendlturei which isliould b'c the toXt'fbr'mauy'-a -sermonran ldlej lux-- ury by showing his .' toy occasionally !for charitable purposes. But uo.scIcntlflc\''6r. useful end Is served by the manufacture of this miniature railway system, which origin ated In the whim of Its proprietor. The "Hnrmsworth Magazine" Is beautifully Il lustrated; aud the printing of the pictures has "never been equalled In publications of large circulation requiring .rapid produc tion, -but the letter press throughout is of tbe 'catchpenny order, for which the appe tite In Great Britain appears Insatiable. THE COMPANY MONGER. Mri -Ilooloy, his decline and fall are re sponsible for many pages in this month's reviews. ; Mr. VT. R. Lawson, an able and respected financial journalist, points out In the "National" that the secret of "Indus trial" company promotion lies -In the enor mous capitalisation of profits it renders pos sible. - An" Individual who buys a business would .pay from- three to six times the amount of the annual profits. If these aniouht to £20,000, the promoter allots £3000 to 4 per cent. Interest on £123,000 debentures, £7300 to 5 per cent, on £150,000 preference shares, and the remaining £7300 to 74 per cent, on, £100,000 ordinary shares,, thus 'get ting £373,000 for what a private buyer would give only £120,000 at most. The difference is available for "plunder" and bribery. Tbis difference In tbe case of Dunlops, Bovrlls and Schweppes amounted to £2,500,000 - of money! But the anxiety of the small. In vestor, who Is ait heart a confirmed gambler, provides the willing dupes for the promoting Juggler. ' "Blackwood," In' -'Its 003th Issue,- has subject, tile- writer , ontcrlngTliis unavailing "protest against the stupid 'greeil otthepubUc, which leads lt;to suppose that' proprietors of ircally sound businesses are willing t'Q sell -them, and tlint a great Industrial' concern owes nothing to the experienced vigilance of Its fouuders. Yet all these writers, In -spite of Scriptural assurance that "lu vain Is the net of the fowler spread In tbe sight of any bird" seem convinced that - In a few months another -Hooley -will find In Great Britain plenty- of peop.lc ready to speculate In boom ed .flotations, .In the hope of "getting out at a profit'! before the game is up. It Is. not easy to be sorry for investors who are so Infatuated with the passion for making niohey easily, or to find, when they get bit ten, any more compassionate verdict than "Serve you right." A VALUABLE BEER. Professor Oliver Lodge sets forth In the "National Review" the claims of Lord Itny- lelgh, who inherited his title, to . be .one .of tho most eminent scientists of our "time, though ills name was little known to tbe world beforo bis connection with Professor. Ramsay In the discovery of the new clement, argon. This peer has devoted his life to research, and Is first nmong the living men! "who by natural genius nnd extreme careful-; ness arc, in all probability, right' In- every: statement to .which they commit them-" selves." He has used bis position and for-; tune to secure time for the long consecutive1 thought necessary for comprehensive mas tery of- physical seieuce. His best known,,' but by uo means solitary, achievement was the defined nnd delicate weighing of ultra-! gen, which gave tbe clue to the discovery of argon, not only a new element, but one of an unsuspected series of now - - ele-; meats, and one Of which; every room contains about a hundred weight, and .of which 40 tons-, rest on every acre of the earth's surface. ; Since the death of Helmhoitz, Lord Kny.leigh . has been admitted the world's highest, authority on the' scientific aspects, of sound, , audi lie has ; done . immense- - service.:. - In- ,.cheiul- cul physics, optics, dydrodynauilcs, electric and magnetic problems, .. aud lias made Importnut advances' , on our knowledge of capillarity, viscosity, elasticity, theory of gases, flow of liquids and sueli subjects, bringing to them consum mate iiiuthcinatlcal power, great versatility of thought and extraordinary cxperlmeutnl skill. One such peer may be considered a set off against a good many of tbe worthless members of what the polite Lord Chester field : called "that home for Incurables, the Hoiise of Lords." . ' A MAD KING. In "Harper's" Is given an account of the eccentricities .and. extravagances. 'of. Louis II. of Bavnrin, who seemed, when be ns- ccuded the .throne lu 1SG4, the most enviable of men, and la 1SS0 drowned himself and ,ii!s faithful body physician in the lake of ; Sternberg. - His mania wns to hide himself from' his subjects In a series of uiagnlfleeut palaces which he built at an outlay that nearly made his State bankrupt. At that .of LIndcrbof Is a "blue grotto," which Is one of the wouders of tho world. Into the blue lake a waterfall comes roaring down out ;$f the darkness in a rain of color. A forest jOf.'stnlactltes 'rises all round;- on the lake Is a splendid bnrgo drawn by swans, nnd In tills, tbe .king, dressed ns Lohengrin, would sit and sail. At Ncuschwnnsteln," Louis erected, when under the magic power of "Wagner's operas, an old Gcrinhn. castle on n mountain peak' soaring a thousand feet above the plain. It Is decorated throughout with Illustrations of old Teutonic legend, and cost a fabulous sum. - The last of the .'royal -maniac's crazes was. the erection' ;ot 'another- fairy palace at Ohicmseo, between -Munich and Salzburg, upon an. island. This is the richest building In tlib world; and- be side It the Winter Palace at St. Petersburg aud Sans Soucl at Potsdam are shabby uud 'commonplace. Tbe golden bedchamber cost a. quarter of a million sterling. Tbe ball of ..mirrors is lit: with 2500 caudles. The king never approached -the pnlace except at in Id-- night on 20th . September, unattended save by ne groom. . The sums spent on tt would have completed the ruin of bis country had he uot been put under medtcul restraint br ills long-suffering subjects. 