"A MODERN ROMANCE." CHAPTER XXI. Altroirr walked to and fro for somo minute In Ueno. Foo did not attempt to apeak — besides, aha preferred to let him toll everything oa it appeared beat to him. After a while he renamed— ' Diok wo foriona with me over that quarrel. I remember he rated me for hours after all the other had gone ; he told mo I waa aomething me than an ordinary fool, and that, if I not repent my ahare of that night's work, be would ' be content. to write himself down an ass for the rest of hia life. Of eoarse, by my open dofenco of thia woman, I bad auooeded in creating the very Impression about her I had wished to destroy. I waa— ao I heard through Dick — regarded everywhere as Misa Littleton's chosen champion. Our names were linked together irrevocably. Dick's one idea was to get me out of London, out of England, as quiokly as possible ; but, before he could manage it, some thing happened— something that proved to the uttermost hia wisdom and my folly. Tho woman whom I had defended so rathlv came to me, Feo.' He stopped in hia walk. 'How right my instinct had been against closer acquaintance with her. Sho had not spokon 'ono word before I realised that my infatuation had beau a madness — a wild preposterous dream —that she had neither beauty, mind, nor heart — that all the hard sharp things I had hoard of her wore, alas, only too true. Tou will not want me to toll you all that passed. It was, I bflllflTB. a varv ofdlnarv onrfc of iflann but it was now to me— it bewildered me ; it made mo ntterly wretched. The only cloar thing to me in the matter waa that 1 had apparently done her a great injury. For that wrong I offered her the. only reparation that seomod to me possiblo. I proposed to make her my wife Feo.' He sat down again in the chair oloso boside his cousin. ' I could never tell you how miserably unhappy I was just then. She was no longer in my eyes what she had been, there was no longer any beauty about her; but she was a woman, and she waa, or, I know now, ahe protended toi. be in great trouble — trouble that ignorant folly had brought upon her. The vulgarity, the odiuusnesa of the whole business never oame to me in that moment. I w.-_s excited almost feverish. Dick's anger of tho night before had left me in the very mood to be worked npon ; his opposition to what 1 intended to.', do roused me to a sort of reokless defiance. 1 was worse than obstinate. I was driven into a corner, as it were ; bo, against tho whole natural urging and sentiment of my heart, my 'own common-sense, against all that was Surest and best in me, I spoke the words that ave rained my life. The moment they wore ipoken, Feo,' he aaid hoarsely, ' I recongnised the fnll extent of my madness. 1 saw the look of triumph in her eyes ; I shrank from her. Bnt the awakening oame too late. I bad asked her to be my wife ; as a man of honour I could not,uhdo what I had done.' There was another pauso. Rising suddenly, he moved across the room and atood by the open window, through which the fresh, cold, dew-laden morning air camo softly. Dawo had broken, the sun had risen, and tho groan of tho trees waa turned almost to a golden tono as the sunlight bnrst through the gray of tho floating summer night. Tho gardens and grounds were beautiful to look upon in this hour of earliest day. Feo still sat in silence ; but in her heart then was a tumult — fiercest pain and fiercest anger mingled with the softer feelings of a woman's grief. ' Oh, my dear — my dear.' she ssid to herself brokenly. ' My dear, generous, true- hearted boy.' She could have taken Antony in her arms and wept over him as he uttered the simplo word of his honest simple mind, as he opoko of the straightforward dealings that had brought about his undoing so completely. Sho watohed huh' aa tie left the window and began pacing to and fro in silence ; then she spoke gently — 'Goon, dearest,' she said ; 'let me know whit followed.' r Antony glanced at her as ahe spoke. ' Feo, you ought to be in bed,' he exolaimod tenderly. ' If Gregory oould seo yon aa you are now— ao white and so unhappy — he would be furious with me.' 'I. am. not afraid of Gregory's angor,' Feo said ; then, with the yearning that had boen with her all night but waa now intensified — ' But, oh, how I wish he were here now. How I wish you had gone to Gregory when all this business to<<k place, Tony. He is so wise, so just ; ho would never have counselled you to do anything but what waa absolutely right.' 'I had Dick,' Antony answerod. 'And in those days at least there was no person who was so jast, so wise in my eyes ss Dick. Not even Gregory could have be more vehemently against the marrisga ; and yet, you seo, I would not take even Dick? advice, Feo.' Lady Feo rose and went, as ho had done, to the window. She could hardly see the glory of the coming day because of her tears, ' Because ho never intended that you ahould take it, Tony,' aho aaid huskily, passionately. ' Oh, it is all pretty cloar to me the sort of part Mr. Seville played in thia matter of your marriage. Tony dearest, yon must forgivo mo if I speak bitterly. I feel — I don't know how I do fael,' Feo aaid in a whisper. I soem dazed by all yon have told mo. I seom to see, to touoh real definite wiekedneas for tho first time In my life.' She bent forward and leaned for a momont ont of the window ; it was to her to fill her lungs with elear fresh pure air. She had half expected that Antony would make aomo oager protest against tho accusation embodied in her hut words, bnt ho made none. He waa standing by the tall white fireplace, hia elbow on tho mantelpiece, hia face bowed on his arm. Hia silence, hia whole attitude waa eloquent of a sorrow tee deep for words. Feo a tears came in Diinoing force now ; aho knew— bnt only dimly, for save Tony himself no, one . could know the depth of his trust ing love for hia' big brother '—that the awaken ing she hod somehow always expootod had come at last, and that Richard Ssvillo's long undis puted sovereignty in Antony's affection and reverent esteem waa ended for ever. Sho had no sense of rejoicing at thia fact Antony's terrible grief wss only too clear to her loving heart. She brushed the tears from her eyes and went acroas to him, touohing him gently. Do yon feel equal to tell me any moro, dearest V ahe asked. ' Don't if you would rather not. I am not enrions, Tony darling ; bnt I want to know all, because I wish to see whether 1 She paused. Antony raised his pale worn face. 'There is very little moro to tell,' ho aaid. 'Diok, failing to turn me from my determina tion to marry her, pleaded that 1 should take at least a montn in wnicn to runout. x let mm nogotiate everything. I fait assured tho woman would not forego one iota of her rights ; sho had worked to become my wife, the sharer of my title and my fortune— she did not intend to bo abytbiog less. What passed betweon Diok and herself I cannot tell you. Let it suffice to say that wo loft England for America, and that she must have started at tho very same timo, for, when wo arrived in New York, she was thero already. It waa no longer a question of time or delay for reflection, and our marriago took place within three days after I set foot in America.' ' Mr. Saville still opposed your fully ?' Lady Feo queried; and, as Antony nodded his head, she gave a sharp sigh. ' Did- did she travel with yon afterwards 1' she ssked. Sir Antony again nodded his head. ' We were together for a fortnight,' ho said ; 'after that' — he paused — 'we separated by mntual consent.' LadylFeo'a delicate brows were knit. ' Yon left her in New York 1 Was it at her own request, Tonyl' ' Yea,' ho answered simply. 8ho preferred to remain in Amerioa rather than retnrn to England 1' There woe an accent of inoredulity in Lady Feo'a voico. I ' She agreed to romain only on payment of a certain yearly aum of money,' Antony said in reply- . ' Why did you want hor to romain in Amerioa f waa Lady Feo's next quory. ' I made no stipulation whatsoovor. I loft all to Dick,' he aaid. ' For myself I did not oaro what happened, oxoept' — ho paused— ' oxcopt that I might not bo forced to live with hor, Foo, that waa all, I suppose I shirked my duty ; but ' —ho drew a deep breath — 1 but, had Iromained with her, I boliove, I know 1 should not have been alive to toll you what 1 am tolling you now.' Lady Feo looked up at him. ' Yon agroed, then, to buy hor silence by means of a largo sum of monoy V eho said quietly. Antony's face flushed. ' I had no definite thought of what I wantod or did not just then, Feo, ho said huskily. ' I waa no longer a sane man. Tho whclo of tho business scorned to have set my brain on firo. I toll yon I was within an aoo of putting an end to my lifo. Why Diok did not lot mo do so I don't understand. Now that all is claar to mo, now that I see tho trno meaning of his friend ship, I see how false all hia oaro and diatroea about mo was.' Lady Feodora put hor head upon his shoulder with a si eh. ' Oh, Tony— my donr, my only brother — it makes me cold when I look back and roaliso what a life you must have led in tho hands of such an enemy, Tony, this m m has liated you with the subtle ounning hnte of a madinau. I don't know anything dofinitoly— I have no proofs to go upon — but I am convinced that, if you will mako Gregory acquainted with every thing, you will find that the onus of your unfortunato position now lies at Richard Seville's door. Don't question mo as to why I know ho has hated you, Tony — only acoopt tho fact of that hate as a terriblo certainty. Thero is more in this affair than a poor littlo brain liko mine and a simple straightforward nature liko yours can fathom or understand all at once. The matter must be thoroughly invostigatad. Thero is so much that wants clearing up — so mueh that is in itself contradictory. If you havo left everything to Savillo, as you Bay ' ' How could I do otherwise V Tony broko in hoarsely. ' Yes — I have loft everything to him — everything, Feo. I havo novor questioned, nover inteferod ; I accepted all ho said as being final, unaltorablo. Even when the fever of exoitemont went from mo and I saw moro clearly — even when I longed to be frank with all tho world, with you, with dear aunt Bertha, with — — ' Ho paused, thon vent on, ' I agreed to hia proposals, assonted always to what ho doomed neaossary. Now and then ho told mo some now story of tho woman's demands. I lot him do all that ho said was advisable. I have boen such a fool — suoh an awful fool, Feo.' 1 You have boun an nngol, you mean,' Feo cried — and hor tears woro perilously noar again. Sho took both his hands. ' Tony, you know what you have to do now. You must go to Grogory as fast as you can and tell him every thing just an you havo told mo. I shall not bo in tho least surprised if my Groggory does not carry you off to Amsrica and begin to investigate matters there immediately. With all duo respect to Mr. Saville, I may ho allowed to duubt the wisdom of all ho his done. I am cortain Gregory will advise you to tnke everything into your own hdnds nuw and dispeuso in future with out Mr. Seville's clever assistance. It is common with mo, as you know,' Lady Feo confoeaed frankly, 'to fly to hasty conclusions, so perhaps I may bo wrong in imagining that thoro may bo a way out of this horrible tangle for you, Tony All the same,' Feo raid definitely, ' I can't help it. I do feel as if there mUBt be some way of escape for youlfrom such an awful murringo ns you have contracted, and, if my Grogory dues not find that way, I shall not—' Antony stopped her suddenly. ' Don't, Feo,' ho said hoarsely — ' don't. If — if you fill ma with suoh thoughts, with this suggestion of hopo, you will mako mo mad again. You don't know what I am suffering now. Ton don't know tho agony I havo under gone this night. I must not hopo, Feo, for thero ib no hope, dear — I know that only too well. Sho is my wifo — nothing con alter that fact— and— and my heart is broken, I think.' Antouy moved quickly away from her in his agitation and wont to tho window again. As Lady Feo had dono, he loaned aguinst tho open casement, and for a moment let the sweat murning air enmo to hia parched lips, his aching oyos. Feo Btood and watched him in silonco ; then aho spoke in a whisper. ' There— thero is moro to toll, Tony — thoro is some ono olsn in your hoartl' she said. Sir Antony was silent for a fow moments ; then ho turned and camo back to her slowly. 'Havo you novor guossed my secret l' lie stkod ; then, as thoir eyes met — ' I love Eliza beth,' he ssid simply. Feo gsvo a littlo ory ; sho could not epoak for a timo. ' Oh,' sho oxclaimod, as wordB camo to hor all at once — ' oh, what an idiot. No, Tony— not you — I mean myself. Oh, what a donso incon ceivable idiot.' Sho looked at him eagerly, clinging to him with both hands. 'You really lovo my dear awoot Elizabeth V she said. ' But of course you do,' Bho oriod tho noxt mnmont. ' How could you help yoursolf? Andshu) Oh, my poor Tony, how well I understand every- thing now. How brave you havo boon battling with ovorything all by yourself. And you must have loathed me. How you must havo wished mo at Jericho,' Foo cried solf-ropronchfully, 1 when I have done nothing but try to throw aome stupid girl in your way. Elizn- oatn. w ny, or courso you wouia lovo Elizabeth — the dearest, swooteat, loveliest girl in all the world. And that is why she went away to-night looking like death. Oh, my heart aohes for you both. Tony ' — with a sudden chauga of msntior — 1 you must run up to town at once. Go straight to my house - Grogory novor loaves for tho City before half-past nine. Look— it is nearly five o'elock now. There must bo a work- man's train or somothing from Stonobury at six. I will toll yon what I will do. I will have my bath, dress, and come to tho station with you. Don't eay ' No,' because I mean to do it. 1 cannot accompany you to Loudon— there is that horrid garden-party to-day, you know ; snd, besides, you won't want mo ; you will bo ablo to talk better to Grogory if I am out of tho way. Don't bothor about your bag,' Lady Foo con tinued. She rovullod in thia now oxcitamont — it relieved her strained nervos. 1 You lmvo heaps of elothes in your rooms in town ; and, if yuu want uuyuimg, vjrugury will give It vO yOU. What are you saying 1 I ought to go to bud ? Why, I ahould simply go mad if I went and shut myself up in my room now,' she declared in hor old brisk fashion. ' Giro mo half an hour, Tony. Thon wo will slip down-stairs togethor. Tho walk through tho grounds thia lovely morn ing will bo heavonly. Wo can talk over every thing as we go ; and, whun I gut back, I Bhall havo ' Pootlos ' to attend to. I shall be only half an hour, Tony dour.' Feo repeated ; and, kiosiug him softly again and again, she stolo in noiseless exoitomeut out of the roam, while Antony wont back to thu window and stood looking with yearning oyos across tho trees towards Elizabeth's prosont home. Tho hour of his greatust troublo had como to Antony ; yet, full and comploto as his enomy's work had seomod to bo, it was robbed of its bitterst pang by the knowledge of Elizabeth's pure trusting lovo. Even though they might nover meet aguiu, oven though they might bo divided for evor by a gulf that could not ba bridged, the memory of her Bwoot words, of her faith in his honour, would romain with him always, and give him hopo and strength to moot the broken life that lay boioro him. j chapter XXII. | About half an hour later Lady Feodoro and Sir Antony crept down tho staire, lot thamsalvoB I out of tho house, and walkoJ under the trees I over tho dow- spungled gross towards the high- road and the littlo railway-station. Feodora : Latimar buried many a clieriaod hopo and Hroam j for hor bolovod cousin's future lifo and happiness I as thoy walked swiftly under tho oanopy of J green loavos, talking oarnoBtly as thoy wont. Sho hnd not known of what sterling stuff hor courago was made till that moment. Hor dauntless spirit, hor determination to comfort him, hor eager desire to Gnd hopo where, alas, she feared thoro was no hopo, had its beneficial effect upon Antony. HiB doraennour gradually brightened. Ho partod from hor whon thoy reached tho high-road. ' I shall not lot yon como any farther, Foo, ho snid firmly. ' You havo no idea what a littlo ghost-like oroaturo you aro. Indeed you will be ill, dear, if you don't got somo rost. Just think of what you havo gono through InBt night, and what you have to do to-day. Toploaso mo, Feo, go and lio down. Dou't go to your own room ; go to ' PoolleB ' — sho will do you good, Heaven bloss hor. Why, tho very mention of her nnmo makes you look quite different.' Foo gavo a tired little laugh. 1 Yea — I will go to ' Pootlos,' ' sho pnsworod, ' my baby always does mo good, somehow ; ana, now that I seo you are on tho road to Grogory, half troublo sooma to havo loft me. _ Promise, Tony, to let mo hear from you somo time to-day, and promise also thnt you will not loavo England without seeing mo before you go — promise.' I J promise,' said Antony, not very atoadily. The goodness of this loving woman was immeasurably sweet to him. Surely, ho said to himself, tho world could novor bo uttorly dark to him whon ho livod, us ho did livo, io tho hearts of three such women as Eliz.both and Foo and his donr old ' mammy Bertha ' 1 Ho held his cousin's hand far a long time in parting ; his eyes expressed a hundred things that hii lips could not uttor. Feo nodded hvr head in answer to his unspokan wishes. I I shall go over early after breakfast. You shall always havo nows of hor through mo, darling,' Lady Feo aaid softly. Sho kept all anxiety out of hor voico as she spoko of Eliza beth, though hor heart was heavy with grief oyer the girl ; and sho sent him from hor finally with nur own sunny sinno nuu u pruujr uuuuuiuuo mossago for hor husband. ' i am euro Grogory has got into mischief,' she cried. ' Flo always does when i am awny. Now good-byo, Tony. And don't forget— before you do anything, you aro to eat a big broukfust with Grogory — thnt is imperative.' Tho smila left Feo's face when alio was alone, eho retraced hor stops woarily enough through tho grounds. Her hoart was hoavy with more than griof ; thoro was fear, too — fear oi what might happon when thoso two men met again — fear not so much of what Antony would do, but of tho further evil his ouoiny would work. Antony's mnrringo — and such a marriage, — was nothing less than a trngody to Fuodorownn Latimar. Now that sho was by herself, all her dosire to shod a brighter light upon tho young man's future, went from her utterly. Shu had sustained horsolf marvellously wall up to that momont. It was no wonder thnt from fntieue of mind nnd body sho progressed slowly on her wny back to the house. Ill nnd weary ns sho felt however, sho shrank from tho idoa of soli tude. Thero was so much for hor to think out nnd do. Tho day's amusemontB woulr have to ho arrnnged, nnd Antony's nbsouco explnined to Miss Peilo mid to nil tho guosts, Thou thoro wiui her visit to Elizabeth. Poor Lady Foo longed, yet dreaded, to seo tho girl. , There was also the odious tusk of meeting Richard Savillo, unless ho, too, like Antony, should havo detor- mined to loavo Speodo early. Thoro wus indeod a humlred-nnd-one things Lndy Feodora had to think about ; end, oddly onough, sho ion mat sue could do all nor necessary tliiuKtng and planning moro easily while sho sat and watohed hor baby splash about in tho morning bath, and lieton to tho laughter and pretty baby ohnttor, than if bIio woro left to herself. Sho wub vory weary from lack of sleep and from the recent great excitement ; but an hour iu her child's room acted on her liko a tonic. It was impossible to withstand the brightness and cheery infliionce of tho littlo creature, and half tho weight of hor thoughts seemed to slip from Foo as she clia ted and roinpod with her baby. It was barely oight o'clock when a noto was brought to Lady Foodora. It enmo, so hor maid said, from Mrs. Proctor, and had been brought by hor gardener. Foogussod tho oontouts before sho opened thu i letter. Mrs. Proct.r wroto only a few hurried wordB to say that sho and Elizabeth woro leaving Stonobury immediately. ' We aro going for a month to Woatport,' aho wroto. 'ThiB, I sin afraid, will seem liko a hurried daparturo ; but, ns a matter of fact, 1 determined only yesterday that I must havo my usual annual doso of eua-air ; nnd I fuol so fatigued from tho heat of tho last few days that I havo thought it wiser to take myself off with out any furthor dolny. I am to givo you Eliza beth's dear lovo ; aho will write to you from Weatport. At present 1 am kcoping her vory busy packing our clothes. Wo shall loavo by nn early train. I quite long for my child to got tho benefit of tho invigorating son-air. I hopo Misa Poiio nnd you, dear Lady Feodora, will forgivo us for not appearing nt your garden- party to-day ; but I am Biiro you will he only too glnd to hoar that 1 am currying Elizabeth away for hor first introduction to tho ocoan. I ' Most sincoroly yours, 'Anno Pkoctkr. ' A great sense of reliof came to Fuo as sho road those words, although tenrs came too as sho realised all that wss indirectly conveyed by them. Once ngnin she could seo tho wliito anguished fnco of Eliznboth as it had looked whon thoy pnrtud on tho procoditig night, and aho could easily guoss what suffering tho past hours must have brought to tho girl to go away so suddenly, changod and misorablo ; but alio could imagino everything, and, roinemboring all that bitter momont hold for Eliznboth as well as for Antony, sho could not but rejoico that the girl was boing troated so considorutoly and so wisely by Mrs. Proctor, nnd that sho hnd so true a friond to guard hor and givo hor comfort. Tears enmo again as Feo sat down and wroto a few hurried and affectionate words in return to tho old schoolmistress. ' Who knows,' she nddod at tho ond of hor noto. 1 hilt thnt. 1 itisiu lint rim fin urn t/-» Wnoi. port myself with 'Pooiles' in a few days. Should my husband havo to go to Amorica— as I firmly buliovo ho will— do not bo surprised at seoing mo and my baby ; and perhaps 1 shall bring down uuut Bortlui us wall. 1 lovo West- port, and it would be like a dream to sit on tho shoro with Elizabuth and watch the waves come rolling in.' (to he c0nt1nuhd.) 