THE QUEEN OP ELCHE. SPANISH PROTOTYPE OP THE PAS SION PLAY OF OBEBAMMERGAU. Our Lady of Assumption, the Mira culous Virgin, whose statue was brought into the city on the waves of the ocean, and which is now enthroned in the choir of the cathedral, is the real Queen of Elche. The legend tells us that on December 30,1370, a Spauish coa«tguard, named Francisco Canto, foui'd o :e moruing while walk ing aloug the shore, a bos which had been cast up by the tide the night before. Upon being opened, the bos was found to contain a miraculous figure of the virgin. The statue was carried into the city, where it became the object of many pilgrimages, and its fame spread far and wide by reason of the marvellous cures attributed to its intercession. It v. as transferred from cliapel to chapel, and finally ! permanently installed December 7, ! 1686, in the sumptuous cathedral of Elche. In the box with the precious image, so runs the legend, a roll of papers was found which, upon being opened, was discovered to be the libretto of an opera requiring t«o days for its pro duction, and which has been religi ously presented for centuries, in com memoration of the dedication of the miraculous image on August 15, the Feast- of the Assumption, so that every year in the far away Spanish city is celebrated a drama, which resembles the Passion Play of Obcram mergau, but which antedates its Ger man prototype by centuries. Church becomes a Theatre. For weeks preceding August 15, preparations are made for the cele bration. As a souvenir of the feast, it is customary to give all those who receive the sacraments a fiiu. Tho?e presented this year to the faithful wore of azure blue lace, mounted on gilded sticks. On one tide was painted a pretty landscape, on the other was written the^e words: "Avuntamiento constitutional de la eiuaad do Elche, 1397." The clergy transform the church, a seventeenth century structure, into a theatre. At the end of the choir, surmounting the main aliar, is the niche containing the miraculous statue. Here the Queen of Heaven stands, sometimes hidden behind a veil, upon which her picture is painted, often times standing out, a brilliant figure, brought into more prominence bv the dark golden background, " a:id surrounded by chubby cupid-like angels. From August 10 the church loses its sacred character. The altars are stripped of their ornaments. Under the cupola in front of the main alt^r a wide stage* of boards eove:ed with azure draperies, is erected. A sloping platform toward the sacristy is the means by which the actors reach the stage. Ori the left hand side of the primitive stage Is a higher platform furnished with benches covered with red cloth, upon which are to be seated the dignitaries of ths diocese. Finally au immense canvas is stretched from supporting pillars immediately under the cupola. The canvas is painted to represent the sky, studded with angels, seraphim and cheribim, playing ou different musical instru ments. This is meant to be the heaven into which tho Virgin is to be transported. A motley collection of benches, chairs, camp stools and even boxes is crowded into the unoccupied space of the vast nave. The theatre is now ready. The.Sacred Play Begins. At fou- o'clock on the afternoon of August 13 the church is thrown open to the public, who surge in laughing :.nd jewing, and fill it to over-lowing. The entrance of the archbishops, followed by the neighboring clargy, is a signal for the play to begin. L roui the vestry comes a procession, which slowly mounts the platform and gams the stage, Mary, the Virgin, with do«neast eyes and clasped, being followed by the two other Marys and four angels The Virgin is represented by a young girl tif nine or ten, whose pure delicate features art? filled with ecstasy. A golden aureole surrounds her head, and a long pale blue silken garment enfolds her. The choir, which is hidden, takes up the refrain of the old manuscript said to have been found with the image, aud the words of tin- hymn resound through the archt-s. Ou the li ft wall is hung a eaye, which is ir.eaiii for the Garden of Gethsemazii*, before which J M=uv kn-els, while tbo voices ling out j the Words of her lamentation. | While M >ry prays the vault above . h.-r opens and a blue globe, decorated with goldeu symbols, descends slowly. The crowd applauds this apparition wildly; it is the mysterious "Man grana." The fruft slowly opens, the quarters curl up, forming a studded vault, in the middle of which stands an angel, who scatters a golden shower of jioin among the populace. The Death of Marj. Then Mary announces that she is about to die, and the "Maugraua," descending, the angel presens her with a golden palm leaf. Mary asks as a last favor of the angel that she may see the Apostles before she expires. Mounting a sumptuously furnished bed, she lies down to await her final summons, and the Apostles, one by one, come into adore her. The " Maagrana " descends once more, hovering over the bed, and amid the dirges and the deal Mike stillness of the vast multitude', Mary's soul, a beautiful doll, dressed in richest silks and covered with gems, is taken by the angel, and the "Mangrana" returns to Heaven. | The crowd disperses in silence, and thus ends ihe first day. The nights of August 14 and 15 are devoted to silent prayer. The image of Our Lady of ihe Assumption is exposed, lying on the bed of death. Before ?he image an endless crowd pass. All those who have been spared from mis fortune, saved from shipwreck, cured of illness, mothers whoso children have been restored to them, cripples who walk, blind who see, deaf who hear, dumb who speak, move with delighted steps up the main aisle, down again and out into the inky darkness of the streets. At. half-past 8 on the evening of the 15ih the consummation of the opera takes plaee. The venerable archbishop and ail the clergy tile out of the vestry. The image is lifted on the shoulders of the Apostles, The Virgin is clothed in heavy bro cade, and covered with jewels. She lies extended on a large cushion, and, to make ihe delusion, more perfect, her f&i-e; is covered with a deatli rna-k. 1 ho procession passes round the f church, and finally returns to the ! stage, which is now set to represent a ! sepulchre. Glimpse of the Heavenly Throne. As the precession reaches the sepulchre the d:oir chants " In Esitu Israel de E^ypto." The Apostles deposit the imuge on a cushion covered with rich tapestry, and the star.ue is then wrapped an a silken grave clotii and deposited in tbo tomb. At that moment the heavens open, and in the midst of a golden shower is seeir the Holy Trinity - God the Father, seated on his throne,- at his right and left are seated Q-od the Son and God the Holy Ghost, represented as two children. The miraculous image, now divested of its death mask, in all the glory of its heavy brocades and jewels, is seen to emerge from the tomb and to asceud slowly toward the heavenly throne. God the Father, leaning towards it, places on its head the heavenly crown, which Mary, the Mother of Christ, has earned! The crowd weeps, the crowd prajs, the crowd applauds, the invisible choir swells forth in glorious anthems, and the diademed Virgin slowly ascends and consuinates the glorious and miraculous Assumption. 