A LIFE SENTENCE. They h3d come out together on the lawn from the room that was too small to hold two men and their anger. Mildenball's sudden rage had kept him "as yet from realising the full meaning of the torn letter which had fallen from the lace ut his wife's bosom as she left the dinner-table three minutes before. She had swept away, trailing her silks after her, unconscious. Every fresh thought flushed his face anew, and his fingers convulsively crumpled or rolled the scraps of paper that he clung to with both hands. " Oh, you scoundrel! Oh, you d d scoundrel! " The half-light from the drawn blinds fell on the letter—the foolish letter, in Kingsmark's handwriting—and fell, too, on Kingsmark's white, hardened face, that seemed to peer with a niteous curiosity at what so little time ago was the face of his friend. His friend, his dear old friend, whom ho had so basely betrayed—and that not for love's sake, but in the climax of a series of weak con cessions to the foolish passion of his friend's wife. The broken voice went on, sounding wearily, like the voice of one who has spoken a long time. "And if anyone had told in e, Jack— only five minutes back—before I—that you—Oh, you d d scoundrel! " At the fresh blr.zo of wrath, Kings mark put up his arm instinctively. " Keep off," be said, speaking for the first time. The action put a new thought iuto Mildonball's madness. "With a scream like an animal in pain, the big yellow bearded man threw himself upon Kings mark, and hurled him to the ground. A3 they rolled over together, Kingsmark felt hunds at his throat. His eyes swam in:his head—the clutch released for au . instant, and before it tightened again, his fingers found what they sought in his breast-pocket, Mildenhall was kneeling on him and laughing hysterically; speech was im possible to Kingsmark—be tried it; then forgetting everything but that life and . senses were leaving him, he struck up ward with all his ebbing force. ■ A tremor ran through the fingers at his throat, and their clasp was loosened. He struggled to his knees. Evelyn Mildenhall.seemed to be sitting against the tulip hank, with his head ■ thrown back and . his beard pointing, upward, just as it used to do when he let off his great peal of laughter at some jest cf his friend's. " Evelyn ! " No answer. Then the blood rushed into the forehead of the man who realised now what ho had done. He stepped hack into the house and throw on his bat and inverness. When he returned, be leaned over Mildenhall and stroked bis hair with his band. The man was dead, but the man who had killed him could not think of that now." .Alibis senses were strangely alive to trifles. Throngb the open window he could see the diningroom as they had left it—the •hairs thrust back, the cigar box open on thetable, the wine stillin the glasses. One of the two who had sat there was dead— the one who was alive hardly knew which. The turf was wet. Had a shower fallen ? At dinner she had complained of the heat, and languidly predicted' rain. Mildenhall's bead, lying back like that, must .be crushing one of the tulips.; Naturally an unobservantinan, Kingsmark noticed for the first time that tulip cups shut at night. Something was shining at Mildehhall's breast. The silver figure of u contndina hafting the stiletto thnt slew hiiii. "Why was there not more blood?' Kingsmark had bought that stiletto and the silver caudlesticks. now on the table within, the day the two came nway from Pisa, at •the end of that long holiday in the sun.' . He could leave it'there safely. No man . had looked at it since but be and the dead man who now had it in his heart He took his eyes from the hilt, shut them, and turned away his head. "When ho opened them again he stooped to pickup something white from the turf—a torn letter—on whose tumed-np corner he read " Darling Hetty." , Thrusting this into his waistcoat pocket, he went down the avenue with head bent, his hoots crunching the moist gravel on the path, now lit up and spangled by the moonlight. His old friend— Long ago they had sworn that the one who died first shonld return to meet aiid " greet the other on his way; Kingsmark wished that this conld be, for then his last memory of his friend would be a re proachful face—better memory than the white throat thrown back in tbo moon light. He shuddered, ana reached out his hands as he walked, as one does strugg ling to break a nightmare. Some one was speaking. He had walked into the little lane of light cast by a policeman's lantern. "'Good-night," he answered in his , dream. "Lookslike more rain, sir." "I fear so," said Kingsmark, and ■ hurried 011 to escape the coming shower. His old friend ! He. almost felt the accustomed arm thrown _ across; his shoulder.; - No thought of flight; he was tired and tounorrow showed dimly at the end" of • the iGng sleep awaiting him. Mildenhnll had always walked this Toad with him, and now Mildeohail was dead. Kings • mark wished he was dead, too—bnt per haps that was iouly part of the craving . for sleep which oppressed him. But it was his first definite . thought since Mildenhall, cigar in mouth,' had picked the torn letter from the floor under the empty chair at the table head. Another policeman was standing at his gate when Kingsmark fitted his latch key to the lock. Kingsmark wondered at the strange voice with which he gave good- night to this man. "When he had lighted a candle in his bedroom, be ieaned his bands on the dressing-table and looked long and curiously at the white face that stared, at him out of the mirror's dark depths. It was interesting to see the face of a man who had . . . He threw himself on the bed at the last pitch of exhaustion. ; Knock—knock—knock! What wasit— was some one making a coffin ? Hammer —hammer—hammer! No ; it was some one at the front door, and a bell , was clanging loudly in the empty kitchen. Kingsmark instinctively tore off his " coat and put on a dressing-gown before he went down- , "As he' shot back the heavy-bolts of the front door bo was conscious of a light • through the ground glass, and of voices without. " 'Well, what's np ? " he was surprised to hear himself say as he saw two police men standing on the doorstep. The night suielled sweet of wet earth and leaves. "Mr Mildenhall, sir--he's dead, sir— murdered." " Good God " Kingsmark leaned against the door-post, fighting for breath to say, " I killed him." "Yes, sir. In his front gnrden—a knife in his heart, sir," put in the other policeman. Kingsmark rubbed his hand across bis eyes and looked at it as if he expected to see something on it. " I was asleep," he said. " Yon pee," wont on the policeman, apologetically, " we came to you through yon being so well known to be his best ; friend—anil having been seen with him last of all." "What!'" said Kingsmark. "Why, sir. sure you're heavy with sleep, or you'd remember meeting us as usual, and us giving you good-night, sir —don't you recollect !J" " You saw me walking with Mr Milden hall to-night" " Yes, sir : of course I did. Come, sir, rouse yourself." Kingsmark hehl his two hands over his head and said : "Tell me again." ■" Again and again, sir," answered the man, with some temuer. "I saw him and you as usual, and I saw him leave you at your door; and I saw him go back home and I said good-night, hut he never answered. And then we saw the light and the window open, and went in and found the poor gentleman stone dead on his own lawn with his head among the tulips." Kingsmark's hands tightened their clasp. The dead mr.n had kept his pro mise then, and had walked with him that night. A ghost had paced by his side—a ghost's arm had lain on his shoulder ghost had come hack—the murdered man had saved the murderer. How curious ! Kingsmark hurst out laughing, and fell at the policeman's feet. They roused him—or what was left of him. The best part of him lay on the lawn among the tulips. A stupid sense of clinging to life with both bands possessed him. ilildenhall had saved his life ; he dared not throw it away. He was condemned to live. He went through an inquest—or dreamed he did—answering questions mechanically with a growing wonder to find his answers believed. "What fools people were! And lie the greatest fool of all. His old friend! Kingsmark thinks lie went mad little after this. They called it brain fever. When he got better he tried to tell himself Ulildenhall was not dead— had gone to a far country. But even that last rag—the one thing that let any meaning remain to life—was torn from him, for Mildeuhall's widow came to see him. " 5Ij' darling," she cried, throwing her arms found him, " how terrible all tbi3 has been, hut I um all your own now." " Ho did not answer; hut she felt the re pulsion of denial in the contact of htm. The commonplace, pretty face, framed in the yellow hair and widow's bonnet, .darkened; Then she spoke, reasonably, softly, with thelittle lisp 'Mildenhall had loved to" hear. " Jack, dear, of course it's very shock ing.and all that. But really it ought to bring .us together. Why should it part us?" : , He drew himself, up and laid -his dry lips against her little red mouth. This, too, was part of his life sentence/ •• ■ " Why, indeed ?" he said with a shiver. And sat with bis bead, bovred in the shadow of the night coming. 