With out next issue we will publish a Special. Supplement, containing a report of the Euroa Show, held yesterday, and also a report of the Euroa Council meeting, which !B to tube place to-inorrow. The commodious and handsome; Roman Catholic Church in this town being now. thoroughly completed will be solemnly dedicated on Sunday next, when the cere-, mony will he' uerBorihed by the Coadjutor Bishop'of Bendigo, life-Bight Rev-'.Stephen Iieville, The-eerinon wiil be preached by Fatber'O'Farrell, the head of the Bcdemptorists' Order jo this colony. St. Josepli's choir, from Benalla, will attend, and the musical ordinary will bg- contributed to from Farmer's mass. Tuo proceedings will commence at 11 a,m. At Inst Monday's meeting of the Benalla Council the question of repairing the Na- Unga bridge was discussed, with the resultthat it wus decided to take DO action for a .'month. The Violet Town bouncil baa £40 on tlie estimates for this work, and as the iftrncture in question is in a somewhat dangerous condition, it is to be hoped the work will not be delayed-,tanget than absolutely necessary. ' Miss M. Boyle who,, as staled in our last .issue, has- been-engaged to.rido tlie Jinnter JTairBsId, was- vpry succossfiul at Tatura show last week, wiomog:one event with'- Fairfield, running eecond iir another with -Lady .Grey,, land securing a- third prize : with Orphan Boy.; • also -first prize in • the Lady's Hack: competition j-. Starlight, a Violet Town horse, in olisrge of Mr B. /Thompson, secured second prize in the Maiden Hunters' competition nnd second as IB-etone Hunter;' • Qrphttti Soy was second in the High Jumpj 'whidi was won byPairfield. Moral, (rtipfse .that jumped vyell - at the Me)bourD6- .phojv, also competed, but failed to eacurea jplaoe, - A meeting of the members ' of the Hobbysuckle Musical'Oltfb <#ill be hold in theliall oh llopdaj-.pvemng v »t S p'clock, for the purpose of'cohsidSn^/the .matter, pt giving a concert in aid 'of, the XadiesV .Benevolent Society. - ^ tlns BDfiiety is in, flewioffundBall-tlio inombsrs^re requested •to" attend so .that definite /Arrangements may be mado to hold . Ab^ntertainmeht .as.soon as'poBsihle, "f.j -rtJi^M r rs . : » J:-'' ii^itiJ. •: -is::,:. - At tlie local Court o£ Petty Sessions, on Friday last, before Mr H. Linard. J.P., Henry Murray proceeded against William Dtummond for ossauit. Mr Lawry appeared' for complainant. Defendant admitted that ho had committed an assault under provocation, but as he was under the influence of drink at the time he did not know what ho wns doing. Tlio complainant, on oath, stated that defendant had come to hiB house and cruelly assaulted him by striking him, knocking him down, bumping bis head on the floor, and other wine ill-treuting him. An te (complainant) was an old man of 70 years, he had no chance with, a young fellow likg the defondant, and altliough he had no wish to iress for s heavy ponaliy lie wunted the Jeneh to protect him. The defendant said that the whole affair arose out of complainant using insulting words, to his mother some time ago. Mr Lawry pointed, out that during the assault tlie complainant had his shirt torn off, and. tlio articlo was KI tlie court if the Bench wished to inspect Mr Lina.d said he did not think there was any necessity. It was clear to him that an assault ha he considered it shameful that a young man, like defendant should take advantage of af old man of 70. Drunkenness was no excuse for the committal of such an assault. Ho would fine defendant £l: with, £1- os-ccsts^ On Sunday next the Lord Bishop of Melbourne will preach, and. celebrate Holy Lommnnion at S:. Paul's Church, Euroa, at II o'clock, lie will administer the rite of confirmation there at 3 o'clock, anil again ut St. Dunstan's, Violet Town, at 7 o'clock. It luis keen arranged to hold a tea- meeting and concert in the p'iblic ball, Euroa, on Saturday evening, when the Bishop will deliver an address. During his stay in Violet Town liis Lordship will be the guest of Mrs Cochran. The committee of tho local Mechanics' Institute have not, so far. dealt with the proposal of the council to purchase the bull, Members generally arc opposed to the sale of the building, especially on the lines proposed, and ihercforedo not feel disposed to proceed any further with the subject. In trying to get I he council to lease the building the main object in view was to get a front erected, and thus naturally add to die value of the property, and at the suinc time m.ilio the hall an ornament to the town. Under tho new proposal, however, the council wi-l not bind itself to erect a frontage evun if the hull were sold to tlicm for the price of the mortgage, am) therefore the committee object to transferring their rights to the council at such a ridiculously low sum. At the present time the Institute is self-supportisg, and such being the case the committee have no desire to part with it unless by so doing they can improve their position. Although the secretary has notified members on two occasions that a mealing would be held to discuss (lie council's proposal a quorum has not been got together, but aB it will be nccessary to send n reply to tho next meeting of the council the matter wi.'l pro bably be dealt with nest week. A meeting of the loe-il detachment of Victorian Mounted Rifles was held at McShane's Kialla Hotel on Friday et-ening last forthe purpose of arranging a social in connection with the visit of the Sale rifle team on the 4th of November. The cluir was occupied by Lieut. B, D, Crocker, and there were also present Privates Neil, Muher, McFarlane, Crocker, llenderson and Southern. It was decided to hold a social on the evening of the 4th proximo, and Private Neil was appointed to act as secretary. The whole of the members of the detachment were formed a general committee, nnd s working committee, comprising Pri ates McFarhine. Bobineon, Southern and the socrotmy, was clected to make all arrangements. Tlio prices of admission were tixid ns follows :—Double ticket 3s, extra lady Is. We are very pleased to record the fact that Mr Charlus Anderson lias been successful in p.ieaing his examination as civil engineer. When Mr Horsficld took the position of shire socretary at Violet Town, Mr Anderson was placed under his training for the profession of civil engineer and his success is largely due to the first class tuition he has receivod from that gentleman. During the past three years he has devoted all his spare time to gaining knowledge on the subjects which were to fit him for tho profession, and the roward of hiB labors must be highly satisfactory to him. Professor Kernot, one of the examiners, congratulated him on his success in passing fully on his first trial—almost a reco r d performance—and no doubt Mr Anderson's many friends will be pleased to hear of his success, PiObasco's circus appeared in Violet Town on Monday evening last, aud the performance given waB a most enjoyable one—in fact it was far ahead of the usual shows of thiB kind that have travelled the country during the past few years, The tumbling and trapeze work was excellent, and the horse work was very good There was a large attendance and all seemed thoroughly satisfied with the show. We notice by tho Petersburg Times, of South Australia, that n benefit was ten. dered. to, Mr T. Wallace (son of Mr T Wallace, of Baliiiattum) on Wednesday, the I9th instant, Tli: benefit was given by th& Petersburg Dramatic and Musical Club in recognition of the valuable services rendered by- Mr Wallace during the past fioven years. Our coritciunorarysays;. —During this, poilcul Sir' Wallace has proved himself to be a most active and versatile member of the club, and so thoroughly -ins lie ingratiated himself into the favor of the amusement loving public, that any caste of f.haraoters now seems incomplete without his name—indeud. he may he regardud almost as indiBpensible -to the Society as the ghost to the production of Hamlet. Mr Wallace came to Peteralmr» with an established reputation from Narracnotre. where he had boen the life and soul of tlio local Dramatic Society', including as it did some of the .best talent of the South-east. From the first it WSB seen that Petersberg iiad secured a prize, and his arrival marked a new era in local amateur dramatics, ^ During the years that have passed Mr Wallace has never spared, himself, and many philanthropic movements have bean largely helped along by Ills efforts. The benefit tendered'ori this' occasion was therefore a graceful compliment on tbo part of his fellow Thespians, while the splendid house showed tiiat die society's action met popular approval," _ An unfulfilled contract for; the supply , of'a quantity of sleepers has cnuBed a tetm poraiy delay in the jsonstraction of the harrow-gauge railway .from , Wungaratta lb Whitfield,. IJ^ariy six hiiles ot ,tbe ]inb have now_been !sid; .Tlie sleepers delivered nt tb'IB end will suffioe for three more miles, and there are suffioientlooal supplies Jeyond^ ll 'miles. Gon.traotS' for small .^uiritities are now to be let for the five miles intervening./ . It is probable that-ita tpopsequence oftheidelHyiicaused-by want of sleepers thec line .will not be Wady for traffic OBfnrs iUrchteki,;' . MfesJi >)B»Q6* TMJWrt -i-i.'i IA- -5 •' *t Tho sitting of the Bonolh Court of Assizes, presided over by Mr Justice Hood. waB continued on Friday, when John Husselt, j«n., was charged with stealing nine head of cattle, the property of Mr William Ginnivan. grazior, from a paddock 12 miles distant from Benalla, on May ICth lust. The case for tlie Crown was that tho accused removed the bullocks on the night of the date mentioned, nnd drove them to Telford; whence he consigned them on tlie following day, under the name of ;i S. Flack," to Messrs Powers, Rutherford, and Co., who sold them under the hammer. The case lasted all day, and the jury, after a retirement of half-an-bour, found tho accused-not guilty, and he was acquitted. In the case of Margaret Tratford, who was duly charged with setting fire to a bouse belonging to-a man named Bnlston-at Lilliput. near Rutlierglen, the jury were unable to agree,, and were discharged. The case will be reheard at Beechworth next month, accutied'being admitted- to bail, Although our " fishermen" may not be as well versed in the piscatorial art as are the nnglerb of neighboring towns, they are able to uphold their reputation in the matter of " fisherman's yarns/' In onr list issue we reported that we had been snp- 'lied wilh information relative to a large ish that was alleged to have been caught in the Honoysnckle Creek. This iish was brought into Violet Town and offered for sale, but no person cared about having it at any price, looking upon it os a sort of finny monstrosity. It was raffled for a small sum and the winner—a local butcher —after making a thorough inspection of hit prize decided that it was something unnatural and not caring to have ihe monster about his shop, which W»B well btocked with meat lie thought i f advisable to-got rid of it wiiliout further delay. He tried to sell it, but no purchaser waB forthcoming and the fish was again raffled, the winner on this occasion deciding that ho would hand it over to the cook, A view of the mouth of the fish was enough for him, however, and he was glad to sell it to the uiun who brought it iuto the town, at a very low figure, and this individual left for his home quite satisfied with his little joke, seeing that he had not only raised a few " bob" but still hud bis fish by him. It now turns out that this individual was not a Giorge Washington, but as a slight pervcrtion of the truth on his part created a liitle sensation in the town he may be excused. The truth of the whole affair is us follows : A gentleman who is on a visit to Messrs Brown Brcs. of Earlstxn, arrived in Violet Town by the evening train carrying this fieli—which was u "snapper"'—with hiin. He started for Earlslon on a bike, and find- ing Crilly's lane in a bad slute for riding lie decided to relieve himself of his "finny burden," Arriving at a culvert that was being constructed by Contractor Aitken lie placed the fish on it and pursued his journey. Later on in tlie evening it wgs found and brought into tho township and disposed of as before stated. Captain Burrowes has fixed the annual Bitting of tlio Licensing Court at Benalla for the Benalla, Upotipotpon, Mokom, Warrenbayne, Bothesav, Dookie, Strathbogie and Balmattum divisions for December 7th. Messrs Watte, Tnrnbull and Co. on Saturday last offered for sale at the Benalla hotel the booth for the Baddaginnie sports to be held on November 9lh Mr Pearcv, of the Newmarket hotel was tho purcnuser at £11 5s. Thirty-two liors.'e have accepted for tho Melbourne Cup to be run on Tuesday next. None of the horses withdrawn were backed to any great extent. During ihe past week the betting market has boon fairly brisk, large sums of money being placed on several horses. Tho Grafter still retains the position of favorite, while Massinissa 1I:IB receded in tho public favor. The dispute between Mr Chirk and the Benallu Coursing Club has not yet boen settled (says the Euroa Gazette), and it is locally felt that Mr Clark has been very badly treated. Uis dog Stanley 2nd, it will be remembered, won tho Derby Stakes at Benalla some months ago, when a dispute as to the age und breeding of the dog arose, and though declarations have been signed and forwarded by Mr Clark to Mr Munday, the secretary of the National Coursing Club—and it would appear this is the only authentic evidence before tho autlioritieB—the payment of tli? stake is still delayed. Mr Clark now contemplate; taking proceedings against the Benalla club to enforce the paying over of the stake. The Meat Bill, which is now being finally revised, will divide the colony into, what are celled meat areas. Meat cannot be taken into these areas without passing official inspection and being branded as fit for human consumption. All cattle brought into the areas to ho ki.led for meat ninst bo slaughtered at the public abattoirs. Inspectors are to be appointed by the municipalities to enforce the act, nnd if tho municipalities fail to make the appointments, the Board of Public Health may do so and compel the local bodies to pay the n9cessary salaries" or fees. In country centres tlie adoption of the act will be optional with the local authorities ; but if the Board of Public Health should deeiu the operation of. the.net necesBiry from sanitary consideration, tho adoption of the statue can then be inad* compulsory. In any case it will be compulsory in the metropolitan district, which is to be constituted one meat area. Dead meat imported from outside the colony will be stibjocl to inspection under the act. unless it has previously been passed and branded by some recognised Government authority- \- ."• ; ' ". An interesting marriage took place at Kialla last week, when Mr M. B. Kennedy, of Caniambo, was united in wedlock to Miss K. O'Brien, of Kialla East. A large social gathering was held after the wedding at which the usual toasts were proposed and responded to. Messrs M-Bride, Martin and Co. report: —Another busy day at the Mart on Saturday 22nd October. Prices for poultry a little lower, owing , to the largo supply. Fowls,.. ls lOd to 2s 4d f - rooBtors, 2s 6d to 3s 8d ; ducks, 3s 3d to 3s 9d ; turkey hens, 6s 6d ; gobblers, . 12s to 16s 6d ; geese, 4s- to 6s ; parrots, 3s 3d to 4a ; secondhand binder, £5; old spring dray, 30s ; cream oans, 5s 6d ; hive of bees, 30s; empty hives. 12s fid, Furniture — Duchesse cheBt,'37s 6d; washstand and ware, lis 6d; bedstead and , wire mattress, 18s ;: chairs, 5s Gd to 6s; also- largo- quantity toys, fancy ^oodsand sundries. We BIBO eo]d by -auction Mr Evans's land at Toolambai . After spirited bidding it fell to tir.Pogueat £7 per acre cash. Mr Cor- •bett's was passed in st £4 17s 6d for .Alfred Archer,-the .nian who was sentenced to death at Benalla last week for the Strathmertop murder is at present in' the Melbourne gool, ,-whore his spiritual needs are lieing attended'to by the ga61 chaplain, to 'Whom, lie^pays respected attention. • His case will ho dealt with by the Executive Council in the course of a, fow days, and shonld' 1 that body take the" sauie view'of-the caeS -as-the jury.-a Hay. will bb appointed for the condemned 'man!* execution. • ' • ••• • 1 ; On Friday, the 4th. prox., Mr R. D.- Crocker will hold a special horse sale at Euroa. nnd an the Monday following he will hold a pig sale at Violet Town. The- Euroa Show took place yesterday and 1 was well- patronised. In the morning the weather was anything but favorable for a gathering of the kind, as there was 8 steady rain falling, but as the day advanced the weather cloaredi The Cunard family gave a good entertainment in the local hall on Wednesday evening,, but the attendance was verv small. They appeared a, second time last evening.. This week's iiisue of the Leader contains a .special supplement dealibg with the picturesque features and commercial ospeets-of Western Australia. It is excellently got up and' should moot with ready sale. The Benalla Council, at a meeting held on Mbnd&y; last, decided to raise a loan of £1000 to cany out certain neceysary worlts in the Warrenbayne riding. The term of' the loan is to be 20 years, the interest 4' per cent, and the sinking, finul 5 per cent, Mr E'. Sindbrson who left Violet Townfor the West some time ago returned uguin> laBt week. Speaking of Western Australia he says it is not nearly as prosperous; as it was 12 month* ago, and the grndiiai< fall in wages is llavitag tile effect of drivingmany of the working class hack to (heeastern colonies. A tennis match WOB pltiyert'on Ihe local' public court on Saturday hist belH-ecn a combined Violet Town tenin. and Benall-i^ the same resulting in a win for thu lutler. Benalla was represented by Mrs Bari-in^ton,. Miss Henry, Messrs Brown nnd Cmitie^nnd' Violet Town by the Misses Crocker. Under-. wood, Egan, and Messrs Home and Phillips. The relations between England nndi France are very strained at tho present time over the Egyptian question, and although it is not probable that a war will: result, action is being taken by the Britishmilitary authorities to secure themselves in the event of an attack. Queensland and' New Zealand are also getting ready tocombat an hostile attack should il be made. Tho directors of the Badd-iginnie Butler,. Cheesoand Ice Factory Company, Limited, have received information from their Lon "on agent—Mr J. B. Eilers—to (heeffect that the butter shipped by this company per the Orntava realised 112s percwt—the top market price. This news should be of interest to the shareholders. The Supreme court sittings at Benalla wore finisned on Friday night, (ho actual: time occupied being 2G hours, not counting tho six hours the jury in the arson casowere locked up. In that time over 100- witnesses were examined in the criminal court, fourteen addressoB by counsnl tvere given, and the judge summed up threetimes, while he also disposed of one civil caso and adjourned another to the Matsittings. A coffee social was held at Warrenlniyne on Tuesday evening last, which was \vell attended, and proved a financial success.. The Rev, W. Davey occupied the chair, and during the evening nnnii-r.uis Koni;», reeitations, etc., were given and: much appreciated. The Government municipal auditor li-isi commenced his work at Baiiullu, mi,I at soon as ho has completed tlio shire bonks there, lie is to come to Violet Town. It is-, therefore probable- that the annual balancesheet will be available for the Decembermeeting of our local governing body. The time for receiving nominations forthe Sheffield Handicap, Hurdle Race,. Bicycle Race and Log Chopping Contest in connection with tho Baddaginnie sports, has been extended till Saturday next. Acceptances close at noon on the day of the sports. Mr Findley has beon appointed hundicapper foi the bicyclo race. We would also mention that the second prize for log-clnpping is £1 10n aml n it £4 10s: as advertised in error. On Sunday evening last some damage was done at the looal- Methodist clmrcli, several palings being removed from tin: fence in front of that bnililiug. It i« alleged that two or three of the local buys, are responsible for this mischief, and tiiu trustees of the church are determined to. put a stop to such unseemly conduct. A etiict watch will now be kept und the first offender caught will be prosecuted. The November editions of the School Paper," now published, maintuin thecharacter of these very readable periodicals,. In the 3rd class paper are articles describing the life of the Australian aboriginies^ the work of bees and otlier intei eating subjects. Special importance may be at tnclied to an article on tobaccn, showing its injurious effects on a young boy's con-- stitution. As one of the follies of ourrising generation is tbe filly "uignrottc habit," it is a pity this particular publication. is. limited, to-tlie school children. A butter faotory and its operations are introduced in, the first of a series of chaptersin the 4th< class paper. In the definition of ''courage,"" on which tlie-School Paper has taken the true basis, we have u description of the courage of labor in working red-hot iron. Tlie discovery of Australia,, and the Melbourne Hospital for Sick: Children are dealt wiih in this paper.. Among tho chief subjects touched on in. tho paper for tbe highest classes ure the Wannon Falls, a sketch of Fijian life, umli some.hints on domestic-economy in the department of cookery. 