P. and S. P. Board. —A meeting uf the Forbes Pastures and Stock Protection Bomd was held at the Stock Office on Wednesday, last week, when there wore present— Messrs. Thns. Lj.slie (chairman), Wallace Hunter, J. D. Rand, Jo3eph Elliott, W. W. Priddle, and N A. Gatenby. After the ordinary business of read ing and confirming the minutes, Mr. Hunter moved, Mr. Rand seconded, and it was carried ' That all defaulting ratepayers be summoned by the secretary for the recovery of outstanding rates.' With reference to a letter from the Quoanbeyan Board re- the advisability of the Government proclaiming a buffer strip of country between Queensland and this colony in order to prevent the inroad of ticks from the northern colony, it was decided not to support the pro posal, same being regarded as impracticable. With reference to the proposals from Armtdale, (1. lie the expenditure of sheep fund ; 2. The abolition of limit of distance for travelling stock ; and 3. That all Boards should have a voice in the appointment of Chief Inspector of Stock), it was decided to reply, stating that the matter was atill before the the Stock Boards' Council of Advice, but so far that body had not been able to get the required action taken by the Depart ment. Scalp certificates, amounting to £145 3s 7d, were passed for payment, as also were accounts to the extent of £34 IC3 8d, and directors' outlays amounting ifi £5 I63. On the motion of Mr. Gatenby, seconded by Mr. Hunter, it was decided — ' That it having come to the knowledge of this Board that the Stock owners' Association are now concluding an agree ment by which Is per head shall be paid by the sellers and buyers of all cattle sold at Fleming ton after October 15th, this Board protests against such action, it being contrary to the resolutions adopted at the July meeting, and ro q'lests the Council of Advice to toko immediate action in the matter. '— Forbes Times. Five or six years ago a! number of gentlemen signed a bund for something like £1500, in con nection with the Forbes show ground. The money is how apparently being called up, and one of the bondsmen (who resides in Pavkec) has been served with )i writ for, £200 and costs. There seems every probability of half-holiday movement in Condubulin falling through shortly. Peak Hill would be pleased to be electorally tacked on to Parkos in preference -to Condo bolin. The retreating Dervishes rallied and made an attack on Gedaref, but were repulsed with great slaughter. Sister Gregorina, who was a victim to horrible treatment at the hands of the Madhi, was, with her five children, among those rescued at Omdurman. The Sister was fifteen years a cap tive. She was tortured, sold as a slave, and forced to many. Enormous crowds gathered at the railway station to welcome the first battalion of tho Grenadier Guards on their return from tho Soudan. A Nasty Cot. — A shearer named named G. H. Reid (this must not be mistaken for the Premier, who is not yet on the ' boards ') met with a nasty accident at. Borambola Station on Thursday afternoon. ' Whilst trying to put up a record against a fellow workman the shears slipped and the point entered Reid's hand, inj flioting a large wound. 'The cut comtn 'need between tho first and second finger, and in a circular fashion tapered out at the wrist. It was an ugly gash, and before the sufferer reached Dr. T. Watkins Burgess' surgery, where he was driven by a mate, he had lost a good deal of blood. The bleeding was promptly stopped, a number of stitches put in the cut, and Reid drove back again to tho station. He will, how ever, be unable to resume his place on the board for some li'tlo time. — Wuyya Wayya Express. A claim for public sympathy is put forward on behalf (if Archbishops who live in palaces and have five-figure incomes. They are obliged to spend so much on garden parties, and such-like entertainments that, big aa their salaries are, there is no money in the business. It. is stated that the leading Archbishoprics of England are run at a loss to those whom the uniniated regard as having the good fortune to be in possession of them. ,. Hence, : without a man has private means, ho cannot accept arch- epistopate office. Likely enough this ia all true, for even on a niitro it : is .not:' necessarily all gold that glitters. It is a fortunate thing for the Qhurch, therefore, that/this state of'things did not exist when the Hofy Ghost came down in fiery tongues, for if it -'{lad; He would nob have found a man eligible for appointment, It is not on record that Peter or any of '? the !' Galliloe fishermen had big private incomes from money invested in gilt edged- securities, nor. was, tliere a man ..amongst the apostles. who had: a rent roll ' .amounting., tp .shucks. ;' -The; only way they could inakoit.work; ; was by doing without fat-calved flunkeys to hand them things on' silyerr'salvora, and. not .being I oyor-solioitous .about what;they, should eat or what they, slinuld^ drinkv:- or , iWherowithr they: might, bo clothed. ',.; How would it be. if, instead of complaining about the inadequacy, of their ten and' liftoen thousand a. year pittances, their successors tried ;:tp get; over the difficulty by similar means. — Outis.' . : A proposal is.on fout.to institute cycling races at night. .,,. ]?„'?.?:.?? : ;; A lighthouse of bamboo has just been built in Japan. It is said to have groator power of re sisting the waves than any other kind of wood, and does niit rptlike the ordinary wood. The drought in the country still continues, and the orops are being withered up in all directions. ? Soiriu 'halves 'farmers in tho Riverina have abandoned their crops, and returned to Victoria, owing to the drought. A writer in an exchange says of labor member Griffith : — ' He wears a high collar, you know, pointed boots and tunied-up trousers, and affects a pair of gloves and a walking cane, and, curse him, calls himself a democrat.' Tho Stuttgart Socialist Congress has resolved to oppose legislation for tho repression of the socialistic movement in Germany. JouiiNALisTru Pleasantries in Qukhnslasd. — Towers Eagle : 'The Cooktown Beacon said some time ago that we stole its pars. The only article we ever saw worth stealing in the Beacon was a pound of pork sausages !' Cooktown Beacon : ' It is very certain that the Eagle is not sufficiently clean to hold food of atiy description for human consumption. It is even too filthy for sanitary purposes.' The total loss on the South Coast railway line for tho year ending June 30, 1808, was :— Syd- ney to Kiama, £37,031 ; Kiama to Nowra £12,504. Tho Orange Municipal Council's debt, is said to bo about £12.000. Around Wyalong, tho farmers are a deal con cerned about tho state of the weather, and it is feared the crops will bo a fiiiluro. At tho Bourke police court,' twenty-seven shearers were fined 10s each for ceasing work at Lissin^um station, without leave or lawful excuse. It appeared that this step was taken because the managed rof used to erect 11 bough shed for tho shearers' cook to keep moit in. 