WHILE THE BILLY~BOILS by Henry Lawson Sydney, NSW XIV. ACROSS THE STRAITS We crossed Cook's straights from Wellington III 0110 of tlio»o rualy little iron tanka lliat «o up nml down mid norms tliuro for twenty or tlili'ty yours iind novor got wrcokod— for mi other reason, Apparently, limn thai thoy Imvo ovory pos«iblo axuuau to go nshuru or go down on tliuau stormy ooBsla. Tho nge, construction, or condition of thoso boats, ,nnd tho noutli-imstors, nnd tho construction uf Urn cnnatllnu. uro decidedly in fuvorof thoir going do'' i 'ho furoa tiro high aud tho ' nccommodution ainnll nnd dirty. ' It is always tho enmo whore tliuro is no competition. A year or two ngo, wboti a compnny wrb running bouts betwoon Austrulia and Now Zealand without competi tion, tho aleurngo fnro was thrco pound direct ainglo, nnd two pouud leu shillings botlvcim Auckland nnd 'WullitiKtoii, Tho potatoes woro blnelt ond green nnd soggy, (lie hoof lilm bits scraped oil tho insido of n hiilu which hud lain out fora duy or su, tho cabbnfo was cabbie lcavoa, the lea muddy. Tho whole business to.iU uway our appotilo regularly Ihreo times a day before wo comironced, and there wasn't enough to £0 riuuid, even it it had boon good — enough tucker, wo mean \ thero was enough nppetito to go round three or four timoa, but it was drivon away by dis -fn«f utitil iiFtm* mcnla. It' wo had not. under cover of darkness, broached n deck enrgo o£ oranges, leinona, and pineapples, and thereby run tho risk of, being run iu on arrival, there would liavo been Btarfation, disease, aud death on that boat bofoio tho end — porhapa mutiny. You can go across now for ono pound, and got somothiug to oat on tho road; but tho travelling public will go on patronising llio latest reduction in fares until tho poorer company gots starved out ond fares go up, — thon tho travelling public will havo to pay three or four timoa as much aa thoy do now, and go hungry on tbo voyngo ; all of which ought to go to prove that tho travelling public is as big a fool as tho goncral public. We can't holp thinking that tho captaiin and crowa o£ our primitive littlo coastal stoauiori tako tho chances 10 often that thoy get used to it, and, being used to ' it, havo no longer any misgivings or anxiety in rough weather concerning a watery gravo, but fool aaporioetly safe aa if thoy wero in church with thoir wives or sisters — only more comfortable — and go on feolingso until tho worn out machin ery br'oaks down and lets tho old tub run ashore, or knocks a holo in her ?ido, or' tbo nido itself rusts through through at last and lota tho water in, or tho last straw in the sbapo of tin extra ton of brino tumbles on board, and the ' John Smith ' (Newcastle) goes down with a ' swoosh ' boforo tho cook has time to leavo off pcoliug hia potatoes and tako to prayer, Thoso cheerful— nnd, may bo, un juBt — reflections are perhaps iu conso quoncd of our having lost halfn sovorcign to start with. Wo arrived at tho booking offico with two miu utos to sparo, two sticks of Juno tobacco, a spare wooden pipo — in caso wo lost tho othor — n lotter to n friend's friond down South, n pound noto (Dank of Now Zealand), and two half-crowns, .with, which to try our fortunes in South Island. Wo also had a few things in a portmantoau and two blankets in n throo- bushel bag, but tboy didn't amount to much. The clerk put down tho tickot with tho half-sororeign on top of it, nnd wo wrapped tliu latter in tbo former and ran for the' wharf,1 On tho way wo ? nnti.iiAil i thft ' tinlfnfc Hilt ' tfl HOO tho name of tbo boat wo woro going by, in order to find it, and it was thon, we ?uppoae, tlmt tho semi-quid got lost. Did you ovov loio a sovereign or a half- Bo»oroign uudor similar clrcum itancoBf You think of it casually and feel for it carclcaaly at first, to bo suro that it's there all right j tbon, after going through your pockots threo or four times with rapidly growing unoti»inos», you Iobo your head a littlo and drodga for that coin hurriedly aud with painful anxiety, Thon you forco yournolf to bo calm, and proceed to aoarch yourBolf flys tematically, in a methodical tnannor. At this stago, if you havo timo, it's n good plan to Bit down and think out when and whoro you last had that half-»ovor!gn, and whoro you havo boon Binco, and which way you camo from thoro, nnd what you took out of your pockot, and whoro, and whethor you might havo givon it in mistako for sixpenco at that pub whoro you runhod in to haro : a boor— and thon you calculate tho chancoB againBt gotting it back again, Tho lnnt of thoso reflections in apt to bo painful, and tho painfulnosB ia complicated and iu 1 creased when Jthoro Imppon to havo been sovoral pubs and a liko numbor of hurriod farowoll boora in tho rocont ya»t. ri-'i. «i .--. , - '?? ; \ And for months after that you nntuit Rot eld of thu idea that llmt la'E-sov, might bo about your elolhm nmawlioro, it hauuta you. You urn your pockets out, nnd feel llio inin-! ot your coat aud veat inch by null, and cxamino your luttori), papoifl — cvurytliliiB you Imppon to havo ha I a yuur pocketB that day— over and jvur ngnin, and by-nnd-bje you pei-r into envelopes and unfold papers thai you didn't havo in yuur pockot at all, -ut might havo hail, And whim tlm novelty of tho nr*t search has worn off, and tho lit takes you, you make another. Even after many mouth* have passed aw.iy, boiiio day — or night— when you are hard up fur tobacco and n drink, you suddenly think of tlmt lalo lamented half-sov., nnd aro moved by nil verso circum stances to look through your old clothes in n sort of forlorn hopo, or to givo good luck a sort of chance to surprise you- the only chanco thai you can givo it. Hy-tho-way, Bovonand-six of thai half quid shou'd havo enno lo tin landlord of tho hotel where- we aluyuil ln«t nml HOinellllW. ill Bllito of tllit ^lightened age, tho loss of it seemed i judgments and accing Ihnt the boat vaa old and primitive, and thcro wan jvcry sign of a three days' sou'-easlei', ,ve »inccroly hoped that judgment was jomplolo— that BuprL-mu wrath had been nppeiisod by the line of ten bob without adding any .loimh business lo it. This rominda us that wo once found a lost hiilfsDvoreigu in lhc|uuwl of a sparo pipo nix montlis after it was lost. V*ro wished it had Htnyod thoro and turned up to-night. Hut, nlthough when you iuu in great diiugur— wvy, adrift ill an opoti boat— tales of provi dential oscapca nnd roadies may inter est and comfort you, you can't get any comfort out of anecdotes concorning tho turning up of lost qaids when you havo just lost one yourself. All you want ia to lind it. It bothers you oven not to be able to account for n bob. You always liko lo know that you havo had some thing for your monoy, if only a long beor, You would sooner know that you fooled your monoy away on a sprco and uindo yoursolE nick than lost it out of an extra holo ill your pocket and kept well. Wo loft Wellington with a feeling of pained rogrot, a follow- wauderer by our sido tolling na how ho had onco lost a 'fl-pun-noto'— and about two ihirds of tho city unemployed on tho wharf looking for that half sovereign. Well, wo hopo that some poor dovil found it; although, to toll tho truth, we would havo by far proforred to havo found it oursolf. A Bailor aniil that tho ' Moa ' was a good Bca boat, nnd, although sho was small and old, ho waa novor afraid of hor. He'd sooner travol in her than in somo of these big choap ocoan liners with raoro sand in them tlmu ironorstoel ? You know tho rest. Further on, in a conversation concern ing tho age of thoso coasters, ho said that they'd laat fully 30 years if woll painted and looked aftor. Ho said this ono was seldom painted, nnd never painted properly; nnd thon Bcotningly in direct contradiction to his previ ously expressed confidence in tho safety and seaworthiness of tho ' Moa, ho Baid that ho could polto a stick through hor anywhere. Wo naked him not to do it. It cntno on to splash, nnd wo wont bolow to reflect, nnd search onco moro for tlint hnlf-sovoroign. Tho cabin was amnll nnd closo, aud dimly lighted, aud evil smelling, and shaped liko tho butt ond of a coffin. It might not havo smelt bo bad if wo hadn't lost that hnlf-sovoroign. Thoro wns a party of thoao gipsy like ABsyrinna — two families apparently— tho women hnd children lying vory sick nbout tho lowor bunks; nnd u big, good humored looking young Maori propped botwoon tho ond of tho table and tho wall, playiug a concortina, sooinod too much in sympathy with thorn, nnd tho lost half quid haunted us moro thnu ovor down thoro j so wo stnrtod to climb out, Tho first thing that struck ua was tho jagged top edgo of that iron hood liko arrangomout ovor the gangway, Tho top half only of tho scuttlo wan open. There was nothing to Go soon oxcept a fog of spray nnd a Newfoundland dog seasick under tho leo of something, The next thing that struck us wns n tub of salt nntor, which camo liko a cannon ball nnd broke against the hood afllair, and spattorod on dook liko a crockery ohop, Wo climbed down backwards, and Bat on tho floor with omphusis, in couso. quohco of stopping -down a last stop that wasn't thoro, and cracked the baek of our hoad against the odgo of tho tnblo. Tho Maori holpcd ua up, and wo had a drink with him at llio oxponso of one of tho half'cnaors tnontioned in tho boginning of thiB nrtielo. Then tho Maori shouted, thon wo, then tho Maori again, thon wo again j nnd thon wo thought, 'Dash it, what's n half Bovoroign ? Wo'll fall on our foot all right.' Wo wont up to CJuoou Oharlotto's Sound, a long crooked arm of tho son botweoa big, rugged, black looking liilU, There was n boH of lighthouse | lowu noar thounti'ivuce, and they Bald mi old Mauri woman kept it, Thuru | worn boiiio whitish tilings on tlm Bidua of tho hilla, which we at llrst took for cattle, and than for goats. They woro I ahcop. Homo ono aaid that that coun try wnH only fit lo carry slienp. It must Imvo boon bad, then, judging from a.imuoE of Iho country in Australia which is only fit to carry Bhoop, wn think. 8lieo|- nro nbout tho hardiest ' nnhunlB on tho faco of thia planet— ! barring crocodiles, I You may rip a sheep open whilst watching for tho boss's boots or yarn ing to a pou-malo, nnd then whim jo' Imvo Btullud Iho works bauk into tho animal, ami put aslilch iu tliu slit, and polled it Bomuwliero with a tar Bliek (it dooan't matter much whoro) the jum-buek will bo all right nml jml »8 lividy us over, and turn up noxt shear ing without tho ghost of a Bcratch on its skin. Wo ronehod I'iclon, a smiill collec tion of twinkling lights in n dark poc ? ket, apparently at tho top oE a sound. Wo climbed up on to tho wlmif, got tliriiiinli ImtwoLMi two railway trucks, md asked a policeman whoro wo were, nnd whoro tho telegraph ofllco was. 1'hero wore several pretty girls in tho .illW, laughing and ehyacking Iho counter clerks, which jarred upon tho feelings of this poor orphan wanderer iu strange and unemployed lamia. We gloomily took a toloigram furm, and wired to a friend in North Island, uaing tho following words-' Wiru quid ; stumped.' Then we crossed tho street to a pub nnd asked for a room, ami they told us to go up to No. 8. Wo went up, struck a match, lit Iho cmidle, put our bag in a corner, cleared tho looking IjlasH, etc., off the toilet table, gotsomi jiapi-r and a pencil out uf our port manteau, nini rat down and wrote tbi» sketch, Tho cundlo is going out. 