HUMAN SACRIFICES. Mr. J. H. Swainson has communicated a de- scription of visits which he has paid to Benin and to the African chief Nana's town. At one time Benin City was the centre of the slave trade, the Portuguese slavers being the pur- chasers. The Portuguese " barracoons," or pits, were still to be seen at Benin. Mr. Swainson was the third white man who had up to the time of his first visit been seen in Benin. The num- ber of the King's bodyguard is altogether about 200—all naked, and each with a brass ring on one of his ankles. The King received Mr. Swainson in a very friendly way, and also his presents of silk and cloth with equal readiness. 'The King promised to do all he could for trade, but he would not remove the " Ju Ju," or fanatical embargo, from the copal and the gum. The King told Mr. Swainson he was going to hold one of his human sacrifices, and asked him if he would like to see it. This Mr. Swainson declined, and he hurried out of the town, fear- ing the safety of his own head. The sights that were witnessed by the Englishmen were of the most revolting description. On one tree which had been trained for such purposes, a woman had been crucified. This was because there had been too much sun for the crop, and to propitiate the King's " Ju Ju " the woman was tied up, with hands and legs outstretched, on the tree. The third time Mr. Swainson visited this sepulchral city was in 1832 with Consul Captain Gallway, Dr. Hanley, and Mr. Sutton, and was to try and get the King to sign a treaty. The King kept his visitors wait- ing two hours for the " palaver." This was to show his Royal dignity. When he appeared he was dressed in a suit of coral, only his eyes nose, finger-tips, and toes being visible, and so rigid was the garment that the King could neither stir nor do anything for himself. An immense umbrella was held over him, and fan- bearers had all their work cut out to keep their sable ruler cool and the flies off. Eventually the treaty was signed, and then the King in- vited the white men to see him " kill his father." This, it was explained, did not mean the actual murder of the former King, as he had been dead many years, but it was the anniversary of his death, and every year it was supposed that the worthy parent's spirit rose from the ground, and " to lay the ghost," 18 men were killed. Captain Gallway not only declined the invitation, but told the King, through the inter- preter, that such horrible sacrifices would not be permitted in future. Whether the interpreter conveyed the full meaning of the words to the King could not be known, but the King laughed, and the matter ended. The 18 men were killed after the Commissioner had left. The mode of sacrifices was most shocking. A rope was tied round the neck of the victim, the other end being fastened to the bough of a tree, which was bent by the weight. The head of the victim was then cut off with a sword or large knife, and the bough of the tree flew back, hurling the head into the air, and allowing the body to fall to the earth. 