COrïElQIIT. CiiAFTEB XXIV.-A TOBOGGAN RACE. Beginniug -at the highest poiut of Santa Alpina the Greata Run, a trough-like «utting fashioned in the snow, drops almost sheer into a deep gully, and after a devious course nearly a milo long ends in an open" field five hundred feet belo«'. It ÍB well iced and banked up at every turn, so that tho tobogganer in going down shoots from side lo side oftentimes, looking like a fly on a house wall, and attaining in tho final descent a speed of a mile a minute. And then if he does not hold tight and steer straight he is like to eome to grief. Men mostly " take it lying down " and head first, ladies, sitting and feet foremost ; though now and then a young woman with more courage than discretion assumes the less maidenly attitude. Full of life and movement was the gully on the morrow of tho fancy dress ball. Most of the visitors and mauy of the villagers bad come out to see thc races, and wero gathered in picturesque groups at various points of vantage. As the competitors were all first year's men, colloquially "duffers," the start was to take place from a point about midway in the course. Eaoh man was to tan three heats, and thc wiuncr would bc he who made tho best average time. All our friends were there, Reuben and Lyle in correct tobogganing costume sweaters, long white felt gaiters, armed boots, stout leather gauntlets, and elbows and knees protected by leather shields. "These are stalwart fellows, not all invalids surely ?" asked Mr. Coacher of Mrs. Armitage who, having heard that the old gentleman was one of the Fairlight trustees, was making up to him. "Not at'all,H said she! "That tall fair man has come with his sister, who is very much of an invalid ; the short stout man with the black whiskers has come with his wife ; the two young fellows, talking to the girl with the white hat and scarlet bodice, are here for pleasure. Then there is Mr. Lyle, but a good many of thc rest have either * lungs ' or something else they would rather be without, I faucy." Just then there came up to them a little swart man, with a good deal of adipose tissue, a benigu smiling face, made hideous by a pair of huge goggles, a large hand camera and a big stick. " Good morning, Mrs, Armitage. How do you do ?" quoth he, and then looked curiously at Mr. Coacher. "Very well, thank you, Mr. Hopper. Allow me to introduce you to Mr. Coacher, u friend of Mr. Fanlight's." "Glad to make your acquaintance, sir," said Hopper as they shook bauds. " I also have the honour to number Mr. Fairlight among my friends, and 1 shall take a shot at him as he goes down thc run." " A shot at him ! God bless me ! A shot ! AVhat on earth for?" exclaimed Mr. Coacher. "Only with my camera," answered Mr. Hopper, laughing. " Meanwhile-ah, there is u nice group, all beautifully posed. Miss Fairlight and Mr. Lyle, and Miss Armitage and Mr. Fairlight. There" (taking his shot). " And now I shall go further down-to thc place where there are generally thc most spills. I am making a collection of spills. They are so very amusing." And .with that lie tndrilnri lirislclv dmvn HIP hill. he toddled briskly down che hill. " Who is he ?" ioquired Mr. Coacher. " An old habitue of Santa Alpina., and thc best amateur photographer wo have. Also very good-natured, and friendly with every- body ; and he knows all there is to be known about everybody. He and Mr. Lyle are great chums, and often take long walks together." " Anything the matter with him ? " Yes, chronic bronchitis, or asthma, or something of that sort. He comes every winter ; cannot live anywhere else except in summer, though he docs look so strong and healthy. " "That is the case with pretty nearly every- body I have seen so far. Your daughter, for instance. Nobody would think-" " My daughter is quite as well as she looks, and I don't think any girl could look better," interrupted Mrs. Armitage, impatiently. " I was going to say that nobody would think she was herc for her health ; but perhaps she is not," added Mr. Coacher, drily. " Lyle has been saying something. I must mind what I am about," thought Mrs. Armitage. Then to Mr. Coacher : " Nora came originally for her health, but she is quite strong now ; so well indeed that 1 don't think she will need to come here again." "I am glad to hear it. What was the trouble? Not consumption, I hope ?" " Certainly not. Just a little weakness of i thc lungs. ' Incipient phthisis,' thc doctors called it, and I thought it better to nip the mischief in the bud by bringing her here at ; once ; and I believe she is as well and healthy as a trirl need be." I "God bless me, what a liar the womam mus be I It would cot be a desirable couneotioi even if her daughter could produce a certificat) of soundness, and Reuben were old enough tc marry. I hope he has not committed him self, but he stuck very close to her last nighl and they have been together all morning, ll he has wc shall have trouble," reflected Mr. Coacher, whom Lyle bad told all about Kore and her mother. He did Mrs. Armitage and injustice ; BIK was neither an habitual liar nor, at the moment, conscientiously lying. For it ÍB S singular fact that most victims of consumption will say almost anything rather than admit that they are affected with that fell disease. The same with their kin ; they call it incipient phthisis, lung trouble, chronic catarrh, any- thing bnt consumption. It was so with Mrs. Armitage. She had persuaded herself that though Nora's lungs might once have been slightly aflccted, they were now fully restored, and that there was no reason why she should not marry and become the mother of healthy children. That she was acting dishonouraby in trying to inveigle a minor into marriage with her daughter may have occurred to Mrs. Armitage, but did not trouble her. Nora was a good girl and would make bim a good wife. 'What could his friends want more ? The end justi- fied the means, and if people might say. If she failed it would be entirely owing to that horrid Lyle, and she was as strongly bent on foiling him as he was on thwarting ber. " Here comes Reuben and Lyle I" exclaimed Mr. Coocher, "and well they look ; if fitness goes for anything in tobogganing they ought to win." They did look well ; their faces were of a ruddy brown, their eyes-bright, with a bright- ness that>comes only of life in the open air st great heights, and siuce they left England both had put on flesh. They seethed in high spirits too ; for Reuben's Prospects were splen- did and his worries insignificant, and Lyle was well physically that though his prospects were precarious and his cares not always to be denied, he was able to carry them lightly, and, for the most part, felt as happy as he looked. "How. soon are you to begin, Mr. Fair- light?" asked Mrs. Armitage. ."In a few minutes. Wendover, that long-legged chap with red head, goes first. Sewell second, myself third, anti Lylo fourth. I think you will see better lower down, near the straight and beyond the road. That's where we put on best speed." "Where Mr. Hopper is standing with his camera.'intent on taking shots at the menu they set spilt T" "Exaotly. Rut .Lyle and I don't mean to get split, it we can help it; and If we do,- a header into soft snow doei not amount to muoh, Each man'« Urne Ii chalked up OD a board near the starting poit, whioh you will be able to see." As the others moved on Esmeralda lingered. "Do be careful, Reuben, il only for.my sake. It would be suoh a.pily, and I should be so sorry If you were to come to harm," she said earnestly, speaking. to her brother, but with a glance at lyle more expressive than words, a glance that troubled him both then and afterwards. "All right, Esma. I'll come to no harm, Í'ou bet," answered Reuben syith'a-careless augb. "I have gone down dozens of times in tho last fortnight-without getting hurt, though with many a spill ; so why should 1 get hurt to-day ? Racing is no more dangerous tliau practicing, and with so much .snow a spill is really nothing ; all the same, I shall be careful, as much for my- own «ako as yours, for a spill loses time, «nd 1 want to make a record." Whereupon Esmeraldawentaway comforted, and Lylo and Reuben returned to the startiug place. Soon the racing began. The 6rst part was comparatively cosy, being neither very crooked nor very steep, but further ' on were an awkward curva known as Bulpett's Corner and the Cresta Leap-a terrific descent into a hollow, though perhaps lses formidable than it looked. Once in ihe hollow the tobogganer was safe, for he had only to brake hard, spin up thc opposite slope, gain the level and run into the enow. Bul if ho missed taking the corner in time ho was sure.to come to grief. "The long-legged chap with tho red head," as Reuben called him, steered well, but some of thc more knowing ones said that he had not enough speed on, and when thc figures went up it waB seen that he had mude indifferent time, sixty-ouo seconds and a fraction. " Anyhow he lias escaped disaster," observed somebody. "For which he ought to be truly thankful. I would not slither down that hill headforemost for a million pounds," quoth Mr. Coacher, with a shudder. " Don't you think you can persuade your brother to renounce his inten- tion of competing. Miss Fairlight ? I am sure it is highly dangerous, aud his is a valuable life." ~ " Reuben is quito resolved, and nothing that either you or I could say would turn him from his purpose," returned Esmeralda. "And really, you know I don't think there is anything much to fear. Everybody says it is not nearly so dangerous as it looks." " Besides, Mr. Fairlight has entered his name, aud to back out were to show thc white feather ; and surely no mau of spirit would hesitate to do what girls have done," put in Miss Armitage, scornfully. "Girls? God bless mu! Girls! You surely don't mean to say that girls ever go head foremost down that hill?" exclaimed Mr. Coacher, with a look of horror. " Several did lastscosou. FlorricSaundcrs, who was under ten years of ago, went down ever so many limes from the very top, and the Church Leap is ever so much more formidable than thc Cresta Leap." " ' Pon my word ! I never heard of such a thing ; and was the poor child never hurt ?" "Not much. I saw her carried away insensible twice, but she always came to in a short time, seemed to enjoy it, and was soon all right." " Enjoyed being hurt ! This beats cock- fighting. I thought last night I had got into a lunatic asylum. I see now that this is a community of lunatics. Is there any necessary connection between consumption and madness, Miss Armitage ?" "As I am neither a consumptive nor a lunatic I cannot tell you. Ask Dr. Row- land," answered Nora, laughing yet indignant. " Hallo ! Herc comes Sewell," sang out somebody. " Ah, will you kindly Btep a little to one side so that I may take a good shot at him, if he falls," said Mr. Hopper. " There ! I have got him," he cried triumphantly, as Sewcl, driving against thc corner instead of rounding it, took a header into thc snow luckily for him, since if he had fallen on the ice it might have been a case of broken limbs or a fractured skull. Two men who were near pulled him out by the legs. " Are you hurt ?" they asked, as he shook himself like a dog coming out of the water. " No, but I have lost all chance of a good place, and that is a good deal worse," ho answered, dragging his toboggan out of thc BUOll. Next came Reuben ; and as bc shot past at a rate of nearly a mile a minute Esmeralda held her breath, and Nora, for all her bravery, turned pale, but thc next moment ho was running up thc slope. His time was fifty-six seconds and a fifth, which thc knowing on- lookers declared was very good indeed for a beginner, and that Mr. Fairlight would be bad to beat. To him followed Lyle. His time was exactly fifty-six seconds. He had beaten Reuben by the fifth of a second. " That is because he is heavier. Weight always tells in a toboggan race. In my opinion the heavier men ought to be handicapped. However, the race is not over yet ; there are several more men to go down and two more heats to be run, and if Mr. Lyle has a fall he won't have the ghost of a chance. 1 still think Mr. Fairlight will be the winner," remarked Miss Armitage, with an air which implied that she wanted Lyle to fall quite as much as she wanted Reuben to win. After Lyle came half a dozen others, two of whom fell at the fatal corner without being hurt, to Mr. Hopper's delight. " Three spills out of ten runs, and two heats still to come. I have not done so well for a long time," he exclaimed gleefully. My collection now amounts to nearly a hundred. I shall be pleased to let you Bee them, Miss Fair- light ; some of them are very interesting." Esmeralda thanked the little man for his obliging-offer, and so soon as the last com- petitor had dragged his toboggan up to the Btarting place the racing recommenced, in reverse order to the first time. At last came Lyle's turn. A little way above Bulpett's Corner the run crosses the highway, and here men were stationed to keep the course clear ; but Lyle had no sooner got under way than an impatient sleigh-daivcr with a pulling horse, thinking he couid gtlpast in time, disregarded the watchers' warnings and made a dash for j it. Lyle saw the danger, saw that to collide with the sleigh were almoBt certain death, and being unable to pull up, attempted to steer his toboggan against thc bank and throw himself into- the snow. In this he failed ; instead of going into the snow he was thrown with great violence on to the ice, with his toboggan on top of him, and after rolling over two or three times brought to, insensible and covered with blood. Women screamed, men ran ito Lyle, and raising him in their arms, drew him off the run. " What is it ! What has happened ?" inquired a lady who had not Been the accident. " Lyle has come a bad cropper-and Miss Fairlight has faiutcd. Here she is, lying on the snow. Do you happen to have a bottle of smelling salts in your pocket!" exclaimed Hopper, who was hopping about in a state of great excitement. 