THE HAUNTED -MOUNTAINS; OR, COLONEL O0DY'S SEAROH. A ROMANCE OF THE WEST. By COLONEL PRENTISS INGRAM. kutor of "Te Mysterious Man in Blue." Etc. CHAPTER LV.-TWO VOLUNTEERS. TVhen Colonel Ferris read the second communication left by-the weird mid .-ight visitor signing 'himself "Ghost," and. which told that the three scouts had been put to death in the Indian .- village, while Colonel".Cody *and Lieu tenant Hugh Seafordtw;ere yet alive, he Swas more deeply moved than he cared to reveal. Inquiry gave him tlhe information that the sentinels had not seen anyone ap proach the fort. It was snowing; but there were the tracks of a horse to the stockade g:ite and back again. And more, there was the letter left by the weird visitor. The colonel at once had a long talk with his niece, and she was also much moved at the communication. "I do not know what to say, uncle, but I believe what is reported, for the man - or whoever It is-lhas certainly proved worthy. of belief." " "Yes; .but how can he know all this -that the scouts have been slain and Seaford and Cody are alive?'" "I do not know how; and yet he knew Sof their capture, of the attack of the Indians, and in spite of weather that the bravest men hardly dare face, he goes about very comfortably, it seems." "He certainly does. But, Ethel, what if I send for Surgeon Powell, and let him knlow the contents of this note?" "A good idea indeed, uncle; for lie has a very clever way of grasping at situa tions." So the orderly was sent for Surgeon Frank Powell, and that officer soon put in an appearance at headqu:rters. Ethel was still with her uncle, and she !watched Doctor Powell closely :s lie read the note. But she might as well have been regarding a marble bust. for not a sign crossed his handsome face at what he read. "Well, Powell?" asked the colonel. "It is certainly sad, sir, about those poor scouts; but Seaford and Cody seem to be fortunate-in f-at, colonel, I have an abiding faith that Cody was not born to be killed by an Indian or an out law." "You believe this statement, then?" "Implicitly, sir." "And can offer no solution as to who the writer is?" Surgeon Powell did not immediately reply, and then he said: "Let me go and find out, sir." 'What?" "I have been thinking of late, sir, that it was hardly right In me to let Cody and those with him remain prisoners when it might be possible to rescue them." "If you see a way, you can have one third of the force here to accompany -you." "I do not exactly see a way, sir, and a large force would do no good. But alone, or with one other to accompany me,I might be able to do something." "It would be taking fearful risks, Powell." "Not such risks, colonel,'as Cody and those with him take every moment they are in the hands of the Indians." "What would you do?" "I'll tell you ,sir. I would go from the fort quietly at night with one person, and take with me three pack-horses, for plenty of food would have to be taken, as well as oats for our horses. They would get scanty feed it that, unless we could find grass in the mountain canyons not snowed under. I would try and run across Cody's ghost, who is so friendly; but, if not, see what could be done to wards a rescue in one way or another. I can but try, sir, and, well mounted, we would have little to fear. from the In dians, for they will keep very close this cold weather." "And who would you take with you?" "Spurs." "What, Seaford's negro servant?" "Yes, sir; and every inch a man. He is a giant in strength, a dead shot, knows not what fear is, can stand any amount of hardship, and has been con stantly urging me to try to rescue his master." "Yes, uncle, Spurs was with Lieuten ant Seaford, at whose home in Texas he was born a slave, and he has gone with him everywhere, and is devoted to him," said Ethel. "If anyone else than yourself, Powell, made this proposition, I would consider him mad. But with you it is differ ent." "Thank you, sir. Then I can go?" "Yes; but Spurs must volunteer." "He has already done so, sir, and we shall be ready to start to-morrow night." "I dislike to see you do so, but suppose it is best, though bear in mind that even Cody was captured." '-True, sir, and I will risk capture to save him," was Surgeon Powell's reply as he left the colonel's quarters. CHAPTER LVI.-A STARTLING ; REQUEST. It seemed to all at Barrier Post that the stories they had heard of open win ters in that vicinity were false ones, for so far there had been several blizzards and half-a-dozen snowstorms, and if the whole wintry season was to be like that the settlers would lose all their cattle, and the stock at the fort suffer terribly. .To guard against some days when the snow wouJd cover the ground,-there had been brought to Barrier Post a waggon train of provender for horses, and they had cultivated enough land to lay aside as much more, while the meadows had also been pressed in, and a good hay crop thus secured. But all this would go by January if the snowstorms continued, and the cattle had to be fed, and it would be the same way with the settlers and the stage-line stock. Some of the late settlers had not had time to plant and harvest a crop, and they would be the worst sufferers. The old scouts told how in their mem ory there had never been such a winter, and said that only an occasional snow storm was the way it generally was. They predicted also that, If the winter Continued as it had begun, the Indians would not only lose all their ponies and the cattle they had stolen, but that the tribes would suffer terribly, and many of the red- skins would die of cold and hunger. As if Nature was determined to show man how it could battle against him, Surgeon Powell found, upon leaving the colonel's quarteri, after his resolve to go on a trail of rescue, : that another storm was threatening. He was not discouraged, however, and, going to his quarters, at once sent for -Spurs. The negro came-a tall, broad-shoul 'dered, wiry man, who was known to Possess phenomenal strength, and pluck as well. He was universally popular in the garrison. He saluted the doctor, and, having been a soldier's servant for so long, Wailted at. attention to be spoke~i to. - '"Well, Spurs, we -start to-morrow -night on thet-rail of- the lost ones."'. 573 I •rri "Thank Heaven for that news!" ejac ulated Spurs, fervently. "Keep it to yourself, and make your preparations quietly." "Yes, sir." "I shall take three of my best horses, one of Cody's, and one of your master's, while we must go prepared for a siege." "We will, sir." "One of the horses will carry our bed ding,- rubber blankets, and a canvas shelter, with extra weapons and ammu nition, which we may need." "I understand, sir." "Another horse will carry supplies for six weeks' campaign--say, for five--a spade, shovel, axe and hatchet, and a camp outfit." '*Yes, sir; it is well to go well fixed." "It is, Spurs; for we do not know what may turn up, and we are going well sup plied." Spurs smiled, as if he were aware of that fact, knowing;thq octor, who con tinued: . . . "You will want your. armest clothing, storm-coat, and waterproof; and carry an extra outfit along with your master';s in case he should have given his to some poor Lo. See, too, that Chief Cody is not forgotten. The third horse will carry only food for the animals-- little corn. as much weight of oats as he can stand, and some straw rolled tight." "I understand, sir, and I'll have all ready when you say." "We'll start to-morrow night, just as the bugle sounds lights out." "I'll be ready, sir." "And, Spurs, I'll look to the medicines and a bottle or two of good brandy, and don't you forget to..take a number of pine.knots to kindle a fire quickly, and a couple of lanterns." "Yes, sir," and having jotted down all that was to be carried, -the faithful ser vant and friend of Lieutenant Seaford went away to prepare for the perilous work before him. The next morning the Surgeon Scout had just breakfasted when the colonel's orderly appeared and asked him to come at once to the commandant's quarters. It had snowed all night, but had ceas ed then, leaving the ground around a foot deep. Arriving at headquarters Surgeon Powell found the colonel talking to Ethel Willis, and lie handed to him a letter with the wordsI "Our ghostly letter-carrier was here again last night and this was found by the guard this morning stuck upon the stockade gate, and, what is more, it was: pinned there with this." "It is Seaford's knife, sir." "Yes, for we all know the knife, as it was a present to him from a hardware house, and made expressly for him, and has his name on it. It pinned the enve lope to the stockade." Dr. Powell took the envelope, which was addressed to him, and said: "If the Surgeon Scout dare follow the Ghost Guide of the Mountains he will render a deed of mercy, and may aid in the rescue of Colonel Cody and Lieuten ant Seaford. The Ghost Guide will look for him at midnight in a camp at Beacon Rock. THE GHOST." CHAPTER LVII.-AT BEACON ROCK. Having read the strange communica tion, Surgeon Powell handed it in silence to Colonel Ferris. He in turn read it, and said: "This is a strange request, certainly." "Yes. sir." "May I show it to Ethel?" •'Certainly, sir." "And what will you do?" asked the colonel of the doctor, as he handed the strange communication to Ethel. "I shall go, sir; of course, with your permission. Colonel Ferris." "With a soldier guard, yes." "Did you read the postscript, Doctor Powell?" asked Ethel. "I did not, Miss Ethel, for I. do not think I saw any." It is in pencil, and reads: " This engagement with Surgeon, Powell will not be kept unless he comes unaccompanied by soldiers or scouts." "Ah, that looks like a trap, Powell." "No, colonel; ghosts do not like crowds I've been told," answered Doctor Powell. with a smile, and then added: "Then I must go alone." "It says soldiers or scouts, Doctor Powell, so that does not mean alone. You can certainly have Spurs accom pany you, as you intended," Ethel as sumed. "Thank you, Miss Ethel. for helping me out. I suppose I can go as origin ally intended, with Spurs." "I am glad of that," the colonel re marked; and then Ethel, who had been looking attentively at the strange com munication, said: "Uncle, this is not written in a femi nine hand." "I'll trust you for getting at the bot tom of facts. Ethel;" and the colonel took the letter,. and glancing at it, con tinued: "You are right." "It is the handwriting of Mr Burt Braxton, if I mistake not, sir. Have you not that list he wrote out for the trader?" The colonel looked at the list, but it had been returned to the post trader. The orderly. was sent for it, and he re turned, with the remark that the paper could not be found. "Well, some day I hope all these mys teries will be cleared up," the colonel said, and Frank Powell added: "It may be that the solution is near at hand, colonel. But I must start earlier than I had intended, to reach the Beacon Rock by midnight, for it is something over thirty miles from here, and it will be rough riding." "When can you get off ?" "After an early supper, sir; for the horses and packs Spurs has all ready." "I shall let it be thought that you are going to the settlement;" and the colonel and Ethel warmly grasped the gallant surgeon's hand, and wished him God speed upon his mysterious and danger ous mission to keep an appointment with a ghost. When he left headquarters Ethel looked up some warm mufflers and sent them, with a few other comforts, over to him to carry with him, and while the sun was an hour high they saw him ride out of the stockade, Spurs fol lowing, and the three well-laden pack horses in lead. The officers and men had an idea that Surgeon Powell was again on one of his perilous expeditions, and many a warm clasp of the hand he had as he rode to wards the stockade gate, many a fervent wish for success from the men, with whom he was a great favorite, while Spurs was by no means forgotten. "Rescue Colonel Cody and Lieutenant Seaford, Spurs, and we'll make the President appoint you Minister to Hayti," said Lieutenant Emory, and he added, "I only wish I was going; but it's a cold day, and I got left." Out of the fort, over the trackless snow, following only the memory of a trail, went the Surgeon Scout and the faithful Spurs, and half an hour before the sun set behind a bank of threatening clouds they had dropped the tall stait and its warning colors out of sight far behind them. "The storm is not over, Spurs; so we will push on as fast as we can and try to get into camp early." "Yes, sir." "There is a sheltered camp at -Beacon Rock, a good spring, and plenty of wood, while the horses will be well protected in the thick pine timber," continued the Surgeon Scout; and he. set a pace that was more rapid, for the " clouds: were qilickly shutting out the sky. ,It was an:hour before midnight and ih a hedvy 'snowstorm that the unerring Rock. The surgeon hastly built a fire, while Spurs unsaddled the horses and led them Into the shelter of tile pined" where they, were blanketed warmly. Spurs soon set to work getting sup per, while the Surgeon Scout shovelled away the snow for a canvas shelter to be spread. "Supper is ready, sir," called out Spurs; and, something causing him to look round, he uttered a cry'of terror, Sfor there, just within the glare* of the firelight, was the white horse and his shrouded rider ! The appointment at Beacon Rock had been kept by the Surgeon Scout and' the ghost. CHAPTER LVIII.-A STRANGE DUEL. A man was going through tile moun tains at a swinging pace, a deer which he had just shot swung across his shoulders, and its weight, with that of his rifle, not seeming to distress him in the least as he trudged through the snow, a foot in depth. He wound his way along a valley, then turned off into a canyon, and coming to the end of it, halted before the door of a small log cabin, built over the entrance to a rocky cavern forming a chamber in the overhanging cliff. The man had not noticed that he was watched, that there was a horseman slowly following upon his trail. But such was the case, and the horse man halted in the canyon iot two hun dred feet from the little cabin, and satf upon his horse quietly watching the movements of the one he was tracking. He saw the man hang the deer upon a tree near his cabin, throw open the door of his little house, and soon the ruddy glare of a fire was visible, reveal ing the Interior and cavern chamber. The horseman gazed fixedly at the one he had followed, and saw a man clad in buckskin, from moccasins to cap. He saw a stalwart form, a face darkly bronzed, long hair and beard turning grey, and one who had the appearance of living the life of a hermit in those dreary mountains. The Hermit went to cut a chunk of venison from the carcase of the deer, and then for the first time he saw the horseman. What he saw was a snow white horse, as the animal appeared to be, and a rider enveloped in a robe re sembling a shroud. "Ha! tracked at last. This infernal masquerading in the disguise of ghosts shall end here and now," shouted the Hermit; and he sprang into his cabin for his rifle. Returning, lie saw that the white horseman sat motionless, his hands raised above his head, a mute appeal for mercy. But the Hermit was as good as his word. He seemed to suspect some trick, and disregarding the silent token of sur render, he threw his rifle to his shoulder and fired. Instantly the uplifted arms were lowered, there was a quick movement, and a returning flash and report just as the Hermit was about to fire a second time. With a cry the Hermit staggered backward, clutching at his cabin door, and clinging there, drew a revolver from his belt. But all grew dark befor: his eyes, and reeling, he fell in the snow, just as tile spectre-like horseman dashed up, threw himself from his saddle, and said : "Is it surrender, old man, or shall we fight a duel to the death?" Tlhe eyes of the Hermit opened, and were fixed upon the white-robed form before him, the weird, death-face mask, and he said : "You are the victor, and I the van quished, for I am helpless. But ere you finish your work I should like to know if you are human enough to obey the bidding of a man to whom you have given his death-wound; for I have much to say before death seals my lips." The words were spoken slowly, and with an effort, but the reply came quickly : "I will gladly do anything I can for you. I fired to wound, not to kill you, and it was in self-defence; for I raised my arms in token of surrender, and you sent a bullet through my robe." "Why did you come here?" "To learn who and what you are that you so closely haunt the track of the Monarch of the Mountains?" "To bring him to the gallows, for he deserves it ten, yes a thousandfold," was the savage reply of the Hermit. "Ah! he has wronged you, then?" "Ay, me and mine- cruelly wronged me and many others, and he deserves to die." "Who are you?" "Who are you?" was the stern rejoin der "I am called by some men the Ghost of the Mountains; by the Indians the Sepctre of the Haunted Fort." "Yes; ard I have dogged your trail as I have that of the man calling him self the Monarch of the Mountains, and yet I could never track you or him to your lair. I could have killed him and you again and again, but that would not suit my purpose, so I waited. Alas! I did wrong; for now I am helpless, and my foes are the ones who triumph." "Well, I am not your foe, if the Mon arch of the Mountains is. I am the foe of , outlaws, but of no honest man; and if I am here in the mountains now it is for a puipose. But first let me see to your wound, for though I believed It might be fatal when I saw you fall, now I hope that it is not. Come, trust me, and you will find me..your friend, old man." Touched by the words and the tone of the one bending over him, the Hermit said : "I will trust you. God grant my wound be not fatal." "And I heartily say 'Amen' to your prayer,': responded the strange man; and he sprang to his feet, adding : "I can and will save you, black as it all looks now for you, severely wounded in this. drear place." (To be concluded.) 