THE LIGHT.'! RAT CAST NO SHADOW. ClTF.lors stories are told about the p rivers possessed by certain natives of In-ii-, who live up among the Himalaya mountains. These ohl men, it 13 said, \- have devoted scores of years to the study of na- nr.ii ifxw< ruiu force, ivmoh tho rest of the world knows nothing aboil'. Lately a German profess-".'- visit-d the "adepts," a3 these queer Hindus are called, for the purpose of finding out the secret of their remark able performances They treated him rather scurvily but interested him all the same. One day the professor wanted to examine some ancient Sanskrit manus.-ripts. A„ adept went with him to a cave wherein the books were kept. The place was dark as the bottom of u well. . I can't s.-s to read here, sai l the visitor. Ihen we will have some light, was the reply, and immediately (the professor says) a soft, peuilv light brightened the cave. He could not tell whence it came, but he noticed that it had one strange quality — it cast not the slightest shadow. This a story h ud to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learning and high chai - aeter, and you who now read it have no leason for doubt except that all tiie lights you have seen have cast shadows Belief or unbelief commonly runs parallel W'th one's own exp'-rieuce. Dr. Johnson sniffed at thu account of the Lisbon earthquake, yet crcditc-d the alo of the Cock Lane ghost. A man who lias been ill for years, -and failed to find a cure, i? sceptical when friends tell him of a medicine which tliey hidievi. will make him well. t\ hat else but doubt could result from his experience. Take an example : — In the spring of '8SS, writes our correspondent, I fell into a low, weak, and languid state. T felt low spirited and out of sorts. At first my stomach was deranged, lay appetite poor, and after eating i had pain and weight at the chest. I wa3 much troubled wi-.h wind, an 1 frequentlv snat up a sour fluid, also bitter bile. Later on T suffer jd frr.in nervousness and greit depression of spirits. I kept up with my work, but hadalwuysa s.-nse of discom fort. Off and on I continued i"n this wav for two years, nothing that 1 to.,!: relieving me. At last I heard of Mother --eigcl't, ?yrtij.und procured a supply. Aftet I had taken only a few .loses 1 found relief ; my food digested, and gradually all nervous- ness left me. Although I had no reason at first to feel any confidence in' this medicine, never having used it or seen it used, I no » gladly admit its value' and its power over disease. Since my rccovcrv. for which I thank Mother Eoig.-F? Curative Syrup, I have be, -ii in the b-at of health and spirits, "in the interests of suffering humanity I damn it a duty to I send yon this testimony. (.Signed) 1). Griffiths, tailor and outfitter, 151, HoChley Jlill Birmingham, June Sth, 1893, There is n deal of difference between Dir. Griffith's candid letter and the story about tue light that cast no shadow. I lie l itter may he true enough, bu it cannot be verified without more trouble than it is worth. On hei hand wo hkve a trustworthy witness, who wi'I answer letters of irquirv, and can be found at his address. Finally, there is nvhiug mystic or magic . 1 about Mother Seigel's Curative .Syrup. It acts on the theory that most ailments arebiu symptoms, forms, or phases of that universal disease indigestion and dyspepsia; it cures that, and throws the light of health and happiness over hearths and homes where illness and pain had cast uch dirk and terrifying shadows. And that is why people believe all thai is told of its success by eager witnesses. We beg to direct the attention of our readers to the Orange Lily advertisement, . which appears in another coiuinn. i 