I NEW SOUTH WALES FISCAL POLICY. SOME PLAIN SPEAKING. Mr Jl. D. Nelson, the member for Flinders Division (says a recent issue of the " Syduey Morning Herald"), ad dressed a meeting of his constituents in St. David's schoolroom, Arthur-street, Surry Hi'is, last night. Mr Kelson, after a few preliminary remarks, said it had been stated that he had not spoken in the House so much as ho might have done, but he followed the advice oi Sir George Dibbs, and until ho thought he was qualified to speak had simply kipt h-'s cars open. (Hear, hear.) He had, however, dealt with matters relating to engineering, and he had had a great doal to do with the George- street tramway, Regarding the fiscal question, he contended chut the Premier was, by reason of his policy, dosing up all the avenues <S£ local industry. ("Shame.") Mr Reid fold them thai a t'rcetrade policy would put industries upon a sound foot ing, but there v.v<< no chanco of a free trade policy :'.oi;r.T anything to assist factories.' The Premier said that he had taken off tares from the working classes and put tlem on 'lie wealthier classes. (Applause.5. But "ras this so t Mr Reid certainly plautsd the tuxes on the wealthier ehi^jei, but those fji'Mtlomcn passed iboai oinr. ihu ?working people. (Hear, hear.) Artisans well knew that of la!o years wages had gone down from 2s6dto 10s per week. (VoicesMore than that. ; Take the Joss m wages at us per week each artisan. It aggregated about £3,000,000 per annum. It was m this way that the rich men paid their taxes. He had talked with a good many labor members in the House, and had found that they were at heart as good protectionists as he wii3 himself. Yet immediately the division bell rang these members were found voting for Mr Reid and his freetrado policy. The Premier had claimed credit for economy in the Civil Service; but men had been turned out at a moment's notice either to beg or'to walk the streets. (A. voico: " Why should the State support thetn ?") Well, he thought that some time ought to have b-juu given them to find oth'.'r employment. Ho contended that the Civil Service to-day was in a statu ot unrest. Til ere was a clamor at the present time for everything to be done by the Government by day labor, but he contended that work could not bo done so efficiently and cheaply in that manner as by contract. With, respect to the reform of the Upper House the Premier was simply abusing the members of that Chamber. If tho Council had to be reformed, why not meet and discuss the matter in a legitimate and proper man lier f There were able men in the Council who would be willing to discuss the question in a reasoii-ibhi way. If it was necessary to reform the Council it wiis doubly necessary to ictonii tue Assembly. Why, for instance, should men legislate till hours of the uight and until the early hours of the morning ? If they hiid not a " safety vuive " in the Upper House the bills passed iuto law would be even of a mere slipshod char acter than at present. He moved-"That, in the opinion of Ibis meeting, the policy of the present Government is injurious to the best interests of tho people, and should bo altered at the euiliest possible opportunity." (Cheers.) Mr Copeland, M.L..A., seconded the motion. Ho said that tho poverty throughout the colony was a scandal and disgrace to the Government. If work men could not got work thoy conld not get wages, and they had nothing to live upon. The freetra'le policy meant dis charging workmen in the colony, and employing foreigners in other countries iu their place. Our work was now being done in Germany or Belgium. Foreigners wore receiving wages for work which ought ta be done in New South Wales. Mr Reid said that ho hud taken £900,000 off the taxpayers of tho colony ; but he hud really distributed this money to the I employers in other countries. The fuct WHS, if the frcctrade policy was in force mucli longer there would not be an ex pert artisan left in the country. The old ghost of Legislative Council reform ought unt to be allowed to bo galvanised into life again at the next election. Seek out the freetraders, and fight them to tho death ; but do not let them adopt a dog eat-dog policy by bringing out protec tionists to fight protectionists. Let thein stick to their old member. (Cheers.) Air Lyne, leader of the Opposition, said that Sir Nelson was a good protec tionist, and could be thoroughly depended on to vote straight. He commented upon the Civil Service Superannuation Fund, and contended that the action of the Go vernment iu relation to the mutter was repudiation of the most diabolical character. Large German steamers were bringing goods made by prison labor into New South Wales, and the wages of our artisans were thns being cut down. Mr Eeid had received the gold medal of the Cobden Club, and he would seek the interests of that club, rather than those of the people of this colony. Let them, therefore, support the protectionists. The resolution was carried with cheers, and the proceedings concluded with a vote of thanks to the chairman for pre siding. 