THE LIGHT THAT CASTS NO SHADOW. CURIOUS «tories are told »bout the powers possessed by certain natives of India, who live up among the Hiina'nya mountains. These old men, it is said, have'devoted scores of years to thc study of natural laws and forces, which the rest of the world knows nothing about. I.? teri y a German professor visited the "idepts," as th»se queer Hindus are called, for thc purpose of finding out the secret of their remarkable performances. They treated him ra'her scurvily, but interested him all thc s ni'. One day tho professor wanted to axaminc some ancient Sanskirt manuscripts. An adept went with him lo a cave wherein the b oks were kept. The place was ciarli AS the bottom of a well. leant see to read hare," said the visitor. "Then we will have some li£ht," was the reply, and immediately (the professor says) » soft, pearly light brightened the cave. He could not tell whence il came, i>ul he noticed that it had cut strange quality-it catt not tlir ilighett shadow. This is a story hard to lielieve, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learning and high character, and you who now read it have no reason for doubt except that all the lights you have seen have cast shadow«. Belief or unbel;ef commonly runs parallel with one's own experience. Dr. Johnson sniffed al the account of th» Lis on earth quake, yet credited the tail of the Cock Lane ghost. A man who has been ill for yearn, and failed tu find a cure, is sceptical when friends tell him of a medicine which they believe will mate bim well. What else but doubt could result from his experience ? Take an example : - " In tbe spring of iSSS,"' writes our corres pondent, " I fell into a low, weak, and languid slate. I fell low-spirited and out of sorts. At first iny stomach was deranged, my appetite poor, and after eating I had pain and weight at the chest. I was much troubled with wind, and frequently spat up a sour fluid, also lütter Lile. Lnt°r on I suffered from nervousness and greai depressiun of spirits. I kept up with my work, but had always a sense of discomfort. Off and on I continued in this Wiy for two year?, nothing that I took relieving me. At last I heard ol Motlier Seigel« Syrup, and pro cured a supply. After J had taken only a few doses I found relief; my food digested, gradually all nervousn ss left me. Although I had no reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine, never having used it or seen it used, I now gladly admit its value, and Us powtr over diseasi*-. Sinie my recovery, for which I thank' Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup, I have been in the best of health and spirits. In the interests oí suffering hu-nanity I d'-ein it a d-iy to send you this testimony. (Signed) Ü. Griffiths, taiWr and outfit! r, 151, Hockley Hill, Birmingham, June Si li, i8oi." There is a deal of difference between Mr. Grihvh's candid letter and thc story ab 'Ut the light that cast no shadow. The letter may be true enough, but it cannot be verified without more trouble than its worth. On the other hand we have a trustworthy witness, \:\v will answer letters of inquiry, and can be found al his addiess. Finally, there is nothing mystic or magical about Mother Seigel's Cuutive Syrup. It acts on the th-ory that mest ailments are but symptoms, forms, or phases of that universal disease-indigestion and dyspepsia ; it cures that, and throws the light of health and happiness over hearths and homes where illness and pain had cast such dark and terrifying shadows. A nd that is why people believe all that is told of iu success by eager witnesses. 