GEORGE- IAIELESS. A ROMANCE OF LIFE IN HIGH PLACES. By MISS BRADDO.N, Author "of" -"When the World- was Younger," "Aurora Floyd," "Taken at the Flood," "Lady Audley's Secret, "To the Bitter End," "The Trail of tho Serpent," "Phantom Fortune," &c.; [Published by special arrangement with tba \- author. All rights reserved.] . CHAPTER XIX.—(Continued). • "Silence, sir, or you trill irrevocably offend me," she cried, snatching her hand from, his in sudden anger. "The gentle man you so outrage is my brother." "Your brother.! Oh, forgive, me ! .. I kneiv not—never suspected——" "No; for in England he could only-visit me in secret, by reason of the persecutors of his. order. My brother's inclination ever turned to the old faith,, an'd he entered the Roman. Church less than a year after my father's: death, -who had himself 'been of the-High Church party. My brother was a saint from his earliest boyhood, George, . aiid over his . severe . ■temper the pleasures and splendors of this world had no power. From the day-he was received into the order—after so long a trial of service and obedience as - proved an iron will and' an exemplary patience—he has • labored -with a zeal and a courage that neither suffering nor dan ger- could shake. Under an un'towaxdly manner lie has a great soul, and I must needs honor lidm." . . • "Alas; .'tis but natural- you should listen to'a' brother's voice-^^at'ybu'shouid follow'the leading of one you love." "No, George, it is duty, not love, that leads me. It is one of my sins never to have loved my brother.. From my child hood even 'lie lived in a .world which I could not reach; 'his thoughts were given to higher things than my mind could grasp. Rut there came for me a time-— of ' great sorrow"—the 'ted,. sweet voice faltered, and.'there .was.a.'brief interval of silence before she -continued- the sentence —"a sorrow in which my brother was my only counsellor and friend: .That sorrow made hini the master of my'life. ..' There was no other earthly guide -to wiiom I could. turn, for I had. long been mother less, and I had forfeited my father's re gard by one unhappy act <ii£ disglbgdience. Yes, George, I, whom you presumed .but now 'to call sinless—-as df any human life ever passed from cradle to grave without sin. We might d'oubt that Christ was very God if 'humanity'could so escape de filement." ; .. ! "At' least grant me one prayer," George pleaded. "Promise that you will do noth ing hurriedly." "Hurriedly! Why, this step has been urged _ upon me—has been the purpose of my mind—from the hour of my dear lord's death. Indeed, George, vou know that it was my purpose before I "lost him." .. "Y«s> 1 know—because, having lost that cherished friend, you.thought life would be empty, so poorly did you esteem G-eral dine's love and mine." The door opened before she could an swer him, and Geraldine came in from .church,-where, she had been with Mistress •Betty, who was in process of conversion to the Roman. Catholic religion, following her young mistress" into the ibid, and who, in tile dearth of suitors, caused by the civil war, had serious thoughts of the cloister. George went back to his io-curing much disheartened. He could.better understand the influence of that stealthy visitor, now that he knew the man in black was Lady Lianbister's brother, whose authority' oyer her was the slow growth of years, and to whom she chose to believe herself in debted for help in a time of trouble. ohe had spoken of some great sorrow in her earlier life. He could think but of one kind of grief—a love unhappy or forbidden, tevefor one who was her inferior in the worlds esteem. Yes, that was the sorrow his imagination pictured! One who loved her as he loved Geraldine, and held him self aloof, -and died perhaps of that hope less passion,- or flung his life away on some foreign battle-field, an nnremembered unit in the sum of slaughter. Or it might be that, in her girlish ignorance, she had not measured the abyss between the bishop's lovely daughter and her lowrborn lover, and she had secretly favored his'suit—and this was the act of disobedience which she remembered now, with penitential tears; a soul so pure making much of so light a stain. And her brother, the Jesuit, striv ing for the' aggrandisement of his order, greedy to absorb, her fortune into the maw that swallowed the revenues of kings, ;had worked upon a mind too sensitive, prating of atonement for this- girlish error, while enlarging upon the .beatitude of . a clois tered life. George hated that black figure only the worse for knowing that' he was so ■ near a kinsman, since he could but deem him the more dangerous tyrant be . cause of that relationship, - : - The wintry days grew longer.: January had brought bad news from England—the execution of the turncoat Hothams,. father and son; the judicial murder of- Laud; the losses at Abingdon, where Sir Henry Gage, Charles's faithfiil governor at Oxford, was slain. Lady Llanbister had reason for anxiety in her royal mistress's cares, with whom she spent a sad hour from time to time, and who had- so denuded herself by her i:remittances to the King as to already feel the pinch of poverty in her .splendid lodgings at the Louvre/despite the Queen Regent's generous gifts. • George was a nightly-visitor in the Rue du Bac, where a. cover was always laid for him at the evening meal;, but a.shadow of melancholy now brooded over the -little party, and,, save" for an .occasi'onaToutburst of gaiety or of spleen from Geraldine, supper would have been for the most part silent. : - - - - From Geraldine George learnt that Lady Llanbister had fixed upon Holy Week as the date of her retirement from the world. He heard,, and sighed, and held his peace. He had reiterated every plea that affection could urge against an. act that to his mind .seemed fatal-as self- murder. And so-the : days went on till the "eve of Palin Sunday, and in less than a week the lodging in the Rue de Bac was to be deserted for the seclusion of an enclosed convent. Never could George forget that Satur day evening, and the '.dull, aching melan choly that himg upon his spirits as he walked from Sir Nathaniel's house by the Sorbonne to the street he knew so well, through the windy gloom of a cold March. The day was waning when he took leave of his pupil, and' it was nearly dark when he let hiniself in at Lady Lianbister's- lodg ings, where the door was usually left on the latch till nightfall. He knocked at the door of the salon and the sweet voice lie loved bade him enter. She was not alone. The only light in the room was the faint grey of the dying daylight from the low, wide window, .and the Same of a' pile of logs • in the deep > chimney. A" man—the man in black—was standing with his back to the hearth, and the tall, dark figure made a screen be tween the room and • the firelight, and spread its gigantic shadow on the low ceil ing. "I beg your ladyship's pardon, .1 did not know you had company-," George faltered, looking at the black figure and making a movement towards the door. "Nay,.George, there is.no need for you to withdraw. The gentleman was about to leave me,,: and we shall go to supper so soon as Geraldine comes in'from the ser mon at St. Sulpice." The man in black, did not move, but re mained silent, and George felt that he was being scrutinised by dark, deep-set eyes, whose expression he could not see. A strange, dreamlike feeling came over him as he stood waiting in that embarrassing silence. "Has Sir Nathaniel received any fur ther news from London?" Lady Llanbis ter asked presently. "Yes, he had a news-letter this morn ing," Georee answered slowly, while he stared at the face in shadow, as. if he could scarce fin-d words for so simple a reply. ' - - • "Good news?" "Nay, they were—ill news—or mixed news: Montrose has beaten Argyle .and his Convenanters—but there is a Jnew army forming for-the Parliament—and I doubt— His speech grew slower. He could not take his eyes or his thoughts from that figure in black, standing straight and rigid in front of the flames, the pale face and dark brows but half seen in the fitful light. His words came . with spaces between—as of one dropping asleep, and then he lapsed into silence, and stood fixed and. mute as in a cataleptic- trance. ' "George!" exclaimed Lady Llanbister, "what ails you? What are you thinking about?" "Of . that gentleman, madam. Surely, sir, I have seen you before?" "'Tis not impossible, sir, though I have no memory, of such a meeting." • • "Oh, but >1 remember, " Memory could not so mock me! 'Twas sixteen years ago—when I was a little child. You were standing betwixt flame and shadow then ■ as you are standing now." - "Indeed, sir! 'Tis something of "my habit to stand with my.-back"to. the firerv. not an araeommon one, I believe. . And pray, where did this. marvel—of your childish recollection—come !to pass?" ^ . "In a cottage within a day's walk of Ifche Portsmouth-road." Lady Llanbister looked white as ghost in the sudden light of the brand ■that fell and flamed upon the hearth; but George had no eyes tor his dear lady. iAll he; had of sight and hearing, of atten tion and thought, was concentrated upon the man in black. . . "That is not a precise description of any place," the man answered, in/a sneering voice. "A day's journey from the Ports mouth-road might be unywnere in Surrey, or Sussex, or Hampshire. -The road..be gins at-London and rends at thersea; . I .cannot help your'-memory if.ypivfeau" fell me ho more than- that-2'- - In a man who is always pale emotion chows little change; hut George, whose eyes were now accustomed to the half light, defected an agitated twitching in ■this man's upper lip, while his slower (speech indicated a struggle to maintain his habitual stately composure. "My memory- needs no help, sir,' George cried impetuously; "Your voice is better- -known - to; me than your face— and-both.come bacTc:to" me as though 'twas yesterday when you stood—as you were standing just now—your hands clasped hehjn.d:.yonr..back, r>:ciur..;head _benfe.; .and. ^our..eyes.:looking down -at me, wno 'was then no higher than the top of. your boot." "You have a wonderful memory, sir, marvellous memory, to remember that which never was!" "Oh, sir, it was, it was. It is your memory that fails. Perhaps you have paid for the maintenance^ of many name less children in your life." Had not all his thoughts been centred in the man lie must have heard the-low, agitated cry that broke from Lady Llan bister, as she leant with clasped hands (igainSt .the. great.,armchair: from which she-had- -just- ri§en. - - - - - -. "And perchance you have branded many such with, your mark, to indicate their dependence on your bounty." "I. fear, sister, that "this gentleman, -whom you so lauded a little while ago, has ' gone-out of his; wits since he .was last in your.company.-'..You are talking like a lunatic, sir, and I have no taste for such extravagance of speech. I beg there may lie an end to it." "I; swear,- sir, _I have all my, wits—nay, nii&je7;©dirT, commonly . halve'; for I feel as if I were'all sight and hearing and appre hension, so earnest am I to discover the truth; -Believe me, sir, I know you as I know. niy face in the glass. You came ■twice to my foster-father's cottage " "Yoiir foster-father!" cried the. priest, with sudden fury. "Your very father, you mean. What -have stray sprigs like you to do with foster-fathers?—a bit of dirt in a peasant's hovel—a pretty .gentleman to give me-the lie!" -- --- ' - —.. - -r. :.. "Will -you swear—before her' Ladyship that you never saw me till to-night?" [To-be continued from day to day till • finished.] 