Possesions Britain Has Given Away. CUBA ONOE BELONGED TO US. ; According to the typical Continental statesmen, John Ball is the biggest land grubber on. the face of the globe. France and Germany wore especially are never tired of sneering at one alleged , ''earth hunger." Indeed, if these latter critic* and rivals are to be believed, we have not only stolen with a free hand in Africa, in 1 America, avd in Asia, bat we are only prevented by lack , of proper transport facilities f romannexing Mars and establishing a protectorate over Jupiter. There may be some truth in all this. The .British Empire has a knack of growing. No one van deny that. Bat, on the other hand, we have—within the last 100 years or so—actually given away what to any other nation wonld constitute an exceedingly valuable and infinitely respectable colonial empire. for instance.' _ Our consins the Americans,^ and oar old enemies the Spaniards, have fallen ont about Cuba. The island wad once Britain's. So were the Philippine Islands, another bone of contention. So, too,. were the Ionian Islands, .Tangier, Minorca, Corsica, Curocoa, Sicily, Buenos Ayres, Monte Video, Java, f ondicherry, the Celebes, the Moluccas, to say nothing of half a hundred other valuable islands, fertile provinces, and fortified towns scattered up and down the face of this weazened old globe of ours. And most of them we have surrendered, be it remembered, not in obedience to the irresistible demands of superior force, but of our own free will, and in accordance most frequently with the dictates of a grand—if mistaken and quixotic—idea of duty. ' Take, for example, the cession of the Ionian Islands in 1664. We captured them frota the French, after a good deal of hard fighting, in 1809. We gave them a constitution, built a university at Corfu, abolished the vendetta, and promulgated eqnal laws for all and •sundry; and then, after more than 50 years of educational and civilising work, and the expenditure of millions of money, we calmly, and without the shadow* of a ghost of compulsion, banded them over to Greece. It is a deed of which no other nation bnt England could have been capable, and which it is devoutly to be boped England will never repeat. The surrender of Tangier was even tnore deplorable. We held it for 21 jears, and then quietly evacuated it at the bidding of a handful of fanatics, led by Gaylan, the sovereign chief of Fez. Colonel Kirke, the then Governor, . strongly protested, and offered to hold the fortress indefinitely if 500 men were eent out from England, together.with J5,000 wherewith to pay them. But the Government declined. They could, ' .they said, afford the men, but not the •money. ' Tangier would now be concert*! dirt cheap at 50 times £5,000, lor it lies almost immediately opposite Gibraltar, and. possessing both these 'Strong holds, England could absolutely •conirol the/Straits and effectually seal upthe Mediterranean. .. Cuba was taken by us in the middle •of tlk summer of. 1762, at * time when An unusually virnlentepidemic of yellow ilever WAS raging. We lost 5,000 men r ifi five week«> bat wfeetuck to our guns f *nd Jriilmpbed, ; in the good oldsturdy vj&ritisl;} fashion. What our soldiers „ : ^tb 6ne. hand, however, our •-i% :^aSfewheh-the island had he- $nd$be dements- ofgood ^i^oT^Mnent^established^won nrlhioh is" it.Weto8 0nly «ow Ukely td emerge." V national . yrime ^afe the surrender of the jPhilip- • pines the same blood-pUiped gansr, 1 Engenders of that d^y.and generation sarily-become to us. Moreover, Spain ^as<B6undly thrashed in a selfish'war v^tpV^jjtpg on alpaiost aioLy terms.' yet ,, jWiahy ^itora to Westminster . se4ins ste»ngi thajb ' -^meafcihe rmbsttaagnificent tombs in nothing. To^our fon- , it^eaW inMb. Mi fltanbo^p: ^t'^eflkkmiiVM I -TftmiirlrpH We took it in 1708, and held it off and on for the best part of a century, at the end of which time it was handed over to the Spaniards. Apparently tbey got it beoaose they asked for it. At all events, no" historian has ever assigned ahy more rcogent reason. Our extraordinary complaisance in this respect is the more curious because we had previously thought so highly of the island that, for tqerely failing to relieve the garrison, we had poor old Admiral Byng tried by courts martial, and shot on the quarter-deck t)f his own flag ship. Corsica occupied Aslightlydifferent position, as a dependency, from Minorca, insomuch that its inhabitants had them-, selves placed their island tinder British protection, and elected George III, as their king. It was ours, free gratisand for nothing. It did- not cost us the life of a single soldier, or the expenditure of a solitary penny piece.' Nevertheless, we thought so little of it that, after governing it for three years, we withdraw our troops, anid left it to the mercy of the French, who, needless to say, promptly annexed it, and in whose possession it has been ever s ; nce. Curiously enough, during the three years that the British flag flew above the ramparts of Ajaccio," Napnleon I. was a resident in the city, and was therefore,. during that spce of time, a British subject. And while on the subject of Corsica, it may be mentioned thrt we deem always to have had a peculiar penchant for giving away places in the Mediterranean. In addition to Tangier, the Ionian Island, Corsica>od Minorca,' concerning all of which men tion has already been made, we also owned, at different periods, (Sardinia, Sicily and Elba. But we let tiiem all slip- In the same way, and only quite recently, we parted with Heligoland to Germany. In this case, it is true, we are supposed to hare received a quid pro gw> in Africa ; bat it would probably puftzle anyone, save perhaps a professsional politician, to say exactly in what it consisted. 