SOUTH SEA MURDER. VESSEL CAPTURED AND CREW KILLED.. The steamer Moresby, which arrived in Sydney on Saturday from a cruise in the South Seas, brought news of the capture of a trading vessel, and the massacre of portion of the crew. The Sea Ghost, a 15-ton cutter, was recently chartered for the Island trade. She was in charge of Captain Kolshorn, and the other members of her crew consisted of half-a-dozen natives re- cruited in the Bismarck Archipelago. The cutter sailed under the German tricolour, and was commanded by Captain Kolshorn. The Sea Ghost on leaving New Britain made for the German Solomon Islands. It was at one of these islands, called Buka, that the Sea Ghost made her first call, and she had hardly reached anchorage before there was an attack on the crew by the shore natives. The attack was so sudden that the crew could offer no resistance, and all but two, who escaped, fell an easy prey to the have here and spears of the savages. The Sea Ghost was coming to an anchor for trading, and Captain Helsham was in the rigging on the lookout for reefs. The natives, as usual, put off from the shore in canoes, but in his anxiety to keep the vessel clear of the dangerous reefs the captain had not noticed that they were swarming on board the cutter. They appeared friendly, however, and wanted to trade with copra, which is the staple product of the group. Captain Kolshorn was descending from the rigging when the attack was made. It was a complete surprise for him, and, being unarmed, he had no possible chance of defending himself. He fell mortally wound ed On deck, the body, so the story goes, being horribly butchered. Four of the natives made a desperate fight, but the odds were considerably against them, and they were soon overcome. The other two natives were taken prisoners, but they by some means or other managed to escape. Meanwhile, the vessel had been run ashore, and, having been looted of everything of value, she was subsequently destroyed. The captain's body had been thrown overboard, and the remains of the four natives (crew) were taken to the village for a cannibalistic feast. 