Garden Robberies.— This despicable species of theft seents to be on tlie in crease in Beech worth. During the night of Sunday last the garden of Mr. R. Warren's residence, in Camp-street, was raided, and about 30 blooms of the choicest specimens of camellias were I ro ken on ana the plants otherwise damaged, and in some ca-es irretrievably. > t is to be much regret ted that these mean vagabonds are not de tected and punished as severely as they deserve. These deuredations have aroused such an angry feeling that it av ill not be surprising if some householders keep Avatoh and teach the culprits a rather painful, but necessary lesson. The English Mail. — The R.M.8. Ar cadia arrived at Albany at half-past 7 on Sunday. She should reach Adelaide on Thursday morning, and her mails Avill bo delivered in Melbourne e irly on Friday. Cribbes's Steam Riding Gallery.— The veteran Cribbes has always been so generous in his support of tho charitable institutions of Beechworth that it Avill be uniA-erally regretted that tho weather has been so adverse to popular patronage. Mr. Cribbes has accepted the situation with his customary philosophy, on the principle of "taking the rough Avith the smooth," but as his stay is necessarily limited, owing to other engagements, it is to he hoped that during the feAV nights he remains in Beechworth his exhilarating exhibition -will be patronised in a manner proportionate to his merits. 1 o-riaorrow (Wednesday) evening will be the last fur some time, and we trust it will prove a. " bumper" benefit in his honor. The Railavay Revenue.— The railway revenue for August, like the revenue of the Customs department, exceeds that of /»rtWA:.«nnrlinrT mmi'll. last VGaf.' Al- lllc -- -. ml though it is too early yet to give tho exact traffic returns for last month, the pay ments into the Treasury on account of the railways are already £"20,000. better than t'ie receipt" »f August, 189.'. Tlie net revenue of the Customs department for last month, as stated in " The Argus " of Saturbiy. exceeded that of August, 1S97, by £13,882. The Weather.— M inter has again re asserted its sAvay in all its severity. On Friday night there were occasional showers in Beechworth, and during Saturday the weather was variable, the record being 24 points. On Sunday (here were occasional gleams of sunshine with heaA-y showers amounting to 71 points. The a'isitatimi continued throughout Monday, thchcaviest fall being in the afternoon about 4 o'clock, when a thunderstsrm passed over the toAvn with rain and hail, flooding many of the water channels, no less than 30 points being recorded during the aftarno-ui and 18 up to 10 o'clock the same evening, or a total for the three days of 1.43 points, or nearly an inch and a half. At the time mentioned the barometer showed a slight- tendency to rise, and as the Avind was shifting to the westward there Avas some prospect of a return to finer Aveather. We are indebted to Mr. A. M. SteAvart for the above fieures. Calistui-.nic Education. — As Avill be seen by reference to our advertising columns, Mr. J. Lockyearis introducing a new series of calisthenic exercises termed " Tennis Ball Play," which gives giace, strength and activity to the players. This "game has been taught Avith entire success at numerous schools in this colony and South Australia, and partieu lars can lie obtained by addressing Mr. J. R. Lockyear, Post Office, Beechworth. Tenders for Carting. — Tenders are invited by Mr. J. U. Btirkr, Twist Creek, for carting about 100 tons of mullock from the Excelsior reef to his mill. Ten- dors will be received up to 15th Septem ber. Shire of Yackasd indui.— Notice is given elseAvhere of the intention of this council to make a rate of one shilling in r.hc pound sterling em the nett annual value of rateable property Avithin the -hire of Yackamlandah. A statement of the proposed rate and estimates of re- ceipts antl expenditure are open i'ir in spection at tho Shire Gffice. Bi.otin Poisoning by Gloa'e Dye.— a young woman named Mary Tynan died on Sunday night at Maitland from blood poisoning. She scratched her hand on a tin tub on Thursday week, and it is sup posed that the dye from a glove she wore subsequently poisoned the wound and caused her death. Tattersall's Savbeps. — The statement that " Tattersall" holds £13,000, 18 months' unclaimed Consultation-money, recalls the almost imbehc\'able fact that a sporting man, who in his day proved a veiit ible milch-cow to the " higher" class of Australian "guns," once backed a winning double for £5000 with a we'l- knoAvn Sydney bookie, and, the wager escaping the memory of the backer, the five-thou. tt-as never driuvn. Writer was at, a well-known Sydney sporting resort one night when the same man — who was, and, strangely enough, died, a very ver-v wealthy jnan — Avas playing a game of billiards upon Avbich some hundreds in bets must have depended. The pigeon, who Avas half-seas-over, wanted hut six points to go out ; and the balls having been left in an easy position he Avas just about to make his stroke Avhen an on looker cried, " A fiver you don't score !" The player turned round to take him up, when his opponent shifted a ball some incites, making it an almost impossible s'roke. Wealthy mugs are not so plentiful as of yore, and the game isn't what it used to be. — " Sydney Bulletin." Earthquake and Fire. — k someAvhat peculiar case has been heard before Mr. Tustioo Edwards in Wellington (N.Z.). The decision has not yet been given. A resident of Wanganui aa'as disturbe I dur- ing ttte niglit hy a sharp shock of earth quake He, Avith his family, hastily cleared out of tho house, leaving candles .burning. They took refuge in an out house. While they Avere there the dwell ing caught fire and ay.is burned to the ground. It \a-as insured for £550, and the owner claimed it from the Alliance; Insurance Company. The company ex pressly protects itself against fires, oc curring "by or through or during an earthquake." The fire appears to have occurred after tho earthquake, and was prol ably due to the carelessness, bom of natural fear, Avith Avliich the candles were left burning. 3 he question to be decided is whether the' onus lay Avith the company of proving that the earthquake Avas the cause of the. fire, or with tho "claimant that it was attributable to some other cause. Tt is understood that the cotn: piny intends to pay the money, but wants the legal question settled. Southern and Prf.ntice United, Rutiieuclen. — The ordinary half-yearly meeting of shareholders was held on August 30th, Mr. J. Leishman presiding. The reportand balance-sheetwereadopted, and Messrs. Leishman, Ma-.on, Millard, A' ' -A hue and Wasley elected; as directors for the ensuing six months, and .Messrs. Sinclair and P.rentnall as auditors. In moving the adoption of the report the chairman congratulated the shareholders on having one of the finest plants in the colony, catmblc of coping with' any water difficulty that might be met with. Pump ing would be started within a week, and the shaft sunk to 450ft., when driving for the load AA-ould be commenced. The di rectors hoped to make good progress in driving, as a first- class roclt-drilliiig plant was secured. He Avonld point out that the company Avere going to work the main lead of the district, and judging from prospects obtained by themselves and the various mines on the lead, and the rich ness of the tributaries now being worked, all of which joined the main lead about the southern end of the company's ground, their prospects were undoubted, and he looked forward with confidence to their claim being the premier one of the dis trict. Mr. Henry Gore, in seconding the a loption of the report, complimented the directors on their foresight in making provision for the Avater difficulty, and congratulated them in having secured a capable and reliable mine manager in Mr. John Bass. Mr. Wasley and Mr. E. Mil lard also spoke on the motion, the latter stating that the credit of providing the plant AA'tts due to the original directors of the company, the present ones only carry ing out what their predecessors had be gun- Bicycle Road Race. — The following I a-e the official handicaps for the road I race to Tarrawingee on Wednesday (to- 1 morrow) : — J. S. Martell, scratch ; S. M. I Yoxall, 3Jmin. ; C. 0. Peard, 5min. ; E. J. Hickey, 6min. ; W. Hickey, 6Jt min. ; F. McMahan, 6jmin. ; H. Cleeland, Geo. Leak, W. Leak, 7 min. ; B. Manly, 2min. ; ! A. Schroeder, W. Wellington, lOmin. ; J. 1\. Montgomery, llmin. ; M. Quinn, 12 min. ; Jas. Rourke, A. Carwardine, 15 min. R. Manley, Geo. Y. Steele and Jas. Clarke, handtoappers. SERIOUS ACCIDENT AT UPPER INDIGO. — Mrs. Whitehead, the accomplished wife of Mr. Oliver Whitehead, of Upper In digo, inflicted on herself on Friday, 2nd inst., accidentally, a very dangerous in jury, which but for timelv and effective medical aid might possibly have had fatal consequences. Whilst holding a large pie-melon with her right hand and arm, she made a stab at it with a very sharp knife in her left hand with a view of cutting it up. Unfortunately, the hard bark of the melon caused the knife to glance off and strike the right arm between the wrist and elbow with such force that it passed through between the two bones of the forearm and came out at the back. The wound was at once attended to by Mr. Whitehead, by tight bandaging and also by pressure on the main artery above the elbow. This seemed to mitigate the profuse, bleeding to some extent, but when, after saturating the bandages, it was actually oozing through them during the day, Dr. Mueller was sent for in the evening. This gentleman, after applying an elastic tube to the arm, stopping all circulation and removing the blood clots, found that the radial artery had been severed, and that an operation requiring daylight had to be performed to save the arm. By passing a stout silver wire below the bleeding vessel in two places and firmly drawing it together on the surface he managed to arrest the bleeding, and returned next morning to take up the artery. This proved a task of consider able difficulty, as all the tissues were in filtrated with blood, and the sinews which would have indicated the exact line in which to cut down on the vessel had been severed. However, by careful dissection and drawing the tissues asunder with sharp hooks, both ends of the artery were laid bare and securely tied. The heroic fortitude shown by Mrs. Whitehead during this painful operation is beyond all praise. She had refused the administration of chloroform, and never groaned or even moved the arm once whilst the painful and tedious search for the artery was going on. Dr. Mueller informs us that he does not anticipate any permanent in terference with the usefulness of the hand, provided the wound heals kindly without septic or inflammatory complications. Glbnroavan Creamery. — The Glen- rowan Creamery, a branch of the Benalla Farm and Dairy Produce Co., which, in spite of the severe season, has been kept going all through the winter, will shortly be running full time daily, and a larg supply of milk is confidently looked for this season. Good Gold Prospects at Upper Yaura.— At the suggestion of the Minis ter of Mines, an experienced prospector set out a few months ago to explore the auriferous, but almost hitherto untouched, 1 area between the head of the Yarra and the Big River. The prospector has called on Mr Foster and produced a bag of specimens, and declared that he had never seen more likely- looking country. Ho intended to take back with him three men, and thoroughly prospect the local ity. Mo monetary help avss asked, but the Minister's visitor expressed the hope that the Minister would continue track- outting and project the tracks through the country the party explored, and thus afford facilities for mining. Mr. Foster said he would assist in any tvay he could in developing the field. The Minister also intimated that in considering an ap plication for a lease he would recognise that the prospector was entitled to a larger area than an ordinary applicant. Police Raid on Chinese Gambling. — On Wednesday night Constables Middle- ditch and Culhane visited the Wahgunyah Chinese Camp, and placed 22 men found on the premises under arrest. Ah Kew is charged with being tho owner of a gaming- house, Cham Sing, with conduct ing it, and the others with being fre quenters of the place. The police took possession of the gaming apparatus and three bags of coin found on the premises. Glenkowan Picnic. —It has been de cided to hold the Glenrowan annual picnic on the 16th November, and a strong com mittee has been formed to collect sub scriptions and arrange a programme. Hansen Dairy Company. — It is re ported that Mr. George Adams, chairman of directors of the Hansen ; Dairy Com pany, ivill not seek re-election as a di rector after the expiration of his term of office, he and Mr. J. C. Farrell retiring by effluxion of time next month. A pe tition has beeu freely signed by share holders urging Mr. Adams not to reti-e. Measles at Yackandandah. — The measles epidemic, which lias for so long been scoraging the colony, continues to linger about Yackandandah and its vicin ity and a considerable number of children and others are victims to its influence at the present time, both in tlie town and out of it. In consequence of the con tinued preA'alence of the disorder, Dr. Mueller, the health officer, has ordered the local State school tube closed for a fortnight. Watercress. — " Beware of watercress, unless you know whore.it is grown," is the most recent advice offered to the com- munity by Dr. Gresswell, chairman of the Board of Public Health. He is in receipt of a letter from a resident of Mooneo Ponds, Avho states that watercress groAATi in .'a polluted stream' is being sold by hawkers in the streets of the city. Simi lar representations have been make to the board by residents of other suburbs, ft is a dangerous thing to eat such ivater- cress, but Dr. Gresswell cannot see what more he can do as chairman of the Board of Public Health than call attention pub licly to. the circumstances mentioned and its a1 tend ant danger. Tennis.— On Thursday se\reral of the Yackandandah tennis players journeyed to Chiltern to try conclusion's Avith Chil tern. Both ladies and gentlemen were victorious. Misses Dolphin beat ' Mrs. Bingham and Miss Martens, 6 — 4" and 6—4. In the gent's match, Messrs. Meek andWilmott beat Messrs. Whitehead and Bingham 5—6, 6 — 2, and were equal with Messrs. F'Jarkin and Smith 6—3, 3—6. Messrs. Priestley and Samuels beat Messrs. ITarkin and Smith, 5 —6, 6— 4, and Avere beaten by Messrs. Whitehead and Bingham, 6 — 2, 1 — 6. The totals were — Yackandandah, 38 ; Chiltern, 35. An Infant Found Drown kd. — A woman named Ca'lierine Galvin, who had been lit'ing with a man named Jones, recently sentenced to three months' imprisonment tor assault, was seen with her child, 13 mouths old, on the bank of the Black Dog Creek, Kutlierglen, trowelling towards Wangaratta. Shortly aftenvards the child was missed, and the circumstance was reported to the police, with the result that the woman Avas arrested. When asked where the child was she said that it had fallen into the creek and been drowned. The police went to the spot indicated, and found the child in about 2ft. of water. New Insolvent.— Patrick William Meagher, commonly known as William Ryan, of Glen Wills, miner. Liabilities, £452 Is. Id. ; assets, £3 ; deficiency, £349 Is. Id. Mr. C. A. Dune, assignee.-' Filed at Omeo. Magisterial Enquiry.— An enquiry | was held by Mr. J. Ingram, J.P., at the Cmw Hotel, Silver Creek, on Monday forenoon, respecting the death of a I Chinese named Ah Now, who had been living for some time past at the upper part of Silver Creek, .where he had been engaged in mining." According to the evidence it apppeared that several miners in that locality not having seen him for the last few days, suspected he might be ill, and on Saturday proceeded to his hut to make enquiries. On arriving there they found the door secured on the inside, and failing to obtain any response to their knocking and calling, forced an entrance and found the inmate dead in his bed. The magisterial examination discovered no signs of violence ; the body was well nourished and there was sufficient food in i the hut. It was elicited that the deceased, who was between 40 and 50 years of age, had for some time past complained of rheumatism and swollen legs, and it is probable that death ensued from dropsy reach iug the heart. After a careful investigation, a verdict Was returned of I death from natural causes. Intestate Estates. — Among those estates to which the curator has obtained rules to administer, the folloiving ap- I pears :— Charles Frederic Lourdin, Snowy Creek, near Mitta Mitta, died 9th August, 1898, £698 ,3s., 6d. Agricultural Statistics.— Mr. Topp, the under-secretary, . had a consultation last week Avith Mr. Fenton, the acting Government statist, -regarding the. more expeditious collection of 'the statistics re lating to the wheat yield of the coming season, so as to give both producers and buyers early and reliable information on that point. This year the Government has placed £1500 on the Estimates to pay the shire secretaries for the collection of agricultural statistics, a work Avhich they have had to perform gratis for the last four or five years. It Avas stated by Mr. Fenton that it Avould bo useless entering upon the collection of the information until February, as many of the farmers had not all their Avheat threshed or bagged until then, and if statistics were gathered prior to that month the producers would in many cases merely guess at the pro bable yield; and might be very far astray in their calculations. It was decided Lhat all the returns must he sent iny. the collectors not later than the 1st March, and it is expected that about a fortnight later Mr.. Fentoti -_will.be able to publish the official yield -for Victoria, giving the returns for the principal districts. The Bbndigo Ghost Scare.— The ghost scare continues. About 2 o'clock on Saturday morning a constable on duty in View-street Avas called bv a traimvay employe, who said that Avhile tin his Avay home past the upper reserve an appari tion in white appeared, and stared at him over the hedge. He Jiad- a revolver in his pocket, hut was too frightened to use it. The. constable and a companion - searched the reserve, but could find .rio one, though on examination . on a seat near the fence at the place Avhere the figure was alleged to have been seen fresh muddy footprints Avere found. Thk Nkav P.M. — Captain R. J. Bur- roAves, the neAvly-appointed police, magis trate for the Wangaratta district, took over charge from Mr. C. L. Dobbin on Thursday of last week, and. will -reside in Wangaratta. . ' South Australian . Jockey Club's Spuing Meeting.— Tho weather Avas'tine. on Saturday, when the ' S. a .J. 0. Spring; Meeting was concluded, but Friday's rain made the going heavy. The attendance Avas capital, but riot so large as oil Derby day. The results of The racing were against backers. Trapper, who comes from Broken Hill, overthrew a strong favorite in Staffs in the Spring Handicap, paying a dividend of £28 9s. Trapper twodioufa before ran unplaced in the Welter Handi cap.' After the Spring Handicap the stewards held an inquiry, arid found Trapper's running inconsistent, but1 found. no reason to suspect malpractice against, the owner, trainer, or jockey. They- were a poor lot in the Steeplechase, and the fact that Jack Sprat, who Avon his first steeplechase wheri ' he beat the moderate field he met in the Camden Steeplechase, on Thursday, Avas favorite, was ample eA'idence of this. Eclipse aa'hs. second favorite, Union Jack, the winner, ranking next. a Thirty-three Days' Fast.— Signor Succi, the well-known Italian fasting-man, has fasted at Turin for 33 days. This is not the longest period that Signor Succi, of Rome' has fasted. He fasted 40 days at the Westminster Aquarium in 1890, and 45 days at New York in the same year. In 1891 he engaged to fast 52 days at the Westminster Aquarium, but gave up oil the 44th day on January' 29, 1892. The New Presbyterian Church.— At a meeting of the building committee of St. Paul's Church, Wangaratta, tenders for the erection of the new church were dealt with. Only two tenders: Avere re ceived, and there was a considerable dif ference in the prices given. It wrsI de cided to accept the tender of Messrs. Wilson and Taylor, of Corowa, at "£1297 13s. The contract has been signed, and the contractors expect to make a start with the work on Monday! Bethanga Races. — The Bethanga Rac ing Club will hold its annual meeting on. 29th December. A balance of £6 re-, mained, and an honorarium of £3 Avas voted to the hon. sec. (Mr. E. Kelly), whose services were referred to in the highest terms of praise. Telephone to Mitta Mitta. — We have received an intimation from Mr. Craven, M.L. 4., stating that he has received (lie following letter : — " General Post-office, Melbourne, 31st August, 1898. Dear Sir, — 'n reference to your representations, Mr. Duffy, Postmaster-General, desires trie to inform you that the department lias now decided to extend the telephone to Mitta Mitta. — Yours faithfully; John Calder, private secretary;" Bawben Freehold G.M. Co., Wo- ragee. — At a directors' meeting, held at the registered office, Chiltern, on Thurs day, the tender of Wain and Hyland for boring the company's ground, at Woora gee, was accepted. The contractors started operations on Monday, 5th inst. The Tocusiavaal Racing Dispute. Word has been received at "Albury that the A'. J.C. htis referred the Countermarch- Trilby case back to the Tocumwaal steiv'- ards. Trilby Avon tho Winter Handicap at the Midwinter Meeting of the Tocum- Avaal Racing Club, but the race was awarded to Countermarch on a protest, the grounds of Avhich Avere th'at Trilby had interfered Avith Countermarch. The ap peal was based on the grounds that the protest was not lodged in time, and that on adjudicating the officials were mone tarily interested in Countermarch; Wedding at b -aveya North. — The marriage of Miss Mary Ann Dennis, the eldest daughter of Mrs. Dennis, of Boweya North, to Mr. Robert Ferguson, second son of the late Mr. W. Ferguson, of Boo- mahnoomoonah, was celebrated at the residence of the bride's mother on the 25th ult. The guests who assembled to- do honor to the occasion numbered 80, and were composed (with the exception of about half-a-dozen) of relatives of the bride and bridegroom. The ceremony was performed hy the Rev. T. H. James (Congregational), of Rutherglen. The bride, Avho was given away'1 by her elder brother, Mr. William Dennis, looked verv pretty in her handsome bridal gown of cream nun's veiling, trimmed with bro caded- silk ribbon an 1 chiffon, with the usual wreath and veil. The bridesmaids; five in number, were Misses J., M., and R. JDennis (sisters of the bride), Miss -StVa Woods (cousin of the bride), and Miss M. Ferguson (sister of the bride groom), and Avore pretty dresses of cream and heliotrope. The bridegroom was supported by his brother, Mr. D. Fergu son, and cousin, Mr. H. Boyd. Mr. Sherry's draught stallion, Stanley's Pride, has been sold to Mr. C, Naylor, of Temora, for 150 guineas. - , 