I . .. . „ THE tiAUNTED MOUNTAINS; OR COLONEL CODY'S SEARCH. A ROMANCE OF THE WEST, By COLONEL PRENTISS INGRAM, ' Author of the Mysterious Mian in Blue." CHAPTER XX.— UNSOLVED. The two friends of the plains grasped hands most warmly, each knowing the debts of life gratitude the one owed the other. Then Cody said: "See here, Frank, I am going to ask you, as you are not wet and frozen as I am, to go over yonder on that ridge, and bring my horse in here. He has saved me to-night, swam a river with me, and in a bad .way, I fear." Frank Powell at once -went off after the horse, and soon returned with him trembling with cold, and led him within reach of the warmth of the fire. The legs and breast of the splendid animal were skinned and bruised by the ice, and, getting an ointment from his case, Surgeon Powell rubbed it on the injuries, then gave the animal a good dressing down, and, throwing the out law's blanket over it, led it to the shelter of the pines, where his horses were. "Now, Cody, what can I do for you ?" "Nothing, thank you; but let me see to that wound on your head." "It is a mere scalp wound, for my head struck a rock when I fell. I'll get you to put a stitch in it and dress it for me, if you are warm enough yet." "Oh, yes, I'm as good as new now;" and the scout soon dressed the wound of the surgeon scout, and the two sat down by the fire and talked over their separate adventures for half-an-hour. "Well, Cody, your ghostly guide led you by a way across the stream some dozen miles below the swinging bridge; for that outlaw told me they could cross mere it toe stream was frozen, ana oy going by certain guide-points if it was not. They also had a boat there, he told me, and your weird guide evidently expected to find the stream frozen over. But you say that you knew that two of the outlaws were missing ?" "Yes; and their names were the same you say your men went by. At first it was supposed that they had been cap tured; but, when the discovery was made that they had not gone on their horses to' look up the stray cattle, and then that nearly every pian in the band . had been robbed, they .were sure that tliey had escaped, for fheard the out laws talking it over." "Well, we can account for the two men: and, as you know where to find the retreat of the band, I do not regret the killing of the scrimps. But now about your ghost. Who is it ?" "1 cannot tell you. All I know is that he, she, or it boldly came to my log prison and rescued me, with the' two guards playing cards within twenty feet of the door. The guards evidently quickly missed me, and a pursuit began, for the snow over there was soft and half a foot in depili. Who the ghost is I do' not know, more than that the out laws often spoke of a weird form that wandered about the mountains, and was said to be the spirit of a woman. "A woman ?" "Yes." "Do you think your guide was a woman?" "I cannot tell; but if it was a woman, then she is a brave one and saved my life, for to-morrow was my last day on earth." "They would not have dared, Cody, to put you to death." "So I believed at first. But Captain Lawless is a man who fears nothing, and if he was boasting he played his part well; and from what I saw of him I am glad the Ghost Guide happened to come." ' "So am I. But now what is to be done?" "We'il take the trail to the post, get out two-score of our hardy feliows, and make a strike at the outlaw camp as quickly as it can be done, for my idea is that we are going to have a rough winter of it." "True; but snows do not lie long here. Now for what rest we can get." The two friends threw more wood on tihe fire, covered the body of the outlaw over, with respect for the dead which brave men always feel, and turned in. The morning broke bleak, cold, and with driving snow, and the two friends slept late. They arose greatly refreshed, the comfort of the horses was lookbd to, the breakfast was got and eaten with a relish, after which the body of the out law was buried. As the horse that had saved Cods- was somewhat stiff from its cuts and bruises, it was given the pack-saddle -to carry, and the scout mounted the doc tor's pack-animal; and after dinner they started upon the trail to the fort, driven back by the force of circum stances, for in the face of the threaten ing weather it would be madness for them to attempt unaided to do more against the outlaws. They found the trail of Cody's guide of the night before, and followed it for several miles; but there the falling snow obliterated it, and they reluctantly gave it up, leaving the mystery of the Ghost of the Mountains unsolved. . > CHAPTER XXI.— THE MONARCH OF THE MOUNTAINS. The reader will remember that the strange man who called himself the Monarch of the Mountains after killing one of his daughter's prisoners had invited the other," who had called him self Burt Braxton, to accompany him to bis home. The young man submitted quietly to being again blindfolded liy the girl, and taking the rein of his horse ,she led him along on the -summit- of the ridge, the wild-looking man following and leading the animal that the dead man had rid den. As the trail wound round a cliff that looked down into a swiftly-flowing stream a hundred feet below, the Mon arch of the Mountains stopped suddenly, grasped the body from across the saddle, and hurled it downwards into the stream. "Father, why did you do that?" cried the girl, indignantly. "Dead men tell no tales, and graves set people to thinking That stream will care for him," was the unfeeling re sponse; and -making no reply the girl again led the way along what was a very dangerous trail. "Not there — not there! To the moun tain-top!" called out the man as the giri started to descend from the range into a valley below. Without a word she held on, climbing higher and higher, until she reached the top of' a mountain which, ragged and forbidding in its approach, was there like a pretty park a few acres in size. There was a cabin there, with a couple of rooms, and a spring bubbled up near it, while good grass was plentiful. The girl opened the cabin-door, and the man, taking the bindfold off the prisoner, at once set him free, while he said : "You once did me a good turn, young man, and I appreciate it. This is my home and ray daughter's, and I have brought you here because I never forget a good deed done me, and always avenge a wrong, as you saw when I killed Buck Birney, your companion. Remain here : with us for a while, until I say you can- go your way, and you shall be well re warded; but attempt to leave and betray me, and I will kill you as I did Buck Birney. Will you take your solemn oath to remain, as I demand, obeying my will, or will you take the consequences — death?" "See here, old man — jl am not one co be forced into an oath to save my life, for sooner would I take the chance of a death grapple with you;" and as the young man paused, the girl, who had led the horses away, suddenly appeared in the doorway, and lie caught a strange look in her eyes, which seemed to change him from his determination, for he con tinued : "But if I can serve you by re maining, I will do so." The Monarch of the Mountains gave a sigh of relief, for he seemed just about to spring upon the' fearless young man. But at his words he said: "You do not defy me, then?" "By no means. I only wish you to feel that I'll give you my pledge to remain, and that I am not to be forced to do so through fear." "That is well. We shall be friends, and one of these days we three — the girl, you, and I— will be rich, for I am no dreamer, as I work on facts, not follow ing the will-o'-the-wisps of imagination and hope. Give me your hand, boy, and remember I am your father, this girl is your sister— for so it must be. Do you understand, Burt Braxton?" "Yes, and accept the conditions," he added, with another look at the girl. "It is well— clasp- hands." The man took the hands of the young rancher and the girl, and, clasping them together, placed them upon a human skuil which he took down- from a shelf over the door, and said, as he laid Iris own hand upon theirs: "Remember the compact of our kin dred. we three, and it is taken in the presence of death;" and he touched the skull. "AU right, I shall not forget it. But how about my ranch, it is all I have in the world?" "Let it go, for what you will get here will enrich you." "But my men will believe me dead." "So let them. You will know to the contrary; and there is no one to mourn you." "How do you know that?" "Because I know you, boy." "Granted. So let it be;" and the young man assumed an air of perfect re signation to his lot, while he added : "Now, what are my duties, pard?" "Call me father." The rancher hesitated; but again a glance from the girl determined him, and he said: "Father, if you wish it." "Good! Now you shall leam your duties, and Zulita will teach them to you: for .she knows just what you are to do. But one thing let me tell you now — that . here in these mountains you are dead to the world, to your own race you are merciless, and you are to play a part that will terrify the hearts of men. Now, my son, you'are a subject of the' Monarch of the"Moun tains;''" and, throwing his rifle over his shoulder, the man left the cabin. CHAPTER XXII— THE MAID OF THE MOUNTAINS. "Is he mad?" Braxton's query when Such was m..- _ - , OUIltains he saw the Monarch of tu - __ walk away out of earshot, his rifle upon his shoulder, as though he was going out to look for game, human or other wise. ' The girl at the question answered quietly: "Yes, and no." "Who is he?" "The Monarch of the Mountains, as you heard him call himself." "What is he?" "A man without mercy," was the low reply. 4 "What does he do?" "Lives with one aim in life." "And that is " "Wait and find out." "And you?" "What do you mean?" "Who are you?" "Zulita." "Are you his daughter?" The girl placed her finger upon her lips in token of silence, but the young man persisted: "Are you his daughter?" "You heard what lie said." "That is no answer." "I can give no other." "I met him once before, and rescued him from some men who would have hanged him. I am glad that he remem bered the act, or I should have shared my poor companion's fate." "No; he should not have killed you." "Well, yes, I recall now that you saved ray life before he recognised me, and I owe you my deepest gratitude." "No, I could not see father kill you." She said the words in a way that made tbe young man regard her with still deeper interest, and he added: "Well, hut for you he would have done so." "Why did you come here?" "I will tell you frankly, for I feel that I can. I am, as I said, a settler down tin the plains between the ranges. I am alone in the world. I knocked about until I came out here and put the little money I had in ca>ttle and a frontier home. "I had several cowboys on the ranche, one of whom your father killed. He was an old borderman, and I believe had been a rather hard citizen, for when anyone came to my ranche he went in to hiding. But he served me well, and when my horse was killed m an Indian fight six months ago, he risked his life to come back and save me, and did. "Well, he told me one day a secret, and that was that Major Gunnison and his men, who were murdered years ago, or at least never heard of, had found a gold mine somewhere in these moun tains, and the Indians, led by white men, had massacred them a'l." "This man, Buck Birney, said that he could lead me to where the mine was, and so I started wiih him. His greatest fear seemed to be of a weird creature, said to be the spirit of the dead major, that guarded the mine, and known as the Ghost of the Mountains, for it had been seen by many persons. "He also told me that the outlaws known as the Midnighters had their re treat in the mountains, and though mak ing raids upon the trails and settlements from time to time, were constantly on the search for this mine; so we had them to dread as well as the Guardian Ghost or Spectre Sentinel of the mine, as he also spoke of this pretended weird crea ture. "Well, we had got up into the moun tains, and that he knew the way I was sure from the manner in which he led me along the trails. He had evidently been here before. As he urged it, I con sented, if held up, to offer no -resistance at first and take our chances of escape afterwards. When we were held up you were the one, fair Zulita " "Sister, you know, I am to be." \- "Ah, yes; I shall so consider you. Now I have told you my story, so tell fjtoo you are." "I do not know." "Why are you here?" "I cannot tell you." "Or will not?" "I cannot." " Are there others here besides that man and the two of us?" "No living ones." And she spoke in a tone that was full of awe, and caused the young ranchero to mutter: "I believe the pair of them are mad. How long have you been here?" "I do not know " "Answer me one question." "Yes." "Do you wish to remain here?" "Yes." "And this is your home on this moun tain-top?" "To-day it is; to-morrow we have an other home." "Where?" "Down in the valley?" "What valley?" "Call it the Valley of Death, " she said, impressively, and then added quickly: "But you are to help, and you can do much good, and will, I know. I will -tell you what you are to do, and maybe some time all this life will end, for you can do what I cannot, for I am only a girl." "Yes, but a brave one I recall, when I think how you roped Buck and me in, and called our old daddy down when he wanted to kill me," laughed the young ranchero. " CHAPTER XXriL— THE RETUTtW \- Dj-THE-JFRIENDS; Thre was much -anxie ty f elt at Bar- rierRost at : the <£mtlnued absence of Cody And the Burgeon Scout, who had gone to look -the chief of scouts up; The wintej-, ever variable in that re-' gion, was coming pn early, and threaten ed to be very cold and severe. Its dan gers would be added to those of red skins and outlaws all at the fort knew and the dread was that the two partis , , ' «wed in. would get b»— .. ... The scouts were getting fr their chief, and the one in charge of them in Cody's absence was urging the colonel to allow him to go out with a dozen men in search of Cody and the Surgeon Scout, it being found that the two men had not met But just as the colonel gave permis sion there swept down upon the fort a blinding blizzard, and all knew that they must await for it to blow over ere they departed on the trail of rescue. In the midst of the blizzard, when the sentinels were now shielding themsel ves from Its fury, there rode up to the stockade gate two horsemen, muffled in blankets, and leading a pack- horse. At first the sentinel supposed they were red-skins, driven to shelter by the blizzard, but a stern voice commanded: "Open the gate, sentinel; I am Sur geon Powell." At once the gate was thrown open, and the two blanket- enveloped forms rode directly to headquarters, where their horses were given in charge of a soldier, while they entered the warm room in which sat Colonel Ferris. "Powell and Cody! Heaven knows I am glad to see you! But you are half- frozen;" and the colonel ordered hot drinks immediately, and easy-chairs were drawn up for the two pards before the fire, upon which several logs were piled. "So you found Cody, doctor?" "Yes, Colonel— or, rather, no, sir, for he found me." "We were most anxious about you both, and but for this storm a party would have been sent for you." "Yes, colonel; and in spite of the storm we must go out in it again, sir, if we wish to accomplish a great good." "It would be madness." "Oh, no, sir; for Cody knows the trail well, and his men are hardy fellows, and picked soldiers will also be glad to go. We could have stayed in the pine thickets, well sheltered, until the storm was over, sir, only knew how impor tant it was for us to come in and start back with a force, and we can make a good camp by night where we spent last night, and left our fire burning for our return." "But, Powell, what is it that calls for. this risk?" "Cody will tell you, sir, for he knows more about it than I do." "Go ahead, Cody, and let me hear all:" and the colonel turned to Cody, who quickly told the story of his long trail, the finding of the swinging bridge, the duel upon it, how he was guided by the outlaw's horse to the retreat ofihe Mid nighters, and what had followed. When he had related his escape, by following the weird guide, and thus come upon Surgeon Powell, the latter broke in with his story, and told of his kill ing one of the outlaws who had am bushed him, and how Cody had saved, him from the prisoner, adding : "Now, colonel, if we push back at once we shall catch the whole gang in. their retreat, which we can reach to morrow night, crossing the stream upon, the ice, for it will be frozen over by; this cold weather, I am sure." "Yes, Colonel Ferris, we can make a clean sweep of the Midnighters, and get back to the fort within five or six days," added Cody. The colonel called his orderly and re quested that the adjutant be desired to. come at once to headquarters, and also Nick Norcross, Cody's lieutenant of scouts. Then Colonel Ferris asked : "Now, Cody, tell me what you make out of your spectre guide." "I do not know, sir." "Did you speak to him 7" "Yes, sir, but got no replies save a sign for silence, and a waring of the hands."- "He did not speak?" Only when he reached the stream and saw that it was not frozen solid as he had expected, but was full of blocks of ice, and then I heard the words : " 'The swift current has broken the ice.' " "That was all?" "Yes, sir." "But he led you across?" "He did, sir." "And you saw this ghostly form, too, Surgeon Powell?" "Yes, sir, with Cody in full chase, and I intended to bring down the whits horse, and thus capture the rider, when my prisoner prevented, as I told yout sir." "This is remarkable, and chimes in! with the weird tales told of a wandering spirt seen in the mountains, a, ghost on horseback, and'tlie stories of the Haunt ed Fort. For our own credit, we must clear up these weird mysteries. Ah, here is the adjutant." Nick Norcross, the scout, followed close on the heels of the adjutant, and' after all had held a consultation of flfr teen minutes, it was decided that a dozenl scouts and twenty-four cavalry-men,; under two officers, and a-Vompanjed by, Surgeon Powell and Cody, should Start for the outlaw retreat. £ An hour after, two- score horsemen, muffled head and body, rode out of thej post with half a dozen pack-horses, fac-«. ing the terrible blizzard, to run doSB the lawless band of Midnierh t.era 