SHOULD WE BELIEVE IN GHOSTS ? It ia difficult to determine whether the 1 ouarht' of your query implies nn othioal or a soiontifio obligation : and I am afraid the ono as little admits of a final answer as tho othor. Tho presout writer remembers u lady interpolating iu tho midst of a discussion on tho subject of ghosts the following highly original objection. : — ' Oh ! but tho Bible sayt. tuoro vnay'nt bo ghosts!' This, of ooiu'no, Mas besido the murk, oven though tho lady was prepared to quote ol'upter mid verso— whioh I doubt. And some ono, I remomboc, immediately hoisted hor ou bur own potard with thn oitation of tho Wiloh of Endor ovokiui; tho spirit of Samuel from tho bowels of tho earth. Thero seems nothingiu the oxistcnoo of ghosts actually at varianoo with oiirrout religious notions. To concede thoir oxistonoo is to pustulate im mortality or, at any rato, a poriod of lifo of some sort after death. Though, on tho othor haua, it is possible to hold with the Bishop of St. Asaph in his opinion that ' suob inoauti wero unworthy of the Doity to employ' — 'such means' roforring to the referring to tho ohildish, oaprtcionH, aimloss and knavish triolts whioh nliaraotoriso tho rooorded aotions of tho Wbjority of ghosts, proving thom to bo po'8CSBod of a far lower intolligenoo than our own. Tho claims of Soioueo aro no Iohh difficult to detormino. If wo accept uuoonditiouully tho onormoun accumulation of ovidenoo und observation, wo aro bound to boliovo that ghosts oxist. On tho other hind, uoue of our hoiihch is infallible: things i urn not always what thoy seem : nud tharo is a vtwt diiforonoo botweon untrainod observation and Uio soientifio observation of phenomena (though it ia gouorally impossible to aualyso tho char acter of ordinary observation with any nppronoh to finality). The Prinoo of Wales oarrioa, whorover ho goes, a pipe, half uu ounoa of tohaooo, six oigarottou, two aigars, a oigar outtor, mutches and a compass ; all fUtcvl\ into ouo small poakot .oaBo. . This, waa Uosiguotl .by . tho I'riuooss Maud, who, by tho way, iu a very , smart invoutor. 