A GREAT CHRISTMAS NUMBER. JT WILL APPEAR ON THE I 18th INST. The Great Xmas Number of the ' Sunday Times ' will be the next issue. It will astonish and delight the people of Australia. It will consist of 24 large 8-column pages, profusely illustrated, and the attached list will afford some idea of its contents:— 44 The Pub. at Barjoe,' story by Henry j Fletcher. j u Breaking the Drought,' story, by EE. A. Conant. 44 The Surveyor's Ghost,' story, by j ' Spinifex.' 'The Poet's Ruse,' verse cartoon, by | G. Tajlor. 44 The Triumphant Candidate,' story, by Ada. A. Kidgell. 'The People of the Gates,' verso, by E.'j. Brady. 44 Christmas and Contentment,' anec dotal sketch, by ' Boondi.' ' The Cannibal,' verse cartoon. 44 An Australian Dick Turpin,' story, by Lancelot Booth. 44 A Real Old Country Christmas,' story in verse, by W. T. Goodge. Picture' Puzzles. Mathematical Pro blems, Enigmas, &e.; 44 A Lesson in Manners,' story, by Cripps Clark'. 44 Amaranth,' story, by Delia Sutton. 44 Dr. Bossley,' story, by E. J. Brady. Prize Competitions., 'Footsteps in the Desert,' story, by Roderlc Quinn. '' The Pumper ? Pcet,' story, by 'Cooyal.' And other Stories. SYDNEY AS IT IS, with splendid illus trations of the principal buildings of the Queen City of the South. Also, in interesting form, much valuable information about Syd ney. A splendid thing to send abroad. CARTOONS— A number of them. THE HOME, AND HOW TO MAN AGE IT, with a View to Comfort and Economy. Many New Year resolutions will be based on this feature. iOO Tested Recipes.— 'Vivienne's' Spe cial. The mass of correspondence to hand indicates tha t this is being looked for all over Australasia. YOUNG FOLKS' PAGE.— Stories, Let ters, &c.; In Addition There will be all the Usual Contents of the 'Sunday Times.' ---. . ' . They Say. Serial Story. Stage Gossip. All Sport New3. Theatrical Inter- All Political News. views. Special Articles. Week's Miscellany. MinIng Notes and All Political News. Advice. By the Way. Here and There. Notes and Comments. Women's World. Popular Discussions. Pastime Page: Chess, Our Telephone. Draughts, Cards, Around the Globe ^c' Free Legal and Me- Personal Gossip, dical Advice. Items of Interest. Illustrated Articles. A GREAT AND C*JKAP FAMILY PAPER. The price will be the same as usual — twopence. In no part of the Bri tish Empire is equal value given. All Christmas issues of English pa pers are sold at double the ordinary price— in several instances at six times the usual price. We unhesi tatingly challenge comparison of the ' Sunday Times ' Christmas issue with any English paper on sale here at less than sixpence. A LINE TO GO UPON. Here is a fair pointer as to values: ' Times Tales.' now enjoying a tremendous sale, is voted a mar vellously cheap production at 3d. And undoubtedly it is. Many people say the price should be 6d. Well, in pages 1-- to '2-1 of the 'Sunday Times' srreat Christmas number, to be issued next Sunday, there, will be found as much story and other interesting matter as is contained In ' Times Tales.' all profusely il lustrated. and calculated to enter tain all classes and both sexes. Our issue of next Sunday will In deed be a 192-column marvel. You will be proud to send it to friends in other lands. v LODGE ORDERS NOW. Need we advise readers to order their extra copies of this great is sue in advance ? A word to the local newsagent is sufficient, and to fail to give that word until the day of publication may mean dis appointment. There is now only one week to elapse. Newsagents, too, are respectfully requested to ascertain what the extra demand in their individual districts is likely to be, and to place their orders with the Business Manager without delay. L WORD TO ADVERTISERS. There is no need to recommend the ' Sunday Times ' as an un equalled advertising medium. It is recognised as such. It is found in the Mansion and the Cottage alike, and is read by every member of the household. It is necessary to mention, however, that, judging by the experience of last year, and business already done in connec tion with next issue, tlie space al lotted for advertisements may be found unequal to the demands made upon it. Those desiring re presentation of their business in the ' Sunday Times ' great Christ mas number are therefore respect fully advised to complete arrange ments early. ? 