PEACE THROUGH DEATH. A poaoo celostial lies upon my soul As though tho Dove ot Hoaven had sproad its wings ' And folded its fioroo passions unto rost — Suoh poao,o as sloop and. sunrise on tho sea When night's wild. storm is ovor, and tho wavo Sboals like a lover o'er tho shining sands To whisper its swoot seorots to tho shore. ? 0 J Poaoo Divino j gvoy with tho griofs of years, And woary with thoir travail, lot mo sloop Liko some lono barquo upon tho throbbing tido . That rooks it in tho havon, far from tho roar Of wind and billow on blip warring main, Soouro at last upon tho slumbering wavo I lio at anohor; tho loud polting storms And pitiloHS hail of fortuno rond no moro Tho ragged sail of life j tho wild unrest Of fronziiod youth and all its fovorod dreams Oonsumo no moro. I seo along tho strand, Strewn by tho drifting tido, th,p wreok of hopos Onoo beautiful, and momory — a sad ghost — Walks in tho monnlight 'o'or tho wlntoning boaoh, ' Where thoy lio buried in the salt sea sand ' As old Ulysses by tho wandering foam Of Aegean waters, dreaming of tho past.* But all is o'or— tho glory, tho dospair-— ? , My poaoo is mudo with/earth and all its woo j Man may forgot tho past, whon God forgivos. And God is with mo j I aan fool His hand } Tho unseen hand that hold tho guiding holm Through all tho storms that swopb life's 1 troubled doop, ' In the swoot calm of death I soo it now, , And move into tho havou with a smile. , ' My sun iB sinking, but I kopt tho faith j ' And faith, sure pilot of tho sotting sun, Liko you, bright star of ovoning, loads mo homo !Co lio upon God's bosom, and ho roafc. ' The lotus-dream that lures in ondloss quest Tho wandering hoart o'er all tho woary soas Is God at laat : I sloop within his arms Liko somo tired ohfld upon its mother's breast. . And if I start in slumber at tho droams That 'haunt mo with thoir terror, His calm Dlspol tho Hooting shadow with thoir smilo, Ana draw all Heaven around mo, Angol's wings Brush by me in the stillness, and the gleam Of eyes seraphic light the gathering gloom. The day breaks all around me ; I am dying, And through the mist of death I see the dawn. J. J. Malonb (in 'Austral Light.') St. Kilda. 