« *m\ ffttd fi/iLo® IP [?] By ' Gobura,' J! / ror the ULrLnnc I ?- CinrTER IX (CONTINUED) -Mit Jbl 1 ICO Amoiis hi b« In1'' ,--olle I1'''101100 trom fcnglanl th(-I(- llul i'1^1-1 l0 Mr Jcllk0 some wcchi Lice in ildcd note In an other* I c rormnl lPltci from Me sib Small mil Snnll bollcltor 1 incoln Iun Lon ion! It ran ns follo\ — 'Dear Sir, — You' being a prominent SjdiK} dll/en u UHo the HbLilJ ^ Mlc Miiliiib to c » ™ur ntlcntlon to n ntc tntc. c till m which wo no m terostoil us le'sttl udvlsers. Twenty three ycara ago Jdhn Smallwoud, en felncei anUul in li 1 n t in the ship I ngle nml \i hi he ml of fiom Sjrt nya-i l latd He oi his heln io bow- entitled to the reversionary, in I ie t in rral in 1 I cr=onal e late of i roughly estimated value of one him dreti thousand pounds. ' Should you have any Information re the said John Smallwond, wo should bo glad it he or you would communicate with us.' At the moment- of .reading the banlter paid llttlo heed to thin postscript. Peoplo vhq had arrived In Australia and after wards- utterly disappeared, were too com mon in hi3 experience to excite interest. Only, it so chanced, that for quite ano ther purpose, lie was turning over. the marriago resistor of his own church, and iway -buck lii the old folios of faded. writ- Ing, he came to ..tin entry dated' twenty ? years' back of a marriage between John Sraallwood, engineer, of .'. Liverpool, Eng land, bachelor,' and Lily Slipstone, splnr stcr, of Sydney. Now South Wales. This ?? was followed by the names of the two wit nesses and the officiating clergyman. At oiico his interest was aroused. Tho clergyman, ho know, was dead; one ot the | ?witnesses. Jje hud never heard 1 of; but . the' other Twas ii regular ' attendant at the church; and to him, a cobbler, in an adja cent stroct, he-proceeded straightaway. -.. Did' tho old man remember the cere ;i Bony ?- . - ? ?.?.?????- I 'Yes, I remember It very well, Mr. Jol ' Leo. Mr. Smallwood was one of my best ?. customers whllo ho lived.' -; . '?' ' '?'_? i '.'Ho-is dead then ?' . i ''Yes, poor chap; he went down with his i ship the. Isabel off the Queensland coast. I It was a sad end, and I boltovo killed his ; poor wito.' , : ? 'And were there no children?' inquired : tho banker. ? ? -: . 'Yes, there Was a baby girl— I remombor I made her first pair of shoes— tho smallest shoes, even for a baby,' that you over saw. That is why they had them made; they could not fit her at tho shop.' 'What became o£ her?' 'Now, let me sob—' and the cobbler rubbed his high bald pate— 'what became if her?' Ho rubbed and thought for some minutes without result. Finally he cried jut;. 'I'll ask the missus, she'll know.' 'Sally !'. he shouted; 'what., 'carno ot : {mall wood's child?' An old woman came out from a back ? room. ' 'Why, tho aunt took her— tho I: mother's brother's wife. You remember | hcrj— Nancy Grconway was her maiden 1 name, a real bad lot; it was a bad day for' 1 Slipstone when ho mot her; but I will say this for her,'shc: seemed real kind to the' child.' ?' ' ??'.'. ...??'? :'? Tho old lady had a. vast tund of rominls ; cence, without point or purpose, and tho ; banker Interjected further Inquiry ?:-' i 'Do you know' whero tho woman i3 ! HOW?'' ' ?'.' V -? . . .I; ;.' ;', . ! 'Law-a-mussy ! It's years since I' see her! Sho moved ,'i'om this i street.' ; But with such, information to his hand, ; It did not take Mr. Jollico long to locate i the lost widow. With the aid of a Dlroc i tcry ho found tho address, and on one of : bis nightly journeys to tho Rocks called in ; Mtho llttlo shop. . . ...'.. ; So far ills action had been qulto dlsln ; Icrestcd,' aiid ho hoped for a real nalisfne-' ! tlou In Uelug tho means of 'bringing tho ; Eood uows to Iho heiress. ' But, on his ou ?: trance, Lily chanced to bo In tho shop. I; Her dazzling beauty, moro pronounced por I: haps from tho very, squalor of hor sur ? rouudiiigs, struck his most susceptible ? lean. , ' .... . , ??:' I' In a- moment his plans wero changed. In Hi I moment his ready .mind, prompt servant l- lo Impulse, had formulated a scheme by ?' which Lily and her' thousands should be ? i US. ' - :?'- .. * ?i Hotooki.nienlnl mensuro of Mi's. Sllp ?I Hone, -nnd found allliocould wish for tho ? iatthoranco of his design. Her cunning ? »)C6 and umlrklng Binile, her overcharge I' lor the small purehnso ho made, denoted theono absovbiiiE motive of a selllsh, Ig '. Want mind— money. \ Telling nothing of what he ltnoV, no | tamo to a rapid and satisfactory under-' I 'landing with the widow, .who, in consider ; ration of a certain sum paid down, and a i for larger sum to bo paid oni completion ot i the bargain, agreed to further hia lntorost ; In every way. She scoffed at Ihq suggO3 ; Uon that Lily herself might raise dinicul i tics. 'Bless you I 1 know hor; they nro 'U alike, dilvu Iier a tow dresBcs and pro ; wills, nml n Kin Wiii marry the Old Gen '? tlenian himself.' , ? ' Mr. Jolllco was far too oxpoiieneed in : 'nnlnlno wiles to accept such a sweeping ; BBcrnllsalion without reserve; yet he thought It Just as well to try tho exporl i u'l!t... , Thuu it ciime .about. that-Lily ro ; Wed Hie sold btinBloi'mitl. three far liner ; Kistumea Uiim Bho had ever dreamed of. ? '«? lo iho iiBlouluUuiont of Mrs. Sllpatono, sho flatly declined to' look upon tho/glver i i po lblo hu band.. I3ut then, the old lady know nothing of Percy Jackson's visit to hor backyard. , ' CHAPTER X.— THE ROCKS MYSTERY. It Is time to tell what truly happened on tho fateful Monday niRlit when all trace was lost ot Mr. Jellico and Mi\ Uichnrd ?itoin. They met in the private bar of tho holol t « as customary. Somo high words rose, and woro overheard by tho barmaid. Mr. lllchardstcin, who was not quiet so obor as ho inlgl't have boon, tried a bit of bluff, because, 'rom what. was really only un oversight; t..:i bank manager had not his chequo book with him: but the breeze I a '-i-l the} were good friends again, and had Severn1 drinks, together. In fact, It was Ions after tho nsunl hourt- of closing when the landlord closed;his door to them. For oxcellont reasons this little fact did not come out nt Iho inquest. Once in the cool night air, the bookmaker gave stronger and stronger symptoms Hint ho hart taken too much liquor; so much so, that for his own safety tho banker. wn» afraid to leavo him. With the obstinacy ot drunkards, Rlchardstoin, because ho was asked to. go homewards, would go just tho other way. Tho banker followed, not too sober himself, and tho pair wero soon walking nlonu ono of tho numerous har bor wharves that surround tho Rocks. Pre sently, Rlchardstcln reached Hint stngo o- intoxication when ho wanted to fight, anil sparred up to the banker aggressively. It was a short, rough and tumble, and ended, by a splash in the water, and a now! thoroughly, sober man looking down be tween the piles waiting for a body to rise again that did not do so. . '. Realising to the full his dangorous posi tion, ho was about to climb over lhe.wh.nrt nnd down the piles by a slanting stay when a hand was smartly clapped on his shoul der, and a voice inquired: , 'Where do I come in, mate, in this llttlo fhko?' '?'? -'???; .??:-..:' :? . -' Ho turned round to face a short, mon key-faced man, who, with a knowing leer, pointed towards tho water.' 'Yer tapped Mm beautiful on tho bloom-: in' jor. I couldn't er done it better, mer-' self.' .?'.'. ?'.' ?;? ? :- ' Others in -the banker's position might; have protested their innocence; or fled In terror at t.io Imputation. He did neither; his 'mind rapidly grasped tho possibilities of the new position, nnd how it might be turned to advantage. For a long tiino he had seen that his own (light must sooner or lator take place. His bigamous wife,' having called at tho bank that day, haG brought matters to a head; and now this brawl, with Its tragic ending, would draw a light on himself he could not safely face. So he answered the larrikin promptly: 'He's got tho stuff on him; help mo to get him out, nnd you shall havo the coin and I'll take tho pocket-book.' ? 'Right yer are, son,' and as ho spoke tho now assistant ran tor a boat hook. To gether they climbed down tho piles, ana after a few minutes rummaging tho larri kin, knowing where to look, pulled out tho body from under a cross girder, whore- it had evidently got jammed on first sinking. They pulled it up with difficulty on to a beam, and it wanted no expert- to tell them llfo was extinct. The pockets were duly searched. A fow gold and silver colus found wero talfen by iho. larrikin, and the banker took the pockdt-bodk. '. :. 'I toll you what, mate,' said Jellico, 'I've a fancy for that man's cont and vest; besides. It will bo safer for lis if he Is found with others on. I'm going to change with' him, and' If you'll sink him and koep the, Body out of sight for a weok, I'll stand a liver.'. And; the man nodding assent,- he added.: 'Whore shall I flndyou?' 'Tho Ratter, Flag o' Freedom pub, Ar gylo Cut, will find mo.' . 'Right you are,' said tho banker, shali ing handB. over tljo^dead body In tho half darkness under (ho wharf. 'This day weok, or thereabouts, you will hear from me.' . ?' ?'???' ?'- .With that he climbed to the wharf stops and, carrying tho wet clothes. in his hand, walked; unobserved lo Mrs. Slipatono's house, not far. away. Hcrp ho bud to wake' tho old lady up, for long tigo tho house hold wero In bod. Recognising her visi tor, however, she opened tho door, a fire was soon lighted, the clothos drlod, and during that process Mr. Jellico gnvo a number of oxpliejt. directions as. to. what. Mrs. ? Sllpstono and her daughter should do. ' ? . . .? . ... ? . j ?:; :. -.?:. ? ? ,'. ; Before daybreak he was on his way lo a suburban rnllwny station, nnd -n£ ? .Strnthficild caught ? tho ' Mel bourne express. That day, much i to her astonishment, Lily wna told to Jiolp pack up, for they were about to tnko n ijoiirnoy, nnd with n celerity that nstonish 'cd her, business and furniture were dlsr posed of, ' and ;early the 'following'', mqrn ilns they left Sydney Harbor, bound for .New Zealand.'. ' ? V CHAPTER XI;— THE NABOB .01? . ROIHLCUND. A small seriBatloii was caused on ; bonra ?the S.S. Taranakij from' Melbourne for Auckland, via Sydney, whon it was known that amongst tho long list of passengera was no less n. poison than', nn Indian Prince, by name and tltlo 'Tbo Nabob ot Rohllound.' It was romnrked as a strnngi. circumstance that no ono' had chanced to hear of tho arrival of his Royal Highness In tho 'capital of .Victoria; and this In the days of tho .ovor-presont nowspupor re porter hungering for itoms, wns.no small matter ? ? . '.' Such of his follow pns3eiigera ns were anxlous-for.a 'personal view, of tho distin guished' traveller, wero for 'some days dis appointed. All his irioals were taken to his cabin by Ills servant, a person in nn way to bo distinguished, ejscont by tho richness of his dress, from the average coolies who poddlo sauces and chutnlea about rural Australia. . ; '? ; ? .' . On tho arrival of the Taranakl in Syd ney, ono ot tho first persons to go on shoro was tho Hindoo servant,; who . Bkortly. re turned to his mastor's cabin 'With' an arm ful of tho latest nowspopors'. and Journals. Half an hour later, when nono but tho crew wero about tho shlp,! tho great mah came forth, turbaned and robed ? In true Oriental fashion. A beardless faeo nnd tawny complexion; ho Incited Inyoluntnry admiration by hU dignified bearing and stately pose. Without attendant ho wandered forth Into tho city, and after a brief two hours returned again to his cabin and seclusion. ... ; It may bo noted, ns having posslblo ro feronco to this visit, that a trust account to tho order of A. Robinson, which hact long accumulated. at tho -Bank of New South Wales, was at this .time drawn out to tho last penny; also, a post-ofilco ordoi was Issued to a dignified Indian gentleman, speaking most perfect English, at tho Er sklne-streot post-olllco for tho- sum of five pounds; payablo to 'Tho Ratter,' Sydney. As this foreignor enclosed this order and posted it, ho muttered to himself: 'With a reward of JE 500 offered It would bo hard ly wiso to throw temptation In the way ot tho young man by a personal visit. Under tho present conditions I think he will keep his mouth shut.' ... Y ??','. ,. , No sooner had tho Taranaki fairly clear ed Sydney .Heads than tho long-secluded Nabob appeared on deck, and for the rest of tho voyngo was far from seeking that Eolltudo which had seemed so necessary to him. ? ;..;.'.-.? Strangely enough, the Auckland report ers, who wore qul-'': to hoar of tho distin guished arrival,' :,;,d who made overy ef fort by searching hotel registers nnd other wise to -trace him to his domicile, had all their, pains Tor no result. To all intents and purposes, thi; Indian rrlnco, on step ping on to tho long Auckland wharf, seem ed to have molted Into space, and loft no trace. True, one . of the ship's officers visiting Mount Eden claimed to hnve re cognised tho servant in tho person ot a hawker going from house to house with his wares, but as the said hawker denied his identity, and all Orientals have a strong family resemblance' no weight was attached to tho circumstance. CHAPTER -XII.— DETECTIVE NETTLE. It promotion went by solfrappraisoment, Detective Nottlo would bavo been at the head o£ his profession. Unfortunately for him, such was not the ease. Authority did not regard him too kindly, in his own vernacular 'tho chief had a down on 'him.' Ho was never given those nice, easy cases that bring a man intoprominenco and lead him to receive commendation from the Bench for his able conduct. His luck it had always been to havo tho hundred to one chance thrown in his way; tho case without clue that had bnllled his seniors, and that offered the most meagre chance of successful result. It was, theroforo, moro with sorrow thun surprise that Nottlo .learned when ho wna called Into tho ollleo, a week after the disappearance ot Mr. Jel lico, that on his shoulders devolved the duty, of arresting that gentleman. Ho' 'learned that all' Australian ports of de parture had been . nnd were being carefully watched, that hotels and board ing-houses had been visited, and nil without result. It was n peculiar fact for so prominent a man that no photograph of tho mis3lns banker could bo discovered amongst his friends or In tlmatos. It looked n3 thoflgh in these days of universal ,poi'trnlturo Mr. Jellico had purposely avoided the common vanity with wary thought, of possible 'contingency. There was' ample description, .GSOO reward, and n not illiberal schedule, of. allowances for expenses. So provided, Mr. Nottlo was toid' to do his best ns'quiekjy as possiblo in a toi'.o of-volca ns though the missing mnn wero probably In tho detective's back yard, arid ko had only' lo go home and fetch him. .,:.-' ' , - , - ? ; 'Now this ie what I call rough,' snld Nettle to hla wife, after ho had told her tho -conditions forced' upon him.' 'It's level betting In the first, place that the corpse they found and, burled Is the man himself; thon you' may' bo sure ? there i3 not tho ghost of a case to work up, or It woultt not have been given, to me when the scent has crown cold. Run after a mail with a week's start, plenty of money, nnd one of the' cleverest scoundrels in Australia! Why it's like lookliiR for tho sea serpent; that's what It Is. Why, glvb nib that start, nnd I defy tho whole detective force to track mo.'- ' ? ? '' '?'?' ' ?? ? ?????? ? ; ' 'Oh, you're very cloyor.'no doubt,' sain Mrs. Nottlo, putting two chops on his plntu with n banB; 'very clever with tho knife and fork. It's funny though ,'that no ono over, discovers your cleverness but your, self. Anyway, take my ndvlco and arrest somebody this time, no matter who, just to show Ihoso' peoplo you're alive.' 'Whnt do you /know about, detective work, Mrs. .Nottlo?'! .. , ? , 'If I didn't know moro than you 1 couldn't catch fleas. Use your eyes, mam There's not one of tbo pack of you worth your tiiilt, In my. opinion. If criminals were not ns great fools : as yoursolybs, you'd nover catch one of thom. ' If this mnn hasn't Kono away, he's here; If he's here, bo's to be found;- nnd if you are loo groat a stupid to find him ' yourself, mako it worth Iho- while of somobody elso to holp you. Will you havo another ohop?' ..This was tho kind of consolation. Mr. Nottlo received in his domestic circle^ — Jlbesand aneore. ; Ho was Bat: on at. home, sat on at tho ofllco, and tliore were mo ments when ho openly declared, on. his own \- hearthsto.no, 'that ho was sick of his life, ?and would cut the wholo lot some day.' ,', , Ab tho dotectivo was smoking an after dinner j)lpo a rap came it tho front door, nnd, going to open It himself, ho found as his visitor a casual acquaintance who had never called on him before, and whom ho know to be connected with the Press. ? 'Can I havo a few words, with you,' Mr. Nottlo?' ..-. . ??.'.? , . ? ;.. .:? ..?'? .';' ??..' ??. 'Certainly, Mr. Jackson. Will you come .In?' . '? . ?''?. ??-?'? ': '- ::? . They went Into tbo stuffy front room, whore Mrs. Nettlo was Introduced, and re ceived tho stranger graciously with hor visitor smllo; but as hor presence was ovl dontly not wanted, she presently retired, and Mr. Percy Jackson broached tho mo tive ofhls interview. ' 'I hoar you have got the Jellico case?' Mr. Nettlo nodded. , ' ; 'Now, I beliovo I am right in stating that you have about as much ohnnco of catching him with your present Informa tion as Iho 'man in tho moon.' . 'That depends,' said the detective, try [ ing to look very wiso. . ??''?''. 'Oh! if you think you've got a gooa show I've done,' said Percy, starting to hi3 foot.' ' ??'.?'? ?- ' ..' .?'? '?-. : .;'' ';-.?: ''?:'? 'Not. 'so', quick, my friend; lotus hear what you. havo to say?' . . ':' 'This Is my proposal. I think I can put you on tho track of this Jellico. In fact, I'am.suro of.lt, and I nm prepared to givt- you tho Information on your written guar antee that in enso of a capture you will sharo.tho roward.'.. . , 'What, two hundred and fifty for a tip! Why you'ro mad. Say a hundred nt tho outside?' '.-; ' ' t, / 'Good day, Mr. Nettle. Time's money. I must bo off.' ' -..''. 'Well, I never. You'ro a hard nut. I accept. Now for tho tip.' :? 'In writing,' said Percy, and the agree ment was thereupon duly drawn out and signed. ' 'Your man,' said Percy, when ho had pocketed tho paper, 'is now In Auckland, New Zealand. Ho is in company with an old lady named Mrs. Slipstouo and : hor daughter, about the prettiest girl you ever saw, named Lily. I take It that Auckland is not such a very big placo as to make it difficult to trace n group of three peoplo lately arrived and travelling together. This I suppose, for I havo found out that Jellico did not travel by tho same ship from Sydney as tho ladies, though he pro mised to meet them on arrival.' Jackson gave other necessary and con firmatory detail, not forgetting Lily's scrawled note, and very soon Mr. Nettle was as convinced ub himself that tho prisoner. was practically bagged. 'You may count that monoy as good ns in your pocket,' ho told Percy on bidding him good-bye. 'Trust mo when I have halt a chance!;' ? Mr. Nettlo was quick in action, if not in perception. No sooner had tho visitor gone than ho was off to tho odlco to get autho rity to go to Now Zeuland. With the ro membianeo of tho reward In his mind ho resolved to toll just as llttlo as possible of. what ho knew. A cablegram to tho Auckland pollco might doubtless eauso the Immediate urrost of the fugitive; thon good-byo, so fnr as ho (Nettle) was eon corncd, to the £500, besldos all tho kudos of a sinart capture^ Ho munngod, ns ho thought very cleverly, to avoid this danger, and the following day, tho necessary docu ments having been prepared, ho took pas sago for Auckland. He had throo charges against his probable prisoner— bigamy, ombostzlfliheut; and suspected murdoi-. Whtlo his first two cases were strong onough, the third, ha 'was bound to admit; looked vory weak. It is truo Jollleo was last soqn in nichardslein's company, and tho corpse woro that ^gentleman's cont an« vcs'.; but there practically was an end ot the ovlilonco. Being both drunk they might hnvo changed. clothos with the strango cn prlco which so often possesses men in thnt slate; also, tho very fact of tho banker's clothes being found on Iho dead man might tend to discredit a charge of murder; for In n mnn ro shrewd It was absurd to sup poso ho would knowingly leave such n trace behind him. Thon also tho flight,. 'taken In conjunction with tho 'illanppoarnhco or Richnrdfltoin. and which looked so suspi cious, was fully accounted for by tho dis covery of hor position by the bigamous wife. ? -.-...- - In fact, In the absence of direct evidence thoro was nothing to show ; that Rlchard steln, who could not swim, had not acci dentally fallen .into tho wntor. So that, on rodecllon, tho dotectivo lO3t faith In his murder charge, nnd confined his bope3 to tho lesser offences. ?'? , - i CHAPTER XIII.— HOW TO TRAVEL ? WITHOUT CAPITAL. Percy Jaokson's'lucky slnr wns in tho decline Ho had soon tho dotoctivp off by \- tho boat, and was hoplnc 'day by day by somo happy tluko of fortune to raise sufll plent capital to follow him. Ho had al ready tried In various wnys to work his passago, but at this time there was such a. rush of gold-seekers to Klondykc, . taking Now Zealand on route, that ovory ship was crowded with paying passongorB, and his proposal was hot oven entertained. Yot, as ho thought of it, tho idea of Lily, tinder the control of tho unprincipled 'Jellico mad dened him. And oven if this man was captured, as ho hoped, would not tho two women bo left stranded In a strango coun try to undergo all kinds of posslblo priva tions? Not that ho worried much about Mrs. Sllpstono. That lady ho felt sure -was quite ablo to take caro of herself, and also qulto capable ho thought of sacrificing Lily to suit hor own ends. His first purpose had boon to wait quiet ly In Sydney for tho -arrest of tho banker, obtnln his half of tho roward,. then find Lily, and be, ns the story books say, 'hap- py over afterwards.' ' :,. . . :'. ?'..-'. But ns. throe days passed, after the tclo graphed arrival at Auckland of the detec tive's boat, and no news came of the arrest, Poroy could stand the siraln. of suspense no longer. It chanced that at nn. hotel bar In Sussox-streot, where he wasaccus t'omed to go for his nlght-cnp, ho had got into conversation with the boatswain of a Now Zealand steamer, and over a friendly glass he stated his trouble, saying Hint Ills itirl had been carried oil to Auckland, and ho was bound to follow if ho could only -find away. ' ?; ; ; Nearly all sailor mert' nro kind-hearted, and when it Is a case of the sex, more than .kind; ' . ' - . ,.:?' :?;: 'I tell you what it is; mnto; I risk my billot—the company is very strict— but If you; como on board when I tell you; I'll stow you where you won't, bo found till wo nro out of port. You may havo to go to gaol : at Iho other end. The skipper's pretty rough, he's been' had so often, but you'll havo to chance thnt.' 'Porcy closed with tho proposal without .hesitation. It seemed to him llko tho fin ger' of Providenco strotchod out to help him forward, and the next night found him snugly concealed amidst ropos nnd sails in the dark recesses of tho forehatch of the S.S. Plcton. Ho henrd the tramp1 of feet overhead, the shouts aboard, tho fccblo echo from tho wharf, and presently the throB, throb, throb of tho screw shaft ns It drovo the ship nlong. His situation was stuffy, and in utter dnrkness, though otherwise not uncomfortable, tor he had the calm satisfaction that every moment was draw Ing him closer to Lily, and In calm con tent ho dozed off to sleep. Wheu he awoke he thought it must bo morning, for ho could hear the sailors holystoning thedeck.andho know what that meant from previous experience. Perhnpo by the action of his friend the boatswalu ho found the hatchway above him partly opened, as previously advised. He crept towards it and climbed up without diffi culty into tho sailors' forecastle cabin. '. 'Hullo, mate! What's your little game?' Inquired a burly seaman who was seated by his bunk working an antimacassar In Berlin wool. . ? 'I want to work my passage,' said Percy promptly. ' :' ? '? 'You do, do you. Thoskipper will hnvo. a word to say about that. Come forward along a'me.' ? . ? . : Tho sailor rose as he spoke to leave the forecastle but paused again: 'Here,' take a sup o' that, lad,' and ho handed -Percy a mug of hot coffee. . . ' : The seaman Ignored Percy's thanks, nnd, tho drink finished, they walked together to the poop dock till they came to a flory whlskered gentleman in uniform. 'A stowaway, sir!' was tho sailor's brief report. 'Like your damned impudence, young follow!' and the skipper turned with blazing eyes on Percy. 'Do you know It's robbery, daylight robbery? We're bound to feed you, and what is that but stealing our food?., But by the piper- that. played boforo Moses, you shall pay for it in Auck land gaol. This sort of thing must be stop pod, or I'll know the reason1 why.' 'I'll do any kind of work you like to put mo to. I'm hard up, or, of course, I'd have -paid my passage. My sweetheart's been taken against her will off to Now Zealand, and I wns bound to go after hor, and could not help myself.' 'What's that to do with me or the com pany?' said the captain: 'Here, bo'sun!' and ho called Percy's acquaintance, 'put this stownway at brass worlc, and keep him at It.' . ' 'Heigh! heigh! sir!' Thereupon Percy was provided with ma-, torials for cleaning brass, and set to worn on tho fittings nnd ornnmentation of tho ship, and his friend having given him e. fow hlnls how to go about It, set Industri ously to work, particularly on such parts as wore likely to catch tho captain's eye. Ho had spoken of his sweetheart designed ly, having seen how It had effected the boatswain, and he was hopeful by showing himself Industrious to avert tho contingent sojourn In Auckland gaol. CHAPTER XIV.— ON THE TRACK. On his arrival at Aucklnnd Mr. Nettlo did not communicate with the local police; confident that tho gnmo was in his hand, he started out on personal investigation. Ho quickly concluded that it would be easier to follow up the track of tho two women than that of the mnn. They would bo moro notlcod. might even hnvo retained their proper names, nnd besides, he Jmcw Iho time of their arrival. So far the dotectlve's reasoning was pro bably sound. What lie neglected to re member wns Ihat the movements of the women would almost certainly bo directed by Instructions from tho mnn, who wns not ono to have left an easy nnd open trail. Thus It came about that tbo olid of Mr. Nettle's iirst day's labor was tho discovery that Mrs. Sllpstono and hor daughter, after tho slightest possible stay in Auckland, had dopnrted by nnntlior Btcnmor for Wol llngtoi!. Rubbing his hands at his 'cute ness, off Mr. Nettlo started In chase, nnd arriving In duo course nt Wellington, he speiit.-,a couple of days .hunting hotels nnd boarding-houses, only to find that the la dles had departed by train for tho first station on tho lino. 'Trapped at last!' ho said to himself, as ho was driven out in a fly. But ho spnlco too soon. After another delay ho found that the ladles had ro-booked lit the station fop tho next following. In fact, tho rosult.or a week's hunting only found him stranded nt a wild New Zealand township away back in tho pine forests; for nt no lime wns ho left a clue that would carry him moro than a fow lnllca. Then ho hail- to lenvo his train and lose it whllo seeking fresh Indications; and train:; being Infrequent lie nmda slow progress. One thing ho was (lulek to discover — tho wonion wero still alone, and wero evidently hiding . their tracks bororo joining the banker. This being the case, Mr. Nettlo continued to rub his hnnds, quite sntisilod to follow them to tho final destination. But from tills hist stopping place he found ho had to tnko the conch in wot weather and on such roads ns only Now Zealand can boast. It wns a wenry journoy, and brought him flnnlly to another railway station, whoru ho progressed ns before, station by station, with tho, Indies always onslly Idenilfled by description In. front of him., Whllo tho dotectivo wns running over the back country of tho North 'Island, an ovont transpired In Auckland of some con cern to him. The Rev. Ollvebranch, D.D., a well-known cleric, was travelling, doiyn Queen-street, Auckland, when ho thought ho recognised In a passer-by an old Syd ney acquaintance of tho conference lately hold there. 'How do you do, Mr. Jollico?' ho said, holding out his hand in friendly welcome. 'I'm afraid you've made a mistake, sir, my name Is Smith,' replied the strnnger briefly as ho passed on, 'W6U, I'm d — blessed!' exclaimed tho D.D. as ho returned to his hotel, for: ho was only a visitor In Auckland himself, (ind to, such an extent did tho incident move. him that ho related it at tho dln Ing-tnblo to somo follow boarders. When ho mentioned the name of Jellico, a lis tener interrupted him: i 'Of, course, ho would not recognise you. Don't you know by tho papors he is nn nbscondor charged with all sorts of crimes, and (hero is a roward, I believe,' for his ar rost?' ? '. -. ? ..? 'Dear me! dear mo! You don't say so.' How dreadful. I should never have be lioved it. And such a prayerful man, so earnest In good works.' So said tho Rev. Ollyobrarioh, D.D. But his late informnnt, on second thoughts, was sorry ho had spo ken. At any. rate, he. would try and take tho first advantage of his Information, and, leaving the table, hurriedly made his way to the pollco station with his story. . Tho. .flrBt action, of tho Auckland police authorities was to cable to Ihoso of Syd ney: 'Jolllco reported seen In this city. What instructions?' ' ., This is how It came about that Mr. Net tle, after following his clue back to Auck land again, when, ns usual, It -was lost for a time, called at an address agreed on for his mall, and found togother with h letter from -his wife this cable from his chief: 'Aro you alivo? Jellico seen in Auck land yesterday. Local pollco instructed.' It was, a regular knock-down blow; not only wns he likely after all his labor to mls3 his prisoner, but others would reap the roward. And what chance had he in Auckland with the local forco once they wero on the scent? It took three nob blors straight of tho local whisky' to restore tone to his shattered nerves. Then ho' said to himself: ''Never givo up, Nettle,- old man; you'ro a bull dog,, that's what you aroj a fair sticker. Luck Is against you; but ovon luck may bo caught if you hunt long onough.' Buoyed- up wltii- this thought, :he return? ed to the railway terminus and commenced to question the cab drivers as to the fares taken from the station on tho night of the arrival of the two ladles. It was a slow business. He found it was true that they had taken a cab, but ho had to wait some hours for the return of the cab. driver, who chanced to bo away with a fare. And It wns late at night when ho at lost learned that tho two ladies and their faaggago had been left at a prlvato house in Onehunga. Thoro was no help for it but to wait till morning. Mr.Nottle's hotel was close/to tho wharf, and tho. first person he' mot on stepping into tho street after a before day light breakfast was ? CHAPTER XV.— SO NEAR AND YET ' ' SO FAR. Percy Jackson had a pleasant trip enough across tho Tasman Sea. Ho mossed wlta the sailors; but the fare, though roughly served, loft nothing for a young nnd hearty appetite to complain of, qnd bis friend tho boatswain looked after his interest. Ho was not much tnken with his occupation, brass cleaning having few attractions, still he stuck to it manfully, and as the mate did not swear nt him more than half a dozen times a day, the crew said that ofil cer mii3t have taken quite a liking to him. Thoy had rounded the North Cape, nna wero passing Barrier Island when they met an outward-bound steamer. Percy hardly required telling that she was bound for San Francisco, her decks were so crowded with passengers. As thoy canio nbreast, and so close, a biscuit might havo been thrown from ship to ship, there wna wild cheering on both sides. Not that tho passengers know each other, or wero con cerned In each other's affairs, but with tho instinct of gold-seeking crowds, or, for that matter, any kind of crowd. A beautiful young lady sitting in a loungs ciiair on the upper deck of tbo outward bound was almost alone in her passive re gard of tho passing ship. Stay! sho sees ii familiar face there, or thinks sho does. Her eyes brighten, and presently the sound of a foghorn whistle blows a well-known fan-fare over thn water. A young man waves his hat. She is cerlnln; Jumps. lo her feet excitedly, and waves hor dainty handkerchief in frantic waves. This causes Percy, for ho it wns, to re blow hlsdiiibbllcwhtstlonnd jump about tho deck excitedly, but his raovemont was sud denly arrested by a sad nnd nionuing voice that seemed familiar. Looking down on tho lower deck ho beheld a Chinaman, who hnd apparently como out of the fore cabin for the first time during tho voyage, and who was now, from above tho bulwarks, apos trophizing Iho passing ship: 'Woffor you go away mi Hlie gel, wof for?'1 Ho soemod to tako the waving handker chief on tho other steamer as a reply to his inquiry, for In his turn ho pulled out a yellow silk wrap and waved it as a flag triumphantly. 'Well, I nover!' said Percy, 'if that nln't tho old vegetable Chow.' Tho red-benrded skipper on the bridge was a silent witness to the Interchnngn of greetings between his stownway nnd the fair passenger on tho passing ship, nnd ho had also noted the evident willingness of Percy to do his best in ,the way of -brass work. Acting togothor these episodes may have influenced his conduct, for before tho stoamor moored to tho Auckland wharf he called Jackson to him. . ' 1 'Now,- young fellow* I've a good mind to glvo you In' charge of the water police, but as you aro young nnd seem willing I'll lot you- off this time. But by tho Lord Harry If over I catch another I'll clap him in irons In tho blnckholo. Ashoro with you, now.' With thlB ho put half a sovereign in Percy's hand, nnd turned to his work on tho bridge. ' Notwithstanding that so far Lily hnd es caped him, Percy felt at tho momont a glow of fiorco exultation.. Ills soul had re volted against the idea of a prison cell, though ho hnd been buoyed up by the cheery words of tho boatswain 'that tho old man was bettor than his word,' nnd 'that he hnd. only to buckle to and show ho was willing and nothing would be done.' Still, there was always tho doubt, and not till his mind was finally relieved did ho realise how heavily It had weighed. Ho stepped jauntily up tho wharf whist ling in lightness of heart, and almost tho first porson he met in Queen-street In the cold of early morning wns Mr. Nettle. ? 'Hullo, old man! No luck?' Inquired Percy, jauntily. 'Whero do you spring from, Mr. Jack son? Thought you were in Sydney.' .' 'Tired of waiting for you to-do some thing, and thought I'd tako a hand.' 'You?' said the detective with a shade ot contempt. 'Well, hnvo you got him then?' said Percy, not In the least offended. 'No! But I'm going to put hands on all three of them thin, morning; tracked them last night.' 'Well, I'm afraid you'll be lato for din ner.' ?'-. ? ,' ? ' ;? -'... 'How is thnt?' ?-'.'.'..' '?'.?.' 'They nro off the North Cape by this time.' ' ? ??. ''?.?. ?'Not posslblo!' 'It's certain. I saw them with my own eyes as our ship pa3sed theirs off the Bar rlor. You've- been to sleep, Mr. Nettle. I'm nrrald I may whistle, for that two fifty.' ,'..'?.- 'Well, I'm damned!' exclaimed Mr. Nettle, slowly, repeating tho ejaculation several times; and collapsing moro utterly than ho had on receipt of tho cablegram from Sydney. Ho tried three nip3 of Scotch this time and they brought him the mengro consolation that at least the local police had. been no wiser than himself. 'What'woro they about not to havo wat ched tho steamer's passengers? A lot of dunderheads! If ho hnd his way ho would sack tho wholo lot.' Onco moro himsolf, the detective, wait ing till business hours, took his way to the oflico of the shipping company, whore ho learned thnt Mrs. Slipstone and daughter had booked passages for San Francisco. Joliico's name he did not expect to finrt, but he hnd no doubt It was concealed under ono of the long list of male cognomens, be sides, he hnd Jackson's assuranco that he hud seen him on board ns the ships passed. Tho detectlvo was on the horns of a di lemma. He must report homo at once. But how report? If ho said his man had escaped him, and sailed for tho States, ho would doubtless be recalled, and return a discredited man. Recalled,' because neither his papers or tho charges he could bring wore enough for extradition in San Fran cisco. But a second course lay open to him. He .had no assurance of tho destination o£ the fugitives; all the world was going to Klondyke. Why not they? Klomlyke was Canadian territory, where tho form ot ex tradition was ns easy ns in New Zealand. What It he claimed that his man had gone there? He would probably be sent on, and the glory of tho arrest be only increased by the delay. To think was to act. And a cablegram to tliat effect was duly des patched for Sydney. Tho answer was prompt and laconic, and was comprised in a single word — 'Go!' (To be Continued.) 'YOU SINK HIM AND KEEP THE BODY OUT OF SIGHT FOR A WEEK, AND I'LL STAND A FIVER,' SAID T1113 BANKER. 