Magic Around the World. À CONJUBEtt WHO TRAVELLED AND SWOPPED TRICKS. ' I believe that animals are super- stitious-that is, have fears of the unknown that correspond quite closely to our own terror of ghosts and such things, but man is the only being on this planet who takes advantage of superstition or credulity in order to Humbug bis fellows,' said a travelling magician who had just returned from a trip round tbe world. ' livery land bas its humbugs and every tribe its medicine maD. I have been all over tbe world and have studied conjuring, juggling, illusion, wherever I had gone. . When I started out I had all the lore of the white magicians at my fingers' end, but I found that that was not by any means enough to enable me to graduate in tbe great university of tba world. * I found Indian medicine men and . African bushmen and Hindoo fakirs who could do things that seemed supernatural beyond all peradventure, and to this day I cannot explain how some of these things were done. ' In Bechuanaland I mot an old witcb.doctor who puzzled me com- pletely. I was with a hunting party ¿bat bad gone north from the diamond fieldi. 11 alwaya carried a few little things that enabled me to perform some of my tricks. I was very anxious to meet a fair' representative of the witch doctors, aa I had heard a great deal about the wonders they performed. ' 'Well, thia fellow was a sharp, Bbrewd old man. I mode his acquaint- ance and went at him through an interpreter, telling bim that I was in the profession and that I wanted to see him perform. 'He said that he did not know how to do any tricks. Then I took him aside and showed bim a'few simple things-how to pass a knitting needle through bia head and things like that. He was much impressed and said that he could not do that, be could not make things turn round in his head. ' I showed him how it waa done and how to do it with the smooth wait-a bit thorn. He was immediately tickled then and said, " This is a great graft. "Won't I make thoae niggers sit up'" ' I pressed the old fellow again then to [show me some of his acts. - He assumed a very grave demeanour and Baid that such a grave man as I would only laugh at the simple little things that he could do. ? 'Therefore he would show me some- thing in which he was only an instru- ment-something far above him, which "be, himself, did not understand. .. . .' At duak he led me to the bank of 3» stream, and picking up one of a ^number of rough logs, threw it ÍDto the water. ' Then be asked me to tell him which way I wanted the log to travel . -up stream, down stream, or across. 'I told him, and the log, by its motions, obeyed his voice. He told it .?¿to disappear, and it rose up on end "and went plungipg down. He told it to come tip again, and it leaped above ; the surface like a salmon. ;?'??" 'He asked me where I" wanted the . .. log to come out, and I told him that I -'wanted it to come out at our feet. ?'"It came flying, and crawled up tbe ? bank.' Then' the magician led me :~away, saying that it was dangerous to : stay in that vicinity any longer. 'At last he motioned me to. follow him to bis lodge. We sent the inter- preter away, and the old fellow showed mo by signs how to do the' trick; . 'In Bechuanaland they uae bark rope, which is brown in colour. Pieces of this rope, were tied to the log and worked by confederates who were lying "down in the bushes. The semi darknesB prevented me from observing thia." . . .' 'The next morning the old witch doctor came to my tent and asked me if I was ft good shot with a gun. 'So I went with him, and betook me into the forest, and there, in a little, glade, showed me a meercat sitting on its haunches chowing roots. ' The meercat is a funny little animal about the size of a squirrel. 'I bonged away.at the meercat and \- him as dead as Queen Anne. 'There he is for you," I said to the witch doctor, 7 ? '"Won't you please go and get him?" : said the old man. ? ' I hurried to the place whero the ; dead animal lay in plain sight, and lo ! he waa gone, and even his burrow had disappeared ! I hunted high and, low, but could not find that cati So I went back to the magician. ;: ' ""That was not a very good Bhot," he said, pointing behind me. .'. ' I turned and saw the meercat on top of his burrow and looking aa com- placent as ever and chewing, roots. 'I took very careful aim, fired, and killed him again ; but when. I hurried to the spot where I had seen him ' lying he and his burrow disappeared aB before. 'The old witch doctor chuckled at me when I went ' back to him, « "You do not shoot well thia morn- ing," he ' said. " Ferhapa too much' Kaffir beer last night." ? ' Ho pointed in another. direction,' and there was another meercat closer than the first. I took careful aim * ':'Âred^/"ïnobkèd'--'him-''ôver, and then advanced-to pick ' him up, never tak- ing my eyea off him for a moment. ' When I got quite close to him he had disappeared, the same aa the other had done. . :I begged tho witch doctor to tell mo how to manage tho trick, but ho would.not. He said that it was the .work of the great Spirit, and he did not understand it. I stayed in his camp two days, but could never get bim to explain the trick. 'I had a vory startling experience at Shepherd's Hotel, in Cairo, a few' years ago. Magicians who do the ' same tricks that were played before , Pharoah roam through the corridors offering to giro performances for tho guests. . ' One of these mon tackled me, and I told him that I did not want to see any tricks. - ' " That is a fina cane you have, a:r," he said, taking my stick and admiring it. He twirled it round his head very fast and handed it back to me. ' "Wow ! I dropped it in a hurry. It had become' a huge, cold, dummy, wriggling snake. ' " What do you mean, you rascal !" I began. _ . 'He picked up the snake and whirled it about his head again. ' " Why, it's a very good cane," he said, and presented my own Bilver headed stick to me. ' The next day I met the Bame man and asked him to turn my cane into a snake once more. ' Ho shook his head solemnly and said ' "I cannot do that to-day. What have you been drinking ? Brandy and soda, like the other English? You have all my snakes ?" ' He began to pull snakes out of my boots and pockets. ' He took off my hat and showed it to me filled with hissing green rep- tiles. On another occasion be showed me bis empty hand, made a few passes with it, closed it, opened it again, and there, sitting upon the palm, was a great snake, its bead erected two feet, and hissing like mad. 'Of course, it was all sleight of band, but it was superb-ever so much ahead of anything we western people can do. The east is full of great Bleight-of- hand men. 'When I first went to India to study the doings of the Yogis, I had fakirs gathered from far and wide to, give me exhibitions. They showed me ordin- ary tricks, and when the performance was over I told them through the interpreter that I was very much dis Eleased with the childish things they ad shown me, and intended to Btrike them with lightning. ' They said they had no fear. They were in the business themselves, and I could not frighten them. ' I made some paBses, and they stood before me boldly till I made a furiouB pass and shouted, and their clothes burst into flames. Then they fled in terror, casting off their light robeB, and my reputation aa a wonder worker was established in India. \ The trick was a very simple one. I had discovered a fluid which ignited spontaneously and burned quite fiercely after being exposed to the air" for a minuto and a hair. A few drops of thia, scattered on the clothing of the fakirs by my confederate, did the trick. v V.'.-'-,':' .'-': 'After I got my reputation among them the Indians trotted out the beat they could do. I found out that the mango trick done by substitution. 'As I have said, they are far ahead of ua in sleight of hand. Then they have clothes that help them, as they are much, bigger than the handker- chiefs used by our magicians. ' They begin by planting a mango seed and covering it with a cloth. They work .under the cloth with their hands, and then remove the cloth at intervals, showing you the mango bush growing larger and larger. ' At lost they show you a large bush that has fruit on it. It appears to have grown from the seed, but it is all a trick, done ' by substitution. The mango is as tough as whalebone, and can be crumpled up in any odd way and packed, into very small compass. Working under the cloth with bia bands, the magician straightens the leaves out. ' For a long time I travelled about . the States exposingspiritualiBts' tricks. I claimed to be able to duplicate by j natural means all the tricks of the mediums. * While doing this I had some very j Btrange adventures that made me feel like leaving people alone to nurse their delusions as they pleased. There j was a man named Sawyer who was a great spiritualist. ' ! ' Ho was interested in my perform- ance, but said that it did not come up to the doings of the mediums. I only did tricks-they gave infallible teats. " My wife died some months ago," he said, j" Now, if you can bring her up and havp her give mo the private signal agreêd on between us and then show you-did it by trickery, I will agree to renounce spiritualism." ,, ¿I said'! wbuld do that. I waa not at oll sure that I could, but chance threw, the right person in my woy, and I got the information I wanted. ^.^/On'thWnight ofc' my next perform- ance in darkness a voice.Called to bim from tho cabinet claiming to be from the; spirit iof his wife. À face was shown looking from the cabinet. Scores pf people in the audience recognised Mrs. Sawyer in the face and the voice. But Sawyer himself soid he did not recognise either. He was,called up to the cabinet, * '.' Can you give the private signal !" ho asked.;.. . .:. . . , ' " Certainly," responded tho pre- tended spirit. ?;'.'?.' ' ; ' Sawyer ,'pufc but his hand.' A hand in the cabinet received, it. and tapped on the palm three times, drew a finger straight down the palm and tapped three times again. Sawyer staggered back as if struck by lightning. , ' '"People, hear me?" ho shouted. " I am well known hore. lam known to you OB Honest John Sawyer. I would not lie to you. This is a fraud. He pretends to expose mediums and is himself the very greatest of mediums. Not a living-soul but I knew the signal agreed upon between myBelf and my wife. He must have got it from ber. It was my wife I spoke to in the cabinet. This man ia a medium' and a fraud and a swindler." ' He kept walking towards the door and waving his arms in the dir. '"Mr. Sawyer, Mr. Sawyer,"^I shouted, "Won't you listen to ¡an explanation?" '??'. : "No," he shouted, "I'll, listen to nothing. You are a fraud, and a swindler." As he roached the door he threw h¡B arms up and fell dead. ' While exposing spiritualism in Texas, I mode the acquaintance of one John Daly, who had been a gambler, but had been converted, and then gone in for spiritualism. 1 Ho came to me after one of my performances, and said : "I was delighted with the show 'delighted ; but I waa pained,, too. I am on the western side of life, and it ia a wrench to the heart-yea, at wrench to the heart-to find that, there ia no foundation for the thing; one believes in. Now, there ia a little girl fourteen years of age who receives extraordinary communica- tions. She can't be a fraud. There'» nothing that she could make from such deception. I wan't you to come Iwith me and aee ber." ' That is an error one often hears stated-" She makea nothing by it."" A craving for notoriety impels some people as powerfully as want of money. ' I went with Daly to see tbe little girl. She was accompanied by her grandfather, a very respectable man. 'She had the usual strange com- munications in which her friends had' faith. 'I saw through her performance,, which was simple enough. ' After it was over Daly asked me what I thought of it, and I told him. that I could not mako up my mind, without consulting the little girl. ' I took her aside and said : '"My little girl, don't you think that you ought to tell the truth about? these matters ? Your father. was a. gentleman, your grandfather ia a. gentleman. Don't you think that you ought to tell' the truth ? The little girl finally broke down,, made a confession, and showed me how ahe did her tricks. I led her back and explained to her grandfather and Daly, and she showed them how the tricks were done. ' Daly never said a word, but began to tilt slowly back in the'chair. He went completely over, and fell with a. terrible crash amid the fragments of his chair. ? - ' "We ran to pick him up, and found', a raving mania. --' V ' I believe he's alive yet in. one of the "Western asylums. That cured me of trying to convert people of their delusions. If a man is com- fortable in his delusions, I say leave him alone unlesB his ' beliefs " do harm to someone." ' One of the queerest adventures I over bad was in Borneo. I got away up the country in the land of the Dyaks, and performed before.a king and an audience of head bunters. ' . ' A Princess was among the people who saw my show. She expressed her . pleasure. She was especially taken up with my power to burn people up. She wished she had that power, as then she wonld start, several conflagrations. . ' I informed her that I was ready to burn up any one who displeased her. ; She thought for a time and then fixed on a great, hulking fellow who was always drunk, and would not work. .. 'I called him and gaye him a good, scolding,' saying that I had'beard complaints about him, and that he .iras not any good, except to be consumed by fire as an example to other evildoers. ' '" ,* He jawed back, saying that he could not aee what business of mine it was, no matter how much be loafed.. ' While we were; talking my con- federate scattered a few drops of fluid-, on bis clothing, and he soon burst into, flames.' He ran away howling. ; 'JLtold the Princesa that in con- sideration of bia being a member of : the tribe I would not consume him entirely, and sure enough the flames did him, no barm. ' She proposed marriage. I said I waa married already. ' She told mo that that made no'' difference, that ahe would be a sister to my wife, and together, they would . rule all other wives I might acquired. ' My wife, who was present when the interpreter gave us that; thought it waa a joke, and was for jumping up and throwing her arms about her new- found sister ; but I 'could ,see that there was a serious side to the matter. 'To refuse waa to insult the king» and meant certain death. ." I explained that suoh a great honour., merited' great preparations, and that I would have to go to Singapore in order to. buy presenta and wedding clothes.' ' I asked the Princesa what she wanted me to buy for her. She made a long liât, and was delighted at the idea of getting, all the 'things she ordered. So I hied myself and party safe out of the land of the Dyaks. 'The nearest English Consul to whom I related my adventure told me that I had got into a bad scrape, and that he might have a poisoned arrow shot in his back Borne time on account of my doings.' '"The only way out pf tho diffi- culty," he said, "is for you to send au. enormous official envelope all covered with seals announcing that you are dead." I did that, and I guesa the> Princeaa gradually got over her dis- appointment, v :J ' : . 'We went to Mandaláy, thinking to do a good turn of business there. It waB hard work getting permission to- go through. We performed before the King, but the beast, Théebaw, waa drunk with bang, and did not appreciate tho tricks and illusions. ,. 4' He kept saying, ".That ia pretty good, but I will soon make them do something better." Presently ho shouted, " Where are- the "presents these peoplo have,, brought me?" Where are the diamonds ?" ' This was conveyed to me, and I answered through the interpretor that I was a poor man, making my living: by the show ; that I was'not able to give to one so rich and powerful. When the King heard that he roared, with rage. ' "If they aro poor," be said, "they must be low caste. How dare the Engliah dogs bring-low caste people into my palace. Bundle them out I"' We wero literally bundled out. 'In China we played before tbo Empress, and were well treated, but jibe hastened our departure, saying wo were foreign devils.' - " New York Sun." ?Within the laBt twenty years Prance has annexed no less than three* million square miles of Africa. Thoy own Algeria, Tunis, ' the light soil ' of the Sahara, Senegal, the Ivory Coast,. the "Western Soudan, Dahomey, the Prench Congo, and a large tract on. the Somali coast, while in Abyssinia, they áre making steady way. 