The Dry Hashers. ^(1; * i Jlf; ' -J.'US SPARKS FROM THEIR CAMP FIRE. ? III. - ' Chairman : Well, lads, the air is charged with political music. Reid has been giving them a few blasts on the pipes at Mudgee and Newcastle, and by the look of things he is as full of life as his brave countryman was ' at Dargai, when piping on the Gordon Highlanders. Lyne attended by his trusty lieutenants, See, Copeland, and Slattery (come to life again), have . had a big go ' in at the Protestant Hall, but although Lyne rattled away on his big drum, and See played the tin whistle to perfection, the; whole affair was tame and out of joint. No doubt the majority of the meeting saw that Lyne and See's faces gave the lie direct to what their tongues uttered. Our own P.L.L. has been sitting at New castle and has done great and noble work, but what concerns me most is the political strength of the Dry Hashers. Let all those who have votes hold up their hands. What ! only two votes Sandy and myself. Tip., I am surprised at you and you too my English friend. Tip. : Faith and you need not. Up to twelve months ago I took no interest in politics. All I cared for was a skinful of fighting rum. After that I, used to get into a corner by myself and start patching my old duds till I got another cheque for the publican; Bad cess to him ! But I , will get a vote. You need not be afraid. Englishman: I say ditto to Tip. Only ? this difference, my skinful was beer not rum. ? . Chairman : Well, if I am to remain your chairman you must all get votes, for I won't preside over a lot of gum logs. Chorus of voices : We'll all get votes. , Chairman: I am not much surprised at you natives not having votes. I have seen a good bit of the world, and in all my experience I have not come across, the equal of you young Australians for being indifferent to what vitally concerns you. It's go day, come day, God send Sunday with the whole of you, and goodness knows we have all seen enough to make the most thoughtless of us thoughtful. But to-morrow morning we will all but Sandy go into township and get our electoral rights. Then when the bugle sounds charge we will be in it. Why the love of fun and frolic, the glory of being an active participator ought to make you natives take out electoral, rights, if nothing else did it. : Tip. :' So' my townie, Tom Slattery, has come to ; life again. I wonder what devilment. is in his head now. Where is' he going to stand for this time ? Bur rowa again, I suppose. Chairman : No ! He is going to see if he can take a fall out of Reid for the King Division. He has got the whole weight of the church on his side. Sandy : I doubt it. The Cardinal can have very little respect for him, for Master Tom was one of those who pulled the wool over his Eminence's eye's at the Convention elections. Oh, that ? was a deep laid plot. They got the poor Cardinal to stand, knowing that his doing so would split the Labor vote. Tip.: Yes, he did that the scheming Spalpeen, and he cares no more for the toilers in Sydney than he does for a second-hand chew of tobacco. Do any of you remember that attorney in the New Testament, who asked our Saviour, 'If it was lawful to pay tribute to Cfesar ?' Damn if I don't believe that fellow's soul has transmigrated into Slattery's , body, for he is as full of quirks and quibbles as ever his Jewish brother was. New Zealander : But surely you do not think it is possible that Lyne and his ' gimcrack ' lot of politicians are likely to get back to power. I came over here in '93 when they were in full swing, with poor old Dibbs at their head, and I have been here ever since. I was never so much taken back in my life as. I was when I see the deplorable condition, this colony was in. Although I had money — not much though— I can assure you I many a time wished for a feed of yams and pork or even young shark. The climax came in '94 when the P.U., seeing its chance broke faith with us, commit ting as cruel an act of treachery as, has ever been perpetrated. Then .followed a terrible struggle throughout the land, the P.U. standing by laughing at us, while we poor i fools were ready to tear oiit each others throats. It may -seem a heartless thing to say, but I would just as soon see the bubonic plague upon us as another dose of Lyne and Co. , . , \ \ Sandy: Of the two evils I think , the plague would be the smaller one, for it would be the soul of impartiality when dealing out its favors. But notwith standing all we went through,- 'y4i twas a glorious year. It was a great and glorious sight to see the electors of New ? fcsouth Wales rise in their might and manhood and hurl from power the worst Government that ever disgraced this country. Bungaree : But what amuses me about this Lyne lot is their talk about fostering native industries. It's their perpetual , . ? .in.) . . ,i ?' '? ?? '-flute.' Why, when the knaves were ,iii; pp^rer,.:the,.9nly native industries they iojster ed /were, the manufacture - of dum mies, the patent jail gag, and the plank bed. They are1 & ? cruel, ? '? 5 heartless lot-; witness the 'execution of Montgomery and Williams. ' ,V: j ; . Burrowa ; And they did foster ? the dummy business i with a vengeance'. ; The boss dummy manufacturer was all about in' those days. Ho was simply ^'re splendent. I wonder is he going to stand ag'aiu '? He had a, narrow squeak last .time. r Vr[ ,7 ?[]'/ ' .. : - ? , ' ^dliairman V.I^tefieye;no't.'' I hear he, is going into Queensland as the repre sentative ' of some land syndicate: The i new- Land Act ih; Queensland gives, great facilities' for acquiring land, and the experience he has gained here will make his services very valuable. Tip : Faith and he has a good bit of experience. Did you ever see a man who could go close to the 'fire and get' nothing burned but his reputation andl (that was so cinders-like that it could not be hurt ? The devil a Queenslander will be able to hold a candle to him. I believe he could give Old : Nick a point or two and then beat him.'1 ' Sandy : ; Well, . let us hope he goes , to Queensland ? and stops, there. The 'part he -has played in his own: colony has not been an exalted one.- That men of/his class should be allowed to have a voice in the government of a country marks an epoch in its . history, that fills ; all right minded 1 men with horroiy sorrow, and anger. Let us droj) the subjects ; The night's top sult^' to handle'; it.' ; j .'.Chairman:.' Right .! you. f are,, Sand}'. Now, then, Tip, . the: sentence of the court is that you sing. ; i : : Tip: Mushaj thin; the devil a song I ?ever', sang., in^'joto wiJiol^'iife.'j but let mo : tell , you, of, an idea that has: ; j ,ust come into my head. - I am going to write to me townie and advise him, just before the fun begins in King Division, to clap his patent jail gag, on Reid. . If he does not, he ' won't have fcli'e ghost of a' show, -and 'bad cess torrie if I would Hke to see a Scotehman beat a Tip. ?.- ? : Chairman : And the,. Scotchman will beat the Tip; and more , power to him. But you must' sing; no shinnanikin. Tip : I tell yoii I, can't sing, but I'll try and ,rebite a bit of . poetry for you if that does. - s Chairman : That will doj so long as the piece is a good one, and you do it well. Tip: Alright^ I'll do my best. I am going to give1 you Self-Reliance' by, Tom Davis. r ? i ' With the perihission of The Worker, I beg to 'reproduce' the first verse. , The poem is a fiiie one^ and Tip did it justice. ' SELF-RELIANCE. ;; Though savage force and subtle schemes. And alien .rule through ages lasting, , . . 5tavei swept your land with, lava. streams, ? -n ! Its wealth and name and riature blasting ; Rot not therefore in dull, despair , Nor moan for destiny in far lands ! Face not your foe with bosom bare, Nor hide your chains in pleasure's garlands, The. ?wise man aims to combat wrong, The brave man clears the dens of lions, The true manrspurns 'the Helot's song, The freeman's friend is Self -Reliance. Then followed other songs and pieces, but most of ' .them we had Heard time ' after time.1 When tired singing, Sandy and Bungfaree let heel and toe going, with pipe and fiddle/ ahd we kept up till well into the night. But before we turned in we gave three ringing cheers for the Political Labor Leaguers at New castle, and for the good work they had done/'1'' 1 