Methodist Mission. T~nsoDAY EvenrOs. The fourth os the series of mission services being conducted in the Ellenborough-street Church, this week, by the Rov. Lewis Hudson was held aon Thursday night. After the hold lug of a big open-sir meeting at the Blackall Fountain, those taking part in it repaired ts the church, in which a fairly large congregation assembled. The preliminary portion of the proceedings, which included quite a budget of requests for prayer and praise, having been gone through in an earnest spirit, Mr. Hudson spoke on the subject of "Excuses," the text chosen being from St. Luke xiv., 18--" And they all with one consent began to make excuse." His object, he said, was to be as practical as possible, and deal with a few excuses, for not complying with the Saviour's commands, which lad been made by many with whom be bad come into persoanl contact. f he knew aoy thing of human nature, these excuses found their application in thousands of cases. and he wished to show their hollowness. A number of the excuses which he had heard were then cited, and he west on to explain their absurdity in a very simple and lucid manner, which secured the closest attention from an interested congregation. In conclusion, he stated that, to those who were willing to gire up their sins, the Lord Jesus Christ was offer intg pardon and forgiveness; it was not Hie will that anyone should perish, but that all should be saved. Let them make no more excuses, but just accept the offer of Hio mercy, , Him that cometh unto me I will in no wise cast out." The last of the series of meetings as originally arranged was held last evening, when, despite the threatening aspect of the weather, there was a large congregation. After the preliminary devotional exercises had been engaged in, the Ber. Lewis Hudson stated that those present would no doubt be pleased to learn that it bad been decided to continue the mission dur ing ncxt week, when a service would be held every evening except Saturday. He then expressed his gratitude to the choir for the assistance they had rendered, Sub sequently the rev. gentleman delivered a very earnest discourse on the subject of "The Unpardonable Sin," choosing as his text St. Matthew xii., I1 and 32, and let Thesualonians v., 19. What was that sin against the Holy Ghost-that sin for which there was no for givenesse either in this world or the world to come? That was a question, the preacher said, which many had asked and would con tinue to ask. There were people who experi enced a perfect agony of soul for fear they had been guilty of committing that sin. Such persons might rest assured that they had not done so: Their very anxiety to escape it was the best proof they could have that they had not committed the sin. He must confess that the words of the text were the most difficult to be explained of all the words that were diflficult in the Bible. Their awfulness was to be found in the fact that they werespoken by the loving Christ. Some of the dilicolty might be removed when they remem bered the circumstances under which the words were uttered. Christ had performed a miracle by, making the blind to see and the dumb to s:peak, and the Pharisees had tried to discount it, b tating that He had performed the miracle becasrie he was in league with the devil. The Phariees seemed to have surrendered them selves 'completely to the evil spirit. When a ma4 did that he had reached a stage in which repentance seemed to be sbsolutely\ impossible, and he was then in danger of committing the unpardonable sin. Those Pharisees were guilty of hating the Holy Spirit. I[t was the duty of the Holy Spirit to draw;: us to Christ, but when we were antagonistic to cleat what were we doing? We tad then reached a stage in which repentance appeared to be impossible. Such a sin was the result of the wilful and long-continued resistance of God's Holy Spirit. ft was that opposition to the Spirit of God long indulged in which landed one in that state which appeared to make repentance impossible, and where there was no repentance there could be no forgiveness. It would thus be sen that ase a result of one's own action he could be guilty of the sin which could not he forgiven- because there was an ahsence of repentance there must be on absence of forgiveness. He was deeply convinced that there was no on pardonable sin for the penitent heart. The loving Christ would never spurn a prayer for pardon. Inconcluoion, hebesought his hearers who had not already done so to decide for Christ before there was a possibility of their reaching that awful condition to which ho had referred. As slated sbove, it has been decided to con tinue the mission next week. Mr. Hudson will deal each evening with special subjects, which will be found mentioned in our advertis ig colamns. 