flic fast Published by rpeciaX arrangement with Hissrs. Ward. Lock 4" Go. Ltd. [ALL EIGHTS BBSBKVKB.] CHAPTER XI. DETAILS. I D E T E C T I V E S T O R Y . Br Lawbeitce L. LTUCH, Author of "No Proof," "Moina," Ac. Daring the day that followed the discoreries in Mrs Fry's upper chamber, Mr Fenars did a variety of things that surprised the brother of Charles Brieriy ; ves and the doctor as welL and he said 6om'e things that seemed quite incomprehensible. For the detective was somewhat giren to half-uttered soliloquy when hekneir himself among "safe" people, and could therefore afford to relax hiB guard. Likewise he tailed to say the thinss which Brieriy, at least, expected, and much desired to hear. His first movement after the three had breakfasted, was to ask for the keys of the cottage chambers, for they had been handed over to Brieriy somewhat ostentatiously in the presence of Mrs Fiy and at the foot of the cottage stairs, by the doctor. " I want to spend another half-hoar in those rooms," he said, "and to BO leave them that I Bhall know at once if a human foot has so much as crossed the threshold." This was all the explanation he chose to make then or upon his return. indeed, when he came back he spent all of the remaining time until high noon smoking alone upon the doctor's neat laffn and along the shady side of the house, excusing himself and guarding Against possible intrusion by remarking that he felt the need of a, little solitary self-communion. At luncheon the question of the burial TOS discussed, and afterward Brieriy announced his intentions to call upon Miss Grant, if the doctor thought her able to receive him. " I hare told Mrs Marcy to keep the gossips o it," Doctor Barnes said gravely, " she's too sensitive, Hiss Grant I mean, to hear unfeeling or curious discussions of the case. But a friend who is in sympathy—that's another thing. She'll be bettt-r with such company than alone." When Brieriy had set out, the detective threw away his after-dinner cigar. " Were you called to see the little lady who wns taken ill here yesterday, after the close of the inquest ?" he asked carelessly. " 1 fornot to inquire, in my desire to keep Brieriy occupied."' The doctor shook bis head. " 1 fancy she only needed time to recover from her gruesome position. It was a blunder, putting her in plain sisjbt of that shrouded corpse. Those little blue-eyed women ire masses of nerves and fine sensibilities —often. I don't see how it came about." " f you mean the ' blunder' of putting those ladies where they were, it was I wh > blundered. I arranged to place them there." " You'" the doctor's eyes opened wide in astonishment. "Then I retract. It was I who have Plundered-" " Din—I am not so sure," Ferrans replied slowly, and then the subject as by mutual consent was ignored between them. Ferrars, who seemed for the time at least to have done his thinking, wrote several letters at the doctor's desk, and then prepared to go out. " 1 asked permission tocallandinauire after Mrs Jamieson's health, yesterday," he said to the doctor, " and as she hie not required your services Bhe may be able to receive me now. 1 ' "There is another Esculapius in (Henvil e," reminded Doctor "ames. " So I hare heard ; but the lady is a person of good taste. She wculd have called you in if any one." He bowed and went out with a gleam of humor in his eyes '• It's sometimes hard to guess what Ferrars means when he speaks with that queer look and tone," mused the doctor. " And who would have thought he would care or think of a formal call like this just now ! And yet, that little Toman is pretty enough to attract a man, I'm sure ; and a detective may be as susceptible, I suppose, as another." Ferrars waited for a few moments in the reception room of the Glenville House, and was than conducted to the pretty suite occupied b^ Mrs Jamieson. He found her half "eclining in a long, low chair, with her friend, Mrs Arthur, still in attendance. She wore a soft, loose robe of black, with bi lowy gauzelike ruffles, and floating ribbons of the Bame sable hue, relieved only by a knot of purple wood violets at her throat. Her face was very pale and her eyes, with their changing lights of greyish green and glinting blue, looking larger and deeper than usua because of the dark shadows Jeueath them, and the waves of her plentiful fair hair falling low and loose upon her forehead She welcomed her visitor with a faint half smile, and thanked him again for his kindness of the previous day. She blamed herself for her want of nerve and courage. She inquired after Miss Grant, and expressed her sympathy for the bereaved girl, and her desire to see -her again to k no w her, and serve her if possible ; she had shown herself so brave, yet so womanly that day,—and then the little lady told of her encounter with Miss Grant in the unfortunate character of messenger or bearer of bad news. She was glad there would be no lack of staunch friends to support the sweet girl in her time of need and trouble, and she finished by sending a pretty mess a 3« to Hilda, and then without further question or comment, concerning the murder or the prugress of the case, she let the talk slip into the hands of her friend,, and leaned bac< in her. chair like one too weak for further effort, seeing which Ferrars soon withdrew. " You wil not consider, this an Axample of my UBUal hospitality, I trust," Mrs Jamieson said,'as he bent over her chair to say farewell. **I fear I was not wise in refusing to let them call a physician, but I do.dread being in the hauds of a doctor. I shall be pleased to hear how this sad case progresses, Mr Giant, and by the bye has anything new occurred since the inquest) Any new witnesses or discoveries of any sort ?" But Ferrars shook his head, and murmuring something about lime being short and not taxing her good nature and strength further, he bowed low, and went away. " It's very good of her," he mused, as he went,- f'to take such kindly interest in my supposed relative. Miss Grant. But she certainly showed scant interest in the chief actor in the drama, my friend brieriy." The candles had just been lighted that evening, and Ferrars was once more waiting at the doctor's dest, while Brieriy, pale and heavy-eyed, lounged by the long window near, when'-Doctor Barnes came in, hat in hand. .."•Am you felt some interest in Mrs dmxxueaoaaselection of a physician this Utter ssia,wflltnform you that I have )ost been summoned to see that lady, professionally, of course," he added, as if toy an afterthought, and smiling slightly. " Thank you. : Mrs Jamieson has vindicated my belief in Jiergood judgment," replied Fenars, and tnen be wheeed .about in his chair, and put out aidetaining hand. " Don't think I doubt -your reserve, doctor," he went on, " when 1 ask you to avoid or evade, if needful, any discussion of this affair of ours. That is, avoid giving any information, be it ever so trivial" He shot a quick glance toward 'riarly, and met the -doctor's eye for one swift, momentary glance. „ " My visit will be purely-'professional, and doubtless brief," was the reply, as the speaker passed from the. room, and Ferrars smiled, knowing that his friend understood the manning behind the halfjesting words. A moment later Robert Brieriy arose, yawned, and crossed the room to take up his hat. ' '' This inaction is horrible," he said, drearily. " I must get out. 1 wish 1 had walked down with' Barnes. Won't you come out with me, -Mr Ferrars The detective dipped his pen in the sand-box, and arose quickly. Then when he had found his hat, and laid lowered the light over the writing table, he put a hand upon the other's shoulder. "I'll go out with you, of course, Brieriy," he said, and there was a world of sympatny, as well as complete understanding in his tone. " But first, I want to ask you to show yourself as little as possible upon the streets, for a few days to come at least, and then only in the company of the doctor or myself, and not to go out evenings at all unless similarly attended. It will be irksome, 1 know, but I believe it important, and I must ask this of you, too, without ex- planation, for the present at least" ' The young man looked at him for a moment, earnestly and in silence. " Do you ask this for reasons personal to myself, or because it seems to you to be for the interest of the investigation ?" he asked slowly. Ferrars smiled. " You're as able to take care of yourself as anv man I know, Brieriy," he said, with frank conviction. " It's for the interest of the case that we —and especially v ou—keep ourselves as much aloof as possible from questions and cariosity. There is another reason which I cannot give just yet." '* As you will I have put myself and my brother's vindication in your hands, Mr Ferrars, and I shall do nothing, be sure, to hinder vour progress." As they passed out Brieriy paused under the shadow of the porch. " May I ask if you have put the same embargo upon Miss Grant t" he questioned. *' I have, yes. Glenville must know what we wish it to know, and not a syllable more." " All 1 I like that." " Because it sounds as if youhadreally found the end of \ our thread here." "Oh, yes. The beginning is here. Not of the case, mind ; only of the clues. But heaven on'-y knows where it may lead us before we find the end." ." Wiiat matters 1" said the brother of Charles Brieriy, with a heavy sigh, " so long as it brings ns to the truth!" CHAPTER XH. " FEB KISS-GRANT.'' On the fourth day after Charles - Brierly's untimely death his body was taken to the city and laid beside his parents in the beautiful cemetery, where luve and grief had already prepared for him and his a place of final rest. News of the burial had been sent ahead, and a crowd of friends had assembled at the home of their father's oldest friend and family lawyer, where the body a as received as that of a son, and the last rites of affection and respect were performed by the venerable rector who had seen the brothers grow from boys to men. \- Doctor Barnes and Hilda Giant, with Mrs Marcy as chaperone, accompanied the sad-hearted brother upon this journey, and they were somewhat surprised when Ferrars, whom they' had thought must go with them in his character of sole relative to the young lady, explained that his presence in Glenville just then was essential to the success of the work he had been called there to do. There are so many little things which [ want to learn," he Baid. "In fact, I must know Glenvflle much better before I can go far in my search and during your absence I can find the time for making many new acquaintances, and I mean to begin by cultivating your friend Doran, doctor." They were gone three days, and when, they returned they were but a party of three. "Poor Charlie Brieriy," as his' friends in the city had already begun to call the dead, lay in his last quiet earthly home, and Robert had remained in the city. " To settle np his brother's afftirs, and put the matter of his death into the handB of the detectives. 7 ' At least this; is what Mr Doran informed one of the loungers who, seeing the .return of the doctor and the two ladies, had remarked upon Brierly's absence. "Of course he'll have to come back here," Doran had further added. " He ain't touched the things in his brother's rooms yet, they say. But they'll wait better than the other business." " Umph !" the villager sniffed.' He's let three days Blip by without makin' much of a stir. Wliy on earth ain't they had one o'them fellers down here long before this ? They ain't seemed to hurry much." _ "Well, you see, at .firat.'twas more" than half believed that the shooting must : have been by accident; and then—-thtBis just between you and me, Jones— didn't you ever think thatoven after that jury's verdict, and the doctor's testimony, they. Doc. and the brother, might have wanted to make sure, by a Bort of private 'and .more thorough investigation of the wound, eh?" ** By crackey 1 Now that you speak of it, I heard Mason say'i they was np an' movin' round at the doctor's that livelong night! Yes, air, reckon you've hit it!" " My 1" mused Samnel Doran, as he moved awav . from the gossip. ** They bite at my yams like babies on a.teethin' ring. Doc. knows his fellow- critters, sure enough; and iny work's laid out for me, I guess.".. • For Doran,after due consultation, and upon the doctor's voucher, had been' taken a little way into the confidence of the three -men; and F-errais beg&n; to foresee in him a reliable helper. The above, brief conversation took place between Doran and Mr Jones, professional depdfc-lounger . and occasional worker at odd jobs, while the doctor was putting Hildaaiid Mrs Marcy into' a waiting carnage, and, when he had Been it drive away up. town, Doran came forward and addressed him in a tone quite, audible to the bystanders. " You see, I didn't forget the carriage. Doc." Hope Miss. Grant ain't none "the' worse: for:herisajd sort of journey." And then, as the two walked away from the 'platform together, -and hesa w the doctor's .eyesglanijing^rom side to side, Doran went on., ~ Looking for Mr Grant, Doc. I Well, Iigupaswou won't see Aim; _»ot before.Bupjj^nme, anyhow. — guesslie'sj ' • - * fancy%trock-on that J s&MM-; \- ' pretty-faced widow down at the Glenville House, and he's taken her out behind my greys this afternoon. - I don't know as I blame him any ; she is a dainty little wid." The doctor stared at him in amazement at his first words, and then broke into a hearty laugh ovor the last. . Upon my word, Doran, you' will be able to write a new dictionary of abbreviations some day I Doran's Original 1 A -dainty wid is very good in its way; only is she a * wid?' " " That's what they say at the Glenville. Widow and rich."' • At the next comer Doran halted. "Have to tear myself away," he'said amiably. ' See you later," and the two men separated. " Well, old man, how have you fared during the lull in your business ?" asked Doctor Barnes, as his man came to meet him. " You don't look overworked." " I ain't been, neither, sah. Your Mr Grant or Mc Ferrars, I ain't rightly got his name, I guesB, air, he 'pears ter like the cooks down the Glenville better than me. I ain't had no bother with him since you left, air, 'cept to make np his bed.' "Iknow. He has -found some friends there, I fancy, Jnde. Any news or messagest" and the doctor became at once absorbed in hls neglected business. Ferrars made his appearance at "supper time" as Doran had described the evening meal, and the two -men had much to discuss. When Jude had placed the last dishes and retired, the detective, who thus far had been listening to the doctor's account of the- journey and the sad funeral obsequies, looked up and said: "I suppose .you have heard of my wanderings, doctor, and how I have forsaken poor Jude t The fact is, I have found plenty of leisure, and Mrs Jamieson, when one comes to know her a little, is a very ab—interesting woman. The sort of woman, in fact, whoBe society I now and then enjoy. I have not negltcted my duty, however, but there is absolutely nothing new. And, by the bye, 1 must see Miss Giant this evening ; after that, if you are at liberty, we must have a talk. I have decided upon a change of plan, of. which you must know." He had left a note for Miss Grant, which advised her of his intended call as soon as she. should have become rested and refreshed. He was glad to find her BO strong and so composed, and he came at once to-the business in hand. " Miss Giant," he began, " as I said in my note, I have - something to propose to yon which has presented itself to me as the best course durine your absence; and, to begin, -let me ask, have you still full confidence in me as a detective, and as a man whom you may trust ?" She lifted her fine dear eyes to his face and kept them there while she-replied. "I felt-that I could trust you, Mr Ferras, when we first met. There hss been no change in that feeling unless it may be the change to a larger measure of trust and confidence." " Thank you." And now the cool de-. tective flushed like a schoolboy "I shall. try hard to deserve your good opinion, and - it encourages me to broach my singular proposal. . I believe it will enable me to get on easier and with more rapidity if you will permit me to continue for an indefinite time in the rdle which I did not at first choose for myself, and I ask you if 1 may still remain, in the eyes -of Glenville, as now, .in the character of your cousin." " To remain—In Glenville 3" " When Doctor BarneB sent for me, advising me that I might arrive in the character of your cousin, it was, of course, with the idea that *his masquerade would be a brief one, and it was undertaken because the doctojr knew how it. would hamper if not -really balk, m.' attempts to unravel this mystery if I were known as a detective. 1 cannot explain now, but I ask you to believe that, being here, -I am now convinced that in laying aside this character I should put out of my hands my best -weapon, the most direct means of following up and ferreting out a crime which I fully believe will prove to have been—that is. If . we succeed in finding out the truth—a crime with a far-reachiag plot behind it, and the cause of which most of us have, not even remotely dreamed of." " You have said enough. All is in your hands. Be what you will and must, the better . to prove to the world that Charles Brieriy, my husband in the sight of hearen, died as he lived, an upright gentleman and martyr, and not the suicide or the victim, of a righteous vangeance that most people would for ever declare him if the truth is not made known." " " Understand," he orged, "that if you consent to this, you, as well as myself, will have a part to play, and an active part, perhaps, in the drama we are about to begin. Remember, you will have to keep up the deception for.weeks, possibly months; and to' go and come at my desire." \- " Do you mean," she asked, breathlessly, " that you may need my help " I do need your help 1" " hi" she -cried,letting go her selfrestraint for the 'moment. . " You don't know what you are doing for me ! To be active, to do something, instead of sitting still and eating my heart out with suspense. It will save me from madness perhaps. What could a true'relative do for me more than you are doing and will do. You are my cousin 1" And she put out her two bands to him with a new look of energy and resolve in her face. As he took the two slim hands in- his own and looked in 'her eyes, suddenly BO aroused and purposeful,' he saw for die first time, (he-full strength.and force of will and nature behind that fair face and gentle bearing, the* high spirit 'and ocurage animating the slender frame. " Thank you," he said, simply, as he released her hands. "I feel that I can rely-upon you cit need. You have the strength ji can "you have the patience as. well ? At present I can tell you very little. You will have to take much upon trnst." :- v MI have anticipated that." •" For example, it u my inflexible rule never to reveal'the name of a suspected person until ! have «t least partial proof of guilt enough to warrantian axrest. But you have a right to such confidence as I can give, and so, if you have a question to ask, and I think yon have, let me answer itif lean." •;*'•' "Oh/I thank you. She came a step nearer. "I ask myseU one question, over and bvpr; that there- was., no guilty secretin jnyipoor boy's life -and 'death, 1 know.- Where, then, can he the motive f "The motive, ahl When we know that, we shall t>e at the beginning -of the end of the matter.iSit down,-Miss Grant, and I will sut^the case before yon as 1 now -eee it. • - ~ • -.. • ,. She sank into the nearest seat without a word.-- . - \- *• AB to the maimer of the murder," he went :on, " this is my <conc!anon. -Some one, an enemy who hated -or feared, him, has- : informed himself of - Mr • Charles.. Brierly's habits, And tnade himself -familiar with the woeds along the late shore. Tour"toend,-J leam, has practised target shooting forBome-jtime. : HavB you -ever ihought that'he might have li&d;» ^reason {6rMooing r ? -sf' — "T " Good heavens I No 1" " Well, that is only a suggestion. But this much is certain, the deed was premeditated, and carefully planned I have satisfied myself that the assassin, approaching from the south, made a most the circuit of that long mound, after inftlrtng sure that no one was near, in order to reach the point, scarcely twelve feet from the place where the body was found, from which to fire the fatal shot." "My God!" "It was a bold venture^ but not so dangerons as might.at first appear. I find that from a point half way to the top of the mound one might be quite concealed from any one down by the lake shore while taking a'long look np and down the road. And, in case of approach, there is at the Bouth end of the mound a clump of bushes and young trees, where one could easily remain concealed while awaiting the victim or the passing of an interloper. From the town to a point not far south of the knoll or mound,' as your people call it, the ground between the road and lake has been partially cleared of undergro wth for the comfort of picnickers and fishing parties, I am told." ' "Yes." She sighed wonderingly. "But beyond that, a person wishing to be unseen from the lake'or road could easily hide among the brush and trees. I believe all this was carefully studied and xsarried out,-and that, five minutes after the shots were fired, the slayer was on his way southward to some point where a con-, federate waited, with some means of conveying themselves to a safe distance." " Ah-IV-she whisperei. " The boat 1" " Yes, the boat. It was a part of the plot, and .rowed to that point by the confederate, I believe, for the purpose' of misleading justice. Doran, who is an able helper, learned this morning that a farm hand, who was driving his Btock acrosB the road to drink at the lake, saw a man in a boat rowing up towards Glenville at half-past seven that morning." " Oh! And can you follow them ? • Is the trail strong enough !" ." I think so. And there are other clues: There is much to be done here in Glenville" first of alL At the inquest the testimony was purposely left vague and uncertain at some points." " And why V' '' Because, somewhere, not far away, there is a pereon who is watching developments, and who may leave some track unsevered if he can be made to think we are off the scent. 1 mean to. know my Glenville very well before I leave it and some of its people too. And here you can help me as soon as you are strong enough " " I am strong enough now. What more can I do?" "You remember the foolish boy and his fright when questioned ?" " Of course.'' " Well, as bis teacher, can you not win his confidence until his fear is overcome 1 That boy has not told all he knows." " He is very doll, I fear. He - said he saw a ghost." " Well, we must know the nature of that ghost, and why it has closed his lips so effectually. Seriously I hope much from that lad." " Then be sure I will do my best." "You see, I am taking-you at.yonr word. And there's one more thing. I have been told that strangers go oftenest to the Glenville when in town. Now it behoves me to know the latest comers, and the newcomers there, and chance having given me opportunity to break the ice by being polite to Mrs Jamieson. I have improved the moments. I don't mean" that I am studying the lady for any sinister purpose, but one can see that she iB quite a social leader in the house, and through her I have already come-to know several of the other inmates. Mra Jamieson very much desires to know you, and if you will allow her to call, as under the circumstances she desires to do, and if you will return that ca 1 in short, put yourself upon the footing of an acquaintance—it will really help me greatly." For a long moment Hilda did not speak, then " I will do as you wish, of course," she said, but the note of eager readiness had gone out of' her voice. " Hut I cannot even think of that woman without living over again our first meeting and the awful news dealt me. Will 1 ever outlive the hurt of it f " It hurt her, too; 1 am sure of that. She is a keenly sensitive woman. She went from your schoolroom really ill, so her friend has told me." "I can well believe that. She looked ill when she came to me. And who can wonder ?" her tone softening. " Mrs Jamieson is certainly kind, and why should we not be friends ? She is a lady, refined and charming Don't think me, unreasonable, Mr -Ferrars. I shall be pleased to receive her, of course." " Thank you. And remember, that for the present Francis Ferrars becomes Ferriss, Ferriss-Grant. YouH not Torget your part I" I will not forget," she answered. And wheu he was gone she smiled a sad little womanly smile. ' After all, a detective is but a .man, and that petite, soft spoken, dainty blonde woman is just the -sort to fascinate a big-hearted, Btrong man like Francis Ferrars." (To le Continued). 