LILIAN TREMAYNE'S SECRET. By BERTHA Mt. CLAY (Authoress of "An Ideal Love," &c.;) CHAPTER XV. SIR GEORGE GRANVILLE S ADVICE. " The countess thinks that you may be n my way I" exclaimed the earl. "Good leavens, what's the mystery now?" Sir George looked at him keenly for a ew momentsa; then went on "I see that you have no suspicion, )udley. I see that you do not regard e in the light of a rival. I had no sue icion until a few days ago that Lady 'rauces Travers and yourself were looked pon by some people as an engaged ouple. I hoped that it was the usual. le gossip; for, to be candid with you, Sly Iirances has fired the dormant ssions of my heart. I find that my Idness, my cynicism my utter indiffor cO to woman's charms have all been 'o shatters. Your mother evidently. id something of this; she regarded is a possible rival, and studiously c me. From your manner, Dudley, to« nod that you did not care ~"ý tlt0 fieil was y o; ayiu tote my friend, and ýr' ojeakmng to you. I have had ' my muind since we went to the e together; I would not sail under colours." _. had risen to his feet, and was tardiug the earl anxiously, hopefully. SIf you and Lady Frances are tacitly ;aged -if there is any definite under nling between you, I will go away-I ,l never speak to her again." ' Are you so hard hit," smiled the earl. V'hy, I thought that your heart was de of granite-that women were all illess, seltish, vain, false, etc, etc, "Don t, old man ; i acknowledge tiha .as in error; 1 recant. I find that 1 I just as vulnerable as other fellows ien the dart of Master Cupid is fired ), the eyes of Lady Frances Travers. nu do not love her-you do not care for Ssee it at once, and rejoice, al .i wonder at your lack of taste." Sou are right, Granville; I believe the countess and Lady Travers, the Sr, have arranged some affair in their nvi minds, but without consulting me. am very fond of Lady Frances, as a end; an old playmate, a sister, but thiyig Igora ; so you have my full per ission to go in and win, and I sincerely sil you ,ll success. The baronet was a happy man, and he i-re-sed it in both speech and manner. iow," Athol continued, "'I will tell' utihy I came here, why I want your I know that I can trust to your 'I nt. I know that I shall get your :hy, now that you are in love ycur t?aold his friend the whole story of, iieting with Marian Tremayne, of. h, eh q larrel with his mother, his ' for Marian, the story he had i: aid her parting at the gate with : d Boyd. Seurge listened patiently and ( he had not much consolati n ' earl-i it was a most difficult :-iJ :place before any nan. e tirst; place," he asked. " Why as T-rmasno keep her addressi ':i ot diticult'to oxplain. S'1e, S" sa-j-~itcig ncTiriferrialis p i dress- aund that after she had a r? ically turned out of my house, ii Sduty, if I cared for her, to Sfirst advances." a -iu are right; but had this r tart iay inotives for speaking lightly coifess that I know of none. I do lie ve that he knew one word of our intnice even." £hat looks black; and what you saw, aj: -ou heard afterwards, with your , eyes and ears, appears to my tind :nfdrm one's very worst suspicions. jley, I am awfully sorry for you. ,m .the facts laid before me-and aking as an impartial friend, as an iser who has none but your welfare in d-I should say tear out this girl an your heart-forget .her. At the It she is surrounded by some mystery, it it may b. infamous " 'God help me," groaned the earl. ,i or ve of mylife has been give ; \- rget her-I can never love "t Ife is wrecked beyond recall, /1 fit anything before dishonor, i:P . ~ rre dishoiour!" Ssnile after. he took leave of sr'Sir'c.ry hope dead within him. ( rt his own house, and II' edccaidilly. 1"in a mechanical sort of too early for the fashionable abroad. and he was glad of it. Sis suffering it is hard to wear . race-it is an indescribable / be bored even by common ,w .He eat quietly in a corner for an r, his senses dullted; he felt like a n who had received a severe blow-a 'w that had dazed and numbed him To the ordinary osserver he was deeply rested in his paper his head was od over it-his eyes seemed to be ed on the closely printed paper; but Id not see a word; it was al a mass of moving liueu and dots. eless misery was his toaster at lred with him-enveloped muld iot break through its -7 ,iasa starts Dy t.e siunUU fwoO en o were in earnest con ad he fancied that he recog S nes of both. le looked up Ie lonorable Frederick Vansi o? e further end of the room talk 1:i; ttle nan whose back was toward SS:irely he kne" that voice that t,! No; the man faced round, and ng Lord Lytte, bowed to Vansirart p ?uc?l- y , vanished. It was not hi ut,t it was marvellously like him; must be his brother at least. 'vall itrt enodded faitiarly to the b and itnde ohis wtay toward aim, his a r faco bealnine o ith s hiles. b e s'rewed his eye- dass into its place, and eed .Athol critically. By Jzoi" he said, Iyou were quite out of sorts woe n we met a few days s4o, , nd in a beast of a temper, too h Haven't ri.overed yourself yet, Dudley ? One S... ,I.... hir lost the best of :M14 bily po0sse9ons. Ohby the way, 4 os the-sr-feliow that I wai Ilk ~ o"~~dora He waylaid in in the doorway tlmyli e hereo-3aY he has been on the lookout Ifor me for a week -heard my man was leoving me, and all that sort of thing my-er- aryyeou know. s men timned soatein. about his brother being tinoed onlith Vincent is his name." "Jy vale}t' name is Vincent," replied Athol, 0hortyrt I "h'ml So he spoke the truth. I don'tmer-liko being accosted in this way by'such people. Looks like a tradesman, Ssuch phople of that kind, you kno . Oh o-er-did you find that fiddling fellow you were after; L forget his name; got a pretty daughter, down at Eppine. She's eoig odthe etage; that's settled, as lam "roatinga part for her in my new drama. Plenty of beauty, little talent; half a dozen 'my lords' already in her train, and a breach of promise case for fifty thou-that's the way with these women. Heigho I they're artful, artful, artful, aid finish up by taking a doddering duke by the-er-nose. What Going I Going? Bless me, how queer you have become, Dudley I Good-morning -- good-morn ing." The earl mumbled something, and left the club. The atmosphere was stifling, and he felt that he hated the honorable Frederick Vansitart. Could this man, with his sneering face and malicious eyes, know anything of the one episode in his life that had caused his ruin ? Was he sneering at him-making fun of him 1" His brow grew dark with rage, and he clenched his hands tightly together. Should he go back and ldemand his mean ing 1 Should he seize the mocking fiend by the throat, and shake the truth out of him 1 nie paused irresolutely on the steps ot the club-house, wrath blazing in his eyes, hatred bubbling in his heart. If this man knew anything, if he was laughing at the Earl of Lytte -ah, Hlea ven I then he had learned the story from Marian Tremayne ; she, too, was holding him up to contempt and ridicule. "Kob, sir; keb, sir ?" The familiar query of the streets startled him, and with a savage: -"' No, no !" he strode away at a rapid pace, reckless, heart- broken, wretched. CHAPTER XVI. THE COUNTESS MEETS WITH DEFEAT. It was an hour past luncheon when the earl mounted the broad steps to the handsome portico of Argyle House. He went directly to his own private apart ments, Vincent, his valet, being promptly in attendance upon him. "I don't want you, Vincent,' he said, "and I do not wish to be disturbed for an hour at least. You understand 1" " Yes, my lord." "One moment, Vincent. I never heard that you had a brother until this morning," continued the earl. "No I" He shrugged his shoulders, deprecatingly. "'I never thought him worthy of mention, my lord. He is no credit to me." " That will do. I am going to my bath; in an hour 1 shall be in my study, if the countess asks for me." The valet withdrew, and Athol pro ceeded to refresh himself with a cold bath His actions were becoming very deliberate now; in one short week he seemed to have aged years; the springy step, the eaer, good-humored smile, the impet nous gestures were gone. Life was value less to him; the senseless roundl of so ciety was but a hollow,.mocking'sham ; selfish gaiety, spiteful tittle-tattle,-empty aazzle, a neeting snolw tnat lea only to tne grave. He would leave it all; it was hateful to him; he cared not for the tongue of gossp ; he, had little pity even for his mother now. Her interference, her struggle for complete authority was distasteful. He told himself that she should have all she wanted. tie was quite decided upon that point. He had not been long in his study when there was an imperative tap, tap at the door, and my lady came in, her cheeks flushed, an angry light in her eyes. She closed the door behind her, and gazed steadily at her son. She was some what startled by his altered appearance, but she was none the less disgusted, out rsIred. by lin coi . ft'gy Tidaainig her a chair. Tins only She angered her more; his coolness sent her to the into a passion of white heat. the a " Athol, your conduct is simply unbear- fashio able," she explained. " if you have no whom respect for yourself, and the position you faces, should hold, it is your duty to behave a11th decently, for my sake. There are several the c peop in the houae, and you told meo w distinctly thait you woald lunch at home to-day, and afterward discuss the arrange- sih, ioienti for ou. opeting ball. Instead of hit that ou go away without a word ; you are Le seen in the streets at an early hour, when earth clerks and that class of people are going he to business; the breakfast waited for grave 1 you, and lunch was kept nack for twenty- H five minutes. It is simply disgraceful 1 a made excuses for you, and shall be a wa I laughing- stock. I really cannot endure ent e such treatment. I passed overyourabone n ee last night, and to look at you one would think you were half demented. me. 1 The earl regarded her with provoking Scoolness during this outburst, though his e face b-cami pater, and the corners of his 1, mouth twitched nervously. lie had never 5 sa r, seen his proud mother so far forget her self before. In her opinion, very often of expressed, it was an evidence of bal a. breeding to lay bare one's feelings. She me. ld had no sympathy with people who did L that kind of thing, and her son was sur- din is prised. of LMother," he said, firmly, " I have no she le wish to quarrel with you. I have had no fton it. hand in any of the arrangements of this littl ar ball, and do not intend to be present. It h le is your own affair entirely. Had you cha n- consulted me before issuig invitations, ala an things might have been different." a " Consulted you I" she ejaculated, in Atr -a amazement; " your father always left Fr these affsirs to me; your father never po ,ly questioned my judgment." bie ea " I am sorry to say that I do," replied Cou be Athol. " I consider that your love of th sut bending everybody to your own desires, s80 a your delight in intermeddling with mat- we ts. rers exclusively belonging to myself, wil H at one day make a breach between us that t ,ed may never be bridged." iY its My lady turned crimson, then her face k became white. lhii nd " You are thinking of that wretched m' on- companion who nearly entrapped you. or :o. But for me you would have married the h up creature. But for me you would never h .si- have discovered that she already has f ilk- more thin one discreditable lover." ard He started up at these words, his face t that becoming wrathful. and ' Yiou have had me watched," he said. e Eart "Thank you!" She never forgot the his quiet, intense tones, the bitterness, the im; sarcasm. "Thank you, Lady Lytte. 1 was not thinking of M1iss Tremayne; I t the was thinkiln of the insult you offered to b his my friend, Sir George Granville, last S' He night. Once more, mother, I repeat that n and I wdll not quarrel with you-I refuse to have a acene that may widen the breach " uite that is surely growing between us. I ago, loved Miss Tremayne, and the shock of ven't proving her unworthy of my love has 5 One been terrible to me. You may consider st of yourself an able strategist, but your way, abilities, combined with those of the was people you set to watch my movements, ylaid will never bring about the marriage upon skout which you have set your heart. I shall Swas never care for any woman again, and I ig- shall never marry." men- "Ridiculous!" being "1 have done, Lady Lytte. Do not e * think that I wish to usurp your power; tplied it is my intention to leave you in undis turbed possession of the field. I am going h. I away; I do not know where; but I am .sway going away to seek forgetfulness." sman, The countess was frightened now ; she .m Oh had pictured a different termination to ,wyou the interview. She had made up her got a mind to scold her son-to shame him She's to show him his duty ; but he had met ,a lam her with stronger weapons. He had Irama. become suddenly transformed into a resolute man, and she felt that her.power was gone. "Athol, my son," she gasped. " What madness is this ? You will set the whole world talking. You will break my heart. You have never seen me weep before; see, I am weeping now-my pride is broken 1 Do not think only of yourself-but of the race to which you belong-think of me think of Lady Frances Travers-who cares for you- who believes that she is to be your wife." "Mother," the earl said, gently. "Your reference to Lady Frances Travers only strengthens my resolve to go away. I can never marry her-I can never love again. My heart is dead I She shall know the truth from my lips, and I pray heaven that she may meet some man worthy of her." iTn countess did not offer further argument, and as the earl seemed to shrink from her presence, she left him, feeling a pain at her heart-the humilia tion of defeat. She had estranged the affections of the only being she had ever really loved on earth. Her schemes had fallen in dust and ashes at her feet; but she reflected that she was only trying to carry out his dead father's wishes-to perfect an arrangement of many years standing, for, with such a wife as Lady Frances, she would never be deposed. This resolve this stupid resolve to go away might mean nothing. He was smarting under a keen disappointment. He thought that his heart was broken. What nonsense 1 Hearts were not broken n that way, particularly the hearts of healthy young men. He had experienced lis first foolish love-dream, and had nvested the object that had inspired it with all that was beautiful and good. Of :ourse she was not like other girls; she was immeasurably their superior in every way; but hle had found out that his idol was of the commonest clay. My lady hivered slightly, but she congratulated herself that Athol had fallen so completely nto the trap. "I would not undeceive him," she thought, " now that he has proved him. self so rastless under restraint. I am his er master no longer. He will forget the 1s handsome face of my late companion, and marry Lady Frances yet! I must humor 5' his whims. I must oppose him no more. n If he decides to travel, it will not be for 0 long. I shall be disappointed, but I am mistress no longer- my son ignores my I control. Lady Frances must know e nothing of this-- nothing." Meanwhile, the earl remained buried in Sthought He did not like the reference to Lady Frances Travers, and, at length e decided to see her without delay. She 0 should not be misled any longer. e He wrote a few lines to his mother, stating that he was going away at once for a while. t might be a month, or a year. Everything was absolutely at her own control. Oh, how these words stabbed her over afterwards I He left 0 the note on his table, knowing that it a would ultimately fall into her hands, and ' left the house without a word to any one. S He hired a cab, and told the man to drive quickly to Lady Travers, Park Lane. In ten minutes he was being effusively welcomed by Lady Travers, who was somewhat astonished by his hurried call. " Is the countess with you ?" she asked. " No," replied Athol. "I have come in a cab alone, and upon a matter of importance. Can 1 see Lady Frances ?" Lady Travers looked up at him mis chievously, and yet she was perplexed anxious. He did not look like a lover who had something pleasant to say-but, then, Athol Dudley had always been different from other men. *-± i T"il ~'." uw wt y U . 1. 1 She loft the room, and tto earl waiKOb to the window. He gazed moodily into the street, which was now alive with fashionably dressed people, many of whom he knew. He noted their smiling faces, and wondered if there was one in all the vast throng at whose heart gnawed the canker-worm of despair-whose pain was equal to his own. le dropped into a fauteuil, and a deep sigh, that was almost like a groan, escaped hiim. He felt that there was no creature on earth so utterly miserable and hopeless as he Life was one dreary blank, and the grave appeared to be the only relief. SHe buried his face in his hands, and it was in this attitude that Lady Frances found him ; he did not know that she had entered the room, until her sweet soft voice fell upon his ears. " Athol, msmma says that you want me." neve CHAPTER XVII. frien "SHE 00ULD NEVER BE WICKED OR seen TALSB." Coun "Athol, mamma says that you want ng me." u Lady Frances had unconsciously. dropped into the old familiar way of speak- SI ing to the earl. It was the first time that me, she had addressed him so since her return stra from the continent, and she blushed a did little, her eyes shining happily the while. and le raised his white face, and her look heas changed to one of disappointment and plac alarm. Only the 6ay before had the wel Countess of Lytte whispered to her that to r Athol would speak soon, and Lady Frances considered him as much her own see property as though it had all been settled ces, between them long ago. Perhaps he had tha come to tell her now that he loved her that he wanted her to be his wife very b soon-and for the first time since they tro were children press her to his heart I liv How well she remembered the last kiss i fou It was quite ten years ago I At a New Year's gathering, or something of the "I kind, and he had whispered that she was his little sweetheart 1 How women ro- thi Smember these things! He had not kissed un or embraced her since then since that he Shappy evening -long, long ago. They Shad felt shy of each other, because their Sfuture had been so much discussed by m their parents ; but they belonged one to ra the other none the less. She believed dc that with all her heart, and the..know Sledge made her happy. m " Athol, you are not well; you are e ill," the girl said. " ,' am well enough, Lady Frances," Ai I the earl replied, pulling himself together w by an effort, and summoning a ghost of ax W st smile to his face. " I want you to sit near to me, for I have something to tell o tou-something that has been on my ti 'li mind from the moment you and my I mother took me up at the Marble Arch." a of Lady Frances blushed again, and her r Sshy happy eyes sought his gloomy ones. r was there to tell her but the old sweet e story that she had been expecting-tha I Sthe countess had assured her would be n told her very soon. But why did the I all earl look so gloomy about it 7 Surely he i I could not for one moment doubt that she loved him-that she was his wholly and molely 1 lot "Yes," she said, gently. I am ýr ; listening." is- "We shall not be disturhed " he asked, ing "We must not be disturbed, because I am have so much to say to you,,Lady:Fraices, she may never hear it." to She was startled by the wild lcok in her his eyes ; she could not understand him, ,- and an icy chill swept over her heart. net "Mamma knows that we are here," had she said, "and will permit no one to Sinterrupt us ; but if it will be any satis r faction to you, Athol, I will turn the key in the lock." t He wa'ched her graceful figure as she o stepped across the room, and for the second time that week he had to acknow ,ledge that she was a lovely woman-a I possession that any man might be proud Sof. If hlie hid his grief from her -if he \- married her, it would make her happy at a least. He had no other aim-no other 3 object in life. Then flashed before his mind's vision the passionate and beautiful face of the woman who had deceived him, Sand he shivered as though chilled. It were better to face the worst at once ; he i believed that it would be more painful to Shim to tell his story to Lady Frances, then for Lady Frances to listen. He i would at least beohonest with her, and if her sufferings were keen, his,were keener, His resentment towards ,the countess increased when he looked into the girl's anxious and expectant face. Here was more of her well- meant, but officious meddling, and his heart almost failed him. "Lady Frances," Athol began, "I am in trouble-I have met with a severe dis appointment, and for a time I have deter mined to travel-to go away from the hateful, senseless glamor of society at once, or I shall go mad. I have come to you, Lady Frances, as my mother seems to think that there is some obligation or bond between us. Because our estates 1 joined, and we were children together, our parents have hoped to join:our hearts -or at least our hands, thinking that a marriage between us would harmonise I with.their wishes and ambitions." Lady Travers had become deadly i white, and her hands trembled. " I am told, Lady Frances, that you i regard this arrangement as binding-that you are willing to sacrifice yourself to the whims of your mother and mine." "No-no," whispered the girl. "Then you do not wish- " he began. "I would not marry ýyou, Athol, if I did not love you with my whole heart and soul," she cried, hiding her face. " Who has been telling you that I do not love you-that I would drag you into a loveless marriage ? I gave my heart to you long ago; it is yours now." " You do not understand," he said, bitterly. 'Frances, can you not see that I have no love to give to you-that I want you to be free 1" She gazed at him in a way that he never forgot. That look haunted him for a life-time. Had she heard aright ? Was he jesting ? Then his earnest and trou bled face convinced her. He did nat love her. He never could love her. A sharp cry of pain burst from her. Oh, the agony, the humiliation, the shame of it i And this was his trouble. The countess had told him that it was time for him to speak to her, and his heart had spoken. " Frances," he whispered, gently, " my anguish is almost too much for me. I want you to help me, if you will-to help me to be strong." " My lord," she replied, bitterly, "I have made my confession. You will think none the worse of me for that ? I have looked upon you as my lover for so long -you, and you only. You have my love -I cannot take it away. If I am never to be your wife, let me be your dearest friend. Your happiness will be my hap piness." A few tears dropped down her cheeks, but she bravely brushed them away. "Now tell me," she. said, "why you are so very unlhappy-why you ham leaving "Lady iFances, I.am aornAi. ;ist I e'xpected. You'will tbinZ ...red. you will havo no ýsmpathy with nIf jtl1 yet I would rather you heard it fro4 ?" lips than from the lying tongue ofw.' To be brief, Lady Travis, mVrn t i .s broken, and a woman is eo cause of it. I see that you start; ypu did not dream that I had over thought of love, or had presumed to thwart the wishes of the countess. But it is true-it is only too true." - - -lDo you know the lady 't wnisperea Lady Frances, softly. "Can 1 help you ?" -" The woman who won my heart, only to cast it from her with scorn," proceeded the earl, " was my mother's companion Miss Tremayne. You have seen her often, Frances ; you have talked iith her, walked with her, and were good friends. Tell me, what did you think of her ? Would you have deemed her false -would you have credited her with wickedness ?'" " No," said Lady Frances, " she could never be wicked or false. We were friendly, very friendly, but I have not seen Miss Tremayne for a year. The countess would tell me nothing concern ing her when I made enquiries. She otuld never be wickel or false, Athol." "But she is," he went on, scorntuly. " She and the countess quarrelled about me, and Miss Tremayue went home, and straightway out of my life for ever. She ] did not trouble to communicate with me, i and it took me a long time to find her. I heard ugly stories about her in ugly places. I loved her-I trusted her too well to believe one word of what was told to me." "But you doubted her a little; I can see that you did," observed Lady Fran ces, "and no.true woman can forgive that." "I was angry," confessed the earl; "but listen, Lady Frances. After much trouble I found out where Miss Tremayne lived; I went to her home at night, and found her there with another lover." " Another lover " exclaimed the girl. "No, no I I cannot believe that." "But I tell you that I did! I saw their shadows on the blind, and I waited until they came out into the garden. I heard words of love-- heard kisses. " And then l' S"I demanded who the fellow was, for my heart was bursting with jealousy, Srage, despair, and my life is wrecked-is I desolate." lady Francis was silent for a few minutes ; then she looked up, saying : " This is a sad story, Athol, out l can not believe that this man was a lover if Marian Tremayne was your promised wife. What explanation did she offer, or were you too angry to listen to her I Depend upon it, you are wrecking your own life by your impetuosity-by your temper and your pride." "No, no 1" he laughed harshly. "I am surprised that you defend her; I did not expect that you would, and yet I am glad. She refused to tell me who the man was ; she could not deny her wicked ness-her guilt, but became indignantly heroic, and ordered me to leave her forever I She declared that she hated me for suspecting her-that she would not marry me if I begged of her to do so on my knees." " That is a proof that she was innocent of any wrong," said Lady Frances, firmly, a new light coming into her eyes. "You forget," he went on, brokenly, "that what 1 saw with my own eyes was Swhat I had been told to expect. You mean well, Lady Frances, but the good ness of your heart leads you into sophistry that is worse than fallacious. I would give the whole of my fortune if. I could believe you-I would give my fortune to knrow that I had misjudged the woman I Shoped to make my wife-the only woman o 1 can ever love. I feel that I have in a i. measure d.. a my duty by telling you all, y and I shall go away knowing that you do not quite regard me as a villain." e Lady Frances was too agitated to speak e for a few moments; then she took ona of Shis hands between hers, and he felt a a warm tear fall upon it. 1 "I can never think ill of you, Athol," e she said, " and am sorry for this trouble t that has come into your life. I know r that it must be terrible, but you have a misjudged Marian Tremayne." 1 He rose with a sad, hopeless sort of Smile, and pressing a light kiss upon her b cheek, whispered: "Good-by." S"For the last time " "For the last time," he said. " Speak for me to your mother and to mine. I Sdon't want any fuss, and I feel that most of my sorrow is due to the countess. Some day I will forgive her; I cannot I quite do it now. 1 can see that she Sexults over my defeat." "Athol l" "It is true, Frances. You are my only woman friend. You are enshrined in my heart forever." '" Hut you will tell me where you are going?" she asked, her face wet with tears. " I do not know myself. Good-by." He pressed her hand tightly, and was gone. gLady Frances could restrain herself no 16lger, but fell to the floor in a swoon. In this state she was found an hour later by Lady Travers and the Countess of Lytte. The countess had seen her son's note and followed him to Lady Travero'. She was in a state of great agitation, and when she knew that he was really gone, she felt that her plans had ended badly indeed. (To be Conti'ved) 