MORBID THOUGHTS IN STORIES. Deab ' V rviENNE,' — ' Valerie's ' standard of literacy excellence for short story writers is, I think, too high. True, the object of the writer should be never to debase or lower the moral tone of literature, although he may not aspire to' instruct or elevate. JLhus, a writer may have no such idea as to do either of these, his sole object being to 'amuse. He therefore keeps in full touch with his subject throughout, adhering closely to the idiosyncracies, ?mannerisms, and modes of expression of his several characters, and depicting faith fully life as it is lived by them, avoiding , not vulgarisms or what may appear to the hyper- refined undesirable language and suggestions, but those .things^ which are actually immoral and hurtful. It seems to ma that 'Valerie' is strongly conserva tive, in that she fears souie impending danger to society, as it exists, through writers issuing to the world pessimistic ideas clothed in fiction. Who is there will say that the prevailing social idea is the /right one? But few, I think. Therefore it doesn't matter greatly whether the writer be morbid in style, sanguine as Mark Tapley, or humorous a3 Mark Twain, so long as his object be to remove from society blemishes which should not exist. I am hot aware that morbidity. in any way detracts from literary B' - it, or that morbid writers are genc-iv -low the highest standard of litBr... ^ii^llence. What of Edgar Allan Poe, jjoijins and his prose stories — 'Tales of Mystery and Imagination ?' Who will decry Poe's 'High Ideals in Literature'? Again, Carlyle's morbidity all through his glorious book, 'The French Revolution,' indi cates the best of literary work. Nor should we fall foul of Robert Dale Owen because he wrote .' Footfalls on the Boun dary of Another World,' or Mrs. Crowe for her ' Nightside of Nature.' Ancl we may even go further back to our earlier novels — ' The Old Euglish Baron,' ' The Castle of Otranto,' and others^ — to show how the horrible, the mysterious have beeu in favor, yet hare not, in ray opinion, made our race a particularly gloomy one. We Anglo-Saxons, and our offspring, are a staid people, but we are pre- eminently practical, and I feel assured that our gay and vivacious friends across the Channel are, in spite of their gaiety and apparent light- liearteduess, far more inqlined to the supernatural than we are. As for your Australian, man or woman, you don't 'have' them easily with ghost stories, however much they may like to read them or hear them recited, for if Old England is practical, the Australian is doubly so; in fact, Australians are not an emotional people. Yet I know them to be strongly addicted tp sensational, emotional litera ture. Regarding writers, journalists, or littera teurs (often combined in Australia), they write to live, which does not imply, by any means, that they are devoid of principle, sentiment, feeling, morality, or even religion. ' Thus, for instance, it would be ridiculous to say that the editor oE a secular paper lived on a lower moral plane than tne editor of the Australian Chubchman or The Methodist. It doesn't follow that an editor subscribes to all that appears in hi$ paper, either in regard to contributed matter or advertisements. The newspaper is a -commercial undertaking, and he who runs one, irrespective of busi ness considerations, for the particular purpose of reforming mankind on his own pet lines, invariably comes ' a cropper,' aa I happen to know to my cost. Thus a man, ha ving the necessary literary skill, goes oti writing stories for the market; he writes so as to please his ptftrons, and w.bflh he-ceases to please them he may consider either that he must 'change his s£yle so as to plaase another class of readers, or that he iB played out, in which case he may burn his tools of trade and give his braiu a rest — perhaps a long one. Much appears in newspapers which should not appear — and which, I guarantee, most of the editors hate and detest with all their souls; yet the inexorable, the unsympathetic, the autocratic power that rules both Press and pur$e— the public — insists that it must be so. And what can be said? Nothing. When a man has an income big enough to live upon he may publish his own opinions^ and nobody will grtfmble ; he may be called a faddist, but so long as he pays what's the^odds? So with a newspaper. A man with a big, bulging forehead, and a bigger banking account, may go in for philA&thropy;, sentiment, morals, chimeras, and such things until he dies, or his.claim runs out; and' then, in spite of all the pleasure, the instruction, the amusement, the excellent adrice, and the monetary aid he has given, he may-rot in obliviop/for all the world cares. It is^the- successful, man- .who suc ceeds^ who is honored in life and extolled after death — and to be successful is to If eep in touch with thosp who can make success po&ttible.; On these lines newspapers are. published, books written, and plpys acted, and, I may say, sermons preached, so that they who cater for the'public are all pretty much in the same boat, no matter what form their catering assumes. — I am, &c.;, G.C.J. 