SermGn. Barrier to Glory. Br Tim Lite C. H. SrrcoEoy. And there ehiril in no wise enter into it any thing that defile-lb, nrUKrwluttsccvcr worketh abomination, or makcth a lie ;. tut they which are written in tfce Lamb's boost of life. - fieveta- j lions The text refers to the scorified Church of j our Lord Jesus Christ. That perfected com pany .of the elect and sanctified is set forth j jn tills wonderful chapter under the image of a citv descending 4* froin God out of heaven, Separed as a bride adorned for her husband." er work-day dress nil laid aside, the bride appears in garment of "needlework and rai ment of wrought gold. The militant church, the church of the present day, is comparable to a tent, and is well imaged by the tabernacle in the wilderness : it is lit up within by the glory of God's presence, and covered without by the fiery cloudy pillar of His eternal pro vidence ; but yet to the eyes of hku it is in can and incoufiderable, for verily it doth r.ot yet appear what it shall he. Br-and-by this same church, which to-day is likened unto a . structure of curtains, readily removed from . pluco to place, shall become a city,' fixed, permanent, high-walled, and compact together. A *( city which hath foundations, whose builder and maker is God." The i . coznforw and trials of the desert life shall be exchanged for the quiet and comfort of a city dwelling. There shall be nothing of the wilderness about the church triumphant; it shall be a right royal abode, the metropolis of the universe, the palace of tiic great ICiug. 1\. But what saith the text ? I beseech you, listen attentively to the solemn sound of the word of exclusion, 44 There shall in no wise enter into it anything that defileth, neither whatsoever worketh abomination, makcth a He." This is no arbitrary decree; I it is a solemn declaration to which all holy | spirits give their willing assent—an ordinal of which even the excluded themselves shall admit the justice. For, first, it is not meet that so royal and divine a corporation as the glorified Church o: God should ha ruined by defilement. Godforbidihat "herlight, which is like unto a stone most precious, even like a jasper atone, clear as crystal," should ever be dimmed by the breath of sin. How beauti ful was this fair world in the early morning of her creation, when the dew of her youth glistened upon her, and the sunlight of God made her face to shine. Keep watch and ward, ye shining ones, that this beauty be not marred. Let watchers and holy traes fly round the now-made, to drive far hence the apostate • spirit j and his fellows who . kept not first estate. Sad was the hour when with dragon wing the falleu spirit, descended into E.len, advanced to Mother Eve, and whispered in her car the fell temptation. Oh, ye seraphs, would God your fiery swords had kept out the arch-decciver, that this world might ucver have fallen: thai \vc might have dwelt hire amidst sunny glades, by pure rivers rippling o'c-r sands of gold, a holy and happy race, making every hill and vale vocal with the praise of God! Jfow, oh earth, thou art a field of blood, but thou raightest, have been u garden of delights: now art thou one vast cemetery, where nil the du*t was once a part of the living fabric of mortal men; but thou mightest have been as the firmament, fiiied with ers all shining to their Creator's praise. Alas that Eden shouid now remain only as a name—gone an a vision of the night! Inasmuch us wc could heartily wish that evil had never entered into the primeval world, wo earnestly deprecate the idea that it should ever defile the new. Shall those new heavens ever lock down with amazement upon the flight of u rebellious spirit, flying, beneath their serene azure, on an errand of destruction 'r Shall the jewelled walls of the thricc-hnly city be overleaped by an enemy of the King who is there cn throued Shall the serpent leave this hen-id trail upon the heavenly Eden, twice made of the Lord? God forbid! The ymrily of a world t wice made, the perfection of the church of the regenerate, the majesty of the presence of God, all demand that every sinful thing should be excluded. Ilcaveu were not heaven if it were possible for evil of any sort to enter there. Therefore, stand firm, O dread decree, for it would be cruelty to saint* and destruction to heaven that there should in any wise enter into it siny thing that defileth. Let me add taut our own hearts forbid that evil should so enter. You know, brethren, how a few rags from the Fast have sometimes carried a plague into a city ; and if you were standing at the quay when a plague-laden ship arrived, you would err, 4 * Burn those rags; do anything with them, but do keep them away from the people! Bring rot the pest into a vast city, where it. may clay its thousands!" So do wc cifr J' Great "God. forbid it, that anything that defileth should enter into Thy .perfected Church ! We cannot endure the thouuht thereof." Draw your swords, ye angels; stand in your serried ranks, ye eeraphim, and smite every defiled one that would force a passage withiu the gates of pearl. 44 There shall in no wise enter into it anything that defilelh." 2\. Will you think with inc cf that word of exclusion working within the scnl—within my soul, within yours? It sit* in judgment upon me, and it chasten* ine. It strikes home to rny conscience, and rouses me to self- examination. Its vote* is solemn; and strike* heavily upon the car, as wc remember its, wide sweep and compre hensive breadth—44 There shall In no who enter into it anything that defileth." X«> j*-r non who defiles, no fallen spirit or sinful man, can enter. And a* no per.tcu, so n».j Tendency, leaning, iaeiiuathu, or will to sit: j can gain admission. No wish, no desire, no hunger, towards that which is unclean shall ever be found in the perfect city of God. Nor even a thought of erfl can be conceived there, much less a sinful act performed. If they arc shut out who defile and • are defiled, where arc you-? aye, where are you ? Thou art still red-handed, 0 sinful raau, though tbr crirr.o was worked some twenty years ago. Thou art black". O sinner, still, though it be fifty years ago that thy chief sin was committed ; for time has no bleaching power upou a crimson >iu. The guiit of an old offence is as fresh as though it were wrought but yester morn. Our sins in themselves make tis unclean and unfit for holy company, and, alas I they are many. Oitr sins have left a secoud defilement upon us, by creating the tendcncy to do the like again. Is there one among us that has sinned who does not know that he is all the more likely to sin again ? . 3. The word of salvation in the context meets the difficulty raised by the sentence,' "There shall in no wis? enter into it any thing that dcfilcth/' But, fir?t, my past sin, what of that? There are many who are even now w.thin the Church of God above, sind we will ask concerning them, " Who are these arrayed in white robes, and whence came they" We receive the reply,- " These j are they that have .washed their robes, and made them white in the blood of the Lamb/* *• In the blood of the LumlrM I feel as if I could sing those words. What jny that there should be anything that can take all my stains away~ ail without exception—ahd make me whiter than snow. What a glorious truth it is— Christ instead of me—God Himself, the uifended One, in the offenders place, bowing His august head to vengeance and laying Ilia eternal majesty in the dishonour of a tomb; this is the fulness of consolation. 0 Lamb of God. my Sacrifice, I shull enter heaven now! 1 shall pas* the scrutiny of the Infallible watcher?. I shall no: be afraid of the eyes of fire. I shall be without spot or wrinkle, or. any such thing—"Washed in the blood of the Lamb I" Thisisourfir.it groat comfort, brethren—"Ho. that believeth in Hi in is not condemned." "He that belicwtli in Him is justified from all things from which ho could not be justified by the law of Moses/' •* There is therefore now no condemnation to them that arc in Christ Jestis," whose blood " clenuseth from all fin/* But here is the poSui: There is still no cutraucc into the holy city so long n? there are any ovll tendencies within us. This is the work, this is the difficulty; anu since these are to be overcome, how is the work to be.cone":' Simple baiieving upon Chri.it brings you justification, but you want more than that; you need modification, the purgation of your nature: for have wo not seen that until our nature itself is purged, the enjoyment of heaven must be impossible? There can be no knowledge of God, no com munion with God, no delight in God hereafter unless all sin is put away and our fallen nature is entirely changed. Cau this be done? It emi. Faith in Christ tolls us of some thing chc beside the blood. There is a Divine Person — let us bow our beads and worship Him—ihu noly Ghost, who proceedeth from the Father, and He it is who renews us in the spirit of our mind?. When we believe in Jcsua the Spirit enters into the heart, creating within us a new life; that life struggles and contends against the old life, or rather the old death, and as it struggles it gathers strength and grows; it masters the evil, and puts its foot upon the neck of the tendency to sin. «Do vuu feel this Spirit within you? You must be under its power or perish. If any man have not the Spirit of Christ lie is none of His. I would not have yon imagine that in dedth everything is to be accomplished tor us mysteriously, in the last solemn article; we arc to look for a work of grace in life, a pre sent work, moulding our character among men. Ob, sir?, the esnctifying work of the Holy Spirit is not a sort of extreme tmction reserved for death-beds; it isu matter for the walks of life and the activities of'to day. Suppose vre should l»e in the next world what some of u< are now, defiled and un lru!hft.i—what remains? That is an awful ;cxt in the parable of the virgins—"And the door was shut/.' You read of these who said, " Lord, Lord, open to as !" to whom Ho answered, "I know rou not." You have read of them; will any one of us he among them ? Will any oue of us who has a lamp, and is thought to be a virgin soul, he among the shut-out ones on whose car shall fall the words, " I know you not whence you are*'? There shall be no purgation in", eternity, and no possible way of entering in among the perfected ; for it is written. " There shall in no wise enter into it any thing that defiletli." No crying, "Lord! Lord!" uo striving to enter in, no tears—no, not creu the • pangs of hell itself—shnll ever purge the soul so as to make it fit to join, with the holy church above, should it pass into the future state uncleansed. Shut out! 0 God, may that never be truo of anyone among us, for Christ's dear name sake! "How did you come out of that last speculation of yours, Blowly?" "None of rour business." ""Sorry that you lost, old 