THE LIGHT THAT CASTS NO SHADOW. j Cukious stories are told about thc powers possessed by certain natives of India, who live up among the Himalaya mountain*. These old men, it is said, have devoted scon's of years to the study of natural laws and forces, which the rest of the world knows nothing alraut. Laterly a German professor visited the "fdepis,"as these queer Hindus are called, for the purpose of fi ¡ding ont the secret of their remarkable performances. They treated him rather scurvily, lut interested him all the sim-. One day the professor wanted to axamine some ancient SansWirt manuscripts. An adept went with him to a cave wherein the b .oks were kept. The place was dark as the bottom of a well. " leant sec to read here," said the visitor. "Then we will have some light," was the reply, and immediately (the professor says) a soft, pearly light brightened the cave. Ile could not tell whence it came, but be noticed that it had one strange quality-ii catt not (he tlighesi shadow. This is a story hard to believe, yet ¡ts truth is .-«ttumed by a man of vast learning and high character, and you who now read it have no reason for doubt except that all the lights you liavu seen have cast shadows. Belief or unbel ef commonly runs parallel with one's own experience. Dr. Johnson sniffed at the account of the. Lisbon earth quake, yet credited the tail of the Cock Lane ghost. Aman who has been ill for years, and failed lo lind a cure, is sceptical when friends tell him of a medicine which they believe will make him well. What else bul doubt could result from his experience ? Take an example : " In the spring of 1888," writes our corres pondent, " I fell into a low, weak, and languid state. I felt low-spirited and out of sorts. At first my stomach was deranged, my appetite poor, and after eating I had pain and weight at the chest. I was much troubled with wind, and frequently spat up a sour fluid, also bitter bile. Later on I suffered from nervousness and great depressinn of spirits. I kept up with my work, but had always a sense of discomfort. Off and on I continued in this way for two years, nothing thal I took relieving me. Al last I heard ol Mother Sergei's Syrup, and pro cured a supply. After I had taken only a few doses I found relief ; my food digested, gradually all nervousm ss left mc. Although I bad no reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine, never having used it or seen it used, I now gladly admit its value, and its power over disease. Since my recovery, for which I thank Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup, I have been in the best of health and spirits. In the interests of suffering husanity I d'.'eiti it a duly to send you this testimony. (Signed) D. Griffiths, tailor and oulfitt-r, 151, Hockley Hil!, Birmingham, June 8th, I893-" There is a deal of difference between Mr. Griiti h's candid letter and the story ab iut the iigh"; that casi no shadow. The latter may bc true enough, but it cannot be verified without more trouble than its worth. On the other hand we have a trustworthy witness, wlv will answer letters of ioijuiiy, ar, ï cao be found .it hi- ad'iitss. Finally, there is nothing mystic or magical about Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. It acts on the theory that most ailments are but symptoms, lorn«, or phases of thal uni sers» I diseasr-indigestion and dyspepsia ; it curts tha', and throws the light of health and happiness over hearths and homes where illness and pain had cast such dark and terrifying shadows.. And that is why people believe all that is told of its success by eager witnesses._ My Ila ir Cleanser will remove ail insect life from scbool children's bead? Price W p»r bott!'?. lied nek piuet. E. XiattT iso»bK, ChcniLit, Dubbo. 