[copyright.] DAYS OF DANGER. thrilling Narratives of the Boshranging j Times. Keenan's Ghost. BY CAPTAIN LACIB. IN FIVE PARTS. PERIOD, 1846. ? PART V. The inquest, indeed, was a formal j sflsir. The convict servant saw that it ! wai uaeicii—quite uauleai—tayiqg any' thing forbimaoHat that sUge. and be remained ailent, which was, of course, another evidence of guilt. He wee at once committed for trial at the oniotng Launoealon Assiaot, and everyone re garded the wretched man «• being a# good as dead. 1 At least, not ov.iyone, for «van Edward# end Miohaol Koenan were eon vinoed l hat the man waa innocent. They had both been in the publio-boueoon the night ol the murdor, and had aeen some thing which nt the time did not interest them, but w hich the subsequent develop ment* reused tu assume importance. I Thov were both in tho aido room off the bar. and Southey—who was frequently Ukmi from the farm to assist in the public house, as hlamannero were affable in spite of his wretched condition—was working iu tho kilohen. Ho was being coiitiiiuilly called out. and It wns during . one of ilioso absences that tho friends noticed a tall—very (all man—walk into I the kitchen, piok op something from a I table, and leave the room. 1 lieycsughl I s momentary viow of tho face, tho upper met of which wai hidden by * large I shiutli list and iho lower by a heavy hoard, It was t>l <in to Edwards lhat tho follow picked up a knife, for ho aaw tiir glean of the blade and heard aaltght melallio sound, but Koeiian did not, as ho waa in a different position. Aa tho man might have been one of 1 the aorvanls belonging to tho place they I touU no furlhor nutioo of the incident, | and a few minutes after Constable Williams entered tho room, and, having a glass Willi them, left, as ho aaid to go to tho offloo, He was never aeon alive after that. For a full hour later the two I men remained, and when they went to I tho bedrooma at the baolt, John Southey wsa alill at work in the kitchen. I Veal morning, when the body oil Constable Williams waa discovered stiff and cold, Edwards and Koeiian roinom. I bun-d the ooourrenoo of the previous I niglit, and they questioned the isndlurd I a# to whethor h" had euoh a person as | tho man they desorlbed in hia aervioe, lie vowed that lie had not, and, in fact, , did not know auoh a man In the whole distriol. He was aware that the two •urvuy-roon wuro very friendly to John L Southey, and it occurred to him that j they were merely trying to divert bus-I pioioii Irom the proper quarter. This] idea took strong possession of him, ae ho did slot scruple to speak his mind on tho subject, though not to either Kaon an or Kd wards, They wore both good customers and ] a little fiery if tliclr honour wore im-1 pugncd, so thst the landlord, who waa a oautiousman, wee oaroful to whom lie addressed hia insinuations that tliey wore trying to soroon his servant. Tho J loss of s hoarder like Williams was a loverobiow to tho parsimonious landlord, j end Uio only consolation he bad was tho j reflection that Southey would 'swing,'as ho tennod it, for tho murdor. To give tho fellow hia duo, bo really believed that his assigned servant was really guilty of tbo crime, and ninety-nine t persons in every hundred would be I inclined to agree with him. For several days after tbo committal 1 the two surveyors did all they could to got a clue to the mysterious stranger who had entered the kilohen, but no one In | the district seemed to know such a person, and at length they were re luctantly forced to give op tho quest. All that lay in their power after that wsa to go to Lauuoeaton and give ovideneein favour of the accused man, and they determined to do so. 1 •Wasn't there something peculiar] ebout that fellow we aaw go into the J kitchen tho other night whioh struck 1 you peculiar—a* if you had eocu him I before V salted Edwards a few days after tbe murder. There was,' replied Koensn. It wsa in the eyes, l'mtureleaw the fellow somewhere before, but I can't recollect where it was. Hold on I Hold on I I've I got itl' be added in a lower voice. 1 It 1 was th«t portrait, you know, whioh we found by those bones 1' • Of course It was. What an aaa I must be not to have recollected that before. There is something in this, , Mike. If we bad been sharp enough wo could have made £600. The fellow was do other than Jensen^ the murderer, aa ear* ib you're there, hook at tho wy I he wore hie hat—almost down on hie] eyei-and the hair that covered hie face, j Yea, wemieaeda good opportunity. That is the man who killed Williams, and by 1 some means be found out that the poor devil of a servant and Hie constable were enemies. What an idea to get the kuifel Sorely they won't bang poor Southey. who ia aa innocent as you or I, exclaimed Edwards with animation. ] » What a tool a man would be to leave j evidence of his guilt atuok in his victim. I Thai fact atone ought to get Southey hia j liberty, but-I shouldn't be surprised if j they hang him. I«aw isn't justice you know, and you can see how feeling goea I about the settlement here. There are a 1 hundred to oneagsinstthe poor fellow, I and it will be the same I'm afraid in the] court,' aaid Keeuan. , 1 'Oh, you'll find it wiU he different there, but if this cut-throat Jeneen is about we must be on our guard. He would rhinknothingperhaps of swooping down on our camp if there was plunder. I don't understand—if it waa Jensen, and I am convinced it moat have been bow he keeps about the district without being arrested. He must be a good deal about, or how' oould he learn such news aa the feud between JSHhams and Southey, and how the laUei- was some timet employed. Vaturally,. Jensen would hate Williams, for it was partly— or chiefly—through tbe constable that the feet of the skeleton being Worrell a -and not Jensen's waa discovered. Don t -you see how he would have cause'to rid himself of such a dangerous foe. The comteble was on hia tracks right enough, and in time would have .hunted him down. We must see what we can do in the amateur detective business, as it may bo the meant of earing Southey'a neck,' eoncluded Ed wards. In pursuanoe of that resolve, Walsh, Jones, and Weston were informed of the discovery—orsupposed discovery—made by Keenan and EI wards, end they were asked to do all they coold through their friends as well as themselves in finding not such a man at was described. This they each earnestly promised to do, for likely an innooent tinman life was hang ing in the balance with death weighed against it, and the discovery mightoause the beam to fall on the aide of innocence. Aa there was only a fortnight to the trial the case was well-nigh hopeleti, and ao it proved, for not a trace or vestige of the men which they sought eonld be found, end Keenan and Edwards had to go to Lannceston without the alighteit proof that such a being existed. When the trial came on the court was 1 crowded chiefly with officials and their I friends, who were anxioos to aee ~ convict pillored for daring to raise sacrilegious srm agsinet« representative of officialdom. Hanging, in ilie Opinion of a majority of the audience, waa cer tainly too good a fate for auch a man, and they regrotlod the passing away of those good old times when ' drawing ' and 'quartering 'could have been added to the sentence, Oneafterenolherlhe witnesses testified to the fact that the knife found In tho body of Oonalablo Williams was the properly of Southgy, tod that the aoonaed did not dony. Then there were others « ho swore ss to tho threats mado by the prisoner against the deed man, and to the enmity whioh exiitod between them: for many months previous to the crime. No one saw the aotnsl deed done, but the landlord, who was the biltor<et witness against his servant, stated that there would have been no difficulty in Southoy stepping ont of the house and slaying Williams as he went over to his offloe. In faot, the body being-found so close to the public house, ho said, seemed to prove that it had been committed by come one who stepped out of tho plaoe for the purpose ana could not long re main away without his abBoncn being detected. Tiiis was potting a nail In the accused's coffin. In his dofenoe, Southey admitted that he had a grudge against the doad man, and told the reason why, but he solemnly assorted be was not a midnight assassin. What he meant by revenge was to engage the oonalablo in a fair fight. He asserted that he had not gono outaide the house on the night of the murder, f and that someone muit have taken his knife out of the kitohon, on which it waa lying on one of the tables, lie had no idoa who that person could be, but that was the only explanation ho could give, Edwards and Keenan then volunteered to give evidence for the defence, and [ told the judge and jury what tho reador lias nlready been seised of. Thoy were | oaoh subjeolcd to a severe cross-examine* tion hy tho crown-prosecutor, and though thoy did notoontradiot themselves in any particular, thoir evidenoe waa shorn of all weight by tho fact that no one seemed to know anything of tho man whom tho crown lawyer characterised as a | ' my thecal personage.' When Edwards contended that the aaaaasin was no other than Oarl Jensen, the New Norfolk murderer, a roar of laughter greeted the statement, but he obstinately adhered to that view, and nothing would ahakc either him or Keenan in the opinion. It is probable tlint the assertion threw i a cloud of ridicule over the whole of I their evidenoe, and the judge in eumming up gave that impression. Ho was deed against the prisoner, andscsrooly noticed wi.nt had been eworn by Edwards and Keenan, except loehow its unreliability. ! Tito jury retired, but only for a few I minutes, and returned with a verdict of | guilty. Tho sentence waa, of oonrae, death, and in aooordanoe with hia powers the judge ordered that the exeoution should take plsce that-day week (16th Septem ber), on n gallows creolod at the spot where the crimo was oommitted. This praotioe was frequently carried out in the early days, as it was aupposcd to inspire more terror in the 'mind of the oendemned and also to impress the resi dents with the ides that orime had a speedy retribution. \- Suutboy listened to hie doom in eilcnce, and as the judge concluded there was quite an uproar of applause, whioh was not suppressed until the prisoner was removed The oreotion of the soaffold at the Mersey settlement waa at onoo begun, and the residents looked forward to the 16th September as though an interesting carnival waa to take plaoe. The morning of the fatal day broke gloomly enough, and from far aud near the people had asaembled to witness the exeoution. At uino o'clock, the time fixed for the -gruesome eyont, there could not have been lew.than three hundred persons present, a fair propor tion of them being women. John Southey' ww confined in the small luck-up andetrortgly guarded, for there had beOn whispers that an attempt at resoue might he made. This had been epread by the public-house-keepor, who waa savagely hunting the man to death partly ont of aheer raatioe and partly because he would do a roaring trade on tho day of the execution and for some time previously. In the crowd were, the members of the TJdwards' surrey party. They did not attend out of mere morbid curiosity, but because something might turn up at the last moment to show the innocence of the condemned men. At least, that waa the comforting pnoUon they laid to their souls, but they seoretly felt that John Southey was practically a dead man. It was most unusual, in faot, unpre cedented, to eee auch a crowd at the tiny settlement, and with eo many strangers present the chiet interest— next to the hanging itself—lay in scan ning the faces which passed and re passed. Home of them were hideous enough to wairant the belief that their owners were in their natural element attending at suoh a ghastly event, whilst others again werehnmaneandcharitafile looking enough. Though the day was fine, a strong wind blew from the north, and often an exciting chase ensued between a man and hia errant hat in consequence. It was on the stroke of the fatal honr j when Keenan suddenly caught hold of ] Edwards' arm and whispered hoarsely : • Look 1 Look I There he ia 1' Following the indicated direction, Edwards saw the tall, bent figure of a man slowly making bis way through the crowd. He seemed to be oblivions of every riling bnt the gallows, and was Hearing it to get a better view of the execution. There could be no mistaking the man. Though the dress was some what diflerent to that worn on the night when Edwards and Keenan eaw him enter the kitchen of the inn, and the ragged beard had been trimmed, the same alonsh bat waa on hit head drawn almost over the peculiar restless eyes. and the sinialer expression which even the portion of the face exposed gave could not be mistaken. ' That is the murderer, and onr time has come. I trust we may not he too late.' A oonstablc whom Edwards knew was standing close to him aa he spoke, and he beckoned to him. ' Do yoa want to make £600, Wells f he asked. 'Of soorse I do,'waa tho response. ' Then there stands Oar) Jensen, the ; New Norfolk murderer, and the man who killed Williams. We will give you a hand. There Isn't a moment to he lost, Oomeon.' -The official had the mostimplioittrust In Edwards, and whan be looked upon the strange figure which had been eo accurately described, ho aawstonoethat the men were probably right in their eurmiae, and he joined them in elbowing his way through the surging, crowd to the spot where Jensen stood. They had not reached him when a hoarse cry arose. This was the signal that the condemned man was being led out, and at thiaaound Jrnsen turnod quickly, when a strong blast of wind blew ofT his hat and re-. vealed the-fatal diagonal soar and the bare bald pate. j 'Pot up your hands,, Carl Jensen,*' oriod the constable, and almost instantly the three men surrounded him with presented pistols. Pot an instant he glared round like a wild beast meditating a spring, but da he saw the utter useless neaa of an attempt at escape, bis stolidity returned, and he murmured * the garnet np,' and quietly submitted to be hand 'iuffi " cuffed. ' John Southey at the moment was i being led up the ladder to the aoaffold, and, with the oxoeption of a few people in the immediate vicinity of the arrest, none knew that it had been carried out. 'Don't let that innocent man hang, Jenaen. It can make no diflereuoe lo you, and will save him if you confess. See, they are putting the rope round hia nock. Won't you atop the butchery ?' eriod Edwards. 'No, of course I'll not do ao. Why should I? Very likely they'll be a crowd gaping at me in the same way shortly. Oh, no; 1 want to eee the fun,' replied Jensen with a low laugh. Finding that entreaties were of no avail, Edwards made hia way to the aoaffold, at whiob no leas a personage than thefilvil commandant of Launoeaton wis standing, and in a few aeoouda told that official tbat Jenaen had beea oa'p lured, and that he was undoubtedly the real murderer of Williams, though he would not oonfeie. ' I oan do nothing, Edwards, even if ho did oonfesa. I have no power to atop an execution, and as we have no proof thai Jenaon is tho murderer, the execu tion must proceed.' Ae he finished he tave the fatal signal, aud the wrotolied iiuthoy was sent to hia doom amidst the roar of tho crowd. 'Take lliii ruffian away and don't let him gloat over hia last murder,' oried Edwarda passionately as he went back to where the constable, with Keetian and Wslih, had the murderer in oustody. By this lime Southey was dead, and looking at the awinginghody, Jenaen said: ' Well, I did kill Williams, I may tell you. They can't hang me for thatcrime, anyway,' He was hurried to the lock-up, and shortly after, under a strong guard, was tekdh to'Hobart Town, where he wise fried tod condemned to death for the murder of his wife- On the day pre ceding his execution, which took place on the find November, .1840, he made a short confession to the effect that Duffy, Worrall, and himself were engaged in extensive robberies in the New Norfolk dislriot- His wife threatened to inform, and he killed her and went to Worrall'a. They had long been suspicions of Duffy, and they decided to rid themselves of his presence, wliiuh they did by killing him iu his sleep with a blow on the head. They put the body into the Dervent River, and after using the boat to get serosa, they overturned it. With a considerable sum of mouey in their possession, and two well-stocked awags, they kept along the Verge of settlement until they osme near the Mersey settlement, where Jensen had a staunoh friend. The money was given him, and then the two men agreed to take to the bush for a time aa the eafest. The settler friend arranged to pay periodical visits with food to a certain point. Going baok, near Mount Valen tine, the retreat was discovered, which Mesley found, and the life jnat suited Jenaen. Worrall, however, got tired of it, and frightened tbat if he went back alone he would reveal the secret' of Jensen's hiding-place in the hope of getting a pardon, Jensen deoided to kill him. An alternation took place one. day near the big tree, and Jenaen choked hia comrade to death'at iu baae. A shoot of bark was placed on the body, and then the idea of leaving hia photo, with it occurred to him. When the survey parly came along he was delighted to find that they bad made the discovery he wished for, and it was. he who etole the food, clothes, and newspaper. The latter told him of the success of hia rose, and fearing that hia retreat might be discovered, he decided to go bade to his friend's place. Thia he did, but shortly after, through Williams and Sutheriand, he^waa again being sought -for? and he'decided-to have revenge on the constable. His friend gave him ell the oeoBssary information, and he carried ont hie purpose but too well.. To the end he steadfastly refused to give tho name of the settler who befriended the assassin, though the man was strongly suspected. ' ' Well, Koenan,'said Dr. Sutherland the day after Jensen's confession was known, 'your ghoat was a pretty sub stantial one.' ' Well, yes, air, bnt its appearance meant death all the same, for poor John Southey was the victim,' came the reply. The End. 