OUR SUNBEAM .BOOKSHELF? ' There are so many letters to answer this u r eek that I shall not hold forth on my own account. In fact, I should go far over my allotted space if 1 only published" the letters just as they stand, so you will understand that 1 must cut tiiem down a good deal. Xo begin with those held over fiom last week, here is the first:— Yorke Valley, July 11, 1B9S. Dear Magpie—I am so glad YQU have started the "Sunbeam Uookslielf ," It is very interesting. ' I intended willing the first week the column appeared, but have delayed it till now. Reading over the opinions of books given by you and your correspondents- is -interesting. 1 was So glad to see' you' did not like A- E. Wilson's books very much. 1 have read some of them, they being commended to me very strongly by several, say that 1 was dh&ppointed; is only half of what 1 felt. They hold your attention at the time, hut after you have finished, you feel quite mad at voting so much time. -For instance, in one of her books, -calldto "Infelice," the heroine, Irene, being in trouble, walks up and idown the long hall with hei- beautiful hair hanging down her back, and she walks up and down, the monotonous sound of it trailing on the carpct Strikes a chill to tlic heart, of one Eussell Aubrey, who is in another room. When 1 got there 1 wished I had a pair of scissors or glass, or even a chopper, to cut some of it off tor her, since she was too preoccupied to "do it for herself. It teemed so untidy and careless. " I have read some of the "Elsie" books. I think they are overdone. Elsie is much loo perfect, and her father domineering in the extreme. Of MRS. Henry Wood's, I have read "ilrs. Halliburton's Troubles" and "Trevlyn Hold." I like "Trevyln Hold" the best. George ltvlc is a-splendid character all through. It is, indeed, a very nice book, and holds your attention from the firat page till the last. Great favourites of mine -are "Poor Mike," "For Such is Life," "Caleb Carthew," by Silas Hocking; "Andrew- Fairfax," "All Men are Liars," "The Birthright," by Joseph. Hocking. Can you -tell me if they are related in any' way? I have read "The Old Curiosity Shop," by Charles Dickens, and liked it very much. I have read a great number 6i Pansy books. Some of the best are "Interrupted Julia" and "Esther Reid," "l&s.; Solomon'Smith Looking On;" the iliree "Katy" books, by S. Coolidge; "Little Women," by. L. Alcott; several by E. P. Roe, of which 1 like "Miss Lou" best—it is splendid. "That Lass o' Lowrie's" is another good one, by Mrs. Burnett. "The Lamplighter," by Cumming, I also liked. One 1 liked very much was "The Throne of David" (Rev. Ingraham). You get the characters of Saul and his people so W611 pourirayed. It is so touching and thrilling. "Uncle Tom's Cabin" I have read, of course, and I need not tell you I liked it. The last book -I read was "Cleg Kelly," by S. R. Crockett. It was line but then it is tinged with Scotch all through, and that always appeals to my heart. I have read very little poetry, excepting Robert. Burns's. I am very fond of his. My favourites are "Man was made to Moum," "Address to a young Friend" (Andrew Aiken), "To Mary in Heaven," and "Tain o' Sbanter." Do you know thg titles oi any books telling you about the planets and the stars; also one about the lost Pleiad! I have a fancj- for those just nojv. I have read very little lately — for the past two years, in fact. When younger, I devoured every book that came in my way. Perhaps some of the'-boeks I liave mentioned may seem young for me, but you will understand that they were read some time ago.. I am a Senior' Sunbeam, and as such I wish to thank you most heartily for starting the "Bookshelf," and wish it every success. It must be some labour for you to prepare the column. But when you know it is so much appreciated you will feel repaid. 1 like a book that treats on the subject as shortly and clearly as possible, so that it does not take too long-to read. With best wishes and kindest regards, believe me, sincerely yours, A J. SMITH, F.M. I hope I have not tired you. You have so many letters io read. Not tired a bit. Write -whenever you like, not e^ery week, of course, but when you have something to say. I am afraid your opinion of A. E. Wilkin's books will rouse a storm of indignation amongst her admirers, but the bit you give so exactly shows what I object to in them.—their un- naturalness, that I let it 6tand. Who ever had hair long enough to trail on the ground and make noise enough to be heard in another room? It would have to be two yards long at -least, and even then I do not see how it could make any sound. Mine is cot long enough, or I would try. But enough nonsense. You ask if Silas and Joseph Hocking are related. They are brothers, I believe, both born in Cornwall, both ministers,. and both novelists. Silas Hoc-kiug was, born March 24, 1850, ordained 1S70, as a minister of the Methodist Free Church, resigned his pastorate 1893. Joseph Hocking was born November 7, 1860, entered nonconformist ministry 1SS4, travelled in Egypt, Palestine, Syria, Turkey, Greece, &c.;, in 1887, and has "since 1891 published a. novel every year. As to books about planets and stars, "Starland," by Robert S. Ball, F.ll.S., should interest you. Also anything by Proctor. "The Southern Skies," by him should be helpful to you in learning to find the stare and planets you are in search of. The price is, I believe, 5s. or thereabouts. Another "Star Atlas," by the same writer, has a most interesting preface on "How to learn the Stars." Do any of my readers go in for astronomy? If so, will they tell roe what ljooks they find most interesting and helpful? Also, can any one give me any information as to the'"Lost Pleiad." I feel as if I ought to know about it, but do not. I sympathise with your liking for anything Scotch. Here is another letter I haire enjoyedreading:— Yorke Valley, July 15. Dear Magpie—-T have been mueh interested in the "Sunbeam Bookshelf," and 1 enjoy reading the column very much. I think books are our best iriends — that is* good books. There are many books that are best left unread. In the past I have just read whatever books that fell in my way —books trom our Sunday-school Library, and from the Literaiy^-Society's Library, Thsn^ too, jre.] often exchange books with our friends, and so, by different means, I have read a good many books. Of Dickens, that I have read I like best "The Old Curiosfty Shop," "Oliver Twist," "A Christmas Carol," and "Dombey and Sou." "The Old Curiosity Shop," which I read four or five yeara ago, made a great impression on my mind. Daniel Quilp is a horrible ^character, but Little Nell iB one of the most loveable characters imaginable. I like Scott's "Guy Mannering" and "The Talisman." They are both more than interesting. I am very fond of Scottish books, especially of books relating to the manners and customs • in the rough rude days when clans, &c.;, reigned paramount. Grace Aguilar's "The Days of Bruce" is a splendid book, -with some splendid characters. Isabella, Countess of Buchan, is a grand woman. • "Home Influence," by Grace Aguilar, is a very good book. "Westward Ho," by Charles Kingsley, I read some years ago, and thought it splendid. I would like to renew my acquaintance with it again now. "The Last of the Mohicans." by J. F. Cooper) is a book full of interest and excitement. Cora is a fine character— unselfish, high-spirited, and enduring: I admired Uncas, "The Last of the Mohicans," very much. "The Phantom Ship" or "The Flying Dutchman" is a good tale t>f romance. I did not like the theory of fatalism that ran all through the hook- "Father Clement," by Grace Kennedy, is very good. "The Throne of David," by Rev. Ingraham, is an exceedingly interesting book! Jonathan is a character to love and admire. I like reading "Talmage's Sermons" very much- They never seem dry, as some sermons do. "The 1 King's Cupbearer," by Mrs. C, F. Walton, is a favourite of mine. It tells much of Nehemiah and his great work in rebuilding Jerusalem. We are told in this book tbat the name Nehemiah meant "The Lord my Comforter." "Idols of the Heart" and "Lake of the Woods," by A.L.O.E., are good books. "From Log Cabin to White House." which every boy should read, .is another favourite book of mine. "Cleg Kelly," by S. B. Crockett, is a fine book. Cleg is a splendid Irish and Scotch mixture—a manly boy, in spite of his mischief- loving nature, and villainous father. . . Of course I like "Uncle Tom's Cabin." "Bobinson Crusoe" 1 enjoyed reading, as much as any boy, I think. T must not forget "Lamb's Tales from Shakespeare," which I liked very much! The "Amazon and its Wonders," and "The Travels of Sir Samuel Baker" are both interesting and instructive. "The World's Greatest Events," which •is just what its title infers, is a splendid book for those fond of history. Next time I will tell you of some of the books I dislike, but must close now with grateful thanks as an Associate Sunbeam tor the "Bookshelf," from C. L. SMITH. I have had to omit part,of your list of books because of want of space. I like your comments on what you have read, and am glad to see that you can give reasons for your likes and dislikes; also that you read Some general literature as well as fiction. I read very few tales of adventure when "I "was a little girl. I liked my adventure real, and read travels as you do, and I remember enjoying Sir Samuel Baker's books .very much. I cannot tell you now which I liked best, but I fancy I read most of them. Write again, and be sure to try for the .competition, both of you. Ellie Wemyss writes as follows:— I am a' "Sunbeam," and 1 am thirteen years of age. ' 1 am sure I shall enjoy your chat about books in "The Journal" every week. I ' cannot tell you how very fond of reading > I am, or how many books I have read. Here are a few of them:—"Uncle Tom'6 Cabin," by Harriet Reecber Stowe; "The Vicar oi Wakefield," by Oliver Goldsmith; "Little Women," by Miss Alcott; "Little Lord Fauntleroy," by Mrs. Burnett; "Seven" Little Australians," "Hie Family at Misrule," "The Little larrikin," and "Miss /Bobbie," by Hiss Ethel Turner; "The King's Daughter," "Wise and Otherwise," "Sidney Martin's Christmas," "Little Fishers, and their Nets," "The Man of the House," "Christie's Christmas," "Tip Lewis's ..Lamp;" "Crissy Endeavour," "Four Girls at Chautauqua," "Chautauqua Girls at Home," and "Ruth Erskine's Crosses," by. Pangy. These, and many more, have been given to' me from time to time, and are all my own.' I would like to knowyou have read -Miss Ethel Turner's "Story of Baby," and if so, what you think of it; as, although I have not read it myself, some of my friends have, and they tell me that they do not like it as much as Miss Turner's other books, and advise'me not to get it. WiU you please tell me your opinion of it; and also of the "Pansy" series, a good many of which I have read. I have read Miss Ethel Turner's "Story of a Baby," and I think your friends are right in ynring that you would not like it as well a*tbe others—it* is more a story for •rt in it. Have you read "Little Saint " eth," by Mrs. Hodgson Burnett? I think you would like "An Old Fashioned Girl," by Miss Alcott, and I . should like you to try some of Mrs. Molesworth's and tell me what you think of them- Adelaide, July 23, 1898. My Dear Magpie—I have watched the progress of the "Sunbeam Bookshelf" with much interest, and wish you every success. I will be 21 in three months, ,so am wondering if you will let me join your "Bookshelf." I have written out a list of the books I have read—200 So far. I daresay there are many that I have quite forgotten. . . "Edith . Vernon's Lifework" is one of my favourites. Can you tell me who the author is? I have not read any of Dickens's books yet. They always seem so dry after you have been reading sentimental novels. Will you name one for me to start with? "Uncle Tom's Cabin" is an old ^friend. E. P. Roe's books are beautiful. "Barriers Burnt Away" and "A Young Girl's Wooing" I like best. I am very fond of Annie Swan's, Ethel Turner's, and E. J. Wilson's books, and enjoy Miss Braddon's, Dora Russell's, and Florence Marryat's novels very much. With Mrs. Henry Wood's books I have spent many a pleasant hour. I will conclude now, as I J^raid I will weary you. With every good vSh for the success of the "Bookshelf," I amyfours truly, GLADYS. i am glad to hear from you, and welcome you most heartily to the "Bookshelf." You must not expect to hear of all the latest novels, and so on, but perhaps when enough older ones have joined we might arrange a systematic course of reading and form :a sort of "Upper SheJf.' I shall be very glad i£ this can be managed—but we will see. I think I sympathise with your likes, as shown by your list of4 favourite books, but do you not think it would be' well to take a turn at some of the standard writers? Of Dickens I fancy it would be well for you to read "The Old Curiosity Shop" first, then my pet "Nicholas Nick- }eby." Read cot for the story, as you do in Hopes, but for the characters and quaint thoughts. In the first book I have a particular affection for the Nubbles family, Aire. Jariey and her waxworks, and Short, the cheerful partner in the Punch and Judy firm, while Dick Sniveller's soliloquies are a constant source of delight. There! I wonder if you will agree with me, or set me down as incurably vulgar and fond of low company? Who can tell "Gladys" who wrote Edith Vernon's Life Work? "Woodlands," Edwardstown, June 26, 1898. Dear Magpie—I thiwlr the "Sunbeam Bookshelf" a capital idea, especially as it is open to any one. It should encourage those who are not. fond of reading to kindle a liking for it. I have read some very- nice books, viz.:—"Bashful Fifteen," "A World of Girls," and "A Sweet Girl Graduate," by T. S. Meade; "The CUannings" and "Roland Yorke," by Mrs. H. Wood. I do not care for her books at alL I am very fond of historical books, but have not read many. Those I liked best were "Freedom's Sword," by A. Swan; "The Scottish Chiefs." The name of the author I forget, but I liked this book very much, and I would very much like to know who it is by. My favourite authors are A. E. Wilson (I cannot agree with you about your opinion of her books, as I like them very- much. They are, I think, the most unnatural books I ever read, but 1 cannot help but admire tlie characters she introduces), R. Barr, Anthony Hope, M. Corelli, Clark Russell, Mark Twain, "and Prentiss. I have read manymore books, the authors o£ which I forget. . I have read "The Day will Come," by M. E. Brad-. don, but I do not care for her books at all. I m sending you three mottoes, but I do not think them verv good, as they seem more like morals. Wishing the "Bookshelf" every - success, I remain, yours sincerely, S. MAXWELL. P.S. — Dickens and Scott are also favourite iuthors of mine. I hope you will advise me what kind of books to read. I started to read "Life of W. E. Gladstone," but it was very dry. 1 am 13 years old.—S.M. You ask me to advise you what books to read. Do you know, I think you have been reading some that are too old for you. Still, 1 am glad that you read Scott "and Dickens. I think that at present you should keep to historical novels and well-written biographies, with a nice homelike story now and then. "Gladstone's Life"was perhaps rather a tongh one to start on. You would need some knowledge of politics and .eontemporary histoi^'T- nmderatand it I have just been reading the "Life of Harriet Beecher Stowe," by Annie Fields, and I •think you would like it. I will look out for some readable biographies of famous men. When I was learning music I read all the lives of composers I could get hold of. What is your special hobby? Make that your starting pomt, and read round it. If you are really fond of history you have ah endless field before you. Have you any favourite period? Thank _ you for the mottoes. The last is the best. MOTTOES. Books diould to ooe of these four ends conduce, For wisdom, piety, delight, or use.-—Pentium \- Let me hear from yon again. Clifton-Street, Prospect, July 27, 1898. Dear Magpie—I am very sorry that I have not been able to give you my opinions on "Uncle Tom's Cabin," but as it is a very long tfine since I have"' read it I do not remember it sufficiently to pass an opinion on it, and I have been too ill this last fortnight to read it again. A short time ago I read a beautiful book. It was called "The Seats of the Mighty." by Gilbert • Parker. Have you ever read ltT Mother thought that it would have been too heavy for me, but I understood it perfectly, and in a couple of months I jnt-jnH reading it again. I always like to read a good book two or three times, as I seem to get better acquainted with it—especially if they are Dickens's works—and very often sayings and characters that have not impresBed me much at first, have become quite bright and interesting when I have read, about them a second time. I remember reading a long time agOyrfL very nice little story called "Silvenncre.-" It was full of ghosts and jnystenes. T do love to read about mysteries, but the ghosts always seems to step into my dreams, and if I happen to wake up in the night I imagine that .a great black ehost is standing by my bed. So, Dear Magpie, if that is the effect that ghoststories have on me, do you not think that I had better leave them alone in the future, for mother does? I am going to start reading about the Jives of clever men aild women. I &all; .begin with Sir Walter Scott. Have you ever read his life, and, if so, is it interesting? I hope I shall like it better than "Scott's Emulsion," which I have to take. I will now conclude with .best wishes to the success of the "Bookshelf." I 'remain, yours truly, TRIXIE BENNETT. P.S.—In a previous letter you asked me who "Stirring Tales of Colonial Life" was-by. It is written' by Skipp. Boriase.—T. B. 'Motto—Read well and ponder deeply. Certainly "leave ghosts alone for a while. "Mother" is right. She always is—is she not? As to Scott's "life," I am .not wire how you will like it. Some girls would call it dry, ..but I think I could have read it and enjoyed it at your age. It all depends cm what ""Life" you intend to read. Some would-be too long for you." Mount Torrens, July 8L Dear Magpie—What a nice idea "Our Sunbeam Bookshelf" is. I have read all the lettens every week, and am now- going to write'one. I have read a lot of books. The only one of Miss Alcott's tbat. I ever cared for was "Little Men." I have read "A "Great Emergency," M A Flat Iron for a Farthing," and "Jackanapes," by Mrs. J. H. Ewing,^ and -liked them very much. I am ver St. Dominic's." . Can you tell me who that is, please, as I would like to read some more by the same if ever I get the chalice? I have read alii but two of the "Elsie DinanoreV bodks, and- two of-, the "Mildred" books. "Melbourne House," "Daig-," and "Daisy in the Firid," by Miss WetherelL I like all the childreh in her books. "The Daisy Chain" and "Magnum Bonum," ' by. Mis. Yonge, are very-nice books. I had a present of a book given to me last week. . It is "A Noble Life," by Mrs. Oraik. That is the first of here that I have read, but I hope to know the others soon. I am sorry to say I -can't go in for the competition. I really haven't got any favourite author or book, but I hope it will be 'a mr»™ I remain, yours truly, BESSIE RIVETT. Thanks for your letters, Bessie. I> liked the prompt way you corrected your mishas put it all ni right, you see.' I cannot take. Changing a comma into a- fuHsto' you ;ou who • wrote '"Hie Fifth Eorm at St. Dominic's" and "My Friend Smith," but perhaps some one else can. , . Brighton, July 30, 1898. ' Dear Magpie — I have just been reading your letter, and I thought I would -like to write to you again. I like reading the other girls' "letters to see which books they have read, and wiiich they like best. You mentioned "The Princess and the Goblin," and "The Princess and Curdie." Well, I don't like those books. I don't care much foe fairy tales at all. I like something that could be real. I don't like Sir Walter Scott's hooka I have read "Ivanhoe," and I started "Kenilworth," but I left it off, as I didn't like it - I like tales of adventure best. Since I wrote last I have read "St. Elmo," by A. WilBon. That's a grand book. "Aldereyde," "Across Her Path," "St. Veda's," "Hazell and Sons," "A Vexed Inheritance," "A Bachelor in Search of a Wife," by Annie Swan; "The Seven Little Australians," and "The Little Larrikin," by Ethel Turner (I have read them both before), "The Mountain Daisy" (it's a lovely hook, but I don't know its author),' "Fdr Light and Liberty," by S. BL Hocking; and a few others. The three best, I think, are "The Seven Little Australians," "The Mountain Daisy," and. "St. Elmo." I am going to re id "A Guinea Stamp," by Annie Swan, next. Do you Jhinlr I win iiir» at I don't care so much for ppetry, but I like some pieces. These are some of my favourites:—"Footsteps of Angels," "Billy's Rose/' "Idiot Boy," "Little Jim," "Trouble in the Amen * Comer," "Whistling in Heaven," and "Mary in Heaven." I expect you are sick of. me by this time, so with love, I'll conclude. 1 remain, yours truly, FLOR- RIE ANDERSON. P.S.—I mean to try for the competition. 'Motto—Books leave us heirs to ample heritages, of all the best thoughts of the greatest sages, and giving tongues unto the silent dead. — Longfellow. ' Dear me! Here's a challenge. We"must agree- to differ, 'Florrie, for our tastes are evidently not the same. I think minds axe made in different shapes, and so it takes different books to suit them. However, I hope you may come to my way of thinking in course of time, as to Scot t, at -any rate. Fairy tales one must take to by nature. It is a tast£ that cannot be acquired. Telegraph Office, Aldinga, July 28, 1898. Dear Magpie—I should very much like to join the "Sunbeam Bookshelf," as I'm an Associate Sunbeam, and take an interest in all connected, with it. I'm very fond ot reading, and have read some very good books. Will give you the names of a few I've read lately:—"Brotherhood, or in the way of Temptation," illustrated by Frank Dodd; "Bearing the Yoke," by Helen Shipton; "Mimi," and "Edgar's Wife," by- Eane Stuart (very nice); "A Woman of Business," M. Bramston; "Rex," by author of "A' Hero Poet;" "Her Will and Her Way," by Mrs.' Newman; "Mrs. Dobbs's Dull Boy," by Annette Lyster; "George Harrington," by David Macrae; "Linley Eochford," by Justin McCarthy; "A Social - . Highwayman," by E. P. Train; f*The Unholy Wish," and other stories, by Mrs. Henry Wood; "Geoffrey Hamlyn" (forget the author). like Mrs. Henry Wood's best, and Justin McCarthy's not bad. Wishing you every yours truly, MAUD CONLON (age 16). : "Geoffry Hamlyn" is by Henry Kingaley, and the descriptions of Australia very good. I hope I shall hear from you again. North Adelaide, August 3. Dear Magpie—Your '"Bookshelf" has satisfied a wantt I have' long felt for some- one else's opinion 'on the books I have read,- and what I ought to read. I am very, fond of reading; but am afraid my digestion was spoilt when a ctiild by too much light resdiog. J have j«fld iieariy,all the "Elsie Dinsmore" books, but woul3 :not recommend them as healthy leading lor yoong 'folk, as they are apt to destroy.-tile appetjte ior- more solid reading, tteir eharacteis do not seem .to lit in-to every-day life. They are too good: 1 have, been trying to. cultivate a taste for Dicbns'a worio, -and have succeeded, at last. L 1 say at last, because I have tried before, -but did not feel interested.enough to finish what I had started. 1 have'finished "Pickwick Papere/' and a part of "The Old CuHosity Shop." t 'inteid reading all I am able to "procure. 1 h&ve.; rem3 & r ; f good many of Mre. Mrs. Wirboiae's books, and found -some of them -very helpful.. I. liked "Girey and Gold" very much, but tny favourite - was "Sissie.". I could sympathise With SW^- '-It showed what- a lot a girl can do in a Jjouae whae there ore younger brothers and sisters: I .think I liked "Jane Eyre" better th^n any other book rl have ever read, but as it is some years Sinee l rtad . < it, r «oiild not give an opinion'oa it uotil -I do Bo again.. 1 have read ten, of the ''Pan6y , C:books, but do not.care for them. They do not eeem'.tA hajrp any sympathy with anything, outside th^ir own world. I will, .give vou a list -of a fcw.'l haw read and "liked:—"Scottish Chiefs," Miffi 'Portei, "Dawn," Rider Haggard; "The lamplighter,"* Miss Cummins; "The Term of His Naturad JSfe," Marcus Clark; "Called Bui," Hugh Opnway; "The Mill on the Floes," G--Eliot; "IvaBhoe/'V "Guy Mannering, " Sir Jf. Scott; "UncJt Tom's CaJbin," Mrs* Stowe; "Only « Commoner," 1 "Ships that Pas3 in the Night," "Only Human.";' ! don'* know sthe names of j lie last'three authora. Ouild you help me? ncerely yours, ' "MARGARET »j' BASE. •" ' : ' ' '. ^ : Now I m u s i, tthough „ there Are -other. - ly letters I should like to answer this".'week I must just thank Alice Xinforth for; tailing me about the motto she sent. * Some oneihaa onee seen it in a book, it seems," .but could not remember the anthorr ;ugt hold bviar far , . ... . -.,.. fv-s VJ, . 