m UPEM LETTER 'X'0 'm. R. E. O'CONNOR, T emporary, or Acting Supreme Court judge. fSm, — It is with regret that I once more tackle the disagreeable job of criticising you in a public capacity, l#jis time in your position as an acting,' that is to say, temporary fSupreme Court Judge, who is desirous .?and hopeful that the Political Powers ? upon whom his promotion depends will j see their way to make the appointment ;a permanent one. ihjs, 1 hope and ^believe, they will never do. I bear jqm neither personal .nor political /grudge, but I am bound to give you, and i through you, the public, my reasons :for objecting to your presence on the .Bench. These x-easons I shall endeavor ' -.to state, in respectful terms, 'without ?prejudice or bias, premising, however, :that I claim my lull and unfettered : right as a free citizen* (blessed be God and thanked be tho righteous jury who fcet me free last Monday night). to criticise, and, if needs be, condemn a Judge, like any other paid functionary of the Stat'. * ? # Reverting to my trial before you at Darlinghurst last Monday, 1 take leave ??to reiterate my objections toji your pre sence on tho Bench, notwithstanding tthat you peremptorily overruled them, ;and persisted in presiding at my trial. 'This I do in order that the public may Lave an opportunity of judging of the , validity and opportuneness of my ^objections, and of your good taste and ? impartiality in ignoring those objec tions. ' You. admitted that you had ;*rtad some of the articles iu which I jiad exposed and denounced certain notorious phases of your profes sional and political conduct, and that your attention had been called to ?other similar articles which you had not read. You asseverated, however, that they had er-iirciy .passed from your mind, so fa^. as croadiugior sus taining any bia^or prejudice .'against me was conceytxed ; and you assorted your ability^ willingness and deter mination preside at uny trial in a fair and iinpartial manner. I doubted and defied then, as i uoubt and deny a°w.tfy°ur ability to do this. The very uffa*-6 that you had read some of these ' denunciatory articles disqualified you, , Q?ho mere reading of them by the man ' ragainst whom they were directed, :must have .raised a feeling of resent rinent in his mind never likely to be ?obliterated. Bad the same objections ibeeii urged against a juryman, such as I urged against you as a judge, he would have been peremptorily dis qualified, In order that the public :may judge between you and me on this /grave question of your moral capacity ?to give mo a fair and impartial trial, I will give you a few of the chief grounds of my objections to you as a judge — leaving out of present con sideration your hopes and prospects of judicial promotion at the hands of my political opponents iu tho present Ministry and Parliament, who have Ibeep. endeavoring with devilish dili gence to 'jug' me during the past ,itwo -years. # * m In these columns, and on. this page V of this paper, I published an Open Letter to you, dated October Kith, j 1897— a little over a year ago. That J letter commenced thus : — j You belong to a class which wants watch ? | Sag, not only because it constitutes a nuisance tfrom its mere numbers, but also because it 1 comprises some of the greatest scoundrels \ unhung. 3 he professional lawyer who plays [Hhepart of patriotic politician is to be found 'In every so-called civilised community, but J in no other part of the world has be proved euch a political plague and social peBt as in j) this delightfully democratic land. A more ! rascally lot of professional prigs, social scalawags, and political pirates than the proceedings of our Full Court, in cases of 'Gent, one/1 have from time to time re tealed to the world, could scarcely be found outside the four walls of a gaol-; hell would be required to be raked with a very fine t tooth-comb to match them,- You, of course, | are not to blame tor this; but you are a lawyer and a politician, the two most de I apisejd and distrusted professions, amongst \ honest men, in this country, I i The next stanza c £ this prose poem I denunciatory of y-v*. as follows : — i \ But before conside... - juinyour-i& ? 1\. tive capacity of controller of our political | ! destinies, permit me to ^lauCu at you as a ^lawyer. I claim some competence for this \ task— and it is a task— having come into I contact, hot tosay conilict, with you in your I | proloasional capacity jn the Criminal Court, i as well as having watched yon iu your \- tabinet Ministerial capacity as 'Minister for Justice in the lait Dibbs Administration. In this last-mentioned capacity, that of Cabinet Minister, you wera guilty of a piece oi professional presumption and political turpitude that would have disgraced a police court attorney. You, wbilea Crown' hr.w Officer and a member of the Government, bound by oath and etiquette to watch over and safeguard the public interests, took a brief against the Crown— i.e., tho people in the big Government contract case of McSharry (.this should be Pro idfoot, ' Ed. , Truth.) v the Railway Commissioner?, To say theleastof it — tospeak of it in the mildest and most moderate terms possible— this was a red-hot, ecandalo is proceeding. The scandal caused, and the indignant outcry raised both in and out of Parliament, forced you to return the brief ; ' but bo widespread dad intense waB the public indignation ?roused by your conduct that you had to leave the Cabinet and resign your portfolio. It is no palliation of your offence to say that you sinned in good company, that of the Hon HSdmund Barton, another political lawyer, and Q.C. aad M.L.O. like yourself, who accepted a brief with you on the same side against the Crown, while a Cabinet Minister with you, holding the portfolio of Attorney-General. The conduct of both of you was simply scandalous and outrageous of every rule of professional etiquette and canon of political rectitude, Yoa were both properly punished by universal public con demnation and Ministerial ostracism. Your condact was a great blow to the confidence of your friends and a black blot on your political character, A lawyer who acts thus is to be distrusted ; as a politican he c&a; scarcely escape contempt ; and most cer tainly euch conduct stamps him as untrust worthy, » ♦ # ? What say you to that ? How like vou the theme ? Does tho tuue phase you ? Has the song- aud tho singer left no sinister sentitueut of resent ment in vour miud P If not von are more than human. Hut in order that the public may be pat in a position to judge of your probable or improbable capacity' to give me a. fair trial, let me take a few more choice chunks from this cornucopia of condemnation poured by me upon your devoted poli tical and professional head barely fourteen ihonths back. - *' ♦ ? # \- Now, with regard to my personal know ledge and opinion of you in your professional capacity, it wa* my unpleaiaut duty to have to lend & band to the Hon, J H Waot.ibe present Attorney-General, iu his courageous i and public-spirited attempt, and succcBStul attempt, to break up aad sma&n; into 'ever lasting smithereens' that unholy and hel lishly hideous attempt to hoodwiok the public and defeat the ends oi juetic;, known as the Bean Conspiracy. 1 have no reason to love Mr Want, who has been vigorously reaching for my journalistic scalp for this long time past, by prosecuting me for dis loyalty, sedition, jiad other alleged heinous offences. But L have wood reabon, with every honest man aad woman in Australia, to admire and congratulate Mr Want for his conduct in bursting uptbatawiul conspiracy to cloak murder aud to cover au innocent, ontragod woman, whose lile had been at tempted by process of e.ow poisoning, with shame and public reprobation. 1, with the rest of the public, had been hood- winked and led astray by this cruel aud ccalty con spiracy ; but i did my best, publicly in the witness-box, to make amends by assisting to bring to justice iboste whom 1 believed to be the chief conspirators. You had the good tortune, or misfortune, to appear as counsel ior the defence of Mr. William Patrick Crick, senior partner in the firm of Orick and Mea*her, After 1 had given my evidence-in-chief for t,he prosecution, you tackled me in cross-examination, and in yonr endeavor to do yoor best ior your client yon used me somewhat roughly, and pre. sumed, or pretended, to preach me a lecture on deportment in the witness-bus. But I gave yon a Koland for your Oliver, in the shape of a lick from the rough side of my tongue, and had 1 not been restrained by the, perhaps, deserved admonition of the presiding Judge, bis Honor Mr Justice Cohen, I'd have put ua flea in yonr ear 'that would have tickled your tympanum for many a long day and sleepless night. X didn't, however, blatno you for doing yonr professional best co deserve your professional fee ; What i did blame yon for, and do still blame yon for, was your ecurriloos, yet withal Bpeciai-pie&der;'e,siJ;y attack upon me in your address to the jury, when yon demeaned yourself, like the commonest criminal barristerial 'barracker,' by painting me as a species of perjurer J How you did this I'll tshowthe public in the next paragraph. * * * According to ? the 4 Evening News ' of December Ititb, 18115, you, in your address to the jury, declared Norton's evidence muut be taken with caution. He was one or tn^eebnglit. olevor, and ne might say dangerous men. He was full ot venom and hatred for the enemy of his life iCrick), and would take any opportunity to gratify his malice. It was clear that lie visited Meagher fur the purpose oi getting evidence agninet Crick. Was that evideoce reliable? Was Crick a man to lie and groan over a trouble of this sort? He asked the jury to wipe the evidence of Norton from their minds, for it was ta blot upon the Crown oaac. - How logioal 1 How lovely ! I How lawyer like IU To show that tbis is no distortion of your delightful diatribe, under cover of advocate's privilege, against me, who had no right of reply or romedy at iaw, read this from the 'Daily Telegraph' of December 17/th', 18115 The ulrijfrn the oaso for the Crown 'was the calling of ilr Norton, a man so fuii of venom and hatred against Crick that there wait hardly any step he would not take to gratify his malice. While Mr Norfcou should hava ibe execration of every honest than for the evidence he had given, what was to be said of the Crown which would make use of auoh an inetrunienr. - There was nothing in that evidence which should be ao corded any weight, and the very fact that Norton gave it would wipe it oik oi tbo jury'o recollec tion. /He inaUnced curtain portions of Nohon'a evidence which he cocsidcred untrustworthy. This is nice language for an ex- Cabinet Minister and CotmseUor of Her Most Gracious Majesty, to nee of a conscientious witness to » a jury in a Criminal Court. 'Mr Norton, should have the execration of every honest uoan lor the evidence Ho had given,' Should he i And why, pray I Before you answer - this question, permit me to tell yon that X 1 have never taken a brief or a fee against those who employed me, as you did in the case of Proudfoot v the liailway Comrnis uioncro, while receiving £1500 a year as a member of the Government; that 1 don't writ.; on either or both sides of a public question for a fee, as you plead, or are pre pared to plead, in your professional capacity, on aay day of the week ; and f don't play Tory while poring as a Democrat, as you do. Jloreover. permit me to say, that so far from haY-ng the execration of every honest man for tho evidence 1 gave, I bad then, and still have, and snail continue to have, the app ause and approval of every honest man whose applause and approval are worth having, and who knows anything about that damnable Dean conspiracy ; and what is more, X shall prove, on no leB- an authority than yourself, that 1 deserved, as 1 un doubtedly received, the approbation of all decent men and women for the part 1 took in unravelling the Dean. Conspiracy. ? ? # After vindicating myself against your cowardly, privileged aspM-sions in* a paragraph which I reserve for later publication in connection with another matter which transpired at my trial last Monday, and in which you are more or less directly con cerned, I went on, in the same Open Letter, to take your politica.1 photo graph, aud it was thus I depicted you Now, for yon as. a politician and prospec tive Premier, As a politician you are a truckler and a Tory. You are hand and glove with tns reactionary faciiun of ' Fossils,' who politically hibernate in that cold storage Chamber of Antiquities— the Upper House. You sit cheek by jowl with the Imperial Federatiomsts, aud do the dirty work oi Imperialism, whds pretending to serve the i-eople. There is not the scjnt of a smull of the Popular Cause ab^ut you and yonr career- Your views ou Federation are, for the most part, unknown and uncertain ; where knuwn and certain, they ate iciuud to he merely the notions puuipei into you by Air. Barton, your political wet- nurse, whose Parliamentary mouthpiece or echo you are. As an AD^lishinan born, and an Angli can bred, i can speak plainly to you, or to any other shifty Irish ebuifier of your sort without Hoepicioa of religious prejudice or racial bifis— -mat and nothing mor*. V-iu- are an Irishman and a GathoAc; but, .from both a racial and religious point of view. Irishmen, who love Ireland and Lre'uhd's cause, have a right to resent your conduct and suspect your motives. Atone time'you were a Feni&u;, i.e., a Nationalist; to-day you are a temporizer and time-server, a waiter on Imperial Political Providence, and, in times 'gone by, would have unde an admirable member of the 'Pope's Brass Band,' A few years ago, when Afonsignor Persico the Pope s Legate or Nuncio in Ireland, endeavored to put down leaiahism, or Nationalism in the foroi of boycotting by the Laud League, by isBU.og a Papal Beucript, you attended a public meeting in Sydney to denounce Monsiguor Portico's action, and to protest against the Pope's interference in Irish political affairs. What is your attitude towac'dB lre-aua's causa to-day ( Only this mouth you w-;re invited by a circuiar issued by known and respected Xrish Fatri te to attend a meeting called for the purpose of celebrating * The Hundredth Anniversary of the Irish Insurrection of 179S,' at which it was intended 'in a reverential manner to 'pay a deserving tribute to the patriots of '2d. some of whom, including the celebrated Wictlow Chief Michael Dwycr and the brave insurgent William Davis still lie in -m- honored graves in our midst.' You, the former Fenian advocate, sent a lawyer-like letter declining the invitation, impudently inviting your inviters * not to raise any political question* or make any disturbance/ A pretty port of an Irish Patriot to be sure ' A pretty sort of leader to he cure, for the Protectionist Party in New Booth Wales, to which irish men adhere almost to a man i Yon can never be leader of the Protectionists, and, therefore, can never ho Premier, for the simple reason that your Irish fellow-countrymen and co religionists would never accept you in either capacity. If they did, they would be renegade to Ireland and hex cause. Most of Ireland's wrongs and woes, and her long and infamons oppression, have been due to Irishmen of the political-lawyer class, of which you are a finished typ;, working in conjunction with political luisruieis. I always suspect an Irish 'patriotic ' lawyer, who can make the proud English boast that he is a Q.O, Fancy an Irish Queen's Counsellor &b; an Xrish Patriot I It's enough to make Krin'e guardian angel weep 1 * * ♦ Then again, the manner in which you, an Irish Catholic; 1 coquette with the Orange faction would- be' simply comical if it were not painful. Yon were practically an Orange nominee at the recent Federal Elec tion without any very vigorous protest on yonr part. It was your candidature more than anything else which brought about the Cardinal's defeat. You. had the chilled steel cheek to make one on a deputation to the Cardinal to request him to retire from the Federal Election— yoa, a Catholic, who wdre yourself a candidate as the nominee of the enemieB of the Church of which the Cardinal Is the titular and revered and recognised head, The Cardinal very properly pointed oat to you^lhe Im propriety of yonr conduct in thus attempting to coerce his public action. What a fine figure of Catholic con stancy you must have out on that occasiou ; also when yon accepted an invitation to attend the Publio Schools Juoilee Sports Demonstration at Moore Park, to which all Protestant hot no Catholic school children had been in ▼ ted. Yes, yon are a fine sample of an Irish-Catholic Patriot, Mr. R. E. O'Connor, yon are, oy uoai way, yoa owe yonr position as a member of Parliament in the Upper Home to the late 6ir Henry Parkes, the greatest opponent of irishmen and the most consistent and determined enemy of Catholics ever known in Australia. It was from him, Parkes, the concoctor of the Fenian .Conspiracy, the raiser of the h jama Ghost, and the prompter, If not the perpetrator, of the judicial murder of the drunken madman, O'Farrell, that yoa, au ir:sh Catholic, accepted the title of ' Honorable,' with a seat in the Legislative Council— from the hands of the man guilty of O'Furreii'e blood, aud responsible for the ostracism of Irishmen and the calumniation of Catholics ia^Ncw South Wales. Yon re mind me very much of a lot ot other Irish men whose careers in Ireland hava not prompted their countrymen to revere their memories or record their achievements on marble monuments. For these, aad many other reasons I could mention, you have no m?re chance of being Premier of New fiouth Wales thaa I have of becoming Pope of Home. An Irishman who cannot find acceptance among his own countrymen and co- rciigiomsis can scarcely become the head of a State composed mainly of English Protestants. Y on can never com mand the love and loyalty of the majority oi Irishmen in this country : you have too much ot tho political lawyer— the Irish tool of English rule— aoout von, to find accept ance in loyal Irish tuarts this side the Line. Ion would find grea'er acceptance in Ire land or England— Dublin Cattle or Downing street. As a professional lawyer you majr be all rwbt ; as an Australian politician yon are doubtful; as an Irish oatriot yon are, take my word for it, not worthy to rank with — Dan O'Co.snou. Therefore, yonr prcteuaioue to the leadership of the Pro tectionist Party are not worth a pfnob of salt; yonralleged aspiratioasto the Premier ship are simply preposterous. Yon can neither lead meu nor fight them ; iu a political campaign or Parliamentary debate I'd undertake to give a good acconnt of you to my leader myse.f. Therefore, be not puffed-ap with pri le ; cool the coppers of yonr outrageous aspirations ; fall into line behind your legitimate loader, who, ior the time being, ia Mr. Hyne; and keep in step with the rank and file or the Protectionist party witboutaspiriuz to lead it, which you could never do even it you were permitted to try. « # o These are a few of the things which I thought aud published about you only1 a ycur ago, and which i thought aud rj-pubiisbed less than a mouth j ago (November 13th, 1898) in these i columns, and which I still think aud re-publisb now in order that the public may judge between you aud me. It is now ior the public to say whether in the face of these fierce and fearless, yet trathful, exposures aud denunciations of you by me it is right or proper tb'it you should preside on the criminal or civil bench iu any case where I am concerned. Already iu a civil suit you have given a decision against j me which has mulct mo in heavy costs, but of which I do not complain, as \ cannot impugn it. What I now say is what ! said to your face from behind 'the spikes ' (where you kept me, contrary to the practice of. other judges, your srniors iu law aud superiors in courtesy) at Darling hurst last Monday : I dread and distrust you as a judge; and I doubt aud disbelieve your professions of im partiality in my regard. 1 ought not and cannot, I have not and will not, permit you to preside at any trial of mine, without firm and vehement protest. Of tho propriety of this conduct and determination, it is for the People of New South Wales to judge, iu tho light of what I have' exposed and denounced of your political aud professional conduct at my trial last Monday, I appeal to my fellow- citizens against you as one of my judges. I am, Sir, Your equal as a mau aud a citizen, JOHN NORTON. Sydney, Dec. 9th, 1898. 