OD1) VOWS. The annals of chivalry abound iu records of! vows more or less romantic or absurd. For! instance, Queen .Joan of Naples, at a (iraiid feast at her castle of Garta, honoured thei Knight Galeazzo of Mantua by opening the balH with him. When the dance was finished thei grateful knight kneeled down before his royalj. partner, and to fitly express his acknowledg ment of the honour he had received, he took a; solemn vow to wander through the world, visit* iug every coimtry where feat3 of arms werei performed, and not rest until he had subdued! two valiant knights, and presented them a.4 prisoners at his Queen's footstool, to be disposed! of at her royal pleasure. Tho doughty warrior* after a year spent in wandering all over Europe', returned and brought his two prisoners to the* Queen. She took tho gift very gracefully; and, the admiring historian tells u.i, declined! her right to impose rigorous conditions on ben captives,and gave them libirly without ransom. Whether they properly punished Sir Galenzzo for his interference with their personal rights we are not told. Some regard a vow as a restraining bond of a. very elastic character, especially when it inter feres with their desires. Benedick, when ha found his vow of celibacy too great a strain, upon him iu the presence of his Beatrice's charms, disposes of it fearlessly and finally with the plea : " When I said I would die a bachelor? I did not think I should live till I were married." Often we have tbn letter of the vow evaded! with some special reasoning, aud the spirit theni broken with impunity. For instance, a modem; Rip Van Winkle vowed that he would never drink another drop of liquor as long as hu hack hair on his bead. A few hours later he was met, coming out of a barber's ahop with a shaven) poll.; Damsels iu love often make strange vows. We all remember the case of poor Miss Harris ham, in Dickens's story, who was so overcom® by her lover's failure to appear at the wedding; that she ordered everything in the house to be. unchanged as it had been placed on that hap less day. Years went by, aud the wedding least remained set on the table, the rich cakes mouldered and were eaten by the mice, while* the poor, half-demmited lady flitted in and out of the deserted rooms of the house like a ghost, always wearing the white dress and veil which she had put on to welcome the faithless lover who never came. A similar case to this was that of a lady of high rank in England, who, being jilted by her lover, went to bed and vowed she would never get up again, and kept her word for 28 years. A lesj excusable case than this was that of a man who, finding that bis wife was I disposed to demand too much bard work from him, took to his bed and stayed there. For 22 years this worthless fellow stayed between the sheets, while bis wife waited on him and fed him with peisistent devotion. Vows of perpetual silence are numerous, the only trouble being that those who need this vow must do not taku it. A Miss Caraliue, in 1840, vowed that she would never speak another word to any human being, because she had a quarrel with her lover. For 35 years, until the day of her death, she was never known to utter a word. Some, years ago three sisters lived together. Two of then quarrelled and vowed never to speak to each other again They did uot speak for over 20 years, when one of them died, the other refusing to apeak to her even on her death-bed. Mother (sternly) : Why did you tell that lie to the teacher ? Johnny : To sive some body from punishment. Mother (mollified) : I knew there must bo some extenuating circum stances. Who was it you wished to save fiom 'punishment ? Johoay : Myself, mother. 