From Everywhere. Enthusiastic admiration, writes a Harrogate correspondent of the Leeds Mercury, rarely reached a higher mark, even in the old days of Methodist fervour, than was evinced on Sunday of last week by a young local preacher. His object was to hear the Rev. Hugh Price Hughes, the President of the Wesleyan Conference, who was an nounced to preach at Great Thornton- street Chapel, Hull. Our hero-wor shipper set off from Harrogate on his bicycle at three o'clock in the morning, rode to Hull — a distance of over sixty miles — attended and enjoyed the service, and made the return journey by nine o'clock, accomplishing over 120 miles in one day. He was not the least fatigued by the efforts, but was up betimes and at business on Monday morning. * * * Dr. Lunn is to resign the chaplaincy of the Polytechnic in order to assist and relieve the President, the Rev. Hugh Price Hughes, during the next twelve months. Dr. Lunn has been for some time a local preacher on the plan of the West London Mission, but his Sunday evenings have been demanded by his large congregation of 1,200 in the Regent-street Polytechnic. * * * A Sutherlandshire clergyman, who acted also as dentist for his parishioners, is said to have extracted more than 25,000 teeth during a long ministry. * * * Dr. Gordon Stables not only rides a bicycle himself, but recommends the wheel to everybody else, particularly to those who suffer from rheumatism, which, says he, ' won't stay long where a bicycle is about.' * * * At the Bellinger River Quarterly Meeting the balance-sheet for the quarter showed a surplus of nearly £10. The Rev. A. Graham was invited to remain a third year in the circuit. The Sunday-schools and Bands of Hope were well reported of, and Mr. R. Griffith was appointed substitute steward to attend District Synod. * * * The Muswellbrook Sunday-school anniversary services were held on the 23rd, and were conducted by the Rev. W. Brown. The services were well attended, in the afternoon the children of St. John's Presbyterian School joining in the service. The church was prettily decorated, and an attractive programme of anniversary hymns was rendered. * * * The Rev. W. Pearson, of Gunning, gave a lantern lecture on 'Wonderful London ' in the Lecture Hall, Goulburn, on Tuesday last, which was much appreciated. * * * The Rev. M. H. Parkinson has been invited to remain a third year in Bowral. * * * The Ashfield Church anniversary services were held on the 16th, the services being conducted by the Revs. Dr. Porter and A. W. Webb. A thanks giving service of a musical character was held in the afternoon, when the Rev. W. W. Rutledge gave an address on the 'Church and its Workers.' On the Tuesday evening, a successful tea and public meeting was held, at which gratifying reports of the church work for the year were presented. * * * During the hot days of a week or two ago, the scrub round the Kangaroo Flat Church, in the Rylstone Circuit, caught fire, and but for the vigorous efforts of the residents of the locality the building would have come to grief. Moral: 1 Insure ; 2, Keep down the undergrowth. * * * The Methodist Recorder says : — ' The other Methodist Conferences will now be represented on the committee of the Children's Home — the Methodist New Connexion by the Revs. Dr. Townsend and T. S. Nicholson ; the Bible Chris tians by the Revs. T. W. Bourne and J. B. Vanstone ; and the United Methodist Free Churches by the Rev. Edward Boaden and Alderman Heap. The Primitive Methodists have an orphanage of their own.' ' Coming events cast their shadows before them.' Methodist Union in England is almost in sight. ' A little child shall lead them.' * * * The Rev. A. R. Edgar, of the Melbourne Central Mission, has safely arrived in England, whither he has gone for treatment at the hands of expert oculists. The Christian Weekly publishes a letter from Mr. Edgar, which is of interest. He says : — 'I have not had much time to form an im pression generally of the work done by the Church in London, but my mind is quite clear about the wonderful revival with the High Church section of the Anglican Church. How ever much I may differ about the ritual — although from an aesthetic standpoint I don't object at all— there is no doubt but that the men of that school have a mission to the masses of English people. I have listened with delight to Newbold Wilson and Scott-Holland. They spoke like men inspired ; outright, manly utter ances. No ten mnnutes' carefully-prepared essays about nothing in particular and effecting nobody, but fitty-minutes' vigorous sermons on questions touching national life and public conscience to crowded, interested listeners. The sermons of these men would delight our P.S.A. people. The grip of social problems, the sym pathy, the conviction of the men, the deep need of hearers, all combine to fill one with hope and expectation, and make one feel that in this new setting of eternal truth the Church will regain her influence over the people, and Christ will be magnified. I can see in this movement the expression of my own longings, and perhaps an expansion of the methods we have pursued in the Central Methodist Mission with such success. I never doubted the leadings of the Holy Ghost in the past. Now that I see others have been and are being led along like ways, it causes me to rejoice, A Sunday afternoon in St. Paul's Cathedral, with its divine music and magnificent pulpit appeals, comes to me as a refined and helpful P.S.A. more than anything else I can conceive. * * * The Bible Christian Church at Nhill, has been renovated and enlarged by the addition of a transept, and is now a sufficiently commodious building for the congregation formed by the union of the Methodist bodies in that town. The old Bible Christian schoolroom has been removed to the rear of the church, and serves well for Sunday-school and other purposes. The financial position, ac cording to the Wimmera Star, is sound, the people are all of one mind, and that mind is to work energetically and kindly together. The pastor, Rev. F. Jolly, is highly and deservedly respected ; to his tact, assiduity, and perseverance the flourishing condition of the new circuit is mainly due. * * * The Rev. G. E. Rowe, Chairman of the West Australian Wesleyan District, proposes, in a circular to the members of his Church, the establishment of a Church Loan Fund of £10,000, and also the increase of the present Sustentation Fund from £3,000 to £6,000, which, at five per cent., would yield £300 per annum to assist Home Mission or dependent circuits. With this sum of £1,600 at command, Mr. Rowe believes the Church could finance the whole of the trust debts (except the Wesley Church scheme), without any assistance from any financial institute. * * * This is the kind of balderdash in dulged in by Bishop Camidge no less, in a speech at a Diocesan Festival at Bathurst, and as reported in the Bathurst Free Press: — He did not know whether they had all read what had recently occurred in a neighbouring diocese where a certain petition had been pre pared, which is to be presented to the Queen, complaining of the conduct of the Bishops and Archbishops at home. The question was how that petition would be received ? They could imagine the Queen assembling all the Bishops and Archbishops. He supposed that those gentlemen in the diocese of Sydney who have been preparing this petition would go over with it. London, no doubt, was in a state of excite ment over it. When the petition was presented to the Queen she would say, "Well, first of all. I want to know something about these gentle men from Sydney. Now, I understand the Protestant Union ; I want to know about this word ' Protestant,' and why you are so fond of using it. It is a Roman word, it comes from the Roman party ; it is found in the 24th chapter of the second Book of Chronicles. You are very fond of Roman words yet you call yourselves Protestants. In the year 1869 the word 'Protestant ' was introduced in connection with the Church of England ; the House of Convocation absolutely rejected the word 'Protestant,' as never having been connected with the Church of England at all. I hear that you sit down at the time of the offertory — that comes from a Roman source, and that you are so very fond of things belonging to the Roman Church. I don't want you to have a light and quarrel, I want you to be at peace.' Turning to the Lord Chancellor the Queen would then remark, ' Put that petition in the waste-paper basket.' Then turning to the petitioners she would say, 'Take the next ship to Sydney," One would not be surprised to hear of trash of this kind coming from the editor of Truth, if indeed John Norton could be guilty of facetiæ so elephantine ; but coming from a high dignitary of the Anglican Church, such rubbish is, well — * * * The Milton Quarterly Meeting was held on the 18th ult., and was well attended. The income for the quarter was regarded as satisfactory, as was also the condition of the Sunday-school. Mr. J. Thompson was elected substitute steward to attend District Synod, and the Rev. J. Scharkie was unanimously invited to remain a third year in the circuit. * * * The Mudgee Liberal has changed hands lately. It is now owned by Mr. W. A. Marsh, and has been improved by the transfer. * * * The Morpeth Sunday-school anniver sary services were conducted by Rev. J. Clifton on Sunday, 16th ult. The examination and prize giving took place in the afternoon, and were sandwiched with a programme of recitations, etc. The public meeting was held on the following evening, and addresses were given by the Revs. J. Clifton, J. W. Collier, Mr. Graham, superintendent of the school, and Mr. Swanson, varied by lantern views, recitations, and music. * * * The kaleidoscopic Dr. Zillman has figured in another transformation scene, and has been elected, so say the news papers, to fill the position vacated by the Rev. G. Walters at the Unitarian Church. Whither next? * * * At Kayuga, in the Muswellbrook Circuit, an interesting and successful entertainment was given on the 27th by the children and teachers of the Muswellbrook Sunday-school. The programme consisted of the hymns and recitations, &c;, rendered at the S.S. anniversary in Muswellbrook the week before, together with contributions by other friends. 