WRECK OF THE SCHOONER MARINER, COURT OF 'ENQUIRY. A Court of lMarine ]Inquiry" touch ing the wreck of the schooner Mai ner, which went ashore on the rocks inside of the Emn Bay brcakwater at the end. of July ]ast,4was held, at the City Police Court yesterday morn ing. The Police Magistrate (Mr. E. Whitfeld) presided, with Captains W. t.; .Barwwood and, J. Bradley as nautical assessors. W'\illiam I. MYAr-thur, master mari nier, produced his certificate of ser vice and competency, dated February 21, 1878, issued by the -Iobart Marine Tic:ard. Lre deposed he was master of the schooner ilariner .during July last, and arrived inside Emu B1ay breakwaIter att 6 p.m. on. July 29. The wind, was S.I., and the weather fine at the time. He moored the vessel alongside the 'breakwater a.t 8 a.m. the next day, the weather still being line. She. was partly loaded. with ti amber, and was drawing. about 5ft. Sill. for "ward, and 7ft. Gin. aft. There were five hands oan board, idl told. . lie, together withd Captalin W. Jones, har-" bour-musteer, superintended the moor ing of the vessel at about 20ft. or 30ft. from the shore end of the break water. The anchor was out with 25 fathoms of. chain, at an. angle. o,f 20 degrees fi'om the breakwater-. A 4in. warp moored the vessel fore and aft, :and heer head was pointing to, the sea; there was a. double. or triple line. out. The harbour-nmaster was satisfied w.ith the" moorings, and. exclaimed, "The ves sel would be as sngll a a.s bug in. a rug." At 7 i.m. on, thei 30t.h the wind rose andl begani to blow hard, and an, hour la.ter, as the severity of the weather had increased, lie put out all the wa.rps available, including an 1Sin. one. .t was just after high wa'ter a.t, the time, and he, with the mate, suplerintend'ed the mooring. The anchor was doing the work "expected of it, and lie had every reason to believe it was clear, but. he remained on. board the whole time. 'T[he. gale increased to a; hurricane, and at, about 2 a.m. (at nearly low tide) he anid the mate: heard. the, vessel bumping, and le went, on. deck amid found the warps at the bow hald parted, but the 181n. warp was still sound and fast to the maninmast. The ropes were protected ini the hooks by packing, to prei:entt friction. The 4iun. aftt lines w\ere .then eu.t, because the bow had swung out towards the, anchor, and her aft was bumpling heavily against the breakwater. He then cut. tmhe man.in warp, thinking the vessel would riloe to her anchor, but.. a heavy sea struck her on, the port, side, and brought her brondside on, amnd she dragged her anchor on to the rocks. It would have been no use putting the other anchor out, ns the sea. broke over the breakwater, taking away part of it. lHe had 45 fathoms on th, starboard anchor, and 25 were out,, and it was not possible to put. the 1Sin, warp forward. Thero was a.miotherl vessel inside the. breakwcikater at1 an?mchor, and it, safely rode out the: storm, it not, being loaded. Under ordinary circumstances the l nriner would harve beenL safe. fMr. W. .Jones, the harbour-nmaster was not, near the ves sel alter 4.30 p.m. The dMa.riner was not insured. When, she' went oni to the rocks he gave, orders to, the crewv to get, into the, bouts as quickly is possible. lie lost his lnstrimnints, navigation books and charts, :and part of his clothes. The wind continued for about ~hr'ee hIrours. lIt was some time after 2 a.mn. when he got on shore. Charles Forsdille said! hae was. miate of tihe schooner 'i\larilner at the tinme of the disaster. Witness had had a good number of years' experlience on the sea, and, in. his opinion no more could have. 'been done to safely moor the vessel. He then, corroborated the evidence, of tihe former witness. The remaining seamen were called on deck when the lines parted'. tqt. would have been danlgerous to have sent. a manl onm to the 'e.alkwater to .moor the vessel, as the, seas were breakingg over It, and a. quantity of cargo that was on shore was washed) over the vessel. Thomams Rlyan, an A.B. senanman, de posed he hadi assisted in. mooring the Ma'riner on July :i30, and the harhboir master wans there at the time. There were tnhree ropes forwanl and. two nit.. lie had: beeni at, sea for nine y.enars. Wi.tness was in. thel fo'cnstle when the lines broke away, and when the came on deck the catanin and matde were there. The. big line was then slamckened, and the. vessel went far ther out. It, would not have been possible to stand on the brenva~cler, as the sea was breaidng over it, hea vily. 'lThmo harbour-mnasier didt not come down to the vessel after it. was moored,. .Ciptain MFeArti lhr, recnalled, slat.led thalt thle Marine'r was 74 tons regis ter, and, nwa owned by Air. J. A. Lyall, of La?unces on'. The Police Mlagistrate said that. the decision of the court would be given at 10.30 one the following mornlng. The butler: "HIevery night, at the hour of midnight, the ghost happears, and groans, and wrings 'is 'ands." Tourist: "Ah, he must have died In the cucumber season." Mathlnna.-The two local agents for the "Examiner" at Mathinna' are Miss Fitz gerald anl Mr. J. W. Hous. 2iAT JONES' IXL JAMS.* 