% • 'ijA LOST ITEM. ii&^leMfainr^ei Paper Thai (hu Editor % ^ ' ' ' ; to Insart. ^ WMSiliF-^M^ running the GeevlIIa Beacon tight of Liberty, one of my patrons from a way back district oamsinto the office one day late in the . Joy was iteaming :JErom-iis. face like candle shining through the holes, in • jack- lantern. * .rol, de.jol., de .raddiiiy' Xol de rol, de rol, de ray!" was his first rtemark, as he cut a series of backwoods pigeon wings around the,room. It was court week, during wblcli event the : Geeville taverns were rwdnt to set forth. i to their eager pairois a tipple thai bad won much fame for-the promptness with which it took dull care oy 1 the neck and tossed it out of the window, and I at first thought that mS friend from way back had been in fond and too protr'aeted daUiance with this insinuating bowl; but such wa& not the fact After be had warbled ^ad'pirouetted'ofE his first burst of glee^ he plunked down in a chair and said: "I'm goin' ter give yer a piece fer yer paper better'n stealin*, or running, off with somebody elSe's wife, or bum-' ing ,, your „ neighbor's -barn! Ye know tfta , £ev Widder Buggies' Buggies, place, an' don't ye know ye?" the Wid- I told him I did. "How old d'ye s'pose the widder is?*" he asked, and I told him I had no idea. "Why, dod turn it! She's" sixty-eignt! Sixty-eight past An' ain't she humljrT She's so all-fired humly that she sot in her corn patch this season an' actu'ly sk-.ered the crows away! That's pooty "durn humly. ain't it? An* ain't she thin? An ash saplin's got more meat on it than the widder has! Fact! Slie's deefer'n a post, too. an her off eye ia our. An' you couldn't raise white beans on that clearin' o' her'n! For agricultr'l purposes, that clearin* ain't wu<h nine shill'n an acre. But, do ye know, she won't sell the durn place for any price. She says if any feller wants that clearin' he's got to take her with it. An' who d'ye think's bea edgin* round the widder. anxious to git the clearin' on them diskerigint terms? Actually willin' to marry the "Widder Buggies to git that clearin'? Why. Pete Sykes! An' why is he so dum willing to'git the clearin' on them diskerigin terms? 'Cause he's found out that the clearin' has got thishere on it, that's why." My friend from 'way hack took at handful of glittering, heavy bits of ore from his pocket and handed them to me. Then he danced joyously, shouting: "Gold! Tol de rol, de rol. de raddidy! Goid on the Widder Buggies clearin*! She's old. an' rattly as a dried gourd;, an' deef, an' short an off eye, an' har clearin' ain't wuth nine shill'n an acre for agriculture but there's gold on her clearin'. Tons ajn' tons of it! An' Pete Sykes, he's found it out, somehow, an' is willin' to marry the widder! He told me so! But he don't know that the widder's dead sot on me. Pete's going up to ask her to-night! Tol. de rol, de rol, de raddidy. An' the widder don't know she's got gold on her clearin'! She's dead sot on me, an' Pete can't tetch her! She's old enough to be my mammy, but she's got gold! Say! Ain't this goin' to -be a piece fer your -paper that '11 make things rattle?" I took the specimens my 'way bade friend handed me. They were iron pyrites. I put them on a shovel'a.nd held it in the fire. Presently they vanished as if they had never been. The look on my visitor's face was a sight to see. "That's what they call 'fool's gold,* Jaggers," I said. It's entirely worthless. Tou couldn't get a dollar for a thousand tons of it. You've had a narrow escape. You might have married the decrepit Widow Buggies and her worthless clearin*. Let Pete Sykes have the widow if he wants her." My friend at last awoke to the true situation. He stamped and thumped and knocked things around the office and. yelled and swore until things looked blue. "Let "Pete have the widder?" he yelled. "Why, great crackin* heels o* Julius Caesar's ghost! Tht^e ^'t ^ widder! The Widder Buggies, old air rattlv an' deef an* without an off eye^ ain't* the Widder Buggies! She's Elnathan Jaggers. by thumps, fer I stole a march on Pete, an' married her this mornin' !" And my friend from 'way back dashed out of the office and away. I never put his piece in the paper. ? 