INTERNATIONAL CRICKET. The very candid statements made by Prince Eanjit Sinjhi to an 'Evening News' represen tative, and published in a late edition of this journal last night, leave the impression that there' are numbers of cricket enthusiasts in Australia who regard English cricketers as enemies who cotrf6 this way to rob the native of his birthright, or in some' other way do him a deadly injury. The prince speaks out very freely concerning the treatment which he and members of Stoddart's team generally have been subjected to aonng me progress or maicnes, as well as at other times ; and it really would appear that there is something to complain of.* ?? From the moment we landed,' he says, 'in every place we went we have been insulted.' He does not say this was done maliciously, ' but rather for the sake of making a sensation.' ' Of course,' he adds, ' a little chaff and banter is expected, but it becomes a bit monotonous to be hissed and hooted on every ground.' So that it would appear that it is not Sydney alone that produces the .cricketer bar racker. But in addition to the barracking on the grounds during the matches, it would seem that members of the team hare been subjected to further annoyances in the shape of let ters and telegrams ironically congratulating them -whenever they wpuld fail to make a score in a match. The players fielding out near the bonndar y seem to hare come in for more than the ordinary share of banter and insults, and have to listen to taunts which are inaudible from the press box, and of which the spectators generallv have no knowledge. All tni& is to be deplored. It is cricket enthusiasm run crazy, but it should not be forgotten, in fairneBS to the enormous crowds who patronise these con tests, that the taunts complained of and the hootbjgs proceed from a very small number of the spectators. A score or two of barrackers out ef an. attendance of 36,000 can make things very unpleasant for a team in the field, and give as much annoyance as half a dozen rousrhs *t a political meeting. The sending of ironical letters and telegrams is of course inexcusable, and all the less pardonable because dene deliberately a fte* reflection, and not under f-e impulse of some momentary feeling of resentment. Bat it is a puerile and contemptible proceeding, *nd not worth the notice given to it. The whole thin? goes to show how seriously the youtb.Gf the present day — for it may be taken, .for granted that only the young and giddy cricket hero worshipper resorts to barracking — take their cricket. These international contests are brought largely by a desire to further cement the good feelingd between Australians and their kindred at home. Beyond that, a very natural desire exists to promote the game of cricket itself by bringing tbe best players in the world together in friendly rivalry. To England this country has always looked for the highest models of players, and without the visits of English cricketers the game in Australia would be in a very primitive condi tion inde^d. The visits of English, teams to Australia and the counter visits of Australians to England have enabled Anetralian cricketers to so perfect themselves in the art that at last they can held their own against the best teams that, the mother country can put into the fields. Mere than that, these friendly international contests have , been a sort of innocent delight and healthy recreation to hun dreds of thousands of people. That they should be discouraged by hooting and in sults to the visiting players will seem almost inexplicable to well regulated minds. Even granting 'that those hostile demonstrations come from . an innnite6imally small proportion ef the spectators, and that the vast majority are . perfectly impartial in their applause, the fact that the captain and other leadipg members of the English team have had to make the serious complaints they have cannot fail to be prejudicial to the cause of international cricket, and if international be in jured, local cricket must also suffer. The complaints made by Mr. Stoddart and Prince £anjit Sinhji will of course be in due course put before the English public, and English cricketers will in future think twice befope coming ont here again and running the risk of being insulted and hooted for merely engaging in a friendly game of cricket. Unfortunately, this is not toe first time visiting cricketers have had to com plain of the treatment accorded to Mr. Stoddart's men, and unless the managers of the various Australian grounds can do something to restrain the. misdirected enthusiasm of soma of the local barrackers, the future of cricket in this part of the -world will not be so bright and satisfactory as ail true lovers of the game would like to see it, Tbe proposal of the cable companies to try to minimise the 'breakdowns on the Australian overland lines Ly prolonging, the anticipated cable between Australia and the Cape to Adelaide, would go a certain distance towards the object in view, but not all the way. It would, of course, in no way. relieve the Port Darwin line, but it would take some of the ' pressure off the nmeh-burdened line between West Australia and Adelaide. It would be laid, presumedly, from point to point of the- Great Australian Bight, and would not be liable to the many mis haps that afflict the land lines. Moreover, it wduld not be subject to . tbe sab-marine up heavals and volcanic disturbances that affect the two cables starting from Java to our northern pa&ore.; The Bight 1b subject to rough weather and' hea^yNseas^ nearly' -equalling ther; famed Atlantic ones in their' 'height and volume, eo that in case of a' break the repairing would be proportionately difficult. There \- is. no doubt, however, but what the proposal | will be acceptable to the colonies, as freeing the Eucla line from much of its congestion. This | line being eo much used by the Eastern colonies | for Australian business, has been rendered unable | tp cope alone with the work of transmitting the i foreign cables as well. This, the .busiest portion of our communication being thus dealt with, the lines should be better able to. give a good account of themselves in future. It rs cabled out that Samuel Clemens, or ' Mark Twain/' bus succeeded in the object which, led Mm to undertake a tour of the world, and has paid off the whole. of the debts he- incur- red in connection with the Webster Publishing Company of New vrork. The well-worn parallel of Sir Walter Scott will at once occur to readers , of this piece of news. And, although it was but the ghost of the old Mark Twain who came to Sydney, all will be glad to hear that his efforts to free himself from a debt for which he con sidered himself morally if not legally liable, have been successful. Mark Twain's humor, ' like Bret Harte's and others of that school, does not stand the test of longevity. American humor runs mainly in one grove, and to parody Mrs. Gamp, 'it lives in a groove and dies in a groove, and must take the conse quences of sich a sitivation.' When the ' Inno cents Abroad ' toofc the world by storm it was fresh and racy, everybody quoted it, and bits of it got adapted into the slang of the day, until the fun of the thing was killed Ijy repetition. Would be humorists of the Mark Twain order arose in all directions, copying their master in the most barefaced manner. Naturally the humor, original at first, was defeated by its own popularity, and the cheap Mark Twain s of journalism spoiled tne real thing. None of his later books have in consequence attained the popularity of his earlier ones ; and the last one, which has assisted him in clearing off his debt, shows painfully throughout tbe work of a man whose name sells a book. 'While it is encourag ing to learn that that much-abused class knowa as writers do, at times, make a struggle to pay their debs, it should not induce the young beginner, satisfied in his own mind of future fame, to plunge recklessly into debt in order to wipe it off in a blaze of glory and financial success. It must bs remembered distinctly that it all depends on making the name first. And that is about the hardest part of it, and the particular part that turns back ninety-nine out of a hundred applicants for fame and dollars. Every struggling aspirant has not a friendly Dr. Johnson, like Goldsmith had, to find out the immortality of Ms particular ' Vicar of Wake field' while the landlady clamors at the door for her rent. 