nno.mnnnrs gueatee xeit YORK LETTER. In the Grand Salon ;it Paris some twenty .years ago t,wo superb pictures hung near the main or,trance, evidently painted by the same master hand. Just at. this time they would be objects of special interest, as they r, pre sented two of the most notable events in the history of Spain. One was "The Last Hours of Columbus" and the other was "The Death of Pi/.zaro, the Conqueror of Peru." No two eharaet-i's could be .more opposite and yet, strange as it may seem, when it came to the final settlement both believed in the power of the church to absolve them of the consequence of any deeds done in the body, however inhuman or wicked. But the life of Columbus was, as matters were in his age, one of upright reverence ; his known lapses from the straight and narrow path were such as did n jt bring him within the pale of the church's or social condemnation. He had always been more or less a dreamer. The world n 11 which he -was living filled his thoughts by clay and his dreams by night. That there was a somewhere in the unknown and unexplored Jar beyond, rich in gold, silver and precious jewels, nobody doubted rth'd each "one supposed himself to be God's chosen instrument for the discovery, when ever that might be. ; In Columbus's life there seemed to be a peculiar iitness for his chosen mission. He married the daughter of a man who had made, for himself a name famous in the field of - geographical discovery. On his death Columbus became the inheritor of numerous carefully drawn maps of the earth's confor mation; together with the relative amounts of . .land and water, all of which were far in advance of anything that was known of the earth up to that time. Columbus travelled much; he visited Spain as a last resort, encouraged by reports of the progress she and Portugal were making in tho new field of geographical discovery. At first the application was referred to the learned scholars of her-' colleges, by whom it was dismissed without a moment's examina tion, the pertinent question being asked him if he thought that such a magnificent dis covery could have escaped all tho learned men and voyagers for thousands of years to be at last discovered by an ignorant person in a single day. Such an argument could not'be answered, so the great discoverer was quietly brushed aside and, almost heart broken, was compelled to bide his time. During all these suffering years of waiting and disappointment- there was one who watched his fortunes with unconcealed sorrow, but who, when it came to the last extremity, was .ready to make the sacrifice of liei' jewels to assist the ardent prophet in his-voyage of discovery. But- the grand picture told nothing of his previous history, his glory and disgrace. He was now on his way to Seville a dying man. He. had been waiting for months on a faith less court. The heartless energies who had sent him home in chains were never pun ished. The government that had robbed him of'his great properties never made restitution, and there were times when, not withstanding liis reputed wealth,- that he felt the -pangs of pinching poverty. The iron had sunk deep into liIs.heart and lie felt, that the end 'was nob. far off. . His eyes .turned toward Seville ; there still lived his beloved Beatrice, tho mother of his natural soil Fernando, who, with his . brother Diego, the issue'of his lawful wife, brightened his dying hours with their love. "When he remem bered the sacrifices, she had made for liim when lie- was. poor and how-completely he had neglected her in the day of his power, -when, his wealth was almost countless, his conscience troubled him, and. he resolved to visit Seville to make some restitution to tli3 poor, wronged ■ woman, who had ever 're mained faithful to her. first love.' As he drew near the city of Seville, attended by his two sons, Fernando, the .son of his beloved Beatrice,, and Diego, his .'lawful son, he was seized with sudden, and violent pains which compelled him to alight. Close at hand was a monastery, and when the pious monks learned who the distinguished traveller was he. was taken to the monastery, where he was constantly attended by the abbot, the monks and liis two sons, Fernando and Diego, up to the hour of his death. Almost his last act was to make provision for the mother of Fer'uando. Then, receiving the last rites of the church, lie gave up the ghost. , ! ' . Columbus - only survived his great dis covery eight years, and in that brief time distinguished honors were showered upon him. The Spanish government in the end .continued-to rob him of. them all. He died a. broken-hearted man, the last days of. his life being embittered and cursed by robbery, persecution and ingratitude, such as finds few parallels in the history of the world. So palpable, was the infamy of the government in confiscating the estates of Columbus and depriving him of his titles, which he had com mitted no 'offence To JOrfei tr'thfit""n'lreTrirfrHr his father's death Diego was compelled to see the Government foi\ the restitution of his father's "titles and his "fortune, every case in the courts was decided against the Crotvn, but notwithstanding that fact, the restitution to his descendants was never fully made. . Just at this time the question is a very pertinent one, By what- right does Spain hold Cuba or Porto Rica ? or by what right dil she once claim Mexico, Chili or Peru? The only answer she can truly give is by tho right of conquest. When Cortez landed in Mexico he found a civilised people, a well ordered and merciful government. The people were not nomads, but- lived in cities, towns and villages, or on fine plantations, wliicli produced abundantly. Want among them was a thing unknown. They had given no offence to Cortez or' his countrymen which should lay .them liable to robbery- and assassination. Read the plain, unvarnished tale as told by Prescott or any other reliable historian of the conquest of Mexico. When we read the sickening story of Spanish per fidy, of scenes of plunder and slaughter, we almost." doubt- the providence of God that' permitted for one moment such crimes to go unpunished. If, then, tliti right of owner ship by conquest is all they claim, what right have they to complain when Cuba, the. Philippines or the Ladrones are torn from tlicir grasp by a hand more powerful and more in touch with the advanced civilisation that is ruling the world to-day ? The so called conquests of Mexico and Peru by Cortez and Pizznro were acts of piracy, pure and simple, and if anything has occurred among men since the beginning of recorded time that will match the shocking brutality of Pizza ro's government in Peru, history has failed to record it. Francisco Pizzaro was the illegitimate son of a Spanish colonel and a peasant girl of Estramadura. He was dis owned by both his parents, and as soon as he could walk, he was thrust out on the streets, where he soon became leader of a gang cf Godless rullians like himself—a band which kept the surrounding country in terror till at. the age of 19, fired by the news of rich dis coveries of gold, silver.and precious stones, he succeeded in joining a party that- was going to Hispamola, which for several yea.s be came his home. Hispaniola at this time was a favorite pla.'e for fit-ting out tho pirate craft whi'. h cruised in the Spanish main, way laying the rich argosies which transported the gold and silver secured in the rich mines of the new found Eldorado. Little it mattered to that piratical horde whether the loot was the property of friend or foe. If it belonged to men of their own country, and they feared discovery, every living soul on board the argosy w:>s made to walk the plank, the ship was scuttled and thus all record of their piracy was wiped out, and the treacherous waves closed over the sinking ship, their favorite motto being "Dead men tell no tales." Reaching Hispaniola at an age when im pressions easily made are the strongest and most enduring, Pizzaro was not long in forming associations that influenced the whole of his after life. The island swarmed with pirates fresh from the Spanish main, rich with tho loot of vessels they - had plun dered on their cruise. Fugitives from jus tice fi ■om every country 011 tho face of the earth here sought shelter and protection, as being without the pale of the law. In the evening when they came = together to drink and" smoke, and tell.-stories, Pizzaro was always among the company, a silent listener. Not- an item of interest escaped him and when the marvellous stories were told of the wondrous riches of Peru, they fired the heart of the young adventurer, and.within his in nermost soul he resolved that some day sooner or later, he would'be the conqueror of that land, or die in the attempt. Many years passed by, years of desperate endeavov and disastrous failure between the forming ; of that resolution and its final and successful | accomplishment. The- most distinguished feature in Pizzaro's character was hi1', fixed I <:o>.s of j and unwavering constancy to an idea lie had set liimsclf out to accom plish. When lie lirst resolved to be the conqueror of Parti he was poor and so ignorant that he could neither read nor write. Friends he had none. His coarse and brutal ways prevented acquaintance ripening into friendship, for in his ungovernable lies of ill-temper which were constantly recurring and growing constantly more evil as the years rolled by, those who considered themselves his friends were quite as likely to stiller as his bitterest enemies:' Though not quite tiventy when he, poor, ; ignorant and unknown as lie was, resolved to conquer Peru, he was over 50 before he found himself in a position to attempt the carrying out of his purpose. Long years of disaster, defeat and disappointment lay between him and the object of his ambition and the crown ing glory of success. This is no place to rehearse the story of Peru's conquest and the shocking story of the enslavement and brutal murder of her inno cent and unoffending people. He had now sounded all the depths of baseness and in humanity and all those whom official duty compelled to be near him were hourly in fear of their lives. So a number of those whom ho supposed wore his friends resolved on Lis ass assination. On the 2!!th of June, 1541, a grand feast was given at the palace, to which Pizzaro had invitei] a number of his most eminent chiefs, everyone of whom was in the plot for his assassination. As ' Pizzaro entered the banquet hall all the chiefs rose' as if to receive him .with usual honors, when one of" the chiefs, whom he believed to be his dearest friend, rushed upon him and'plunged along dagger in his side; others attacked'with swords and guns and the ruttianly old tyrant felt that his hour had come. Wrestling a heavy Andrew jFcrrara (rom the hands of one of his assassins, ho turned oil the crowd like a lion at bay, and he fought with such desperate energy that six of his assailants lay dead at his feet. A blow on the head from the but of an arquebus^ brought him to his knees, and he fell- forward on his face, his blood pouring like a mill stream from a score of wounds, His fight was ended, the sw:u'd dropped from his hand and he fell forward on his face ; then reaching out to a pool of his blood on the floor, he dabbled his hand in it, and drew the sign of the cross and attempted to write Jesu Christe with his blood.. The effort was too much, with a heavy groan he sank upon the floor. A moment more and one of the most inhuman brutes of which his tory bears any record had passed beyond the vale. I have devoted this space to a notice of this Spanish barbarian who was a f.w sample of the apostles that Spain sent into newly dis covered lands to spread the gospel light of the new dispensation. Let. us go back to the dark est barbarian that ever accepted Christ's word from such false prophets and history has no parallel. Wait, wait ; watch and wait—the evangelists are coming with the true Bread of Life. Watcli and wait, watch and wait! Yours truly, BROADBRIM. 