TERRIBLE BURNING ACCIDENT. A SYDNEY MAN FALLS ON A HOT STEAM-PIPE IN A BATII. HIS FLESH ADHERED TO THE PIPE LIKE A STEAK TO A FRYINGPAN. AN AWFUL SIGHT. While in a bath in Pitt street, a Mr Jarvis had the misfortune to slip and fall on the hot water pipes, and before lie could be rescued lie was scalded and burnt in a terrible way. The shock of the burning and the fall proved to be very disastrous for Mr Jarvis, and for a number of years after lie was a confirmed invalid, suffering terribly from locomotor ataxia and other forms of paralysis. A few months ago, however, reports began to be circulated in the reiglhborhood that Mr Jarvis was getting round again, and that lie had had ai most marvellous recovery from this ap parently incurable malady. It was on account of these rumors that a special re porter from the Sydney Worker was des patched to get all inforniation-regarding same, and one afternoon lie made his way to his house, 45 Crown lane, Ultimo. Ir Thos. Jarvis was discorvred nursing a two-year-old baby, and his face declared him one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about, and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still a few marks of a critical illness and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid no more. In reply to the preliminary questions lie said:-" You want to knows all about my case ? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who were stricken as I was." "How long were you suffering ?" " Well, twelve months ago 1 got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago next Christmas I met with an accident; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the mialady, I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." " What were the symptoms i ?" "Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. 1 had no control over my bowels and bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd Marcl last I saw a well-known doctor, and lie told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institu tions." "Did you make use of the order " " No; I came hoemo and \went to bed, and have been in bed pretty well ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with mie, and only a quastion of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attend ing me, and did all lie could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony 1 was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffer ing from locomoter ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal chord, characterised by peculiar disturb ances of gait, and difficulty in co- ordinating voluntary movements. lie told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure effected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the Atistralitan WTorkman, by Dr Williamis' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case lwhich seemed to fit msy own. I determined to give the pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I liad for many a day. It was incredible. I inmnediately left the bed and was able to move about. You see those crutches there I They are perfectly new, and I have never used thelm. They were made for me before I got Dr Williams' Pink Pills, but I was too weak to' use thoen, and now I don't want them." "lie is JUO per cent better," said Mrs Jarvis, who had coulo in and taken the baby on her knees. " The Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Ptle People have saved Ihis life, and lmade another nman of him." A friend who called in at this point said that Jarvis looked tell years younger that day than lie did a fortnight previouls. " I can now," continued Jarvis, " have a cold bath, and aill ftho eecling has come back into my legs. I ascriboe,l tile change and benefit to Dr Williams' Piuk Pills. They have saved mylife. 1 am in no pain now, whatever, and fell like ia new man. On tile ilaut!:ntlpiec there is a box of opitum and morphia pills which tie decti si gave lme to deaden thu excruciating pain. But tlhey can :-t.ay where they arc, for 1 no lni,'er nced them. E'veuiybody . hlo kinollOw iml' hIas bcen ad it th,, c'ange in mce. They can h.tird!. y l.e t!ihir IyI e:,. My being about ag.ain I!:L caut?.el q'ite a. -snsation cut h-ere-. Such i " tlii; rimiarkabl hiato:y, and it confirms what is -aid in a!l tho c!ief news papers cf this country uf the astonishing cures wrought by Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as anenmia, pale and sal!ow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the baok, ner;vous headache, etc. MIl J5. £. T, FrGowcn, leader of the Labor 2a-rty 1 t-e ::.$.V- . L oegi nitivo As, sembly, was seen by our reporter .i con nection swith the remarkable case of Thomas Jarvis. Mr SI'Gowen says he has known Jarvls frois infanvy, He also knew that he had to give up hIis work at Globe Island abattoirs twelve months ago owing to a malady which he developed. He after wards heard that Jarris wfis bed- ridden, and that thler was little chance of his re covery. He understood Jarvis was refused admission to Sydney IHospital, as his case had been pronounced incurahbl. Mr M'Gowen was, therefore, like everyone else who kneow the facts, astounded at the com plete recovery of Jarvis. Thcco wonderful pills are obtainable from leading chelimis', or from the Dr Williaims' Medicine Co., Flanders- street, Melbourne, swho wil forward, poll paid, on receipt of stamps or post order, one box for 2s 9d, or half a dozen for 15s 3d. See that the genuine Dr Williams' are got, When the Trans-Siberian line is com pleted in 1901 there will be an unbroken stretch of railway froee Ostend to:-Vladi vostock of 8869 miles. Itts estimated that this can be covered in 300 hours, and in less when the terminus is Port, Arthur. This will bring Japan within 14.or:l; .days of London. as against £8 days via Canada, cr 81 v5a Suez. 