NOTES AND COMMENTS. The Eev Anna Shaw wants to be a Chicago policeman. In fact, she thinks the entire force should be made up of women. She declared before the National Convention of the Women's Suffrage Association that 200 rmed women as policemen,in Chicago do more towards the elimination of j than many times that number of men. We believe there is a good deal in what Anna says, though it is a striking commentary on the difference between the behaof the citizens of the United towards women at any hour of day and night and that borne ds them in other English-speaking ries that this proposal is made from ceantry. Female police would "have a rider scope In London, for instance, and undoubtedly emancipate English in from the big risk of insult on being 1 on the streets after dark. Besides, there now gangs of female burglars and highj robbers in England, for particulars of see an account printed elsewhere. We pride ourselves on being plain spoken, and the English arrivals say we are vulgar, but judging from TCneiish court reports we arc no more plain spoken than the English, and we practice a good deal more humbug. How often Ho we hear of judee« being eminently surnrjsed by a fast being brought under their judicial notice that they are perfectly well aware of in their private capacity. Listen to the following excerpt from a London County Court, presided over by Judge Bacon :— Plaintiff, who had summoned his landlord for a chronic stink • on the premises, deposed that for a long time prior to July be had noticed a bad smell in his barparlor. The regular customers who ha-1 wed that room all left him. On July 16 the room was flooded. an-< for four months his takings fell off to the extent of £3 weekly A witness was called who stated that he used to spend 10s a week in the bar- parlor, but left owing to the smell. Mr Crooke : What do you earn. ? WitneFS : Thirty shillings weekly. Mr Crook : And you spend 10s in drink ? This is dreadful ' nother witness gave similar evidence. In answer to his Honor both said they wore single men. Mr Crook: This evidence is too much. It is impossible to credit the statement that men spend, one-third of tbeir income on drink. Judge Bacon: You are indeed innocent, (Laughter.) It is a most common thing among ample men. Mr Crook : Then it is a very sad state of > affairs. But I have no experience of this district like your Honour. Judge Bacon : Do not flatter yourself it is confined to the East-end—I assure you it is not. ' For the defence it was suggested that the sewage came from below. Judge Bacnn : That is impossible. The evidence is that it came from above. Water does not. flow uphill. Indeed it is only in poetry that 'streams meander level with their source '—(laughter)—and only in one poor poet. (Renewed laughter.) Eventually his Honor held that defendant was not liable in law. and gave judgment for him with costs. Now, had that case been heard before Chief Justice Madden, he would have delivered an anti-liquor homilv upon the evils of wasting a third of the witness's substance in drink. Judge Bacon who, like MaHden, has no doubt dozens of professional acquaintances who spendla greater proportion of theft earnings, refrained from making a hypocrite •E himself. » * «• « • Reynold's Newspaper' 6ays that the Indian frontier war has already cost the British taxpayer ten millions of money. These figures are so tremendous that they raise our wonder, but sources of investigation are so remote that we cannot criticise them.; How is it that in this boodle age nations do not go to war on contract? It surely would be a great savin?, and surely it- is practicable. In America an enterprising individual—an ex- detective named Pinkerton—has a. small, bandy army which be letBOut on hire, e'therfor war or police duty, and the results, as far as the' can be judged, are eminently satisfactory. In the Debs war and the Chicago riots, the firms guarded bv Pinkerton's men had nothing to complain of on the scores of expense or efficiency, and surely a microcosm i6 capable of practical extension. The ten millions for the few months' war in India, and the four millions for the few days' war -in Greece, seem such extravagant sumB that, wefancya reform is sadly needed, • » * A Home raper under the heading ' A Model Publican' says the ' Down and Connor No. 2' Church Army Mission and Colportage Van has just concluded a mission at Liscolman, County Antrim. Owing to the stormy weather, the only suitabie place for Hie meetings was a hotel. The proprietor of the hotel, however, not onl lent his largest room to the Van Mi«sioners without charge. ; fitted it with.electric light, and supplied the" seats, but also attended the meetings himself and led the singing- Now, in this there is : an inferred slur on the noble army of publicans. It is considered extraordinary that a publican should interest himself inchnrch matters', and we straightway elevate oarselves on our hind legs and ask why ? W hat iB the difference between a publican and an ordinary man ? He does not practice an illegal calling, he provides for a larger section of the community tl-an any other tradesman, and his livelihood is not animadverted upon in any passage of holy writ. Then why t&e; frequent inferential protestation that he is as good as any other man. Of coarse we can understand the attitude of the goody-goodies, because they are the individuals who interpret the language of the Bib!e literally. But why the mass of the public should cons'der it extraordinary when a publichouse-keeper does something quite ordinary £w an otdinary man, i« a puzzle * # * » A dreadful ftnte of affairs has come to light in Wangnratta. It appears that a nefarious sexton, either by incompetence, neglect, or design, has muddled up the plans and records of the local cemetery in a fearful f ishion. Children who have died have been buried alongside some nther family, defunct widows have been separated from their trans'ated husbands, a"d there has been a fearful mix. If the inhabitants of Borderland were as visible to us as to Mr Stead, that cemetery would show ns some hish old scenes at night. We would see the the ghost of a materfamilias forcibly ejecting the wraith of someone else's gathered olive branches from the premises next. her. and making frantic efforts to gather up the skull and bones for removal. This would be resented by the occupant, who would show his plot number and insist upon hi« rights, and there would be a regular battle of the ghosts. The confusion would never hav« been detected had not a recently made widower, whn remembered where his offspring were planted discovered that » different iooalitv altogether was indicated on the plan. H° objected to have hi» wife's remains planted at the spot indicated. The sexton maintained that that was the proper piece, and now there are ructions. » • * • * Some such muddle occurred at the closing of an old Dunedin (N.Z.I cemetery, wh*ch stood in the way of some civic improvements. The town Council let th» jo** of exhuming all the coffins by tender. The lunk-headed contractor who had the contract got the numbers of the plots from the cemetery records, and went to work. But he forgot to keen the coffins separate or to affix the number nf the plots or the name on the tombstones to them. He simply piled all the tombstones in one heap and all the sound coffins in another he'p. Some relative of an inmate of one coffin came to take the remains away to the new cemetery, and when he found there was no identificatory precaution he raised a fine storm His example was followed by scores of others, and the Council were jus' at their wits end for a solution of the unique difficulty when a genius hit upon a plan. This was for one big vault to be built, all the exhumed temains re-interred in it, and a gorgeous monolith to be erected on it, haying inscribed the names of all the remains that had been shifted. Many demurrers were raised to this, but as there wns no better plan proposed it waB put into eff ct, and the joint monument stands over the reclaimed cemetery to this day. * * * Speaking of exhumation reminds us that no satisfactory explanation has been given of the wonderful preservation of some corpses. Of course you know Byron's description of that magic beautifying change which comes over the features after death. the mild angelic air. The rapture of repose that's there The fixed yet tender traits that speak, The langour of that placid cheek. fne moment yes, one treacherous hour, He still might doubt the tyrant power. Byron limits this wonderful change to an hour, but we have experience that this aspect bas lasted for years. When the Grey Biver washed into the south tonk at Camptown good old Father Boland going past one day noticed the end of some coffins sticking out of the gravelly bank So he had them removed to safer ground. The coffins were mode of thick red pine slabs, and many of them being ill made, contained nothing but a strewing of brown colored litter bas - relieving the skeletons. One coffin,'however, containing the body of a handsome Scotswoman who had died some six ye«rs previously was better made, the impinging e-3ge» of tbe wood had been properly joined, and perhaps were airtight. On being opened it disclosed the bidy of tbe occupant in as good a state of preservation as as if the burial bad taken place half an hour previously. The face was fu'l, calm, and wax-like, the eyes had been closed and showed the lids but slightlv depressed. The nose and mouth were life-like and the inly visible hand crossed on the breast, clasped a braid of the long, but no loneer Tlossy hair. The presentation was so startling that those whose curiosity had tempted th~m to peep, hastily res'ore^ the lid, but even before t.hey couid affix this the whole cintourof the figure began to sink, showing that the work of decay had only been arrpsted i" the solitude of tfie grave. But the glimpse was enough to prove that, under certain conditions preservation is nossinle, and what those conditions are we should like to have stated. •t * * We have fonnd out the reason why Sargood, Butler and Ni^holls' warehouse got burned down the other day. Some - six months or so ago when the firm o ^ened a new stock of goods and a new annexe of their premises they made a great splother. They invited Governor Bracey and his .crowd" down, had a champagne lunch among the drapery, and generally gushed and bragged and showed off tremendously. The Governor said he had no idea such a wealth of mer- - chandise could be gathered under one roof in Melbourne. This was banal. The hard practicality of buying and selling has nothing in common with vice-regal high falutin, and Eate seemed to determine this principle. Hence the fire ^ They are wrangling in the Perth papers as to who first discovered gold in the Eastern goldfields. The claims of Victorians are pooh-poohed, and those of West Australians are made good A Mr K. Greaves writes :— ' It was the West Australians that caused the first disovery of gold in the Yilgarn district. A syndicate was formed in 1887 of West Australians, Messrs Leeke and Harper, B. B. Burnside, Dr Scott, Messrs Wright, Paterson, William Laurance, and - Walter Laurance finding the money to send three men out prospecting in that year, and this party discovered tbe first gold on the Yilgarn Ranges, not quite out to Coolgarriie, but 75 miles this side of it, and 40 miles north of Southern Cross.' We are glad to hear this, for we had a-< idea that the early denizens of this country earned a living 'crabbing* in the Swan, and that their persistence in this pleasant occupation earned tbem their characteristic title—'Sandgroper.' We knew that there was a settled industry in Sharks Bay, .that of hunting for tbe buried treasure that was supposed to have been cast away there in some Dutch galieotts a century or more ago, but as the ancient Sharks Bay savages used to vary their treasure bunting by wild orgies on mussels, helped by an occasional wreck, and were rather looked down upon by the full-blooded sandgroper, we did not allow them much consideration. That the West Australian had some idea of blasting a living out of mother earth elevates them considerably in our estimation. The legends current in Fremantle are that they confined their attention to exploiting the Home Government by the medium of the convict system. These will, after Mr Greave's disclosures, have to be ranked as back numbers. * « » * Of course we know that Coolgsrdie is a microcosm in the widest sense and that for health, wealth or happiness, a human being need not stir out of it. But we must admit that those who do go away from it come back as big as bullocks and as happy as Larry. Our inspected Mayor is an apt illustration of our comment, but., perhaps, bis intimate relations with '/Mr Arthur' may have had not a little influence on his patent physical betterment. n » * * The death in London of Victor ('aiandini has revived interest in one of the most, interesting families of Australia. A6 usual, more than ore-half of the references to the members of the family are wrong. It may be right as stated that the just deceased Victor was Madame's only son, but Christie Palmer- 6ton, who shuffled off quite lately while tiger huntin? in Borneo, maintained all the time he was in North Queensland that he was a Carandini, and the son of the amiable old Madame, whom Australian audiences -of twenty years ago aU loved Amongst other offspring of Madame a Lady Cottrell is name!. Now, we knew a Mr Cottrell who married a Miss Carandini, but we never heard of his being knighted. Under the most-traveiled Smvthe's direction Mr and Mrs Cottrell used to give the best dual entertainment that A ustralasia ever bad presented to it. Cottrell's sketches of ' Villikins and his Dineh,' ' The Bargee's Widow,' and ' Prince Imensikoff' have never been approached by any other entertainer. Mrs Cottrell used to diversify the entertainment by splendidly-rendered ballads and pianoforte solos. Alas, there are no such entertainments offering nowadays. * * • • The longest tunnel in the world is reaching completion under Pike's Peak, Colorado. It is this tunnel that a dissatisfied shareholder wanted to have shifted near some big town on the route. He argued at a meeting where a large sum had been passed for tunnelling expenses that the only way the shareholders wou'd get their money back would be to shift this tunnel near a town and run lovers' trains through it. He had found from personal experience that tunnels were the heaven-sent device for young people to taste each other's muss in the dark, and if his advice was acted upon, and the lovers' trains capably advertised, a large revenue would accrue. As it stood, he said, the thing would never pay for the fuel burned steaming through it. Th?re were no stations in it, no scenery, no nothing that would attract passengers or goods, and so be begged leave to move a motion as above. » » * * A paragraph in a respectable English journal states that there are now selling in Birmingham in thousands German revolv«rs, with breach-loading action, and complete in every detail, a'- the insignificant price of Is 6d. ^e publish this item of newB so that those peeple who have just armed them<elves during the recent burglar scare may see what they could have saved by sending Is 6d and postage money home to Birmingham. These trade revelations are peculiar. You come across dealers who calmly tell you that the piano you have just paid £100 for could be bought for £25 from the maker. Lately Sydney ' Bulletin" had several articles showing that the £14 sewing machine only cost £2 8s landed. And still more lately we have been assured that the £25 bicycle iB raised from its prime cost of £5 by patent royalties. What is the truth of these statements, we wonder ? Whatever the increment, it is certain the ultimate purchaser pays plenty for either of these three luxuries. Commercialism covers some increases. Not long ago, we were comparing notes on the ramifications of trade with a Semitic jewellery peddler. We accused him of maliing extravagant profits. He denied the soft' impeachment, and pleadea that he only made the ordinary jewellery profit, viz., a hundred per cent We had just bought from him a plain London marked silver watch for £4 10s. ' At that rate, then,' said we, * you only gave £2 5s for this watch ?' ' Yes,' he replied, 4 or a little less, that is with duty added.' • And did you buy it from the factory?' 'No. I got them from a wholesaler in Melbourne.' ' Would he make a hundred per cent.?' 'At least.' ' And would he have bought them from the maker V ' No. Most likely from an indenter in. London, who would get them from a wholesaler there, who would get them from the factory. The factory would not be the makers,' but the fitters, getting the movements from one house and tbe cases from another.' We stopped him the'e. We had started in the idea of getting at what the poor devil got who made the watch, but it can be judged from the above that without a' strong microscope and a knowledge of tbe seventh pieces in decimals this were practically impossible. But we vowed that so long as that ninety-bob watch ticked in our pocket we would say to'hing about ithe sin of encouraging' sweating.' • * » • » The chief topic of conversation last week was the probability of war in China. Someone started the rumor that war had beendeclared, and though this was re-echoed by a few hundreds, nobody hazarded any Opinion as to what countries had started transplanting their lead and iron, or what they had made the immediate cause of war. It looks dreadfully dangerous to bear of witless William Eooling up his Admiral brother with bellicose vapouriogs at Kiel, and to hear also of the despatch of some of the floating arsenals which usually anchor within bight of the coa6t of Europe. But what exactly are tbey going to fight about ? Russia and England certainly won't 6gnt about which country shall subscribe that twelve million loan, and each nation seems to be able to take whatever port they want without let or hindrance. Certainly Sir Micky Beach talked war the other day, but that is the usual Conservative patter and means— nothing. The Chinese won't war with any nation comiDg within her borders. She is only too glad to see 'em there. They won't eat rice and rats, pud all the higher grade provender will have to be pa>d for, whereat the soul of John will rejoice and his coffers will be fattened. If war does come it will ,be by reason of some jackanapes of a naval lieutenant or may be an admiral falling foul of some" other nation's drunken gang of sailors on leave, * * * » By Jove! though, ii war should come we would stand a chance of smelling powder. Any foreign nation that ran short of supplies in the East in tbe very improbable event of the issue being fought there, might be attracted by the succulexellence of our beef and the farinaceousness of our flour to swoop down upon an eastern town for supplies. It would be • no use coming to Westralia because they could not eat ^unce ore or jarrah timber, but they could tackle Adelaide, Sydney, or Townsville. Melbourne would be protected by its situation, as also would Brisbane and Hockhampton. But the Ewoop wonld not be into, clear waters. We have not a great fleet but the-e are some 17 ships aggregating 100 guns, and as it would be impossible to approach our coast without warning (the Barrier Beef polices over a thousand miles of it) we should not go down with our guns unfired. The forts we place no reliance on. They are mere danger signal stations. But our fleet may be depended upon, and our patriotism should be sufficient to defend us from any small force. » *. * * That is, of course, if we have goti the muskets and powder. We have no army, nor do we want one, The systems of defence we have adopted have been quite sufficient to conserve to the various provinces a few trained officers with a knowledge of drill and an awkward squad or so as example. Our pluck, patriotism, activity, and marks- manship are, we hope, latent within us, and would, like the American colonists, be developed in the face of a national emergency, But we should have arms and ammunition to use, or arsenals and manufactoiies to turn them out. There should be a gun, a good, reliable, unbustable weapon, guaranteed to fire at one end only,, to put into the hands of every adult male in the province, and also into the hands of every woman who has an itching to wear the brtekB. Then * we » should be » safe. * H The latest papers show that tbe inevitable has happened, and that the English cricketers are beginning to explain their defeats. At least t hey explained their defeat in the second test match in Melbourne. These were ronghly the cracks in the pitch We do not mean to say that MacLaren pitched his voice too high, and so cracked it ; or that Banji cracked a pitch in relating how he should not have got out. We refer to the cracks in the cricket pitch which developed there before the Englishmen started to bat, and grew in width and dangerous gape until little stodgy Felix confessed you could place your little finger in them. We shall pass over the question of explaining a defeat, but we cannot help wondering liow it Is in a game where such a parade of fairness is made, the castiron cricket rules are not varied so as to give absolute fairness The pitch in the second test match wore badly, putting the second side to bat at a serious disadvantage with the first. Why could it, not be arranged that another pitch could be used ? Of course we know the cricket arguments in I response, but if absolute fairness of condition^ could be attained by this simple variation, why not make it. On this subject there is much to say. For instance, with the aid oE a removable cover, and some well-planned subsoil drains, it would be possible to make any cricket pitch impervious to wet weather. It is practically possible to protect cricket pitches from the rain which falls from above, and from the water which would eo&k; through below— np to the time of play starting. This has been known to all modern cricketers, but such aids are looked upon by those who live on tradition as specious, or at the best as adventitiously unsportsmanlike. We know that the bold theory we print below will cause a raging storm in the geologists' ranks, but we dare this to give voice to an original mind. The treatise we take the following extiact from is part of a work by a resident on the mineralogy of Australia. As our space forbids the publication of the whole, we give an extract whereby it may be judged :— Now if we were to examine the rocks, and formations, of Australia, with their eminence mountains i a the Eastern colonys, some rock beds of which formerly lay horozontal, since thrown on their edges nearly vertical; also where Bassalt Dykes have passed up through over 4000. feet of known horrozontal rocks, containing coal measures, the ernence heat of the Bassalt made natural coke of the coal on each side of those Dykes. This ought to be sufficient to prove the Geologost assertion correct that at 30 miles below the surface of the earth it is hotter th&j; would melt the hardest steel on earth, this is ce&rtainly; the Bassalt or the Diorite ; the question is where was the minerels, the answer is with the sulpher, between the molding hot macs and the cooler portion the granite, there in solution with the Silica (or Sand) desolved by Sulphuric assid and cloride of Lime, and ready to burst forth at any moment. Now we come to the Cooigardie goldfields, &c.;, We crib the following from the ' Broad Arrow Standard':—During the blinding dust storm that raged and made everyone angry and ill-tempered on Monday "evening, a Semitic youth started out to get a cheque changed into something more solid. He did not have too tight a hold on the cheque (this is rather a tough nut for the ordinary Christian to tackle), and the wind catching hold of it blew it wheresoever it listed. The youngster started to chaBe it and promptly fell over, and for his pains was covered in dust and dirt, and generally had a mighty disreputable appearance. Of course all hope of ever seeing the cheque was abandoned. It was. anyway, found yesterday morning caught in a tree a good three-quarters of a mile from where it was lost, and returned to its rightful owner. This is the sort of luck that always attends the chosen. » « . * * The other day a strange mysterious feeling stole over us. We had been reading ' Stead's Borderland,' and forgetful of the fact that we had suppered off curried crayfish, we thought that at last the spirits had deigned to notice, us. and were anxious to commune with us in that sweet sympathy which, according to Stead and Co, is so superior to anything mundane. So wethought we would begin at the beginning and find how we should fit ourselves for a due entertainment of the spirits when they happened along. First we examined the authorities to find out how to detect this spirit business, and this is what we got from the most reliable text-book on the subject we could get. (KPIBIT EVOLUTION.) According to the nebular hypothesis, the entire creation was once a measureless chaos —confusion, conflict, collisions, explosions, making a universal hell of matter. But the discords and perturbations grew ever less and less, regularity and order more and more, as suns, and planets, and moons took form and wheeled in their gleaming circles, till now the mazy web of worlds is weaving throughnut space the perfect harmony of the Creative design. The evolution of incarnate spiritual destinies began later, and is more complex than the material, each mind being as complicate! as the whole galaxy. May we not trust that at last it shall be as complete as the evolution of the astronomic motions already is, and a divine empire of holy and happy men be the goal of history ? This hope carries the cross through hell, and leaves nothing unredeemed. A certain amateur theatric, whose very recent appearance on the, boards, was marked by an overwhelming ' stage fright,' explained the cause of the trouble rather neatly to a few cronies over a glass subsequent to the -performance. 'It was all due,'he said,'to my proneness to mal de mer,' ' How so!' inquired one of bis friendB. 'Why, when I stepped on the stage I could see nothing but a sea of faces, and then my head swam—aid there I was 1' Talking of water reminds us of an incident which occurred to a certain w$ll- known Catholic priest, of the early. days of these fields. On a northern tour one time he struck the isolated homestead of one of his flock and asked for a bucket of water for his horse. Now, this particular sheep had to cart his water six miles, and at the time of His Reverence's visit, only bad one bucket of water in the place. Father demanded that this be handed over to the suffering equine. But Patrick wasn't taking any, ' But you must let me have it,' expostulated the man of the cloth.' ' You forget,, sir, that I am Father 'Oiforgit notbin'barring that tbat is the only drap av wather Oi've got in the place, an' ye're not goin' to git that,—no, not if ye were Father Peter himself!' And neither he did. But the incident was not propitious —for Pat. Some months later he expressed his contrition to a pympathising traveller 4 The baste died,' said he, 4 and, from the luck av «pe. ye'd think I'd been hanging to the devil's tail ever since. Bedad, sonny, never ye refuse a drink to the dying horse or a praste whether ye've got it or not, or ve'l! be wantin' a drink yetself mighty badly in the swate by-and-by.' • The Stipendiary is out in a new role, viz, that of critic of the by-laws. Yesterday he complained that there was a great deal of class legislation against the Afghan. We will not enlarge upon the dispenser of the law criticising the law. as tbat is outre enough in itself, but granting the truth nf Mr Finnerty's statement we ask what of it? The Afghans' classify themselves, and very obnoxiously to Europeans. Ttyeir habits are cot ours, they live insanitarily, they live on a womanless plan, they preserve their class habits in direct contravention to ours, whom they b'ast a living out of, and, by jingo, if this do not make them fit subjects for class legislation, what the dickens would. The Afghan regards not the European, he despises him as something unclean and only to be exploited as a payer of money, a rich barbarian, but not as a man and a brother. If it was otherwise he would not offend the European ia the thousand and one ways he now does. So Ion? as the swarthyskinned Patban observes that attitude, so long will it be right, just, and proper for him to be made the object of special legislation. Were we as hilarious as Capricornicus we would be sobered by the news we print elsewhere of Hubert Mangrove's death. Those who knew him in private life can testify to the ease of manner and conversational agrees bility which characterised him. While those who have bad the pleasure of hearing him play know that one of the magicians of the strings has been translate*.. His playing was artistic in the highest sense, his technique was so beautifully perfect that the mechanism of strings and bow never obtruded itself, while hip interpretation of light flying passage? was the acme of dainty grace. That we shall never hear him draw the passion from his violin again is sufficient to cause|a pane to everyonejwho has heard him. We sometimes fancy that there must be I a stronger infusion of Scotch blood in the general populace than is shown by the names. For the seriousness with which harmless pleasantries are sometimes received, and the total absence of discriminating analysis brought to bearon them is terribly Caledonian. We indulged in a little pleasantry lately at the "expense of some official who was stationmaster at Albany some years back in regard to the despatch of mailless trains. In the same strain we explained the erratic despatch of trains as probably being a soppet by the Government to the Albany hotelkeepers. It appears that this has been taken seriously by some of the sedate Southerners, who are fearfully perturbated in consequence. The joke is too good to spoil by explaining it to these sobersides, and we would not give the public a look in on the development were it not that some point of the original pleasantry is supposed to be pointed against that excel- lent stationmaster, Mr Heathersay. Anyone who knows this gentleman needs not be +old of his splendid official qualities. Those who do not may be assured that Mr H. was not in our mind's eye when we penned the note, and had not at the time charge of the station. The stationmasters of our Railway Department are generally the personality of readiness to oblige, and when we say it is within oar own knowledge that Mr Heathersay is one of the best our appreciation of him needs no further elaboration. 