HANNAH PURYES' FIRST hW ONLY LOVE. BY NELLIE BliOWX. * The hill ruad was very lotic-iy. It stretched, white as chalk. bciwe.:n tiie unfenctd moorland for miles, broken here and there by a rough group of whins, or diving- into a belt of sirs, pet as close as bristles in a brush, and affording 110 glimpse of i-rcii the noonday sun to tie* scantily-mossed ground underneath. The great hare hills of the Lammermoors succeeded each other, with the same swell of green heather, coarse grass, and black whins as far as the eye could reach. Hannah Purves came to her door ta shake the cover of the dresser. She was tidying the best room—she did not weary of dusting it over and over—it was occupation. She was a rather plain woman, and sallow, and iier hair dressed in an old-fashioned way added five apparent years to her ago. Being at the door, she stood and look- ed. The pee-wits shrilled and wheeled on the slope to the left, by the roadsideto the right the sheep' wore aimlessly congregating and separating. The deep sunlight brooded over everything, Far down on the road a speck moved and crawled. Hannah watched it for a few moments, and went back into til- chouse. After the glare of the sunlight, the room wa sahnost dark, for the window "was crowded with geraniums, and their broad leaves turned edgeways to the light, blocked the panes, and all their big trusses of blossom, scarlet, pink .and white, leaned in the same direction, hungry for the sunlight. Slitspread the white cloth on the polished bureau, and began to replace the ornaments, which sirs had set on the centre table—the white china dogs, the old silver lustre teapot without lid, the red hen with a slit 111 her back for pennies. She wiped each mechanically, slowly, and put it methodically into tlia place it had occupied. There was a faint cry from the next room, followed by a few feeble knocks with a stick. Hannah hastily set down the red hen, and went through to the kitchen. Kverything in the kitchen was also spotlessly clean, but there was an atmosphere of suffocating heat, and a sickly smell front the pot of pig's meat boiling on the fire. An old woman, in a clean, stifilystarched white cap, sat in a chair at the side of the fire. She was helpless with age, and crippled from the conssqucnces of a paralytic shock; her face, wrinkled and drawn, but still alert, seemed the only thing living about hei. In one of her big, weak-knotted hands she held an oaken stick, with which she rattled on the floor to attract Hannah's attention. "What o'clock is't, Hannah?" she asked, querulously. "Just aboot three." answered Hanroc nah. "Are ye no through wi' that m yet?" "Yes, I'm dune." She lifted the heavy pot, and set it to one side. "Are ye weary in' on ye're tea, granny? I'll hing on the kettle—it'll be boilin' sune." "I dinna ken what I'm wearyin' on," raid the old woman, in the thin, vaguely fretful tones of age. "D'ye cee nae- Ihing o' your brother?" "He canna be hame yet," said Hannah. "If he no sets spree'd again," said the grandmother. "There's nae use meetin* sorrow halfway," said Hannah, quietly. She lifted lier stocking, and began to knit. The kitten emerged from below the table, humped its back, and made a clutch at the wool. There was a rap at the door. "Dinna open it, Harnali; it's some seekin' body, and we're two lone weemin," said her grandmother. "I'll see whae it is," said Hannah. She peered out of the window, keeping carefully behind the curtain. Then she fell back a step, white as a ghost. "The minister?" hazarded Airs Purves. "Wait a nieenit; it's a man I ken," said Hannah. She breathed hard, and looked strangely scared. But as the rap was repeated she went to the door, and opened it. "Weel. here am I," said tiie perspiring man on the threshold. "I relied ye I was com in' to see ye—some day." "Ye've ta'en your time," said Hannah, a little drily. "That's five year since." i "No that, surely. Hold on, I want to speak to ye—" "But come in and sit doon." said Han- ' nah, relenting. "This is my granny. Granny, this is Mr Glennie—I dinna ken if I ever spoke to ye about him—we got acquent when I was in service." Mrs Purves eyed him suspiciously with her vivid dark glance, as he stepped in sweltering and wiping his forehead, with mingled embarrassment and heat. "I was through this way," he saiid apologetically. " I thought Hannah— Jhliss Purves—would excuse me glen' her a. cry in. I hope ye're weel, mem." This with an evident desire to propitiate. "Just meddlin',"' said the old woman. "We've a right to be thanlcfu*—but I'm awfu* frail." "And lioo are ye a'?" asked Hannah, with a faint monitory emphasis on the last word. She had remained standing, and preserved a cold severity of mien. The stranger suddenly turned purple. . "She's been ta'en awa," lie said. "I nedna' make nae secrets frne you. It was the drink did it Woman, ye dinna ken what a life I hae had. . . There's a little ane tae. . . A cripple, puir taed. . . It's mither let it fa, when she wasna' right. . . I hae ha'en an awfu' life . . . an awfu' life." "Ye noedna speak against her now. onyway," said Hannah, in the same grim monotone. , "Han null. ye might gie the man a drink o" milk," interrupted the old woman, who, only half-hearing the words, and not at full comprehending them, yet took pity on his heated look. "Dinn.t fash," urged Alec G-lennie. "Ol), I wasna thinking," said Hannah. She went into the back recesses of the house and returned with a- glass of creaming milk on a tray. "It's rale kind, but I wasna' heedin"." said Ob nnie. as he took the tumbler. "It'll i:il;c tlie'stoor oot o" yvur throat," said Mrs Purves. "I think ru be gaun." said the'visitor. "Will ye speak a meenit. Hanrinh?" he added in a lower key. while he shook hands with the invalid. "I dinna think it s-rV," said Hannah, but she went with him to th- duor. "Ye ken what it means — me covnin" here," he said, anxiously .-jcannini; in.;- pale, set face. "I hae some notion." "Will J--—will ye look ->wre "t?—I k- n I no used ye weel—will > • marry m..- J now?" "No." said H.-innah. cleaiiy but decidedly. "I couidna make np my mind to far.;-J ye again: hut I put on the resolution. I can gie ye ;> hann.—ye't.-d be. guid to the j helpless wet- crater—:«nd i aye like ye. j Hannah, though I was inf.-Uuate " j "There's nae use gaun buck .auld stories." said Hannah. "1 iuu a helpless enough ernt'.-r to look ai'u i lu re. I'm muckle obh-^ged to ye." •She closed the door, .crn-I ho stood stupidly staring at il:-* handle in humiliation and anger iV-v a v.* moments. The pee-wits sor- .im-d urn! wh^-k-.i: the* vast silence the r.vx.r- 1 Hid mocked th«-m. For a -n»«»n.' nth-- iiicdiiateU. on knocking again —:Iu-.u he turned anu heavily descended the r-'ii/i. "What was he? v. bat was lie i:\Ui' V demanded Slt-s Purves. insistently. "i used io kmi him," s:'-id Hannah. Hut :i t<-ar sc.-iMed her eyes. In li-.-r priib.- raid wrath she b.a I shut the d«<<r on the one love of her life. It was some six months l.tl-r. Mark Purves came in with a quick step at unexpected time, and his sister, who way standing ».t the table straining her "y.-s over a sheet of paper, hastily put ii away, and replaced the ink bottle in the corner of the press w-ith a confused air, which her brother was too much occupied to notice. Hannah wore ;< Wa.-k by the fire wjs ••nipty. "I brought up the paper frae Duns." ' said Mark, tossing it on the table. "The, notice is a' right. ;»ut I had to pay shilling for the deeply regretted." "I'll see it the n«>u when I light the lump," said Hannah. "Kan, what d'ye think o' me gettin" married?" asked Mark, abruptly. "Was ye thinkiu' o't?" said H.-.nnah. letting her paper spill burn her finger in her amazement, not unmixed with f dismay. Mark nodded. "Whae on?" # "Liza Colvin owro at Farncy Mill." "Is't settled?" "Lang syne. Only, yc- ken, she no cared a boot eomin' in to bather wj" her." "I think that's gey hertless o' ye, Ifark," said Hannah, stung into plain speech. "Baith o* ye—just waicin' or she was away. Ye might hae tei'.ed me onyway." "Ther was nae use niakin' ye mad." said Mark, coolly. "And ye needna be mad, yet; it makes nae odds." "And what aboot me?" asked Haiinah, directly. Her brother's selfish eyes fell. '"Oh, weel." he said, uneasily. •• ye'll no likely be wantin' to bide. Ye'll can get a place, easy enough; it's nae advantage to ye bidin* here." "It's a fine way to treat a body," said Hannah, bitterly. "Ye've just made a tool o' me, Mark-—I gied up a guid place, and guid chances, to cornt here, and I've gotten a' my thanks in ae day." "Ye can bide for the term if ye like." said Mark, sullenly and shajnefacedly. "I'll speak to Liza." "Ye needna. This is a' her gii-up. But ve needna concern yersel aboot me. I ken what I'll dae—and maybe T'H no seek a place either." She thought with secret exultation of the half -written letter in her apron pocket. "Oh. weel, if ye dae yersel' a guid turn it'll no hurt me," said Mark, and loung- ed out of the house. Hannah took out her letter and looked at it. Alas, she had huddled it by in haste, undried, and it was all blurred and blotted. "I'll write the morn when Mark's oot the road," she decided, and took up the paper. "Puir granny," she" thought, "little ye dreamed that sly Lizzie was ready to step into j our shoon." She looked at the column which records the commencement, the crisis, the close of eventful and uneventful lives. And her heart seemed to stop beating as she read among the marriages: "At Edinburgh, by the Rev. Ninian Dinwoodie, Alexander Glennie. to Mary Landells, eldest daughter of the late Walter Keith." She laid the paper down quietly, a no sat collecting her stunned thoughts. She remembered the baker's eldest daughter well—a large, slow woman, with a rather gentle aspect, who since her father's death had attempted a little dressmaking with very doubtful success. "He needit a hoosekeeper; and she needit a liame," she said, half aloud. "I see. And it's my ain blame if it wasna me." She had no resentment: only a dull sense of prospectless rregret. She took out her blotted letter again—a letter to Alec—and her pride gave her a momentary flash of gladness that she had not sent it. There it was, blurred and incomplete—like life. She put it into the fire, and it flared— then the red sparks ran on the black tinder—there was an end of her romance —and she turned a heavy heart to the column headed, "Wanted, Domestic Ser- vants."— "Illustrated Edinburgh News.' 