NOTES ON EVENTS. The events of the past few weeks muBt suggest to outsiders who read the telegraphed accounts in their newspapers a condition of things and a state of life more resembling that related by Bret Harte and Mark Twain and their inimitable stories of pioneering in the early days of California than the civilization of the end of tbe century. Scarcely had the season of peace and goodwill to men on earth commenced than pf section of the community appeared to be seized by a deBire to put up a record in .friminality.. Early in the evening in lull vieAt of passers by and in the broad glare of the electric light a man was shot and seriously though not fatally wounded. A few nights later a policeman was shot at in the maiu street of the city and an attempt was made the same evening to make a ghost of a citizen. Within a day or two a publican detecting a man in the act of looting his till, was straightened out and seriously injured by collision >witli a bottle thrown with practised aim by a companion of the sneak thief. Later an Afghan was murdered in his camp, and an attempt was made to garrot a citizen in the vicinity of the Grand. Hotel. Passing from the list of attempted murders and tragedy, and coming down to milder criminality, the .records show considerble thieving, attempted burglary, liberal sly grog selling, numerous convictions for this Utter offence', and a considerable benefiting of the revenue as a consequence of fines imposed snd profits arising from the sales of conficated liquors. The present week presented amongst its list of offences, a very serious charge against two well-known citizens, indicted for conspiracy to defraud an individual by destroying a valuable document conveying to hitna certain property. Thie was perhaps tbe strangest case ever brought into tbe police court. On the first day of hearing tbe accused were generally regarded as knowing more of the matter than their counsel seemed prepared to admit they did and betting was freely indulged in as to the consequences of the hearing. And the odds were rather Against an acquittal than in favor of a conviction. The partieB themselves were however confident and on tbe second day their confidence was proved to be fully justified by the non appearance of the prosecutor and their triumphant acquittal. This case presents some strange features. Conspiracy is a crime second only in its direful effects to murder, lien who would conspire for one purpose would not hesitate to conspire for any other and neither the lives, reputations, nor property of citizens would be safe. Out of conspiracy have arisen convictions of men afterwards proved to be innocent of grave crimes for which they have spent years in gaol and passed' in deepaiiingbitt^rnesstbe brightest years of their liv^-fe. The law regards this as one of thf) most serious crimes in the calendar find is this colony at least provides the.mininium penalty of five years' imprisonment. The making of a charge of conspiracy is as grave an offence as the crime itself, for the man who would, without sufficient warrant, bring suchan accusation against reputable men would probably not hesitate at the' commission of a capital offence. By his absence from the court on the day of trial the plain- . tiff Harford admitted that the charge he had made against Meters Lipman, Vincent, and Scoit was absolutely groundless, and he had bo foundation whatever for the charge which he had made. The accused were put to all tbe expense and annoyance, and at least temporary loss of prestige consequent on the defence of a charge of which they were innocent, This follows a matter of course. Tbe absence of the accuser plainly indicated that his accusation was unfounded and the charge had been' brought for purposes which will suggest themselves to the least guileful of the community. It may with reason be asked whether a man, making such a charge and at the last moment practically withdrawing it and admitting by his non-appearance that it was baseless, cannot be reached by the long arm of the law, and made to suffer punishment equal to the enormity of his offence. Such a man is a deadly menace to the safety of the citizens. He employs hiB brains, or what does duty for brains, in scheming'bow he may best defraud his fellows. In his wicked mind at length a plan by which he may blackmail men of repute, develops. He works out the detail of the scheme and with the links in his chain of false evidence completed, presents himself to the parties and demands the price of his silence. Surely, such a man has no place in a law-abiding and, at least, tolerably honest community, aud there should be, if there is not, a provision in the law by which he may be reached, and made to suffer a a just punishment for his misdoing. With this charge, the New Year list of crimes and malefactions ends. As we have said before, friends in the East and the Older World reading doubtless exaggerated reports, of the occurrences in their frequence will regard our city as a veritable Alsuia, and the home of a happily assorted crowd-of toughs and desperadoes of the very hardest kind, which will be an utter mistake. Except on occasions when what appears to be an epidemic of crime develop', and a heat wave of immorality passes over tbe community, leavin? us, its consequence, a list of offences of the gravest kind, we are an essentially' law-abiding, truth loving,. cleanly living, and fairly decent population. The raining expert no longer booms wild cats to the spoiling of the people outside our coast line. He, who formerly dressed in purple and fine linen and fed himself on the tat of tbe land, with champagne as his morning beverage, champagne at his midday meal,' champagne with his dinner, and champagne as his sweet solace aud comfort at bedtime, now prowls abjut tbe streets of the city in a costume composed largely of patches; eats where he can, and what he can get, and is thankful to tbe Gods if once a day he receives an invitation to breast the bar and moisten bis arid throat with the contents of an ordinary pewter. The snare sharp is very much less hi evidence than he was a year ago. He, too, is less assertive than he was in thosa golden days. His occupation is largely gone, and it is not too much to say, in ve y many cases, the departure of, the Broker 1 and Share Shover has been a distinct gain to the community, and calculate*! to elevate its moral tone con-iderably. The sirange woman and the stranger man who fattens upon her are also ies* in evidence than of yore. The morals of the community are probably more lax than in the older settlements of the East. Profanity interlards the speech of every citizen, with the exception, perhaps, of the clergy, and there is more profane and vigorous eloquence in the emphatic "Oh Dear" of the Shepherd than in tbe " Ob Damn" of one of the unregenerate of his flock ; but, with few exceptions, the communitv is reputable and the people,' manly, womanly and sympathetic with each other. Here, at least, no man need starve. None sick or distressed need fear for lack of assistance. No actual want ex sts and the unemployed " as an institution has yet to establish himself on tbe field. We are not without our nuisance. We have the heat and dust, and miseries of this veritable (City of the Plains, whose territory is as 'much in the air aB it is on earth four days a week. This in itself is calculated to provoke profanity if nothing worse. It drives men to drink and women to wrath and causes mucb of the cursine and lamentation which otherwise wou d be absent; added to thiB, it is on days when even the righteous man doubts if Hell is as far away as bondon, that the iceworks break down and none of the cooling medium is obtainable tor love or money. Everything drinkable is warm; everything eatable is gritty; everything smokable is dry, and tbe citizen alone is moist. The clothes pling to him in a soak of perspiration. Tbe sand, a fine impalpable powder, finds its way through or beneath his garments and leaves him a perambulating mud-heap until the cool shades ot night change the mud on his sein to dust again, and he shakes it off with the discarding of his appar-d. Another nuisance, and one which should be suppressed by Actof Parliament or bylaw of the Municipal Council, is the bicycling fiend, who whizzes round street corners at an unknown tiunfber of miles an bour, and whose chief delight seems to he to ride so closely to pedestrians that tbe handle-bars of his machine just graze his clothing. These "scorchers," as they are termed, provoke nervous and excitable men and women into the committal of serious offences, since tbe desire to commit a crime is. we are informed on good authority, equivalent to its commission. The wiBh that these flying men on wheels were to fall of or to run into a cart, or be flattened out by a falling telegraph post, or otherwise injured, and permanently damaged, is expressed at least a score of times a day in this town alone. If they have bells, they do not ring them, in fact their delight appears to be to steal softly upon the unwaiy pedeBtrian, and scare him or her out of his senses, and the man on the road has no remedy. By the time tie has decided upon what he would like to h ive done, the nuisance is speeding away like a telegram in the distance, and with his head bowed down, over the handles of the machine, is rapidly gaining on another victim. Doubtless when a city councillor-or a policeman is struck amidships by the wheel of a sc >tcher, who has miscalculated bis distance, an Act will be introduced compelling cyclists to carry a bell by day and a lamp by night, the former to be rung by way of warning to citizens who are content to move on the twa legs which God has given them, and still regal d life as sufficiently long to enable them to get through what they have to do at a walking pace. Judging by tbe spee.1 at which business is transacted in Coolgardie some of our' people will have to carry a lot of their work into. tbe ledger of eternity, for life will be altogether too short to permit of their performing their allotted task. And it is quite on the cards that the day is approaching when in our hurry and bustle we may put up a record equal to that lately established by an American who was seen rushing down the street, cutting 'his throat with a razor as he ran. He had not time even to sit down t > commit suicide The BAYLEy Memobiax.—Mr E. S u m - merhayes, of 'Messrs Summerhayes and Ford, local architects, is preparing a design for the bookcase with which ,it is proposed to present the Mechanics' Institute as a memorial of Mr Arthur Baylev, the di6fcoverer of Coolgardie. The amount which it is intended to spend on the memorial should make it a very handsome addition to the library, anil the Mechanics Institute committee propose to extend the 1 reading room to allow' of the inclusion of the bookcase, and also to add to the convenience of subscribers, who are somewhat cramped up at present. An 'auiount .of from £70 to £80 is to be expended from the memorial fund in the purchase of literature wherewith to furnish the bookcase. ' A Lesson in Politeness. — They are nothing if not polite at Menziea. '• An advertisement published in the Daily News reuds as follows:—" If the person or persons who took loan of ladder from Warden Chambers would kindly return same, the owner would be eratelul." Bucb a pathetic appeal should at once have tbe desired result. It is refreshing to know that in this world there is one individial who, even in tbe most trying situations, never forgets the politeness which was donbiless instilled in early youth. His example is to be commended If it were more generally followed, we should soon see advertisements like thiB :—" William Sykes, Esq. My dear sir,—When you recently honored my humble domicile with your presence, and were kind enough to take away a few souvenirs, which, ovnng to my absence, 1 was unable to personally press upon your : acceptance, you inadvertent ly, I am jure included a le'ter from my beloved Maria,-now gone to rest, which I value very much. I am sorry to trouble you about so insignificant a matter, but if you would have the kindness to return the letter,postage to be 1 paid on delivery, 1 should be for ever grateful. 1 am, your most obedient, hucubls servant. X.Y.5S." 