READY TO PERISil. Clarence lanefleld estood under the alear autumn moonlight in a secluded spot ii Hyde n Park, a homeless, hopeless, strickes man. lle vahitled with derpair too doee ? orw'rivoids, and "the mose bitter thought is hies heart was that he had been brought tc thise terrible panss by his own mad folly. The quliet stars shone above him I and the nigh, winds sighed mournfully through the tremi and amid the long graum an the despairing man moved slowly along, and then suntll upon a seaut with a groan. A sound utruc? his ear-tine hour called aloud by man) clocks. He mechanically drew from hit wookeb a handsome gold watch, and by the uncertain light regarded its face. As he re placed tihe watch in his pocketa bitter smilh crossed hi palo face. " What matters tcli ioir ?" he said aloud. The man was in that lonely aplot with a fearful purpose-ho had conme there to die. Yes, in that solitar3 spot he intended to take tholife that had grown an intolerable burden, too heavy to be borne, a curse Instead of a blessing. 11i had come to this: lie, a man In the first bloom of manhood, ro longer wished to live. Disgraced by his own actions, he had ao courage to face the world he knew rather would lie leap unbidden Into eter nity, and brave the perils ie e kew not. Hi drew forth arevolver,and placed it uponthl seat beside him, lwheie it lay with a pas. sing ray of moonlight falling through elm. leaves, and glinting on its polished surface like the emiile of ai evil spirit, sinistor and deadly. " I am lost, body and soul," said the man. removing his hat slowly, with I wild thought of prayer flashing through his brain. He raised the pistol, and placed its cold muzzle against his burning brow. " Hold. What is this 1" The voice startled the suicide. He lowered tile weapon, and gazed at the spelaker in angry surprise. Tbe mian seeined to'have sprung rp from thepath-way on which he stood, so suddenly had he ap peared. V Who are you 1" asked MHansoeld haughtily. " Never mind me. Who are you and what are you doing t" " Why should I render an account of myaoll to you, r" asked Clarence defiantly. "1. am a desperate man," replied the other, calmly. " Like yourself, I'came here to put an end to an illspoent life. Now, before we die, let si- talk a little together. Moralise by the sweet, silver light of the noon. Why do you kill youreelf I I do it because I am,hauntoed by the everlasting shadow of past ill-doings, my dead past, as you may say. They talk of angels weeping over loot sincers ; well, they can weep over me if they have nothing better to do. I can't do any weeping myself. I once owned a mansion in yonder avenue. Now 1 stand under the stars without a ehilling in my pocket. I saved sixpence to buy poison, but it musl hlave slipped out through a hole in my pocket, and I found I had only a half. pIniy left. I knew it wire useless to buy any with that-a holf.pennyworth of poison could never make an and of a tough citizen like mo, so 1 walked up here. 1 live.that half-penny lefs. I'll give it to you for a loan of your revolver, for bad as roy credit is, I don't want to die in debt to you. I'm not naturally mean. I'll dlie firet." Manrfieeld looked at his new acquaintance In perfect astonishmnent. wlhat sort of man was this to die with a jest, albeit a bitter one, upon his lips t He appeared about 35 years of age ; he was tall and thin, his hair and beard were light hroniv,,,traggling and unkempt, and his clothing were extremely shabby. His eyes were bright anid piercing, of a peculiar light grey hue, and his lone, slim, white hands were constantly in motion, betraying his nervous tempera. ment. He constantly keptlookilng around " Who are you !" asked Clarence, for the stranger seemed restless under his scrutiny. It was a blunt question, but two men bent upon suicide could dirpense with ceremony. "I am Alfred the (Great, Christopher Columbus, Napoleon crossing the Alp,, the Ghost of Hamlet's father. Mloral, anything you like. ' A rose bY anly other name.' What's the use of arguing over one's name ata time, like this l Let us study caue and effect, devote our last moments to something ueeful. The causes of my present condition are too much wine, too much card.playing, too much worse than doubt. ful company, and lastly, a big speculation in grain that went the wrong way ; tihe effect of all this being that I can't stand it anty longer." " 1 did not inquire your namle from idle curiosity," said Clarence. " I wa, struck by the strange circumstance of your appear. ing just at the moment you did-just when 1 was about to either put an end to my msleery or plunge headlong into a worse hell ;hs'n this." There is no hell unless we make lb so. Look around you. Could mortal eyes gaze spon a fairer upicture 1 See how the golden moonlight gleams on the moving billows of graee, wet with dew. See the graceful lnmdows cast by those tall trees, in whose brancheselumberin peaceful repose myriads of living things that lhave only obeyed the voloeof nature. They are happy, and, as soimeore says, ' Only man is vile,' All my ruhlrea llaveo come irom mnyself. I never trind inolu right. You liae not elner, u r you woull nut be here." " I ihave tried sometimes." " ])id ou really 1 Well, I didn't. Now, as I have answered your questlOll, you answer mine. Why are you going to die pr " am a villalin. I have been transact' IngI buslnees for my falther. I was sup. lpoed to be smart, and, oi course, trusb. worthy. Well, I got Int, all sart, of bud orompany, ember.lted money, and thoughlbt aould rlepltce It I then gambled to better I mysell, lort all I hdrl, oo., to make a lonig story short, I've bheni eul?g to the devil for tlree esnra Ia now I've got there. hly flather hasl dlesotrvrd all, alid l eaould nilb ...co hln, anid abve all my molther, I siultl lnet see niy way out of It hut titIles. I irI from hlmne three ldays ago, and I've b' n wailinriing arniulvl ever sirce, ily faIheir Is seten anId strict, and I've been espeotillg to be arresteod every Inoient, iii rnruet feel it terribly--nrd iny poor en ,vtner I mIii her only clhild, andi shie lurves nut, ous prioud of re. tFather ..oild tlinlk nrthhl g ill pUi t t ilog min IIn prlsoi, Hflt tihe wrert ii fl in yet tio ie tiIll-a gila, lovely g.I, the nldaul hteir uf uiltliy Iirente. II fm ,lrlih eI iiU gh tgL, lii r U fe , ,ior c ldll I she hisn bohll lviing ini n drillli. It mllanai hIard th t vi I ho s h ai I l ,ll v ii u u crlrl II el aw oknl L . Ing, I h ltav l ilhi ,rii ye' iiorythiig that esight liI d to m e i vii liftim i lii, n I fair rnlyi hello th, ISy lu; eth iarl h.ueilo lIiy lle stovm il, irih,:o tu I ne tiTIce. f1fe Ilow nunilalin ,?, 1too n ntl, hor he bent hl nl tamull ligc. Thu)lY titedl iii ll irill ll inite, -tld wule recailedl to tler pIlllsulse by the souurd oful tlhe oloeuks striking toi, " Do you know I am very hungry ?' said Clarence's new 'friend. "Give me the ar pistol, and let me make an end of thle'bus-l necs for It is useless to endure more discom. et fort than Is absolutely nece??ary."' Fel For the second time that night Ularence tt had drawll his watch from his tpoke.e h" By the way," he said, as he glanced ab it, " tids watch moust begot rid of ; It has my monogram upon It. lWhat shall I do 0 with it t" " Have you gob a watch I Why didn'b you say so before? Let us go andl pawn it. 111o can at leut have some supper, and not Sgo hungry into the oext world." " %Why, this isnlchildish. Take the watch a and welcome, but leave me alone. Go I Perrhps you may see some reason why you llould lire. Good-bye." b " No. In the lirst placo I intend to stay with you to the end, and in the seconod place I can't pawn your watch, for if 1 do they will arrest me when your body Ia found. Come on, you are no the uman I take you for ifyou will let a follow creature die hungry." Clareuco rose reluctantly ; he wished to get eceickly over his fearful task.. It might he that he fearooi his desperate coulago would fail himl if he delayed. " Come on, friend," urged the stlanger, and tle young malli followed him. " Now we can talk more at our ease," said tle eman of many names ; slipping his. halnd through Alnelliold's rlnm as they found thomnle ves eon a broader path. He talked on, and Metl.iehl woas struck by the force and orilinaelity of hie remarks, and varied nature of iis information. Ho'wae both witty andi well read, and ,eemed to have more depth of character then a casual observer would have given him credit for. " Give ome the watch," !is enid,when they were clear of the park, " and meet me in yonder restaurant." " It is too late to pawn it now," replied Clarence, placing the watch ill Is hand. " Not at all. You are nsophiesticated, my young friend. Thllis is Saturday night, and thie is thle witoching hour whenoe the spider, whose sign is three golden balls, catches mlore flies than any other hour in the day.' Proceed to the restaurant, and I'll be with you anon." Clarence obeyed. no walked into the Sroestaurant and took his seat at one of tho tables. A waiter came to take his order, but he told him he was waiting for a friend. Left to himself, a flood.of painful thoughts oame over him. The presence of his newr. acquaintance had banished them for the moment, but they returned with redoubleo l force when he was once more alone. 110 regretted that lie lhad not'o.trried out his terrible intention without delay.nnd blamed 'the chance that brought the other wretched man to tlhe same spot as hlimeolf. \Ylile painfully Inusing lie took iup a'paper that lay before him' tile "Daily Telegralph," and among the " eorsonals " this caugllt his eye : "Clarence --. Come home. All will be forgiven and forgotten. Alocher is desperately ill,and casks for you constaotly. -Father." IWhat a wild tumulb of joy and sorrow surged throui h Is heart. Overcome by the tide of feelinr., he laid his head down onl the table,and tears of penitence streamed from his eyes. Those tears weere not une manly ; they washed awanry the bitter feel. ings of anegi.el and deispair, and left Clarence Manlsfield a stronger and bettel man. Just oas he conquered his emotion hls new.friend enteredl. ie saw 0 at glanes that some new tide in tile alfaire of men had turned in his corlnlanioa'e favour. He eat down end silently placed a pile of money before Mansfield, anld then ordered selpoe for both without asklug one question. Clarence understood the delicacy that jr pe ai.r. ..l., touhlncr hIs arm, laed the paper before him silently, nedlcnting the notice. "I am glad, from my heart," said the stronger warmly, prersini the young manl'e hand aes e spoke. " You see, it was well you followed my advice. You will return, of course ?" " Yes, return, and with God's help try to atone for the part and deserve my father'e ilsrcy. And you f" " Ae I Oil, I'll finihl my supper and then go back and finish mily work. It is no use for me to live.. " No, you shall not. Come with me to Daleton. I shall tell my father when and how I met you. He empleoys over a hun. dred men, and you are ncot too prould to work for another mno at present. ans you have no businles of your own." Thle only answer Clharenco received was e hearty squeeze of the hanld, and isl the piercling eyes of his complcanion lie saw tear, I well up. Next morning saw both ien on their way to Dleton. Wh\\\'en thesy rrived there they went before Mr. Mon-llield, and Clarence told their story. Tihe tern man was deeprly moved, antl in brol;en tones he I blessed and forgave his erring noln. He also etlonded a kilcfly welcome to the lrangller, who gave Is onlaeo as alerman liEverlee. Mrs. ,lManied le an very ill, but the light of lher boy's face restored her. Everleo was lploced in the cnUllltg.ilhose, aned proved hinlelfa raluable nesistant- honesrt,lcen, anld inllulsriouls, Ie remalined ill Mr. ?lanufleld's emelloy four years, and I then re ueested leave of ahsenco to go on n visit, lie returned, aftlcer an asence ol lotter loveely boy of six yeare. " 1 lif t friends were filledrl with eurrlse, as they had elways supplosed ehim el unmaorried man. " That in hllnt lilled me with' depanir," lie ?oil in conlldonce to Clarence. I " 13ut my brave Mary fought on loneo till I v lhad been here a anonth, and then I wrote anld told her oil. Since thell I have sup. t peorlodl themnl, nlld now I cnl once moro a e |oinePpy mcn. I hade , gtleored fclrulture by I dettrees,and althoughl our homhe Is notmuh i I like our forelor manaoul, Mary loves It, and ; says eile ws never so lhanlly, nad I believe 1 her, eod bless ler," on aftcelOr tids Clarenen also went away L on lonvo, tnd broughlt back Ills Irlide, thie t beaetllhl lucoilhcwh6 Iadrl loved chhn so lou( 1 nled olevneolelly, Blhe kClew Ila story, aid wase willing to ntreet hler hour to Ills keeoue. Iele nlad lesu emroed thant hler conlihlece we pl notenlplacell, lIfo boolccncu ole of tihe lladiht eI.n ile Ide buhesicos ncul ecdelec olrnle, reslectledil iY ol aceld cecl beloved by relltloves ilcd frloculle en lhooured father and a hcutey hushIndd, Yellrs flecr, wllol Ihe thel rt wllS kllelev at Mtallitehl encl hVorlir, tlte IoRe'llltrs eel osdde Ic slllenevary cari n. WIIe sect LO I wsiIlkneowle olerlcttu'nen Inl hllceleil he be ued by ihn folr tI he InerpOnl of nssisLhtIe jlbg scniOh loleecOlr.e llccln en theoy oceo hlad been-mln driven to ldesCliR' by lthe frllts nf Il ier owc felly, T lue fullb woes pe rev i to tlhe iIcrtneerse i lelt weas onUiled Iy tholun c Our Cid fo tiholueo wihoe are Ifenely to Hir Johtic 'l'rver, colsihl tle l.ell fhl celn lllhr Jreftrli, w*n shle e lm an hll t 1c crllrlllt I hll ,as i .l'' lh, w s tw+in, hioker ob the, lhue of r ommons*.?1 nllhllallt lhl,e luirt thn 14 ulltl, tlllecl lly thcc qusetelIc to thie IIllUeI , whlet leer he i lceseit eueghl tol he Iexlpellud for bllihry,'" 'lhe nel lle, s, cl Ye5l.l 