"THE CORNISH MAGAZINE." "the Cornish Magazine," edited by A. T.Quiller-Conch, and published by Mr. Joseph Pollard, of Trnro, has reached its [?]th number, At is still far less known than it ought to be for * periodical which, •wh|e appealing, of course, inaapeciel way to the —WKiMif. of a race in -whom local fcrifte is'proverbial, also £Ua a not Jindis tufeuished poaitioii in the generarlitera tire of the day. The' Cornish flaror by bo means detracts from its iijjjw-Mt^a regards .the ordinaryjeader, ytf.s* sufficient to render the magazine of ipeat valne to people connected by birth or afcMbiatiou with the ancient county it Tfl^mfftwttf At "Punch" pot* it, **Q" Jtai^MlaMedhii net "to catch other fish than pacfcards." - £one of the best work fff tkia Trace of ahort story-tellers appears in\u,p*&M;, and, as win be seen iron an 'advertisement in toother column, he ha* '•nliitfl .under his banner several notable tlontrlroW Thefourtb number (October) veil aiamtain* the promise of the first, ■which* we noticed at «ome length on its appearance. A feature u nude of places and object* of interest* in Cornwall, and of people who have shed lustre on the county. In the September issue Mr. Henry Lucy led off with a sketch of Mr. Leonard Courtney, and this time the place of honor is filled by in exceedingly readable article on "Footprints of the Wesley* in Cornwall," by H. Arthur Smith. "QV well-told story of "The Bur glary duV is quite in his usual vein, and another tile which arrests' attention is on« entitled "A Cornish ghost story," tchich appeared in print as long ago as 1720, when if *■?* supposed to have been writ ten by 33aniel Defoe, because it was pub lished along with other matter in a pamph let under' his auspices. Defoe, however, declared that the etory was written, not by Himself, hot by the Her. John Buddie, ipf TjniOTfston, and this account of its, origin is confirmed by Mr. Alfred Bobbin*,' who sends it to "The Cornish w.jp^nf - An article on "The Collegiate Church of St. Bnryan," begun in the previous pun ber, i* concluded. A description is given «f Fort Elliot (the historical home of the famous Eliats) in the form of an interview which the contributor, Laura Alex. Smith, had with Lady Ger mans. Of special interest is the account which E. T. Sachs gives of Lord Fal mooth's racing stud, introducing a refe rence to the late Matt Dawson. The il lustration* are remarkable for their ex cellence, and are unsurpassed by those of any of the high-class pictorial magannea of the day. "A Cornish Jfoor land," which forms the frontis riiece of tile October number, is a .beautiful scene, exquisitely reproduced from a photograpb. From the usual page of "Cornish Diamonds" we take the fol lowing:—Uncle BOly was discussing pro nunciation with a ship's captain from Dundee. "See Here," the 6cotaman said, "in the West of England, now, div ye say 'naytherl or 'neether'!" Uncle Billy— ♦'Nather; us dawn't use the expression.'' '• 