; MMJ8EMEHT8' THE DRAMA, &C.; The theatres are absolutely without change this week. The public are so well satisfied with tlie quality of the entertian- ' ments provided that managers are able to ' complacently fall in with the suggestion that it is good policy to continue as they are. The Babes in the Wood, at tlie Prin- cess's, is running strongly, and crowded ' houses nightly testify their admiration of the gorgeous spectacle. It would be un grateful not to recognise the enterprise of the firm. They have spent extravagantly in cordial confidence that they would re ceive hack again a liberal return, and they are not being disappointed. When London Sleeps is a melodrama which evidently suits the taste of a large section of play- \- goers. : It is not high art, hut then all are not inclined to graze on the same level. Uncle Tom's Cabin, at the Alexandra, still ihincs with undinimed attraction; and the hypnotic performances of Professor Ken- : . . nedy at St. George's Hall excite uproarious laughter. The only novelty is offered at the Opera House, where the gramophone illus trates the latest improvement to which tlie phonograph has been brought. The death of II. It. Harwood will to old playgoers give occasion for sincere regret. His name is associated with many pleasant memories. He possessed the true instinct of humor, and exhibited this quality to advantage over a wide range of dramatic character. He was always entertaining in burlesque, witness his Cassandra in The Siege of Troy, and Cabriolo, with the gag, " "Keep your eye upon your father and he will pull you through," in The Princess of Trcbizonde. He was equally good in cccen- .-...I-' trie comedy, such as Cattermole in The Private Secretary, and the Jew in The Plying Send. lie rendered useful service to G. V. Brooke in the days of long ago as Xconato in Aluch Ado About Nothing, and as Ancient Pistol in The Merry Wives of Windsor. The Ghost in Hamlet he always represented with dignity. Air. Harwood was not a great actor, hut-he was pre- eminently serviceable, and well deserved the favor in which he was held by the public. After tlie musical feast there is some thing of a famine, hut next week there is promise of special attraction. On Saturday the 30tli inst., a series of popular conceits will be commenced in the Town Hall, wherein Air. Philip Newbury, Aladaine Spnda and AL Weigand, tlie Sydney organ ist, will he tlie bright particular stars. A Alarsliall-Hall Orchestral Concert will also be given on Saturday, the 30tli inst., with a programme including Beethoven's Eroica symphony, Brahms's Hungariau Dances, set 1 ; Al'Cunn's overture, The Ship of tlie Fiend, and an excerpt from Professor Alarsli all-Hall's music to the Greek drama, Alcestis. Bendigo is enjoying a special dramatic season through the enterprise of the Alessrs. AfacAIahon, whose energy has risen superior to all reverses. Tlie Sydney successes are being reproduced. The Terrors of Paris, The Yorkshire Lass, Alan to Alan, and Work and Wages are stirring melodramas with plentitudc of vigor. Affer Bendigo, Ballarat will he visited. Air. Wilson Barrett's Silver King has lieen a wonderful success in Sydney. On Saturday evening he appears in llamlet, and wili give Shaksperian critics further opportunity of canvassing his interpreta tion of the" part. In tlie literary controver sy the actor has got the better of his commentators on the question of Hamlet s age, but this does not affect the vital issue of AH. AVilson Barrett's own rendering of the Koyal Dane. His Hamlet, whatever may be liis intentions, is not a young man, and is far too decisive and virile in charac ter to present the vacillation of mind which should be the dominating teature. It will he interesting to observe how Sydney accepts the Wilson Barrett ver sion. AH. Wilson Barrett has received a long letter from Air. Hall Caine, who has been staying in Rome since last November, Jn which the famous novelist, reniarks, I have had half a mind to go over to you in Australia. I am sure I have, many friends and well- wishers there, and that tlie rest and change and fresh scene would do me a world of good. I may still cany out that dream of happiness, but if I do I'll go with out warning and arrive unknown." On Saturday Sydney people " flocked in thousands to the town hall to hear Aladame Albani in TheAIessiah.and a record achieve ment was fulfilled in overcrowding That vast chamber at double pi ices. The "Syd ney Alorning Herald" recalls the perform ance of The Alessiali under AI. Kowalski's .direction in 18S5, when the limpid eliarm of All's. Armstrong's fluent voica was con spicuous. The future Alme. Alclba was then in her green young salad days, very slim and very pretty, and quite unversed in ora torio, so that her recitatives were given quite frankly and confidingly without tlie alternative notes, whilst "all the world wondered." Aladaine Albani, who lias been delighting Sydney audiences in oratorio, sails from Adelaide for tlie Cape by tlie Naming on 27th April. She will he accompanied on her South African tour by Aliss Norali Clench, Aliss Sarah Berry, and Signor Seppilli. _ Those who remember Airs. Brough ancl Aliss Faher in the Second. Airs. Tanqueray may learn what a great tragic actress can make of the part Signora Eleonora Duse has achieved at Florence a triumphant, suc cess as Paula in an Italian version. A-cor- respondent, who saw the performance, says: —To me she did not somelioiv look tlie part as well as Airs! Campbell, hut tlie acting was superb— not to be forgotten. . In .the second act I thought her a little' too tigerish, a little too much the vixen, and too little the spoilt child; but in the first, the third, and, above all, the fourth, she was grand. In tlie scenes with Eilean she sceincd to me quite at her best— she went through the whole gamut of human emotion; the intense craving for the girl's love, the grief at its refusal, her passionate joy when tlie girl throws her anus about her neck, tlie sud den indignation at the mention of the lover's name, tlie fierceness of her ridicule, the burning sincerity of her repentance, tlie exquisitencss of the reconciliation, the sud den assumption of playfulness at the thought of meeting the soil-in law, tlie freez ing into stone at his appearance. Her look then, lier gesture as she stood motionless, were indescribable. A whole world had coine and gone; life had changed into death. Then tlie interview with Ardaie— with scarcely a gesture, scarcely an intonation. A gleam of tlie eye, a parting of the lips, voii saw the dull despair eating away all that was not sheer misery and horror. She seemed to say nothing but, 'I must tell my husband.' Then when Tanqueray comes in— the pause before slie tells him! Not more, perhaps, than two seconds, liut how it was felt! How she looked at him! 'You love me now — you love me now — in one minute, when I have told you !' Then the great scene with Eilean was grandest tragedy, I shall never foraet it — her eyes, her lips, lier hands— I have never seen such despair. The enthusiasm of the audience knew no bounds. Our seats cost us u sove reign each (nominal price 0d., or there abouts). But she was worth it!" Admirers of Gilbert-Sullivan opera will be interested in the pending revival at the Savoy of The Gondoliers, one of tlie bright est and merriest of tlie famous series.- Air. William Elton's (our own Billy) quaint humor will have scope as tlie eccentric dulte. Airs. Brown Potter and Air. Kyrle Bellow will, it is announced, make a theatrical tour through South Africa during the autumn. The prospectus of the Adelaide Conserva- toriuiu of Alusic lias been issued. It an nounces the formation of no less than 16 classes for the study of various musical sub jects.. An orchestra . lias already been formed in connection with the institution. 