XH4T BAKING POWDEB W^M Sib,— Not for a moment do I think thatyra wonld deviate from your hitherto thoroughly democratic policy in your fight against the multitudinous injustices whloh swarm in this land, which deeply lies nnder the curse of lagdom, but you are not infallible. Therefore I request permission to sot you right in regard to an assertion made in your issue of the 2nd inst. bearing upon the case o£ Collins of dough-rising fame. You state, nnder an extract from a provincial contem porary, Collins' previous alleged 'record. comprised two conviciiuuB~~ima iue » luu frequent exhibition of quicksilver poisoning and one for assault. Now, this is most cer tainly Incorrect, and not warranted to assist the public mind in arriving at a just verdict in this much-talked-of case. I thought I had the particular copy of ' Hansard ' giving a full list of CollinB' convictions, bnt it is 'the only one missing. Irnsting to memory, however, I am almost sure the con victions wtre more than six la number, the sentences aggregating somewhere about i years 3 months. The last conviction of Collins at liingara having drawn forth comments from the provincial and metropolitan publi cations alike, the member for Wellington, Jack Haynes, in answer to a question, was informed by the then Minister for Justice (wherever that commodity exists) that in consequence of this person's record, the purloining of a shilling',! worth of stuff to make dough rise had proved such a heinous transgression of the law to Oollins, and that his heavy sentence was not because he had caused the expenditure of £19!) by the Treasury for his support, in consequence ot not submitting to, and approving of summary jurisdiction. This statement was made in the Assembly on June 10, 1897, but it was * faked' for the occasion by that cations-hearted gentleman who met the ghost of Suffield at Singleton last June. Judge Gibson— by the way as brilliant a man in legal matters as any of the puisne judges— gave his only reason when passing sentence, viz., an unwarranted drain on Htate finances, but to meet the demand of a furious public the prisoner's re cord came in nice and handy and the depart ment of alleged jnstiee wai not abovo mak ing nse ot it. According to other sentences passed by Gibson— and I have seen much of him in his judicial capacity—this one to me seems wildly absurd, but 1 cannot agree with the ? Bulletin' and Tbuth, and the former is always at it, that it was such a travesty on the administration of justice. Considering the official records show Collins to have boon a convicted thief— time after time — during a period of seven years, it seems to me the sentence might have been a little harsh, but no more. I am no barracker for Mr Justice Gibson, but ten persons out of twelve sentenced by him have told me they don't want a fairer judge. Enough. Docker's the man who demands the attention ot a democratic press, and New South Wales Parliament must shortly take a hand in the game. Let them come down with both feet on tbis judicial potentate of idiosyncracies. this maligner of counsel, jury and accused, this abusive cynic who brings the name of judicial administration in New South Wales into contempt, ignominy and disgnst. Then Truth will have jnat cause to exult.— Yours, etc., '7X7.' 