ROCKHAMPTON. TUESDAY, JANUARY 25. IS98. THE SEPARATION MOVEMENT. Year by year Australasia arouses keener interest among political students as to the manner in which the is laying the foundations of her future greatness. We have visitors innumerable who come out to study our local political ques- tions on the spot, and to leam for them- selves how we are dealing with problems which are confronting I lie older popula- tions of the world. One of the latest of 'these visitors was Mr. JJ. DeB. Walker, 'who has since given his opinions to the J1 world in a book whkli lie has aptly named Australasian Democracy. It Was impossible in such a survey that lie could omit the <,ju es- trió» of Queensland Separation. Nor has lie done so. On the contrary, he has given it first placee in his chapter dfealing with the problems of Queens land. We give in full in this issue his observations on the subject. These ,may appear far front fresh to us who are saturated with the subject, hut it must be remembered that Mr. Walker is not writing for an Australasian but a British public. Therefore he was per- fectly justified in publishing a narrative that may seem somewhat elementary to us and to deal rather freely in what mny be called ancient history. Mr. Walker has been at pains te get up his facts, and it will be acknowledged that he has done so willi great accuracy. It would be difficult indeed to take objec- tion to his account of the Separation movement or his statement of the Central case. He acknowledges to have studied Separation from the Central point of view more thoroughly than Northern Separation, and in the course of his travels he visited Rockhampton and llie Central Division. When here he called on Mr. Curtis, we believe, a fact which explains the accuracy of his narrative and of his presentation of the case. Mr. Walker says perfectly truly that if Central Separation be granted then there cannot be a ghost of a reason for denying 'Separation to the North. If our claim is good geographical reasons make the North's claim irresistible. That has always been admitted here. Mr. Walker was therefore well advised in beginning his study of the question in the Central Division, for if he were satisfied with the validity of the claim here he need not go furtr.er north. That the bring- ing of the question in this way before the British public is an advantage cannot be doubted. It keeps the sub- ject to the front and so secures that at any rate the politicians in England have a certain familiarity with it. In his preface Mr. Walker is careful to point out that he deals with matters as they came before him in 1806. If changes since then have put a different aspect on certain matters, he wishes the date of his visit to be always re- membered. This is very necessary in dealing with his statement that "the " enthusiasm for Separation is greatly " on the wane in the Centre, owing to " the strength of the Labour party, " which, in 189G, carried a majority of i " the Central seats, and to the inevitable I " reaction which succeeds a period of " excitement." It wus never correct to say that the enthusiasm for Separation in the Centre was on llio wane, if by that is meant that the people had become indifferent to the question. But it is undoubtedly true that the success of the Labour party, and the hopelessness of taking any effective action at the moment, led a large number of people a couple of years ago to call a halt on the subject. Since then, however, there has been a very remarkable change. It is now evident that the Labour party has to a very large extent, if not com- pletely, dropped the revolutionary and socialistic projects which it played with two or three years ago. And as that has become clear the antagonism to the party by all who hold the preservation of settled order to be the first of all political duties has greatly diminished. Then the Labour members have shown that they are genuinely in earnest in their support of Separation, not from the belief in party advantage which Mr. Walker speaks of, but from a con- viction that it is tho only means by which the progress and prosperity of their constituents can be secured and increased. Then "the inevitable re " action which succeeds a period of "excitement" has itself passed away since Mr. Walker was in Central Queensland. The victory in the Assembly last session, due quite as much to the Labour members as to the other Separationists in the House, has wonderfully stimulated action on the question. Mr. Walker is, ateo astray in his staten;'mt that the millers of Mount Morgan are indifferent to. Separation and the pastoralists are practically unanimouB in their- opposi- tion to it. The people of Mount Morgan have never been 'indifferent to the qties -tion. From the time it was first raised they .have always given it a hearty support, and in. every di vison on the subject their member, Mr. Callan, lias boen found voting in its favour. When the labour troubles were acute a few years ago the pastoralists were indeed 4ilmost to a man opposed to Separation, believing it would mean the supremacy .of the Labour party. Now, however, the change both in tho aims and methods .of that party, and ihe more vivid per- ception by the pastoralists of the dis- abilities they suffer from under the | present connection, has undoubtedly * «brought about a great change of opinion among them. It is certainly not correct to say that the majority of the resident pastoralists of the division are opposed to Separation, much less the entire body. It is plain to any observer that-the time is at hand when a vigorous effort on behalf of Separation can be made with good hopes of success. The Com- mittee of the Separation League met last week to discuss the. present position of the movement and the best course to follow in the immediate future. At that meeting both Mr. Kidston and Mr. Stewart, two Labour members, were present by invitation. Little more than a year ago the same Committee formally censured Mr. Kidston for venturing to bring the subject of Separa- tion before the House without first securing the approval of Mr. Curtis anti itself. We do not recall this incident in order to stir up a now dead and cold controversy, but simply to show con- clusively the great change which has occurred since 1896, the date of Mr. Walker's visit, in the relations between the prominent supporters of the Separa- tion movement and' the Labour party. Events move quickly in young com- munities, and Mr. Walker's statement that " the enthusiasm for Separation is ." greatly on the wane in the Centre " owing to the strength of the Libour -" party " is now very wide of the mark. As will be seen from aoothci column, Mr W G Anderson has resolved to retire from his candidature for Archer \\\ ard in the pre -sent municipal election In the circ iinstniiccs this »as really the greatest Ben ice Mr Auder -sou could render the municipal policy he wishes to Bee carried out, und it is very pleasing therefore to note that he has beeu public spirited enough lo take lins step Once a man announces his candidature fur such ofEces as aldennan or member of Parha ment it is often distasteful to withdraw And jet vvi tim ravi al is frequently the only service be can render to Hie cause he supports In such ciscs it becomes a question whether public sun it or pcisonal vanity will win the du} With Mr Anderson public spirit has come out ?victorious He Baw that if he remained in the held he imperilled Mr Connolly s chances aud so put lu jeopardy the cause which he -cime forward to support He could not hope to win himself and his remaining in the fielt was directly playing into the hands of Mr Higson, by bringing division into the runnS of those who are opposed to the policy of the present maionly in the Council willi whom Air Higson is identified Men do not lose in public estimation by taking such a step us Mr Anderson has just done the man who volun tardy effaces himself in order that the pub! c interest ma) thereby he advanced is frequently sought ufler at some later time to aland as the chosen representative of that interest Mr Anderson s retirement reduces the number of candidates in this ward to three \- Mr Connolly, Mr Higson, and M* Liachert Really tho struggle lies between Mr Connolly and Mr Higson, for Mr Bachen s chances ure of the vciy poorest Mr liucliert Btands on practically the same -platform as Mr Ccunoll-,, and the gleitest tieri ice he could do that platform, or the ward he tushes to represent would be to follón Mr Andcitsons example and with draw from the contest His remaining lu the bcld supplies the Bole hope of Mr Higson's success If he retires, as Mr Anderson has just donc m so public tpirilcd a manner, he will letvc the held .clear for a fair light between Mr Connolly and Mr Higson, 01 m other uoids beluecu the causi of the ratepavcrs generally and the s-auseof the persistent little clique which has captured und ruled the Council for the last ?couple of > ears In that ease there is not the slightest doubt as to Mr Connolly s victor-, Mr Buchen u continuing in the held will not help himse'f in the least, for he has no chance <f being elected, and it may mean the defeat of Mr Couuolly, and, therefore, of Mr Bacbert's own polie) .should Mr Bachort by his candi tature bring that about he will have done irremediable mischief to his perfectly laudable ambition to ?secure election as au alderman 