THE LIGHT THAT OAST NO SHADOW. Curious stories are told nbont the powers pos se:sed by certain natives of Idlia, who live up amollng tlle tliunahaya moutntains These old tmen, it is said, lisen devoted scores of years to the ituldv of natural laws and forces, which the rest of the worhl known nothing about. . Lately a German professor visited the "cadepts', .as thets queer Hindus aro called, for the purpose of finding oua the secret of their remarkable performaances. They treated him rather scaur vily, but interested him all the ame. ..;.Ono day: the professor wanted to examin e some. ancient Sanskrit manuscripts. An adept went with him to acave wherein the the books- were kept, The place was dark as the bottom of a well.: "I cant see to read, here,"'eald the visitor.; " Then we will have soe rlight,"' was the re ply, and immediately (the irofesser says) a soft Pearly iglt brightened the cave. :*He conld not tell whence it came, but he noticed that?it had one strange quality-it cast not the slightest shadow. " This in a story hard to belioe, vet its truth Is affirmed by a ltan of vast learning and high' chairacter, and you who now read it -ihae,no reason for doubt except that all- the light syou have see have ca-rt shadows. Belief or un. belief commonly rens parrallel withione'se. own' experlience Or. Johnson- sniffed at the no count of the Linbon earthquake, yet credited the tale of the Cock Lane ghost. "In the spring of 1t8 " writes oitr corros- t pendent, "I fellinto a low, weak, and languid state. I felt low-spirited and ont ofsotet." At I first my stomach was deranged my appetite poor, and iftar eating I had a pain 'and weight at the chest. I.was much troubled with wind,, and frequently spat up asour fluid, also' bitter bile. Later on I suffered from norvousness and great depresalon of spirits. I kept tup with my s work, but had always a souse of discomfort. Off and on I continued in' this way for two ears, nothing'that I took relievion me. At last I heard of.1 Mu er .Selgcl's Syrup, and pro cured a supply, After I had taken only.a fes t doses I found relief; my food 'digeted, anti gradually all nervousness left me. Although I t cad no reason at first 'to feel any confidenco in f this medicine, never baving used it or see: it nesed, I now g!adly admit its value, and its power over disease. Sliuce my recovery, for which I thank Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup I have been In the besat of health and ,spirits. a In the Interests of suffering humanity I deeua t is a duty to 'send this testimony. (Signed) D. Oriffiths.,1i51 Hockley Hill, illrmingham, June sight 18093." - ir There is a deal 'of difference between Mr. it Griffith's candid letter and the story about the light that cast no shadow. The latter, may be true enough, but it cannot be verified without. more trouble than it is v orth. On the other hand we have a trustworthy witness, who will answer letters of inquiry, and can be found at I at his address. Finally, there is nothing mystic or magical. about Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup.. It acts ou the theory that most allments are but g symptoms, forms or phases of that universal I3 disease-indigestion and dypepsia; it cuires that and tlirows the light of health and happi- hi over heart and homnes where illness andt pain had citt such dark and terrifyins5 shadows. And that in why people believe ill th at is told 7 of its success by eager witnesses. di 