REVERBERATIONS® [By Hugh KalypruB.j The novel certainly is getting tyrannous, it increases and multiplies to such an appalling extent that it bears the same proportion to intellectual literature that thenegro acclimatised in America does to the whites, and'it cannot be deported either, because it ha%> come determined to stay, and novels breed like^ rabbits. We shall have to pass a. Novel Extermination Act. A writer on "The Domination of the Novel" says that the "comparatively small class of persons who take books seriously as works of art, who regard them as a painter regards a portrait, or a musician 'a sonata, can seldom comprehend the attitude of those others—the overwhelming mass of mankind in a'l ages—io whom a book • is, like a bicycle or mowing machine, merely a. cunning device of civilization for getting rapidly and without fatigue through certain work (in this case the business of living), which without such assistance would have to be much inore slowly and tiresomely performed^.' It is a common thing to hear the professional man, who finds his mental pabulum' in a particular" shelf of his literary larder, jeer at the .pmniverous reader, or, on the other hand, express a pitying contempt for the person who does not read at - all, or very little. The lawyer might rust as reasonably ridicule the layman for not having Coke upon Lyttelton at his lingers* ends; or the navigator belittle the landsman—it is done, but done thoughtlessly more often than not in idle conversation. I -know an eminent Judge who rey^Js; in "'"penny , dreadfuls" in his leisure moments; and it is on record that the great Bismarck delights in detective stories of the Goberean type. "The professional man of letters is always too apt to forget that his own higher and more serious interest in books is not wholly due to an innate superiority of taste, but that—to some extent) at any rate—it arises from the fact that the study of books is the business of his life.". It is not novel reading that is to be; deplored, but the vast fertility of the novel writer, which tends to the produetion-of. vermin in tae way of fiction. When the jsixpenny American books of Indian tales-caine-out, .those once-familiar yellowcovered editions,, telling of the exploits, of Dani& -Boone, Crockett, Tecumseh, Poatiae, and,- the hardy backwoodsmen, they were interesting, at times instructive, aha not extremely extravagant; but now we have the'- penny dreadful, and a dreadful penn'orth it is. Some of us, seeing our small boys gloating ovier the Big Budget" and' kindred stuff, sigh for the days when the 'Sensational literature was of a more wholesome - type. However, we have -the antidote in such periodicals as "Harper's Young People," tlie "Boys' Own Paper," and suchlike, and I-find that the small boy grows out'of the influence of the penny dreadful, and takes to honest historical romances/ of which ifaere is abundance. It" is more effective to quietly ridicule the obnoxious book than scold the reader. , I never noticed the- significance of so simple a word as "move" until one day in the Law Court Mr. J. H.J3ymon, Q.C., was examining a witness, ana pursuing his questions, said, "Now, what was the next move of tie management?" Sir John Downer, Q.C., on the other side, promptly objefcted.' "I do not like the term 'move;' iny learned-friend has no right to put it in that offensive way." "Ob, well, said Mr. Symon blandly, ' I will substitute 'movement.'" To Sir John's mind "move"' was synonymous witfi "dodge," "scheme," or "trick," and the second syllable put it all right—removed the sting, as it were. It is-a curious coincidence that the Span- V ish* flag is red and yellow, suggestive of \ gore and gold, the two things for which kite Spaniards as conquerors are most notorious. In ' search of gold, they deluged the fair land of Peru and Mexico in oceans ,of. blood, the blood of hundreds of. thousands of intelligent, industrious natives, who "had built up a marvellous civilization, and covered, their, country with -roads, canals, lakes, cultivated fields, and cities, in tie course of centuries, which works the Spaniards destroyed in a few generations. Jamaica to Cuba is as a penny roll to a large loaf, but in the hands of th'e "British -it' has been ipade a ri£h and prosperous island, while Cuba, in the hands of the Spaniards, is a desolated wilderness, and' a vast camp of military men fattening upon an industrious population, existing only for them to rob. Hie Spaniards would have dug up the whole of the Garden of Eden to find gold—they destroy, but neven restore. Ms Y.alata . correspondent writes:— •' Dear Hugh Kalyptus—Agelastus is eaid to have laughed but once in his life; this was provoked by his Seeing .an ass eat thistles. There would be .some, method Ju -his merriment were he livingto-^ayin tht Fowler's Bay district, and more particularly had he the Fowler's Bay Eucla • mail contract. Here ho would duo some very funny things: horses and other stock existing -upon- blaokgrass, sticks, and sand absolutely. And it is the same right aw^y to Eucl»,"a track of 220 miles; waterless, drought-stricken, everything parched. Even the' blacks 90 miles farther back leaving its occopracy to an occasional hufcman, the Eaola mail driver, and we have it from the Frenchman—ail offering for the devil. Nevertire was never worse." Here is another from our Enrabie'poet on the same subject:— ' THE EUCLA MAIL. Across the wild and wostern plains Of/be Great Australian Bight, Where midday sun shines fiercely down, Mail the .wind iiowls dull at night, Where roaring dingo seeks his prey, \- 'And curlcws dismal w4il, "Ehere I must co, though hot winds blow, V And carry the Eucla mail. , ; *As far as the naked eye can see, • There's iiought but open plain, \- Devoid of .grass, and saltbush too, Just for the want of rain. • The water tanks are empty. And the rockholes, I'll go bail. You earn your stuff quite bard enough When you carry the Eucla mail. I jog along the whole day long. A black boy for a mate. And keep to time, if I'm behind, . A fine will be my fate. Two horses good, as hard as wood, Along the track they sail, We are the boys—" the real McCoys," . To carry the Eucla mail. Oi passengers true you get but few On thiB. track so wild and rough; Bui parcels by post, " by Itiley's Ghost. . Of thtin you get enough. Deadhead?,* yoa see, yon take them free. The loss of their fare bewail; You choose a life of care aud strife, When you carry the Eucla mail- ^ * Post-Office official*. 