y/a etter. Hdlmb terse, Toorsk, Wi:i»"ESDAV, c: < (!ueemdand is not _ ; u<\- remaining term s; ;,-i<»i»gton House, the k. Ir.w :.':•]••'" Lanark- 1 " 1 f 'I in-estate comprises '' .-. Li^elv grouse moors, Ut ihoiii.-."-! .".T' ^ about gTf.lt IHim 1 "-"' " u. ;ftiits will enjoy the oftk Admin--'' ,•;;-',,r (,,f the Government Madden , Hiiixjiit House ball rt,ui CVfliiiie' Miss Sylvia Madden prepared for m.- additional congratu- [licstiibeu'iy < >' : 'i-,.-d on her approacliwith Mi. Yallange, who, as I a grandson of vioudfll. lilM M nor i>! Melbourne. It 4 that Miff s y |vu i '.M.i.iiit'n Mill carry a •ktdlhe nltai. a •u-1. in much in vogue y^uf laM gem .•ration. Of late years -ve j,referred to ! am a posy of white Either in i! prctt \ . iistom. Tlic prayer- •'tc-- a rlcv!t i.m at .ni a sentiment. lacking lart weddings el re. cut years, but a boaiji KjflCt of clioi •e u hite llowers gives a toiilli i-liuf poetry t ) t lie ceremony that is 1 ipprojiriak- to the lair young brides to confusion in the cloak-rooms at last Huuse dance might have been avoided kept the number.-, given them by the A received their v raps. Those who clhe numbers hail very little difficulty J oi tk evening in getting back their •rc especially when iliey gave the maids lime to look for them. first aisilu «f a naughty little one-act tlv I'laycit here, a man with a past ii\K wife to stay and see the end of it proved to be rather ta'nie and severely L " Tims conscience doth make { TOall." The audience at first could Kkrst.wl liOiV ibe play was going to end ''y. As there is. no more severe moralist med man who lias seen a great variety 'ttle ironies, this particular benedict "get in the first, few lines of the play, careful man brought his wife away be - hard or seen too tine h of the incidents "'Ebachelor life. le become wearisome away from home bragging about their beautiful harbour, ""tea Melbourne girl now wintering in avWiv is ignored by poots as inspiraer»-iiiaking. She says she was one composed largely of poets and verseofwliom graciously allowed her to boil munition of her utter inability to *ord rhyme with another. For several ven- kindly (juoied their own poetry to la l k'-'d of nothing else. In all that not one reference to the liar- ' nag'tal colouring of its coastline, only shows li„w -erv considerate are of the tedi^s of a mere if a Sydney Jit came to Melevcr succeeded in tin. " 1 poets to make vi> Would never m. i thev Timer-time U un ,,i„..: o»toulU-l 1>Jf.„'. a sufficient a picnic, I am ion the Yarra, si ream is very " side its banks. ! inisters' wives, and has been an t r . amongst Cabinet ie» who ride a ],i, vb Ci; jydisie for l the " c|J,Isl p.^t "'Vl'lecii months. \- aud i S quite ^ r t w, nly or tlv r, miles a day's best rode a link -.•! " ' ' " A-M • . '11 her health Georg "Wry are not ,- y enthusiastic "three ^•ner, who k,-,k at a cycling earsago did, ...developintoa & T t 0 [ friv -' !i ty to his son S S ^ r -heeling. Mr l)„(i " «in »r V,H ! ! M lllSi brother iHl M " ^t. may be -.refully riding PWttfSi'--'ieock cycles, •*MM , level the Professor Jenks, the eccentric and clever little man who was out here for a time as law lecturer to the Univeisity of .Mclbmuiie. lias married again, thin time to a "Lancashire lass" with a considerable fortune. His first niairiagc was in Melbourne, and it is recorded that he i;uite forcot the wedding day in his absorbing University work, his bride having to wait some time until lie appeared hurriedly and apologetic. Rev. ]•'., Sugden married the happy pair in Queen's Chapel, and Mrs. .Jenks was afterwards known amongst the University set as '"the bride of Queen's/' hers being the first marriage celebrated in that place. The Australian colony in London thoroughly enjoyed themselves on Oaks' l)ay, none more so than Miss Charlotte Hemming. She had had luck in the China, where she lost all her baggage, and when the Shipping Company told her that her boxes had arrived at the London docks she was naturally pleased. When the boxes were opened she found all her nice gowns were absolutely ruined with sea water. With E] sum her luek turned. "Have you a penny?" said Mr. W. T. .Tones. Miss Hemming produced the penny, just- a little amused at the mpiest, when Mr. Jones said, "Now you aie backing my filly Airs and Graces for the Oaks, and I am laying you a hundred pounds to a penny.'' Of course it was Mr. Jones' generous way of giving his Melbourne friends a share of his luek. Miss Charlotte Hemming won her hundred pounds. We consider ourselves lucky in Melbourne if we can bet gloves and don't have to pay when we lose. Mr. .iones received a very nice letter from the Duke, of Port- When Miss Charlotte Hemming reached London Ada Crossley told her not to be Ihe^enedifslie had to wait a year before she got any good engagements in London. But the year is only beginnm_ and already she is doing splendidly. At the first "at home" (at Bushy Park), where she was engaged, she recited some of the Irish pieces with which she was so successful in Melbourne^ She gave three recitations, including " How I Envied M'Ginty," aud her charming brogue quite took the blase society people by storm, so that several engagements were offered her immediately afterwards. Members of the Austral Salon and the Shakespeare Society, of both of which Miss Charlotte Hemming was a popular member, are all delighted with her success. _ Hats were the most noticeable thing at Flemington on Saturday. 1 saw one lady in misery, with . a wonderful collection from bird-land. Two beautiful while ostrich plumes shone in the dulness of the dressing like a good deed in a naughty world, i t,' there were also pheasant, feathers pliant and tantalising. When the lady stopped to talk 'o any of her friends a teasing zephyr caught one of those, whisked it round and tickled the weai u rs pretty nose with it. Another was tilting consistently at her right eye, and a third catching in her mouth, so that whenever men talked to her . he had an unpleasant idea that they were laughing at her. Some of them were, for one man said to another. "1 think some one of those wayward featheiv will have to moult before Steeplechase. J lay." "The feminine cone " was the unkind way some of iho critical described a stout lady in black and purple. The structure, sloped to i graceful apex, one straight uncompromising featl er on the hat foiming a sort of spire or lightning od. ^ et she looked so good- natured and totally i.ticoiiscioas of criticism that one fell apologetic for e en thinking unkindly of her. Those who -at out the meeting, even with such distractions as shilling sweeps aiVord, were not to be envied. The sunny afternoon had coaxed out. some sunny costumes, and as >'atid Ilobson used to sing :— " Seated on the Crawl Stand at half-nast four. Oh, goodness me, it was cold." Women with wafer soles to their shoes were ;,fraid The rational dress question isagain being dts- ^ ^ ^ '.jnuirtim, ^ J t* Z t-^ X ^ c p ^ i ^ iasiuoneu landlord refused to allow a rationally dressed cydis'f, to enter his coffee room. One writer savs : " Terrible as it may appear to Mrs. Grundy, there seems no doubt that the knickcrhocker brigade is slowly but surely growing in importance. It is significant that a great many Englishwomen belonging both to the smart and to the intellectual world constantly don dual garments when cycling abroad, and that they do so fs certainly a proof that they, at any rate, do not consider the bicycle costume either unbecoming or immodest." A well-known journalist asks with brutal frankness, "Is it not rather a question of Oi the one lady's lauj o ugui^ fieure" - and, ; he should have , added, the lady's tailor ? A Melboume cycliste who as a very ugly limiro naturally always looks very mart awheel and has to (haul; her tailor tor lookng so nice in a well cut skirt and coat. Pat tie rowne. when playing at the Court Theatre in 'The Amazons," w as complimented on her bloomer ostume, aud we have not yet forgotten that Mis. hough in knickerbockers and a long coat was piitea beautiful vision in the same comedy. Australian artists who exhibited at the Grafton i cillery have been rudely jumped on by some critics and accused of "endeavouring to lind salv ition along a wrong road :" also of being craftsmen, and not genuine artists. Mr. E. P. Fox is graciously admitted to be the cleverest of the lot. Others are accused of not being Australian-born at all. Mr. (Jeorge Pom in is proved to l;e a native ot the i-outli of England. Of those amongst Grafton gallery exhibitors who have decided to settle in England are David Wavies, now living at St. Ives, and exhibiting at the New English Art Club, Charles Conder, \vlu> also has some pictures there, and Percy Spence, of whom great things are predicted once, he begins black and white work in London. Superstitious people cannot understand why nothing has happened to the mail steamer in which Lord lirassey sailed to London. It is back again in Australian waters, and in excellent condition. Lord jhassey's proverbial bad luck in riding, cycling,driving anil yachting evidently does not extend to him as passenger on a mail steamer, nor to the mail steamer that carries him. I know a clever girl who once said that she thought verse writing <|uite as difficult as arithmetic. Fortunately for our credit as cultured people, there area fe>v women capable of writing verv good vi rses. One of them is Miss Joan Torrance, who has published some very poetic lines. Her last are entitled " America.' 7 Old courage burns, Old Glory lakes, The Stars and Stripes the wide world wakes, To watch the brave undaunted ileal That made brave Hobson's work complete. Anil chivalry is there sublime, That even compters Old World time, At the entrance to Santiago. A Melbourne woman artist intends abandoning her profession, which so many others have found so miserably unprofitable in this city, and will try her luck in massage and manicure. ]f she will only add palmistry to her business she will make an excellent annual income, for palmistry seems to be booming. Strange to say , women who have their hands read believe all that the palmist pretends to see revealed there. If the same women were told of the latest telescopic discoveries on our neighbouring planet, Mars, or that the sun viewed from a point in space would be revealed as a blue star on the edge of the Milky Way they would stare hard, laugh, and say, "Oh, go on. What nonsense you're talking." And incredible as it seems there are many good women who firmly believe in ghosts and haunted houses. 1 know one wl o moved to a"" new house and was thoroughly frightened to find the marks of an outspread hand on a window-pane. Possibly the workman who put in the window had a grimy hand, anil left an imprint on the glass, but the new tenant, refused to stay, and was ijuitc sure she had seen a .supernatural warning of some impending calamity. ".Besides," she added, " the rent, is so low that something niust bo the matter."--Yours ever, MJNKTTA. Tulnapholo. A JEWEL. land congratulating the lucky Australian on his ot the lawn and the terrace was not large enough for success everybody. 