CHAPTER XII. THEY BOTH nAVE TtlEIR SBOIIETfl. Tho time camo when Pinnio could more around tho houso, and ho fretted not, a lib tie as to his future course. It nover occurred to him, or his friends, that he would return to the school. At that institution there won little chango. Tho 'figor novor inquired for the boy, he may possibly have known—the means of knowiug such things at tho com mand of this wealthy Spaniard woro for greater than that possessed by tho city secrotservico; and it was an exceedingly curious fact—as stated by tho chief of polico —that Spanoro had gone on to tho Chamber of Commorco once, as a total stranger, and made a small fortune. He sold "futures" in consols. Thrco days after, a sailing packet came with the news that consols had drop ped to such an ox tout that Spanoro reaped a great harvest. It was secretly understood that in some way Spanoro was interested in cortain foreign governmental affairs, but not tho slightest clue could bo obtained as to the nature of this interest. These weeks wore not without events. Tho man \Ytio kopt tho restaurant from whence tho Tiger's meals wore brought, had a little private o/llce in tho rear porner. This small room was noticoablo on account of its baroness, tho furniture consisting of two'fragmentary chain). And that was all. Tho walls woro not plastered, but ceiled. It had but one window, and that was un usually high and small. If thoro were any place to store things in this little den it must have been in tho wall by secret panel, for not even a box rested upon tho floor. Thoro was a door loading into tho restaur ant, and nuothor opening to tho alley at tho rear. These doors aro trimmed with spring • locks, both opening from within. Tho rostaurant was peculiar in that it did not seem tohuve, nor seek, a regular custom. Very fow who dropped in accidentally ro !>cat:ed the accident. Thoro was ji waiter and he was deaf. Tho cook room was a rear room in tho next building, connected by a swing door. This sido of tho squaro ox tended into tho disreputable district, a sort of thieves1 quarters. Every city has such sect ionh, and usually in closo proximity to tho respectable city. In this building a part of tho history we aro narrating transpires. At 1 o'clock in tho morning, two of the most interesting chai actors it will over bo our misfortune to moot; occupy the grimy and insecure chairs mentioned as tho furnituro of tho private room. One of the*) was j.ho proprietor of the restaurant. His round, lumpy head and high bare forehead woro surmoimt«d with a closely cropped covering of lmir~n stylo not at all in vogue at that time. This man %vas probably forty-fivo years of ago. Tho face was broad anil brown, leathery, and lines rather than wrinklos crossed it, out lines of passion and sensuality. But his mouth was not thick and animal, on the contrary it was thin, somewhat broad, and intensely determined. If tho rentier has in mind a picturo of Mpnnero, let this individ ual be tho contrary in feature. lie was un der higbt, but (stoutly built. His clothing was dark gray stuff, old and greasy, and his hands clumsy and repulsive. Ho was a , powerful nimi and a character. I A candle was flaring in tho room on a chimney cornice, and cast an unhealthy and unfavorable light upon this person aiid his companion. Tho latter was gaunt, tall and angular. Chest sunken, bald head, always covered by a consumptive-looking old wreck of a cap; ho was of ashon-gray countenance, largo, red-streaked oyos. When ho movod, his limbs moved only. Hisnoso was slight ly Romanized, and his teeth were waiting for the dontist of (lie futuro. He was a spare, repulsive-looking creature, whom you would ratlior not moot in tho night without your club and a reliatiio dog. And yot, whon ho Hpoko, you listoned to a soft, kindly voico—a voico which you would say you had hoard before; and you would ransack memory to iind tho owner of the original—among all tho gontlomon you lmd met in the past. On his foot woro sheop skiii shoos, with wool left on tho bottoms. Tho gaunt, thin-fncod man had- a bad," gravoyard cough. "I dunna seo, Stub, what yo do wi' that cough whin yo'ro oot, man!" said tho short mail, whose name, so far as Boston culture could inform us, was "Spotors." "What would I be doing with anything that I didn't want?'' "Whut wud uny inoii 1)6 doon wi' it—wha, man, yud shut it up." 1'Ye.s, I do shut it up—and with this!" said Stub, his lank faco and largo oyos aglow as ho brought forth a small vial filled with pellets. "Un whut mut it be thut?" asked Bpoters. "That is tho God that I worship. I am sato whon that is with me, and in dangor whon it is not." "Un itdoon't luk like opuro." "But it comes from opium," replied Stub, "so thoy tell mo, and it works mighty quick, too, for in ton mlnui-es 1 fcol it tingle, and in twenty it puts iron in my blood." "But, mon, it will kill thoo." "Can't do it too soon, Spot era, I rrould not mind that, but the ghosts while I livol" " You'ro craoken in yor oopor story—un you better luvo it aloon." "I bolievo you, Spotors, I mot a pair of Iovors tho other night, and in my miiul was a dream of what took my child from mo years ago—and I looked up, and sure enough there was my child what was drowned—as big as iifo, just as I dreamed." "Thut shoos thut yo wont last much long er." "Your right again, for, upon my soul. I saw before nio my own picture, as I was a squid hanging to my mothor's-npi-on strings in old Cambridge." "Yu did? And whut did ya say to yer solfi" askod Spotors, with a grin which call ed up tho idea of a gravoyard. "I didn't say a word to myself. I looked at myself andmysolf looked at mo! iind upon my soul if myself didn't faint away!" "Uu wodoon't blame myself for that,"sug gested Spotors. 'IN ANOTHER MOMENT THE TWO MEN WEUH DIOU1NO IN A PASSAGEWAY THK D1UKO TION OF WHICH WASTOWAKD THE FOUND ATION Off T1IK ' SCHOOL " "But what luul I to do with it? IC it waa a lad, why should ho timihlo oviu'?" "Sum nu' wouldn't yordooty kill a man at clo.su i|iuirtoj'sy" Stuli oponed his thin jaws and took a pill into his mouth, auil uiiincUcil his lips. "It was a ghost, Spotors—I ltuow thorn, thoro wa-s no one thovo." "An' yur not afraid uv um!" "Afrnid, man? Why man, what cares a man wluv hns nothing to livo for? Live for yrjittir x gttli Iwj ojjotOi'ij UG, tuGrc iz US .. fear to n man who don't care when ho tum bles off tbo wharf." "Why don't you tumble yoursolf ofI?"said Spotors. "Becauso I hayen'fc killed a Spaniard yet?" replied Stub. "ttov a care, Stub," said the othor, with a heavy frown. "Hev a care about the Spuu yard. Our mon bo a Spunyard." "And I know that, too—or I wouldn't havo been here." . And so tho intorosting twain sat and tf.lk ed for a quarter of an hour longer. It is not hard to soe that Stub has been n man of parts. Hi-s langungo has but a slight mix ture of dialect, and evon at this time accent and pronunciation pointed to no inconsider able culturo. Tho thioves vocabulary had not yet boon invonted. But the language of Spotors was still more of a puzzle—simply because his dialect was strained, and evi dently a poor attempt to reach the North England typo. With all tho depravity ovi dont in tho make up of Stub, thero was no question but that Spetors was the most doa perato villain of tho two. A peculiar knock was heard on the outor door, a key was thrust into tho lock, and tho Tiger entered. Ho glanced at Stub a moment, and turn ing to .Speters, said: "Is this tho man?" "Tho man" had his cold, stoel-gray eyes on tho Tiger. It was not tho glance that ho had before cast upon a supposed ghost. It had something of strength in it. Ho took another pill. "This is the mini," replied Spotors. "And has ho dono his work to-night?" "Befoor wo ahnswer thut, cap," said tho short, stout villain, bringing his small, ser pent eyes upon tho Tigor, "wo will talk uv soomthing ulso." "Well, talk of what you want to, but got olf from that brogue nnd do your practicing on tho dovil." "That is all right, sir; but that is not what I havo to f-xy," roturned tho villain, changing his method of speech. "If you havo anything you wish to say be fore this man; go ahead." "It is before this very man," said iSpeters, sullenly. Spunoro walked across the door, a'hoavy frown renting upon his faco. "Drive on," bo muttered. "All I havo to say is a dovil of a littlo. It 1 is that wo want to know tho bilk iu the i glitter for us." "Htivo you not been well paid for your j services?" | "Noo, wo ha' noot." • : "Don't you got this d d croak's nest for I nothing?" said Spanero. j "Whut o' that? Ilev yo not crooked the ; bilk o'thousands here theosol'?" j "Do I not pay you well for running this "cookshop?" "An hov yo notyor oon spun in the dishP* "Well, out with it, man," sputtered Spun ero, still walking back and forth. "If you have any thing to say, lot it out." "And I hov this to say, captain; 'If that ere coop is busied next week, ho will hov his thoord, and tno will hov ray thoord, and ye will hov yoor thoord—and that is all there bo U> it.'" » "And if you dou't got a fl' put note?" "Then pnrd an' mo won't divide it up wi' ye." Spanoro took this all very coolly. He waited a moment and then drew a silver mounlod pistol from his side coat pockot— ono of the long-barreled, flint-lock weapons —took his handkorchiof and polished the barrel as ho said: "Spi'lurs, we will havo no words about this jo. You will do as I direct, and no gnimbl either. If you nialto mo troublo I will put a bullet into your head, and if you spoilt I will havo you hung to the bridge within an hour by a mob—do you under stand'" "No, I don't," returned tho other. "Do you want mo to explain <" asked Span ero, bringing tho pistol to bear upon Spe ters' face. During this somewhat interesting proceed ing Stub, who apparently was not acquaint ed with Spanero, sat with his chin on his breast and his eyes closod. He did not raise his lids even under the inspiration of a possiblo row or oven murder—such is a man nerism of tho criminal class. Nor did Spetors bliuk. In a cold, icy tone ho replied: " Spanero, if you play me foul, as yon havo anothor, you will bo sliakon out iu au hour nnd your rookeries buined to tho ground. Put up that nonsenso—I am not a raid of yo." "This weayon, Speters, is quicker than a knife, and I propose to stop this grumbling at ouco and for all." "You do?" said Speters, sharply. "Else thore will be war botween us." "Then it will ba war," replied the thickset man carelessly, throwing ono log over the other. „ l "Spoters is a beautiful name, isn't it? Now, you have not told this man horo you* other namo. Ho looks liko a gentleman b» aide you, and I don't think you are a lit mar for him to associate with. Shall Iintroduco you to him?'' "f.oolc out, Spaniard," said tho villain arousing himsolf, "You kill 1110, Spoters, at your leisure; and when I ilio a letter will bo opened at po lico headquarters of this city which will sot every ono of these cursed now-faugled tele graphs in motion. Do you know what thoy will say?" asked tho Tiger, fastening his gray eyes on tho leathery face before him. "No. What's it all aboot, anyhow?" "Well, it's about summoning every spy, dotectivo and ollicor in this couuiry to in stant duty." "It would?" "And then a United States clipper cruiser would go to Franco to warn the continent and England." "And what for?" "To hang you," said Spanoro. The villain raised his oyos to tho Span iard's i'neo, anil thoy looked at each other steadily for a moment. Then Speters lot tly a .single word: "lloll!" "Yes, thoy want to find an assassin—one who kills princes nnd breaks up crown jew els—see?" Like a snake uncoiling after a fright, tho tanso muscles of Spoters looson and bis knit brow relaxes. Then ho says moodily: "What will tluiy do with tho principal In that littlo affair?" "IIo will bo dead. You will havo killod him." "Spaniard, put up that pistol. Havo your own way." Spanero put it out of sight and moved to tho door. "Spoters, Pinnio is still at the lawyor'B house. I want either you or this man to cool: him." Spanero withdrew and closed tlio door; but immediately oponed it again, thrust in his head and said: "Tho notice has gono to headquarters that if Mr. North brings funds with him from Philadelphia ho had better take it to his houso, and koop tho business olllco under full guard." Ho thou withdrew. Spetors looked up and said: "Stub, what makos your oyos so bright?" Tho fact was that Stub was sitting up 03 Hunt uud his chooks aflame, "It's the cough medicinal" "Was there something about Hpanero that brought out the pills?" "Yes," replied Stub, "But I don't know what, it wns." "Thon you don't know this hell brat}" "No." "It is well; but did you got into the house?" "Yes. I ontered two of the rooms." "You'ro a cat." "I inspected all tho lighted rooms from the outsido and from tho projecting windows. Two of the dark rooms I ontered by a largo chimney, in which there had boen no fires for a long time." "Wondorfull Did you locate tho muni mont room?" "Yes, and can get into It without breaking a wall or a lock." "Give it to us easy, Stub." "I' faith I speak tho truth. I saw tho koys taken from a panel when i was in tho room." "The dovil 1" "Yes," said Stub, "I stood in the fireplace, uud, curse my miserable soul, if I didn't have to hustle to get there, when a fine old lady entered with a candle—and all that crowd in the othor rooms, too." "Scraps!" ejaculated tho other man. "Yes, Speters, and, by tho ragged St Francis, the • old lady looked right at me, squarely—and sho didn't know it—I didn't have my party clothos on, you seo." "She would have sworn sho looked at the devil!" "Sho unlocked a little panel in the old fashioned wainscotted wall, and took out tho keys. The jim end of my knife will force it, and thore are hut two doors to tho vault. It is off from an old dining-room—used in tho old Dutch days. But the most singular thing was what I saw iu tho crowd, through the windows—the young woman who was with my spook—tho one that fainted away." "Spook?" asked Speter. "Yes. Tho slitnins with the big eyes. The other one of myself. "Wonder if that spook isn't Pinnie?" "The chap what tho boss wanted us to put under cover?" "That's tho chick, Stub." "Well this fellow will not go under sod again—not until I go I" "Well, lot us go hence," said Speters, suddenly changing the subject. 'Without a word tho two nion passed out into tho restaurant room. They silently wended their way behind a liquor counter, i lifted a trap door, and, in tho darknoss, si lently dropped to tho cellar liolow. Without stumbling over any of tho nu merous kegs and casks, the villainous twain made their way to tho corner of tho cellar, directly under the private room they had re cently left. Speters scratched one of the then recently invented lucifer matchos, and lighted two bull's-eye oil lanterns. In another moment the two men were dig ging iu a passageway, tho direction of which was toward tho foundations of the "school building." The corner of tho brick work of that inte rior building was, perhaps, ISO feet away from tho rear of the restaurant, and in that interior structure, on the first floor, was the vault or the treasure room of Spanero. Upon tho outside was but a blank wall up to tho fourth floor, and then a singlo window mark od tho place where the Spanish artist's private room was, adjoining his ofllce. And hero wo leave the precious twain to their dark work—in which the Tiger was probably not a partnor. 