HE WAS HAUNTED. -:0:-o FuSCnEa's ghost has been laid, to the regret lof -those who have ~berishcd him as a winter story for the fireside. He is no longer be lieved to sit on top of a three-rail fence as a clue to the discovery of his bones in a stagnant pool. But there is a man in the Glebe, Sydney, \- who was baunted-by a spectre which never left him. It was with him as he sat all day mending shoes, and in the dark and silent watches of the night it clung to him, and ·he began to look upon it as a fearful part of him self until his time would come to enter the spirit land. It was a grim and horrible ex perience, and all his days and nights were spent in trying to solve the enigma of its pre seace, and the way that he could lay it, as they had laid Pischer's ghost. The worst of the matter was that it was invisible to all but him self; he was woresthan haunted, it tortured him, for this speotre loved to give him pain.' At length the means were given him to free himself of its hateful presence, and he deEsribes his last fi5ht with it to -our representative who waitnd upon him at 86 Bridge-road, Glebe.--" For the past eight years," said Mr. We. Burke, shoemaker, ",I Ihave endured very much from constipation and piles; no medicine seemed to Ilo me good. Al night I could not sleep, and1by day I was too drowsy to do my work. Nothing I took could free me of pain, until Itried Dr.. sorse'e Indian Boot Pills, and now can say tl tnt they are the Sbest remedy I have ever known, as they do nost gripe or weaken, and yet do all that is said of \- them. I am a better.man to-d ay than I have been for years. It -is a grand cure." Dir. :-forse's Indian Boot Pills euro such cases. They are a positive cure for i iver ailments, Ssiak headaches, biliousness, ind igestion, dys-: pepsia, constipation, toul breatl i, sallow com Splexions, and a perfect blood p urifier, euring ecnema, pimples, blotches, and all skin diseases. As a woman's best biend they estand alone. -Sold by chemists and etorekeepe. rn; pries, is. Sd. per bottle. Australasian Bran oh of the W. B. Comstock Co., Ltd,..58 Pitt-st reet, Sydney, N.iS.W. Sold wholesale in Qu eensland by: Messrs. Elliott Bros., Ltd., Brishb one. Each bottle has the full name blown thea son, and the Swrapper bears the signature of f "m. B. Com * stock. Avoid substitutes, and see that you get -tahe geonuine. 