TH1 JEW SPOOK, ylN- LIMITED LIABILITY. A HOME FOR GHOSTS.^ The familiar adage that 'Hope springs eternal in ttie . human breast' could never be' more strikingly exemplified than in the «ase of those searchers into the mystery of the. infinite, vrho class themselves under the general term of 'spiritualists' (says Satur day's Melbourne 'Herald'). Indeed, if . there is one thing still more wonderful than the extraordinary poverty of the 'manifes- tations.' it is the tenacity with which your true spiritualist sticks to his convictions. To the general public 'Cissie,' and *'Geordie,' ami 'Josephine,' after the Sydney expos ure, mean nothing but so many combinated in the most clumsy way. But there are men here in Melbourne, and men, too, of high in telligence, who-, though policy forces them to. be silent.' still cherish the belief that 'Cissie' and her comrades were genuine visitors from spirit land, and that the 'Sunday Times' re- 1 porter who grabbed the ghost, and found the j riiedium inside it. was himself an uncon scious medium, who, by magnetic force, or some other unexplained means, materialised 'Cissie.' In these modern days of unbelief. ] it is truly refreshing to find people who pre serve a simple and .c-hiid-like faith. For, after all, the great essentials of the true spiritualist ara to 'have faith— and not to mind the gas being turned out. But it ap : pears of late that the spooks are tired of j I wandering up and down the face of the uni vftiw, like s-0 many spiritualistic lost drogs, without evon an ethereal corporation official ? to gather them in and- offer them at least a I temporary accommodation. Your genuine ghost is a sociable person. He wants some place where he can sit down oCevenings, and smoke his pipe and perhaps indulge in a quiet game of billiards with impalpable cues and balls, qr exchange the latest news of Shadowland with some other decent body— -we beg pardon, spirit— of his own I profession He misses the quiet and cosy churchyards of the old country The glare and glitter of the modern necropolis appals him by its magnificence. Thus it is that to meet this long felt want the ' Spiritualis tic Proprietary Company, of Melbourne,' has sprung into existence. The prospectus of that body — strange how the word will creep in — is now before us. 'The want, the actual necessity, of a 'Home' of our own,' so runs the opening sentence, has long been patent to all true spiritualists.' Therefore it is proposed to purchase the Congrega tional Church, Victoria Parade, for £2300. to be subscribed in £1 shares. Tho business details are set out with a cold realism that seems at first sight a little out of place in such a connection, did we not reflect that a fine display of arithmetical accuracy has ever been the leading feature of all 'shad- owey' schemes. We confess ourselves that nothing but the unfortunate fact that the share list closed on March 11, prevented us from becoming an eager participant in the venture. It would have been an interesting place to drop into f after 'The Herald' had gone to press, and one should like to have had a yarn with Herodotus, or obtained Shakspere's opinion on the Rontgen rays, j and whether or not they were injuring the j ghost business. Also, we had a particular desire to know whether 'Herald' reporters, after being 'dissed.' still pervaded the at mosphere bothering the cherubim for 'copy.' Unfortunately the choice is gone — vanished into thin air — we may not sub scribe our pound notes, but at least our spi ritualistic friends may depend ori our good wishes. 