THE STORY OF HIS PAST, A TRUE TALE -OP QUEENSLAND. [By 'Mns. Lance,'] It was nearly eleven o'clock at 'night ; the timo of year July. Carriage after carriage was setting down its living freight of brave men and beautiful women at the covered-in. entrance to a large house in tho most fashionable part of London. In the entrance hall, banked aftunst the walls, and twining round the handsomely oarved baluster of the imposing staircase were hundreds, nay even thousands, of roses, of all colours, from deep red to palest cream, the scent from which rendered the surrounding atmosphere oven as far as the street like a flower garden. At either side of .tho wide doorway stood a liveried footman. Above them the massive globe ot electric light cast brilliancy upon the scene, and rendered it impressive to a degree, speaking as it did of wealth and luxury untold. Prom tho top of tho wido staircase where he stood in faultless evening dress to receive his guests, the young though grey-headed owner of it all looked with, sad, even tear-dimmed, oyes, and a senso o impotent fury against the cruelty, the injustice of life, ns he contrasts this scene with another in his life's history, the .thought of which almost drives him mad. His memory, sees a Queensland sun blazing down with pitiless intensity upon a young couplo in a buck-board buggy. In tlio woman's arms is an infant, whose feeble, moaning cries aro an incessant protest against lifo, poverty, ? and existing condition's. Every few minutos tho young fellow (ho does not look moro than five or six and. twenty at most) glances furtively at his companion's delicate white face, and asks gently, 'How are you feeling now ; any better?' The answer is always tho same, a shake of the head, a whispered 'No better?' ?'???? Then he sees him rouse'' the old horse 'to greater exertions while ho curses the heat, tho long sandy road, arid tho flies that arc in his eyes, his mouth, and nostrils. . ? 'Don't you think we'd bottor camp, Phil, dear,' his wife asks, fretfully ; 'I feel very' ill, and I am suro baby is dying. I might be hotter if I could lie down for a few minutes ; the buggy shakos mo so.'' 'There is no use ciunping, dear,' he replies ; 'we must push on and got. to somo sort of civilisation. Soo, there is no shade hero in this cursed walhim' country. Soo, let mo try and mako you more comfortablo, and do try, dear, and hold out a littlo while longer.' Ho' stops tho horse, 'and standing up takes his coat from under-tlio cushion, rolls it into a pad, nnd places it at his wife's back. ' Ho hoars hor softly murmured word of thanks as sho leans back against it, trying to mako boliovo that it is more comfortablo, .But tho tears are flowing unchecked from her burning eyes, nnd ho feels instinctively that hor arms nro almost too weak to hold the sick child. But what can ho do ? The heat is torriblo, and thoyhavc notoven a sunshndo to protect them from it. The hat sho wears is homo made, of plaited newspaper, broad in the loaf, nnd tied down^vcr her cars with an .old silk.puggnrco of his. ' Her gown is an old much washed wrapper, a remnant of hor trousseau ; it had boon trimmed with lace and pretty pink ribbons, but all such dainty vanities have gono long ngo with her hopes and tho bright dreams she had dreamed when a girl iu hor English homo. ' ? ' Pour years ngo thoy hnd married with every prospect 'of h'nppinoss and success^ and ho had brought her out to the colony to his bush homo witli nil tlio pno;e nna conhdonco ot youth nnd manly courage But in less than a year things had gono wrong ; reverse nftoi: rcvorso fell upon thorn ; floods camo and carried nwny thoir homo nnd thoir cnttlo ; thoir debts and difficulties overcame them. But all those woro as nothing to the young wii'o compared to .anothor loss — that of her baby girl, a pretty littlo tocldlor of eighteen ? months, who, during the mother's absonco at tho clothes-lino, walked into tho firo, nnd was bin-nod so sovoroly that sho died within n fow hours.. Por weeks the young mother was ns ono domontod, tho scroams of hor child woro ovor in her onrs, tho sight of thoso cruel burns before her eyes. Thoy woro practically isolnted from civiliza tion, thero boing a patch' of rottou country between tliom and tlio otlior stations, and for (Iftcon months sho had not scon or spoken to n whito womnn. Her lifo wns awful in its ut'ter lonolinoss, hardship, and privation, notwithr standing that thoy worii ' but twenty-seven milos from a post town. Ho could got away now and thon, but sho novor, thoro boing no rond for a vehicle, and 'tho journey by boat (for' thoy woro on tho const) took two, and often three, days and nights. Thon hnd como this olhor child, n boy. A couplo .of black gins hnd scon her through hor illnoss, 'tending and wniting on hor till sho wns nblo to got nbout again, nnd then sho hnd gono on hor knoos to hor husband and begged him lo tnko hor nwny nnywhuro; so long ns sho could' seo 'hor follow women, niitl hoar somo other sounds than those mndo by tho soa birds, and tho wnyos on tho ironstone shoro, tho,' consoless innddoning run of that novor, onding wave for whioh sho was nlwnys' listening. ?u, ' ill ilk ilk ilk ? ' Must congrntulato you, Sir Philip ! Your rooms aro bountiful.'1 So glad to hoar ot your return from that dreadful Queonslnnd. Mnud — you romombor Mnud, n great playmate' of yours — wns quite excited. So sorry sho could not como to- night'; s.prninod her anklo nt tennis yosterdny. But, you' must come aud lunch with us on Tuesday. Now, now, don't say you havo an ^engagement, Sir Philip. I'll tnko no oxe'uso ; you must come. Mnud is dying -to' rcnow tho old friendship.'.' # # # # * , Liko flguros in nn endless chain thoso great hdy guosts of his pass boforo him, thoir voicos and tho words thoy uttor mingling oddly and incongruously with that other piuturo that passes ' from Hoono to scdno with strangely cruel pori sistoneo whonovor ho is iilono for a moment, ? ...» # # # ? # ' It .is night now, night in tho.-Quoonslniid bush. Tho lionvoiis nro ovorcust with storm clouds, und'hoavy drops nro beginning to full ns ho pulls the horso up boforo ilia first habitation, on that long nnd dnsolnto road. But, alas, it is empty nnd deserted, and the town, is still ton niilos', oil. Two miles .back the lioraq had knocked up, nnd only by resting every twonty yards, nnd using tlio whip hnvo thoy lnunngud to got so far, Por two hours tho woman lms not ? nnolroii : liko a figuro of slono sho ling sat bosldo him cla9pingin hor anus that, nt which sho is nfrnitl to look — a (load child. When' the littlo thing notunlly died sho hardly knows, but for tho last two hours bIio hns boon aonsiblo of tlio 'inert woiglit of tlio tiny body, and of its growing chill. Sho is paat'grlovlng ; hor only fooling is one ot pnssivo endurance, — If indood sho can, bo Bald to fool nt all ;? tho fountain o£ hor tnavs sooms frozen ; hor sensations us of somo im pending catastrophe. They have left the wnllum country, with its stunted, weird looking clumps of brush, and its everlasting monotony, mid are among a forest of ghpstly ring-barked trees, whose huge white limbs throw terrifying shadows across the road nnd over the deserted hut which wns a bush shnnty but n yenr ngo, and driving a thriving trade till murder wns dono within its wnlls, nnd someone started the story of a ghost. Already the roof has fallen in atone end j tho wooden shutters hnng forlornly by ono leather lunge, or lie on the ground beneath the openings they once covered, ^ The young fellow strides up to Iho door and flings, or rather pushes, it open, .Fate is fnst getting too much for him, nnd ho fears a totnl collapse of the man within him. Only a fow minutes ago ho had been thinking that he can now understand fellows going off their heads, and shooting those dear to them to save them from life's misery. Hero wns he. without money, his solo possession of commercial value a buggy and knocked up horse, for which only a madman would oner him . more than a five-pound note. Against that ho hnd n sick wife nnda probably dying child. And he, the heir presumptive to ono of- tho oldest and wealthiest titles in Eng lnnd, nnd which ho would gladly sell or barter for a fow hours comfort for his wife nnd child. Tho door creaks nnd strains dismally ns it ; falls back before his superior strength, dislodg ing a shower of cochroach dust, and dry shells and wings upon his head and shoulders. He crosses the threshold and bursts open an inner door, *'Ali! that is better, ho murmurs, as his eye falls on nn old iron bedstend and a pair a of ragged, much worn, rat eaten palliasses upon it. In ono corner stands a kerosene case on its end, with an inch or so of wax candle,' much nibbled by mice and cockroaches. The place has been deserted somo timo ; there is an odour of decay and desolation about it, 'but it will, it must, servo them for a refugo from the storm and tho night. Ho returns to the buggy and explains what ho has found. '. . ' Anyway, you'll' bo' able to Ho down for nn hour 'or ' two, ' dear,' ho says, 'and by then perhaps we'll be able to push on.' Hiswifo stands up, still holding tho small stiff burden close against her breast. 'Give liio the youngster while you get down,'. ho says, holding out his arms to receive it. But sho shakes her head, nnd succeeds in 'climbing down with it. Something in her fnco startles him, and ho i\sks quickly, '- Whnfc it is, Girlie ? What's- up ? Baby worse ?' But she only shakes her bond, nnd staggers on to tho verandah liko a blind woman, nnd into tho, wretched, squalid room, whilo ho carries in thoir few wraps and tho small bnskct in which she has a few necessities for herself and tho child. She tosses ol! her hat, nnd throws herself on to tho bed, tho child still in hor arms. He goos back to tho buggy, nnd ?and having unharnessed tho horse lets him go j poor brute, ho is too dead boat to go far. Then he takes buggy cushions nnd his coat, -and throwing them down in ' ono corner of the verandah ho throws himself upon them in utter and complete dejection. Presently ho begins to nod ; ho is dead tired, having been up since three . o'clock that morning, ? and nature can resist no longer. At last he sloops. '* # #, # # Whnt is .thnt ! Surely ho hoars voices, or is hodroaming still 1 No, it is, it must be, Girlio's voico. Who ?can- sho bo talking to, and how oddly it sounds. Ho listens again, then rising he creeps to tho door of the inner , room', and looks through a^orack botweon the slabs. And whnt n sight moots his view I Will ho over forgot it, or got it out of his mind's ' eyo ? Ori tho bed sits his young wife tossing tho naked form of a. doad, child in hor arms. It needs no second glance to tell him that sho is mad ; her words and actions are sufticiont, as Rho tosso9 tho littlo dead body, nnd ooos nnd , laughs to it' with n fierce animal-like tenderness born of insanity. With n slmddor ho clrnivs tho door to closer,1 nnd securing it with his wnist strap, which' ho loops ' through n holo and .then through tho staple, ho returns to tho verandah to1 think. ,Tho storm is hearing Us height ; on all sidos tho lightning flashes, nnd , peal aftor peal of thundor crashes, but ho is oblivious to -nil the wnr of tlio1 elements — ho hears' thorn uncon sciously *, but nbovo nil ho Jionrs that awful shrill laughter, and foolish talk that comes from tho lips, of his demented wifo. What is ho to do? Ovor nnd ovor ncnin ho nsks, himself tho question, as if by constnnt ropetition ho enn hope for 'a reply. ' And ' still tho wind comes in terrific gusts, driving tho rain through tho cracks botwoon tho slnbs, slinking tho hut to its very foundation, nnd seeming to lift tho iron roof nnd to drive under it on nil aidos. . Only that inner room is weather-proof, si fact ho hnd noticed whon first ho entoreel tho, houso, nnd now fools ? deeply grntoful for ; but into tho outer room the rain pours through tho brokon roof, nnd down tlio crn»y chimney in streams. . HoShns drawn ,tho cushions closo ngninst the wnll of tho room whoro his wifo isj nnd. thoro ho sits huddlod up,, his chin almost touching his* knees, his oj'os fixed miserably upon spneo as if trying to solvo the wretched problom fnto has sot him to .unravol. i ' , . ' ' ' ? After ai whilo the rain nonsos, tho clouds1 burst asunder, and tho moon in rogal mag nificonco looks down upon him with her soft whito light. Tho wind has dropped, the thundor nnd lightning passed to ' grentor distanco, and loft only a smelt ot mother enrth, a cooler atmos phoro, nnd. a soft bnby breoc.o that ovory now nnd thon comos through tho saplings which nro springing up round tho dosorted hut sinco humanity loft it, Above, nil tho' storm hns loft n sllonco, n penco thnt. is nlmost appnlling jiftor the lato, uproar, and which' soems to intensify iho, horror and. oruolty of his position. ? Tho only sound now is his wifo's voico pnlhotionlly crooning a lullnby to hor doad child. 'Oh, God I will it' novoi- coaso? Will I always hoar, that, mad laughter and idiotic jumble of foolish baby talk ?' ' .' ? , At last tho moonlight is' dying nwny, giving place to the light of tho now day. Ho soos tho first faint streak of light in tho East grow brondor nnd ? brondor ; , ho watches tho clouds ns thoy .catch tho fii'Ht.rnys from .tho 'rising sun, ns tho shndows grnduully lift 'from tho hills 'in' tho distanco. ? Ho hoai'3 tho first soft musical twittar of tho nestling birds, nnd sooa tho pnront birds loavo tho nost to catch tho early worm — il'iut provorbinl oarly worm tho foundation of so many foolish jokos. *Ho .fools tho first chill oi! morning in tho air as tho. light growB stronger ; ho bugs and hcnrs.it all, and is conscious of all its beauty and promiso. Yot, mingling with ovory toudor reflection, oyoiy variation of lono and tint, is that othor voico from whioh all intelligence hns fled, nnd whioh sounds liko a crashing discord in tho midst of ptrfbot harmony. Presontly, iih the 'sun in rising in all the pomp and majesty of iiatui'o's court,, another sound breaks tho stillness, and comos to his distraught sonso's us tho sweqlost. ho lias ovor heard. It is the sharp musical snap of a wkip'1 followed by the voice of a teamster addressing his team. Never has sweeter, more welcome sound fallen upon human ears, and with the first glad certainty of human aid and sympathy he burst into weak, womanish tenrs, nud sobs ?like n littlo child, his wife's senseless laughter and insane babblings mingling with, nnd rising above, his cries of thankfulness and relief. The team 'draws near, and with a supreme effort he pulls himself together, nnd rising from.', tho cushions whereon he has been lying walks ' down the road to meet if. * ???-.. # v. * # Will they help him? Need he. ask such a qnestion ? Are thoy not bushmen nnd brothers ? PnymentJ Not much j they do not take money for helping a mate out of a mess. The world . would indeed be a bad place if one man wouldn't see another through his trouble. One of their horses is taken from tho team and harnessed into the buggy. Then ho goes into that inner room, and returns leading his poor - mnd wifo, nud lifts her into the vehicle. She will hnvo no hat on, and no clothes on tho child's dead body. ' It is so hot — so hot,! arid sho and the baby nro both on firo,' sho tells them, pathetically glancing from one to the-, other of tho strange men. , And thus they start on that last ten miles, she hushing the dead 'baby to sleep against her breast, and talking incessantly the while.'. ?And now the scene chnnges, nnd nnotlicr ? picture rises up before his : mental gaze: a hospital ward in a little bush town, and a dying woman to whoso sad 'eyes iho light of reason has but lately returned. He is standing besido her bed, tho curtly worded' letter of an English, solicitor iu his hand. Ho is trying to understand — trying to realise ? that )io has nil nt onco become possessed of grent wealth and position, but tho only fact . ho can grasp is thnt fnto hns denlt him the crudest blow of all iii giving him what ho has craved and prnyed for just when too late,— too late. What is wealth and a title to him with his wife dying ! OJi, the bitter, bitter irony oE fate! ' And you will bo Sir Philip — and — nnd live nt the old homo,' the dying womnn whispers, tho light of a great lovo in her. eyes as sho raises them to his faco. And suddenly remembering whnt it menns, nnd thnt it hns come, too Into for her to participnto in, ho falls on his knees bosido her nnd abandons himself to a passion of grief. 'Oh, Girlie, Girlie! don't leave mo ! I ennnot, I. won fc, Jivo without you 1' ho cries in his agony. But tho dying woman only smiles sweetly through her own tears, and whispers words of consolation. Presontly she says again — 'You will ge horiio, Phil, dear, and tako your proper placo in. tho world, and by nnd by — not for. a long ? time, perhaps — you'll— yon'H marry somo good woman, who will mnko you happy, and bo tho mother of your children,' for the old naino must not die out, Phil, dear. ? But you will not forgot me or my poor little babies, and nil wo wont through nnd suffered together. And nftor n littlo whilo longer, Phil dear, you'll como to me, nnd I shnll be wniting and watching on tho other side for you, wniting with our two little ones, Phil, dear. I shall watch over you nlwnys — nlwnys, my dear, ono — nlways — nl — ' Tho loving oyos closed, nnd tlio: womnn who hnd borne- nnd suffered till sho could boar and suffer no longer hnd gono 'to begin her tnsk of wniting nnd watching. Sho had pnssed through tho suburb of ' tho life Elysinn, whoso portal wb cnll death.' Thoro is a blnnk nftor this in tho picture, which his memory ennnot pieco together with any satisfaction. And when next ho scos'him Bclf ho is in bed in tho hospital, ' nnd thoy toll him that ho has been ill almost unto death. But lio recovers, coming back' by slow, stages, from that gateway into the ovorlasling silence, and which ho wBuld so gladly havo ontercd. But fate has willed it otherwise ; his work not ye t finished, nnd until thon no man can-go. * # * # ? # And horo lio is m Ins placo in tho groat world, a grey-headed man' of twonty- oight yenr9 of ago, living nt tho old home, bearing tho old titlo. A rich mnii, ono of ,tho bost matrimonial catches of tho season, but with . a lifo tragedy lying in tho past .behind him. # # ? ? # ' # # His oyos aro fixed upon the moving throng. Ho soos tho bright1 facos and happy smiles of youth and beauty, all eager to 'do him honour. Ho nods to this ono, speaks to that, smiles at Lndy Edith, dances with tho' Honorablo Dora ? , and listens with but half his intolligouca to tho compliments that nro paid him on all sidos, ' '? 'Oh! Sir Philip, you must marry. .It is really, too bad. to soo this boautiful old homo without a mistress. You should hnvo n ciinrm ing wifo to grace tlio' hond of your tublo, and happy laughing children's voicos echoing through thoso' big rooms and p/issngos.' ,Tho. speaker was. n groat friend cf his old uncle's (from whom ho received his 'fortune nnd titlo), a man 'who hns fought for Qucon-nncI country in wild, uncivilized lands, nnd who, nowi in U«o sunsot , of his dnys, can afford to rost on his honours nnd givo ndvico to thoso who nro younger thrm himsolf. ' ? ?. Sir Philip looks nt him critically, nt tho still upright figure, -tho hond only -just beginning to turn groy, nnd involuntnrily ho pnssos his hand through his own' snow-whito locks, and ' tolls himsolf that, thoso guosts of his, thoso butterflies of a social system who always counsel forgolful noss of tho. pnst,' know not his story. Thoy ennnot undorslaud. Ah, no ! ho will never' mnrry again. Tho titlo nnd ostntqs enn go to tho hoir nt lnw, whoovor ho is, or tlio nnnio can dio out for nil ho cares. Ho will novor mnrry, for is his 'heart not buried in tho grnvo with his young wil'o and babios in far-oil Queensland. , # ,?? ?? * ??? ,. »??' ,., ;.. #? .. # Ono day last summer, wlillo wniting for tho conoh to start' from a small and vory prlmltivo township mii North Queonsland,' ,1 wandered aiinlossly into tlio comotory^und amused niyscli! reading the opitnphs upon tlio fow hondntono8 that woro thoro. Among tho,' ttmglo of woods, undorgrowth, and halE wild. flowor« ono vory ?handsomo column attracted my attention, vnntl on its baso Trend : — '? , SAOllKU TO TlilQ 1IKM0HY ov ' .. ,; AMY- LOUISE,.,. \ Aged 22, ; ; \ , . ' ,' .Bo Wd wifo of,' [ ' ? ' . ' Sm . Philip ? '? — , . ' op . , ' '- .Q-;-^ Hall, Surrey, England, llilt wliou tlio nun. In nil lila Ntiilo, , '?, ,- , Ilhunatl the oimorn Hltlon, . ' . ', BIio iinBBOil Mironirli Cllory'u morning (pile,, ' 1 A lid wulltod Iu l'lii'iiillao 