Federation and the Country Press. A CHORUS OK APPROVAL. A TKST 01' 1'UliMC OPINION. A significant feature of tlio Federal cam* paign U the faot that- tho country press is almost wholly in fivor of tho cause of union (says the "Sydney Morning Hoodd.")* For sveeks past Federation has been tho subject of leaders, of letters, . and of contributed articles in the'various Ircal papers from the well-printod news shoots published iu pros* perous country towns, down to tho small quarto publication*, which seo tho light scarcely more than once a week in scattered blstrioi*. The voice of tho couutry press is overwhelmingly in favor of tho adoption of tho proposed constitution. Whatever theory we may held as to the relation ol tho press and the public that state of affairs augurs well for the national cause. IJy some it is hold that the press lead* public opinions. Others hold that it follows it. Nobody contends that it totally disregards public opinion. But whichever of these views lie correct it makes little difference. Whether the pioss leads tho public in this matt or or follows it tho fuct remains that the feeling in favor of the bill, amounting in many placos to enthus iasm, is expressed by tho country journalists of Now Suuih Wales in clear ana emphatic language. Journalists whoso expo*ience is not couijned to tho great journals of big cities, hut who at some in their carecr havo had to perform tho multifarious duties involved in tho production of a local pnper, know that such journals aro a reflex of local opinion particularly upon questions in which the interests of their constituencies aro concerned. If thore woro a placo in New South Wales called Guam, a paper published there would consider how L'odcr* ation or fre*trade, or uny burning question would affect Guam, and in small towns and spaisely populated districts, whoro everybody knows every body, tho publiu feeling is (juiokly uud accurately qrasped. Thus wo iind that the journals of tho tordcr districts, while dis cussing the question from a broad aspect give special emphasis to tho point of view that specially applies to their own circum stances. Thoso districts feel moro than any other the harassing effects of barbarous border duties, and they aro near enough to t ho citizens of the adjoining states to know that they arc pepolo of tho eamo race, and with tho same national characteristics. Tho journals of the border districts aro Btrong advocates of federation because tho peoplo thero know well tho advantages it will confer. But long established couutry papers fur away from border influences aro just as strong in advocating the ncccptanco of the bill. Ouo point brought out is quito different from the arguments used on tho border. U has been pointed out that by means of the preferential rates people living in districts between Sydney and tho border have to pay more for tho cart ioge of their goods thau the pcoplo who livo 100 miles away, and it is pointed out that fodera lion would do away with this anomaly. In fact it is contondcd that by federation tho country would save £.'100,000 a year, which it has to mako up for the shortage in diffor* eutiol ratcH, and it also argued that federa tion would not cost much more than that. It is declared by country journals that whatever bo tho fato of the bill the country will record a hearty vote in its favor. Upon i this question tho country papers havo given some very straight talk. " There is suf ficient voting power in the agricultural and pastoral centres to gain tho day," says one. "The Federal Council has simply proved itself no moro than a ghost of a Federation," saye another, "its 15 years' usclessnoas, combined with its utter wunt of effective power, show that Federation docs not lio that way. Tho road to Federation is straight ahead, wo must turn neither to tho right nor to the left, but vote for the bill and carry it." Another paper says: " Every main objection raised to the Con* ven'ion Hill has been answorcd. . Finding that to be the cate tho oppononts have been resorting to tho raising of bogoys to frighten the people. It is disgusting to see how ready somo people are to sacrifice or projudice tho great cause of Australian uuion over somo tiddlo winking objections which havo to bo sought out us if with a magnifying class." Another local journal says: -It would not only be a waste of time, but the loss of an opportunity which there is no guarantco may occur again, to cast asido all that has been achieved in tho making of a constitu tion already far suporior to any tho world knows, and destined by safe, and gradual amendment to be as pcrfcct as tho wit of freo mcu in a freo community can mako It." Another country editor writes:-"Tho provincialist party is at prcsont making vory desperate efforts to keep afloat by making all sorts of misrepresentations. It is a pity that no kind friend will throw them a lift- buoy." From the borders to the coutrc of tho colonies the country papers, with remark* ably few exceptions, speak in Lho samo spirit. It is a significant fact that tho reports from our correspondents of tho Federation meetings that hive been held io various districts during tho campaign confirm the declarations of so many of tho country papers in favor of the bill, tho ndvoc itcs of union having almost in* . variably been received with enthusiasm. Xo ono whose business or inclination causes him to follow theopinion8 of tho Bmall army of country pipers in Now South Wales can help admitting that this groat question has been discussed by the various writers in a spirit of keen criticiam of its detailsand with broad grasp of its national aspect, leading, with a few peculiar oxceptious, to a strong advocacy of tho acceptance of tho bill. Our country press has advocated this great cause with such remarkable unanimity and with such confidence that wo must cither believe that tho country will give an almost solid 44 yes, " or that our country journal istn, practised as they uro iu feeling the pulse of public opiniou. and with a ipccial knowledge of their own district m, have by a series of unheard-of coincidenccs blundered in a manner unparalleled in the history of any political movement. AT a special meeting of tho Ncwcastlo Miners' Delegate Hoard a resolution was carried iu favour of scouring an iucrcaso iu 1 the selling price of coal and in miners' wacci. Tho miners will seek to meet the | colliery proprietors in confcrenco to discuss i an Increase in wages. Nine of the principal I colliery proprietors aro stated to favour an ! increased selling rate for coal, and in« J i cre&sod; wages. I 