UcHSFOSSe. By "CENTBE." Ttie Premiers Defeated, f ' Notes. There was joy in the u niyorsity cauap on Saturday evening, and good reason was there for elation. The students cbuld not displace the M.<XO, fro position as premiers for the season iw, but by defeating them in two out Of "the three games played they have prorod themselves a bettor team, and so brushed all the gilt off the honor. There is not the slightest doubt that at the -beginning of the season M.C.C. were the better-team, but whilst they have improved only to a slight extent, if at all, Varsity have made wonderful strides, and the way they ,wpn on Saturday by 7 goals to 2 proved them to be now by far the better team, bpufc it miHly, the premiers were not in it. K Russell again proved more than a match for B. Murray, holding him safely all through, and allowed him only abdub two shots at goal during tbe game Sutherland simply waltzed over SholL and when "White, in tbe latter part, changed SboU and Simpson, the last- named met a eimilar fate at the hands of the much-underrated student. C. Wil liams, who has improved more then any other player this season, was one of the most brilliant of the twenty-fpur, and neither White. Sholl, nor Simpson had the ghost of a show with him. Wilson, at " point," was very sure, and Holder at " right defence," has not been seen, to better advantage this season. Alec Wettenhall more than held his own at centre against both Bainsden and White. In the early part of tbe game M.C.C, defence were just able to keep Ahe 'Varsity homes in check, but the frequent attacks on their citadel brought about the inevitable result, and, as the brothers Handheld tired, goal followed goal with rapid frequency. T. Handheld and Rudd provided au interesting struggle, in which the honors were evenly divided. Both C. Handfield and Jacobs had a try at keeping Thorn quiet, but the University light-weight was here, there, and every where to such an extent that his checkers were sorely troubled to know where he was. Jacobs, when checking Tisdnll, left him rather tob much alone, and the 'Varsity "home." being in good form, used his opportunities lo good advantage. Wilmot was scarcely class enough lor Dunne at " right attack.'" and the latter's assistance in getting goals was very material. M.C.C. were without the assistance of O. Murray, who early in the week had the misfortune to fall while practising and break a bone in the back of his hand : but 1 do not think his presence would have altered the scores to any extent, though it would have strengthened their attack considerably Noel Murray played an excellent de fensive game, and just about divided honors with Win grove. The goaltlirowers were — For University, Rudd (2), Tis- dale (2), Win grove (2), aud Dunne ; and for M.C.C., "White and Simpson. Essendon and St. ICilda met on the ground of the latter at St. Hilda, aud when plav ceased St. Hilda were the victors by 7 goals (Wilson 3, Tolrner 2, Hambleton and Mather) to Esscndon's 4 goals, secured by Gay (2). Jones, and Dunne, Essendon were again short of their full strength, and Si. Kilda would have beeu likewise bad they not been ablo to draw on their B team, who had a walk over from M.C.CYs second string. This unsportsmanlike action of the absentees is very disheartening to those who do turn up each week and do the best for tkeir club, even though it is with the certainty of meeting with defeat. These latter are true sportsmen, and too much credit cannot bo giveu them. The in on who eaQDot take defeat in good part should not piny lacrosse at all. Better for himself, his club, and, last, but not least, the game, that lie should never have anything to do with it. In the B division St. Kilda enjoyed A wall; over, M.C.C. deciding to forfeit to tbe junior premiers. Kew, at Grace Park, bad all tbe best of Essendon. the final scores being — Kew, 8 goals (Kitchen 3, Walters 2, Carnegie 2\. and Younger) ; Essendon, 1 goal (Watson). The winners were in splendid form, and well deserved their victory. At Grace pArk a splendidly contested game took place between Auburn and the University Collegians, the termer winning eventually by 4 goals (Brain 2, Marshall 2) to the Collegians 3 goals (Makin, Murray, and Howe). A correspondent, under the name of " Enthusiast asks me to state tbe names of the leading goalthrowers in the B division, and the number of goals thrown by each, also the goals thrown for and against tbe club each represents. The latter I can give easily, but in some eases the club recrel'iries who furnished the reports have omitted to give tbe names of (he throwers of the goals, bat if these officers will now scud me the names of their goalthrowers, and the number thrown by each. I will be only too glad to satisfy " Enthusiast's " wants. On Saturday next U Diversity and Hawthorn play their postponed match at Grace Park, and an interesting contest should result. In both their previous meetings Hawthorn proved victorious, and, should they do so on this occasion, they will be entitled to the honors of " nmners-up whilst, should 'Varsity win, the second honors will go to the students, and Hawthorn will, as last season, occupy third position. The position of the various clubs is now as follows ; — A DTVI&IQy.; lll c i CItto. Jl" £ J | £|j||£| Melbourne C.O. .. 1J » S — 72 j 18 80 University .. ..11 7 3 1 22 j 16 68 . Hawthorn .. .. ti 7 4 — 22 | 14 68 St. Eiida .. ..It 3 7 1 22 I 7 81 Easejidoo .. .. 12 1 11 — S4 ' 2 8 b divisiok. Et. Kilda .. ..113 13 — — 26 26 100 Kew .. .. .. 11 7 3 1 22 16 68 Auburn .. ..I 31 7 3 1 22 36 88 University College I 11 5 6 — 22 10 48 M-C.C 12 4 8 — 24 8 88 . SEsenJoa .. 13 1 12 — 26 2 8- I .. : 