: At the Labor Centre. ... li .'hi/v :! :. ''-??I'' ' 'Lome's Attitude towards , Labor ' .was tt© subject at the Solidarity Club meeting on Tuesday night. The dis cussion was not controversial,; it might have be01* described as all toeing the Lyne,' in a . sense indicative that, the ' party so treated ' might stand and might He for an indefinite period, but not sit. ; Mr. Lamond said .some tw;o years ago, in - the Cowra electorate, Mr. Lyne claimed to, be one of the most liberal ,'minded. men in the province, and full of desire ( to benefit the , workingman. On that occasion the Opposition, policy was to prevent the Labor Party from having the best of the argument by trying to ' go one better,' and some of their speeches on such subjects as land value taxation and taxation of the rich were of the most extreme character. Since then the Opposition had changed ; to the ex treme' 'of ? Conservatism, and ? it became important for the workers — including the Protectionist workers — to consider whether . they could follow, a man who, while advocating a tariff policy, that some regarded: as favorable to Labor, made his chief plank the abolition of the taxa tion of the rich. Mr. Traill had; been compelled to tell Mr. Lyne, what the. Labor Party had been telling him all along; and, without expressing any opinion on Mr. Lyne's tariff views, he asked was he to ,be trusted with the leadership of any party in a democratic community? Judging him by the com pany he kept, the idea that he could be was political madness. Whilst there was just a chance that before the election there might be some other leader, of the Protectionist party, there was meanwhile no option for any democrat. . Mr. Hepher pointed out that at . the Protestant Hall recently Mr. See utterly denounced the income tax, yet only a few years ago he had introduced an income tax measure far more drastic than that now in operation, and carried it in the Assembly, though it was thrown out by the Council. It was easily seen that the question with the Opposition was simply one ' of getting office. ? They referred sneeringly to the Bogan scrub, and what they called Tucker Hill; now . whilst those things were not good they were, as things went, better than nothing, and' certainly no worse than a week's work in three at Shea's Creek, or the Exhibition Building night shelter. The people who' had applauded Messrs. Lyne and See . at the Protestant Hall should have re membered the Broken Hill strike. No men w.ere . better , deserving of their re- . numeration . than these miners ? whose, occupation was so unhealthy, arid when they were only trying to resist a reduc tion the then Government — Mr. Lyne's , party— hastened to send ; troops against them and throw them into jail. , Then again there was a dispute in the boot trade, arid for sirdply endeavoring to interview some meri arriving by. boat, Unionists were arrested. Mr. M' Garry said if with the Opposi tion protection meant that when a duty was put on to protect an industry there should be provisions enforced for em ploying so many men and for proper wages and conditions of Labor, or even if it only meant a prohibitive tariff, he would be to some extent ' inclined to support them; but they only aimed at shifting the land and income taxes and at having such Customs duties as would not prevent foreign goods 'being imported! He thought the bank people would hardly have dared to propose the in ? justices ' of the bank reconstructions unless the matter had been ' previously arranged with a sympathetic1 Govern ment. He was .especially grieved to find some Irishriien, whose countiy had suf fered .so much If rom and struggled so much against land monopoly, supporting the Lyne party , who aimed at building up the landlord system here. Six months previously to the Broken Hill strike, one of the persons interested in the mines had stated at a dinner that the only hope of reducing wages lay in, the fact that the .Dibbs Government was in power. The same Government was also in . favor of selling the State railways, and only re frained for fear .of the Civil Service vote. Mr. Andrews said it was not so much a matter of Freefcrade or Protection, or even of the land and , income taxation, as of the fact that , the Lyne party was practically the former Dibbs Government, which, had in the : most savage and un , scrupulous way ', persecuted : everybody engaged in the; advocacy of advanced ideas or in Labor organizations, and, to furnish pretexts, spent £20, 000, in a year on secret service agents, many of whom 'put up !' acts of. violence, or in the most criminal way -.concocted bogus cases. Dibbs went to England and had a con versation on Australian Labor matters — the exact purport pf which was . kept secret— with financiers there, who were more or loss conriected:with the ring of Panama swindlers to whom, in France, had been sheeted home 'ther' outrages ' and 'plots' that had been made the .pretext for a reign of terror there, and as soon as he came back they had an out break of the same thing in both countries. If the same gang, again got control of the police and military for their own pur-; poses the public peace would be im perilled. : Mr. Hendry said Mr. Ljne was en deavoring to do the very thing the Labor Party were absolutely opposed to, , viz., strengthening the Upper House by as similating it to that of Victoria, and was also urging the establishment of political privilege by conferring on men in the country a larger, political power than those in the, city. Mr. Lyne called himself a Protectionist, but what class did he intend to protect ? The wealthy, by taking taxation off them. Mr.. Lyne was opposed to cheap goods — which could be understood, as he was a member of the Chamber of Manufacturers, who natur ally wanted high prices ; but he did not display any pressing anxiety to prevent cheap labor. Mr. Lyne's party when in office very eagerly gave a pipe manufac turing contract to Pope, Maher and Co., but when, immediately after, that firm set about reducing wages, it did not appear to trouble the then Government at all. Mr! Lyne was opposed to the State doing what even the Conservatives in England agreed it ought to, and if placed in power would, it Was to , be feared, with the aid of the Upper House, pass measures to constitutionally deprive the workers of the little liberty they had ; the railways would probably be sold to private syndicates, ' and . the moriopoly- creating land grant system for railway construction be adopted. . . Mr. . Lamond, in reply, said from : the, first appearance oi the Labor Party it Was only a matter of time for the electors to be divided, riot into two fiscal camps, but into .progressives and conservatives or reactionaries. , Mr. Reid by going ?. ahead a little had put Mr. Lyne in the position, of having ^either to go further or to oppose progress and insist on . that already made being undone. Mr. Lyne's particular mission at next election was to preach the glorious principles of Botany Bay, and the doctrine that the people in the province existed only for the pleasure of the boss. There was not the ghost of a hope for such a party if it avowed itself straight out, consequently it had to associate with its policy some cry that had been used by the naasses previously, arid that of ' Protection ! ' was picked upon. The 'protection' that the i Lyne party intended was to shackle more securely than at present the industries - of the colony, and secure still more firmly ithe profits of those industries to the few. The plebiscite would settle the fiscal issue, and the electors should settle' the pretensions of Mr. L3tio. 