A DOCTOR'S STORY. We were three friends very, comfort ably domiciled la a hItirIo suite of rooms 'on D- — street, In near vicinity to the iL— — Medical College, which we at tended. One of us was Hollander a gentle- manly, handsome- youth, of too tender a nature for a doctor, we thought, but a Very accomplished fellow in his studies, nevertheless. The second of our trio wan a thick- tongucd, red-faced Russian, whose fierce ty<. shadeti by long laahes, gave an Impression of evil always dispelled when his white teeth and good nature were revealed In a very pleasant smile. He was remarkably arduous In his pursuit Of knowledge, and sometimes scrupled not to resort to questionable means, which were U-t rayed to us by his muddy boots and clothing when he re-appeared after a night-long absence, Introvert! end unquestioned. As foT myself, let It suffice to say that although my fortune was meagre my heart was light, and ignorant of any graver can? than the preparation for to morrow's recitations. While Hollander whs studying, and the Russian experi menting. I am afraid I wius too often found perusing some light love-tale or thrumming my guitar. My idle spirit was as deaf to Hollander's friendly ad monitions as to the Russian's grunts of scornful dlsapprolMitlon. Hut the tranquil tenor of my life waa abruptly terminated by a disturbing In fluence T had never anticipated, when one fine afternoon I fell In love with Es- telle Orayton. To end the tale of my enthralment in the fewest words, I availed myself of many opportunities for meeting the fair Jhttelle, and In no long time the Influ ence of a passionate, abiding attach ment Infiltrated my entire Ittlng, and was not, r felt assured, unreciprocated, I was little disturbed by my friend Hollander's good-natured raillery, but I felt so sharply nettled under the Rus sian's coarse banter, that I would often rotnrt In the bitterest terms, and appear go distressed that the twinkle In Hol lander's eyes gave place to a look of sympathy and reproof, by which the Russian was awed into silence. At this Juncture of my affairs I re turned ojic evening from my accustomed visit In a most forlorn and wretched mood. Estelfo was 111. I could learn 'nothing more from the servant than that she was delirious; and. though tor mented by an Insatiable thirst, she suf fered the severest spasms at the mere sight of water. I stood for an hour or more wptchln'g the shadows which passed across the curtains of her cham ber window, like clouds acros3 the bright firmament of my happiness. The next evening I learned that she had- l>cen taken away for more skilful treatment of a disorder which 'threatened her -life: whither, the ser vant, who was our sole confidant, was uncertain, and apparently without any good reason for her belief that It waa to France. - 1 was Inconsolable and fret- ful-.y Intolerant of the kindly efforts of my two friends to Interest me In new researches and experiments. The lec ture-room, the dissecting-room, the hos pitals,' even the theatre, presented no 'allurement of my grlef-strleken spirit. I wandered the streets during the day time, and at night I haunted the home .of my beloved one, hungering for the merr-i>L scraps of news concerning her. 1 suppose I showed so severe effects of . my anxiety In my pale face and sunken eyes that f really alarmed my friend. Hollander, who finally Insisted upon a change 'of scene and air, and accom panied me to a quiet watering-place near ,Iy— — ; where we remained a week, A lover's solicitude for his sick mistress is not to be cured by sulphur baths and draughts of brackish mineral water.and and it wns with this conviction that we returned to our lodgings In 13 street at the end of the aforesaid time. We found our friend, tlie Russian, In nothing more Interested than In the ' analysis of a mad dog's brain. Nothing was wanting to complete Ids happiness, he raid, but a human brain similarly affected with which to compare the canine's. Hollander became Immediate ly Interested In this experiment, which promised novel discoveries and develop ments. . They vainly sought to Interest me In their theories. What was a mad dog's brain to me? My own was mad onaugh. Fired with youthful ardor, nrvl the true student's yearning for a deeper understanding of n puzzling proposition, my friends searched the wards of seve ral of the large city hospitals, and re turned on the evening of the following day elated by several discoveries. The enses represented the different phones anl stages of the disease, but their Inte rest lu> chiefly In a single cose In the Q Hospital. Their patient was a beautiful young girl, they told me, whose young life must soon succumb to the dreadful malady. The Russian's only sorrow arose from Iho fact that her friends would probably never permit her beautiful person to lie upon the dinsect- ing-ttiblc. -If she were only ugly, or 'friendless, or bid, what great benefits 'wbuid riccrue' to science from her mis fortune. ' ' I On the morning aftor ' the funeral of the' unhappy -girl,' 'Hollander so artfully united the interests of the fair patient and her, malady that I became deeply attentive to his cltibldntlon of his theory Of the disease; TTe dwelt so long upon the special Importance of direct com parison between the human and the cnnlno'brnln In the study of the dis temper. that 1 soon perceived him to have become familiarised wtth the idea of a certain huzarhous, hideously repul sive project, which the Russian had. doubtless, proposed to him long before, lie ended his discourse with a direct proposal of the venture, for which I wns . not unprepared. His strong Influence over me, the stronger tecnuse hitherto ' only exerted for my good, together with a wild. notion of sport, and a mad desire to forget for a lime the pain In my heart, availed to win mo to partako In the venture. It was left to the Russian to moke all needful preparations, and nt midnight we set forth fully equipped for the work before us. Wo threaded u wearisome maze of deserted, echoing streets, and near the end of half.an hour, approach ed u little chapel, which .stood beforo 'a gloomy, Hltent churchyard. Already I had more thah.ohce repented of rny rash participation In the affair, "and 1 would now have abandoned It had I not feared the Russian's taunts and .Hollander's contempt. The former now lighted a lantern, and led. the way from the street through a gate Into the churchyard, and along a path between the graves. After a long search he paused beside a mound of fresh-turned enrth, and pointed to a wreath which his own hands had laid upon Itns a mark of Its Identity. "This Is the grave," he said. "Walt here; I will return soon." He disappeared, and left us standing there in thoroughly tyrotclied, but somewhat consolatory, companionship. I drew near to Hollander, and gazed fearfully about me in the gloom. The deep shades seemed to mask all' familiar shapes In ghostly covers. Old tonib- Wones, blackened and stained by many yours' exposure, and overgrown with tnoas, peered out from dark retreats, or, seeming weary with long standing, sought to Incline themselves to restful attitudes. For a moment the moon broke through a cloud, and Uio dancing, quivering shadows beneath my feet ap peared the phantoms of that life with Which the fertile grove In the daytime tnust have teemed. , After a few momenta the Russian re- appeared, bringing a pick and two spades, which- he had procured bit an outhouse near the chapel. He handed us the spades, and. ralfdng the pick, burled It In the mound - with a thud which sent a thrill of horror through "Wo must work hard," he said. "It Is now one o'clock." They had made considerable pro gress In the work of exhumation before I felt able to assist. When we had reached a depth of three or four feet the Russian suggested that I should remain outside and act as guard. I gladly acquiesced, and, with whatever consequence to my weakened nerves, would have rejoiced to have had any reason to alarm them from achieving that hideous purpose. After the labor of a half- hour we heard the thud of the pick upon the wood of the box enclosing the coflln. In a few minutes the lost shovelful of earth was thrown out, and the lids of the box and coflln removed. At the Russian's request I handed down to him the dark lantern, also a covered vessel and case of surgical Instruments which he had brought, and then, nearly faint ing, I retired out of view of the opera tion. StlU. by some strange fascination, I held my eyes fixed upon the open grave, which appeared like & lighted window In the abode of ghosts. A moment afterwards I heard again the Russian's voice. "Pass down those gloveft In my coat pocket," It said, and added. In a lower tone to Hollander, "She wan a beautiful girl. What hair! What features!" I approached the grove, and. in some curiosity, aroused by the last remark, I stooped to gaze on the pallid face In the coflln. With one wild shriek 1 start ed back, and felt. "Oh, what Is this? My God! Estelte! En telle!" Instantly I felt a rough hand upon my mouth, and faintly heard the Russian's muttered curse and admonition, "Be still, you fool! or " A long period of unconsclou&nem; fal lowed, from which I was revived by feeling a glass of water at my lips, and I opened my eyes upon the familiar furniture of my room, whither my two friends, with untold effort, had carried me from the scene of our unfinished enterprise. For months afterwards I wan intoler ably distressed by the mere thought of that night's revelation. Rut It wrought a salutary change In my habits, and made, of me the semblance of a man.— "West Lothian Courier." 