CHAPTER XXVIII. | TUB CHEVALIER DE MAISON ROUGE. Muurice hastened to. return to the see- , tion to enter a complaint against Simon. It is true that before quitting Maurice Louitf had found-a more expeditious waiy; tliia was to collect Homo Thermopyles to lie.'in wait lor him and kill -him in a pitched battle. But Maurice' was stren uously opposed to this plan. "You are ruined," said he, "if you make iise of these moans.' Crujali' Simon, but <lo 'it. legally. That ought to bo an easy .thing enough to the lawyers." Consequently, .the next raorniug, Maur ice lafd a formal complaint before 'tlut! ecction, but was both astonished and an noyed when tlio president turned a defif car, excusing himself by s/iying he could not interfere between two good citizens, each (incited by the love of country. "Good!" said Maurice. "I know now how to act to merit the reputation of a fiood citizen. To assemble tho people andsto assassinate a man who displeases you: .this you call being 'incited by love of country.' Well, • I return to Louis' opinion, wliifeh I was wrong to dispute. After to-day, aH you lien/r, I shall'adopt . patriotism, and shall firat experimenta lize upon Simon." "Citizen Maurico," aaid the president, "you are, after all, 'perhaps more .'-to blame in this affair than Simon. He lifts ' discovered a conspiracy, which it was not his "province to do so. You have, seen nothing, although the.discovery "formed part ;of your duty; and more, you .have held fcraininunication, accidentally or in- - tentioually, we know not which, with the enemies of tho nation." "17" said Maurice. „Well, this is "alas!" said he, this cause is, then, accuksed. y Bomotlnng 'new. And with whom, prn(y, - :Citizen President;?" ' \- "With the Citizen Maison Rouge." "I?'' said Maurice, etupified. "I toad communication with the : Chevalier do Muison Itouge ? I do not ovon. know him —I mevor—" ^ "You .have boon speaking to him." "IV" ' "To shake his hand.'" "I?" ' i .. ."Yes.", : "Where ? •when CitiBon President?" said Maurice, carried awn;y by the firm con viction if his own innocenco. "You have lied." . "Your zea.l for, your country carries you too fur,' Citizen MnuviCo," said tho president, "and you.will regret what you have said, when I tell you I can prove wlia.t I say to you bo true. I liu.vo advanced nothing but the truth. Here, aro threo different reports accusing you." ."■■■. . ' - ■ "Now," said Maurice, "do you really think me. simple enough to believe'"in your 'Chovajior do liaison Rougo'?" "And why should you not believo it?" "Beiiiaiiso it is only tho. ghost of a conspirator, with whom you always luivo a conspiracy ready to amuse your ene mies.'" ' "Read the denunciations." • "I will read nothing,1" said Maurico. "I protest I havenever aeon tho chnvd iiur—uovor spoken to Jmn. J_,ct any one who doubts my word of honor coini1) mid toll mo so. I ahull know how to answor him." Tlio president sliruggod his shoulders. Maurice, who did not wish to bo in ar rears with any one, did the same. An air oT gloomy silenco pervaded tho remain dor of tho sitting. After tlio mooting was concliuded, tlio president, a stanch pat riot, raised to tho highest rank in tlio district by tho votes of his fellow-citi zens, approached Maurico,- n^nd said: "Come, MaUnco, I wujit to speak to you." Manriee followed tho, president, who ponductod him into, a little cabinet con • tiguous to that, whero the sittings wore . hold. On arriving thore ho regarded Mn(u rico for a momuut in silence, thou, pltus ing his hand on his,shoulder: . ."(Maurice,"v.said liek "I law and es teemed your fatlior; this mukos 1110 es teem'-and lovo you. Deliovo mo, you in cur great danger from want of faith— tho first falling of a truly revolutionary spirit. .Maurico, my. friend, they who lojst their faith also lose- their fidelity. Von do not boliovo in tho enemies of tho nation, thoreforo you piuss near without Booing them, and bccomo the iiiHtruimj'nt in their plots without being awaro of it,"'. ' • . .. ■ "What tlio dovil!" Said Maurice. "1 know, citizon, that T am a 'man of feeling,, and possess some jjlinre 'of-patriotic, zeal, but my zeal does not render mo a fana tic, There ure twenty protended con spiracies, to which the public assign the same name. J demand to face luy accu se'r." ... "You will not believe in the conspira- . tor, .Maurice," «ai(l the president; "then, toll,me, tip you beiievo in tho veil carnii tioiis lor'which H'eloiso Tisou was yester day guillotined V .Maurice started., "Do you believe in tho subterranean pasoftge-'-undor the tomplo garden, com municating from- tho collar. oE. tho Cito-. ■yenno pluinoau to a certain liouso in La *Uuc' do -3ft' Corderio V'" "No," isaifl Maurice. • "Tiicn';.dq as Thomas tho Apostle. did-r 'Go and' see.' " ' "I am not oil guard at: the teinplo, and they -.would''-'not- allow.-me: to enter . there." — "Any one may enter tho temple now.'''. ."How.is that , • 1 : "llead: the report, since yon aro so in Credjulous'. I shall only proceed by offi cial ■information'.",. "Well;" said . Maurice, reading tlie re-, port, "this is tho point." ' "Continue." ■ ■ - . "They have transported the queen to the eoitciergorie!" cried Maurice. "Do you think that from ft dream, or what yon .'call an imaginary idea, or an idle story. the Committee of public Safety would have adopted so, gravo a meas ure ?" "This .measure line been adopted, but will never be executed, like many more *1 Have 'seen, an'l all—" ".Bead: .to tlip'eiul," said the presidpntt: and lie oprcscnted -.hini with .the last pa per.-. -riio receipt of Richard, the jailor of the conceigerie," cried Mauricej'Vhe had been there these, two Hours."/ /. . • 1 his tiino Maurice remaiued' deep in .tlio.uguti •■■••I "The Commune,as you know," con tinued the-president, "acts : with pro^i found judgment. It is .digging a furrow';, long and straight.-iu its course; its meas ures; are not puerile, and it has put. in execution the principle of Cromwell: "It is not necessary to strike the king except upon the head.' I load this secret note from-the minister of the police;" Maurice read: .. . / : : . "Seeing that we .possess the certainty that the ci-devant Chevalier de. Maison Rouge is iii Paris—that he has'been in several places—that' he: lias'left traces of his appearance in .various plots, hap-, pilj frustrated, I request all chiefs of the different sections to redouble their vigi lance—" ' ' ' ' . "Well ?" said the president."; "['must believe this," said Maurice; and he. continued;:. "Dehpription of the Clievalier de Maison Rouge. In height, five feet three'inches, fair hnir. blue eyes,' straight nose, choat rtut-colored beard, dimpled chin, soft voice and liands like'a female's." At this .description a strange light burst upon Maurice; he thought of the O o'uiig man who commanded the troon of Mriscadins, and who, on the preccdiig evening, saved the lives of himself and Louis, and jso valiantly drew his sword upon the (Marsoillais in their defense. j "Mordiou!" exclaimed Maurice, "it must be lie; in that case, the denomina tion would not be false. I spoke to him, • but I can not remember taking his hand." ' "Maurice," said the president, "what do you'say to all this now, mou ami?" "That I ibelievo it," said Maurice, mus- • ing sadly, who, for some time past, with out un'dei-standi rig what evil influence' saddened his life, had notified everything darkening around liim. "Do not jest thus with popularity,'" Raid' the pi'esident. "In tlic.se days, Mauricp,. popularity is life. As Jor umpopularity, it is (to be suspected of treason, and the Citizen,..-Maurice Lindey; ought not even to be. suspected.or .being, a traitor." . Maurice hail nothing to reply to senti ments so lunch iiuiiecordauco with his .own. He thanked jiis old friend and quit ted the section.-' - ' T "Ah!" murmured lie,' "there 5a too much suspicion- and skirmishing. Now," drawi ng;a itteep breath, "now for. peace, innocehcoj and joy—now to' Genevieve." " And .Maurice 'tbok tlie road to tlio Old Rue St." Jacques.' .'..When-'he reached the abodo of tho mas ter tanner, Dixmer and Morand wore sup porting Genevieve. who was suffering from a (violent attack of hysterics, Thus, instead of ontoring iinoeremouiously, ns lie was accustomed to do, a servant) met him in the passage. i •; "Announce me," saiu no, "ana if uis mcr can not eoineiiiehtly receive mc, I will 'retire." The domestic entered the little pavilion, winlo Maurice remained- in .the garden. It Seemed to him that something ati- nm;e was going on' in tho house, "and the work men, instead iof being occupied in their usual j'niplryirient, -were walking listless ly about the garden. At length, Dixtner himself appeared. ,; '.'Come in 'dear Maurice," said lie; "come in .yon are not one of those against whom • the door is closed."' ( ' ; "What is tho matter 7" inquired tho 5'oung man. • "Getiovieve is ill," said Dixmer; "in deed more than ill—she is delirious." "Ah. moil Pieui" cried the young inan, 'ovoi'Combat again encountering trial and eufWring. "AViiat, then, 5s ' the matter with her ?" . "You are ("aware, mon clior," said Dix mer,_ "one never knows anything co:i .'corning;| the illness of women, .especially their husbands."' Genevieve wns lying down on achaiso loungo- near lier stood Mo rand, offering lier womo salts, which she suiellod occa sionally. ' ■"Well ?" eaW: Dixmer. ^ "Always the same thing," replied Mor owl. . "Ileloiso! iloloise!" murmured ' tho young w email, from between lior closed -teeth and wliito lips. "■ "Heloise!" repeated Maurice, in much surprise. • - .Moil Dien! yes." repKeil'Dixmer, quick ly; "Genevieve anost unfortunately .;u\v the cart pass convening t.lio unhappy girl to , Uie.itjcaffoUi. Sinco tlieu she lias had five or six attacks.of.. hysterics, and • keeps' mi "c<?ntiniiH.Hy calling upon He loitse. Mint the most astonishing thing of all ;s Ihr.l in her sho recognized, the girl v/no fsoiu tiie carnations, which you al ready know about," said Mo rand. ' "Cwtninljy I 'do lnuvw," said Mtuirip-o., • "when, they .barely failed of cutting my throat."'; "Al;! ire jliavo heard all that, dear Maurice, and believe me, wc have not been slightly. alarmed; but Moraud was at the sitting, and saw you fully acquit ted nnd liberated." '"Silence i" said Maurico; "slio agaiii speaks." "Oh;those empty, unintelligible words!" said Dixmer. "Maurice," murmured Genevieve;41 they are going ;to kill Maurico. To him, che valier—to Jiiml" A profound silenco Fol lowed these .words. "Maison ltougei" again nuirimired Genevievo, "Maieon Kongo!" .Maurice felt a slight suspicion, but ho co\ild make out nothing clearly, and was too much affected liy the suffering of Genevievo to comment much upon her ■words. "Have you called in a physician?" do-1 innnded ,Maurice. "Oh! it -will -prove nothing," said Dix mer: "a slight delusion, that is all." And lie shook his wife, so violently by tile arm that sho. revived, and, uttering a thrill cry, opened her' eyes, which till now had remained closed. "Ah, you are both here, and 'Maurice with; you. Oh, I am so glad to hcg yon. lnon- ami: if you kiioivi that 1 have—".sihe corrected herself—"what wo have suf fered Tor the last two days." "Yes, wo a'ro all lioro," said Mauricie; "have no more torror on that account. But there is one miiino abovo all othors, you must not accustom" 