NACAMBIE POLICE COURT. 0 FRIDAY, AOODST 20. (Before Mr Morriaon. P.M.. and Mr W. Miller, J.I'.) Mary HO.™ » ^Howieming insulting words in a public place on ' 3th M Ju „ y -m. Mr Morriaay for complainant; Mr Bromfield Complainant for defendant. deposed .... that 'he , employed as WaitroM«nd ^arm»m«iN= Volley hotel, a n d " I Mr Ho w i" Onthed ale named defendant came into the bar parlor after her huaband rtiuck him on the bead, and aa.d-" W hat are you pulling about a <1 bitch and trollop like that; when witneja leaving the room Howie caught he, by the sleeve; never ipoke to defendant at all; t oe was in the room, and Leyden and G. Dolphin at t h BS ,C M?°Bromfie',d-Thooght defendant rather impertinent when witness was not in fault: Howie never sairt what a fine pair they would make to keep an hotel; left Howie'a becauae there was nothing doing; she gave a week'a notioe, but Howie paid her off because ehe went to apeak to a gentleman ; Howie never had hu irm on her shoulder or made love to her; said to Howie. "stop, you wretch, you aie tearing my sleevca; Howie was pulling her back ioto the room when defendant appeared and made nae of the language; never sent defendant any message by Lacy; knew a man lamed Watson, never opened his lettera, nor did defendant complain, had no reference when she left Howies the last time; was inclined to sue defendant for defamation of character, but never told two persons she would give them half the amount if they stuck to her! never bad a false key tor the bar when she worked at Howie's; Mr Dolphin wai aervmg some drinks in tho dioingroom. , To.Mr Morrissy—Had no doubt tho words were usod. . . . . . . Oliver Dolphin said that he was talking to three gentlemen in the diningroom; deten. dant told her huaband to oome out and naked him what he meant by leaving his wife for a bitch like that dirty trollop. By Mr Bromfield—He supposed the language was used near the door of the bar parlor; knew defendant's voice; never had any conversation with complainant, and did not know action had been taken until* week later; expected to hear something uhen defendant oamo in; kept away from the bar parlor ao as not to come in contact with Howie; did not go to see what was happening; the language was strong and altogether unsuitable to the occasion; never adviaed complainant to take action for 460 d "jo*fnLeydeo deposed that he was in the back yard with Dolphin jun, and when he heard the row ran round to the front; as de- fendant came out heard her ssy she is nothing else hue a biteh and a dirty trollop. By Mr Bromfield—Never aaw Dolphin sen. or complainant, aud defendant never mentioned auy name; saw no one elss in view; Dolphin jon. did cot appeal until defendant was going past the lane: never apoke to anyone about the case oxcept Mr Morrisay; never aaw Coe, complainant, or Howie at the time the words alleged were Geoffrey Dolphin ssw defendant coming down tbeir veiandah with a ohild and heard her aay d hitch in the street. . By Mr Bromfield—Defendant was talking to herself, hut lond enough for him to hear; •he did not use the words to him nor anyoue elae that be could aee; he ves coming out of the laoe when he heard the words; leydfcn told bim two or three days afterwards what be had heard; witness informed complainant where he heard tbe words. Defendant deposed she went to Dolphin'* for lier little girl, and saw her huaband with his arms round complainant; smacked him iu tbe face and aakeil him what be waa doing; complainant commenced to laugh; eaid the words bitch and trollop to l.txaelf when coming out in the paaaage; [there was 110 one about and ahe never used tbe words to complainant. By Mr Morrissey—Could not say who she was referring to when she uted the words; neveruiddamn; conld not say if her husband waa dniuk or tuber, or if be only had complainant by the sleeve; they bad their •rau round one another; heard oomplainant eay her huaband bad her by the sleeve, and Would not swear that waa not the position; uied the words bitch and trollop to herself and did not see Dolphin juu. or Leyden; (t was not a fact she was so excited that ahe did not know what ehe said; never aaid to bar husband—" Come bone ont of this; she complainant) is only a d bitch and trollop. Levy Coe deposed Howie and he had soma drinks in tiie parlor, and Howie remarked that if he was not married he could get on very wall widi complainant; the tatter waa resent and conld have heard it; Howie had Eia arms round complainant's shoulders; defendant tend her husband's ear* in the pisaage; never heard beraay come home ont of this, complainant ia only ad bitoh and dirty trollop; they all bad a jolly good laugh over the incident; complainant never tumplainel to them about the words, and did not seem offended. By Ur Morrissy—'there might have been m lot of words used he did not hear; would not swear the words wen not used because fas did not remember. Mr Morrison, P.M., said the charge had bias proved, and defendant would be fined 10i, with 23a 6d ooeta, in default.2t hours' imprisonment; execution stayed lor one . weak; ........ -i • Nellie Lang v John Soanlan, illegal detention o! property ntae«SMs«d Mr Coy tor oomplainan t; Mr Morrissy for defendant. » ^Complainant deposed that defendant bad mads hera present of mnetol: the articles .. i'iisjlojijc t Wmhi M r beatoryi Defendant deposed he should know complainant to liii torrow: he never reoived auy demaud for the goods, and tlie never gave him a lilt of aiticlea ehe'altegcd ho* Ponged to her; he made her certain presents conditionally that alio kept houee aud was a faithful woman 10 him, lot did not comply with the conditions; he had to wash his own ahirt and sox. By Mr Coy—She promised to look after the fowls, turkeys and gecke; had not xcrn any of the propmiy since June; there was a email p» in ting and some scraps of paper in the box, but lie did not ace any „„,nuicript; threw some clothing aud paint. nigs c of tlie box, . and would have throw,. complainant out of the box if she hod been iu it; remembered taking complainant's purse containing tho aigoet ring which l.o threw away; rhe wore tho hat he bought her, alro on umbrella, which lie took, and also threw away; complainant had viaitcd his place frequently since 11th May; ilefcnfendant subsequently admitted giving the ring to a friend of his. To the P.M.—llad possession of none of the aiticles named in the summnna. Caao dismissed; complainant to pay 21B coats. W. F. M'Kamara, Crown lands bailiff, v Louik Juallina aud D.imiuico Deiladora, unlawfully remuving bark from Crown landa on or about 9th June. Mr Coy for complainant. Defendants were fined 10s each, with 10a coats. Bobert Hon v Daniel Aheru, unlawful assault. .. .. Mr Bromfield for complainant; Mr Mor. riaay for defendant. Complainant deposed he was licensee of tho ttoyal Mail hotel, and remembered Sunday week; he was silting in the parlor with his hands in Ilia pocket Ulking to a man named M'Gorlick; defendant came in with Patrick Linehao and ConMoinasy (batcher) the first intimation he got was a amack in the jaw from Ahern; said "Caeiara ghost, this is too rough," got up, and defendant then pulled his nose; then ordered them to clear ont. _ . . By Mr Morrissy—Was not aware of in. dulging in a little horse play at times with defendant, hot remembccd tbe latter putting him up a verandah post; did not boaat of hia athletic feaU; had known defendant for a long time, and as far as he knew they had beeu good friends; defendant hit him when he waa aittiug down; met him since and had drinks together; thought the assault serious: never put his hands up to defendant nor did be say that he would "jump his guts out;" if Morrisay and Linehan eworebe said eo it would be untrue; to tbe best of Ins belief defendant never stopped him from chasing Du Feu's docks on one oecasion, neither did defendant twiit liim about occaaionally; told defendant he had no vindictive feeling and if he aaid he was sorry there would bo no more about it; he would not have settled the case thst day without an * l To 8I (ir Bromfield — If defendant had there would hare been no more Defendant deposed he had known complainant for some time, and on the dsy in question went up to him in tbe usual manner to catch hold of him; aaid " come on Bob, give us a drink; complainant said stand back, you're too rough; never pulled complainant's nose; Morrissy, Linehan, and Howie'a groom were also present; then went out, never had any drink; complainants evidence that he strook him when sitting down waa not true, and it was also false that ha etraok complainant directly he went in; told complainant he had done nothing to apologise for. By Mr Bromfield—Did not pnll complainant's noae or hit him in the faoe; went out because Howie took it badly the way he went into the room; thought M'Gorlick followed him out; did not think ho was a goad man wilh his fists, and never approached oomplainant to settle; never went with bis aolioitor and some other persons to speak about tbe case; oamo in as he always did; never caught hold ol him on that occasion, but had previously; had been to complainant', .inc. with Liuehan.aod the latter never taunted h>m with selling on Sunday; no one eeia it in bis presence; never asked complainant if he sold liquor on Sundays or insinuate that be would be prosecuted if he went on; M'Gorlick had no reason to take Howie'a part. . To Mr Morriasy—Had dnnks in the diningroom last Sunday, and complainant was moat friendly. Cornelius Morrissy, butcher, deposed he _ent into tbe bar parlor with defendant, Linehao, and oomplainant a groom; complainant and two others wow P"*"" 1 ! deendaut went over to complainant, who put up bis bands, sod refused to give them any d *BvMr Bromfield—Saw M'Gorlick and Howie sitting down; both complainant and defendant hail their bands up snarnnK, but could not swear if they touched each other nor who bit hardest; aa far as to could see they were larking, w hia knowledge defMdant never touohed oomplainant, but he may have done to without bim aeemg. To the P.M.—Hb would not swear there as no noae-pulling; he was looking at a ^TKtirick Linchan dap sitting on a chsir whi~ —, _ fendant said how are you old' man, and complainant replied none of that; latter aaid be would jump defendant's guts outrnever aaw anything he would csllan assault. By Mr Bromfield—Would i)ot sw»r defendant never touohed ooaipUinaot, bnt he did not amack him in the laoe.or pull his nose In wi toeaa'presence, and hei wss there ftU the time; defendant never 4id anything to complainant while be wasi there; could not make aense out «( what defendant was aavlnc, and M'Gorlick was not in his proper senses; if Utter said defendant railed oompUioent'a noes it would be false; Wltieu saw everything that ooourred; did not beloog nor ever heard ot the Linehan-Morriaay push, he waa "on his Ant" told Howie In Uie nursery.there was no reasou to kiok up a ahioe, but never mentioned Sunday, tradi^ a. man, named Thomas was pissest on day ot the alleged "Sbe^Benoh founS that an assault had been ooomitted, and defendant, who admitted * pranoua oonviotion, was fined JOs, with 88s «d oosta, ln defsult 2i boura* im priaoament. " • nountWthlSi.costs^; John^Uatheato T John Dawson, gooda, IBs <Mer for amoun*. less 45s since. "l, withftSfO^als.—$aoe,*>Jaa, ^bitfordi Prderforamountt^aimrfiin.^.iOaae. ? 