L{HE: SlDMIYSO BY ROMA WHITE. OCHAPTER '.L 'The landlady came hurrying from the kit chen, and her husband had to tell .her that the fishermen had" gone oiut even before he repeated Hunmphrey's orders. She lifted her hands, :at theu news, with a gesture of des pair. "Poor souls-poor souls! They'll never live in you sea." *" Th'ey are line men," said Humphrey. " Aye,.fine indeedi" echoed the landlady with some emotion. She took Humphrey and Esther to a clean but somewhlit dreary parlour upstairs, with a bedroom adjoining it. There she lit two candles; -which guttered dismally in the draught; and then engaged in an explosive encounter with a spluttering fire. The wind drove the smoke in frequent spouts down the chimney, whence it oozed slowly, a blue ghostlike presnce, into the room. Esther, l however, sat down beside the hearth, and flung her wraps on the table. Slhe had an ap preliensive- shuddering feeling, as if some great disaster were about to overwhelm the world. The landlady went downstairs again, and Humphrey looked discontentedly about the room. It was bare and comfortless, with faded curtains and white-washed walls. The smoky fire iuade his eyes smart, an-l yielded a melancholy pale flicker to the hearth. The open bedroom door increased the universal draughtiness, and lie shut and bolted it be Yore joining Esther by the dismal fire. Iloth doors, however, still shook and clanked against their framework, and the wide chim ney appeared to have set up in its depths a private and particular little whirlwind of its own. " It's a dreary place, Esther," lie said. " I don't mind." she answered languidly, " we are further from the sea." " I wonder how those brave fellows are getting on,"he resumed, with an involuntary sigh. " Aye, sir, you were quite right," broke in the voice of the landlady, as she reappeared with an apron full of drier chlips,"thoso bravo lads are out an' away on th' horse-bank. There's two o' th' wives i' th' kitchen now cryin' as if their hearts were like to break. An' others :on0 'erm are:watchin' th' sea on th' front, i' teeth o' th' wind." " Are many people out there now ?. It was quite deserted as we came along." " Aye, there'll be La crowd by now;' I reckon. - T~i' news that th' men ha' gone out 'II travel fast." "Will they save them ?" asked Esther tremulously. The hlndlady turned to look with a touch of compassion at the young wife's pale face. " I ianna say, my little leddy," she an swered sadly, as she went away. Nobody at the ion seemed to think of going to bed on that awful night. Footsteps passed to and fro continually, and the kindly land lady made periodical visits to tier guests, to tell them the news. Humphrey had drawn back -their curtain, and went now and then to the window to look out. His instincts would haveled him to the beach,but he knew his presence was comforting, and almost in dispensable, to Esther. For an hour or two there came no tidings fromit til~-front. The landlady wiped the i tears from her eyes now, as she passed up and down. Ier husband had gone out to join the crowd of agonised watchers, and she feared, from his long absence, that the poor little boatload of noble men had been relent lessly swamped by that roaring wind-lashed sea. ft must have been nearly twelve o'clock when a sound of footsteps, so nulmerous and clattering that they echoed above the occa sional lulls in the wind, came hurrying down the street. A noise of shouting acccomlanied the tramplings, and an immediate hubbub was audible downstairs. llumphrey hurried to the window to look out, and, as lihe did so, the front door below was opened, admitting so strong a draught, that their own door shivered and strained redoubly in its recess. The tramplings and the voices entered the house, the outer door was banged to again, and a sound of eager talkinrg, of hysterical crying came up to the little parlour. Humphrey opened their own door, and went quickly to the hdad of the stairs. His wife followed him, and leant, shivering with excitement, againlst tile banisters. She could see down into the entrance, whiclh still retained the sense of the admitted gust, in the bobbing of tie lamp-flame, and the cold breath that seemed to hang over the stair case. The narrow hall below them was full of people; men.servants and maid-servants, who shook hands hysterically with two fishermen in their midst. A smell of wet salt arose from the drenched garments of these men, and Esther saw their dripping backs and glistening oil-skin caps as they were pressed and hurried into the warm kitchen. Only three people then were left in the hall; the landlord, a man who looked like a doctor, and one of the older maids. These three busied themselves silently about a figure lying flat upon a long bench. Then the laudlady hurried from the kitchen with a blanket, asking some eager questions which Esther did not catch. The house maid withdrew, and it appeared thalt the other the-e were about to remove from tile arostrate figurs its drenched garments. For a few seconds Esther saw the motionless . form clearfy; the still face,the throat thrown a little back, the dark clinging hair, and the rivulets of water that dribbled and streamed from the clothing and mnade dark puddles and meandering trickles upon the ground. She saw it clearly, and made no attempt to move away from its presence. She bent her self over the railings instead, and stared at it dumbly. A strange horror grewr in her eyes. and was stamped and petrilied upon every line of hier white young face. Her lingers gripped the rail until the skin whitened and the veins darkened with the pressure. Shte fancied that she hadl cried. out, but, in reality, her stillness was so complete that Humphrey felt a sudden fear and turned to her. " Go back, Esther," hlie said immesiately. " you ought not to have come out" She lifted herself then, and looked at him, still with the dumb terror in iher gaze. He pulled her quickly, almost roughly, into their own room, and shut the door behinl them. "You shouldn't look at such things,. Eether," he said, half- anxious, half-vexed, *" they only make you ill. Sit down, and I will fetch you some water." He went into the bedroom for tile water, and she sat staring, still with that terrilied \- look, into thie fire. The lineaments of the prostrate figurewere stampediinto her vision; sbhe saw them wherever she lookled about the little eroom. Humphrey brought her tilhe water, and she drank it mechanically. Then at last she spoke to him. ' Humphrey," she said, "go and see if lihe is dead." "Of course he is not dead." Humphrey mnswered immediately. "l He was coming round quickly. But you should not have lJooked, silly child." !' !Not dead,. not dead ?" echlored Ethllert "Esther, what is the matler ?"' exclaimed loer husband anxiously, putting his hand on her forehead. " Why your skin is like fire. It's all been too much for you-and how you are shiver ing." "Humphrey," she said, with an effort, and a strained look about the muscles of her mouth, " I want to tell you something. I want--" " Whatever you want to tell mle must wat for to-morrow," said iumphrey decidedly. " I am going downstairs now to get you something. And then you go straight to bed." He went out of the room again, and Esther sad huddled up, staring into the blazing logs Tihe firelight sent fantastic versions of her tigure dancing towards the candle-light; and the draught disturbed candle-light sent b:ck its own rendering of her to tie fire. The blue smoke still oozed down into the room ; the two doors still creaked and shivered upon their hinges. Downstairs the only survivor of tlhe wreck began to recover under the careful treatment of the doctor and his helpers. And out on the sea-margin the waves still roared pitilessly upon the beach, and the tearing blast tore their rear ing crests into driving mists of fouan. CHAPTER XL There were strangers - " off-colners they call them in that part of the I world-at the Gate Farm. The new inmates had bought Jerry's stock, and had purchased other cows, which they drove, as Esther had so often driven Daisy and Dolly, to and from the beck-fielld. On a certain I March afternoon the solemn troop of fawn, dun and red kine camne up the lane, as usual, a carolled psalm behind them betraying the presence of the milk-maid who followed at their heels, knitting as vigorously as she chanted in the wartm evening. A sturdy figure, with red hair, and in a sea manlike suit of dusty rough serge, seemed to await the passing of the herd. He leant on a gate about a hundred yards from the farm, and looked, with glances of recognitiou,upon the cows. They passed soberly past him, and then the figure of the singing girl came in view. She was dressed in the ordinary garb of a farm-girl, and hd broad red cheeks and coarse hair. Thite man who had bent over the gate eyed - her with a mixture of relief, disappointment, and curiosity. ,Then lis opened the gate, took a step or two into the road, and joined her. " You are bidin' at t'Gato Farm, missis ?" he said enquiringly, after bidding her good day; "Aye;" shes responded, glancing up at him and seeing an unknown countenance. " How long ast'o bin there ?" "What's you to you ?" asked tihe girl brusquely. " It's a deal to me. I ha' tramped all day across country to get here to-night, thinkin' that the folk I used to know war here still at t' Farm." " Dosto mean the Jupps ?" asked the girl, standing still in the road, and letting her kine turn in at the gate of their own free will. " Aye. Wheer are they flitted to 7" "Owd Jerry's laid i' thI' churchyard, Tim's away somewhere t' South, and th' gran lady, as was their cousin one upon a time, is bidin' wi' her mesther, I reckon." '.'Th' gran' lady?" repeated the other slowly. " Aye, MIrs. Sandys, I think they ca'ed her." " I ha' heard nought,"'said the stranger, taking off his cap, and running his hand through his hair. " Mlaybe you can tell me about it. for I feel fair muddled." " Then yo' Inn come in t' shippen," re joined the girl, " for I mun be off after t' cows." She hurried across the cobbhle-stones, and the other folluowd her slowly, glancing round at the familiar objects. The girl sat down to her milking, and a man in a smock brought a stool, and went to the further end of the shippen. The milk frothed from the two pair of hands into the pails, and the sunlight streamed in at the open door. Tim blue coated stringer leant ngainst the wall, and, to these accompaniments, heard the story of Esther, her grand kin, and her marriage. " Thank-ye, missis,"' lie said,when the girl had iluished, ' thank-ye." lie made no other remark, though lie breathed a little heavily, and asked for some milk. Vhen lie had drunk it lie took up his stick and bundle, and moved to the doorway, looking back over his shoulder to ask a ques tion. " Is Mirs. Phizacklea alive, up at th' Croft Farm?" he demanded cursorily. " Aye," said the girl, looking round the cow's ta.il at him. " An' Irs. Shanklin, th' schoalmaster's wife?" " Aye," was again her rejoinder. " Then ye ran tell any as cares to know as Josiah 'Phizacklea is home agaitn, an' 'as had adventures fit to make th' hair on tit' st.allies at Overstone drinkin'-fountain stand on end." And the stranger, as lihe delivered this speech, shouldered his stick, with the bundle slung to the endl of it, marched ft am the shippen across the yard, and set off in the direction of Overstone. '"She war my wife," he said to the hedges, as he tramped along. " She war miy wife, tight and fast." He chose lr to go dowi:l ilnto Overstolli, partly because It, ita nto afl:fctiln for his uspiring heirs up at thIe Cruft lariu., and partly because hlie ihad ;a series of thlrilli In adventures to relate, lwhichl were to miake him the hero of the hour. lte dsrs -d m n audience for his tale, and ain aiudilen lmnore over, as large as Over.toro couli rchell. lie reached tile grey cold-lolokiilg town it atl-out six o'clock, withlout nelting ;lanly :ncr lialot- ance ulont tle roid; anlld turnes ino, IlIII nearest publi:-lontse, his shoaos rooolonhin, heavily upon tle flagged flour, ;i r lie clhrl d the door, oith its tioogltog bell. bhllind hiimo. Tho lanodlorld aiLe out. and imerely pier ceivinog a burly figure in thIe passagie, gire lIis convential greeting.altnd openeod thoe door that led inlto the room behind the iar. .Jlsi:hI mnoved forward. seelng thr-ee etout figilrisi thlrough tlhe floating lmeshes of siooillre. Thelir pipes were. in tlherir mouths, their brilolooiong mugs on the table beside tthem. Their feet scraped a little on the sanded Iloor as they turnedl slightly to the new- conttoer, vho advancedl slowly into the stronger lighlt, ando then rtool msotionless. " Hey ?" he saidl, takiog 1fT his cap, and revealing hIis features fully, " Iley ?'" His attitude, lis tone. lhis glance as Ie bent a little forward, were all so inoieative of " What do you thlink of this, erh ?" tlhatl tlle thlree occtpants of the room Ltrneld loro Sco:npletely towards himtn. One of then had :known Josiahl Plhizacklea formerly. Ilis Seyes widened and his jaw fell as he looked at thie man in the doorway; then ihe droppedl htis pipe upon the ground, where it brokei with a little crash. " liy God !" he said. below his breath. " I thought I'd gi'e you a bit o" a turn, MIicimhael Ashburner," said Josiarnwitl muchl atifactionn "'Tisn't often yo' ha' a ghost as fleshed as I i' Overstone. I reckon yo' all thought I was drownded, now'didn' yo' 2" "Dead drowned." gasped the other,breath ing heavily, and appearing half-dazed as he still looked upon this unforeseen resurree- I lion. " Aye, but I'm not so easy to drown," re joined lhikleklea, clhuckling loudly, and drle ing a chair to the table. The landlord had followed him into the room, ad now r stood with his hand upon the latch, gazing f from one to the other. He was new to Over stone, and at a loss to comprehend the sud defl excitemelnt. " Yon man," said Michael Ashborner, t rising to his feet and pointing to Phizacklea 1 with great solemnity, "yon man war drownded i' t' quicksands two year this contn' lontlh o' IMay." The others put down their pipes at this remlarkable statement. scratched their heads, andi cyed Jloiah phlegmnatically. He kept turning froml one to tile other, with satisfied c iulportance. " i doubt now," he said delightedly, " I ildoubit no.v there are stallies an'winsan' w w: ^pin' willow' set up i' Overstone Church yard. all on-accoslnt o' me ? " " Ti?her's ita tolbtotone," said Michael Ashburner, with profound gravity, " theer's a tomlb;tone, sure enow." lie still drew his breath deeply, outraged into heavy amazement. Josiah accepted the toslbstone as a fresh tribute to his newly- t gained bonours. lie turned to the landlord, andll ordered whisy all round. " Ve'll mnake a bout of it," he said, ehlcikling. " 'Tisn't every day as Overstone ha' such a story to boast of. We'll make a bout o't." The landlord brought the spirit with some I haste, and at last Michael Ashbnruer began to quesltion this presence from the dead. t .lJsi:li settled himuself in Ils chair. and lit his pilp before lie would tell any portion of his story. He had perhaps never attainea so complete a fulfilment of his love of notor- I lety as he attained to-day. " Tak' a good look at me, Michael Ash burner," le said complacently. " 'Tisu't so often you'll get a eha?oeu to pelek at a mot as ha' bin through what I ha' bin through." ' " Asto bill through th"' quicksands ?" asked Mlichael, bluntly going straight to the I immediate point of tile matter. " Not exactly," rejoined Josiah, " but as near tu't as anyone on this coast ha' bin." " Th' horse war drowned," suggested Aliclhael, as a stimulus to drl?ging out the story, which Josiah treated as leisurely as a eonunuissur treats old port. "Aye, aye. Th' last I seed o' the old horse be war rattlin' away wi' t' cart to t' cockle beds, an' I war lyin' fiat on my back i' o' poolo w.otter.'" " Tumbled out ?" queried the landlord as intereste'd as anyone.' " That' war so. You see, it war my weddiu-day, an' I had a sup or two o " Thy weddin'-day ?" echoed MIi~hael Ashburncr. " Aye; aye. But yon's another story. We'll dnome to 't by-ald-by. Wheer was I ?" " 1' t' pool o' watter," suggested one of e the listeners. All hadtospended their stnok- I lug, and made an attentive audience. " Well, I lay i' t' pool o' swatter, lookin' up at' t' sky. I don't somehow call it all to mind as clear as I might. But I know 1 looked to one side, an' tbeer war t' tide i comin' in, appearin' rather unpleasant to a man i' my position. An' I looked to t'otller I side,. an' theer war a sight o' folk conlin' I along. So I set to, an' hlllered." "Aye ?" chorused the eager audience Saye?" " They reskicd lme," resumed Josiah i solemnly. '" They rcskied me, an' then they pressed me!'" " Pressed ye!" " Aye. aye. They war t press-gang. su?e enow! An, fro' that day to this, I ha' bin servin' His Majesty's Navy. Josiah's story became still more thrilling after this: alnd, for an hourll, lie kept his lis teneor aibsorbed. Finailly ie related how h i had been released, and had taken passage for Overstuone onit a coasting-brig. The l stOIrlI haid ColIe o0) eOU1 after thle brig had left. the river, and the captain had tured i I her southward, intendifig to ruln hier upl tile Leone: but thie wind lhad crivcn her p)ast tihe month of thie river. awl, she had finally been wrecked o0n the horseI-hank opposite thile little lishing hamletrt ofl Chase llcycs. At this ~eage of his adiventures thie garrul ity of tile farlmer r'oared into eloquence. He del.cribed thle winld a:nd the waves with in-I toxicated fervour. lie ldrik ti) the memory of his Ibrave re seuers with sobs and hiccoughs. HIe blessedl them, ho extolled them, he de clared themir t, b'e tie finect crew of fisher men in all En;gland. They had picked hlim up, clinging to a spar. when all those who had Imanned tile brigand gone to the bottom. 1 As Joeilah gre tipsier he began to insist that tihey hald put t to ser solely on his account; they iwere cight, ten, a dszen. twenty of thenm in a boat, all strainingat their oars to rescue one poor farmer til'atinig on a spar in mid oclan. lie eindI eavoelredl to depict the ocean in his whisky-ila.s. and, but for tile forcible interfelCnce of tile landlord, would have re hearsed his own swimming exploits upon tile wooden table. I- ichael Ashburner and his two collpanions had expanded, in the eyes of I'hizi :l'ica. into a large audience. This alutienee chceled and enlouraged hlim when he paused in his pell-mell of words to distill Il;lldlin t lalrs Ilto his pocket-handkerchief. Finally he ro'e uIste:diily from the table, with a vague idea th'it lie must visit his old friends anti eek his wi fe ~Ie shook hands with thirteen peopll, blessed them fervently andl touchlllinely for their welcome of a poor wanrhdrr, wiped his eyes again and again, and at . lit adlle :.it unsteady exit, tottering down theli liaits pasage, rand stumbling out " o~n ·.a:pI, nt:.y Ili bin near drowned, an' ai : Iim lc'u"t i miin oIIIuI t rter hlimn,' said tile lai llod, ·urtveyil, theii othIler three figures, itii r~l xlh.,l c.[itpa?:d u11 ou their ehairs in Sth-. lillh: Il'lrhur, o but. t5) my tllinkin', lhe's I long-willlledl enw to set up a storm for his !sou il aly | irt o'ti' land and slea wheer he haiiln)''.i to )ind lhisen." A',nd he drew all . th i Ilrt curtain to watch Josiah's ti:tr~l e. zI- Zgalllei awa' i tlhe night. " l v, -i e-in--a--tt)rlnm-wheer Ih i wlvct.) -- like - m lntains! I've been Si ti'h-isl--ouLt )I a r ic i i-an-ha' w)m11 milCes-an in--s!" I've-ben-- reakied-Iy-a Srerw twenty in--ii boat,!'" chanted Josiah t i til, a li dris'sly to himself, an he stag I'. i::i y, mII;rtilg log pausres in his reeita t 'i\ m wi)hc I- l,.a'ilsilnally stoodl still for a '" 'v"ti-r t-a wifle-as tlhinks - she-is-a adirl·L- :ily.'' he wn'lt (ll presently, runoing Shirs wOrdS onl: into the oilther, and steadying L i itself a,'ainst a post that lie might finish his *-I?,ttrnrie undlstra.tedl bythie elfortto ri;int:in is lI [alance. As hie leant up to r thl p1:-t Ihe as rveyed the twiktling lamps of Over.St,,ne with henevolence, surmising that C iiey vsri r tv a 'rs. Th'oi he 1ang a few more y hI;I of his slil,.qoy; nsilded confidentially Io a crrscent mloon aboke him ; and 1,ianlered delviously on. A lhttle glillmmerinlg zig-zag of water wan dered presently acrao his path. IRadley itt i:li swas j)ust here, barely more than a silallinw tricklel. lower down it was joined by the Utiiper l'cki, ancd frothled out into a Sbrirow creaming stream. Josiah placed one " fout upon the first of the stepping-stones, it ll Iibroke Ilstily ita'lhis chant anew. o " l'vce-bccn-in-a-era-as roared-thirteen-to I thl' diozen! I re-ben washed-throughlighty waves-atop-o'-a-broken spar ! I've been t The song broke off in a fall and asplash, i for the hero of thie wreck had toppled over .e into the brook. UHe lay on his back among the weeds and cresers, and smiled pleasantly at thile sky. Six inches of water rippled and gurg;led musically about his prostrate form: by-alt-bye the wet permeated his clothing, 11 but hle found it, on the whole, refreshing and agreeable to his heated skin., Hishead sank it a little deeper in the mud, and the water be gan.to dribble into his ears. He lifted up his voice, and resumed his recitative. " I've been-wrecked-on.bank-o' sand I' th' midst o' a-roaring tempest. I've been-res kied-by-a-b-oat an'-a-crew-o'-noblemen I I've been-" The rest was choked, for his head had sunk a little lower into these calm moon reflecting shclllows; nod about an inch of muddy water began to flow over his mouth. His forehead was barely damp with the ripples; his burly chest bulged above the sur face of the brook. One hand splashed about a little, signifying perhaps that at last he tried to rise. Whether that were indeed so nobody cotid ever tell: only by-and-bye the restless hand was still. A heron flew down the stream, and took up its station on one leg beside him; and nothing but the musi cal bubbling of the water, and the occasional twitter of a bird disturbed the stillness of the night. He was found in the early morning by some labourers on their wiy to work. His herua had sunk a little lower, then, among the glimmering green tresses of the water sweeds. When they lifted him, and laid him carefully on the bank, lie had been dead for nearly twelve hours. (To be continued.) 