MISS CAPRICE. CHAP1ER XI. — ( Continued). AN UNWELCOME PASSENGER. Pleased with this, he lights another cigar, and resumes his walk, to meet Sir Lionel, who has quite recovered from his ducking, and is disposed to treat the whole matter something like a joke. John engages him in conversation for a purpose, and learns what he can about the peculiar aSair ; but the soldier pro fesses to1 know. nothing beyond the fact the boatman suddenly cried that the craft) was sinking, whereupon he called out for assistance from the other boat, and then, as the emergency seemed very close, he sprang up to save Lady Ruth, when his foot caught in the thwart, and he pitched heavily forward. ] He was not wholly unconscious, and rwith someone's help — he knew nob at the time — he managed to crook his arm | through the rope belonging to the tiller, i after which be knew no more until he came to on board the steamer, and found the surgeon pouring whisky down his throat. ' Perhaps your boatman was crazy. I'm sure our fellow must have been out of his mind, judging from his actions when leaving tho steamer. Why, he I even warned me to keep an eye on you, sir.' Ab this the Englishman removes his cigar from between his teeth, looks hard ab the doctor, says, 'By Jove !' several times, and then laughs heartily, ' Tbat is very funny. Indeed, I cannot remember anything that strikes me as more peculiar. Anyone can watch me— my actions are, I hope, above-board. It is true I am disap | pointment in not having bepn able to j have saved -Lady Ruth, but so long as someone took her from the water, what does ib matter ? The boatmen are mad because they lost a crafb. Jove! I'd like to teach them u lesson for taking out passengers in a cranky, rotten boat. Do you know, I believe my foot«went clean through the bottom when I jumped up.' b| This, spoken in a frank, ingenuous .1 way, quite disarms John. He does not like to think evil, of his fellow human beings, at any rate. | ; The wind is increasing meanwhile, [?' and clouds hide the young moon. ' I believe we shall have a storm,' is tbe last remark Sir Lionel makes, as he staggers across the rising deck and makes a plunge down into the cabin, for, although a duck in the water, tho Briton j ia no yachtsman, and possibly already J feels the terrible grip of the coming S vial da mer. I. . His words aro soon verified, however, | for tho waves and wind continue to rise I until tho steamer 'is mightily buffeted. 1 Still John remains ont fleck. There is n J fascination for him in the scone that ! words cannot exptess. When he has j' had enough he will find his state-room and' sleep, for surely, he noeds ib after j ? being awake a good deal of tlie preceding j Jiiglit Valetta. I Darker grow the heavens. Thunder rolls, and the electric current cuts tho air, illuminating the wild Rcene with a pic turesque touch that is almost ghastly in its yellow-white. The steamer is well built, and in good condition to withstand the tempesb, roar as it may. John tires of the weird spectacle at last,, and he, too, makes a plunge for tho cabin, reaching it just in time to escapes monster wave that makes the vessel stagger, and sweeps along the deck from stem to stern. Below he finds considerable confusion, such as is always seen on board a steamer during a storm — timid men looking as white as ghosts ; frightened women wringing their hands and screaming with each plunge of the ship, as if they expect ib to be the last. A few Eastern passongers are aboard, and they do nob seem free from the con tagion, though inclined to bo more stoical than the Europeans, As the steamer plunges, some of the passengers are huddled in a corner. Loud praying can be heard, and those who are least accustomed to such things on ordinary occasions are mosb vehement now, A Mahomedan is kneeling on' his rug, with his face turned in the direction of Meccn, as near as he can judge, and going through with the strange rigma role of bows and muttered phrases tbat constitute his religion. This scene is nob a very pleasant one, bub bhere aro features about ib which are worth being noticed, and John stands to gaze before seeking his room. He has heard from the captain that tho boab is perfectly safe unless the storm should grow much heavier, and with this assurance intends to seek his berth and sleep, if such a thing be pos sible, He moves toward his state-room. Just then a billow strikes tbe steamer amidships, and she rolls. This, not being expected, a chorus of cries from the frightened people, who are huddled in a corner by this new move on the part of the vessel. He brings up alongside a state-room door, which ia in the acb of being opened even as he bangs up againsb it. Consequently John has the greatest difficulty in maintaining his balance, and in order to keep from sliding through the door, grasps the sides. Someone has opened ib. A face is ex posed close to bis own, a face that, although nob terror-stricken, bears the evidence of sudden alarm, as though the new pitch of the vessel and renewed shrieks from within have aroused. fear — a face that John Craig recognises with amazement. ' Tell me, are we sinking 1' she ex claims. Then she looks again. ' Ah ! Doctor Chicago 1' ' You here, Pauline Potter V Tbe presence of the actress on board the steamer gives him a sudden thrill. It is no mere accident thab brings her, but a part of a deep-laid plan, which perhaps nob only concerns him but one in whom he has taken the deepest'interest — Lady Ruth. . That is why he cries out, and his words have moro than an ordinary amount of astonishment in them. 'Yes, I am leaving Malta, I have no reason to remain there longer. But tell me the worst, John Craig. Are we doomed to go down ?' The vessel does not toss eo wildly now, and the wails of the alarmed passengers grow less in volume. ' I hope not. Tho captain assured mc there was no danger whatever, and told me to get some sleep, if I could. I am on my way to my berth now. Be of good cheer ; the morning will see us safe enough, I believe.' Then ho leaves her, and the'state-room door closes. This encounter makes John think of the other ladies. Are Aunt Gwen and Lady Ruth among those whose clamour arises from the cabin with every lurch of the ship 1 As the thought flashes upon his mind, someone clutches bis arm, and, turning, he beholds the little professor. There ' is a wild look in Pbilander's eyes, and bis teeth rattle like castanets. Really, the situation is terrible enough to appal anyone. 'When do we go down, John?' be askB. ' Good Heaven ! I trust not at all,' and he cheerB the others with what tbe captain has told him. . 'I wish you could tell tho ladies that.' ' Where. are they 1' asks John. ? ' Come with me,' ? In a few seconds the doctor sees the ladies, who have a state-room together. They are fully dressed and look woe begone. At each lunge of the vessel they gasp, and, when a particularly big one occurs, fall into each other's arms. Both are brave enough, and yet the situation is such that a strange feeling creeps over the stoutest lieart. When John appears, and tells thero what the captain has said, ib reassures them considerably,, and they feel better. Presently lie leaves them and seeks his .berth, where he acbually goes to sleep. Tired nature will assert her power, even under the most discouraging conditions. During the night the Btorm abates. John Craig is awake early, and can tell that all ia well from the easy motion of the steamer, for her plunges are few, and of fmall moment. A silenco broods over tbe scene. The tired passengers have gone to sleep. All John can hear us lie lies thero is the dull throb of the engines, and the swish of water against the side of the vessel. (To be continued.) 