a—, II .1 ii, i ii 1 1 hi HA- . A GHOST IN THE FENS. ; Some strange phenomena bavs been start lieglbe dUtnct of tbe gieat leo l< vri of Huu« tlagdooskne and Cambridge! ir», U nppearf that In lick Fi n ltaoieay magbtrato pasn . larm, at the extremity of win b, f»r sway fr m any other buiidiugn, liveahuoM ketpernvmed Hon t ban, his will , so l a bed-riddip daughter. . Tbe cottage is a lypical fen plasty of wood and idbioii, ana mujcxiing it i a Mumat tene mnt occupied by the farm lorrmsD. Levitt and hia wi»e. Miss Rowtlan,-. who i<v 18 >eara of sue, and bss b«o o- idiued to bar bi d for nearly twilve reoiitbs.-al'pt in a eom near lbs thatch, hei bedstead -resting agHiuat tbegableend of ; Ibe roof. - At- twelve o'clock oue uigbt gealle lappings agninat her bud w. re Leaid, and s tbo nail- are woodeu the iioini- waa more apparent. At Stat tbo souad came in avqu oces ol tbn e at d four it<cn suing to ris aud s< ven at a timo, aud groniieg L uucr as t ey loceeded. Thn - they ceased lor a- spaor, aud recum- lueoct-d mere vigorously,- mt I they were heard by tbe nxt dour ueighbiium-according to oho ; lejio.t,: at a lanbii'vuse 500. yards e(7. Tbo' mother, audi, father, at reel' .it.' tue aamH room# wmo bIso alarujod, but lor. a time did aptbingf ; thiukiDg . tbe maoilestntlon .would cease. I'Leae ii stead increased, m t4 t'-e 44 gheaU " became so eotsy oh td almrdt thieateo a teiiifie ornvb. Not rinx was to be neea. tuougb it was ' clesr sod etailiul.t/ aad tlie dhturimcc con tiourd u» ring, out acre the f<-na. The rap- ping ooruried at . intr-ivals until dawn Op, Ue foUo'wiitg n»ght,- though at a cliff rnt. timo, a r« i>rtiti"n . ot tue phenomena /oo-: cuned. blchnwkile the ' iumates, who; tod auflertd tbe. 'mysterious affair in alienor , 1 ad del eririned upoa decisive action. Ou tbtti ini night tbe father, taktoga loaded guu, went outside the building, but. the rap-' pu gn against the gablii were renewed mere vuorously tl.au ever Siarob p»r ties, weep orgsoisrd, but eyvnoiie r« m»tue«l baffi <1\. pbe couptrjridu brgan to talk and watch parties jiwKm.bleii ia tLecottugisdutil raorning, but thn pul-atioua eeutiauid wbiLt eyen weie ttct.d on l Le vety spot oa wlic-b tbe iuvhtble i1wn weroj civeu. Tbe hmllurd'a i-atatc bailiff, together w tb s cr>ru|Mnion, .kept vigil iu the house fropi widi-ight till three, the noi-ts btin repeated; wiib the itrtra test freedom, Huodied of people have vis'Hd the |>h c< .oud soliciti-rs, merchant/ ami otLr ik from tLe nurrtura ling dtslrict hays made critical ix-miunri n of., tbe housr, bqt , without, b ing able to give a planrible reaaqp tor tlie mysterious sounds. . 