?V'-.OPv ?.':.-?.? ..'.??? JJiJa; JjiiUli rJ/Au. : ?;?. ?'m^'^mj . - ? ??????- -.. BY OOT^WHaKsfliS ,**ONCE FOR &W; CHA5-TEE~lTrtr^MALi; HOPE OP PAR ' - 'DON. The' execution of [William 'Alms. y?as taj take place in fire days. There %a& tfofte foij some effort to be made ; to. move' those: not prone to mercy.' There were grouridsat. any rate, it was thought,- to expect leniency. But those who expected were Jgnorant. of -the na ture of those in authority. That -a man against whom nothing had been proved, ex cept that, he had a son in arms for Monmouth — a. mau wuq. was innrm oy_ reason or ms blindness— should be found guiity and con demned tp death, outraged the feelings of high and low, rich and poor. Many peasants had been condemned upon grossly inadequate evidence; but although these poor fellows had .the indignant sympathy of the common peo ple, they had no such claims to tears as these two blind eyes and the white hair of the gen tle old man. Be was, too, a gentleman who had led a quiet, studious life; and lie was to be b^ugecTiike a eomjfion malefactor because a judge had willed it so and coerced a foolish juvy'iiito a cruel verdict. The sympathy with him was deep; the indignation was gene ral. But what can such sympathy and in dignation do? It can send an express to King James, who is to ride night and day to Whitehall, and, -if ~ possible, bring back the King's pardon. It can get innumerable sig natures to petitions to the Lord Chief Justice, praying him to have mercy on the victim. All that it was capable of it did. But all that does not advance them very much. When the Lord Chief Justice had supped he was told that a young lady earnestly de sired to speak with him. 'Is she alone?' asked his Lordsnip, with what would pass for humor after a cood sup per.* 'No, my Lord,' said the man; 'her father is with her.' 'Let her come in,' said Jeffreys. When the door was opened Dorothy Den ham, followed by her reluctant father, whom she had forced to come with her, eaine in and dropped on her knees at Jeffreys's gouty feet 'My Lord,' she said, 'have mercy! Mr. Alms is an old man. He is blind. He has lived a quiet, blameless life amongst his books. All who knew him loved him. He had nothing to do with this Duke who is dead. Have mercy, my Lord!' 'Hoity-toity!' said Jeffreys. ' 'Had he been a lusty young fellow, I could have understood this petition better; but for an old man like that, fie!' -—?-.. 'My Lord, you saw how he-boie himself.' 'I did. Like a sullen Whig, as' he is.' 'Like a good patient man, my Lord. Will you not have mercy? The people cry out on the sentence. They would be well pleased if you would pardon him.' 'I trow they would, the rascally knaves. They would have been well pleased if that snake Monmouth had been able to make head against the King.' 'Will you not have mercy, iny Lord?' cried the girl, bursting into tears. 'Ah, now I think on't, this old man had a son, and ? ' Then followed some words which made Dorothy's cheeks burn with a fever which dried her tears— words which all historians have refused to repeat, and which we, follow ing that honored practice, must leave to be understood. Then Dorothy rose to her, feet and went from the room, not without some dignity for a girl of her years, and her father ; followed her, saying, as they went away to gether— 'There is nothing to be hoped for from that deviL' Strong language, which we think fully jus tified, even in the mouth of a minister of the gospel. 'Very little to be hoped for.' That, too, was the conclusion that the little camp meet ing near the van arrived at, when, after a day during which Mungo Paterson— not by any means a minister of the gospel — had dur ing the proceedings iqgcourt more than onee solmenly, under his breath, said 'D ? him,' 'meaning thereby,' as indictments say, the Lord Chief Justice of England— he. had re turned and made report of all that had so deplorably happened. He had better mea sured the character of Jeffreys than Dorothy Denham — for it is an agreeable imagination of young girls that men must be human— '?when he announced his 'opeenion you might ias Veil expect blood out o' a stane as clemen cy -out of that man.' fi. 'Wnat is to be done?' said John Rugg. ♦?Done,' said Paterson; 'just nothing ava,' ? 'I'll try,' said John Eugg; and as he said it i he got up on his feet with a very lumbering ?motion, and prepared to set out for Taun ton. . 'I'll go too,' said Geoffry Scott, his Border blood crying out for adventure. 'But, my lads,' said Paterson wisely, 'the town: is full o' garlin men and soldiers and councillors. Ye'll be laid by the heels as siifce as death.' ? ?. - Martha, who was in woman's dress now, presumed upon it, and said— 'John.' She was going to try and per suade him, but she saw that in his eye which dissuaded her, and without more words John Vent away, accompanied by Geoffry Scott, on kn enterprise about as promising as that of those who were signing petitions for mercy in the streets by the light of guttering tallow handles. As we have said, Geoffry Scett was ready for any exploit; but he had not j^ad^ up his mind in what way exploit was -to come to him. ? it was quite easy to get them selves taken into custody, but that would not do much good to Mr. Alms, and he had not an idea how they/ were going to do anything to affect his short future in any way. Indeed, 'if he had been asked, he would have agreed with Mungo Paterson that there was nothing . whatever to be done. Still, when John Rugg was prepared to run into danger, he was pre pared to follow him. He had considerable confidence in that large person. The best * thing that occurred to him was to see to the priming of his. pistols, and also that he had his 'dirk' handy— a long, ugly-looking knife wais that dirk. But John Eugg, after he had gone half a mile in silence, asked — 'Where did you stop in Taunton when you were here before?' :. 'Near the church, with good Presbyterian people— Poole was- the name. But I wasn't there all the time.'; 'Ees, ees, I know. Could you find the bouse?' 'Yes; I could do that.' - , Then they walked on again in silence, until John Eugg asked— *Have you got any money?*' - ' . 'iies.' ???? ...?:' ;'?- Another long pause. . They- 'were now in the long ^street which runs pfust, Grey's Alms . houses, when John Hugg stopped short as be was passing & pufoliehonself*' Vs ??;?'?. '^rijflTww?' asked Geoffry. 'Tbat is Will Paget's -f plee,' said John Bugg, listening. ; % 'I thought he was dead.' 'So did L We will wait and see him come out.' ? ?????.- They walked up ana down the street for an hour, and then Will Paget came out, and in passing John Eugg he felt himself plucked by ? the lapel of his coat, and looking round he saw what at first sight he toot for a ghost of John Rugg, with its finger over its tips warn ing Mm to be silent ; tfftfcBg-S^ fc§l atfisM&dt;? m«rt±*r efl Will to mmst: Tm im& smm.' :. '-'Will,' -Whllp^rea gtiggs^6ffie this Wfiy.' *'? 'Witet&e;? fie 8£-le&d;'«r noi^e can speak/' said Will; obeyinf; ^ :- . . Whep they, had reached a quieterpart of f Be sfr«§£ IJoiSjr Wffeg street: Witt Bad been iSore afraid, as he said, i J©h&-'W48 al tered. He had heard he-'wai''.deacl,-and.he believed in ghosts. Buff now John took hold of his hanS and shook itMi^p which could ' only come of flesh and blood and bone. * That reassured him* ' ? 'Zure a ghost couldn't zhake hands like that!' ? : 'Listen,*' sai* John, while Will looked won dermgly^Lrst at John Rugg' and then at the captain. 'Have you heard that Mr. Alms is to be hanged?' -. - -. 'Djhaiig it,' that's what I'm here vor. 'Howf ' 'Why, haven't I been with Mr. Arthur all this time, and wasn't #e a-comin' hisself if he hadn/t yallen dowja? So- 1 corned to zee what happened, and teat's what I be here vor.' - : : ' 'Well, Will, we must try to zave him. 'Zoo sae I; but han^t I signed my name six times a'ready.' ' ' '??' 'That won't do,' said John Eugg; and be sides, I can only make my mark.' This was a kind of irony. 'It be all right,' said Will Paget to Cap tain Scott, 'now that John Eugg be. alive again.' And they followed him to the house of the worthy couple called Poole, opposite the church of St. Mary Magdalene, where Arthur Alms and Geoffry Seott had stayed when all Taunton was hung with wreaths of flowers instead of with sorrow and mourning. Here John Eugg left the other two outside while he went in and had a long interview with the two good people. During his ab sence Will continued to assure Captain Scott that 'it 'ull be all rigiit now that John Rugg is alive again,' and Geoffry Scott himself be gan to believe him. (To be continued.) 