THE EVENING MEETING. | [ The Bishop of Tasmania presided at the evening meeting in the Synod-hall, sup ported by Dean Kite, Archdeacon Whiting- ton, Canon Howell,' Shoobridge, and Banks Smith, and other clergy. There was a large attendance. Dr. Montgomery, in opening the meeting, reviewed the work of the mission. There were still very many heathen on the Melanesian Islands, not so very far from our shores, and who had been terribly hurt by the white man's iniquities in the past, and who should be reached in obedience to the Master's command. There was a great semi-circle of islands given in charge of the Church of England in Melanesia. He introduced the Bishop of Melanesia to the meeting, believing the audience was an entirely sympathetic one. (Applause), The Bishop of yEi.ANK.siA said that in the Bishop of Tasmania the mission had a very warm friend; andwbosebook on Melanesia was having a good sale in England as well as out in the colonies. (Applause.) The speaker then' reviewed the history of the mission started by Bishop Patterson. The islands numbered about 100, large and small, lying north of New Zealand, in a half-moon, in the direction of New Guises. Bishop Patterson, from 1849 to 1851, just "cleared the ground," so to speak, in winning the love of tea attract MU he WM killed. Bbbon 8eU)u f lowed born 1875 to 1891 and whose work might be termed " sowing , ' and since then the mission had been reaping " and gathering the people is now at the rate of 1,000 a year In 1891 there were 7,000 Christians among the natives, and now there were just 12 000 (Applause ) Besides, there were other as herons The people were in riding out their hands for the Gospel, Jil I see C lui i eli had to thank God and take courage for it There were many difficulties First, there were over 100 languages or dialects spoken on the islands This caused Bishop Sein J u to gather children from all the islands to Norfolk Island, and teach them one language, which was mota After eight years of teaching they were sent back toteiohtho peopling their native islands That system was still pursued by the Melanesian Mission, for those young people became mediums of communication and, on the Mission and their fellows Another difficulty was he fierceness of the natives in the old days they looked upon every white man as a ghost, because white men had so badly used them Now, on many islands fitting had died out , but on others difficulties with the chiefs and the old superstitions of the people still existed Some clever people said the heathens in such countries had no soul, but could a man have a religion unless he had a soul * (Applause ) Well, he believed that no tribe of heathens had yet been found without a religion of some kind, or who were not conscious of a difference between right and wrong (Applause ). The natives, when converted, he came exceedingly good Christiansand always wishful to learn The mission had won the friendship of the natives, they believed in the mission, and liked it (Applause ) Those were the missions opportunities I he new developments were the establishment of a hospital in the midst of the Solomon Islands, and teachers were being sent to Queensland, where about 9,000 of the young men of the islands were employed on the plantations, to teach them and look after them, for they learnt vices there, including (some of them) the way to drink and some to smoke opium, taught them by Chinamen Few of them learned Christianity in Queensland, but some die, and returned to their islands and rendered tradesman real service He concluded by appealing for increased support for the mission He did not want to draw money away from the Church and clergy in Tasmania, but to draw a little from the money spent in pleasure for a purpose that was so very much better (Applause ) Dr Montcomeha having supported the appeal for help the meeting terminated with a collection taken at the doors. 