PUBLISUED WEBRY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY. 261t Year. TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1898. The Amending Land Bill intro duced to Parliament-last week-by Mr. Best is undoubtedly the Ministerial magnum opus for the session. It is not unworthy of the necessities it is designed to meet, and may, indeed, be said to deal thoroughly and, on the whole, satisfactorily, with a question of magnitude,of difficultyand beset with complications. It is true that, except as to one proposal, it breaks no par ticularly fresh ground and seeks to give expression to no new principle of agrarian legislation. The system of private ownership of land has ob tained such a footing in this colony, has become so.much a part of our social economy, that no Government could hope at this time of the day to substitute something else for it. We have settled our lands so far-those of them that we did not recklessly give away to the grazier pioneers-by allotting them in the form of small freeholds, and conditional upon their cultivation, and it is out of the ques tion to think that any radical and arbitrary distinction can be made be tween the settlers of the past and present and those of the future. It might have been better had we kept all the lands of the colony in the hands of the State, renting them out on cultivating leases, at rents subject to periodical revision, or better still at rents automatically adjustable by the income return of the land rented to the lessee.. But the opportunity for making .an experiment, on any con siderable scale, with such a system of ot land settlement has passed. The at Minister of Lands, whilst recognising la that this is so, and quite appreciative ta of the impossibility of decreeing that fe colonial lands so far unalienated shall th be leased only and not sold, proposes of to do all that is possible in the way of Ia encouraging those looking for land to is become lessees rather than freeholders. in Encouraged by the success of the at optional system in mallee land settle- m ment, and the extent to which the tl option of a lease has been availed of tc there, he proposes that the still un- in alienated Crown land of the colony tl shall be available either in the w ordinary way of selection-practi- p cally on a purchasing lease-or on I: perpetual lease, at a nominal rental is of id per cent. upon the capital u value, which shall be liable to adjust- a ment every 10 years. No doubt the d provision of perpetual lease will be I availed of to no small extent, its con- t! cession in the direction of cheap rent a being very attractive. But it is al- s most certain that the great bulk of the people who from this out will obey the mandate and the necessity to go q on to the land will tread the old t paths-the safe paths as they are felt 1 by all people of British instinct to be -and will place themselves in the position of ultimately becoming the freeholders of their farms. t The Bill proposes a decided advance in the way of land classification. Hitherto all land disposed of on the 1 principle of selection has been deemed i to-be of equal vAalue, and for a rich patch of river flat close to a large market centre and for a miserable selection on a remote mountain side the regulation pound an acre has had to be paid. The are yet unalienated 17,000,000 acres of Crown lands and such of these as are not taken upon lease are to be sold at a value deter mined by their quality and their con tiguity to market, to railroad or to sea board. The colony is to be divided into seven survey districts, the Crown lands in each of which are to be roughly classified. The distinc tions proposed are eleven in-number, and are set out in the Bill as follow: -1. Good agricultural and grazing land (dense scrub and heavily tim bered). -. 2. Other good agricultural or graz ing land (openly or lightly timbered). 3\. Agricultural and grazing lands:- 2 4. Grazing lands. 5\. Pastoral lands (large areas)... 6: Swamp or reclaimed lands. 7\. Lands which may be sold.,y auc tion (not including swamp or reclaimed lands). - l d ": - 8\. Auriferous lands.. - 9\. State forest reserves. - 10\. Timber reserves. :" 11: Water reserves. It is estimated that quite three-fourths of the unalienated lands will fall into the fourth class, but so that the classi fication may not be arbitrary, boards to. hear appeals against it, and, when necessary, to remove lands from one class to another, are to be appointed. The Government desires to settle this fourth class land, which, for the most part, is situated in the more remote and less accessible districts of the colony, and therefore it is that the Budget provides a sum of £150,000 to assist the shire councils having the local administration of such districts in. the work of road making. The i 32nd: section lessees--of whom there are 8,885, holding 3,321,205 acres of whose claims and fears much has been: heard during the past few t months, are sympathetically dealt with by the Bill. These are, Mr. Best recognises, for the most part industrious and desirable settlers, who have established homes on their leased holdings. Nothing is to be left undone to protect their rights and advance their interests, and the policy of the Bill, so far as they are con cerned, is very distinctly to keep them on the land to which they have become attached, and of which they have made such a good use. They are to be given a year from the end of December next to decide which of the special privileges provided for their relief they will take advantage of; if they are situated on land that will fall into the fourth class they will be permitted to increase the scope of their holdings from 320 to 640 acres; and as far as possible the ag gregation of family properties is to be encouraged. Those who are in arrears with their rents, can, if they desire to do so, take out leases bearing an annual rental of 6d an acre for 40 years, in-place of Is an acre for 20 years. The Bill deals generally with the question of arrears of selectors' rents, which the figures Mr. Best recited to Parliament show to be one of no small Sseriousness. The tdtal -amount of selectors' rents owing up to the 30th \- June last was £749,000, which, even when the difficulties with which the .grown tenants have had to contend have been fully allowed for, is, it has to be conceded, far too large an amount to be overdue to the Crown in respect of its landed estate. In New South Wales, where the territory is more than three times as large as ours, producinig annually £2,000,000 as \- against £340,000 in Victoria, the arrears total only £139,000; in Queensland, in South Australia, in \- New Zealand and in West Australia the-arrears- are infinitesimalljy small. I In all of these colonies interest, at I varying rates,.is exacted from Crown I tenants in arrears, whilst the very hard cases are liable to other-penalties, culminating in forfeiture. Mr. Best, not unnaturally, concludes -that the large accumulation ofLarrears in Victoria is accounted for by the fact that no interest is charged upon them. He proposes that interest shall be charged on all future arrears, whilst those now in existence will be added, without interest, to what may be termed the capital indebtedness of the selector. If, however, any of the lessess or licensees in default seek to take advantage of the more liberal provisions of the Amending Bill and apply for new leases they will be required to pay four per cent. interest on all accumulated arrears Space does not permit of anything more than a passing reference to the proposal for the resumption by the Crown of good agricultural land, now privately held, for settlement purposes. It is at once seen that a departure of a importance, and one that, whilst it may result in much advantage, is not I unmenaced by danger, is suggested. The necessities of the State and the imperative need of keeping agricul turists within the colony, appear to make - this radical departure neces sary. The step is one that has been taken without evil consequence, even with positive result of good, in other of the Australian colonies, not- 1 ably in South Australia and New Zea- sn5 land, and therefore all the less hesi- fo tancy in making the venture may be fro felt here. The unfortunate fact is thi that much of our best land, much land No of first quality and nearest to the or large towns or the ports of shipment, loo is held by. those who find it to their dol interest to devote it to other than S agriciultural purposes. The Govern- -r ment has come to the conclusion that Jo the resumption of this is necessary col to the development of agriculture the in the colony, and to the stoppage of lot that exodus of our young yeomen ab which has been a conspicuous and de- re plorable fact of the past few years. E If it can persuade Parliament, which is not unaware of the circumstances under which most of this land was cr alienated in the "good old colonial co days" ef this necessity, it will have of little difficulty in overcoming objec tions. of principle and of winning hi assent to the departure-radical, even of socialistic, as it is-that it proposes. The Anglo- Egyptian forces, under General V Sir Herbert Kitchener, have won a great vie- cl tory over the DMahdi's forces near Omdurmanu. t The Dervishes have been defeated; Omdur- I man itself has been occupied and the Khalifa n has been put to flight. C The Emperor William, of Germany, has en- v thusiastically endorsed the proposal of the I Czar of Russia for a conference to consider the t question of. a general disarmament, which is still engaging public attention in Great Britain and on the Continent. Mr. Balfour, I First Lord of the Treasury, has, through the British Ambassador at St. Petersburg, in formed the Czar that the proposal has his E hearty sympathy. The French Ambassador I at Berlin states that it will be impossible even I to consider the proposition of a general disar- I mament until Egypt and the Suez Canal are i freed from -British influence. The Russian newspapers, commenting on the hostility of I France to the Czar's proposal, warn France i that it is useless to expect aid from SRussia in an attempt to recover from Germany I the lost provinces of Alsace and Lorraine. The journalists add that whilst France needs Rus sia, Russia does not need France. The suicide of Colonel Henry in the fortress of Mount Volerien, where be was taken after confessing the authorship' of a certain docu ment bearing on the Dreyfus cmse, and tond ing to confirm the guilt of Captain Dreyfus, has caused a great sensation in Paris. The authorities are accused of having connived at the suicide, which is stated to have occurred immediately after the visit of an officer belong ing to the general staff. It is declared that the officer in question ordered the sentry who was on duty at the time not to disturb the prisoner. An extraordinary session of Par liament to deal with this sensational develop \- ment will be held. The French Army Press I admits a revision of the Dreyfus case to be in evitable. The notorious Major Esterhazy," charged with dishonorable conduct in con nection with the Dreyfus trial, has been tried by. court martial, convicted and expelled from the army. The Paris correspondent of the "Times" states that the German Govern s ment refrained from supplying evidence likely o to clear Captain Dreyfus of the charges i. brought against him, because of a fear that the Is revelations might compromise General Bois n deffie, late chief of the staff of the French army, whose incapacity for: the office he. held favored Germany. The Court of Cassation has confirmed the decision not to prosecute MaIjor a Esterhazy. Madame Pays and Colonel it du Paty de Clam for the forging of telegrams s in connection with the Dreyfus case. Ms. e Cavaignac, Minister of War, still convinced ,e of Dreyfus' guilt, has resigned his position sooner than consent to the inevitable re opening of the case. e There has been heavy rain, on and off, \- during the past few days, notably on Friday morning and Sunday morning and evening. The following were the registrations at the Horsham Post Office :--Friday, 19. points i Saturday, 51 ; Monday, 36. This makes a It total of 106 points for the month so far ; and , a total for the year, to date, of 13 inches 28 it points. The total rainfall for last year was 13 e, inches 30 points, and the total for 1890, 12 it inches 58 points. Yesterday and last night wt were showery. Our Dimboola correspon. d deut writes :-Continuous rain since begin ning of mouth, during which period 72 points y have been registered. Thunderstorm last ' might accompanied by vivid lightning. On Sunday night, between eight and 10 e o'clock, Horsham was visited by a severe e thunderstorm. The lightning was intensely n vivid and the thunder, at times, - almost :t deafening. A lightning flash of extraor is dinary, almost terrific, brilliancy was experi enced about nine o'clock, and shortly after wards there was a tremendous peal of thunder. The lightning struck the chimney of a bedroom at Mr. R. P. Bennett's house, on the Dooen 1 Road. The chimney was torn down level :o with the roof of the house, the plaster on the walls and ceiling of the room was displaced re and the room itself, which was fortunately . unoccupied at the time, but in which 'Miss Bnnett had been a short time before, was filled with smoke and dust. Either the same n lightning flash or one immediately succeeding it struck the stand of a large overground iron Stank, the electricity shattering the wood work, and, travelling in an upward direction, tearing a large hole in the bottom of the tank, then full of water, which was very quickly emptied. When struck the building sensibly shook, as if disturbed by a severe shock of earthquake. S To-night the Rev. John Reid, M.A., the Spopular and talented University Extension h ecturer, will lecture in the Mechanics' Hall, in aid of the Institute Library fund, on 0Shakespeare-the Man and the Poet: or e England in the Days of Good Queem Bess. I The lecture, which may be relied upon to be s intensely interesting, will be illustrated by a a series of magnificent limelight views. The a mayor (Mr. H. F. Bradshaw, J.P.) will Spreside, and the entertainment is under the patronage of the Borough Council and the various associations for intellectual advance , ment in the town. The town clerk, Mr. Crouch, was on Satur day informed by wires from Mr. Brake and Mr. Pharez Phillips, I.P., that the Lands 1 Department had decided that the special board to deal with its applications, over 500 in'number, for the land included in ma!lee block 6iA, counties of Kgarkarooc and Weeah, known as Albacutya, recently resumed from the New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Co. and made available for selection, shall be held in Horsham, as being the town most Sconvenient to the largest number of appli Scants. The date of the board has not yet been Sfixed. Tihe land officer at Horsham, Mr. Kruger, has recommended that care be taken not to fix the beard so that it will sit on the 23rd September, the day of the Horsham show. For the vacancy in the replresentation of the North-east Riding of the Wimmora Shire occasioned by the resignation of Mlr. George Bodey, Mr. Walter Baker, who lhas been re quisitioned to contest the seat, will ahnost I certainly be a candidate. The names of Mr. C. Novotna, an ex-councillor, and Mr. Jamss I Bodey are also mentioned as tlhoise of likely aspirants. Mr. Albert Hobbs and Mr. Lee, who it was rumored would possibly be-Rich monds in the field, have both decided not to contest the riding. The result of the-first examiination of the eye sight of the employes, of all grades, at the Horsham Railway Station, held by Dr. Murray, have come to hand and show all the men to have satisfactorily responded to the severe test imposed. The results of the second examination, held a w~e~k later, .will probably be made known within the next few days. It is hoped that they will beo similarly satisfactory. : Accounts in connection with the Horshaun m Hospital Ball havonot yet been finally ad.. a justed, but the treasurer, Dr. Ricthie, is able to say that at least he will be able to hand over £60 clear to the hospital. ,This is a result upon which all concerned are to be beartily congratulated. . From all parts come to hand most encourag- ' ing reports of the prospects of the district 70 from an agriciltural point of view. The d following are quotations from letters received re from our correspondents:-Nurrabiel :"Every- Ih thing in general is excellent in this district. ma Nothing better have we had for the last three On or four years." Kewell: "The crops are a s looking well here at present. They have sel- wa dom looked better at this time of the year. Some are far advanced and cannot fail to ele yield well if we get a few showers during the present and cominig spring months." Jung of Jung: "Splendid rain again .. . The country presents a magnificent appearance Ts there being abundance of feed and the crops edi lookingwell." Quantong: "The present favor- Th able weather is producing pleasant prospects T' regarding the fruit and cereal crops, and grass is beginning to be more plentiful." Tooan ma East: "The weather during the past month has been all that could be desired. ... The pa splendid rain of last week has given the new G crops and grass another fine start." All our correspondents, naturally, regret the prospect El of a low price ruling next year for wheat. so The Horsham State school, which had been closed for six weeks in consequence of of an outbreak of diphtheria amongst the pupils, was opened yesterday with an to attendance of about 280, or something like ol two-thirds of the strength of the school. When, six weeks ago, the school was first be closed the Education Department promised to that thewalls ahould be at once distempered. The work, admittedly urgent and admittedly j necessary, has not yet been commenced. tI Comment is needless. tr Their Excellencies Lord and Lady Brassey, b who will be accompanied by the Countess of Delawarr and her two children, are returning to Victoria, via America and New Zealand.. e William Rogers, 63 years of age, admitted t1 some six months ago from Tooan, died in the I Horsham District Hospital, on Sunday, from a disease of the lungs. . e Strathfieldsayo, a town with a population of 86, in whici'b a ovement' in opposition to the r Government Budget proposals has struggled a to birth, must be a sweet-smelling place to live, move, and have one'b beingin. Small as a it is it contains (beside a State school, a a church, two stores and three-pubs), 12 slaugh I ter yards, one tannery, one soap and candle o manufactory and one meat preserving estab a lishment. Small wonder that the people of 7 this village are bilious and look with a jaun o diced eye upon a healthy proposal. The several privileges in connection with the annual Show of the Horsham and Wim mera District A. and P. Society were sold, by u auction, by Messrs.Young Bros. on Saturday. cr The following were the results of the sale: Publican's booth, .G. Nisbet, £14 18s ; l fruit stalls, H. P. Green, £4 7s Gd ; public luncheon and tea booths, with right to i supply stewards' luncheon, J. Anderson, t£1. The total resultof the sale was £10 17s Gd, d or £210s better than the result of the sale of last year. - t A meeting of the directors of the Horsham Butter FactoryConmpany was held on Friday, 1 the Chairman of Directors, Mr. Thos. Young, r- J. P., presiding. It was decided that the .factory should be re- opesied with all possible i despatch, and the meeting authorised the in -. viting of applications, returnable Ion Tuesday next, for the position of manager. Imme n diately upon this appointment being made d work at the factory, which has been suspended d for somne months, will be recommenced. A can vasser for supplies is to be appointed, and 'those who have been and should be suppliers ly to the affiliated creameries are to bh asked to do all in their power to ensure a regular and esubstntial supply of milk to each. Accounts were passed for payment and routine business , was transacted. - " Id Friday, 23rd September, the day of the as Horsham Show, has boen proclaimed a public ior holiday .in the.; Horsham Borough and the xel Wimmer. and. Arapiles Shires, and a bank ns holiday at Horsham.The show railway arrange. 11\. ments are advertised elsewhere. id On Sunday afternoon the 12-year-old son of on Mr. Joseph Riley, blacksmith of Horsham, re- fell from the tail end of a waggon, dislocating and fracturing his right elbow. Under the care of Dr. Heard he is progressing favorably. The bean guessing competition at MIr. J. SDripps' Boot Palace was decided yesterday. ay Representatives of the press were present, and Sa careful count revealed the number to be 375.: Over 2000 guesses Were sent in, no:less than seven persons guessing the correct number. Id The names of these were "placed in a hat, as 28 also the numbers'of the pages in the book repro 13 senting the names of the guessers, so that those 12 making thecount.. were not aware of. the ht names of the guessers. It was .decided that the first three names drawn from those of n. the successful' guessers should: be the three ts first.prize-takers. The names were as follow : l W. Beaumont, 1st; Dr. Heard, 2nd; H; Bodger, 3rd. 10 Mr. W. Lamont, railway ganger, whilst at work near Wail last week. waso viciously attacked by a large black snake. The snake coiled round his leg; from which it , could only be dislodged with the help of some men r working in the vicinity.. The reptile bit re- savagely at 1Mr. Lamont's- trousers, which for tunately were so thick that the snake's energy r. was all expended upon the good stiff stuff. so Mr. John Ryan, Diocesan Inspector, yester el day commenced his annual inspection of the: he Horsham Catholic Day-schools. ed The Council of the Shire of Strathfieldsaye, ly which has its head quarters at Strathfieldsaye, a tiny hamlet of 86 souls all told, has arisen in ,as its might to protest against the Progressive no Public Works and Development Policy of the ng Government, which in the opinion of these SSolons involves such "reckless borrowing," as must in the end entail additional taxation ng upon the producers in the country and so in-. en volve a hardship on the people of the pro. d. vinces. The municipal councils of the entire if colony are asked to take part in the opposi tion movement that has its origin in Stroth-. hefieldsaye and to request their Parliamentary representatives to oppose the Budget pro Sposals. The precious communication has reached the Horsham Borough Council, which un fortunately has a waste poper basket big or enough to hold it. SThie Kowree and Dimboola Shire Councils a have resolved to co-operate with the Wimmera he Shires Association in an endeavor to secure the ill institution of a uniform bonus of 5s on fox be destruction. Cr. Robertson, of the Kocree he council, was a dissentient from this determina :e tion, thinking that more foxes would be killed at 2s 6d than 5s. Dr. Bird has 80 cases of measles under treat ment at Natimuk. His friends will regret to know that Mr. 5 Alf. Hocking, formerly head teacher Norad C juha State school, ,appointedto Ringwood, has been laid up at Noradjuha with an attack Sof pleurisy, S The monthly mneeting of the Horsham SLadies' Benevolent Society was held on Fri " day. Present : ifedames Turner (president), st Cross, Rasmussen, Gray, lIillar, May, Moon, Peart, Misses O'Brien and Bennett. Dona n tions were received from Mr. Twycross, 10s, and a friend 5s. Accounts amounting to £7 S3s2dwere passed for psyment. Mrs. Druce and Miss O'Brieu were the visitors appointed for the month. ON THE FIRsBnT PuE of this issue will be f found a Cowardly Ghost, Ballarat Fat Stock o Market, Station Produce Markets. On tihe s Fourth page will be found reports of tihe -Kowren Shire Council and Kowree Water 1 Trust. A G6verunmet sale of towi n and comstry hlts, as advertised, will be Iheld by Metsrs. SYoung Bros. on thle 15th September. Messrs. Twycross and Co. during tise month will open up large supplies of new goods. The casesd to be dealt with by the cind Board to be held at Hiorsham, on 13thc Beptember, are advertised. isessrs. J. Langlands and Co., drapers andl grocers, are now dislaying a full assortment of now season's go Mrs. Lloyd announces that she has opensd a refreshment room is the premises next to the Ioesham Savings Bank. M essrs. James Petrie and Co., of the Union y Store, advertise their spring show of drapery. tatepayers in the Wimmera Shire are noti- 3 fed that a portion of the water rate to the \--Irrigation Trust will be paid by the shire on all rates paid by the end sf the present month. After thlat date the names of those in arrears will be hianded to the solicitor for collection. SParcels addressed to the following await deliyery at the Horsham Railway Stotion :- I nnet, arlAtheins, rs. Berr. Stafford, 0 ambi5 p e rent ege at Tooan will rni fr At Ararat the price of the 4 lb. loaf has been reduced to 5d. During the past few weeks some g0d hauls hare been made by anglers at Dii-ta, - man securing 13 Ibs. of fish in a .siog, do On Wednesday Mr. C. Vahlber? i nng day. a salmon which, according~ to the , agg was 60 lbs in weight. anner, Cr. Meldrum has bees nanheousy elected President of the b arktearooc Shily an allowance of £40. hreithL Cr. McCracken has been elected Preside of the Lawloit Shlre, with an allowanoe of ?eO We have received from the publishers Tasmania and Its Mineral Wealth a spe? edition of the "Australian Mining Stand-r?n The production is in every els"ct " creditable. It is rplee espet most illustrations,whilst the letterprss aificent guide to the great mining industey f lete Accounts for the followingare awajtie payment at the Horsham Sub-reau Giles, J. Comini, Noradjuha Cemeter5y s tees, H. Pearce, J. . SaahaUn, Wirnera Flour Mills, S. Carter, j, Urbhaons Jo Elliott, 1. R. iBolton, H. ICann, Cn , be. Cr. Whitney has been elected President of the Dimboola Shire, with an allowanc equal to 3 per cent. of the gross re.enu ce shire. Cr. Sallmann was re-elected, with only two dissentients, but refused to act as l election was not unanimous. Mr. Wright Smith, solicitor, of WVarraena. beal, who hae been n a trip to England is re. turning by the Himalaya, which will arre Mselbourne on Saturday. Accordin? to the ".West Australian" Mr. J. Newell Haynor, rote a clerk employed by the Railway Departmeont, was committed for trial at Northam on certain charges ol eno bezzlement. . On the 20th August Miss Lottie Har formerly teacher of the Nullan ?ailwa Station and Dunmunkle Vest State sehoes, was married to Mr. J. G. Bowman, captain o the steamer " Calcutta," which trades betwefn . India and Australia. I The Rev. A. W. Butler, Wesleyanl..inister, of Stawell, formerly of Warracknabeal and Horsham, is withdrawing from the ministry of that church to join the Presbyterian body. The bet fly has made its apearance in the Nhill district, and Mr. Frank Buckley, ol Lawloit, has lost a valuable horse from the pest. cIr. W. T. Shanasy, of Stawell, has had his place illuminated by a plant erected by the o Australian Wood Gas C3o., of Dimhoola. The Stawellites are much impressed by the new illuminant. All the passengers of the Stricken Chief, wrecked off the coast of Alaska, have, it has transpir.d, been saved. S A serious fire has occurred at Bristol, the scene of the conflagration being Colstonhall, sy where the Trades' Union Congress has been y. deliberatingfor some days past. Some of the -furniture was saved, bet the finle organ was completely ruined. The strike of coal miners in South WVal, o just settled on the teres laid down by the masters, has cost the district no less than seven n, millions sterling. d, The latest news to hand from China regard. of ing the rebellion in the province of Lwanosi, states that the rebels, who were repucrted to m be' nearing Canton, have fought two engage. , ments with the Chinese Imperials, who had been sent to oppose their advance towards the g, capital. In each case the Government troops he were badly defeated by the rebels. sle Colonel Vella, secretary to the Malta dock n- yards, is charged with embezzlitg )25,000. ay The Victorian Crown Law authorities, alter -. several weeks' consideration of the case where doa plausible swindler, calling himself "Lonrd Lewvis," pretended to be an English Justice of ed the Peace, adjudicated at and signed books in- and charge sheets of a suburban court, have ad decided that no case in the charge lies. ir 