THE BENEVOLENT SOCIETY. THE annual meeting of the Benevolent Society of New South. Wales appropriately served as an occasion for some interesting' statements as to the work done by that institution. The oldest of all our charit able institutions, it siill, no doubt, has a long career of usefulness before it, and probably a much, wider sphere of action than belonged to it in the past. However, there are many good rea sons for supposing that it is now very nigh to a turning point in its history. This mat ter was directly referred to by Sir Arthur Ben-wick in the course of the remarks which lie addressed to the meeting, and which com prised a brief sketch of the society 6ince its origin. The committee, he said, were desirous that the Government should resume the land, and give them some other site on which to erect a building more suitable to the requirements of the present time. A change of the kind, he considered, was absolutely necessary if the work of the society was to be properly carried on. That the old building has served its purpose has long since been admitted on all hands. There is as little hesitation on the part of anybody who has given the subject a moment's serious attention in admitting that when the new building is erected it should be in some other neighborhood. Even if the present site were as well adapted for an institution of the sort as it is de cidedly the contrary, there are yet uses to which it would be far more advisable to apply it. It is the direction naturally marked out for the extension of the Redfern Station. That an extension of some kind will be absolutely indispensable may be assumed for certain. No matter what schemes may be adopted with re spect to the extension of the railway citywards, and the erection of a new station nearer to the Circular Quay, the Redfern Station will doubtless still need to have its boundaries considerably enlarged. The Asylum grounds, with at least some portion of the adjoining cemetery, -would afford the required space. In fact, the extension of the Redfem Station in any other quarters is not to be thought of while those axe available. Any sentimental ideas on the question of interfering with the cemetery -will kave to give place to more practical ones. Sentiment with regard to the dead is all very well, but consideration for the living is a much more important thing. .Anyhow, to whatever purposes the site of the asylum be converted hereafter, it may be taken for granted that the removal - of- the institution is now only a question of time, and perhaps of a very short time. But what has been said on that particular topic in this instance must suffice. Attention may now be briefly directed to other matters touched on by Sir Arthur Renwick and the speakers who fol lowed him, which had more or less re ference to the particulars given in the annual report. From, this document it was to be learned that poverty had been on the, de crease. Still, during the first half of. the year, there had been but a slight diminution, in the cases of distress dealt with. Even with these qualifying remarks, the state ment as to the decrease ' of poverty is a tolerably satisfactory one, affording as it does such a fiat contradiction ? to ssertions so persistently made by ahoee who are opposed to the fiscal tpolicy of the present Government. According to their accounts poverty has been increasing in the most alarming manner. . Of course, there have been proofs to the contrary re peatedly given more than enough to satisfy anybody who approached the subject in anything like an impartial frame of. mind. The testimony of a Society whose mission it is to relieve cases of distress, and to ascertain where, poverty really exists, and -where -it does not, should be conclusive enough in its way. The poverty which so many of the protectionists are bewailing is indeed to a great extent a spectre conjured up by their own imaginations. At the same time it would at once be both wicked and foolish to deny that there is much— far too much— pf poverty here, and in all too dis mally real a shape: What may be moaji strenuously denied - is. that the freetrad© system which prevails has bad anything to do, with the matter. ; : The causes which haVe produced it are found to exist in ? a greater or less degreein ail populous centres In :. modern i slays. ...To i' ascribe .them -wholly to ? . fiscal systems of. any kind is to 'adopt ??'. one of the stalest devices of the political quack. Poverty is to be seen in as distressful a shape, to say the -very least of it, in protectionist New, -Ycirk a£ 'ia ; freetrade -London. To come nearer home, we find that our Melbourne neighbors, after more than, thirty years of protf«tiQji, 3»y» japblems enough to solve 'in connection with the impoverished section of the community. To wholly banish poverty is an idea which, it is to be feared, can only be entertained by mere dreamers. But -what has been accomplished by the Benevolent Society and by kindred bodies at any rate inspires the hope that poverty here may be prevented from becoming die chronic — and it may be added cancerous — disease which it is elsewhere. The intercolonial cricket match between Vic toria and New South Wales, which finished yesterday, added one more to the number of ear prises which the cricket field is responsible lor. The local players really allowed the victory to slip through their fingers, and go for the second time this season the elder colony hat had to strike its cricketing colors to Victoria.' It is all very well to lay the blame ou the weather and the wicket. If the wicket was bad for New South Walee batsmen after the first innings, it was worse for the Vic torians. No one will begrudge the visitors their victory, which they fairly won. They played pluckily and well, which our own men did not. On paper New South WaleB had the stronger team. No less thau five of the eleven' had played in test matches this season, and a sixth held the position of twelfth, man; while of the Victorian eleven, only three were test match players. But the visitors were better generalled than the local team. Garrett's weak generalship and worse play, indeed, must be held to have been largely the cause . of losing1 a match which, after the first innings, looked to be as good as won. The New South Wales captain 'was especially at fault in the use he made of his bowlers in the second innings. The match just concluded keeps Victoria with a substantial lead of New South. Wales in the total of intercolonial matches. As a guide te form for the next test match, which begins to-morrow, the intercolonial contest concluded yesterday is not of much value. The state of the ground was unfavorable, on the whole, to high scores after the first day. But such is the uncertainty of the game that, although the Australians would seem by. the two last test matches to be capable of easily lowering the colors of Stoddart's team, there need be no sur- j prise if the latter recover their earlier form and j tarn the tables. In that case the final match, on which the rubber depends, will assuredly be the match of the season. Though the drought is all over, and people are even . beginning to wish for the rain not to rain every day, the effects of the long spell of dry weather and scorching heat continue to be felt. In nothing is this more apparent than in connec tion with the wool traffic on the railway lines. From the latest quarterly report, issued by the Sailway Commissioners ittranspires thai there was a falling off in revenue for the quarter of .£14,863. Wool and Jive stock were solely responsible for this drop. The revenue f rocs wool was less by £17,336 than during the corresponding quarter of last year, and that from live stock was .£1.0,712 less. This, of course, is traceable to the severe drought through which the colony has passed, and which, of course, so seriously affects the pastoral industry. It is, however, gratifying to observe that in all other respects the railway returns are showing' -signs of improve ment. There was a substantial increase of pas senger traffic in every branch, amounting in the aggregate to £5847. Improved business is also reported in general merchandise and in coal and other minerals. The earnings of the tram lines hare also increased considerably. - Taken altogether, the railway returns afford a highly encouraging indication, of an improved condition of. things all round. Already in the Federal Convention a complaint has been uttered about the slow progress being made with business. It was thought before the sitting began that the whole of the business might be got through in three weeks. This was a much too sanguine view, and a rather strange one to be entertained by anyone familiar with the ways of Parliament men. But the Convention appears to ' be making haste even more slowly thau our own Legislative Assembly in its ordinarily loquacious moods. Yesterday the Convention had under consideration only two subjects during the sitting — conciliation and arbitration in labor disputes, and the exclusion of alien races. The former subject, after a close division,' was included among those -which the Federal Parliament should deal with; the latter was- talked about a good deal and adjourned for further consideration. It is said once again that the Convention dele gates are showing decided superiority in debat ing powers to members of the local legislatures generally. This is a dangerous compliment to pay men -whose business is talking. It is a direot encouragement to the vice of loquacity ; and is apparently having its natural effect on the delegates. Lord Boberts has been speaking in Dublin in the strain which might be expected from a veteran of his experience. He may not be able to say exactly as Wellington did on a memorable occasion, that he has 'seen as much of war as most men,' but certainly he has seen quite enough to give weight to any .opinions which he may think fit .to utter ou such a subject. The cable tells us that he spoke strongly as to the necessity of being prepared 4ot war, and uttered a warning as to the terrible results which follow unprepared ness. It is, at all events, quite certain that as war is waged now-a-days the nation which has to take a hand in that dreadful game will have to play it strictly on its merits, and with little chance of correcting any mistakes which may be made iu the first instance. 'I be issues will most likely be decided one way or another in a series of rapid strokes, which will permit of no breath ing time .at all. The murder of certain German missionaries coBt China one of her fineat ports. In a similar connection now it jnay perhaps be a tat slangy, but certainly not irrelevant, to ask : ' What price' a German sailor? It is announced iu one of to-day's cables that such a representative of his Imperial Majesty the Kaiser has, while guarding au extreme post at Kiao chou, been murdered by ta Chinese mob. It is to be presumed that the Brother of the Sun, with still lively recollections of the missionary episode and its sequel, will wish Mb faithful subjects had been a little less ready to make' another German ghOSt. . '-'. ?:? -..;;' ?'-.' ' ? ? ?'?- ;? .-? . .? ? ' ., :' 