; CHURCH "NE^S. j . .... -;-?-:- . A layman candidate for ordination is also expected to arrive in the colony ! shortly. The Rev. R. H. Moore, B.A. (T.C.D.), has ! volunteered, with the approval of his bishop and rector, for service in the Anglican Church of Western Australia. He is curate of St. Luke's, Belfast. Staff-captain Ross and Captain and Mrs. Hardy, of the Salvation army, who are appointed to the divisional staff, arrived by the steamer Bulimba at Fremantle last . Friday, and ware welcomed by a number of leading Salvationists on reaching Perth. Ensign Ballard and ..Captain Datson returned from the East last week. The ensign proceeded direct to Cue on business, and will return to Gerald- ton this week. At Fremantle, on Sunday morning, Mr. H. .Robson delivered a lecture on "The restoration of the Jews to Palestine." The lecturer stated that 45,003 Hebrews.'; had recently taken possession of Jerusalem, arid that 150,009 had settled in fae land of their forefathers. They had, he said, lately established 26 colonies in Syria, and all were uj^a most flourishing condition, while the materials were being preparad in Europe for the building of their sacred I temple. The social gathering at the Wesley Hall I on Monday took the form of a welcome to the new circuit ministers, the Revs. John A. Jeffreys and John "Weir 4 The Rev. G. E. Bowe presided, and extended a hearty wel- come to his. brother ministers. The Rev. J. A. Jeffreys then took charge of the. meeting, and a nuiriber of songs and reci- tations were very creditably given. Sister Marion also delivered an , address on the objects of the Christian Endeavour move-' ment! -* The Bev. Harry Darling, of University College, Durham, and the London College of Divinity, at present .itector of Kilpeacon, in the diocese of Limerick, has also volun- teered for service in this colony, and has been accepted, by the Bishop's commis- saries. He will leave in the course of a month. Mr. Darling was ordained deacon in 1885, and priest in 1886 by the Bishop of Norwich, and after serving several curacies in England and Ireland he became, in 1892, Rector of KUpeacon, where he has since remained. The picnic in connection with St. George's Sunday School took place on Saturday The children, teachers and clergy met ia St. George's Cathedral at 9.30 a.m., and a short service. was held. They then pro- ceeded to Matheson's jetty and embarked in two steamers for Point Walter On ar- rival at the ground the boys and giris in- dulged in various amusements. -There were 22 teachers present and a large num- ber of children. A. very pleasant day was spent, the party returning vto the city be- tween 5 and 6 o'clock. The Commissioner of Crown Lands has decided that in future only one town lot will be granted in each centre for church purposes, excepting in very special cases It has abo been determined that before any grants are made the Department shall have some reasonable assurance from the bodies applying for the grants that they intend carrying out the erection of places of worship within a reasonable time. A few days ago Mr Throssell- had brought under his notice a case of a body'which had secured grants in various localities, and. then wished to offer them for sale. A largely attended social was held last week by the Perth Baptist Church, when the pastor of the church (the Rev. A. S. Wilson) presided. The choir rendered appropriate music, with Mr. J. Learmonth as organist. The refreshments were in the hands of the deaconesses of the church, who were assiste! by the endeavourers, while Mr. Moody superintended the décoré ations. The Ber. A. S. Wilson spoke on "Conflict, Co-operation, and Conquest," applying it to the history'of the church, which was not yet three years old. Messrs. E.. Robinson, G. H. Cargeeg, F. Piercy, R. Fullerton and J. T. Eames also spoke. The affair was highly successful and en- couraging to the church. It was stated by the treasurer that the Easter offering, in- dependent of the usual Sunday offertory, was -£21 15s. The plans of the proposed new church were exhibited, and those pre- sent appeared highly satisfied with the compactness and convenience of the pro- posed structure. The annual Wesleyan Conference, held in Adelaide in last. March, set apart the Rev. G E. Rowe from circuit work as the chairman of the district, and the general superintendent of home missions. This appointment relieves him from the duties of the superintendency of the Perth cir- cuit. The Rev. J. A. Jeffreys, of Albany, has been appointed superintendent minister of the Perth circuit, and*he Rev. John Weir as one of the assistant ministers in lieu of the Rev. C. A. Jenkins, who bas been transferred to Kalgoorlie. On April 28 an induction service was held at Wesley Church, the Rev G. E. Rowe officiating. After the devotional services Mr. Rowe delivered an appropriate address, The hymn '* When Thy soldiers take their swords " was then sung YjT the congrega- tion, kneeling, after which'the induction prayer was offered, and Mr. Rowe then formally handed to the Rev. J. A. Jeffreys the church roll, and also extended the right hand ofr fellowship to the Rev. John Weir, greeting them both in the words, "lake heed unto yourselves and to ali the flock over which the Holy Ghost hath made you overseers, to feed the.Church of God which He hath purchased with His own blood." The first Easter meeting of parishioners since St. Paul's at Beaconsfield was consti- tuted a separate parish was held on Monday week in St. Paul's Parish- hall, 'Hampton road. The annual report and balance sheet showed thatgratifying progrese had been made in all «ranches of church work ¡ at Beaconsfield ' The election of the first vestry under the new order of things was j then proceeded with, and the rector (the Rev. E. Saunders) nominated as his church- j warden Mr. Howard Evans, Mr. fi. S,1 . Havillhemgele^tedpeopie'schurchwarden. ? The following will .constitute the new vestry ; - Messrs. Bishop, Carruthers, B. John, Lamb, Lloyd, Marshall, Murphy, Newbound, Phillips, and Porter, Messrs. Havill and Lloyd were elected synodmen for the next three years. On the succeed- ing Tuesday evening the first parishioners' social gathering in the parish-hall since the change of status was held. A pleasing programme of music and song was i rendered, Mrs. Lloyd (organist) and Mr. C. W. Randie (organist of St. John's, Fre- mantle) acting as accompinists. During the evening the rector presented Mr... Howard Evans, the retiring secretary, with an illuminated and framed address from the committee and parishioners, accom- panied with a choice copy of the "Oxford Workers' Bible," with maps and. plates, in recognition of the many years of service rendered by Mr. Evans to the church at Beaconsfield; dating back 'to its initiation. The address was the work of Mr. H. Bishop, a member of the choir. Mr. Evans suitably responded. Mr. C. W. Randie also addressed the .'meeting. * Refreshmmts were nan9,ed round. A meétiug of the executive committee'jof the West Australian Christian Endeavour Union was held last Friday evening in'the Wesley Vestry ; the president (Bsv. A." W¿ Bray) being in the chair. There were present:-The Rev. A. S. Wilson (viee-; president), Sister Marian, and a large repre- sentative gathering of delegates. After the reception of new delegates, the sugges- tions of the Hobart Convention were first considered, viz., the alteration in the junior pledge, the Harper's Bible study scheme, and the tenth legion. With regard to the Bible scheme, it was decided thatthe Australasian Union be asked to prepare another scheme in lieu of Dr. Harper's. Mr. Wilson explained the " tenth legion," »and a committee was formed to bring the matter before the societies and provide in- formation and literature on the matter. The general secretary reported progressive work on the fields and a large demand for information from the soeietieshy the secre- tary of the Melbourne Convention, 1898, which he urged all secretaries to supply immediately upon request being made by him for same. The look-out superintendent reported 16 visits made to flourishing societies. As choirmaster he informed the meeting that the choir was now ready, and would appear in'the Wesley Church, Fra* mantle, on the 18th May. The super- intendents of juveniles and of floating work and the convention secretary reported pro- gress, and the treasurer rendered a stite ment of accounts. It was decided that all intending visitors to the Melbourne Con« ventión of 189S ba asked to give in their names fx> the Perth convention secretary (Mr, Wilson). The general secretary announced that the subject for the next secretaries' meeting in May would ba " Christian Manliness." DONGABRI CHURCH NEWS.-The annual election of church wardens and vestrymen took place in the Dongarra Institute on I Thursday, April 28th. The meeting, which was largely attended, took the , form of a parish social. The rector first read the report and statement of accounts for the past year. The business of the evening was then proceeded with, the rector nominating Mr. Joseph Nairn as his warden, Mr. Pell was elected people's warden, and Messrs. W. E. Wass, Alfred Plester and James Nairn vestrymen. Major Hobbs and Mr. J. B. Percy were elected lay representatives to Synod. The.business of the evening being con- cluded, refreshments were handed round, '* and then dancing began, and all thoroughly enjoyed themselves. The ladies who pro- vided the refreshments were:-Mesdames Pell, Osborn, J. Nairn, Bayliss, H. Nairn, Moore, Bartlett, J. Criddle, Knowles, and Misses Nairn, Pollard and Criddle. 