THE NOVELIST. IN A HARBOUR CITY.* By Mrs. EVERARD COTES. (Sura Jeanecte Duncan.) CHAPTER XYII1. Finally the days of Laura Filberts so ion mi under the Livingstones" roof followed each other into the past that is not much pondered. Alicia at one time valued the impression that life in Calcutta disappeared entirely into this kind of history, that one s memory there was a rubbish heap of which one naturally did not trouble to stir up the dust. It gave a soothing wistfulneas to dis content to think this, which a discerning "lance might often have seen about her lips and evebrows as she lay back among her car rriiv cushions under the flatten- of the l-i;ih wind in the course of her evening ;? ve She had ceased latterly, however, io note particularly that or any impression, Such things require range and atmosphere, and she seemed to have no more command over these. Her outlook was blocked by crowding, narrowing facts. There was certainly no room for percep tions creditable to one's intellect or one's tn=te Also, it may be doubted whether Alicia would have tried the days of her hospitality to Captain Filbert by her gene ral standard of worthlessness. She turned awav from them more actively than from the rest, but It was because they bristled, naturally enough, with dilemmas and dis tresses which she made a literal effort to forget. As a matter of fact there were not very many days, and they were largely filled with millinery. Even the dilemmas and distresses, when they asserted themselves. \rere more or less oversvrept5 as if for the sake of decency, by billows of spotted mus- . lin, with which Celine. who felt the ro mance of the situation, made herself marvel lously clever. Celine, indeed, was worth in this exigency many times her wages. Alicia hastened to "lend" her to the fullest extent, and she spent hours with Miss Filbert contriving and arranging, a kind of conductor of her mistress's beneficence. It became plain that Laura preferred the conductor to the source, and they stitched together, while she, with careful reserves, watched for the casual sidelights upon modes and manners that came from the lip1 of the maid. At other times she occupied herself with her Bible. She had adopted, as will be -messed, the grateful theory of Mrs. Sand, that she had only changed the sphere of her ministra tions. She had several times felt, seated beside Celine, how grateful she ought to be that her spiritual paths for the future would be paths of such pleasantness, though Celine herself seemed to stand rather far from their border: probably because she was n Catholic. Mr?. Sand came occasionally to upbuild her. and after that Laura had al ways a fresh remembrance of haw much she had done in giving so generous a friend as Puff Lindsay to the army in Calcutta. Tt was reasonable enough that there should be a falling-off in Mr. Lindsay's at tendance just now, in Laura's absence, but when they were united Mrs. Sand hoped ' there would be very few evening services when she, the Ensign, would miss their bright faces. Lindsay himself came every afternoon, and Laura made his tea for him with precision, and pressed upon him, soli citously, everything there was to eat. He found her submissive and wishful to be plea sant. She sat np straight, and said it was much hotter than they had it this time of . year up-country, but nothing at all to com plain of yet. He also discovered her to be practical. She showed him the bills for the muslins, and explained one or two bargains. She seemed to wish to make it clear to him that it need not be, after all, so very expensive to take a wife. In the course of a few days one of the coBtumes was completed, and when he came she had It on, appearing be fore him for the first time in secular dress. The stays insisted a little cruelly on the lines of her figure, and the tight bodice be trayed her narrow chest. Above its frills her throat protruded unusually, with a curve outward like that of some wading birds, and her arms in their unaccustomed sleeves hung straight at her sides. She had put on the hat that matched; it was the kind of pretty disorderly hat with waving flowers that de mads the shadow of short hair along the forehead, and she had not thought of that way of making it becoming. Among these accessories the significance of her face retreated to a noint vague and distant; its liehtly nencilled lines seemed half erased. She made no demand upon him for admiration on this occasion: she seemed sufficiently satisfied with herself, hut after a time, when thev were sittine together on the sofa, and he'still pursued the lin^s of hpr varment with questioning eves, she re called him to the conventionalities of the situation. "Whv don't vnu put your arm round mv waist?" she said. The shin she took her departure in sailed from its iettv in the river at six oMnnV in the morning. Preparations for her comfort had been oomoleted over- mVht: indeed, sh" slent on board, and Thiff had onlv th<» dutv and the sentiment of actual parting in the morning. He found her in a sequestered eorner of the fresh swabhed quarter-deck. She wore her Army clothes-she had come on bovld In one of the muslins-and she was softly jrrJwr. ^rr,ni n<,vr Di'de nfthe shin arose, is mid rranvnin" f«p^ and shouted orders and the creaking rf the lamrajre-cnuie, the overruling sound of a hvmn Ensign Sand and a company had . ^ '?pay,fhe last rites to a wMn they should no nvore ring Jer "heavenly rom ' ' ' ah ffiftid; we must now bid w®'tc with Hted in heart, 5-soon we mutt $iirt." to her and God .ridentif fsi meant to sing the ship out of port. Lind say sat down beside the victim of the de monstration, and quietly took her hand. There was a oonsciousness, newly guilty, in his discomfort, which he owed, perhaps, to a ghost of futility that seemed to pace up and down before him between the rankB of the steamer chairs. Nevertheless, as she presently turned a calmed face to him with her pale apology, he had the sensation of a rebound toward the ideal that had finally perished in the spotted muslin, and when a little later he watched the long back ward trail of smoke as the steamer moved down the clear morning river, be remem bered that it was a satisfaction to have prevailed. The Sutlej had gone far on her tranquil course by the evening of a dinner in Middle ton-street, at which the guests, it was un derstood, were to proceed later to a party MR. JOHN HENN1NGS, SCKXJC ARTIST. given at Government-house by His Excel lency the Viceroy. Alicia, when she in cluded Duff in her invitations, felt assur ance that the steamer must by that time have reached Aden, and rose almost with buoyancy to the illusion you can make, if you like, with the geographical mile. She could hardly have left him out in any case he could almost have demanded an explana tion-since it was one of those parties which she gave every now and then, un discouraged, with the focus of Hilda Howe. It had to be every now and then, be cause Calcutta society was so little adapted to appreciate meeting talented actresses. There were so many people whom Alicia had to consider as to whether they would "mind." Hilda marvelled at the sanguine persistence of Miss Livingstone's efforts in this direction, the results were so fragmen tary, so dislocated, and indecisive, but she also rejoiced. She took life, as may have appeared, at a broad and generous level. It quite comprehended the salient points of a Calcutta dinner party; and it was sel dom that she failed, metaphorically speak ing, to carry away a bone from the feast, if you found this reprehensible, «h? wnuM !nve told you, she had observed, they do it in Japan, where manners are the beat in the world. Doubtless Hilda would have dwelt longer upon such a dinner party than I, with no coii«ol;itory bone to gnaw in private, find mv?elf inclined to do. To me it is depress ing and a little cruel, to be compelled to one time the daughter of a Lieutenant-Go vernor. The Barberrvs were there, because. Mrs. Barberry loved meeting anybody that was clever, admired brains beyond everything, and an A.D.C. who had to be asked be cause Mrs. Barberry was, and Captain Sal ter Symmes, who took leading male parts in Mr. Pinero's plays, when they were pro duced in Simla, and was invariably consi dered up there to have done them better than any professional they have at home, though ne was even more successful as a contortionist when the entertainment hap pened to be a burlesque. Taking Hilda and Lindsay, and Stephen Arnold, as a basis, Alicia had built up her party, with the con tortionist, as it were, at the apex, on his head. The Livingstones had family connection with a leading London publishing firm, and Alicia mffv possibly have reflected, as she surveyed ner completed work, how much better than capering captains she could have done In Chelsea, though It cannot be admit ted likely that she would harbour, at that particular instant, so ungracious a thought. And indeed it was a creditable party; it would almost unanimously call itself, next day, a delightful one. Miss Howe made the most agreeable excitement. You might almost have heard the heart- beats of the wife of the literary, and on one occasion cur rent civilian, as she just" escaped being in troduced, and so availed herself of the din ner's opportunity for intimate observation without letting herself In a particle- most clever. Mrs. Barberry, of course, rushed upon the spear. She aiwavs did, and made a gushing little speech with every eye upon her in the middle of the room, without a thought of consequences. The A.D.C. was also empresse, one would have thought that he was acting himself, the way he bowed and picked up Hilda's fan. A grace lingered in it from the minuet he had danced the week before, in ruffles and patches, with the daughter of the Com mander-in-Chief. Duff got out of the way to enable the newly-introduced head of the department of Education to in form Miss Howe that he never went to the tlip.it re in Onlcutta himself it was much too badly ventilated; and Stephen Arnold, arriving late, shot like an embarrassed arrow through the company to Alicia's side, and was still engaged there in grieved explanation when dinner was an nounced. Then- were pink water-lilies, and Stephen said grace. Those were the pictorial features. Half of the people had taken their seats when he be pan. There was a hasty scramble and a decorous, half-checked smile. Hilda, at the first word of the brief formula, blushed hotly; then she stood, while he spoke with bowed head and clasped hands, like a reverently-inclining statue. Her lQng ':i>-hrs hnishfd ner eh^ek. She drew a kind of isolation from the way her manner un derlined the office. The civilian's wife, with a side-glance, settled it offhand that she was absurdly affected, and, indeed, to an acuter intelligence it might have looked as if she took, with the artistry of habit, a cue that was not offered. That was the one instant, however, in which the civilian's wife, observing the actress, was gratified, and it was so brief that she complained afterwards that Miss Howe was disappointing. She certainly went out of her way to be normal. Since it was her daily business to personate ex ceptional individuals, it seemed to be her pleasure that night to be like everybody else. She did it on opulent lines. There was a richness in her agreement that the iroing was as hard as iron on the Ellen - borough coarse, and a soft ingenuousness in her inquiries about punkahs and the brain-fever bird that might have aroused suspicion; but after a brief struggle to re spond to the unusualness she ought to have represented, Alicia's guests gratefully ac cepted her on their own terms instead. She expanded in the light and the glow and the circumstance; she looked with warm pleasure at the orchids the men wore, and the jewelled necks, of the women. The social essence of Alicia's little dinner party FIRST HOT BAY AT THE SEASIDE. betray the inadequacy of the personal ele ment at Alicia's banquets, especially in con nection with the conspicuous excellence of the cooking. A poverty of cuisine would have pro voiced no contrast, and one irony the less would have been offered up to the gpds that season. The limitations of her resourcea were, of course, arbitrary. That is plain, in the fact that she asked such a person as the head of the Department of Eduction, with no better reason than that he, had laid almost the whole of Shelley under critical notes for the benefit of Cal cutta University, anfl the necessary item hife wife,, who aid. even less harm by mak ing exquisite lamp-Bbadee. There was a civilian who bad written a few years before an article in the "Nineteenth Century" abbot the aboriginal tribe* of MadnU, *nd the tody attached to him, who h»d btm at passed into her, and she moved her head like the civilian's wife. ... She felt the champagne investing her chatter arid the chatter~of the head of the department of Education with tbe most satisfying qualities^ which were only very slightly dashed When she glanced over the brim of her glass at Stephen, sitting at the turn of tbe oval, giving a gravely humble but perfunctory attention to Mrs. Barberry and drinking water. The occasion grew before her into a' gorgeous flower, living, pulsating, and in the heart of its light ana colour the petab closed over her secret, over him, the unconscious print with the slop ing shoulders, thinking of abstinence and listening to Ma. Btrbeny. It transpired when tbe men came up that there wm no unanimity about going to Go iy.V 'w^- ... vernment-house. The Livingstones craved the necessity of absence, if anyone would supply it by staying on; it would be a boon they said, and cited the advancement of the season. "One gets to bed so much earlier," Surgeon-Major Livingstone urged, at which Alicia raised her eyebrowB, and everybody laughed. Lindsay elected to gratify them, with the proclaimed purpose of see ing how long Livingstone could be kept up, and the civilian pair agreed, apparently from an inert tendency to remain seated. The A.D.C. had, of course, to go, duty called him, and he de clared a sense of slighted hospitality that anybody should remain behind. . "Besides," he cried, with ingenuous privilege, "who's goin' to chaperone Miss Howe?',' Hilda stood in the midst. Tall in violet velvet, she had a flush that made her mag nificent; her eyes ivere deep and soft. It was patent that she was out of proportion to the other women, body and soul; there was altogether too much of her, and it was only the men, when Captain Corby spoke, who looked silently responsive. "We're coming away so early," said Mrs. Barberry, buttoning her glove. Hilda had begun to smile; and indeed the situation had its humour, but there was also behind her eyes an appreciation of another sort. "Don't," she said to Alicia in the low quick reach of her prompting tone, as if the other had mistaken her cue, but the moment hardly permitted retreat, and Alicia turned an unflinching graceful front to the lady in the Department of Education. "Then I think I must ask you," she said. The educational husband mas standing so.near Hilda that she got the very dregs of the glance of consternation his little wife gave nirn as she replied, a trifle red and stiff, that she was sure she wou'd be delighted. "Nobody suggests me!" exclaimed Captain Corby resent fully. They were gathered in THK SIRDAR, SIR HERBERT KITCHENER. the ball, the carriages were driving to the open door, the Qatberrys' glistening brougham whisking them off, and then the battered vehicle in Hirafrte hire.- It had an air of ludicruos forlornity, with its damaged paint and its tied-up harness. Hilda, when its door closed upon the purple vision of her, might have been a modern Cinderella in mid-stage of backward transformation. "I could chaperone you all!" she cried gaily back to them, as she passed down the steps, and -in th^ belief of"the general ex cl.unatioft it .SeepkM teasopaBJe enough that Stephen Arnold should l&an; into the gharry to sot that she was quite comfortable. The unuiuali thing? W*rhn/| nobody ielse heard, wasvtbaKhe sain TO Her with shamed discotpfra. "It doesn't qdin^er-it doesn't Nrfji.u matter," and that Hilda driving away found Hereelf without a voice to answer the good nights they choruesed after her. Arnold begged a seat in Captain CoAy's dog-cart, and Hilda, with her purple train in her lap, heard the wheels following all the way. She re-encountered the lady to whom she had been entrusted, whose name it occurs to me was Winstick, in the cloak room. They were late; there was hardly anybody else but the attendants, and Mn. Winstick smiled freely, and said she loved the colour of Hilda's dress, also that she would give worlds for an invisible hairpin -oh, think you!-and thatitwaa simply ducky of Her Excellency to have pink Sowaer as well aa white put out. She did ope Min Howe would enjoy the evening they would meet again later on; ahe must potjfpiyet to look at the ohtraam pillaxv in the ballroom-perfectly IovcI^rTT vanished, but Hilda went with certti^e into the corridor to find Arnold naoWT 5' and down the red strip of carrot wiM, hands clasped behind him, and'his v. ! thrust forward, waiting for hor ° They dropped together into 'the 0P.to, and walked among well-dressed men in civilian black and toeu in up and down the pillared epacrs ,,f th** kS' room. People had not been ask.-l to dan* and they seemed to walk about chiefly f observation. There was, of course, the If portunity of talking and of listening t0 T band, which discoursed in a corner behind palms, but the distraction wh:,h is tu social Nemesis of a .bureaucracy was in t£ air, visibly increasing in the neighWr! hoods of the Viceroy and the ' -mmander in- chief, and made the commonplace* people uttered to each other disjointed and fragmentary, while it was plain that few were aware whether music was being ren dered or not. Anyone sensitive to pervad ing mental currents in gathering of the sort would have found the relief of concen tration and directness only near ihe buffet that rah along one side of the ror.n, wilere the natural instinct played, without impedi ment, upon soup and sandwiches. They did not look much at Hilda, even on the arm of her liveried priest. She was a strange vessel, sailing m from beyond their ken, and her pilot was almost as novel, yet they were incurious. Their in terests were not in any way diffused; they had one straight line, and it led upward, pausing at the personalities clerked above them, with an ultimate point in the head of a department. The head of the depart ment was the only person unaware, when addressed, of a travelling eye in search over his shoulder of somebody with whom it would be more advantageous to converse. Yet there were a few people apparently not altogether indifferent to the presence of Miss Howe. She saw them here and there, and when Arnold said, "It must seem odd to you, but I know hardly anybody heie. We attempt no social duties," she singled out this one and that, whom Alicia had asked to meet her, and mentioned them to him with . - v - - warm pleasure in im plying one of the advantages of belwrnne to the world rather than to (he t-ini^ter Stephen knew their names and their dW ties; he received what she said with «mit nbly-impressed eyebrow, and nod?; of con siderate assent. Hilda carried him alone, a« it were in their direction. She was full that night of a triumphant sense of her own vitality her success ond valje as a human unit There was that in her blood which assured her of a welcome; it had lo<»ie in it, with the basis of her rarity, her force, her dis tinction among other women. She pressed forward to human fel'owsliip with a smile r.n her Jips, as a delightful matter of course, going toward the people who were not indifferent to the fact that she was there, who could not be, entirely, since they had some Sort of knowledge of her. In no case did they ignore her, hut they are so cheerfully engaged in conversation that they were usually quite oblivions of her. She encountensd this .miniated ab sorptjon two or three times, then turning she found that the absorbed ones had changed their places, were no longer in her path. One lady put herself at a safe ; distance and then bowed, with much cor diality. It was extraordinary in a jrroup of live, how many glistening hac^r be presented, quite without offence to her approach. Mrs. Winstick had hidden be hind the Superintendent of Stamps and Stationery, to whom she was explaining between spoonfuls of strawberry ice, her terrible situation, and from the lips of another lady, whose face she knew, she heard ;>s she passed, "Don't YOU think it"* cither an omnium gatherum?" It was like Hilda Howe to note, at that moment, with serious interest, bow the little world about them bad the same nega tive attitude for the missionary priest be side her, presenting it with a hardly per ceptible difference. Within its ljmitations there was plainly no room for him either. His acquaintances-he had a few-bowed with the kind of respect which insists on distance, and in the wandering eyes of the others it was plain that he did not exist. She saw, too, with a very delicate plea sure, that be carried himself in his grave humility untouched and unconscious. Ex pecting nothing, be waB unaware i hat he received nothing. It \vas odd, an 1 in its way charming, that she who saw a;;J knew drew from their mutual grievance . sense of pitiful protection from him, the neon scious one. For himself, the tide bore her on was too deep to let thes !iins;a hurt her. She looked down and ???>«* the soreness and humiliation of then pictori ally, at the bottom, gliding smoovhlv over They brought no stereotype to l.er smile, no dissonance to what Bhe found to nv. When at last she and Arnold sat do*vn together, her standpoint was still superior, and she herself was so aloof from it all that she could talk about it without bitterness, divoroing the personal pang from a social manifestation of some dramatic value. Tn offering up her egotism that way, Bhe ren,iy only made more subtle sacrifices to it, but one could hardly expect such a considera tion, just then, to give her pause. !^be anointed his eyelids, she made mm see, and he was relieved to find in her bjrlit comment that she took the typical Irs. Winstick less seriously than he had : ap posed when they drove away from the Livingstones. It could not occur to h, n to correct his impression then by the sou- l ot his own voice uttering sympathy. "But I know now what a wave feel dashing Bgainst a cliff," she said. my thinking I could impose myself. Is the wave's reflection.' "It soeB back into the sea which is it and there," said the_ priest, whom : .if. 'IR'V I'liat . i\vn, ,:ure 9 OUU x Vjjjun, »<3 change and mystery, with joy in the i' edi ence of the tides and a full beating ;||W" many shores." "Ah, my sea! I hear it calling n; ay^. even," she said, half reflectively, "" pp ' am talking to you. But sometimes 1 I am not a wave at all, only a shell. ' 1 stranded and left, always with the c;>l!1 P1,1 my ears, she seemed to have dropped itto getber into reverie, and then looked u]' denly, laughing, because he could I10t understand. "After all," Bhe said practically, has that goi to do with it? One d";'sn 1 Wamethese people. They are stupid, t wit * all. They want the obvious. The leading lady of Mr. Llewellyn Stanhope- without the smallest diamond-who does sonn a11(1 dance on Saturday nightB-what can yon ex pect! If I were famouB they would jm* pleased enough to Bee me. It Is one of the rewards of fame." She was silent f°r a moment, and then she added, "They a« veirpoor." *Tno»e re wards? I have foroetwei \-- . , ,M said, "that you were not tlioutf1'1"- , ,;r~t for them. " (U-votin1' |V( together, you and 1, sne -W 1,1'! ' ,"l never an*." I S face value. They had had He <».;" ? ,'inVersations. If her words mum'(il'K ''''I,inn i» him it was the re '' ,1,.,^ The soiace of her com iiii"11"1,1' ..'?.-I'ilied itself to him again, niiiii11"1"'11 ' liKTUHNING W^HORE. .m,] |l(., 11t'i) l gave their mut&al-eonfi; Iciin' ;m>?'1 ? iliat ivas all. Tln-'v . wicn'o they were lor balf-an Imiir. an i nething like antagonism and lii^jjloasuT?? ' ?'?'ifd the secretaries' wives titled ui : mom, from which Hilda, in iei-)iij)t:iu :iance or two from the ladies puiTing i - 1 ilrew suspicion. "I am going n<,«\" sin iid. "It-it isn't quite suitable jii'iv." :inTe was just enough sugges tion in ihc I'nint of her fan to make him think of hi- I'nick. "It is an unpardonable tniih thai ;i' « e talk anv longer I shall make >Mple talk .! J unit you.' ' He tunir i astonished eyes upon her, eyea ,i] uliifli -Ik' remembered afterwards there hm- ;il)sn]nii'ly nothing but a literal and pained ajijiivhi'iision of what she said. "You GOING ON BOARD. aiv n p, 1 woman," he exclaimed, "How wu'.J sin li a thing be possible!" J lie f;ii!iu:\st embarrassment, the merest >ui:gi'fti"!i of distress, came into her face and uomvntrated in her eyes, which she rixcd ii]iMil him as if she would bring hia words tu the last analysis, and answer him ;i>f!ie w .. i answer a tribunal. A p...: u nman?" she repeated, "I don't ktiuw- i~i. i that a refinement of virtue? No, Man.;.ii;: on my Bex I make no claim, li'.u ;is ] ; U' go i am good. Yes, I am L'uod." In i)i> .,'s you are splendid," he replied, 'iiidii. ,! 1 gave her his arm. They went t>Tilii'i -iJuugh the reception- rooms, and iiie aiij i. iiuion of her ^rew in him. If in tnc lii'iL'i and silken distance he had not aT hi- : -hop, it might have glowed into a il l diali y ' ! speech with his distinctive Indi vidual mon it. But he saw hiB bishop, n:* lightened on him, and he ut "i: ;iio trite saying about the folly l'ie sensibility of swine. ' e laughed into her good-night to him. : j'm noj gurg that It Isn't better to be tl.- ,p than the pearl." HANDKERCHIEF WAVEKS, "ALL CLEAR." OUT IN THE STREAM. A LAST LOOK. LAST WORD FROM QUAY TO SHIP. LEADSMAN : FIRST CAST ON LEAVING THE WHARF. GOOD-BYE.' DOWN THE HARBOUR. ?"M1T.1BH MATT. nPPAPTTTRE DAY. 8YDMTO. Qtmrj im Oa., Photo-, Sydney.) 