ON THE TRAIL T0: THE I KLONDIKE. ! The following i9 contributed by a corre' spondent of the Melbourne Argus : — Porcupine River, Skagway Trail, Alaska, January 3L I left Seattle, which is the U.S. outfitting point for the Klondyke, on the 12th of January, with 1.000 lb. of nrovisiou6 and a full outfit sufficient to last one man one year, which cost £75, and the expense of freighting same to Skagway amounted to £2 5s. The passenger rate was £8 lirst class and £5 second class. Every available freight and passenger space on the steamer was crowded, carrying 825 passengers and 1,250 tons of freight. The steamer left the docks at midnight on the 12th of January, and reached Victoria, British Columbia, at 4 o'clock in the after noon of the 13th, where a considerable amount of freight and 40 passengers were taken aboard. At 9 o'clock of the same day Vancouver, the outfitting point for British Columbia, was reached, where no fewer than 15 stowaways were put ashore, and some 20 more passengers came aboard. Tho accommodation of the steamer was by this time unable to cope with the pas Beugers. Men and women were sleeping on the floors, tables, and chairs, and every space was occupied ; whilst the meals were set up table after table, breakfast, lunch, and dinner following in unbroken succession from G o'clock in the morning till half-past 7 o'clock in the evening, lu the steerage matters were infinitely worse, the forward hatches being blocked with horses, mules, and oxen. After leaving Vancouver no fewer than 27 stowaways were discovered on board, and were set to work in various capacities. The passengers consisted of a very cosmo politan crowd of tradesmen, broken-down bankers, and men who at one time held high and responsible positions, and were making for Alaska to retrieve their broken fortunes ; women going to open restaurants, laundries, stores, and other businesses, actresses, dance hall artists, gamblers, swindlers, and men of every type and nationality. On the afternoon of the Hth the first and only rough weather to be met with on the trip was encountered, nainel}1, in Queen Char lotte Sound, and fully two-thirds of the pas sengers were soon fully occupied with the troubles of mal-de-mer. Two of the passengers standing on the upper deck were holding on to a rope attached to the headlight of the mast, when the ship gave a particularly heavy roll, and the head light — a cumbrous affair, weighing about 25 lb. — came down, and smashed the skull of one named Gainachie, a Briton, from Mon treal, B.C. Later on in the evening a sea sick passenger rolled overboard, and was never heard of again. ? The next morning Wrangel, in Alaska, was reached, and smooth water was again met with, to the satisfaction of the seasick pas sengers. A few of theKIondykers went ashore here to attempt to cross the Daulton trail to Dawson City ; but the route is not a good one, and few have, so far, crossed it successfully. The scenery from Wrangel, through the narrows, is superbly grand. Towering snowy mountains, with glaciers on the top, rise up with fascinating grandeur, and icebergs almost fill the narrow channels through which the steamer ploughs her course northward. On Sunday evening Juneau, the largest city in Alaska, was reauhed, and as the steamer lay there five hours the majority of the passengers went ashore and took in the j sights of the city, which consisted Of a mini- ' ber of wooden buildings, principally -saloons, gambling bouses, danoe halls, and restau rants; all the streets being built entirely of wood and lit by electric light. A tremendous lot of money is won and lost in the gambling houses in this city. Quite a number of wealthy Kkmdykers come down from the interior to spend the winter in Juneau. Faro banks, poker, roulette tables, wheels of fortune (or misfortune), dice throw ing, and sundry other games are played by gamblers, no laws being enforced against them. ' Leaving Juueau in a very heavy snowstorm the good ship steamed northwards 100 miles, and reached Skagway on Monday morning, the 17th inst., without further mishap. I was much surprised at the general appearance and magnitude of the new town of Skagway, which in August last was a desolate muddy beach. It is now a city with a population of 5,000 inhabitants, and is being added to almost daily by the airival of steamers bringing from 100 to GOO passengers. Skagway has a bank, post-office, electric light, laundries^ a brewery, the United States Recorder's ofhee, weekly paper, dance-halls, gambling saloons, and hotels galore. Dyea is also an energetic and thriving town, its growth during the past three mouths having been phenomenal. Buildings are going up in both towns as fast as men can put them to gether, and both are handicapped by the scarcity of lumber, even at the high prices of £12 to £15 per 1,000 ft. The business of smuggling whisky seems to employ a large number of the citizens of Skagway, judging by the amount daily consumed. The United States Custom-house officials are very vigilant, and during the first week of my stay there seized between £1,500 and £2,000 worth. After the first excitement of the steamer's arrival had subsided we got our outfits on to horse-sleighs, and we sleighed along the wharf, which is about half a mile long, on account of the high tides, and skimmed over the frozen streets, with the sleigh belh ringing merrily, to a hotel, where we got accommodation at £1 per day. After resting a for a few davs in the city, waking preparations for our trip over the trail and looking i-ound the town, which consists of, principally, roughly-hewn log buildings, with a few well-constructed two storied buildings, we started up the trail on sleds, with reasonably fine weather. Reason ably fine weather here is at 5U above zero, with light snow falling and no wind. The first day four of us sledded our outfits of 1,000 lb. each about seven miles over a well packed snow, and then made a camp and erected our tents, after clearing away about 3 ft. of snow off the frozen ground and ice. About 5 o'clock we noticed a somewhat silent procession slowly moving along down the., trail. Investigation proved it to be a party carrying the corpse of a man who, whilst attempting to cross over White Pass summit, had been frozen to death. He was a young man, a barber by trade, from Michigan, U.S. Ho had been caught in one of the storms which are of frequent occurrence near tho summit, and in trying to save his provisions had lost his life. After placing a layer of boughs on the ice in the tent, we got the stove going, and kept ourselves reasonably warm. After supper of fried bacon and beans we each crawled into a sleeping-bag, and endeavored to keep the icy air out and to sle'jp in spite of the terribly annoying howling of the innumerable hun dreds of dogs owned by tiie Klondykers camped all around. Their prolonged, melan choly howling, however, made sleep almost impossible, and after spending a restless night rolling around in the bags we arose, | ;o find it had snowed about a foot during the night, and had frozen hard at daybreak. After lighting the stove, the first surprise was the bucket of water, which was as solid as rock. The meat also had to be thawed out before it could 'be cut; the canned milk was frozen ; and, worst of all, our socks and boots were like boards. The stove, however, straightened these inconveniences out in a very short time. Having done 6ome hard work the previous day, we naturally Blept in till daylight, ^which is broad at about half -past 9 a.m., and with the difficulties of lighting the stove and cooking breakfast our second (day was almost gone before we were ready to start again. Next day we started out afresh in a biting wind, which would freeze the breath on your face. One of the party, a bearded man, looked like a ghost carrying round a frozen mat on his cheeks. On account of -the unfavorable wind we only covered four miles of the journey, and camped beyond the Porcupine River, about four miles from the summit and six miles from the dreaded White Pass. The trail over which we had come was over frozen ice on the Skagway River route, and the wind blew down the canyon between the mountains, raising snow like dust, which would blind and freeze one. At this camp it is advisable to await a fine day, and rush the outfit as near the summit as possible, and trust to luck to get it through before a blizzard or storm comes up from the lakes on the other side. We have been waiting here eight days up to date for a favorable day to make the rush, and so far have not succeeded. The thermometer varies from zero to 15° and 20° below. Yester day a man attempted to rush over but failed, and returned with a frozen foot. We spend the day hugging the stove ov col lecting firewood, and at night-time vainly try to keep the air warm enough in the tent to Bleep comfortably. Yesterday morning one of the party awoke with a lump of ice 3 in. thick on his coat, where his breath had frozen as he slept. Numbers of men are frequently met with frozen ears and fingers, in spite of mitts and ear covers. The north winds blowing through the pass are positively unfaceable by 'man or beast. A few men from Dawson came through on foot a few days ago, and report positive shortage at Daw son, though, if the available food is judiciously distributed amongst the miners there no actual starvation will occur. Yet men — miners there — worth thousands and thousands of pounds will be agreeable to forfeit their claims for a ' square meal' before the supplies get in. z February 1. Being unable to cross the summit in the gale and snowstorm which has prevailed here during the past five days 1 returned to Skug way for .mail to-day, and found the town crowded with Klondykers waiting for more favorable weather before starting over the trail. The steamer Corona, which left Vancouver on the 20th of January for Skagway with over 230 passengers and with dogs, goats, horses, mules, oxen, and a miscellaneous cargo of freight, struck on a rock off Dixon's Entrance, and the captain, finding the pumps utterly unable to cope with the inrushing water, steamed full speed for a small island- about a mile distant, and ran her ashore, where the passengers were safely landed. Many of the dogs, horses, and other packing animals were drowped, whilst all the cargo was lost. She sank in six hours after the second strike. The passengers had a very cold and un pleasant wait of about 10 hours on a desolate snowy island before the steamer Alki picked them up and conveyed them to Skagway. Many of the passengers had invested all their worldly capital in Alaska outfits, and lost everything. This is the second steamer which has gone down on an unknown rock in this vicinity inside of six months. This morning about 1 o'clock a row took place at the People's Theatre, which con sists of a large wooden building, with a cheap theatre and dance-hall in the back portion, and little bpxea on either Bide where men can drink with the women 'who do a turn' on the stage ; the front portion being used for gambling of all kinds, principally 'dead-sure' games, as the American calls them, a saloon occupying the front entrance. A man named McCredy, a teamster, had spent the evening there, and when slightly intoxicated entered one of the boxes and got carousing with one of the 'Circassian Beauties,' .when she, with the adroitness usual to her class, picked his pocket of 50 dollars (£10). He discovered his loss at the bar, and accused tho girl before the bar-tender, who, by the way, was on very friendly terms with this particular maiden. The bar-tender wanted to throw McOredy out, and in the tussel McCredy got considerably knocked about. He avowed his intention of fetching the United States marshal and forcing the girl to give up his money. He did so ; the bar- tender awaited his return with a revolver handy, and the moment McCredy entered the saloon the bar tender shot him dead. The United States deputy- marshal (the only representative of law and order in this town) entered the door im mediately behind McCredy, and was also shot dead, and the bar-tender was hustled away. At a meeting of the townsmen hero to-night it was decided to lynch him, the lynching to take place as soon as he is found. As it is impossible for him to go over the summit, and equally impossible to escape by boat, as the sea is too rough for small craft, he will, no doubt, be hanged before to-morrow night. But as this will leave for the Vancouver mail to- morrow morning I will be unable to forward details of the lynching. Another row on a smaller scale took place at the rear of Clancy's saloon about 6 o'clock to-night, when two men quarrelled about a lot, when one placed his hand on his hip pocket, as he says to get out his pocket hand kerchief, when the other, thinking he was drawing on him, shot him, the bullet passing through the fleshy portion of tho leg below the knee. At a large meeting of the vigilance com mittee to-night it was decided to draw up a list of all the 'crooks' in Skagway and run them out of town. If they make a good job of it Skag way will be 'almost deserted.' There are quite a number- of Australians here, more especially from West Australia, though very few will attempt to go through. The report circulated some time ago that Slavin, the pugilist, had died at Dawson City is untrue. I interviewed him at Skagway i some three veeks ago. He has made quite a stake in the Klondyke, though he does not like the country. He gave many exhibitions at Dawson City and won several fights there. He made the most of his money steadily working on 'a lay' — that is, working on a claim on the tributers' system, or on a per- j centage of tho gold obtained. He says he has ? made as much as £20 a day and never less ' than £2. When asked his opinion of the country he says, ' In the winter it's too cold to work, and the grub — bacon and beans — will j ruin a man's health. In the summer it's too : hot to work, and the insects, more especially the 'skeeters,' will ruin a man's patience.' Whilst writing this on a candle-box in my tent the wind howls down the canyon, and the cold has frozen a tin of canned pears, some of which I ate for supper, in spite of the heat from a good stove in the tent. We expect to \ make a rush over the summit within the next j few days. Horsefeed to-day in Skagway was I selling at £21 10s. a ton — 102 to 115 ' dollars. The incoming steamers will not carry j freight, preferring to fill the space with ! passengers. ' 