THE CARTAHET AFFAIR. A NOVEL. . . ., , MT ST.' GEORGE RATHBORNE. CHAPTER XXV.— (Continued.) " Thoy were word for. word .just . as ,.I . have given them' to you ; ' I know it, tor it seems as though' they were burned on my brain in letters of fire. I will repeat them-: ' It is a lie — a base lie 1 Fire and, water cannot destroy her ! She is immortal ;' But he, the arch-devil— he mUst die! — he who puts this lie here 1' ' 1 Let, us see what lies in that tirade. By the roferenco to fire and water, sho undoubtedly means the tragedy at Watltin's Glen, where Bhe was reported- drowned, and the burning of the. insano asylum, in which she was supposed to have perished.' Yes, that is true.' : ,:';Then, by 'arch-devil ' — he who was respon sible for the false inscription — 1 he must die without a doubt, shio meant your father.' ' But the words would indicate that Bhe did not know of his death ?' 1 Ah 1 consider her malady. She might mur der him every night, and think it but a phantasy of her brain. No doubt, mentally she has done thiB many a time. That is no proof that she is innocent. I would rather be inclined to think of it a.8 just that way, and that Bhe will come again to-night at the same hour, to again enact the tragedy over. No, no, Tom ; her words form the links of the cbaiD. I am eager to test the result,'. !| Then, let us go to the house ; I have an idea I 'should like to speak abouti' 'It is time." i Again I examine my watch— this time by the light ;of: the mopri— and find it 'just ten minutes to twelve. CHAPTER XXVI. !'"" . ' : "WAITING; We walk'to the house; Neither says a word, for, somehow, both of us seem to be busy with our thoughts. I myself confess- to a little ner vousness, for the Btrain has. been long continued ; and, as the period for the crisiB draws near, I am considerably worked up over the possible success or failure of my plan. Wo enter- the house, and in the dimly-lighted hall see a figure start up. It is Smithers. ,1'h'e three of us walk into the library. Here, upon stretchers, lies the rosewood casket that contains all that is mortal of Luther Cartaret— the spirit has flown. I have seen death too often to; tremble in his presence ; . and walking up to the casket I look ; upon the fine face of the grand old. man. Tom, follows me. He bears up well, biit I' know what he suifers — still waters run deep— and I respect his silent grief. '' He looks very natural,' he says, slowly ; 'and, indeed, the undertaker has done well, for the old man seems, to .bo in a placid 3leep. Smithers arOUBBB us. . 1 Gentlemen, wo must decide upon our plan of action without much loss of time. It is Mr. Peters's idea, and a very good one, too, although we cannot be certain that it will succeed ; but, at any rate, .we are here to make the attempt.' I remember now what Tom has said about having u new thought. Now is his time to speak, or it will be too late. That being the case, I mention it. My idea was,. this : We expect someone to entor this room intent on murder ; that person liopes'to find my father seated in his easy-chair, arid the sight of this coffin here may disarrange all our plans,' r I look at Smithers. The detective smiles and nods. ' Quito right, Mr,. Cartaret ; quite right. To prove the matter fully, things Bhould be as similar as possible to what they were last night. Quite right, sir,' he says. ' What do you intend to do, Tom ? You. would not place the body in the ohair again ?' No, np ; not that. I did think of that, but that would be saCrilege. Besides, there is no need of it ; wo can accomplish the same result in- another way.' ' Explain, then.' ' Supposo we, first of all, remove to the little sido room,' and he points at the caskot. - To this both of us agree, and accordingly take hold. While Tom and I raise the coffin, Smithers pioks up the -.-two wooden trestles and moves with them ahead into the adjoining apartment. When we enter we find theiri ready to receive the burdon, and, on our parti we are quite ready to put it down; for it is uncomfortably heavy and cumbersome. ' We pause for a moment to catch our breath. and then move into the library again. The first , scene in , the closing act of the drama has. been enacted, and we move along to the next. 1 Tom gently wheels the easy-chair to Its place beside the table. I guess his' motive. ' Tom, yoirmust not dream of it,' I expostulate. ' Why not ? I am something like my father ; a little flour duBted through my hair will com plete the resemblance, enough for this perform ance at any rate. Besides, the light will bo dim. You neod not feariof'the cheat being discovered, John.' j it is not that-, my friend; I am only alarmed les't it should be too successful,' I answer. " How is that ? ' Don't talk in riddles.' . ' To be plain, then, yo'u know what we expect — that one 'Cut of : her senses, and bent' on murder, will enter' this library within the next hour?'. : ' Yes.' ... .... ' Supppse, you sit there, apparently asleep, and she suddenly pounces on you, what is to prevent her from "burying the .knife she holds in your heart, even as it was' buried in that of your father?' . v-. \- Tom shrugs his shoulders. ' l am willing'to take'the chanceB,' ho declares. ' But-we are not. Smithers, do you Bide with1 me in this.?'.- 1 .It would -be af'uolish move, for Mr. Tom. I wouldn't sit in .that chair and let a crazy ! person advance ori'me with a knife for a pension,' 1 There,' we are t.wo against one, and you must give in Tom,'- 1 say, firmly, k ' If youlnsiston it, of course I shall, but 'what shall we do to carry out the idea ?' he asks, in a dejected tone.-; . - I. instantly conceive the wild idea that Tom liUB been, broodiug over his troublos so heavily that his mind is liurdly right, arid that lie has even decided it' Would be a sweet thing if he could ulso die at the hands, of his ivife. A strange notion, it is truo, but poople in his con- 'dition are apt to indulgo in odd fancies, and Tom is certainly on the brink of insanity himself. ' I think wo could make up a dummy that would pass muster ,in the dim light. After all, what wo wont ia-that the person enter this room with the knife ill her hand ; it will be oasy to judgo the, rest.' ' Mr'. Piters is right. Can wo depend on you, Mr. Ton),' for -gunuenis to do this thing ?' says Smithers. : .? Go intodiis closet and help yourselves.' Wo once more seek, the adjoining room, and begin to carry out some of the clothes. Smithers takes it in his hand, und I am surprised to see how expert the man Can be; lie certainly knows how to fashion' a good dummy oil short notice. I aasist him when practicable, mid between ub wo manage to get on well. The figure is sealed in. the chair; with the back toward the library door, one arm resting on the table, und above Llio tup of ihri chair can just be seen the little black silk skull-cap Luther Cartaret was accustomed to weur during niuo months of the year, because lus Uair was scant,, arid this made him an easy subject for colds. When the work has been finished, I step back in the direction of the door, meeting Tom, who has been out of the room, I can guess where he conies from, ' Is she still asleep ?' I ask. HehodB his head, and a smile of great tender ness lights up his face. ' Yes ; 1 don't believe she has moved a particle, but as I looked in upon her, she moaned a little in her sleep,' he answers. ' Poor girl I she has had a bad day. I trust to-morrow will be brighter for her.' ' What have you done hero ?' ' Look for yourself." He glances around the room, and hiB oyos reach the great arm-chair, they rest there. A startled expression crosses his face, aod his lips tremble as they mutter: ! ' It is terribly real 1 How often have L seen him thus as I entered here ; alas, uiy poor dead father 1' And the man .seems to be on' .the point, of breaking down, for I hear a dry sob escapo froin his chest ; but, with a great effort, he recovers his self-possession and remains calm. I believe we have.dono our work about as well as anyone could under the circumstances ; and if the schomo, is not. a success, it cannot, be blamed on poor' judgment in arranging matters here. Of course, if the ghost will not walk, we cannot ex pect. to gain the end we seek ; but we have. laid great stress upon such a thing taking place. I have not forgotten one important part of the programme, but that concerns me alone, and I do not have to consult my confederates. Leaving them in the library, I slip out, and iriake my way to the little side door. As I expected, I find this seenrely locked. Old Chloe has not neglected her duty on this night, whatovpr sho may have done on the preceding one. A distinct- purpose has drawn me here, aud I proceed to put it into execution. Time has dragged along with leaden wings up to this period, but now each minnto is apt to count as somethjng. ; Turning the key in the lock, I take it out and and drop it in a corner. The door is not secured — anyone can enter from without. To make euro of this, I even turn the knob and draw the door back ; a flood of moonlight greets my eyes, and I see the lovely sceno of shadow and brightness spread out beyond. ' I leavo the door ajar, and smile aB I mentally compare my action to a trap set for a wary beast, with some bait lying near Which will be an inducement for biin to enter. Will my expected game come? I conless to sudden qnalms of fear lest it may be mistaken fancy on iny part — it is so easy, to build up a theory, and so hard to carry it into practice. At such times I ain compelled to sumtrion all my reserve forco to the rescue, and chase the in truder, Doubt, from his , lodging-place, lest he soon overwhelm mo. All seems ready now. Wo wnit for but ono thing, and that is the most important element of all — the key-stone of the structure we are build ing with bo much care. " Will she come ? I have an indefinite fear lest the encounter with Tom in the cemetery may have beau the means of turning her insane thoughts tho other way, but we can only trust to Heaven. All that man can do we have done, and the rest must be left to a Higher Power. Tho door in the wall is unfastened, that.opening into the house njar, just as ou the preceding night, so that if the strange notion strikes Rachel Babette, there is no obstacle to her coming. So thinking, I make my way again to the library, where 1 find that, upon Smithers's ad vice, both of the others have removed their shoes. The idea is instantly caught, and I proceed to follow their example. Thus we can move around, when neoessary, without making any noise by means of which our presence might be discovered. Than . we spoka pf our respective hiding-places. Smithers. declares a bettor place could -riot be fonnd than the little room connected with the library. . A portiere drawn across the door-way affords a splendid means of concealing tho form, while it will be ensv to find a way of peeping from the folds. Besides, in case of necessity, one is only half-a-dozen stops from tho dumb figure in the old arm ohair, und this space can readily be eloari-d in case of necessity. I see Smithers concealing himself there, while Tom creeps out of the room to again look upon his sleeping wife above. All is well ! There is no reason why tho trap should not be set now — everything is ready. After that one glance nronnil, I raise my arm and proceed to turn the gas lower. It is reduced to a small, blue flame, being made of gasoline on the premises, but the light is sufficient for our purpose, aB ob jects can be seen across tho room. Having dene this, X leave the library and make my way in the direction of the small door, for whilo lioro I oan keep watch on both sides at once. Which will it bo ? Oh, that this question wore decided ! CHAPTER XXVII. tub gllost walks, Miuules puss. All insect life has gone when the frost swept down from the cold north, so that the only sound coming to my ears is llio soft'ruslle of the leavos when tho gentle breeze fans them ; otherwise', it is as still as doath. . I have opened the door, so that I may watch, and sincerely hope aud trust something will happen. . If she comes, I can. see her flitting along in 'the moonlight while she is yet some distance -away — in plenty of tune to step back arid close the:door ; the shadow hanging at this side of the: house will prevent my being discovered;'' \- Thus I keep watoh and ward. / :„- : All is as quiet insido the house as out, for not a sound may bo heard. Such a night I shall reraembor to'uiy dyiug day; it seems to have tho power to rise up before me in all its phuses, aud whenever my thoughts go backward thoy must rest on the chain of eventB that mark its coursp. I have been in my position perhaps ten minutes or so, when I reooiye a sudden shook. Something touches inv nrm. and turning, I see tho shadowy outlines of a form. It is Tom. Were the light more powerful, I might; distin guish the pallor and anguish of his Face ; as it is I am left to judge this froni-the tremor , in his voico as he addresses rat. ' John, come with uie,' lie whispers. ' ' What's the matt' r?' ' ' She is moving about, and I am afraid she means to dome downstairs.' I confess a cold chill falls upon me; it is as if an icy hand had suddenly clutched my heart. What, if, after. all, Madge comes down, takes the knife which I have carefully placed in the hall, just as it was on the previous night, and crorips into the room intent on the awful work 1 : Poor Tom 1 ; I can fully uuderBtand "his fears ; thoy have awakened again to life, and rack his tortured soul. Well, it must soon be over, at any rate ; either dawn will open her glorious light before liirn, or else A blacker night than he has oyer kuowri will inigulf liiui. Thofe is some satisfaction in that. I push tho doer gently to, but leave il.njnr, as lias been my former intention.' We can both glide along without making any noise, for our shoos have been taken off.' In this way we enter the main hall, where the gas has been turned low. Trembling like an aspeu, Tom looks- toward the stairs, and I am aware of a curious fluttering at my own heart as T glance in that direction. All is still. The 'moon peeps through the little Btniuud- glasB window at the landing above, and reflects the various colors upon the wall. . While wo orouch at the angle and watoh, 1 feel Torn clutch my arm again,, and hoar this sibilant whispc-r in my ear : . \- .' Gracious Heaven, John, she is coming 1 Look 1' As trae as fatp, thero, upon the landing, stands a- figure in white — motionless, as though hesi tating whether to come down or not. Can she suspect our presence, or have heard Tom's whisper ? It does not seem possible; And she is coming down. What does that mean? I feel for Tom. Every nerve in his body must be stretched to its fullest tension, aud a man of his build is a mass of nerves, once his nature is aroused by such a spectacle. All I can do is to watch, and keep, close to . Tom so that I may clutch hold of him in. case h9 shows signs of fainting. With a noiseless, gliding movement, the lady comes down the stairB, Of course, the light being dim, I am unable- to see her face plainly enough to analyse it,; but- there is that in her motions to tell me she walks in her sleep — a peculiar something hard to explain. She does not grope her way ; her eyes are open, nnd yet, while she sees so as to avoid obstacles, she notices nothing els, . Fascinated, yet appalled, we watch Madge descend the stairs. She reaches the bottom, where she stands a moment as if in a.stato of doubt, while poor Tom trembles so violently I; am afraid'ho will go into' a' spasm. Again she glides towards the library door. -It is all lip 1 We can hardly doubt now the identity of the. assassin. What is this ? She does not pause when she reaches the library, but goes on. Tom gasps something — I do not know what it is, but believe he means to express great relief. I watch the figure move along the hall ; it vanishes from view within the dining-room. By this titno l have aroused myself to action, and grasping Tom's arm hurry him after the vanished figure. Wo reach the door and stand there gazing in mute astonishment. Tom Cartaret's wife is standing at the buffet; she has calmly poured out a glass of water from, the silver ice-pitcher and is quenching her thirBt. All this we can: see, because the moonlight chances to enter at the bay window and disperse the darkness in the room. Madge sots the tumbler down with ae much deliberation as though fully conscious of what she is doing, and, turning, glides towards us. We involuntarily stop back out of the way, but; giviDg us one look, she pays no further attention than it we were blocks of wood. People who walk in their sleep see, but do not recognise their dearest friends— they seem to be gifted with a peculiar power of avoiding obstacles, and yet pay no attention to human beings, Turning from ns, she moves off, heading directly for the stairs, up which she goes, and vanishes from our view. Tom turns and falls upon my neck. Tho tears well from his eyes — I can feel them on uiy hand, and thank Heaven for the relief to his burning brain. V 'John, she is innocent ! I will stake my. life on it now !' he Quitters,' hoarsely. I am ready to believe the same thing myself. Her actions have convinced me ; but I remember that the work to which I have devoted my powers is only half done. If we have proved Tom's wife innocent, tho mystery still hangs over the Cartaret house. Who is guilty ? My ideas on that subject grow stronger with each passing moment, and I can hardly keep from laughing in my sleeve when I think how neatly I have put Smithers in a hole. Tom leaves me to follow his wife . upstairs, and in a few minutes he steals back to report that she is sleeping soundly in tho chair. I make up my mind that we had better conceal ourselves. ' If Rachel conies she will not be walking in her sleep, and a suspicious sound' may cause her to flee. There can be no one more wide awake than an insane person. Looking around, I discover that there is a niche in the wall behind the hat-rack, which is. ono of those massive, old-fashioned pieces of furniture so seldoin soon nowadays. By movi1"" ing it a trifle, Tom and I cm conceal ourselves behind the friendly buttress. It so happeus that this stands just opposite the library door, and I consider this fact as so much in our favor. Once we are ensconced in our nook of hiding, we wait-, with what patience we can command, for the next event to take place. It seems aB though a drama was being enacted — a tragedy more than a comedy — ami now, thank Heaven ! wo have come to what may be the Inst scene. Was that sound the creaking of a door ? Onr sense of hearing has beeu sharpened to an as tonishing extent, und wo catch noises that, under other circumstances, would. not be noticed. No ; it is the squeaking of a mouse somewhere near. The little rodent, a moment later, scampers across tho hall into the dining-room. Still we wait. Time drags ulong. I wonder if we have not been crouching here an hour ; at any rate, it- seems an ago to me, for my limbs are cramped, such is" the confined nature of our hiding-pluce. , If Rachel fails to come, our work will only be half done; but I am not ready, to give up in' des pair;'-, whilo there's life, there's hpp3, and the' hour is not yet too late. ' What I fear most of all is that her encounter with Tom ha3 alarmed the worn in, dud turned her mad thoughts elsewhere. In such a case she will not come, The moon has worked, around, .so that it -shines upon tlie'libriiry windows, just bb it must have done oil the preceding night, when poor old Uncle Jethrq saw v, his vision- bhind the: glass, and outlined'ug'iiinst the dark curtains. Tom shows astonishing fortitude in bearing up with tho fatigue ; but, then, he has everything at stake ;/and love causes him -to hold out. Thus, ;in. times past,' wise generals, in- selecting a company to defend some vital point, picked out thoao with families, knowing they would, as a rale, hold out longer than single men, having- more at stake in the matter. Tom thinks not of fatigue ; his whole mind is devoted to the one idea of proving his wife inno-- cent, by fastening the guilt where it belongs. He hardly moves beside me there, but watolio3 and waits, believing that. Heaven, having been so kind, will carry "the case still further. This satisfies me, as my thoughts have been almost wholly with Tom. For myself there is nothing : to fear, but with him it is different; Bincoihis brain has been. under such -a Btrain. All things must come to an end, arid this period of suspense is linallyjbroken'. ; This time- I know that it is the" opening of a door that causes that sound, and I draw Tom's attention to the fact, although there is probably no neod of that, as he is' as wide awako.as I am. . A rustle of garments roaches us, nnd we hold our breath in suspense, our eyes fastened upon the point where tho smaller hall merges into tho main one. It is here' she mii3t appear. The light - is strong onohgh : to disclose .her presence, and we can watoh without beiug seen. Oh 1 the tro"- mondous suspense of tho next minute. We know, wo feel, that someono is adyanoing along the narrow passage. way, even though we can" neither see nor hear .thsm. This doubtless comes from what might be called intuition ; certaiuly nothing else would give us the power, to divine what is taking place. - Our agony ends. Around the corner steals a figure. Never in nil my life havo I seen such an awful spectacle as the ono that now greets uiy eyes. . . It is Rachel Babette. .The mad woman of the tom'is hus come to repeat her dreadful doed of the night before. She looks like the Witch of Eudor, her hair. stre'amingrovor her face, rind her whole appoaranee indioatiug'the absence of sense —the presence of a crazy fury bent on triiirder. CHAPTER XXVIII. - . at last ! , The droadfnl ligure coiries gliding along the hall, rhor face turning this way and that, as though the crazed crenturo continually suspects impending danger; but ivo remain as silent as death behind the rack, and she docs not dream of glanciDg there. She has reached the hall-tablo ; here lie my tools of the camp and hunt — gun, knife, package of ammunition, corduroys, and such things. At this table she stops for a moment — wo can see her hover over it — and then she goes on.- I ascertain that, although the deerskin case for my hunting-knife is still there, tho trusty blade itself has gone. This is just as I suspected. Had I been a born detective, I could not have made out a better case. No sooner has the mad creature, vanished ' within the library, than I leave my place of concealment, and steal softly to the door, followed by my companion. Wo org de termined to be witnesses of the lust scne in the tragedy, and the time for this has come. When we reach the library door, we coma to a halt, aod stand as. if petrified. II I could'only blot out the scene from my mind, how glndly would I do so; but I fear it has been painted there for all time. Shiitting my eyes, I can see it now, just as plainly as though it were taking place again. ("to be continued. | 