The Political iliarly-Burly. The S.A. Legislative Council, contrary to expectation, approved the proposal of the Kingston Government to expend £225,000 on waterworks for Gawler. The Referendum is evidently coming in South Australia without authoritative special legislation. The Bible in State Schools was settled by that means, and the Housthold Suffrage Bill, if it e>oapes the Council will go the same way. One aspirant for political honors in South Australia, who does not believe in the extension of the totalizator because it is an immoral instrument of gain, is the same party who some time ago caught a country storekeeper in a tight financial corner and offered to lend him money at 13o per cent, interest as a special favor^ The S.A. Tieasurer Holder has given notice of a Public Purposes Loan Bill for 1898 totalling £1,750,000. Included among the items authorised by the Bill are railways £203,000, telegraphs £99,000 harbors £110,000, waterworks £775.000, Adelaide sewers £120,000, roads £50,000, and land repurchase £200,000. The amount to be expended for the current financial year is £850,127, of which the full amount of £200,000 wilibe devoted to land repurchase. Protectionist Barton's motion of censure on the Freetrade N.S. Wales Government, because that chameleon gang of politicians had introduced protection, was defeated hopelessly last week. The N.S. Wales Labor Party, which holds th« balance in politics, objects strongly to Reid's proposed duty of 3d. per lb. on tea, but was, it is stated, bought by a promise frcm Bold to introduce an old age pension scheme. Most of them, it may be remarked, will want it before they get it from Beid. The Household Suffrage Bill, at present waiting dispatch at the hands of the S.A. Legislative Council seeks to give a vote to every householder, and " householder" is defined as ""a person in personal occupation a& owner or tenant of any house or part of a house occupied as a separate dwelling." This includes the wife who occupies a dwelling with her husband, though it excludes the leaseholder who does not occupy. Tbe Bill provides for.the submission of itself to the electors of the Assembly by means of the-Referendum at a general election. •In both Golac iaad W&rn;&mbool; District® potato crops are; a«;the result of insufficient rain, 3oolri»g yeiy batt and, it is estimated,: will not ^tumoaohs than from one to two f tons to the acre. ••- ; At the fourth of the serios of wool sales held in Adelaide on- Monday, November 21st, 19,000 bal?B were offered. Good merinos showed an advance of jd. to |d. a pound, and fine crossbreds also improved blightly. The annual report of the Directors of the E.,S. and A. Bank for 1897-98 shows a net profit of £6,033 after carrying £10,870 to reserve, and £20,359 to capital reserve. The- Directors state that the business of the bank has been well maintained and that the indebtedness of the institution has been further reduced £117,545. * * * The nations who have conspired to plunder China, seem to have thrown off some of the mask. When Britain, Russia aud Germany acquired parts of the Flowery Land some time ago, it was distinctly understood that these areas were on a fifty jears lease. All of them, however, now calk of these leases aB their " possessions in China." # # * With the £600 raised by subscription in S.A. to keep green the memory of the late Inspector General of Schools Hartley, it has been decided to found three studentships at the Adelaide University. These will be awarded to the moBt successful candidates at the Senior Public examinations, and the holders of them must, under tbe conditions, study for a B.A.*or B.Sc. degree. # * * ' Some American and European Capitalists are said to have on hand the astounding project of buying the Fb ill ipine Islands out of a capital of eighty million pounds, and of working them as a private venture. The company Soatera suggest that the company will provide a Government and a Governor, and suggests buying up Prince Henry, brother of tlie Oterwia&JKmsar; as firstGovernor. Some residents of 'Piw^i^psp ghost out OQ the loose last week. The'j had the orthodox sheet with eye-hole slits in it and. a variety of red paint decoration \ artistically diffused. The practical citizens, instead of handing: the ghost over to the law for a hysterical sentence, stripped some palings from the nearest fence and, after exorcising the evil spirit seyerely, let him go» clothed and in his right mind. The Hooley case in London has bees responsible for an exhibition of commendable spirit on the part of 8t. Paul's Chtnvh. London. Two years ago, before he broke, Hooley presented the Church with a gold communion service, costing some thousands of pounds. Arguing that to retaid the gift would be a deprivation of Hooley's creditors. theCburch has paid the cost of the plate to th£ Official / Receiver in Bankruptcy, ,-.> jb5C-v.- / ; In Germany. the militai^f ,officer ajq»ears to be able to do mochas without all 'the iricenvenieirt-«6»feq1Ukiices thafcfall to ordinary imutafe. Count Stolberg Wernigerodej't^fftiafif ot-.c^v^ht aliy, hit a subordinate on the ear, and, re» coiving what he considered impertiuenco fffun the soldier,drew his sword and killed-laiti outright. Forty months' imprisonment «ttd" dismissal was the seuteace pronouiu.'wi _ last week. ' 