* SHORT STORIIES. A SKETCHI FROM1 THEi LIMESTONE. : (Conc;uded.) Sunday, July 6, 1823, was a very hot day in Beam and 'the neighbourhood. Old Tommy Drabble, who came into the Bull's Head just before one o'clock to fetch a pint of ale for his Sunday dinner, remarked to Betty Heaton that he could not get cool, "even in th' buttery," though he had been sitting there in his shirt sleeves nearly all the morning, with a long pipe to keep him company and soothe his nerves. "And what's thy cheese and bacon smell like by now, dost think?" asked. Betty, with a touch of housewifely scorn, as she handed him the frothing ale jug. "Be Guy, 1 never thowt o' that," said Tommy, making off to escape further criticism. Betty watched him across the Town Gate to his own door, sympathetically realising 'a protest against the heat in his every lagging movement. As he went out of view Joe Middleton's little white terrier popped his head out of Joe Middleton's door, turned a blinking look to right and left, then suddenly opened his jaws and protuded his tongue in a prolonged strenuous yawn. Straightway the heat seemed to Betty to become twice as intense as before, and she sank into a chair limp and languid. The next moment the view framed by the window was enlivened by people coming from church; and Anthony and his son, who had been at church too, presently came in. The son was a good deal taller than when we last saw him. Otherwise there was no appar ent change in either father or son, ex cept that both now wore their "Sunday clothes." "Eh, it's warm, Betty, my wench!" said Anthony. "Ay, it is," said Betty; "and tha'll surely not go out this afternoon. Stay at home and have a nap." "Nay; I promised Joe Middleton and Tom Yellet to go dahn th' dale wi' eni a bit." "Well. dinner's ready," answered Betty, evidently aware that it would be useless to. argue the point; and they all went into the parlour. Two hours later Anthony, Joe Mid dleton, and Tonm Yellot were strolling, or rather lounging, down Calverton Dale. It was their neighbourly cus tom always of a Sunday afternoon, to take a walk together, and it was sheer habit that had brought them out to day, for prudence would have coun selled them to stay at home in the coolest place discoverable. They had reached a point just be low the Ball Inn,. where the dale in clines somewhat to the west of south. The sun blazed full in their faces from the sky, and the Summer Goose sent a hot shimmer into their eyes from the white roadway. The heat was overpowering, though each man had taken off his coat and opened his vest. Not a square yard of shaded ground' was to he seen. "Be guy, lads, but it's hot," said Tom, stopping to mop his brow; "I vote we go home agen." "Nay," said Anthony, "let's go int' Kilsick for a bit. It'll be cool theer." "Tha.'rt reight, Tantie," answered the others' and the three hastened slowly for a couple of hundred yards down the dale to the spot where the limestone cliff on the left hand throws forward a massive, buttres? like pro jection. On the farther side hereof they entered beneath a lofty natural arch-the opening of a rocky cavern locally called Kilsick. Out of the cavern flows a small stream, whose source, hidden far with in the depths of the hills, no man has yet explored. This stream runs down the 'dale parallel with the brook men tioned above, and the two unite where the dale ends, a quarter of a mile be low. After heavy rain the Kilsick stream forms a. rapid watercourse three or four feet wide; but it was now scarcely over shoe-tops. Tom Yellott disappeared at once into the friendly shade afforded by the opening, but Anthony and Joe Middle ton stayed yet a moment in the sun to light their pipes with, the aid of a burning-glass. Then they followed, 'and sat down on a convenient ledge of rock. their faces turned towards the sunlight. They chatted for some minutes, and then bethought them selves to look round for their com panion, who, however, was nowhere to be seen. "WVeer's Tumrn?" said Joe; and raising his voice, he shouted, "Nah, Tumrn, lad, wveer arta?" T'here was no answer beyond. the echoes of the cave. "Dost' thinkOwd Nick's got him?" onueried Joe, after a pause. "Happen he's up to some game wi' u-." Anthony suggested. Here they both lapsed into silence, thrcugh which the chirrup of the grass hclTer floated into the cave from the hot glare outside. Suddenly a hurried scrambling and a scattering of stones was heard froni the upper part of the cave, and Tom Yellot rushed into the light, pale and frightened, with clothes a good deal sciled. He sat down beside his friends panting, unable to utter a word. "Hello!" said Anthony; "what's up now, man? Hast sin a ghost, or what?" "Ay, I have," gasped out Tom, "or summnat like one." "Rubbidge!" said Middleton con temptuously. "Well, go and see for yersens," said Y-ellott, offended. "And whose were it?" 'enquired An ~thony, also with obvious scepticism. "It were as mich like owd John Pol lock as anybody," answered Tom. Boti: the other:.men:looked grave.'' "Poor owd Pollock!" said Anthony. "Whatever did become of him, I. won der! I were afraid summat, were wrong when we heard, th' Gabriel Hounds thatmneight; but he wouldna" listen to me." "Why, tha doesna. think 'at Tum here's really sin him, dosta, Tantle?" said Middleton. "Nay, lad; I believe nought o't sort,". said Anthony. "Well, go and see for yersens then, if yo dunno believe me," repeated Tom indignantly. "We'll go wi' thee, lad, if that'll please thee," said Anthony. "But what hast done to get thy clothes i' that mess?" Tom's dignity had been hurt, and he chose to be mulish. "Yo'll see in a minnit," he anTwered. "Come on!" Yet he made no attempt to lead the way-rather hung back, but followed when Anthony and Joe started to wards the inner recesses. For fifty yards or so their way was plain. The daylight accompanied them, growing fainter with each step they took onwards, but enabling them to pick their path beside the running water, and. to keep for the most part an upright attitude. Presently they reached a. point where the course of the rill and the cavernous passage curved abruptly to the right. Beyond all seemed darkness. All was certainly mystery, for the people of the neigh bourhood were so singularly lacking in the spirit of enquiry or enterprise that they had never dreamed of at tempting further exploration. " An an cient tradition that the cavern was the abode of evil influences had pos sibly something to do with their in difference. "Yo'll ha to go on," said Tom, as his companions paused to peer into the darkness: "I went." "How didst find thy way, lad?" asked Joe Middleton. "Look here," answered Tom. He unfolded a great white handker chief of coarse linen and held it in front of him at the angle of the pas sage. It. caught the faint light which travelled up the brook from the outer day, and reflected it into the dark ness above them, "dimly showing tw.o or three huge stones lying in the bed of the stream. Without a moment's hesitation Anthony steeped over these to the farthest. He paused, bent for ward, and knocked his head against the side of the passage, for it now curved to the left. He peered for a moment in that direction, and sud denly shouted, "Why, lads, 'ere's day leight!" His voice thundered echoes through the gloom. "Ay, there is, lad," answered Yellott. It was but a faint glimmer that An thony could see ahead of him. As, howeveir, his. eyes became accustomed to the light, or lack of it, he 'saw fur ther progress up stream was possible by means of other natural stepping stones.. He said as much to his com panions, who, Tom Yellott agreeing, now cautiously followed him. Anon the three found themselves on what seemed to be a shelf of rock running parallel with the brook, whence they gazed upwards into a long fissure open ing on a level with their heads, and allowing the passage of a dim and ghostly light. "Up theer," said Tom; and they all scramnbled into the fissure. Tom Yellott now took the lead, and they crawled for about a dozen yards on their hands and knees under a huge mass of overhanging rock. The ground sloped somewhat, then .as cended, and they were able to stand upright in a great circular. cavern. A soft light like twilight, whose origin was not, apparent, prevailed here, and they could see the rocky walls offer ing fantastic outlines all around. The men stood silent, awestruck-Anthony Heaton and Joe Middleton expectant, and all .three, as they afterwards ad mitted, penetrated by a feeling of dread. Tom pointed right across the cavern. There, its back to a rocky wall, was an upright human figure--a vaguely hc'rrible suggestion both of stiffness and limpness about it, but unmistak ably the figure of 'a man. Not one of the three friends spoke a word. They approached the figure terribly afraid. It was a corpse. A couple of short stout planks, such as one often sees across the opening of a shaft in the lead districts, had been placed under" the arms, crutchlike, and held the 'body up stiffly against the suppnorting rock. The poor trunk Sand limbs had whithered and shrunk, ;o that th6' clothing covering them Shung piteously loose. The head, still I lihat-covered, fell forward over the I sul:ken chest. The arms were pend-. ont beside the planilks in ghastly, rigid helplessness. Yet there was a familiar, even friendly something in the aspect of the awful thing. The explanation flashed upon Anthony and his companions simultaneously. It was the corpse of John Pollock! Anthony broke the silence. "See yo!" said he, pointing to a dark object near the feet of the corpse. Yellott stooped down and made an examination. "It's his trunk," he said, choking. "And it's unlocked," he added, lifting the lid. The hinges grated harshly, as if in *protest against the disturb ance. "And here's th' key," said Middleton, picking it up from the ground near the trunk. Each man spoke in the hushed, so lemn voice ever compelled by the pre sence.of death.:, They key,.curious to relate, was only slightly rusty. Some peculiarity of the atmosphere kad preserved the metal, and no doubt the same influ ence had protected John Pollock's re mains from disintegration. * The handling of the dead man's pro perty proved too much for Middleton's nerves. "Let's go home and fetch help," he said abruptly, throwing the key back to the ground and. turning away. His companions agreed, and the men made their way quickly back into Cal verton.Dale, not without some splash ing through the brook "in the darkest part of their journey. The sun was still shining brilliantly, and as its warm rays poured upon them they be gan - strange contradiction! - to shiver; and they were still shivering when, after a rapid walk, they reached the door of the Bull's Head. The door was promptly opened by Betty Heaton, who cried out in alarm, "Why, whatever's amiss? Has any thing happened? Yo'r, all as pale as ghosts!" 'Ghosts! ay," was the only answer her husband could make at the mo ment. He marched straight into the bar, saying "Come on, lads!" and served out .three generous tots of neat rum, which swiftly vanished. They all felt the better for that. Anthony told Betty what they had seen, and asked for her advice. She shed some tears, but was practical, Her advice was to communicate the discovery quietly to the parson and to Dr. Denman, and consult with them as to what further was to be done. This course was adopted, the out come being that next morning John Pollock's remains were fetched from their hiding-place in a rough but sub 'stantial coffin, and were reverently buried during the afternoon in the churchyard. The whole population of the village witnessed the interment, and manifeated much genuine sorrow. Dr. Denman certified that death had been caused by a terrific blow from some blunt instrument on the left side of the head, and that there were no other marks of violence about. the body. Only he did not put it quite in that form. Pollock's trunk proved on examina tion to have been rifled, but merely of the greater part of its less valuable contents. The robbers had not pene trated the secret of the false bottom, so that the little stock of jewellery remained pathetically intact. By unanimous consent, the trunk, un changed as to its remaining contents, was placed on one side of the chancel. The parson locked it, and put the key in a secret draw of his bureau. Everybody in the village knew that the box had been locked, but the next Sunday it was open. The horrified congregation had a proof positive hereof, because during the sermon they saw a small boy, on the look-out for something 'to while away the tedious time, shuffle into the chancel and raise the lid. The parson noticed the scared look on the faces in front of him, and, following its direction, looked round. He was almost as startled as his flock. The boy, finding himself caught, dropped the lid with a crash, and bolted back to, his sleepy granny in the body of the church. The parson finished the sermon and the service as calmly as he could; then he sent his wife home for the key; and locked the trunk once more. All the congre gation were witnesses. Next Sunday the trunk was again found to be open, and the next after that. In short, it would not remain locked. Of course the villagers concluded that there must be some supernatural agency at work in this phenomenon. In vain the parson explained that the lock must be out of order. They stuck to their opinion, and to end the difficulty the worthy man liad the box buried in the grave of its late owner. SThere they rest together to this day. -Aleck B. Waller, in "Pall Mali Maga zine." 