? FEDERATION Sir, — I think this is a time in the history of Australia when every true and loyal citizen should speak out, and I do not see any reason why priebts should be silent on a question of such vital importance to our adopted or native country as the federation of the colonies. I know that some will condemn me as too ready to meddle in questions which they consider are outside the sphere of religion. Surely it is not forbidden by God or His Church to love our native or adopted coun try or to do all in our power to infuse a national spirit amongst the people, and to help by our influence to raise Australia from being a few disunited provinces, jealous of each other's prosperity, into a groat united nation. I am safe, I presume, in following the advice of our illustrious Holy Father, Leo XIII. In his encyclical of January, 1S95, addressed to the hierararchy of the United States, directing them as regards civil and political affairs, His Holiness says:— 'Let those, , of the clergy, therefore, who are occupied with the. instruction of the people, treat plainly this topio of the duties of citizens, so that all may understand and feel the necessity in political life of con scientiousness, self-restraint and integrity ; for that cannot be lawful in public whioh is unlawful in private life.' Cardinal Gibbons in his book, ' The Ambassador of Christ,' says: — 'As the minister of Christ is pre eminently the friend and father of the people, he cannot «be indifferent to any of tho social, political and economic questions affecting the interests and happiness of the nation.' We know the opinion of our own beloved Cardinal Moran and the hierarchy of Aus tralia on the question of Federation, but his Eminence and the Bishops are quite right in declining to lower their dignified position by coming in contact with the 'Jingoes' of Australia, who, by thoir opposition to the proposed Commonwealth Bill, mustr oonse-. quontly be opposed to the principle of Federation. They ought to know, and I believe the leaders of tho opponents to the Bill do know, that if the proposed Bill is defeated now there will not be the remotest ohanoe of passing anothor Bill to meet their views and free from all human defects till God sends anothor Moses to draft a Bill under tho in spiration of the Holy Ghost. I do not intend to ontor into tho controversy of the pros and cons of the proposed Bill', I leave that in abler hands j but I hold that the leaders who are opposed to it aro, for the most part, disappointed politicians or selfish interested men, who would sell their country for 30 piocos of silver. I do not write in the spirit of dictation, but I give my opinion for what it is worth, that, at this important oriais in the history of Australia, tho priest 'tho friend and father, of the people,' should not romain silent and allow the people to be led astray by a few Australian 'Jingoes.' Lot every true man be pre pared to record hia vote on June 3 for a United Australia j remember the prinoiplo, 'United wo stand as a nation, divided wo fall to tho condition of a few .petty States.'— Yours, &c;, P. DUNNE. Nowtown, Albury. 