Tip BOQ^AX. During the last feWv-dayi thepolioe nav« been paying demieitiary visits for tbe purpose of 4is covering the lair of the unlicensed dog; and as these calls were nraally paid when jtbabteiaA winhenirere item borne in cnaae of that timid, shrinking thing, the weekly wage* suw Iet*. abiding oitiznieMM hart beta wmrfoenbi j startled by the lioarsalv.aboatod aowy'-^'Asr ? «« iuaer which, fcartldtd tfcf «3*Ml**&»J ,.- ~'V' ? ? ? J ? ?' .:':;'-''-.' back gate of those officials whom a ribald Surry Hills street Arab scornfully termed ' how- wow bobbies.1' Ones that all-overish feeling known as ' such a turn,' occasioned by the sight of two large and inquisitive con stables, had passed away, she who had the family mongrel's certificate all correct was 'indeed a happy woman. Bat, alas, for the lady who had to confess her hus band's dilatoriness in the registration direction ! The penalty of fourteen and . tenpence, plus the half-crown tee, follows as sure as night succeeds day. And what shall be eaid of -that equivoca ting one who, having at last overpersuaded the doubting constables to beat a retreat, thanks to her loud- voiced and voluble ''Dogs, indeed ! No ; nor wouldn't 'ave the wretches about the place.' What shall be said . of her when, the faithless tyke comes silently hut hurriedly from beneath the wood heap, with a fine appetite for constabulary trouser legs P Another humor of the administering of the Dog Act is the quaint system in vogue of determining ages, -whether the free-life era of under 6 months is over or otherwise. Mostly the means employed to settle the question would not commend themselves to a board of show experts —the problem resolving itself into a guessing competition on the part of the policemen, and stern unvarying unveracity on the part of the owners, who are as touchey on their puppies' ages as a bevy of old maids on theirs. Generally speaking, the constables have the very vaguest ideas on age and how to tell it. In seme hazy way they just know it has a good deal to do with teeth. In one case a 5 months' old spinster dog was put down as the mother of a slightly older animal of an entirely different breed. In another, the old and toothless hero of a hundred fights and a thousand bones was solemnly credited as a puppy ! In country places within the Act things were much the same, only tbe supervision whs neces sarily laxar ; and, by the way, we note good Mr. Brnnker has, on his own autnority, ordered tbe police to refrain from enforcing- the regulations too stringently in the cage of drovers, whose doge are part of their working plant. This order opens up the large query — ' Why ?' The selling of plenty of ale and spirits is very much part of a publican's business, but no kind- hearted Colonial Secretary has ever gently asked the police to wink the other eye at the retailing of colonial beer on Sabbath morns, when backdoors vawn. However. the system of kind inquiry into the people's dog-owning propensities may be a valuable revenue producer; it is certainly a firet^class swear word and tarradiddle maker. Also, if taxed dogs, why not taxed cats, cockatoos, pianos, and other noxious musical instruments. A levy on all these miserable incubi, especially of, say, one shilling on the kitten (one suburban dame keeps fifteen tabbies), would either bring peace to the weary or else . such a tale of revenue that Mr. Reid wonld have to cast around for some new ways of spending his surplus. The deputation of citizens which waited -nnnn the Premier yesterday and presented him with the resolutions passed at the recent meeting held at the lown Hdl on the subject of the city's financial affairs required the head of the Govern ment to undertake a duty which tbe present con dition of Parliamentary business would scarcely warrant. Mr. Eeid, who explained that he was just then overburthened with measures of a very urgent character, made a suggestion to the deputation which seems to have been a practical one, and which could be made, with the co-operation of the City Council, the basis of reform in the near future. The carrying out of his suggestion, that two of the skilled officers of the 'Government go into the nuances of the City Council, and report upon them, depends of course upon the attitude of the council. It is difficult, however, to believe that that body wonld offer any serious objection to such a. proposal, and cue wonld expect that it would rather welcome it. If the aldermen have nothing to fear from an investigation .into the city's, finances, why should there be any obstacle placed, in the way of such an investigation? In any case it could he no reflection on their personal honor it the fullest and most exhaustive inquiry were made. The aldermen are more or less in the light of trnstees of the citizens' property, and no trustee should hesitate' to give an account of his manage ment. Mr. Cohen's new Animals' Protection Bill, read for the first time in the Assembly last night, is, as it sLould be, pretty widespread and inclusive. That horses— working draught horses — need pro tection more than any other domestic animals there can be no doubt. Sydney streets teen with brutal, ignorant, and callous drivers. In some of our steep streets it is pitiful to witness the unnecessary suffering and toil inflicted upon horses through the want of knowledge of the drivers. As a rule the drivers of carts, waggons, and lorries, have but one idea, and that is that they have a whip, and the 'only art of driving is to use it in season or .cut of season. And the poor 'bus horses, who suffer not so much from Unskilful driving as from the utter want of consideration on the part Oi the passengers. Some time ago a 'bus company pleaded with its passenger* to show some mercy, and not cause needless stoppage!1, pointing out that the strain of constantly starting the 'bus again was terrible on tbe horses. t)id their notices have any effect oa the merciful, tender women's hearts whom they especially sought to touch ? Not in the least. The lady who lived at 41a Kaisomine Terrace kept her seat With grim determination when the 'bus pulled up at 40a, and made the 'busman start again and set her down exactly at her door. Theoe sort of people cannot be reached, but Mr. Cohen's bill, faithfully oarried out, may ease.the lives of some of our hard-worked and badly-driven animals. . ~ The attendance at the levee held by the Acting Consul for Japan in honor of s the forty-sixth birthday of his Emperor yesterday, may be con sidered typical of attendances at such ceremonies held in all parts of the civilised world to celebrate the same occurrence. Hardly a oonntry that could boaet a representative of any kind or degree that was. not in evidence jat the Consulate in Martin Place yesterday. Time waB when perhaps people.of this kind were not «o partioalar in their attendance upon a JapaneBb Consulate, but many things iiave happeiied^ lat» jrearfy and thfl «otn paratively mBgle^SiiMvMm^o^-m^9 an *x ceptu-naUy^»romtaen% $la^ motion. No matter how prominent affairs in A^ra^Tebeoomadusnng^the last few months, the 33aat will. for. a- longVtime-^or «, )pnger time, perhaps, than the most speculative can estimate— he the place which , will occupy the thoughts ana the labow of Enripean diplo matist*. Japan, a newly-awakened nation, in poBseailon of an ata»y imdiaaTy p{ a moflera type, and!, sicvW alJ, nsTinjr tbfl «nprenje ad* *nUg« ofbwng pUdd ol«w by tlw kkm eJ possibly impending trouble, must fee looked upon as one of thVtsost important factors in the calcu lations of the diplomatists who are thinking of cutting up the Chinese Empire between them. The announcement that the Episcopal Methodists in the United States are reported to be . endeavoring to raise 'a iund of ,£4,000,000 as a thank-offering in connec tion with the approach of the twentieth century in slightly bewildering. Not on account of the Episcopal Methodists or any other body, religiouB or otherwise, trying to raise four millions, or forty millions of pounds; e.ven ^originally obscure private individuals have managed to occasionally reach the smaller sum. But the amazement strikes one when we come to consider whit the twentieth century has done to deserve such a magnificent thanksgiving on its advent. If the. money was to be raised as a thanksgiving in consequence of getting rid of the nineteenth century, there would be some show of reason in it, but for aught the rather prema ture raisers of the fund know about the twentieth century, it might make its advenj amidst pestil ence, famine, and a worldspread .war. Besides it will only be the twentieth century to a limited number of the world's population. To s few millions of Moslems, of Chinese, and of Jews, besides a very considerable number' of colored people — who don't know nor care I what century . it is — it is not the twentieth century. To a, Christian even oi a ; mathematical turn of mind, who reflects upon the number of changes in the almanac, and the over plus accoums of time that have been so otten : written off, the actual date of the new century's birthday is anything but well or accurately ' defined. Only from one point of view may it -be held as very satisfactory. The Episcopal Methodists want to raise \a big sum of money, and the twentieth century was about as big an excuse as they could find. From the view of the scoffer and carping critic there seems to be no possible reason why the year 190L should receive any more honor on its arrival than any of the years that have preceded it. but as an adver tisement it may well pass muster. The world has now two historical pictures in its gallery. The German Emperor at the tomb of King David and Napoleon before the Sphinx of Egypt. Mark Twain also visited the tomb of Adam, and made appropriate rafle-tions. The Emperor is said to be the first Christian who has been allowed to visit the tomb of David since 1100, so, perhaps, now that the ice has been broken, it will become the fashion to make a pilgrimage to this spot and steal a few bits of atone and write 'Bill Smith' and ''Arriet 'Awkins' about the place. The cable does not say whether the Kaiser wrote his name tip or not, probably not — the Kaiser is a gentleman; but if the Cockney tour ists fiock to David's tomb and make up the arrear of years since 1100 David's ghost will flee in horror. 