OVERGROWING HER STRENGTH. ( gffOW BR. WILLIAMS* PINK PILLS MAKE WEAK .OIRLS -STRONG. Testimony ' from well-known and highly-. inspected colonists is always worth printing, and the word«? of Mr. George Marner, of -44Lamington,"" Victoria Road, Auburn, Victpria, ^are of this nature z-4* I thought I would lose 'tay daughter, Miss Alice,7' said Mr. Marner to .our reporter recently, *' s7ie teas overgrowing her ¡strength. Medical men could do nothing for lier."' Here Miss Marner enteied and quickly 1 ¿old how Dr. Williams' Pink Pills had saved 3»er from death and disaster. *' 1 commenced, some two years ago, to feel «very ill after returning home from school," said -she, *. I did not feel sufficiently unwell to take .to my bed, but experienced a continued languid ' keeling that made me most miserable. Father ' »took'nae *oo see a doctor, and he said I was .overgrowing my strength, and I was not to exert "» myself. As I had no inclination to-do so, there ?mas no fear of my disobeying this order, and I .took the " quinine tonic" givon me, with regu- larity. Then I commenced to feel acute pains In my shoulders and back, and at night I could ¿scaroely get any rest.1' '. We tried everything to induce sleep," interposed Mr. Marner, " but it had no effect j then T consulted a well-known ^Collins Street practitioner. He said my ?daugliter was suffering principally from wealt 1 ness, and advised a change. Hei mother took íier away for a trip to 'Queensland, but she re turned looking worse. She would also retch .on rising in the morning ; and food taken could not'be kept down. She lost flesh and became ;a mere ghost." ." This time last year," said Miss Alice, ». I weighed 7st 3lbs, now I am 9st 7lbs." ?*'A great improvement; your treatment minst have been beneficial ? "No; all the medicine I got did me very _, little good. Actually, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills ' Ifor Pale People deserve that -credit. -Just 'before the Jubilee holidays, iast year, father ¿bought me a box of Dr. Williams'' Pink Pills, -at Mr. Pleasance's, Chapel Street, Prahan, they "did me so much good that I continued with i ^them. It is a lona: time since I discontinued .taking them, and I am now -as healthy as any- one could wish." " And »yots would recommend them J" 141 Ufes ^ ana that strongly too," said Mr.! Marner, "had I known of De Williams"' Pink ¿Pills two wears before, it would have saved me ¿a hundred pounds." < Parents should thinlc over tMs -¿food health toni sa.'hundred pounds saved. FACSIMILE OS1 «ONLY GENUINE PAOKAOB. ' ' Ht "is undisputed that Dr. Williams' Pink XPills build np the constitution, strengthen the ^system, enrich the blood, and improve the brain. . They are ascertain oure for indigestion, pimples, ''.skin diseases,'»liver and kidney troubles, bilious '' ness,1 anomia, sleeplessness, rheumatism, lumbago, loss of .physical strength, neuralgia, ?all1 female irregularities, debility, sick headache, loss of vital forces, &c.; Obtainable -from' all ' -chemists and dealers, or from the Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., Queen's Place, Sydney, who will forward six .boxes for 15a 3d, or one box for < 2a 9d, post free. Louisiana boastE' the largesb farm in the world. Its area is 1,500,000 acres, and its length from east to west is 100 miles. The principal products of the farm are- cotton, '-corn, sugar and rioe. The land is' cultivated L<'t>V portable engines, and ploughs worked by .a cable. The Southern Pacific Railway runs through the farm, and there are 300 miles of navigable rivers upon which steamboats ply.' "The property is owned by a syndicate,- and is said to be a profitable speculation for them. For Bronohiol Goughs tako Wood's Great Peppermint Ou>e, 1/6 and 2/6, 