THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER. (PUBLISHED DAILY.) BENDIGO, THURSDAY, SEPT. 15, 1898. THE WOMEN'S FRANCHISE. A straight-out vote on this question has at last been taken in the Legislative Coun- cil, and the measure, having for its object the extension of thy franchise to women, has been rejected by four votes. The defeat of the bill has, however, been more signal than it appears, as 25 votes were required for the measure in order to give it an absolute majority of the whole House, and only 15 were recorded in its favor. On last occasion upon which the proposal was before the Upper House it was linked with that for the abolition of plural voting, and the joint measure was rejected on the second reading, no opportunity being given to members to register their votes in the two questions separately. That the Women's Franchise Bill should only be rejected by four votes on a division of 34 members in the Chamber which has been noted for the persistency with which it clings to old notions, and the consterna- tion with which it has viewed this particular proposal in past years, indi- cates that the frequentl expressed opinion of the electors of the colony has not been without its effect on the "grave and reverend signiors" who com- pose that branch of the Legislature. Con- verts have been won over, and there is reason to hope that in another year or two victory will crown the efforts of the ad- vocates of the bill, and that the women of Victoria will obtain the privilege which is enjoyed by their sisters in New Zealand and South Australia. The arguments advanced against the measure in the course of the debate which took place on Tuesday night were in the main those which have been oft- repeated, and the only important, speech in opposition was that delivered by Sir Henry Wrixton. But even that gentleman in his difficult ask of attempting to prove the inadvisability of extending the vote to women, descended to arguments which might be advanced with equal justice against every new reform. He claimed that no country of importance had granted the franchise to women. Yet we dare say Sir Henry Wrixon will be ready to admit that Victoria has set the example to the world in connection with principles which have been since almost universally adopted elsewhere, and will even be able to claim that he as- sisted in establishing those principles in spite of the fact they they constituted an entirely new departure. If older nations have not not yet adopted the women's franchise, many of the ablest men of the age have warmly advocated the principle. An enlightened public opinion all over the world is gradually recognising the right of women to a voice in the Government of their country, and though Victoria, through her Legislative Council, declines to be in the van, she will certainly one of these days take part in the general march of nations in that direction. Amongst other arguments advanced by Sir Henry Wrixon was that with regard to the destruction of the unity of the home, in connection with which he urged that a woman ought to trust her husband to ex- press her political views. Even supposing there is no necessity for married women to have votes, what is the position of the vast multitude of single women who are strug- gling hard to keep themselves and those dependent upon them. The married women may be quite willing in most cases to trust to the discre- tion of their husbands in regard to the choice of representatives in Parliament, but who are to voice the opinions of the single women who have no qualified male relative, or what is worse, have only relatives whose proclivities, tastes and political views are quite opposite to their own ? Another mem- ber advanced the absurd plea that women should not have votes for Parliament be- cause they could not act as soldiers and policemen. Yet there are many men who are similarly incapable of serving in the ranks or either the army or the police, but there is no suggestion that they should be deprived of their votes for that reason. Parliament does not only deal with questions affecting the army and the administration and preservation of the law. It deals often with question which are of vital importance to the women of the country, and if the women are incapable of becoming soldiers and policemen, the men are as a rule very poorly qualified to deal with questions upon which the mothers are the best authorities. The rejection of the measure will occasion great disappointment, but we dare say that the women who are waiting for their rights will comfort them selves with the reflection that scarcely any great and beneficent reform has ever been accomplished without a long and severe struggle. "THE BENDIGONIAN," — This week's number of The Bendigonian has a series of views in and around Ballarat, including Sturt-street, looking west, and Bridge-street, looking west, a view on Lke Wendouree, photos of Cr. Elliott, Mayor of Ballarat West, and Cr. Murphy, M.L.A., mayor of Ballarat East. An interest- ing article, entitled "Impressions of the City," is appended. Another group of mayors and presidents of the surrounding municipalities includes photos of Cr. G. Tolhurst, president, Shire of Echuca, Cr. R.J. Lamb, mayor of Chewton, Cr, J.S. Simpson, mayor of Tarna- gulla, and Cr. D. Chalmers, president Shire of Korong. The remainder of the illustrations com- prise a photo of the three large successive weekly cakes of gold from the Garden Gully United mine, group photos of the Inglewood Borough Council and Mr. Allen Bindley's orchestra at the Masonic Choral Service, also two excellent portraits of the late Empress of Austria, one showing her on horseback. The letterpress is heavy, covering the week's news, the customary social letters, Children's Corner, a further instalment of the serial tale, sporting items, etc.; account of the Pyramid- Hill A.N. A. fancy dress ball, with description the dresses. The Bendigonian may be obtained from the town and country agents or at the office. "BEAUTIFUL ROHILLA"— This is the title of a new tale to be commenced in The Adverser on Saturday. It is from the pen of Harold Child, the author of "Driven by Fate," etc., etc., and will be found to be of absorbing in- terest. It abounds in sensational incidents and dramatic situations , and is powerfully and cleverly written. PARLIAMENT.— A resolution was carried in the Legislative Council yesterday on the motion of Mr. Connor, affirming the desir- ability of reserving sites of land for Govern- ment experiemental farms where practicable, fronting or near to different lines of railway. The House decided to insist on its amendments in the Maffra Beet Sugar Bill. The Quamba- took to Ultima Railway Bill was read a second time, and passed through all stages. The debate on the second reading of the Electric Light Bill was adjourned, and the Marriage Law Amendment Bill was further considered in committee. In the Legislative Assembly a long discusion took place on Mr. McGregor's motion for the abolition of the stock tax. Mr. McColl moved an amendment that the tax be abolished, and at the same time the rates of the carriage of produce be reduced. The debate was ultimately adjourned till the 12th October. The House shortly afterwards adjourned. THE GOVERNMENT CHARITABLE VOTE.— Telegraphing last night our Melbourne corres- pondent states :— The Treasurer to-day in- formed a deputation from the Warrambool Hospital that he could give them no hope of their getting anything like £1,500 for in- creased accommodation. He had only £10,000 to distribute, and there were 58 applications. He had had to give the charity scheme up in despair. A sum of £500 was the very most they could hope for, and he would not promise that even. THE WOMEN'S FRANCHISE BILL.— The rejec- tion of this measure in the Legislative Council on Tuesday night was much discussed in Ben- digo yesterday, and the members of the Women's Franchise League as well as the large and influential section of the male portion of the community supporting the movement ex- pressed their great disappointment at the re- sult. Referring to the subject, the Herald states that the Premier yesterday remarked :— "I suppose we shall only have to try again. I told the ladies who waited upon me as a depi- tation some time ago that they would have to turn their attention mainly to convincing the members of the Upper House of the justice of their cause. There were several members of the Upper House away, and perhaps next time the necessary 25 members may be secured to vote for it." THE COURTS.— The September sitting of the Court of General Sessions was opened and con- cluded before his honor Judge Gaunt yester- day. There were five cases set down for hear- ing, and the accused in three of them pleaded guilty. William Watson was sentenced to three years' imprisonment with terms of soli- tary confinement for stealing a bicycle from L. Herman ; and Louis Bernes received a term of three years for passing counterfeit coins and be- ing in possession of a coining mould. For stealing a horse from Mrs. Sieber, of Big- Hill, J. C. Bourke was ordered to be imprisoned for two years with hard labor and terms of solitary confinement. The jury found the miner, Matthew Rodda, not guilty of the assault and robbert on Charfles W. Eastwood at Eaglehawk, or of the charge of receiving stolen property, and he was therefore discharged. Thomas Dunbar appealed against the decision of the mayor (Mr. A. Harkness) and Messrs. Ander- son, Hoskins and Gibson, JsP., in sentencing him to 12 months' imprisonment in April last on the charge of having no lawful visible means of support, and in the face of fresh evidence his Honor quashed the conviction and and dis- charged the appellant. The adjourned sittings of the County Court will be resumed at 10 o'clock this morning. A PRISONER FAINTS IN COURT.— A slight sensation was caused in the court of General Sessions yesterday afternoon by the fainting of Matthew Kodda while undergoing his trial on a charge of assaulting and robbing Charles W. Eastwood. As the jury was being empan- nelled Rodda, who was standing in the dock, suddenly fainted and fell back against the rail- ings and dropped on the form placed in the dock for the convenience of prisoners. After a drink of cold water he recovered, and was allowed by the judge to remain seated during the hear- ing of his case. The jury eventually returned a verdict of acquial. EXCUTION TO MELBOURNE.— The excursion to Melbourne under the auspices of the Chris- tian Endeavor Society yesterday morning was well patronised, about 250 passengers leaving the local railway station, while others were picked up at Golden-square and Kangaroo Flat. The engine and sides of the carriages were tastefully decorated with flowers and appro- priate mottoes. MINING ACCIDENT AT MARONG.— A miner named D. Toomey met with a painful accident at Marong yesterday morning. He was at work in the Albion Co's. mine when a quantity of earth fell away from a greasy back on to his right foot, which was badly bruised. He was assisted to the surface and taken home. Sub- sequently Dr. Peebles examined the foot, but the limb was swollen to such an extent that he was unable to say definately whether any of the bones were broken or not. Mr. Toomey states that the occurrence was purely acci- dental, and could not have been foreseen. DEATH OF A YOUNG BENDIGONIAN.— Yester- day morning Miss Lily Agnes Slobom, fourth daughter of the late Mr. R.B. Slobom, for many years connected with this journal, died suddenly at the residence of her mother in Park-street, Brunswick. The young lady's death was due to consumption, from which she had suffered for four years past. Her death will be learned with regret by many friends who were fellow pupils at the School of Mines, and associated with her in connection with St. Paul's Church, and much sympathy will be felt for the bereaved family. COUNTRY FIRE BRIGADES' BOARD.— This board will meet at Bendigo on Friday next. It is probable that the occason will be taken ad- antage of for having the foundation stone of the new fire station now in course of erection in View- street. WILLIAM GAY MEMORIAL FUND.— We have received the sum of 10s from Miss E. Hodgkin- son, of Inglewood, Taranaki, New Zealand, in aid of the above fund. PRESENTATION.— On Tuesday night Messrs. J. Casley, H. Tollett and Love were deputed by the subscribers to the testimonial to M. F. Jolly, late mine manager of the South Devon- shire mine, to purchase a suitable present for that gentleman. Yesterday afternoon these gentlemen and a few others met at the Beehive and presented him with a massive double gold albert. Mr. Jolly leaves for Wyalong shortly, where he has a two years agreement with the Needle Prospecting Co. as general manager. BROUGHT BACK.— About six weeks ago a warrant was issued at the instance of Mrs. Mit- chell (formerly of Ironbark) for the apprehen- sion of her husband, Ebenezer Mitchell , on a charge of alleged larceny of a tip dray. The dray, it is alleged, with other property, be- longed to his child, having been willed to it by the grandfather, who died about Christmas last, and Mrs. Mitchell was appointed sole executrix to the will. Accused went away to Western Australia with money which was raised by the sale of the dray. Detective McPherson sent in- formation to the Western Australian police, and accused was subsequently arrested. Constable Doble left on Saturday, 27th August, to convey the accused back to Bendigo. They arrived here yesterday afternoon, and prisoner was charged with the larceny of a tip dray valued at £6, the property of Emma Mitchell. He was bailed out last evening, and will appear at the City Police Court this morning. SICK JURYMEN.— His Honor Judge Gaunt yesterday excused Messrs. George Issler and Francis Esposito from officiating as jurymen at the court of General Sessions on the ground of illness. JEWISH NEW YEAR.— The holidays in com- memeration of the Jewish New Year will com- mence on Friday evening. In connection with the above, it is announced in our advertising columns that Mr. Barnett's loan and dscount office will be closed on Saturday (day and night). ROYAL PRINCESS'S THEATRE.— A fair house greeted the concluding performance of Mr. Geo. Rignold's Dramatic Co. last night , when "Con- fusion" was again staged. The complicated situations, as usual, appealed to the risible faculties of the audience, who marked their appreciation of the efforts of the performers with their hearty applause. MINING ACCIDENT.— A miner named Charles Rosewarne whilst erecting a staging in the Car- lisle mine yesterday, fell and dislocated his right shoulder. THE WEATHER.— Yesterday was fine and en- joyable, and being a half-holiday was much availed of for outdoor excursions. The night was fine but frosty. FOUND DEAD.— A Chinaman was found dead on the floor of his hut on the BuIlock Creek Road, Golden Square Iast evening. The matter was reported to Constable Walsh who on making inquiries, ascertained that the deceased was named Moy Bing, and that he gained a pre- carious living by hawking paper ornaments. Deceased had evidently been dead about a couple of days. The hut was in a most dilapidated condition and destitute of the barest necessities. Amongst the few articles it contained were a number of parcels of charcoal, which by their weight had evidently been used for retorting purposes. An inquiry will probably be held to day. THE SHOW.— Entries are coming in freely for the grand spring show of the Bendigo Agricul- tural Society. The latest addition to the prize list came to hand yesterday, when the secretary received a letter from the Victorian St, Bernard, Mastiff and Newfoundland Club, stating that the club would donate three silver medals, to be competed for in addition to the society's prizes. The show this year will undoubtedly, owing to the prevailing favorable conditions, be one of the finest yet held by the popular society. Entries close on Wednesday the 28th inst. CONCERT.— A successful concert was given in the Rowan-street Primitive Methodist Church last evening by the Total Abstinence Society's orchestra. The Rev. J. T. Kearns acted as chairman. Songs were contributed by Misses Hall, James, G. Kearns and Eames, and Messrs. Collett and Hughes. Misses Kearns and Johns played a piano duet, whilst Misses L. Fairbairn, E. Wilkinson and S. Alderson gave recitations. The orchestra played several selections in fine style under the conductorship of Mr. H. Johns After the singing of the National Anthem and the audience had dipersed the performers were regaled with refreshments. ANNIVERSARY CONCERT.— The twenty-fifth anniversary of the Kangaroo Flat Fire Brigade was celebrated last evening by a successful con- cert in the Oddfellows' Hall. Cr. J. Allan pre sided, and explained that the brigade was al- most out of debt, and hoped that the proceeds from the entertainment would help them materially during the ensuing year. Songs were well rendered by the Misses F. Cleaves, M. Jones, E. Rohs, M, Wooten, A. Jones, and Messrs.F. Marshall and W. S. Code. A recita- tion by Miss M. Rohs was well rendered, and the comicalities of Messrs. J. Mc Vey and R. A. Howell were warmly applauded. The selec- tions on the graphaphone by Mr. J.B. Hartley were much appreciated. Mr. W. Fellows was very successful in his ventriloquial efforts, which caused much merriment, and a clever ex- hibition of club swinging was given by Miss Eva Herchell and Mr. J. Beveridge. A cornet solo by Mr. C. R. Herschell was well received. Selections were also given by Herschell's string band. Misses M. Jones, N. Wooten and Mr. C. P. Herschell acted as accompanists. At the conclusion of the concert a dance was held, the music being supplied by Messrs. Herschell and Howell. CITY POLICE COURT.— Messrs. R. B. Ander- son, C. Perry and T. H. Henderson. Js.P., presided yesterday. A woman named Margaret Thomas, who had been under remand on sus- picion of having stolen a tablecloth, was dis- charged, as it had transpired that the cloth was her own property. Lena McKay, a girl about 17 years of age who had been arrested on a charge of vagrancy, was discharged on her promising to keep out of bad company in future. A couple of diminutive youngsters who had taken it into their heads to run away from home and had been arrested at Fotscray for vagrancy, were cautioned as to their future behavior. They were then discharged on their parents paying 23s 6d, the amount of costs incurred in bringing them back to Bendigo. Several debt cases were disposed of and the court then ad- jurned. MATRIMONIAL.— At St. Paul's Church yester- day the marriage of Mr. Chas. Collins, eldest son of Mr. John Collins, mining manager to Miss J. Gaywood, of Raywood took place. The Ven. Archdeacon MacCullagh officiated. The bride looked most becoming in a robe of beautiful white silk with court train, trimmed handsomely with Brussels lace and pearls, with sprays of orange blosoms. She wore the customary wreath and veil. The bride maids were Misses Ethel and Lily Collins (sisters of the bridegroom) and Miss Lizzie Bellars (niece of the bride). The Misses Collins wore silk blouses, trimmed with pretty lace Miss Bel- lars was attired in cream nun's veiling, trim- med with Brussels lace. The bridegroom's gift to the bride was a diamond brooch, and to the bridesmaids, Misses Collins, gold band initial rings; Miss Bellars, pearl dagger brooch. Mr. J.W. Pryor acted as best man. A sumptuous wedding breakfast was held subsequently at the brides's sisters residence, Cromwell, Wills- street. The healths of bride and bridegroom were proposed by the Ven. Archdeacon Mac- Callagh in happy terms. The happy pair left in the evening for Melbourne on their honey- moon. The presents were both numerous and costly. CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH.— A tea and public meeting in celebration of the 40th anniver- sary of the Congregational Church were held last night. There was a large attendance at the tea, which was presided over by the ladies of the congregation. Mr. Samuel Webb occu- pied the chair at the public meeting. The speakers were the Rev. J. Rickard, of Brighton, and the Rev. T. Adamsen. Anthems were ren- dered in a praiseworthy manner by the choir, under Mr.J.B, Crooks leadership. The solo "Oh, Rest with the Lord" was feelingly sung by Miss Elva Rogers and Mrs. Jones gave an ex- cellent rendering of the solo "God of Love." Mr. G. Harper sang "The Holy City" very effectively, and Mr. Levens ably delivered a recitation. Mr. A.T. Crook presided at the organ. ALL SAINTS' SUNDAY SCHOOL.— Last night's festival took the form of a drawingroom enter- tainment. Captain Robinson, of the Church Army, gave very interesting lantern story en- titled "Little Joy's Mission" which was much enjoyed. The Rev. H. Braddock, late of the Children's Special Service Mission in London, delivered an address to the children. His re- marks were illustrated by chemical experiments, and lessons he deducted were both humorous and instructive. This afternoon at 4.30 the rev. gentleman will commence a mission in the church, and at night will speak at St. Matthew's Church, Long Gully. THE KERANG SHOW.— For the convenience of country and distant exhibitors, entries in all sections for the annual show of the Kerang District Agricultural Society will be received by the secretary (Mr. John Coleman) up to 6 o'clock on Friday, 16th inst. "HIS STYLE." — According to the evidence of a widow in a case heard at the General Sessions yesterday, one of her neighbors had a style pecilarly his own of enjoying himself before retiring to bed, after a night spent in de- bauchery. "He generally sits down by the fence and has a sleep," she said. "That's his style." (Laughter.) He sings often, and some- times its pleasing to hear him." (Loud laugh- ter). LOYAL SANDHURST LODGE, I.O.O.F.— The fortnightly meeting was held on Monday even- ing at the Temperance Hall. The N. G. (Bro. E. Bush) presided. One new member was initiated, and one proposition for membership received. Sick pay to the amount of £7 8s 4d was passed. During the evening the N. G. pre- sented Bro. G. B. Lowery, the retiring J.P.G., with a collar and emblems of office. Bro. Lowery suitably returned thanks. The re- ceipts for the evening amounted to £33 15s. THE PROPOSED CHILDREN'S WARD.— The final meeting of the general committee in con- nection with the proposed children's ward at the hospital will be held this afternoon at 4 o'clock in the Town Hall. AN OLD ACQUAINTANCE.— Miss Helen Hart has been sojourning at Maldon. The Tarren- gower Times relates: — "Miss Helen Hart at- tended Holy Trinity Church on Sunday night, and when the plate was sent round she placed two tickets for her lecture in it, evidently in- tending them for the Rev. R.H. Potter." A GHOST IN HAMILTON.— The Hamilton Spectator states: — We have read a good deal of late of ghosts in Bendigo and other places, and no doubt have prided ourselves that Hamilton people were persons of substance and not shadows, but from what we have heard it would appear that a ghost was seen here on Friday night, which would be a conclusive proof that there is at least one person in Hamilton who has no substance — in his upper story. The ghost referred to was seen by a citizen, whose veracity cannot be doubted, sitting on a fence near the hospital, on the night mentioned. His siting on a cence indicates that the ghost does not wholly consist of air or vapor, or whatever such visitants from another world are made of, but that at least his anatomy was partly sub- stantial, or he could not have assumed that easy posture. We would suggest that if he is seen again a charge of coarse salt should be fired at the most corporeal part, whereupon probably the nocturnal intruder wil l "give up the ghost." 