STRAY NOTES. To Save my Country. I KAKE ray bleeding (and bled) country a present of nn Idea; if she will accept it in lieu of, contribution to tho income tax, well and good-1 shall be satisfied,1 and my country will not be much the poorer. Han jsard is in its present form deadly dull and droary. Mislaying wy own copy (let me make confession-I had thrown it, unopened, at an enemy who wanted my opinion about an Ode to 0 Inda tone's Ghost), I lately sought the publio's copy in the Library, and found that, though the placo is avowedly frequented by ardent politicians, not one in twenty of tue .volumes had its puses cut I Kow, Hansard oantaina the only otilóla! record-ia fact, the only complete record-of the most expensive company of entertainers which Australia permanently employ»; and as, the public now and then take such an extraordinary in- terest ia tho election of persons to that com- pany, and as it is again and again submitted with tremendous energy and endorsed by thunderous applause that the future of the country depends upon tho rejection of Brown and the acceptance of Jones, it seems to mo that this singular neglect-of Hansard cal's for an explanation. There must be some- thing wrong with it ; its style must bs bad ; thcro must bc something wanting. And, os a saviour of my country, I suggest that the experiment bo made of illustrating it. The text will lend Itself! admirably to pictorial treatment. Mr. Arthur Griffith is thc ex- quisite of the House ; in his straw hat, tennis trousers and cont, and broad, bright waist- band, ho is tho delight of members. Ficture Mr. Griffith, then, so garbed, issuing to thc House a general challenge to fight. "I am always prepared," ho says, " to hit back in any sense, morally or physically. I am quito prepared to give anyone the physical oppor- tunity if necessary." Certainly it would add to the " go" of the picture If it woro by standing order enacted that members shall bc required to maleo their' attitudes conform ns nearly as may be to their words. So Mr. Griffith in this case would have hts coat off, and would bc ia tho act of rolling up his Blecvcs and spitting over his left shoulder, in the approved ¿sty le. Kven tho report of .¿Ir, Lcvlcn's speech does not servo to give warmth to No. 3 of this session's IIan.su.rd; it isn't half so exciting as It .woui I seem to bo if it wcro punctuated with thumb-nail sketcher "Whore's Bennett?" Why, tho question doesn't strike tho eye or "stir tho soul. But plcturo a little, fat, round, bald-headed man, hl3 coat-tails flying in his excitement, his mouth open five .inches, and with a finger menacingly pointing at Bleath-and tho soul starts to move. And when the soul starts to bo stirred tho circulation begins to move. - « * ' 'Comino Back, -tp"-^ Tho burglars boon o-burglftig N In » ham'rous »ort of way ' Thank neavcu for oir.'unall uioroy, though Tho priest has boon away. Bo wo ventured out In daylight With our trlukcts awl our pay. But tho future's simply awful, - For the priest ls coining back 1 And there Isn't tims to'Milo a Wt ; Ho's already on tho track. , ' . Ho'll bo hore within a fortnight- *? And hall pat us on the rack. " Just a blt to help tho stators \ ' Ah,'comb; now; ll yo plaso 1" ° Or "A tlirlUo for tho mission . ..,'.' Ah, stop your bantorlng ways !.. A pound ?-Well, mako lt ten bab-' Yo'll not mías lt all yor doys." . ' Or prizes (or tho children, For the orphanage n mita, V. For bazaars a contribution ; i\ " ¿ Al>'l ho winks a wlckcil right . When you button up your pookot. ' And yon plead that money's tight. ,0 And. ho ohaffa you for n Joker, Awl pours .ld» tola of woo : V; But Its always for somo others, . Ami-you juat enn't U>11 lilm No. ? And ho buttons up iii» packet, ;: ~ And then bo lots yon go. . , fk> It's burglars in our homes ? ; Arid a beggar lu tho street ; ?. _ ..' Both of 'em learned tholr business woll, ./And know tho chaff from wheat. And which learned best I do not know, . Or which la worst to meet. . ? ' ' . » * In Committee. ¡ If Melbourne laughs at us when our doctor opens a pawnshop nt tho Hospital (and with- out a license, too), why bhouldn't wo laugh nt . Melbourne when tho - chairman of its Benevolent Asyslum proceeds to treat; tho members ot his committee os-naughty boys in need of constant reproof Ï Aa, for example : - - vj Whilst tho applicants'for admission, ntnnbcrlng 13, wera ranged bi lino, Dr. Lloyd, Mr. D. IV.'Ramsay, and Mr. A. Webster (a new member of tho committee) walked ncross and sea tal themselves on the eastern side of the. table. After engaging in conversation, tlioy wera laughing apparently at n .jokeifrom Dr. Lloyd. . Tho clinlnnan Interposed In a loud voice : Wo don't allow that sort of thing herc, Mr. Webstsr. Mr; .Webster : I don't understand yon I I dou't know what you maint I am unaware Uint I hive dono anything wrong. . Mr. Jaffray : Ton aro not In your Boat, and you, are showing disrespect to tho chair. Mr. Webster : I only wanted to get out of the way of the applicants. - Mr. Ramsay : That b quito true. (Hear, Hear.) Mr. Jaffray contended that ha liad only dona lils duty to himself OJ chairman. Even at this distance wo can picture the scene when the committee of management of the Melbourne Benevolent Asylum meets : Tho Cliairman (loquitur) to tho committee:. " Fall in i (Committee falls lu.) Show hands I ?(Committee shows Its hands. Brat thc palms and tlicn tlio backs.) ,' Webster, your sara ara dirty. Fall ont.. (Inspection proceeds.) Stroug, the heels of your boots have had no blocking to-day. Fall out. (Strong falls pat, and begins to apply his coat sleeve to bia nose.) Have you no liandkerclilef, «lr Î (Strong 1* under- stood between his snivels to sly that heslorst lt-least Ramsay shook lt.) Then, Btrong, go Into tho room, and nae a duster, aud then throw lt Into thc rubbish bin, D'yon hear, sir 7 Barnet, what ara those spots on your forehead? (Barnet says ho duuuo.) Measles, I think. Have you measles in the hon«? ? (Barnet saja he dunno... Then, remembering soiunhttig, says Uin.) How dare rou then, come herc 7 Home, at once 1 An I so on ad infinitum. I ABGESIUir. 