Terrible Burning Acciddnt. A SYDNEY MAN FALLS ON A HOT STEAM-PIPE IN A BATM HIS FLESH ADHERED TO THE PIPE LIKE A STEAK TO A FRYING PAN. AN AWFUL S.IGHT. While in a bath in Pitt-street, a Mr. Jan-is had the misfortune to slip and full im the. hot water pipes, and before he could lie rescued he was scalded and burnt in a terrible war. The shock of the burn- ing and the fall proved to be very dis astrous tor Mr.Jarvis, and for a number of years after he was a confirmed invalid Buffering terribly from locomotor ataxia and other forms of paralysis. A few months ago, however, reports began to lie circulated in the nieghbourhood that Mr Jar vis was getting round again, and that he had had a most marvellous recovery from this apparently incurable malady. It was on account of these minors that a special reporter from the Sydney Worker was despatched to get afl inform ation regarding same, and one afternoon lie made his way ' to his house, 45 Crown- lane, Ultimo. Mr. Thos. Jurvis was dis covered nursing a f wo-vear-old baby, and his face declared bin one of the happiest men in Sydney, lie was up and about, and able to answer the knock at bite door Although pale and beating still a few marks of a critical illness and a period of pain, it was very clear that ho was an invalid no more. In repl . to the preliinary questions ho said; — "Yon want to know all about my cast?? Well, I ant glad of an opportunity to tell you. Tito facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." "How long wore you suffering 1" "Well, twelve months ago got so hud that I had to leave off work, titul I have done nothing since then. About five vears ago next Christmas I met with an accident ; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I have . been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give up my billet at Glebe Island." " What were the symptoms?" "Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just about as much as T could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in ©very part of me. I hail no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessan tly shivering and shaking, .and could neither eat nor sleep. On tho 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave "me an order to the" Director of Charitable Institutions." "Did you make use of the order?,' " No ;I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not- walk across tbe floor; iri fact, I could uot get out of bed. I felt then that it was all. over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up t.he ghost, My doctor was attending me, and did all he could by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I waa in. t was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclu sion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal chord, characterized hy peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co- ordinating voluntary move ment. He told me that I might last for tan rears, and that I might never get the use of wiy legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not iufallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing tho cure effected in the case of another boiler- maker in- England, which I read in the Australian Workman, by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the pil Is a trial anyway., and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing wa the matter with. me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible I immediately left the bed unci was able to move about. You see thoge crutches there? Thev tiro perfectly new, and I have never used thetn. They were made for me before I got Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, but I was too weak to usa them, and now I don't want them." " He is 100 per cent hotter," sail Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees, "i'he Dr Williams' Pink Pi. Is for P.ile People have saved his life, and made another man of him " A friend who called iu at this point said that Jarvis looked ten years y mnger that day than he did a fortnight previous. "I can now," continued: Jarvis, "have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back into my legs. I ascribe all the change and benefit to Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. They have saved my 'ife. I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. Ou the mantelpiece there is a box of opium ar.d morphia pills which the doctor gave tne to deaden the excrueia- ing pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Every body who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly belive thoir eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensatiou out here." Such is thia remarkable history, mid it confirms what is said in ail the chief newspapers of this country of the astonish ing ciiie.s wrought by Dr. Williams' Fink Piila for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial piralysi.-., an.-: spinal disease, also t.he many chsordors which arise from an impovr-.-iam-.l gtaio of the blood such as Htiarmia, pale arid sallow ' complexion, general mu-ou!ar weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous head ache etc. \lr. J. S. T. M'Gowon, Joader ol the Libor P o ty ni the N.B. Y. u'-gtmanive Assembly, was seen by. our repot--.".!- in connection with the remark-nde case of Thoina.s Jarvis. Mr. M i>-owen says he lias known' Jurvis from inrr-noy. Ho also knew that lie had to give up his work tit Glebe Island abattoirs twelve months ago owing to a malady which he developed. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was bed ridden, and that. there was iiitle ohauco-of his recovery. He understood Jarvis was refused admission to rlydnay !1 ' 1 . !,s his case had been pronounced incurable. Mr. M'Gowen was therefore Hire everyone else who knew the facts, astounded. at the complete recovery "I Jarvis. Those wonderful pres are ontainable from leading chemists, or Irom th© Dr. Williams' Medicine Go., Qna-.-u s Place, Stduov, who will forw.ir-1 (p t- !''"! ') on receipt ot stamps or post m-der, one o.ix for 2s 9 1., or half-dozen a 15s. 3 i. S-e that the genuine Dr. Vvdl' .o.s' are . gotten. 