HOUSEHOLD SUFFRAGE. The Socialistic nature of much of the legislation introduced by the Kingston Ministry has aroused the electors of South Australia to a sense of their political responsibilities. At one time the fatalistic policy of "men and not measures" held sway at almost every election, but it has been made evident that at the present time measures are regarded as of paramount importance. The result of the recent election for the Northern District must be morally regarded as an effective protest by the electors against the proposal of the Government to bring about a reduc- tion of the franchise for the Legisla- tive Council. Strongly supported by the Ministry, and posing as the Min- isterial champion in respect to that un- toward piece of legislation, Mr. Has- lam's defeat is appreciable as showing how the proposed measure is regarded by the majority of electors. This moral defeat of the Government will have its proper effect when the pro- posed measure is dealt with in the Upper House, the so well expressed voice of the country necessarily affect- ing the decision with regard to it The measure has never been regarded favorably in the country districts, and the recently expressed desire of the members of the House of Assembly to submit the matter to a referendum of lower House electors is looked upon with the greatest disfavor. It would be absolutely unfair and very undesir- able to allow the House of Assembly electors, the majority of whom would not have a vote if the measure was passed, to arbitrate upon the question of the qualification of franchise for another House, and we are more than surprised that the enlightened mem- bers of the Assembly should have agreed to a proposal of such a nature. However, the return of Mr. Tennant will contribute to the effectual block- ing of the Ministerial proposals in this respect. The whole colony on that account will have cause to rejoice that the vote of the Northern District elec- tors will prevent an unwise interfer- ence with the Constitution Act. The Weather.— Cold weather was ex- perienced during the early part of the week, and on Monday some good showers of rain fell. The fall registered since Friday last is just over an inch. Farming Operations.— The recent wet weather interfered somewhat with opera- tions on the farms, many farmers in the surrounding district consequently not being able to get their hay in. On the plains where the wheat, is almost ripe, some little injury was done by the wind and rain, but not of sufficient consequence to materially affect the yield. The warm weather now setting in will be appreciated by agricul- turists. A Magnificent Flower. — Mr. T. Smith, of Luton, has on view at his house a magnificent specimen of the, large-flower- ing hydrangea, which has no less than 10 blooms on it, some of them measuring eight, nine, and 10 inches across. The plant is well worth seeing. Sale: of Booths.— Messrs. T Reed & Co. will offer for sale the booths in connec- tion with the Clare Racing Club's races at Mildren's Commercial Hotel at 11 o'clock on Tuesday, December 6. A Ghost. — The other day as some school children were passing a large un- tenanted house in South-west Ward, Clare, they heard a peculiar sound within the building. Their curiosity prompted them to peer through some openings, when in one room they saw a strange object, which they declared was neither man nor beast, but a veritable ghost. Other children hear- ing of the affair went the next day to the haunted house, and sure enough they saw a "spectre" within making a "big noise." The news spread like wild fire, and some of the mothers of the frightened children went to the police. The guardians of the peace treated the thing as a joke, but with all seriousness these mothers told the cor- poral that if he did not catch the ghost he would be reported at head-quarters. Though ghost-capturing was not a specified line in the corporal's duties, he good-naturedly went to the party who kept the key of the haunted building, and ascertained that for some days one of the local tradesmen had been effecting certain repairs in the said house. That solved the mystery. Perhaps it was this incident that sent one of the old identities of the town raving that "an empty house was better than a bad tenant." Clare Racing Club.— A meeting of the above club was held at Ford's Hotel on Monday evening, November 28, and there was a good attendance. A letter was re- ceived from the S.A.J.C., informing the club that January 2, 1899, had been al- lotted to the club as a racing fixture. It was decided to engage band to play at the races. A discussion followed as to whether it would be advisable to hold races in future on December 28 instead of New Year's Day. It was decided to continue the meeting on New Year's Day. Resolved that Mr. R. J. Harmer's offer to work the totalizator be accepted. Sale of booths by Messrs. T. Reed & Co. to take place at the Commercial Hotel on Tuesday, December 6, at 11 o'clock. Secretary was instructed to call for tenders for altering and repairing the totalizator- house, &c.; A vote of thanks to the Chairman closed the meeting. The next meeting to be held at the Globe Hotel on Monday evening, December 12. Clare Rainfall. — The following shows the rainfall in Clare during the years and months named, in inches :— ? 1894\. 1895. 8396. 1897. 1898. Jan. .. 0.45 0.65 1.96 0.39 0.01 Feb. .. 0.78 0.07 0.08 0.52 1.86 March.. 2.41 0.58 1.21 0.17 0.72 April .. 2.01 6.55 3.17 0.58 2.18 May . . 1.72 0.69 1.66 2.35 4.56 June .. 2.60 4.36 3.89 2.04 6.53 July .. 5.09 4.74 1.67 3.98 2.99 Aug. .. 5.76 2.02 2.00 4.66 3.12 Sept. .. 2.41 1.65 0.74 3.71 1.16 Oct. .. 6.28 0.47 0.10 0.60 1.87 Nov. .. 0.22 1.09 0.39 0.68 1.42 Dec. .. 3.67 0.47 1.16 0.10 33.40 23.34 17.97 19.78 26.42 A Social Gathering. — A correspondent writes ! — On Saturday evening, November 26, representative gentlemen met at Sobel's Hotel, to bid good-bye and wish good luck to Mr. William Ohlmeyer, who is leaving Tanunda for Clare, over a glass of wine. Dr. F. Juttner occupied the chair, and in proposing, the toast of the evening eulogised Mr. Ohlmeyer for his sterling and upright character ; they had been school mates and he could well remember Mr. Ohlmeyer's in- dustry and thoroughness in all his work that he had carried out in his after life. He with those assembled wished him every success in his new sphere of business. The Clare people are to be congratulated upon obtaining so good a citizen. (Cheers.) Mr. H. C. Rundle supported the toast. He could speak with some authority, having known Mr. Ohlmeyer for so many years. His quiet and unassuming manner and good- ness of heart could but win the respect of all. He (Mr. Rundle) wished to state that in consequence of Mr. Ohlmeyer's hurried departure (they only heard that morning of his leaving for Clare) time did not permit of getting up a better send off in the way of a dinner. He, however, felt assured that Mr. Ohlmeyer would appre- ciate their well-meant intentions and good wishes over a glass of wine equal to that of a banquet. (Cheers.) He should miss their guest very much, and in particular should feel the want of his aid in all local concerns, in particular his skill upon the zither, which no doubt the Clare people would appreciate ; he wished him every success. Mr. H. Williams and Mr. E. B. Little, on behalf of the Chess Club, ex- pressed much regret at Mr. Ohlmeyer's de- parture. He had by his devotion organised the whist club, and had come out top during the season juet completed. Mr. H. Schroder and Mr. Towhy spoke on behalf of the Orchestra, of which Mr. Ohlmeyer was one of the violinists. They would miss his presence and help very much. The toast was received with much cheer- ing, the company singing " For he is a jolly good Fellow." Mr. Ohlmeyer in re- sponding thanked them all very much for the. kind things that had been said about him, and also for the good wishes expressed for his future success at Clare. He could assure them nothing would be wanting on his part if he did not meet with the prosperity they wished him. He Had been to clare, and liked the town very much. He would ever bear in mind hiS true and old friends, and when visiting his old home nothing could afford him greater pleasure than meeting his old friends and companions. Messrs. Stephens, Albenms, Towhy, Heine- mann, Sobele, and Trimmer contributed songs, Mr. Heuzenroeder rendered piano solos and accompanied the singers. Mr. E. Trimmer gave a good tambourine piece. Mr. O. Ohlmeyer was heard with much pleasure in his many contributions with tbe sweet zither. A most enjoyable evening was spent. Municipal Amenities, — At the meet- ing of the Clare Corporation on Monday evening (being the last meeting at which the Mayor, Mr. T. Reed, J.P., would pre- side, his term of office expiring on Decem- ber 1), the occasion of the presentation of his annual report was taken by the Councillors of the town to congratulate him upon the excellent manner in which the affairs of the town had been conducted during his occupancy of the Mayoral chair, and one and all expressed the hope that they would yet again see him occupy the same position. Mr. Reed thanked the Councillors for their kindly expressions, and emphasised the friendly feeling which had always pervaded the doings of the Council. Leave of Absence, — At the meeting of the local Corporation on Monday even- ing, the Health-Officer (Dr. O. W. Smith) was granted two months' leave of absence. Dr. A. A. Smith will carry out the duties during that period. Swearing in. — A special meeting of the Town Council was held on Thursday even- ing, when the newly-elected Mayor (Mr. T. S. Stacy), and Councillors Pink, Walsh, and Tilbrook were duly sworn in. Cricket. — A match will be played at Sevenhills on Saturday next between Clare and Sevenhills. The following players will represent Clare :— Kelly (captain), Tilbrook (2), Webb, Phillips, Ockenden, Meaker, Nancarrow, Lanyon, Tuck, and Hoaking. Conveyances will leave Clare at 1 o'clock sharp. Foreign Missions. — On Wednesday evening the Kev. Henry Worrall, of Fiji, gave a very interesting and touching lec- ture in the Clare Wesleyan Lecture Hall on 'The martyred heroes of Fiji," The lec- ture was illustrated by beautiful lantern slides, the mechanical part being skilfully manipulated by the Rev. T. G. White. There was a good attendance, and valuable service was rendered by Mr. Bishop's effi- cient orchestra. Erratum. —In our report of the conti- nental last week it was stated that Miss Cameron recited "Kissing Cup's Race." This should have been "Lady Bird's Race." Municipal Election.— On Thursday an election for a Councillor to represent South-west Ward in the local corporation was held, the contestants being Mr. A. T. Walsh (the retiring councillor for the ward) and Mr. P. McDougall. A good deal of interest was manifested in the election, and touters were busy during the day. Mr. T. Reed, J.P., was returning-officer. When the scrutiny was concluded in the evening it was found that each candidate had polled 37 votes, there being1 one informal, and the returning-officer giving his vote for the old councillor, Mr. Walsh vas there- fore elected. 