AMUSEMENTS. THEATRE ROYAL. MILBARttEPra 'HAMLET' In a quaint choice, little work entitled 'Gallery of Shakspeare,' pubhshed m 1&2S, with exquisite outline illustrations engraved in aqua fords by Ketzjch. is an interesting tribute o tha youth x-l Hamlot. upon which Mr. kViUoa Barrett lays to muoh stress. Before South Australia was proclaimed by Govornor Eliadmarsh in 1SJU this pracious volume was irought hers by a pionser coloonit, the lace VIr. J. M. Skipper, an ardent studant of ihakspoara, and be was wont to road it aloud u- tbe little band of pioneer* by the camp-fire it Holdfast Bay ovar sixty years ago. Tho ?l\t*t, drawn with infinite grooa, dolicacy. tad fidelity, represent Hamlot as a young nan a little over twenty, refined in Feature, athletio in form, but not iu matured manhood's mould. It u an idea mors fitting ud more protic than the thirty-fivo-year-old typo of man wo have bean accustomed to in what may bo termsd tho rucognisad interpm t*tioa of the text Sir John Gilbert, in his fine illustrations of tho play, draws Hamlet as a- man not much ovor twenty. We io not proposo to discuss the quostiou, or Mr. Barrett's ohanges ia the construction of, and the liberties he takaa with, the play— he is a histrionic radical, and the coasorrativea may oonf root bun. What we desire to say is that hia conception was right away from tiw conven tional track, and hu presentment of Hamlot oa Saturiay night was an intellectual treat for mind and eye. It was the bast stags tribute to the piece that we have ever bad in this city, »nd no audienco erer assembled in the Theatre Royal has paid mots distinct homage of rapt kttentioo as that which he hold in thralL Tho wdiwrium was filled with paopla compelled by the fascination of Sholupsare's g«nius and the kaen duire to study wbas promised to be x new reading. When Mr. Burott appoared the (greeting he reoolrad wa» aa eloquent ex pression of that inserest. His dear, prociso enunciation— that of a finished olocutioaist— gave every word weight and purport. He made a vigorous, robust Hamlot, one of princely moin. courteous and maitarful; but tbo very maturity of f rams, tbo strong, broad face, powerful profile, and deep, rotund roico handicapped Mr. Barrett in hu effort to make Hamlet appear a youth of tweuty. Otherwise the impersonation was parfoct— bad the actor bson hiunolf younger tnen were he a Hamlet with scarce a flaw. The oase and dignity of his dsmeanour were worthily coupled with tho beautiful passage! tho Master of Language puts in the mouth of this [ueceful character. Unmistakably Mr. Barrett's Uumlot is not mad, and, be the actor wrong or right, his interpretation was a thrilling study of fathomable depth and clear sloquaoco. It ?eomed%to lend a keoiwr sast to the pliyto watch tha dovelopment of this keon-witted young Dane's seheme, cleverly sxpreued by the aotor'a toao and »-nw- The outbursts of emotion, horror, grief, and wrath at tho manner of his father's treacherous taking oBf; tho eoofliot between Bhaina at his mother's iuoutuoui matiug with his hated undo, and tha natural rarereaco of a ton for a mother wore made manifest with a skilful subtle moderation, which made them tho mom iutetus be came of what lay beneath the surface. The courtliness of his bearing to his friends was npt marred by too strong a contnwt of extreme violdusa to hu totu, for this Hamloi was of too manly a mould so indulge in horoics, or to ttorm and rave as some do. There was refine maut in tho scene with Ophelia. Onocoald sue tho conflict of real tenderness for tha beau tiful maid, with the suspicion that she had been 3et to spy upon him, moJ-3 a certainty when be catches a glimpse of the King hidia; behind tha curtains. Tb9 painful interview with his mother was conducted in the saan- masterly method, suggesting terrible passion and dugest kept in rein by tho force of natural affection. Thaw wu bitter scorn, wild uphraidinz, but no hectoring ; horror struggled with filial love. Whore ha in such eloquent word painting cam oardd the two Kings and the two miniatures he was exceedingly eiproasivo even to tho action ot dtampiag in '6° ap--a his uaslo's portrait, which bad boon dashod to the floor in tao culmination of his disgust and wrath. The famous soliloquy was delivered leaning against an amiqua chwr— an effective pate— aud overy word foil with cloar msaainz. In tho soonu with tha gravediccrer the soliloquy on Yorick had tho pathos of deep natural feeling and brooding philosophy, aad in the scoao with Lairsos over Ophelia s grave there was more soorn and sorrow than violent pauion. la tho final1 ass tha fatal fanciog bout with Laertas was akilfclly conducted; nor was the stabbing of the King carried even near tbe verga of molodrama, as it too often is— it camo ai tho last deaperate aot of a horriaoil. overwrousht man. Them &ra; points about Mr. Barrett's Uamle: that will not satisfy now stnden ts of Shakspeare, but the verdict on Saturday night was unmistakably in favour of tho oxi»nout, uew roadarins thou?'i it were, and somewhat ODposed to the traditions. To buoi up, it w&s; scholarly, original, artistic, a very human Hanibt, which awakesod symiiathy. * Mbt Maud Jeffries alto secured tho sympathies of the houso with i\or Ophelia by hor awtMtac^a of manner, beaasy, aud capiwil cou:aptiou of the cbar-wtor, albeit she is built upoa ao liberal a scale as to look less cirlish than the daughter of Polonius is generally madii to appear. It, howo7or, constituted her a Suing mato for such a Hamlet ; she seemed worthy to sharo a thronn with him. Har maidenly bearimr was infinitely gracious. Thoro was a happy blsadin; of the modesty of theartle&i; maid with tha conscious dignity of tha gentlowoman, and aba lost none of it in the trying scone with lioailot. Her grief at this noblo miud o'ertbrown was no wild irrcgulated outbuut, buk perfectly ia keeping with her geutlo character. There wiire few tearless eyes during tha mad some, which she pasdod through in a mod* irreiistibly nla:nti«6. For ihis ralief mach thanks ! Wo have at last had a Quoon Gcr trndo who is not a nonentity. Miss Lillah McCarthy's almost only fault was that aha looked too youn£. though very pretty, to bo the mother of Hamlet. As Queen she took a personally prominent part in tha play, bore hersolf with royal grace, and in tha chamber scano was not tho shivering, W3ik woman, bent beneath the sirocco breath of har outraged son's burning denunciations. Her greeting— Hamlet, tbou tmt th/ ttztyir much o&ncUd;, whan ha entered had in it tin ring of matronly dignity and maternal solicitude. VThtni she bnilce doura uadar his reproaches her shuddering reoeption of it aud remorseful bearing did not too muoft abato tha unconscioua graco of her exit. A Polonius who is not a doddering old dotard, utteriy unfit to bo Lord Chamberlain to a warrior king of stormy Deumark. is as rare as a good jjravodigjpr. Mr. Horace UodgM gave us * Poloaius well stricken in years, but a man whom no one but tha Prince daro flout. He presented a shrewd, stately, ceremonious official, who won resDcct, and who ia his wlvico to his soa gavo it the weight of a man of tho world, as ha did his fat! o:'.y admonition to hia daughter, in tho toi ? --f which lurked a note of t«udera-Ms and pareaul urido for so goodly a child. Laertes wanted backbone, and was duduuh in the hands of Mr. Percy val, who is a youns actor who can do well ia congenial rolas. He was bait in tbe prtvo iceno uid tbe ionoing. If Mr. Carter-Edwards had not sometimes im ported a lachrymose tona into his voica he would have bauu aa im pressive Kiug Claadius. His appearance was icipauag. Ass liontio Mr. Percy Foster was a fair foil to Haoiiet, and Mr. Caleb Porter wus a capital Roaencraatz. with a worthy aid in Mr. Honry Barker at Guildaastern. Hail to Mr. Gaorgo Howard, tha first grave digcrer. It muss be a comlort to » corpie to be buried by w »hrowd aud witty a knave. In make-up and acting ha made the bost old dbfcicapeariftit sexton we have s*ea for many i ^eawa. It wua study. Hamlot's father's glioss ho* come np tnroogh » tnp-dosr, stepped out of a hole in the castle wall, amerced slowly to sight an impalpable figure, ?talked heavily octom in frost of the foot lights, and mode himself manifest in various other in^aaiou ways. Mr. Edward Irwin choose first tho fore-part of tha stage and later on the dim mligioos light of tha rear, and was a good ghost. It was solemnly effeo tive whan Uamlei had the last intorviow wish tha ghostly visitant in semi-darkness. The balance of the cast was: — Priest, Mr. Edward Woods; Mareellus, Mr. U. Mer vyu; Bernardo, Mr. W. F. Glitaerow; fint actor, Mr. D. McCarthy; second actor, Mr. (i. Ruben; and messenger, Mr. Norman: the player Queon, Miss Rose Pendennis. Tho costuming and staging sur passed any previous reprasenutioa here in quality and de«iga. Tba mountimtwas done with re^al splendour, and tha grouping, differing in some respects from that of previous companies, was striking. The scenery, by Messrs. W. Hann and Stafford Hall, and the incidental mu,io by Mr. Edward Jonas, gave great eatufactien; in fact. 'Hamlet' was sptondidly staged. Tha rich aatting softened the sombre aspect of tha play. Tha profound impression .opon tho house was indicated by tha mute attention, tha buzz of comirent between the acts, and tho acclamation which culminated in cheering at tba clow. Tho cur tain hod to ha raised many times, and Mr. Barrett can lay tbe flittering unction to his soul that he bis scored aa unqualified aucceM. not only by his own acting, but because ha was so splendidly supported. 'Hamlet' will be played again to-aitfht. This will bo a grand souvenir night, and every lady present will receive a pictorial reminder of a highly successful sooaob. 