If the Premier of New South Wales can carry his proposal through Parliament, we shall see the referendum or plebiscite, as Mr Reid preferso to call it, engrafted on the Constitution of a British State. The other day, prior to his departure for Melbourne to take part in the proceedings of the Federal Convention, Mr Reid told a Press interviewer that he purposed redeeming a promise, which he had made more than twelve months back to the leader of the labor party in the New South Wales Parliament, that he would take a vote of the people on the fiscal question, that is to say, he would ask the people to determine whether they would still live under a policy of unfettered trade, or whether they would go back to protection. The provisions of the measure which Mr Reid will ask Parliament to pass in order to give effect to this promise will be awaited with some little interest. In the first place, if it is good, to apply tho referendum to the fiscal question, Mr Reid may as well go a step further, and draft his bill so that it shall upply to other questions of policy regarding which there may be a difference of opinion, which is merely another way of saying that it may be made applicable to all questions, and Ministerial responsibility be a thing of the past. How long is the decision to stand whatever it may be ? " Nothing is constant, nothing is true," the poet tells us, and certainly that is so as regards the opinions of people on most subjects. Also, what will be the attitude of Mr Reid and his colleagues should superior organisation on the part of the Protectionists secure a majority on the fiscal issue ? Will he and they pocket their principles and administer a policy which they have condemned as ruining the couutry, or will they stand true to their colors, throw up their respective offices, and endeavor to educate the people up to an appreciation of the advantages of free trade by the time that another badgered Minister may ask them under which thimble is the pea? The mere fact of their proposing the referendum precludes us from assuming that they will adopt the latter alternative. For the referendum, as seems to be proposed by Mr Reid, is neither more nor less than a way to escape their proper responsibility by Ministers. It is an excrescence on the form of government at present adopted by all British States, in fact, under it Responsible Government is really set aside. The Premier of the elder colony has a good deal on his hands just now. Besides this precious proposal for the adoption of the referendum as part of the constitutional machinery, he has also undertaken to reform the Legislative Council ; but, in view of the possible adoption of the former, it seems, as a Sydney paper points out, hardly worth while to bother about the latter, for, once let that be accepted, neither branch of the legislature will be of much consequence in the management of the State's affairs, which work will really be done by the people. Mr Reid may have had it forced on him that the Parliament which he has led for some time now has failed to satisfactorily carry out its work, and seeks to relieve it and himself of responsibility in the near future. However, it ma be assumed with some certainty that whatever the Lower House may do in regard to the referendum, the Legislative Assembly — whether as at present constituted, or as reformed by Mr Reid— will make short work of such a drastic alteration in the Constitution and one, moreover, which has not been asked for by the people. The following is the weather forecast for to-day:— Cloudy, with passing showers and strong winds in squalls, with a tendency to an electric disturbance. The barometer will fall rapidly. A disturbance, named 'Uphaz,"'is 1000 .miles W.N.W. from Hobart, and will affect Tasmania in about two days. The weather in Latrobe yesterday (writes our correspondent), was fine. In the morning it was somewhat close and cloudy, and rain appeared imminent, but the clouds cleared off in the afternoon and all appearance of rain passed away. Rain set in on Wednesday (writes our Kindred correspondent), and continued up to about 10 at night. A good rain also fell on Thursday. The tolegraphio 'arrangements for tp- morrow aro as follow :— -Hobart, Launcbs- fcon/and Zoolmn close from 10 a.m. to 0.30 p.ni; other stations open from O.lo 10 n.m. and Jrom 7 to. 8 p.m. Tho La trobo Post pfHco will : bo opon only from- 7 to 8 p m. Wo havo hoard nothing of tho othor post ollieos in tlio district closing, so prosuwo. tlioy will - bo open as usual." : Tho following ' aro tho returns at tho local Customs ofliqb for tho wcok ending Saturday :— Duties : Spirits, £3 lis 1 3d ; tobacco, £29 8s ; other goods. £344 3b lid ;;tbtal; £377 3s 2d. .Bond charges: Samples and ropacks, lsj rcnts, 5d j re ceiving charges, Od total, 2s 2d..,Mhriifr Board charges: Wharfage, £30 Is 3d harbor duos, £34 19s ; total,. £05 0s 3d. Grand total, £442 5s 7d. , Influenza is very prevalent at Devonport, and during the past two or three days several residents have had to lay. up. Coast people will learn with regret of the serious indisposition of Mr Roger Winspear, who towards the end of last week was attacked by influenza, and yesterday morning was very low at his residence, inflammation of the lungs and other disorders having supervened. Harvesting operations (writes our travelling representative) are now in full swing throughout West Devon, and as the grain is ripening very fast, where not already ripe, the farmers are much put about to got their work done. The late rains did incalculable good and but little harm, and if the weather now holds up for a fortnight much of the grain will be safely housed. In the Pine road districts the crops are very fair, and will return good average yields. The potatoes there were saved by the recent rain, and appear to be now making good headway. Threshing is in full swing in parts of the eastern districts, oats being the principal crop operated upon. Some of the yields are very fair, Mr J. Hegarty, of Northdown, obtaining an average of 60 bushels to the acre from a fair-sized area. Some of the Kindred farmers) writes our correspondent) seem to have been fortunate in obtaining some of the high prices for their potatoes. I hear that one received a cheque of £22 for 36 bags, which he took to Devonport, and another £4 odd for 7 bags. But the crops are very light, not averaging 2 tons to the acre, and the late ones will not go that if we do not have a good day's rain at an early date, The bush fires have abated, and the smoke has cleared away. Messrs E. Keep and W. Wellard had a narrow escape from being burnt out last week, but willing hands soon extinguished the fire around the homesteads. Some little damage was done to the fences and crops, but only slight. — The wheat in the district seems to be free from rust, and well headed. Ferry and punt on Sunday morning, about 9 o'clock, were apparently left in the charge of one individual. About that hour a clerical gentleman, evidently with a distant congregation to spiritually administer to, reached the east bank of the river, the punt being on the west. A lengthy wait was inevitable, and the cloth settled itself comfortably in the conveyance, to wait with what patience it might, the advent of the punt. As it approached, however, it was seen that one of the ferry boats was lying just where the punt would bring up. A nipper, about the height of half-a-dozen coppers, set to work to get the boat out of the way, but it was quite beyond his puny strength and the reverend passenger, no doubt dreading further delay, vacated his seat in the buggy and managed to get the craft clear, in ample time to mop the clerical brow and wipe the clerical hands with the clerical hankerchief and resume his seat in the buggy before the advent of the punt. Truly the business of keeping up communication between the two banks of the river is managed in a fearful and wonderful fashion. Hares are said to be becoming very numerous on the Coast. A resident of Lower Barrington informs us that he has shot as many as four in two hours, and on Sunday evening, as our representative was coming from the Penguin he saw several on the Main road, one running almost under the horse's hoofs. No Business will bo transacted at' tho Courthouse at East Devonport to-morrow (Centenary Day). , Centenary Day will bo observed to morrow in a half-hearted .way at Ulver stone (writes our correspondent), The banks wiH close, but tho shops will remain open; Tho only local gathering of im portance will he the oricket match, West Devon v. Wellington, to be played , at Ulvorstonu, Play is to bo commenced at 10.30, and it is expected that thero will bo a moderntly large attendance. A golf match between teams representing the Sheffield and Devonport clubs will be played at the links at West Devonport to-morrow. The following are the local team Dr Smith, Captain Mackay, and Messrs Ibbott, R. Driscoll, G. A. Fulton, C. Stackhouse, and A. Woodhill. Mr G. J. Mackay, who for some time past has held the pastorate of the Baptist Church at West Devonport, but who is leaving in ordor to pursue his studies at Molbourno, held farowoll services on Sun day. In tho evening thoro wore about 200 persons presont, many not boing ablo to gnin admittance. Mr Mnokay took for his text, Provorbs, 4th chapter, 14th verso, "Entor not into tho path of tho. Nvioked, and go not in the -'way of evil inuu."' In an earnest address the preacher , warned young mon of tho evils of gambling, drinking, and bad company. 'Mr.Mackay ia succeeded ill tho pastorate by Pastor Walton, late of Porth, who Iihh already takon up his rosidonco at West Devonport. My Mackay's doparturo ia greatly regretted, not only ..by members of his congregation, but.by all. with wljom ho has came in contact. . A farewell muoting wHl bo htdd'in tho church this evening. . j The West Devonport Wesleyan Sunday school celebrated its anniversary on Sunday, when services were held in the morning, afternoon, nnd ovoning, by th« Rev R. D. Bridgewood (chairman of the Mersey district). The building was tastefully decorated, the appearance being most pleasing. Tbo attendance at 'each service was very largo, tho searing accom modation being fully takon up.'. At, tho morning sorvico the rev gentleman took for his text, Judg03, Othclmptor, 25th and 26th vores. In an address to tho children at tho afternoon sorvico, tho Rov Mr Bridgewood made reference to the presence of so many scholars from other schools, aud said tliat, notwithstanding divisions and outside arrangements, tlioy wore oil sorving ono Master.1 Ho then dwelt on tho . three books ,of Solomon, whioh, ho naid, wero likened to thp temple, tlio Book of Proverbs boing the outer court, Ecclesiastics the iunor court, and the Songs of Solomon the court of priests. One of tbo; books contained the text, " My holoved is goho down into his ganlcu.to gather fillies," and tho 'Biblo was full of similar beautiful passages,' ond as a .book ;<>f litonituro contained tho greatest goma ovor known. Roforonco was mado in several places to flowers and gardens, and it had been, said that inan had made tho cown and God tho country. Heathen deities were always ugly fri their attributes, but the most beautiful thing about the Almighty was that Ho was a God of love." Tho prizcH ivcro then distributed, the principal nwarcH among the girls boing presented to E. Rudd, H. Taylor, E- . Powell, J.' Rutlfl, W./Duzoloy, and C. Dazuloy, E. Rudd gaining the largest number of marks in tbo school. . Among the boys, A. Dazeley, H. Hille, A. Hiller, B. Rudd, and C. Ramsay were the principal prize-takers, W. Dazeley secured thu prizo for the . best sub of return sd tablets among the girls, O. Dazuloy obtain ing a similar awnnl among tho boys. O, Denby, L. Powoll, and E. Rudd wero CAchproseutud wilii certificates in connec tion with tho enmpotitiou under the aus pices of the'Yictorian Wesloyan Sunday Schobl Union. . The 'inaximuin number of marks was 120, and 0. Donby and L. Powell each scoured 81, and E. Rudd 72; Two of tho candidates obtained tho maximum number of marks for catechism, wliilo' the thirl through mis-spelling tho word '"men" Ipst a mark. Thero woro four candidates from tho school, throo passing, and thoro woro altogether 800 competitors. At the ovoning sorvico tho rov gontleinnn took for bis text, Luke 24th chapter, 13th verso. Tho singing at each sorvico was vory good, tho forces boing under tho comluclnrship of Miss Dazoloy, Miss Hilior prcsidingut tho organ. Tho annual picnio is to bo hold at tho Morsoy Bluff to-morrow. Tho annivorsary sorvices iu connection with St Stephen's Sunday school. Pen guin, wero hold on Sunday, when the Rev R. J. do Coetlogon officiated at tho morn ing sorvico, which was largely attended. Hymns suitable to tho occasion were sung, Mrs Mitchell ofliciating at tho organ. Tho rector, prior to giving out tho prizes, mado an oxccllont address, principally to the children. He complimented them on their good behaviour, which reflected credit on themselves and thoir tcAcliers. Ho spoko of tho journey of tho Israelites through tlio wilderness, guided by tho cloudy pillar by day and fiery pillar by night, and tho miraculous manner in which the travellers received their food, drawing lossons showing that all preajnt wero like wise travellers through a wilderness, but if put on tho right road by being baptised in the name of tho Father, tlio Son, and the Holy Ghost, they recoived a start. Later on confirmation eamo as a help to keep tliom on tho right way, and he trusted every ohild presont w.mUl ho con firmed, and later on become communi cants, thus receiving food by tbo way. and romoinbering tho ' Last supper" and and Christ's words, uThis do in remem brance of Me." He urged the obildrcn to remembor tho fifth commandment, to honor thoir father and mother, to lio obedient in their homes, to attend tho services at the church, and Sunday school, and to show'their gratitude to tho teachors who gave up their time on Sunday to teach them, by being good and learning the set them. Ho then distributed the prizes as follow i— Girls : 1st class — L. Anthon (183 marks), 1 5 E. Hales (162 marks), 2 ; M. Anthon (130 marks), 3\. 2nd class— F. Sullivan (190 marks). 1 ; S. McPhail (181 marks), 2 ; A. Taylor, (179 marks), 3. 3rd class— E. Naylor (139 marks), 1 ; .M. Carmon (130 marku), 2 ; G. Neil (123 marks), 3. 4th class-M. Irwin (137 marks), 1 ; E. Carmen (127 marks), 2; N. Irwin (102 marks), 3. Boys : 1st class— G. McPhail (195 marks), 1 ; J. MoPhail (190 marks). 2 ; A, MoPhail (181 marks), 8. 2nd class— W. MoPhail, 1 ; H. Walmisley. 2 ; F. Denney, 3. Special prizus : Best soholar in school, G. MoPhail ; attendance at choir practico, R. Thorosby ; punctuality, Suaan McPhail ; good conduct, Ruth Naylor ; regular attendance, Lily Anthon; scripture questions, Lily Authon. There are on view at Messrs G. & A. Ellis' store, Ulverstone, some oats grown on their farm at Gunn's Plains. The oats are of the sparrowbill variety, are well headed, stand almost 7ft high, and are said to be much on an average with the rest of the crop. We understand that it is intended to hold a sports meeting at Ulverstone on Easter Monday The Rev. J. R. Bradbury, of the Forth, preached an in memorium sermon at the Ulverstone Wesleyan Church on Sunday evening in connection with the lamented death of Mr Henry Rockliff. The church was crowded, and the preacher, who was most earnest in his remarks, was listened to with great attention. ; Tho anniversary services., in connection with tho West Pino .Anglican Bunrtny sohool woro hold on- Sunday afternoon, in tlio building qroutqd about a conplo. of years ago, and now used as; .late school and church, and which it is intended to eonsucrato later on under tho titlo of St Wilfred's. Tlio rector officiated, and ovory scat was filled by attoutivo listonors Tho singing was hearty, and Miss Kainy ably officiated oh organist. Tlio preacher gnvo a simple but vory instructive add rosp to tho youngor members of tho congrega tion, and nlso strongly advised tho paronU to ho very careful ' to only - allow their children to road wholosomo litoraturo. Ho then guvo/out thu prizes, speaking' a few kindly words to each recipient. .Tho followiug nro the loading prize winners: — Girls ; 1st Class— M. Clarke, . I ; B. Rpbson, 2.; ;V. Lancaster, 3.-, ; ,2nd Ohss — E. Euimcrton, 1 ; F. Emmortoh,' 2 ; M. Dickers. 3. . Boys : 1st Class— S. Clarke, 1 ; Gi Clarke, 2. 2nd Class—" Vf Bonney, 1 ; F. Eininorton, 2 ; B. Bonnoy, . The monthly meeting of tlio Ulvorstono Town Board ' will ' be held on Thursday evening. - 's ' 1 The following will represent the Devonport Tennis Club in a match against the Latrobe club to-morrow :— Messrs G. W. Murray, W. N. Holmes, A. Brockett, F. Gregory, G. H. Webb, and A. W. Steel. The new premises which have been erected for Mr Milner Macmaster, of the Devon College, are to be opened next week, when scholastic duties will be resumed after the Christmas vacation. The main building, which faces Fenton street, is in a very commanding position, over- looking tho town, and from the balcony the view of sea, river, and woodland scenery is perfect, in fact, a more desirable position for an educational institution could hardly be obtained at Devonport. There aro altogether twclvo rooms in tho rcsidental building, . each tlToing. spaoious, lofty, and well lighted, and fitted 'with all modern conveniences. The class-rooms nro faring Ronald struct, boing sopnrntod from the main building by a tombs court. The ' grounds covcr a /lnrgii area; Mr Macmastcr having secured . adjoining vacant idlotmuntH., whioh hu' has had fenced ill and cleared, and on quo a cricket pitch is to )>o laid. Tho buildings aro ho situated that an excellent- Hcliumo of drainage lms boon olfectod, and although fogsuro rare at Devonport, tho allot ments aro s liigb above tho .Viver/as .to oscapu occasional stray ones. Vs slated in a previous issue, the sorvicosof 5tr H«. Weston havo boon socuved. as an art toachor.;'. i1' ' ' ' '' ; A correspondent writing from Oatlands, under date January 15, states that matters agricultural and pastoral are in a very bad way down there. The drought and scorching winds have destroyed many of the crops. and hundreds of acres of oats und wheat will not be worth cutting, whilst good crops are as rare as snow at midsummer. The want of water, also, has been severely felt, cattle havving to be driven miles to obtain a drink,-hence the condition of the stock is far from what it should be. On many runs losses of stock have been heavy, many cattle, and even sheep, getting bogged in trying to reach the scanty supply of muddy fluid left in the waterholes. Lake Dulverton, otherwise 'The lagoon," adjoining the township of Oatlands, has almost dried up, and is lower than it has ever been since the head waters of the Exe Rivulet were turned into it many years ago, and, in consequence, the odors arising therefrom are far from pleasant, and fears are expressed that a pestilence may arise. Fifty years ago it was not an uncommon thing for the lake to become nearly dry, but since the above waters have been by the aid of a huge ditch turned into it such has not occurred. Reports from York Plains, also, are to the same effect, and it appears that the wheat there has in some paddocks completely perished, so that some of the farmers are but little better off than those burned out at the Huon and elsewhere. Many of the house- holders have had to go long distances for water, and some of the Midland townships have had to get it brought by train from more fortuunte localities. The New South Wales Government Statistician's estimate of the population of that colony on December 31, is 1,323,460 souls, of whom 709,360 are males, nhd 614,100 females. Tlio inorense in popu lation for tho year is 25,820. Tho excess of births over deaths i« responsible for 22,968 of this number, and tho oxcosb of arrivals in tho colony, over .the departures for 2802. Mr Cogbhh atatos that there has been a continuation of the emigration of married - women to- join' thoir husbands in Western Australia, but not to tho sumo extent as in 1890. Thero has also been an exodus of single women, chiefly of the servant class, to tho same colony. As a result of tho unfortunate accident to tho stenmor Innamincka and the sub sequent suspension of Captain Anthon's certificate for six months (says "Tho Argus"), that gentleman has handed in his resignation to tho Adelaide Steamship Company, who, in accepting thu docu ment, expressed their regret at loniug his services, aud wished Mm every happiness and prosperity. Captain Anthon will for ths present take up his residence in Tas- mania, whither he proceeds next wook His many frionds, however, will be plcasod toloarn that ho has not yotdorided upon retiring permanently from the sea, but that ho, on tho other hand, will probably ro- onter nautical lifo when, the term of his suspension is at an end. He has been in tho employ of the Adelaide Steamship Company for tho past 15 years, and at various poriods coiumandod the steamors Ferret, Albany, Bullarrm Marloo, and Innamincka. With tho ex ception of the accident under notice, Captain Anthon has a clean record, and has been very popular among passengers. To-morrow (Centenary Day), tbo busi ness places at Latrobo will be closed, but they will remain open on the following day. The heavily-timbered bush on King's Island caught alight during the hot weather, and the flames spread through a good deal of country. When the s.s. Yolla left for Strahan on Tuesday the fires were still raging, but up till then little or no damage had been dune to the fences. During last year 538 head of fat cattle were brought from King's Island to the mainland, and for the same period 829 store cattle, 12 horses, an 605 sheep were landed. Up to the end of last week 151 head of store cattle have been landed on the island, and 105 "fats" brought to the mainland. Acting on the recommendation of the Northern inspector of roads, the Government are making provision to construct a road from the south to the north end of King's Island. Twenty-five men have been engaged for this and other works, and they are to be convoyed to the settlement by the s.s. Yolla, leaving Launceston probably on Monday. Messrs Laurie & Watson (proprietors of "The Border Watch"), Mount Gambier, send us a copy of their book almanac for the current year. Beyond the usual information of an almanac, tho publica. ttun, referred to is really a visitors' guido to that portion of South Austmlin, and contains, bosides copious: Icittorpress in-, formation of valuo to tourists andofchors, several woilexecutoit ilhistrarions of. in teresting spots in tho locality. ' Mr H. A. Stophcnsoin informs uh that a slight orror crept into tho statement of FuikIb in connection - with tho r. Mersey Regatta on New Yc-ar's Day published iu our last issue. -Ho has since discovered, on tlio bank book boiug inmlo up, tlmt £6 Cs, sale of booths, was omitted,' aud this amount now brings tho credit balance to £15 6s. Deducting tho £6 6s honorarium to tho secretary, this loaves tho total funds at £9. .'A salesman at one of thu Latrobo bum- .ness places was arrested by Sub-inspector Collett yesterday on a chuto of stealing: somo underclothing, and will bo brought before tho local Bonoh tn-day. . Lovers of high-class music will hail with delight the fact that Miss Amy Sherwin has decided to give a concert at West Devonport on Saturday evening, a telegram to this effect having been received from Miss Sherwin's manager yesterday morning. Mr G. Atkinson will hold Ms fortnightly stock sale at his Latrobo yards to-morrow wook. ) . ' > ' i 1 ' 1 