CAN WE FORGET ? . ? w Mattijew Arnold, in one of his iessays, inquires how it has come about that the Irish consider themselves a distinct nation, while no such claims are made by Scotland, Wales, Corn wall, Brittany, and Provence. Scot land, 'Wales, and Cornwall are, he says, really blended in national feeling with England and Brittany, and Provence with the rest of France. ' It is,' he' adds, ' a ground of insecurity to us, and a cause of mortification and humiliation that we have so completely failed to attach Ireland. I remember when I was visiting schools in Alsace, twenty years ago, I noticed a number of points in which questions of langu age and religion seemed to me to raise irritation against the French Govern ment, and to call forth in the people of Alsace the sense of their separate nationality. Yet all such irritating points were smoothed down by the power of a common national feeling with France ; and we all know, how deeply German and Protestant Alsace regretted, and still regrets, the loss of her connection with France* Celtic and Catholic. Undoubtedly. this does great honour to French civilisation, and to its attractive forces. We, on the other hand, Germanic and Pro testant England, have utterly failed to attach Celtic and Catholic Ireland, although our language prevails there, and although we have no great counter nationality on the borders of Ireland to compete with us for the possession of her affections, as the French had Ger many on the borders of Alsace.' Here, indeed, is a pretty problem, propounded by . a sober-minded, non party Englishman. ' The answer that England holds Ireland by means of con quest and confiscation is 'not enough.. Almost all settled countries have undergone conquest and confiscation. The seizure of Strasburg by France is an event belonging to modern history. It was a violent and scandalous act, but it has long ceased to stir resent ment in a single Alsatian bosom. On the other 'hand, the English conquest of Ireland took place little more than a century after tho Norman conquest of England. The Irish people have never since settled pown. The con quest had to be renewed again and again, and up to the present hour England has failed to win the hearts of Irishmen. ? ? '. ' English statesmen are only now be ginning to discover the secret. Cer tainly it was proclaimed by Edmund Burke, Dean Swift and others, but the English people disbelieve every story that hurts their vanity. General wellbeing is one of the chief causes which make things after a conquest settle peaceably down, which make property secure, and blend the con quered people into one nation with the conquerors. Now, if we consult the testimonies from Elizabeth's reign down to to-day, we find only unrelieved misery in our mother land. Tho poet Spencer has' left us this picture, as the result of English Government in Ire land : ' ' ? ' Out of every oorner of the wood« and glen a they (the Irish) come creep ing forth upon their hands, for their legs ooiild not bear them ; they looked like anatomies of death, they spoke like ghosts crying out of1 their graves ; they did eat the dead carrions, happy when they could find them. . , , , ,, and if they found a plot of watercresses or shamrocks there they flocked as to a feast for the time.' One hundred and, forty years later Swift Jescribed with a terrible hand, ' the miserable dress and diet of the people, the general desolation in most parts of the kingdom.' Cablegrams which, have reached Australia during the past few days indicate that Swift's words would describe the condition of Ireland to- da}r. Matthew Arnold, following the ex ample of Edmund, Burke, had the courage to trace this misery to politics, to English injustice. Pie asked his fellow- countrymen to forcswpa1' self delusion and make-believe, npt be pedants, but to see things as they really are. He gives them Burke as a guide and philosopher, whom they can trust. He adds : 'Burke, it seems to me, is the greatest of En&'h'sh statesmen. Compared with him, Fox is a brilliant and generous schoolb°y- and Pitt is a schoolboy with a gift for direction and government.' Burke never ceased to condemn England's treatment of Ireland. Down to the end of- his life, he declared that Eng land is wholly responsible, by her mis management and injustice, for Irish misery and discontent. ' I am of the same opinion,' he wrote shortly before his death in 179-7, 'to my last breath, which I entertained when my faculties were at the best.' The English jus tified their conduct by maintaining .that they found the Irish heretics and idolaters. Burke replied : ' We have, by way of improving their condition, rendered them slaves and beggars ; they remain in all the misfortune of the old errors, and all the superadfled misery of their recent punishment.' The 'Penal Code itself,' he said, ' even the laws of that unparalleled code of oppression, were manifestly the effects of England's national hatred and scorn towards a conquered people, whom the victors delighted °to trample upon.' And because the natives were Irish and Papists, ' their complaints were received only with contempt and indignation in England.' He recommended England to apply healing measures, and he reminded them of the necessity to earn the for giveness of the people. 'The lands of Ireland,' he said, ' were put up to a mean and scandalous auction in every goldsmith's shop in London, or chopped to pieces and cut into, rations to pay the soldiery of Cromwell.' ^ But wjhen Burke spoke on Irish affairs, England closed her ears. ' Burke/himself, as I have said,' writes Matthew Arnold, ' on this question of Ireland, which he had so made his own ; Burke at the height of his fame, when men went. to consult him as an ' oracle of God ' ; Burke himself detached from * party and class, had no influence in Irish matters, could effect nothing.' His influence, however, did not die with him in 1797. His services to the Irish, people are imperishable. 'Burke,' says John Morley, in his admirable ' Life,' ' will be more fre quently and more seriously referred to within the next twenty years, than he has been within the whole of tlie last eighty.' His centenary is now being celebrated in Ireland and America ; are we. going to forget it in Aus tralia? ' 