Til FEI 8F mdlJ CHAPTER I. A LITTLE ISEP SHOE. , . It -was very quiet in the dark- toned study at ' Farneleigh.' Tho afternoon sun melting from yellow to a brassy splendour, dripped golden drops through the great elm trees out side the long windows, and made a flickering network at the feet of the only occupant of the silent room. This was the mistress of the old manor, lvi.iBB /A_uuy its »ne w»a generally umiuu. She was a dainty, fussy, lovable woman, as old-fashioned in her views as the capstrings on. her shoulders, the cameo brooch at her throat, the knitted silk mitts tipon her frail, white hands. Generally, Miss Abby's interests lay in the province of her tenants' claims, lier foreign missionary work, her church duties, but to-day some other feelings dominated hor, and her s- equilibrium was decidedly shaken. Beside hor was a cedai'-wood chest, which she had unlocked that day for the first time m years. Hor arm was nung across the open lid, where a strange medley of treasures was disclosed — a boy's clothes, a boy's ' fishing rods, whips and guns, a boy's books, heaps of letters which looked as if they had at some distant timo been destroyed in passion, rem nants of torn photographs. But, strangest of all, she held in her quiver ing palm, a little red shoe, worn at the toes aud heels, which once had covered a baby's foot. She had looked on the other reminders of a sad past without giving way to love and re gret filling her gentle heart. But this little shoe — tliw little red shoe worn by hor younger brother in babyhood — how cruelly it brought back other happy days, before the name of Farneleigh had been touched by the shadow of disgrace, long before the wearer of the tiny thing had crushed tUe hearts which loved liim. ' Dick — dear Dick,' came softly from her lips, a difficult sob following, ' if only the past had not been, and you were with mo now to take the old place after I am gone ! But vnn n.rp. rlfiarl with 11 ir* In i'ti f nf n snRnfififnd murder upon your name, though I could never agree with father, and bring myself to believe I you committed it, and so I told him as he | died. Ah, Dick, dead in a foreign land, un mourned and forgotten by all but me. Oh, to Lave you back, to roll np timo like a scroll, be myself a young girl again, and see yon, a ; child, kicking your passionate little foot in this tiny shoe.' Sho picked up a letter received that very day, bearing a foreign post- mark, smoothed it out, and once more read tho words written their in her brother's firm, familiar hand. 'Richard Farneleigh dies to-day. If you liavo any tenderness for his memory search for his daughter Madge. She is somewhere in New York.' What did these words mean ? After these l.orl 1,„ louf oolf- ? murder in despair? They admitted of no other interpretation. She crushed the paper with a guesture typifying the most cruel bitterness of spirit, . : lier head drooped and tears rained down her checks. For a time nothing was heard save the brush of tho boughs in the breeze and the ticking of the tall clock beside the wood fire. The silence was disturbed by a knock on the door. Miss Abby was roused from her reverie of the past and brought into the living present. She threw the reminders of her brother into the chest, and shut it sharply, trying to banish from her eyes tho emotion which the sight 01 mem naa awaKenea m ner. . In answer to the summons to enter, the cloor was thrown open and a young man of about twenty-five, in riding clothes, came in. He brought with liim an atmosphere of glow ing health, the suggestion of having had a liard ride in ihe bracing autumn wind, and of . ' liaving enjoyed it. There was a cool colour on his cheeks, a brilliant light in his slate grey oyes. Miss Abby's face brightened at sight of him. ' Ah, it's you, Ivan. An afternoon visit, from you is something I seldom get, isn't it ? I'm right glad to see you.' ' Not any moro than I am to be here, Miss Abbey,' Ivan answered. ' I don't get about much in the daytime, but to-day I was riding past, ,and couldn't resist coming in for a chat. By Jove, I'm glad I did now,' lie added, with a laugh, as the study door softly opened and au old negro servant entered with five o'clock tea. ' That certaiuly does look appetizing.' ' Yes, I lovo my tea and toasted crumpets,' the old lady said. 'Joshua, put on another log, bring lights and draw the curtains. ' There that will do and the servant departed as noiseless as he came. ' I love to como here and chat with you,' aaid Ivan, as ho took a shell-like cup from Miss Abby's aristocratic fingers. Then ho added, impulsively: 'But come, now, you may ns well tell me what's troubling you. I saw as soon an 1 camc in that you were worried about something.' Miss Abby looked at Ivan wistfully. '.For tho past three years, ever since Ivan Ti'eut's return from college abroad, a warm friendship had sprung up between him and the inmates of 'Farneleigh.' The lato master, whoso death of a year before was signified in Miss Abby's dull silk gown and crepe cuffs, bad welcomed him just as she did to-day. On this late autumn afternoon, as they sat in tho cozy study with its blazing fire, some thing stirred in Miss Abby's heart, which urged hor to tell Ivan for tho first time some thing of tho momories troubling hor — some- thing of the fateful Christmas night, fifteen years before. 'Ivan,' she said, with sudden abruptness, ' rc-awakcned momory like a a ghost walks by my sido to-night. I'll tell you about it. It may do mo good.' Ivan drew his chair closer, and, letting his broad shoulders rest easily, ho sat with hands clasped before him in an attitude of close attention. 'You have heard from outsiders the story of the Christinas mystery of fifteen yeaTS ago. But let me tell it to you as I remember it, and tbe sequel which came to me to-day. Nine teen years ago,' she murmered, softly gazing at the leaping fire, 'Richard — handsome Dick Farneleigh — married one of the fairest girls in all tho country about here. She was called ' the belle of Maryland.' Beautiful Alice Marey ! I can see her now a« she looked the night of her marriage. She was so lovely, i and onlv seventeen years old.' She went to a Chippendale desk in the corner, took from it a miniature set in diamonds, and, gazing at the pictured face, continued in a monotone : ' They were happy together for a short time. Dick was devoted to his wife and the little baby, Madge. But at last he began to show traces of the terrible jealous taint which, in occasional generations, has burned in the blood of the Farneleighs. He was jealous of everybody, his love for his wife was an insan ity, and she could not be ordinarily civil to a j man without having it lead to a violent quarrel, j He was absurdly jealous of Felix Lancoe — ' ' Yes, I heard so,' interrupted Ivan ; 'Lancoe, the recluse of 'The Crest' — ' ' He withdrew from the world shortly after Alice disappeared. He lives among his books and dogs, going for lonely walks and occupying only one wing of his spacious ? W.,11 oc T -mac orrlryrr ' Miao Abbey continued, ' Dick was madly jealous of him, and on the Christmas night when ' Farneleigh' was ablazo with its yearly ball, the most terrible quarrel of all occurred, with Lancoe as its cause, though I have always be lieved him innocent of any intention of flirting with Alice. It was all Dick's jeal nnRF.' Her face grew sadder, and her voice trembled. ' That, night, fifteen years ago, Dick's wife disappeared as though the ground had swallowed her. Sho was never seen after a quarrel with him — never seen again. Oh, that night — that awful, awful night!' ' I shouldn't have led you to speak of it,' Ivan said, regretfully. But MisB Abby did not seem to hear him. ' Ah, Dick, wliy did you run away when suspicion began to point to you ? Why didn't you stay here and face it like a man, if you were innocent ? That is the thorn in my heart, which I can't pluck out. Why did you steal away like a thief in the night with your child, never to be heard from again, until to day — to day ?' ' To-day ?' said Ivan in surprise. Miss Abby handed him the foreign letter, and he read there the words of final farewell from the exile in Paris. ' He is dead in that distant land, and his daughter is alive, somewhere in New York ? He left her there P Strange,' muttered Ivan. With a deep sigh Miss Abby held out to him tho miniature she had been gazing at. ' This is Alice's picture.' She did not see the amazement intensify in his eyes as ho took in every detail of feature and coloring. ' Ivan Trent had seen the counterpart of that face only two weeks before. He was in New York thon, and in a down town street had saved a young girl from peril among a maze of vehicles. She had been carefully but poorly dressed, and her face, rarely lovely and appealing, was a fac-simile of this, smiling at him from the old miniature. As he gazed as if transfixed into the blue, laughing eyes, he felt a revelation, thrill him fiercely. ' The girl I rescued is this woman's child, TV/Tftrlrrft 1 *vinr»fciivn nrl in fllA Iftff.Ar. But I'll keep my counsel, and be sure before I speak.' There was a new light ia his face as he looked at Miss Abby. ' You loved her ?' he asked handing back the miniature. ' Dearly,' she answered, ' and she is dead.' ' Why did you never try find your brother?' ' Father was bitter to him ; his name was never mentioned hero after he fled. After father's death, I made the lawyers try to learn something of him, but their work w*\s useless.' ' Will you try to find his child ?' Ivan asked eagerly. ' Of course,' and Miss Abby looked almost young again in her animation, as she fluttered her cap strings. 'When I received this mes sage from Dick to-day I at once arranged to havo a personal appear'in the chief papers of New York to-morrow, Ah,' she added dreamily, ' I'd love so to see Dick's child. How I would adore her !' Half an hour later Ivan Trent was riding at a good gait toward 'Maryfield,' the big mansion on the hill, which he called home. A smile lingered around his lips and the spirit of adventure was strong in him, while his heart was just touched by a thrill as the memory of a girl's beautiful face sprang to clearer life in his brain. 'If I don't find this future mistress of ' Farneleigh,' it will be my first failure when I have set my heart and hand to a task,' he mused. ' I'll be able to get away in a week or so, and if the personal doesn't find hor — I will.' CHAPTER II. ; MADGE. It was a gloomy day. Tho rain came down iu a sluggish drizzle, the sky was liko a leaden cover, and mud clung to everything. ' A drab day. Ugh ! What blue horrors I have this morning !' aud with these words Madge Baldwin brushed aside the rag of curtain that hung limply over tho basement window. Tho room wbero sho stood was as cheerless as a fireless stove and seven o'clock gray light could make it, while before her stretched the task of getting breakfast before sho could set out for a long day's work as teacher to BCvouty small children iu a charity school, in ono of the poorest neighbourhoods in Now York. No wonder Madge's face was as resigned as if soveuty years had touched it instead of cigliteon. As sho knelt before the stove aud sot tlio kindlings ablaze, tho forked fiamo illumined her slender form and bent head, showing tho porcelain fairness of her f-kin, the cornflower blue of her oyes under thick, dark lashes, tho the gloss on the brown hair brushed softly back from her childish brow. Her face was beautiful and sad. ' I wonder if this sort ot life is going to last forover?'* she thought, bending over the crackling fire. As sho looked into tho flames glittering between tho bars, she let her mind wander back over tho desolate years. Sho had alwayB instinctively, even in those distant days when thoy were better off, felt herself different from the woman who had adopted her — had felt no sympathy with the woman's imperious daughter. Then came poverty and a life with this woman and girl whom she felt only to bo hor masters — her foes'. ' For eight long years, since we became so miserably poor, I have been like their servant I and I'm getting tired of it. Why should I be sent out to work, when Marcia makes iii/uiu rnuru uieLLL 1 1 piui uiiuw ui imrmng ner living by fancy sowing at home ? Why should I have to get up first, make the fire, get breakfast ready and fetch and carry for them before I begin that long, wearing day in that dreadful school, with the vagrant children my life is passed among?' For a moment she covered her eyes with her fingers, and the tears trickled down her cheeks. ' But what's the use of acting this way ?' I she said, as she startedup and took the coffee pot from tho shelf. 'Repining will do no good. But I've made up my mind — and — and some day — as soon as I can, — Madge Baldwin will run away from this to some thing better.' A sharp knock sounded on the basement window. It was raised and the morning paper thrown in, a shower of cold drops accompanying it. Madgo picked 'up the newspaper mechani cally, put it on a tray together with two plates, two cups and saucers, and finished preparing the breakfast of rolls, warmed-over mutton, and coffee. When it was ready she placed enough for two on the tray and carried it upstairs. ' I wonder how much longer she's going to play invalid, and have her darling daughter breakfast in the room with her! I'll have hardly time to snatch a bite myself and run, if I'm to be early at school,' she thought, her heart protesting against the injustice. ' Come in, and about time !' said a hard voice, as Madge knocked. ' I'm just dying for a cup of coffee. For Heaven's sake, Madge what's kept you so long ?' ' Well, you know, the fire had to bo made, so had the coffee, and the meat had to be warmed — all of which takes time, if you stop to think about it,' said Madge, coldly, pro voked by the woman's contemptuous tone and glance. Mrs. Baldwin Bat up in bed. She was not a pretty sight in her red morning robe, her gray hair a forbidding array of curl papers. ' I don't want any more of your impu dence this morning,' she said, angrily. ' Call Marcia. She's just gone into your room to find the book you were reading so long last night.' ' Well, she won't find it, and I think it would be just as well if Marcia came and ate her breakfast as long as it was brought to her, without being called to it.' ' I'll box your ears for your impudence,' Mrs. Baldwin said, in shrill tones. ' Do you forget your position in this house — eh, do you ?' ' I'm hardly likely to,' Madge said, dis tinctly. ' Oh, I know what you mean. You : want me to feel my dependence, and be pro perly meek and submissive. Listen, then, to my view of my position here. The money I earn at the school, as you know, more than sup ports myself. I am a burden to no one, and my money helps eke out our existence, as you must admit. As for Marcia's sewing, you know very well it is little moro than a farce.' 'But what about the years when you earned ? nothing — when you were a child and received food and shelter from me — what of them ?' asked Mrs. Baldwin, her eyes^fiashing. ' I thank you for that,' said Madge, calmly and with dignity, ' though as you must realize, I worked like a little drudge about the house after school hours, when I was nothing but a child. No, I don't feel that I've been a bur den to you — not at all,' and her soft tones were unwavering, as she went from the room. It was a relief to her overcharged heart to speak out this once, and she returned to the casement, ner eyes stormy at tue memory or her wrongs. But as she went through the drizzling rain to the street car, and then along the miserable by-ways to the charity school, the resentful light died out of her face, the curved mouth became softer, and she was her own sunny self once more. Crossing a street but a little way from her destination, she looked around, and the momory of a recent adventure recurred to her. 'What a silly girl I am !' she mused. ' I can't pass this place without the memory of that brave fellow who helped me coming up in my mind. He was so handsome and strong, and I was like a little child in his arms as he carried me to safety from those terrible liorses — just here.' She gave a quick little sigh and hurried on. A moment later the grimy walis of the school hid hor from view. When Madge loft her adopted mother after that impulsive outburst for independence, Mrs. Baldwin looked after her with eyes that were both spiteful and 'angry. ' Sometimes — sometimes, I fairly hate that girl !' she muttered. ' I hate her now !' She settled herself among the pillows, and, while waiting for Marcia to como to her break fast, turned to tho morning paper and unfolded the damp sheets. As her eyes wandered over tho printed page, they wero suddenly caught and held by a name in large, black print — a name that struck her vision sharply. 'Farneleigh!' she whispered. 'Farne- leigh — that namo after all these years !' (To he continued.') 