LAW REPORT. I TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 13. BANCO COURT. (Before the Chief Justice and a common jury of 12.) THE LOSS OF THE ATACAMA. ACTION FOR ALLEGED LIBEL. £2000 DAMAGES CLAIMED. Cowlishaw v. M'Leod (part heard1). Mr Pilcher, Q C , and Mr Gannon, instructed by Messrs Sly and Russell, appearee for the plaintiff and the Attorney-General (Mr J H Want Q C ) and Mr Wise, instructed by Messrs Laurence and M'Lachlau for the defendant. This was an action brought by Mahlon Clark Cowlishaw, of the firm of Cowlishaw Brothers of Sydney, merchants and shipowners, against William M'Leod, printer and publisher of the "Bulletin," to recover £2000 damages for an alleged libel published in the issue, of the Journal named on March 26 last The evidence on behalf of the defendant was resumed. Edgar Deering (being further cross-examined bv Mr Pilcher) said that during the first fortnight that he was working at the vessel at White's Wharf there was no pumping. At tho end of that time the water was over the floor. There were about 3ft. of copper showing above the water, certainly not 10ft. He caulked all the rants that he saw. He remembered a man named Brown calling. Young's attention, in witness's presence, to the bad timber. When witness was working at the timber under the stern he said to Young, pointing to a piece of timber, "That is very bad, is it not P" andYoung said, ' Yes we must take that piece out," and that was done. Q. You say that when you finished your work it was all right P-A "Sort of right". Q What dov ou moan bv " a eort of righ*-" P A It was not a pood job to put m pieces of tim- ber instead of fastening planks right nctoss Q Then, what you object to is thsir putting in pie « of timber P-A . cs Q Do you happen to know that before you went to the ship at all the vessol baa been examined bv surveyors at Garden Island ?-A Yo« , I know that Q Da you know that they saw all the knees under the 'tween decks P-A Yes, I understood so Witness (continuing) said that all the knee under the 'tween decks ougnt to have been token out With a proper number of hands it would have taken a week or a fortnight to put new knees undor the 'tween decks The knees were brought up ngainst the celling The effect of the knees being bro-ou indicated that thoy were made fait to good wood Q Do you acree with this statement, that if the ship had been stripped and caulked she would be seaworthy -A Ni, she would have to be fastened as well Q Assuming that what was done on the top sides of the vessel was properly done, ani if the bottom ot the vessel had been stripped and caulked, would the bave been scawoithj f-A _he would havo boeu all right until she got into bad weather, and then she would be like a basket She would not bo sea« orthy without refaateniiig the bull She was a badly built vessel, one of the rummieet vessols I ever saw Q Then in your opinion she nasa badly built vessel0-A Yes Q Aud you said last night that after the "silvers" wore put in be tv. ecu the iron knocB and the timber, aud also between tho laminations of the knees themselves, they wore painted and red leaded and mode to look solid "-A Yes Q And you said that »as dishonest work and a swindle P-A Yes, but I simply did what I was told to do Re examined by Mr Want The Atacama hod very broad planking and it ran out in buttocks, and then they worked in like the end of a shutter, and the cn 1 was wrong Q Mr Pilchor naked j on whothor if the Ma- corna had been stripped and caulked eho tv lulil havo beou seaworthy, and you said she would not be seaworthy without refnstoning P-A Yis Q Had the fastenings which were done ou the top sides nny effect in strengthening the bottom at all a -A No it would help to tear the bottom Q So that tho moro solid you made tho top part of the ship it would uot hive the effect of improviug the bottom if it was 1 ad P-A Not the slightest Joseph Munro, shipwright, of 14 yaws'exi eri ence, and employed mostly at Mort . Jubileo Dock, examined by Mr Want, said that be worked at the Atacama when she was at the wharf, and looked after the knees borno of the timber was good and some waa bad, and as far as ho saw it would have been necessary to take out nil the knees to mako tho vessel all right He did nat seo the bottom, but from the look of her ho thought sha required to co into dock to hive something done to the bottom -he copper above water was wrinkled There wts a good bit of water in her, and his mate in order to work ut the throat of one of tho kneos had to erect a platform in order to keep out of the water Ihn water was about lim above the ceiling of the floor He could sea that Dumping was continually going on Mr Robert Young saw him driving some of the bolts. He got instructions from Mr Young about the wedges or wooden " slivern " He with- drew the other men and told witness to go down with his mate, and said that he loft the job to him to go and wedge all the backs of the knees and make everything good The knees had left the ship's sides in some cases, and he had also to drive " silvers " between the knees and the calling and bring thom back to the wood. Q What did that do J-A It fillod up the vacancy Q Did it strengthen the ship ?-A Oh, not a bit Q What did you do after that was finished P-A We covered it over with a sort of mixture of putty Some of the knees were Uko waggon springs, and m some cases " slivers " were put in between the lamina- tions where necessary (J What v\ as the effect of covering the silvers m tho way you have described P-A It looked all right at a distnuco Q Solid, I suppose ?- A Ob, yes, as long as yon did not come too close Q You say you also put silvers in between the knees where they were too open ?-A Yes Q What would happen to the silvers when the vessel began to work at sea P-A When she began to strain and wore the silvers would bo amongst the canis They were bound to como out again Q Just tell us what Mr Young tola you about this -A Ho called mo up to the main hatch and said to mo, " I want you and vour mate to finish the job I want you to mako everything solid fix up when- ever there is a v acancy, and give them a lick of red lead The surveyors aro coming to have a look at hor " Q And when vou left them did you leave them in that condition looking all right P-A I did Q What vou did made it look nice, I suppose, bat was it much good to the ship P-A Nose what- ever Witness, continuing, Bald he could tell the vessel had been straining heavily from the appearance of her copper He remembered his mate euoberg ask- ing Mr Young whether he was going to strip the vessel, and Youno; ropltcd, " I would like to strip her, bat I am afraid they will not let me " Q Taking the vessel all through, was she fit to go to sea with a crow P-A I would net have gone to sea in her Cross-examined by Mr Pilcher Q Then accord- ing to you, " slivers," instead of being a source of strength to the ship, would be a snurte of danger to the ship P-A Yes Q Aui if sbo got into heavy weather the chances wera that tho ship would go to the bottom, and the crew would hav o boon lost P -A I will not say that. There oro several ways for a mau to savo his life Q Did you not lu your evidence mean to convey to the jury that what you were asked to do was Bomething which the surveyors would not detect P A Certoiuly I waa told to do the work Q And though you knew that the silvers would be no Bource of strength, but of weakness, to tho ship, you were willing to do the work at Young s dictation P-A I will not swear trat they were a source of weafcuesa to the ship When I put the slivete in I did not put them in to wreck the ship, but simply obeyed my instructions Q. Di you mean to say that if Mr Young had told you to bore a hole in the vessel's bottom you would have dono it P- A No Q Ii you were at sea in the vessel and Young asked you to knock a hole in her bottom, would you do¡t?-A No _ , _ Q Would an honest shipwright put ia bad work of that sort by order of his master, when he knew it might have been the death-blow to the vessel, and that he was a party to a gross fraud P-I had got to do it or pick up my tools Q. You knew you were taking port in a gross fraud °-A I know nothing about it I had to do what I was told Q Did you not know you wore taking patt in a groBB fraud P-A No Q Although you knew it might be the death-blow to the ship when she got into a heavy sea The Chief Justice I diet not understand the witness to tay it would be a death-blow to the ship. I understood him to say that it would give no strength to the ship ... Mr Pilcher I asked hun particularly whether be did not say that the slivers would fall into the coal if the vessel got into bad weather Witness I said " Yes." Mr Pilcher I asked, " Did you not know it would load to great danger if she got into heavy weatherP" and you said, "_es" Then I asked him, " Might it not lead to loss of lifeP" and ho said, " Thora aro several wavs of a nun's saving his life." Witness But I did not say it would be a reason for losing the ship Mn Pilcher well would the slivers falling ont be any danger to the ship P-It would canse the frame of the vessel to work backwards and forward«, the «ame as she did before ^ Q It would all come adrift as it did before P-A Q Would it be a danger t J the ship P-A. I would n Q Would it not be likely to wreck the «bip P-A I would not say ... Q Wonld you consider it a serious danger to the sbip to have oil her knees adrift -A I would not '"I, Is that all the answer you w-l give me ?-A Yes Q Now did you not also me_n this that Young withdrew the rest of the men from working on the kneos so that there would be only you and Young in the secret P-A. No. There was BO aeeieoy be- tween Young and me Q> Did you not say that he withdrew au but youP-A Yei, because he had another job for Q Than yon did not mean that he withdraw them to M to keep the knowledge of this matter between him and yo» f-A. No Q. Do you happen to know that before yon put in any IUT«M the surveyors iiispected all the kMet and ?w "¡¡í* «onditloti they were in ?-A I heard they did That was down at Garden Island Witness (continuing) said he did not know how of ten the surveyors were down at the wharf After tho vi aterways wero in they pumped tile vessel He cover reported to Young about the wood being bad It » as not his duty todo so Ho would not say wLothcr the bolts hold proporly or not He might ha\o Bald at the Marine Board, "Every bolt I drove in tile ship held Some drove Arm and some Black I drove one bolt which did not go into the hole I wanted it to because the wood was »oft bo far as I could form an opinion all the other bolls held proporlj That particular bolt was afterwards rectified " He did not say in answer to Dr Sly that ho did not find a rotten boro in the ship He did not Bay, that he rememborod, that he did not think auy o£ the bolts ho droto wore so bad that tlioy ought to have beon roportoti Ho did not think the fact of tho stivers falling oat with heavy weather would be a source of dnngor to the ship Q I asked whether if these slivers slipped out in hoav> weather itwculdbe asourcoof dancer, and you said it would V-A I did not mean it if I did Witness (continuing) ssjil 11 o slivers were good enough for what they «ere intended for Ihe work of repairing the knees was thoroughly done as far as he was concerned Ihewoikhe was instructed to do was done as well as any mechanio coul i do it, mi I with reference to the old knees the work oonld i hu\ o been done bettor unless the knees wore taken out He ne\er saw the ship m dook Alexander Sioheie, (examined by Mr Wiso) Bald he had been a shipwright for ¡l joars. and »oiked nt tho Atacama at Wlnto'B %\ harf Ho gavo evi dence conoborative of the previous wituoss as to the condition of tho timber signs of straining, and the amount of water in the hold before pumping comincneod On ouo occasion ho said to Mr Young son, "I suppose vou are going to strip tho vessel when she (,oes into dock after we finish with herP' and Young said, ' I would like to seo her Btnpped, but I do not think they will let mo " Witness rcoived instructions from kouug to drive the wooden v. odges or silvers betvreeu the knees and out ti otu off close to tho ship s skin and thon paiut them over Ho did not think it was a workmaulike tiling to do, and would not strengthen the vessel Cross examined by Mr Pilcher The silvers were of no uso at all, anil ouly served to fill up the space between the 1 noes and the frame of tho ship Ihey would he lil ely to aron out when the ship starte 1 working if am, and would bo no improve- ment oxcepl for ropaira Ihe knees to be a real strength to the ship ought t«v fit closely to the skin If the slivers fell out it would not injure the ship 1 he kuees ought to bo plumb up to the side jf the ship nil tho way, and} ou could not drive silvers in as solid as the s de of the ship Q You know that putting lu ths " silvers ' and pan ting them ovor waa to deceive the surveyors f A Yes because I was told so by my fo-eman, Mr Young Q Did ho tell you that?-A Yes Q lo deceive the surveyors ?-A He did not use that word Q What then P-A He told me to go down and do this work, and he Eau!, " rho surveyors will be over go and paint it so that it will look decent and nice " Q So that you knew you were doing something to decoive the surveyors P-A Certainly, I knots that Q And still vou did it P-A A good man doos as he is tnld (Laughter ) Q Icon, if you were told to go down and bore a hole in tho ship while at sea j ou would, as a good man, do it ?-A fco , that would injure tho s) ip Q Anti silvers would not in)uro tho ship P-A Tbey did neither good nor hann Q Then why the soc-ooy about it P W hy conceal it from tho surveyors i-A Mr Young will answer that, perhaps Walter Hecks, naval architect and surveyor, gave an epitome of the life of the Atacama as entored in " Lloyd's Register " since sho waa built in 1875 Tho ontry in < Lloyd's Rogtster " of 18D2 1893 was " Atacama condemned, 4th month 18J0 nowsnilnL, " That me mt ti at she w as sailli g nt her own risk, and net under any authority from Lloyd's Since 18011 thora wits no indication of any survey or of the con- demnation having been token off, and according to Lloyd's she was a condemned ship from 1890 up to tho date she foundered Mr Pilcher bupposo a vessel which is condemned aud is thoioughlv repaired und made a botter ship thau sho was before, but »as not su \oyed bv Lloyd s surveyors sho nould not appear in Llojrt B Register in any class °-A \ ce that is so Q So that the fact that of the vessel not ap pcrning in Lloyd's Register with tho condemnation removed provos nothing oxcept that she was not subsequently surveyed under Lloyd's surveyors and the \ easel tnuy bavo boon thoroughly repaired since -A Yea, it is within the bounds of possibility, hut not probability because if a person had a vessol suQicieiitlv good to class at Lloyd's ho would class it llie*o rogisters nero the shipping authorities of tho world Mr Young is a first-class shipwright. Air Want li he had a free hand, and is not limited to as expense ?- A I do not know about that. I know he is a good practical shipw light William Owen Healy, stevedore, said that just before the Atacama was sold ho went ou board her at Garden Island, under instruction from his manager to see whether she was worth buying as a coal hulk for Sydney Harbour He found upon touting with a rod m the inside planking that the timber was unsound, and she also appeared to be " hogged " a bit The scams had opened, and much of the oaknm was out Bo pierced tnrough the seams of the inside planking on to the frame From what he saw he came to the conclusion that ehe was not fit for a coal bulk Charles Lamond, a shipwright, of 24 years ex- perience, said he worked on the Atacama at White's Wharf, in the 'tween decks, topsides, and bends 1 he cores he took out of tho timber bonus;» were spongy, and the wrinkled copper showed that the vossel bad been »trained Young made a re- mark in bis presence that ho would like to strip tho ves el if he were allowed to do so the was slightly hog"ed, and ho did not think she was fit to go to sea without being stripped Paul Kruger, Beaman, gave evidence that he shipped ou boord the Atacama for tho voyage to San Francisco but did not sign articles He assisted iu numpuig the vessel before she went into dock, and after she went to Gaideu Island From the examination he made of hei ha did not think she wes fit to go outside the Heads, and he therefore throw up his billet UB one of tho crow Thomas Donaldson, shipwright and second over- seer of Mort s Jubilee Dock, said that when the AU cama arrived bo went with Captain Vino Hall Cap tam Grainger, and Mr Pollock, on board the vessel at Garden Island and made an examination of the hull In the fore part of tho forertgging the oakum had spewed out from five or six seams for a distance of about 20ft It appeared to bim that the planks had started Ho made about eight boret, ana iu seven of them ho lound the wood dieu) en II o apron of the chip was bad below tho 'tween decks for ¿ft or 3ft. as far as be could mensuro it The iron breast hook was slack, aud the tronaiut wore also slack Oao of the khees was broken in the throat in the lower hold, and others wero slack throughout 1 ho top sides wero also loose Ho saw the vessol a second tinto afterwards, aud from his inspection he carno to the conclusion that she was done It would ortlv ha\o beon hoiving iionoy anny to repair her It would be noccssoiyto strip tho ship) and thoroughly overhaul her before > ou could see what was wanted, but tho state of the instdo of the ship would give a good idea of what was required If everything necessary was done to the top sides, and the bottom wns not touched, the repairs above would not îucrcuso the stability of tho bottom, and in a soawav the top Bido3 would work away from the bottom of Ihe ship Cross-examined by Mi Pilcher Mr Young wa« a good shipwright, and he was a mon witness would trust, but he (witness) would look after the work as it weut on ne said at the Marino Bo ird lnquuy that he did not seo the vessel after she was rep urod, hut be had occasion to go on board subsequently He also auld that ho had no doubt that what Mr Young had done he had made a thorough job of, and that if ho (witness) bought a Bhip be would trust Young to repair her Ho also »aid at tho Marino Boarofthat Young was on boord all the time, and bad a bettei oppo-tunity of examining bor than he (witness) had, and that Young could form as good an opuuon of timber as any man in Sydney He did not remember saying that he only casually lookod through the Atacama Mr Want called upon tho other side for the plaintiff's books regardiog the Atacama, and they were produced Ihe furthor hearing was then adjourned till 10 a m on the following day (Before Mr Justice Owen and a jury of four) PHOTOGRAPHERS* LIBEL ACTION Blow v George (part heard) This was an action by Mark Blow to recover £2000 damages from Eden George for alleged libel. Mr Bruce Smith and Dr Coghlan, instructed by Mr T Read, appeared for the plaintiff, Mr Garland and Mr Ferguson, instructed by Mr G. E. H. Sanders, for the defendant. Plaintiff, a photographer, carrying on business at the Crown Studios George- street secured the registration of the word ' Rococo," and applied it to a certain class of photo. Defendant, who carries on business at the Eden Photo Studios, published an advertisement which has already been set out, and of which plaintiff alleges as follows - Defendant meamng thereby that plaintiff had falsely and dishonestly stated that the process applied by him in the production of the portrait was a new one, and that he was the Inventor, and had received a patent as such inventor and, further, that the plaintiff's portraits were inartistic and of little value, and that the plaintiff was a photographer of inferior ability, and his advertisements were inserted to cheat and deceive the public, and that he was guilty of dishonest practices in inserting them. Whereby the plaintiff was injured in his credit and reputation as a photographer, and certain persons who had heretofore dealt with the plaintiff in his business ceased to deal with him. The defendant pleaded not guilty. William Rufus George, under further cross examination by Mr Bruce Smith, said he could not name any photographers who used the glazed bromide process more then four years ago. He thought business fell off in winter in the cheaper establishments, although in the better class houses weather made no difference in trade. Permanence in photos was a matter of degree. It depended mainly on the atmosphere. He knew good silver prints which, subjected to atmospheric moist heat, faded in three months. He considered no other processes but autotype and platinotype to be permanent. No adverse conditions would affect the platinotype picture, but the paper itself might díscolour. Charles Kerry, photographer, of George-street, said he had over 16 years' experience. To the best of his judgment the Rooooo photos were turned out by the glazed bromide process, which was not a new process, and was certainly not the property of the plaintiff. He agreed that it was the cheapest and simplest process. It was not used for first-class work. The Rococo process was certainly not artistic nor was it permanent. Witness in cross-examination by Mr Bruce Smith, said he used glazed bromide paper for his cheap work. He did the greatest number of en- largements on rough-coated bromide paper. Did you write a contribution to the " Australasian Photographic Review." in which you denied that Mr Blow introduced flash-lighting into Sydney, but admitted his right to be regarded as the discoverer of the Rococo process? I wrote that for fun. It formed part of a newspaper controversy, and was written in sarcasm for the photography world. Silver printing is more durable than the Rococo process. Witness was shown the two photos, one of which purported to be platinotype and one dull bromide. He said he could not distinguish between them He could not see a "dull dead colour" in them. There was a " dull dead colour" always in the glazed bromide. Any glazed photo was inartistic. He kept a " burnisher," which was a warm roller usedd for giving a polish to certain photos. He bur- nished his silver prints Did you write this letter to Messrs, Baker and Rouse -" We have been getting some very fine results lately from your star paper, and find it ex- tremely useful for enlarging work where no artist's retouching is required, & c?-I did. I re- ferred to cheap work. William Downe Ross, photographer enlarger at the Swiss Studio, said he had 32 years' experience. Mr Garland: Do you know the glazed bromide process? -Unfortunately I do. It is the process to which Mr Blow has given the name Rococo. It is about 12 years old as a process, and I should say that it was not Mr Blow's own production. It was introduced first into England, and is one of the simplest processes known, being practicallv purely mechanical. Mr. Garland: Why do the glazed bromides lack artistic character? -Well, we always aim at making photos resemble engravings, and not the tops of bon-bon boxes. Mr Bruce Smith: You were in the employ of Mr George, the defendant P-Yes I was also in the employment of Mr Blow. You said you were aware " unfortunately " of the existence of the glazed bromide. Why unfor- tunably? -Because of the great amount of labour involved for very little money. How is the first gloss produced on this paper? I do not know. It is a trade secret possessed by the makers in France. Could you tell the difference between a dull bromide and a platinotype? -Yes Witness was handed the two photos which had been put in evidence as a bromide and a platinotype. He put them to his mouth. Hey! What are you doing? -Licking them (Laughter ) What for? - To test them The gelatine sticks. But the public does not do that, does it? -Probably it will after this. Well, what are they "-I am not sure even now, but I think both are bromides. Witness looked at two Rococo photos purporting to have been in a showcase tor three and a half years He said they were ' giving up the ghost," and would not last much longer. He thought they were about two years old Do you call yourself an artist? -Yes, I should say so. My grandfather was the great Sir John Ross. (Laughter ) Oh, then that is proof positive? (Laughter )-But mv work proves that I am an artist. What is inartistic about this photo (handing witness a glazed photo) -It is very inartistic. But in what way, from your grandfather's point of view? (Laughter )-It is as if it were made by a tinsmith (Laughter) It has too much homogeneousness too much closeness of texture There is nothing left to the imagination. Did you ever write art criticisms? -Yes, I have attempted it in England. I will not ask you the result. Why is the glazing inartistic? -Because all our training as artists teaches us it is so. Do you use a burnisher in your establishment? Yes. Do you mean to say that you would descend to put a glaze on your artist's work P- I do, unfor- tunably. The public demand it. We have to use it even for platinotypes because the public taste is so vitiated That closed the case for the defendant. Mr Bruce Smith called Frederick Jenkins, who said he had been a photo- grapher in Mr Blow's employ for 18 mouths. He understood the chemistry of photography. Bro- mide waa a higher form of photography than silver print. A lower form again was the blue process, which was only used for making maps. There were the dull and the glazed kinds of bromide. The paper was plain white paper, chemically pure, coated with a hard surface of gelatine and chloride of barium ( "baryta ") Baryta was not used, as far as he knew, for any other than the glazed bromide process. It gave the paper a gloss and prevented the emulsion sinking in. The emulsion imputed a tint to the paper aud also gave it a higher gloss. He saw the glazed bromide paper used six years ago. It waa then pink in colour. Mr Blow was the first per- son witness saw using the white-tinted paper but he had seen it offered for sale previously. The bromide process, either dull or glazed, required more skill to print and develop than the silver or platinotype did. The operations required great care and skill and experienced persons had to conduct them. Theie was more waste in bromide than in any other process. Bromides would cost twice as much to print and develop as the silver prints. He was often engaged in taking cinematograph photos. He took 1500 pictures of the one object in a minute and a half. What do you say as to the permanence of the glazed bromides? -I think it is more permanent than either platinotype or silver print. The Rococo is not one of the simplest and cheapest processes in photography. It is not more inartistic than other processes and some good firms use it. To Mr Garland: He was not a printer. He could turn out from 60 to 100 glazed bromides in a day. The process was not the one usually adopted by amateurs. Silver printing was more easily learned. Glazed bromide was used for high class artistic work. He had been in business as a photographer for 12 months in New Zealand and three years in Sydney. Mark Blow, the plaintiff, examined by Dr Coghlan, said he had been in business in Sydney for about 10 years .He was apprenticed to photography in England 19 years ago. He was some time in England in the provision business. Glazed bromide paper was introduced into Sydney in 1893, as "Nikko". The present form of the paper came on the market a year later as " Star" paper. He had used practically similar paper a few months previously. Mr Fuller, of George-street, made it for him by treating the baryta paper with a sensitizing emulsion including gelatine, bromide of silver, an- other chemicals, suggested by himself, and accepted by witness. What is the Rococo process? - It is one by which the pictures are printed from the negative, developed fixed, mounted, washed, burnished, aud supplied to tho public. The printing is highly skilled work. Wituess described in detail the whole process of photography under his system. in what particular detail does your mode of using the glazed bromide paper differ from the ordinary ? Well it is my own secret, but if I must tell, I must. We pass the Rococo print through a solution of alum to harden the film. Then it is put under the hot burnisher, which leaves a higher gloss on it without destroying the film. Witness, continuing, said that the silver print- ing process was much simpler than the Rococo. Sensitizing the paper could be done by a boy. Un- mounted silver prints, cost 9d per dozen cabinets and not 3s., as stated by defendant. Glazed bromides cost Is 9d per dozen, and platinotypes cost 2s 2d per dozen unmounted cabinets. He turned out about 200,000 siIver prints and 130,00 Rococos per year. He claimed that the Rococi were more per- manent than platinotypes, chiefly because of the imperviousness of the baryta coating on the paper. The filaments on the portrait were of metallic silver, and consequently the photos were practically per- manent. The Rococo photos produced had been in his showcase for 3 and a half years. The bromide produced, which the experts could not distinguish from the platinotype and which they admitted was artistic, was merely a Rococo unglazed. The glazed bromide paper was used by first-class homes in Sydney and Melbourne. The Court at this stage adjourned. 