A NEIGHBOURLY FEUD. TELL you, Frank, its pot to tlio point whoro norae tbini; must liu > dqne," said Mrs. Burnett, and ns sbo nnoku sho ran peel at the small knuckles that wore moving to wards tho sugar bowl. Morton, aged nine, jerked hih band out of tho way and laughed at his mother, who pursed up her lips to conceal a smile. *f Don't do that, Morton," said Mr. Burnett, Then turning to his wifo ho asked: "What have they been doing now P" ** That boy and some morn of his friends put tin cans along the top of the fence, and then threw stones at them to knock them off. About every stone went over the top of the fence, and went sailiug across our back yard. If one of thorn had struck anybody he wouldn't have known what hurt him." ** What did you do ?*' M What did I do ? I went out and told thpm if they didn't stop I'd send for a police man. I said to thut Deakin boy • it's a shame your mother can't tcach you to be a little better than a ravage.' " u Maybe she didn't know they were doing it." *' I do believe she puts 'em up to it. That boy's esough to try the patience of a saint." " Next time he comes into our yard I'll bet I throw something at bim,"put in Morton, whose chin was dripping with a mild mixture of milk nnd codec. 44 You leavehimalone," said the male parent. " You get into enough fights already." " Well, Frank, those boys are for over pick ing on him," said Mrs. Burnett. 11 Boys are & good deal alike,*' responded her husband. " I'll bet when he gets out he's the same ps Ihe rest of them." Morton grinned and said nothing. The only member of the Burnett family who had not joined in the arraignment of the neigh bourK was Alice, six years of age. fShe knew ull about tho feud, mid shared in the suspicious -of her mother, but at present she was too busy witli her supper. The Deakins lived next door, and although there was a dividing fence it hud not kept the two families apart. In the year during which the two households had dwelt side by side there had been a growing enmity. Yet Mrs. Burnett bad never spoken a word to Mrs. Deakiu, and her husband knew nothing of Mr. Deakin except that he worked with bis hands for a Iiviug and apent a great nuny ot his evenings at home. Jt would have been rather dillicult for either tho Burnetts or the Deakins to explain how the fen:! started, but it was operated from the Drat through tho children. There were two Deakin children, Lawrence or Larry, aged ten, and little Willie, who it the tender age of three had learnt to regard the Burnett tribo with scorn mid hatred, and suffer, to some degiee, under tho indignities heaped upon his family by that arch (lend of juvenility, Morton Burnett. For when the Deakins sat round the supper table and cast up the accounts of the day it was Larry who posed as the persecuted and abused child, while Morton Burnett was pic tured as au infant of dark intents, heading straight for the Bridewell. ° If I was a man, Tom Deakin," said his wife, M I'll warrant you I'd go over to that house f«nd give notice that things are simply going too far. To-day that boy got up on the fence and called Lawrence all kinds of names." " He said that his mother s.iid that ma didn't have clothes lit to wear," suggested Law rence, who had begun to breathe hard during the recital of his grievances. 14 Any way, I don't try to make myself look ike a peacock every time I go to chr.rch," said Mrs. Deakin. This comparison of Mrs. Burnett to a pea cock tickled tho children, and they laughed immoderately. Tom Denkin restrained them with a quiet 11 Tut, tut,*' and said that the proper way to get along waB to pay no atten tion to the neighbours 11 JM like to know how you cau help it/' said bin wife, 41 That boy in up to some mischief every hour of the day, and his mother sterns to encourage him in everything he does. Ho throws things over into our yard, tenses Willi", and makes fac<;« at him." •' Next time I see hiu pick on Willie, Til give him another licking," observed Larry. " You'll do nothing of the kind," exclaimed bin mother. 44 Pun'*: you remember the tilk ing to I gave you the other time yon had that light with iiim ?" Lawrence remembered tho mild rebuke, und bis inward resolution was not changed. Tom Denkin went for hi* pipe, oppressed with the thought that ho hud been very unlucky in his selection of neighbours. The.se comphmifc* had come in to him day after day from tho ;lowu-trodden members of his family. The feud had crown from a thousnnd aggra vating circumstances. Suppose Morton Burnett to he on the Fence. His mother would open the back door and pay, loudly enough to muke herself heard through the open windows of the Denkin house : 14 Morty.get down from that fence ! Haven't I told you about that ?" Mrs. Deakin would hear and understand. Sho would then wait her opportunity to appear and retaliate. + In summer time, when both women were out of doors much of the time, they occasionally exchanged glances which wero more nignifieant than anything they could hare said. When Mrs. Burnett put out her washing sho knew that Mru, Denkin was watching hoc and counting tho number of table-cloths and pillow slips. Wheu Mrs. Burnett came to tho back door and callcd out r 44 Come, Alice, dear, and practise your music lesson," it was equivalent to saying to Mrs. Deakin : ,4 Aha, wc havo n. cottago organ in our house- but you haven't any in vours." Mrs. I)t ;ii:iu had frequently informed Tom fchat the Burnett organ wan n, cheap, second hand tbin^'. One day, when Mrs. Denkin came home from a fnnorul in a covered carriage, there woh con sternation in the Burnet family, and accounts were not fairly balanced until a new coat of pniut was pub on th« Burnett bruise The Deulciii children told the Burnett chil dren all that their mother had said about the probable character of Mra. Burnett Likowifle the Burnett children repeated to the Deakiti children all that they hoard at the suppei table. Mrs. Burnett knew tbr.t she was boin^r reported to Mrs. Denkin, and Mrs. Dcakin felt it to bo her duty to learn what the viperinh thing had been Hayiu/,\ Frank Burnett and Tom Dcakin became convinced that tbo other's family wub probably rnoet to blame. And thun mattern ntood, when Alice Burnett Hfcarfcud to run across the street one day in front of a wapgon. She fell, acramblcd to her feet again, and the horse's knee Btruck her in the hack. She foil on the pavoment and lay quiet. Mrs D«akin tmw it all from her front win dorr. Sho ran into tho street and gathered tho muddy child in hor arms. Tho frightened driver had left his waggon, and he followed hor j timidly to the front door of tho Burnett houne | Mrs. Burnett eorearaed and 'then began to cry. " Run for a doctor, you loony," said Mm. Deakin to the driver, ub Bhe placed the limp littlo body on a bed, and then rati for cold water and cloths. When the child opened her eyea she found her mother on ouo side,. Mrs. Deukin on tho other, while a reassuring physician smiled at her over the footboard. •* She's a littlo jolted up, and bumped Iut hond when sho fell, bift ifc was mostly shock,' ho said to the women. 11 Law mo I" gasped Doakm, *' when I saw that child fall my benrb just went into my throat. Don't cry, Alice, yon ain't a bit hurt. The doctor says I can pat some more poultice, oil your bad old bump.*' u I'll get it/' naul Mrs. Burnett. 11 No, you sit still. You aro as pale «s a ghost." That ib how it happened that Burnett, com ing home fiom the works by the bnek way, found in his kitchen the hated vixen, tho trainer of criminals, tho woman without character—Mrs. Dcakin. She told him what had happened, an<T b' trgcil him not to frighten bis wife, as there wasu" ! any real danger. Mr. Deukin was likewise surprised on reach ing home. Supper was not randy, and bin wife had gone over to the enemy. lie went after her and was tnkenin. Mrs. Dcakin told him she couldntcomo home because Mrs. Burnett was all upset, oud someone would have to take care of the child. So Mr. Deakiu and his two boys ate a cold lunch with Mr Burnett and bin boy. Mr. Huruetb sent Morton out to get two cigars, and while the women sat by the bed in the front room the men *at in tbo back room and smoked, while the three boys, awerl by tbo revolution, kept very ijuiot. •' If Morton over bothers you, Mr. Defikii>," said Mr. Burnett. 11 you just lot me know, !ind I will attend to liim." " I was just going to say to you that Larry's apt to be too guy now and tben, and it I ever hear of him picking on your ohildn.ii I'll mukc him remember it." In the tront room Mrs. Burnett was thanking Mrs. Deukin, who was hoping tht»t her children bad never bothered Mrs. Burnett very much. Tho little girl went to sleep, iud tbo Deakius went home. That was tho end of tbo feud. In each household there wnp a general order that in cane of a neighbourhood riot punishment should be visited upon thoss nearest nt hand. Thuro two houses, side by aide, became the peace centre of the town. Tho Deakiu children were ut liberty to go over and thump on tho Bur nett cottngo organ. But who ond» d the feud— tho men, women, or tbo sis year-old ? 