^imba| |li^:puj^ THE OREAT DRAMA OF : HiiSTOEi. ^ :;? . By the Very Rev. Dean Farrafj author of . - 'The Infe o'f Christ,' :&c.; ' ..''? ? The life of Christ 'is not separable Into incidents which stand alone. ' We can only .regard it as a whole. The .crimson hues ^of .its sunset are mingled with the golden glories of its dawn. * . - * » .??«??. A turbulent afternoon in spring; an exe cution; a surging crowd; the eve of a great festival. wlticS has brought millions to the Holy City; the dim unconscious sense of some stupendous crisis, and tragedy; the rocks tremulous with earthquake; tie eky darkening with preternatural eclipse. Stand. amid tiiat vile promiscuous crowd, wnap is the spectacle which has summoned them together? 'There are three crosses on Gol gotha. On tfhe rigjjThand, and the left, are two robbers crucified for murder and rebellion. Oh the ieentral cross— ^vitb. its mocking title of scorn over His head in three languages, 'This is the King of the Jews,' with women weeping at the foot as though their hearts would break — hangs a sinless Sufferer: One who had lived as never man lived; One Who spake as never man spake; One who ' had loved His brethren as never man had loved before. Guilt and innocence are alike nailed upon those crosses; redeeming Godhead and ruined human nature hang tortured there. And that Sufferer on the central cross was the Saviour of mankind! Those three crosses symbolise two op posite, two eternally conflicting facts. They are the signs of an awful defeat, and of an unutterable victory; they are the indica tions of an appalling misery, and of an irresistibly triumphant hope. Gaze at which cross you will, you see in it the fall, the degradation, the utter cor ruption of humanity; the acme, the zenith, the triumph — and at the moment it might have seemed even to be the final triumph — of the enemy of souls! Death itself, death at the best and under the least agonising conditions, is full of awe. Death, even when the mute beseech ing appeal of every glance is anticipated; when every pang is soothed;, every tear wiped away with the touch of consummate tenderness — death, even when prayers and hymns are uttered softly by the dying bed, and children's faces look upon it, and every eye is wet with tears — is deeply agonising. But death like this — Death in the cruellest and vilest form of it which has been ever invented even by the base and cruel East — a, death of ghastly and liv ing torture which even cruel nations, brutalised by despotism an'd inured to blood, regarded as the supreme form of all that was .miserably execrable — and this death inflicted with glow horrible agonies and the devilish inventiveness of torture by man upon his brother man when he is in the full flush and prime of his life: Death, when the living man, who was made to be but a little lower than the angels, is in the eupremest moment of his destiny, loaded with nameless insult and hounded out of the world with fiendish execrations; does not the mind shudder at it with un speakable horror? Does it not look as though it illustrated the enthronement of the most hideous and malignant of the principalities of Evil as lord over the life of man? From what other source than from the instigation of the enemy of man kind, could spring these frightful insults against the majesty of manhood, against the awfulness of death? Said not our Lord Himself, 'This is your hour, and the power of darkness?' And does not the voiceless horror be come vet more horrible when you think that those three sufferers on those tJiree crosses, represented alike the loftiest and the lowest humanity; represented man hood taken up into Godhead and manhood degraded into demonhood? Those instru ments of torture which made the sun turn into darkness, showed the spectacle of Guilt, Innocence, Repentance, alike over whelmed in the same dire anguish, under that darkening sky, in the common horror of a tragedy of apparent failure too awful for any human imagination to conceive? 1\. For guilt was represented there, and guilt is the darkest problem which earth knows. That impenitent robber was pro bably a follower of Barabbas, and familiar with who knows what scenes of blood and plunder? Who can tell what sins were riding like a nightmare on his breast? Does he not illustrate the frightful doom of finished crime? Have we no pity for him because he was a criminal? He was indeed a criminal; but no cri minal was always a criminal. Little by little, through slow in visible gradations of degeneracy— inch by inch, step by step, from carelessness to vic-e, from vice to sin, from sin to crime — he had sunk to this. Sin had triumphed in his mortal body, and over his immortal soul. . . . That wretch, that impeni tent murderer, blaspheming in his asony, was once a prattling innocent child; and some proud young Hebrew mother had bent over his cradle, arid parted his soft dark locks, and guided his pattering steps, and folded his little hands in prayer. The powers which war against men s souls had gained over him so dread a mastery that even here, and now, and on t'he cross, he can deride, blaspheme, and perish in his definmt curses, and go to his own place. The death o'f an impenitent criminal by the hands of his brother man on cross or scaffold-^t is the grimmest and ghastliest of all grim and ghastly tragedies. Let us drop the curtain over it. No ray of light can pierce that midnight save such as shines, unseen by mortal eyes, behino. the veil. 2\. And that other robber was — Dysmas, the penitent. What good there must have been once in him, that his faith could leap like a dying flame out of these white embers of his life. We know not whether the legend of him be true, that, in youth, when he was one o'f a robber band, he had spared the Virgin Mother and her child on their flight into Egypt; but in him, even more than in the other, we see the shipwreck of fair hopes, the ruin al facul ties created for heavenly ends, the growth of sins unresisted, the rushing avalanche of final ruin 'whie'h overwhelms them. The remission of sins is not the remission of their conse quences. The penalty of violated law must be paid even by the penitent, and paid down to the utmost farthing. And between those two hung on the Cross the Perfect Man— the Sinless Suf-' ferer — on the white robes of Divine Hu manity there had never been a stain; over the blue heaven of whose holiness had never floated the shadow of a cloud. He had been all love, all wisdom, all innocence: He was tlhe ' Word become Flesh.' He who clothed Himself with light as with' a garment, and spreadeth out the heavens like a curtain, had been content 'tb dwell in a tent like ours, and of the samp material;' had come down from the starry heiphts of heaven amid angel uongjs, to lire through a sweet infancy, a gracious boy-' hood, ? a'Vi^^^^Jwi^'.jpf.U^i^PBSi^'' Bcurity; to set a Divine examplej ty&frbw-; us [the Father] to be -.all ^rity, aU trajipr^ ness, all compaBsion'!; to neal the lepery^tfr open the eyes of the blind; to go about doing good; to release- the tortured, eoiil of the demoniac, 'to preach the' Gospel,-, to the poor; to undo the heavy burden 'and let the oppressed go free:— and thus lie had lived, and thus the world had rewarded Him. For lies and baseness, for selfish greed and ruinous ambition, ? for guilty wealth and mean comroliances, the world has the diadem: for Holiness it has the cross, the stake. The darkness loathed the light. His own disowned Him. They had repaid by demoniac hatred that life of love. Envy, hatred, malice, slander, calumnj', false witness, had. done their work. He had been excommunicated ; hunted as a fugitive with a price upon His head; betrayed; buffeted; insulted; spit upon; mocked ; scourged; crowned with thorns— thus ha'd the world .shown its gratitude to its Redeemer;- and the end was Tiere. Thirty hours of accumulated agony were ending upon the cross. ^ Could infinite malignity enact a more decisive triumph? Could there be any greater proof of man's ruin than the fact that this was the sole reward which man requited to an immeasurable Love? And the mass of mankind was repre sented in that scene— the common herd, and scum, and low coarse average, of men of all ranks. The stream of humanity in its muddiest vileness was flowing under those .Kingly and glazing eyes. I think an ignorant obscene mob of godless men — who have degraded themselves into mere fevers of lust, and leprosies of uncleannesa, and ferocities of brutal rage — is of all sights the_ one which makes one shudder most. It is a multitudinous infamy of baseness, savagery, and stupidity, in which the in dividual vileness is multiplied and magni fied a thousandfold; in yhich repeated from evil soul to evil -soul, the common and separate elements of the devil and the beast are focussed into central intolerable heat by numberless reverberations. And tibis crowd, gathered on the low hill outside the walls of Jerusalem, was a sink of the dregs of many n'ations. The Roman soldier iwas there, coarse and cruel, and in solent and corrupt, drinking, gambling, swearing at the foot of tie Cross. The Jew from many lands was there-^narrow, greedy, fanatical, 'his heart a ch'aos of re lentless 'hatreds. The supple, unclean Greek was there, from all the corrupted shores of Asia and Africa. And the hoarse murmur of their jeers and blasphemies, in which even the crucified wretches beside them joined, mingled themselves ?with the sabs of _ t)ho^.? few poor Galilean peasant women in tl dying ears of Jesus. He was tfhe King ot men— and this is what man hood had become. And yet His divine love can still love on, unashamed in t'he face of the enormity which wronged it. And saddest of all there was religion there, or the inflated religiosity which called itself religion; believed itself to be religion; was taken for religion 'by the world— and tine corruption and perversion olf religion is almost viler and more peril ous than gojdlessness, when religion has sunk into mere callous conventionalism, mere irreligious hypocrisy. The city whidi they called 'the Holy' lay (before Him, 'white, 'beautiful, vocal with religious song's, busy with festive preparations, but its glory defiled with blood, a band of lu visible darkness lying across its radianr, sunlight.' The Elders, who should 'have taug'ht the people, had been the deadliest in their yell of 'not this man, but Barab bas.' The Pharisees, who made the ut most pretence of being the sole representa tives of the Church, pass by Him, a band of self-deceivers, wagging their heads and taunting with jeers ILs awjfu'l agon3r. The priests who slew 'the victims, who burnt the incense, who trod the golden temple courts, fhev 'had been the worst of His enemies, the most active of His mur derers. What shall [be done in the world when its very religion has become irrts ligion? When its very baptisms need ban 'tising? When it has sunk into a mass of usurping ordinances and human inven tions, deceiving illusions, and historic lies? Guilt itself is a less hopeless spectacle than religion which has no love in it, ortflio doxy which has perverted itself into tyran ny and injustice, and ceremonialism ?which has (become a substitute for true service. What shall we think of the priests and Pharisees who crucify the Lord of Glory? Yet (file most dreadful fact of all history is that the Church — what caUed itself the Church — what vaunted itself as the only Church and anathematised and excommu nicated all others— has ever been at dead lier enmity with prophets even than the world, and has chanted its loudest 'hallelu jahs over St. Bartholomew's massacres, the Tophet fires of tlie Inquisition, and the ashes of the slaughtered saints. And now the Holy City was using the arm of heathen Rome, and religion was fiercer t'han irreligion in murdering t'he Son of God. Well might earth groan and tremble and fiends rejoice. It was their hour and the power of darkness. Tii-ju palsied earth, with noonday night o'er spread I T!iou 6ickenmp; Bun, 60 dark, so deep, so red! Ye hovering ghosts i!iat throng the starless air, Why shakes the earth? Vftty fades ihe liglilf Dcc'.are! Are those His limbs, with rutbles3 scourges torn? His lirows, all bleeding with the twisted thornl His the pale form, the meek, forgiving eye Raised from the Crass in patient agony? Be dark thou sun! Uiou noonday night arise; And liide, oh huh the dreadful sacrifice I And so came the end. Seven times only, In brief sentences, He had broken His kingly silence. Once to pray for His mur derers; once to promise Paradise to re pentance; once in 'human tenderness to His mother; one brief cry of spiritual de solation; one single word of physical suf fering; one loving trustful prayer; then t'he one victorious 'triumphant Divinely ex ultant word, Tetdesta5— 'It ds finished.' 'Finished was His holy life; with His life, His struggle; with His struggle, His work; with His work, the redemption; with the redemption, the foundation of t'he new world.' Over the world-rulers of this darkness — here intensified, here concentra ted—He 'had triumphed for ever and for evermore. For therein ((jhank God) is the other side of this great and terrible Day of the Lord. If it was the hour and power of darkness, it was also the hour and power o'f Infinite Deliverance. If the scene of Gol gotha was the proof: of an appaJing ruin, it was also the pledge : o'f an illimitable Hope. ? . For we know that the Cross, which looked like the uttermost vic'bory of Satan, bruised 'the head o-f Satan, and that the seeming victory of death was the rending from deaitih of its shameful sting. No tfliing is farther from the way: :m1 -which the AposWes and GUrisr Himself teadh us to regard;'the Cross,' than tne -merje morbid floating luxury of self -created1 ; emotion.' The unnatural self-tortures o-f the flagel lant, the feminine ntosterfes of the convul sionaire, the iron Scourge of the Mexican penitents, are iohnqBEely 'oiut'iof place in. con'templa'ting that ^ Cross; -?wfaidh is the symbol of defeated sin, of transmuted sofJ row, of victorious Ije&rt;— which &' the; ES^S^a^pa^S^ijB^the. comfort of ftne^feitf^irjae-ih^&atwn; of Ifte ifeiian .*HmJ$asfe :^np:-ejiinli\stgqf .'prrinfc charity-on ; fieldB :-a slaiig^tt^ t&e;'^^laiineT in. the ran ;l)£;^ry';^-^i&:4j&fih.;':eopd waged with ill.' .Tie CTfoss iflbeiS :-';jiofc Hnean weeping, an guish/, inorte ?vraMng^ -morose despairs -it means joy, jjfc means peace, it means ex ulta'tion; , it itteana i .the atonemen^; it means The redemption of Humanity; it means t'he advance of holiness; it means tfhe. remission -ot sias. Nothing is more futile, nothing more unscrifctural than to merge ourselves in a sort of luxury of imaginative woe over the physical sufferings- of Christ. There in not one word in the »wiho5e New Testament to encourage audi will-worship. Christ. is not suffering now; 'He is not n'o^v upon the Cress, but in Heaven's eternal glories. He is no't noiw tlhe^rueified, the dead, t'he absent, the iumffiate'd— ''tout He is the Incarnate,, the Present, the Everlasting King in Heaven. What His life is, wihat His com mandments are, what His judgments will be, this He impresses' on .us-not only what He once did, nb't what He- once, suffered, but what He is n'aw doing, and what he requires us to do. That is bhe pure, joy ful, beautiful (lesson of GhristianitVj and 'the fall from tha't faith, and all the cor ruptions of its abortive practice, may be summed up briefly as the (habitual too ex clusive con'temiplaiion of Christ's deatii in Etead of His life, and the -substitution of His past sufferings for our present duty.' The crucifixion of our Lord Jesus Christ was a tremendous sacrifice — never let us forget that; let it brina home to our hearts with infinite sense of shame, the exceeding sinfulness of sin. Better even the crude fanaticism of the Yogi or the Dervish; bet ter the self -immolating rapture of the wretches who fling themselves under the car of the Juggernaut, than the insolent self-satisfaction of liars, adulterers, and slanderers who are terribly at ease in sin. Let us never forget bow much it cost to redeem our souls, how exceeding must have been the sinfulness o'f the sin which needed such a sacrifice. Yet let us, at the same time, bless God as we stand in imagination beside the cross, that if no plummet can sound the abyss of human degradation, neither is there any instrument which can measure the altitude of God's love. 'I saw,' says George Fox, 'an ocean of dark ness and death; but an infinite ocean of light and love flowed over the ocean o'f darkness: and in that I saw the infinite love of God.' We see the two most ir resistible proofs of Christ's divinity, histo rically, in all that we mean by Christianity, and in all that we mean by Christendom; individually, in the blessed belief that there is forgiveness with God, so that if any man sinneth 'we have an advocate with the Father, Jesus Christ the Righteous; and He is the propitiation for our sins, and not for ours onlj', but also of the whole world.' ' Nor lastly is this all. If one arm of the cross points as it were to infinite for giveness, the other points to illimitable hope. Truly we need it still. The crea tion still groans and travails, waiting for its final restoration. Life is still a dark and stormy sea strewn with innumerable shipwrecks, and its restless waters still cast up mire and dirt. One misery goeth in gold, And one misery goeth aco'd And there is no difference beside, However the dust be drest. And the flourisitiirg evil is sad Because it is evil at best; And the fading good is not glad Because it is good opprest. There is still a congregated anguish, igno rance, heart-broken memories, cankering doubt, creeping care, weary struggle, weary self-loathing, and a dim s'hapeless dread. The brute crowd still surges round the Cross, and Christ is still crucified, infini ni'tely often, by men, alike in their faith and in their doubt, in their knowledge and in their ignorance, in their religion and in their sin. Wrinkle after wrinkle is still being graven upon the brow of Time; and the whole creation is groaning and tra vailing in pain together until now; and the end is not yet. Yea! but the Cross is God's eternal pledge that the final victory shall come: and though we see not yet all things put under Christ's feet, we know that all things shall be subdued under Him, and the last enemy that shall be destroyed is Death. Then shall the last shape of darkness vanish in tlie universal light, even as the smoke above the burnt-out guilt of Sodom was swept away, and left the eternal azure heavens unstained. So shall it be in God's universe hereafter, and so it may be in our own hearts even now. As far as the world is concerned God's saints may still have cause, age after age, to cry, 'How long, oh Lord, how long? but as far as each human soul is concerned it may 'escape from evil, anu doubt, and misery, and death, as a bird out of the snare of the fowler, and find by experience the fruition of the eternal promise, 'Thou shalt keep him in perfect peace, whose mind is stayed on Thee; because he trusteOh in Thee! He can lie down in 'that large upper chamber of which the window opens to the sunrise, and which is called Peace.' ' Yes, because Jesus Christ lives and is alive for evermore, 'access is ever open to the foot of faith; mercy is unfailing to the cry of penitence; grace is inexhaustible to the servant who offers himself wholly for the Masters use.' The darkness and earth quake, the shame an'd anguish of Good Fri day are the prelude to the bursting and dawn and glorious spring o'f Easter. By the Cross we too are crucified with Christ, and alive in Christ. We are no more rebels but servants; no more servants but sons. -rLet it be counted folly, or fury, or frenzy, or whatsoever.. It is our wisdom and our comfort; we care for no know ledge in the world but this, that man hath sinned, and God hath suffered; that God hath made Himself the 6in of men, and that men are made the righteousness of God.' The earth -nay snake, the pil lars of the world may tremble under us, the countenance of the heaven may be ap palled, the sun may lose his light, the moon her beauty, the stars their glory,' — but Christ died on the Cross for us. We have a Shepherd full of kiridness full of care, and rail of power; unto Him we com mit ourselves, and through Him for our selves and for all mankind, we may keep the jewel of our hope unto the end. : : A Parliamentary paper recently issued 'shows that there are in Belgium no fewer than 183,000 liqeor establishments of all kinds, or one to every 29 of the popula tion. Among proposed applications of power At' long distances from its source is the Sighting of the interior passages and cham bers oFthe.(Great Pyramid by electric eur^ Irents generated at the cataract of Assouan, Several hundred miles away. The same ipower is intended to operate pumping sta ?tipris and; cotton-mills along the Nile. In $an Fjancisco' it is proposed to obtain ?10,'000 * horsepower, for use in that city, (from the water now running to waste on itjhe slopes of the Sierra' Nevada Mountains, i ?110 miies djetant. -?] 4j; I Hi1 . i)il^' '':':?'-'?]?? 