A T01RN=0UT PAGE. PUBLISHED BY SrEOIAL AeBANQESISNT. ,- BY DORA RUSSELL, Author of "Footprints in the Snow," "The Broken Seal," " On Golden Hingos," ' ' "A Fatal Past," "A Bitter Birthright," "TJheLast Signal, V "The Drift of Fiito," Beneath the Wave,"' " Tho Other Bond," " A Man's Privilege," See., &o.; , gofyrioiit. ' CHAPTER V. IsABUl'k LKTTklt. t tills illness slio looked a changed vvorauu. She wns worn and wasted. The montnl suffer ing she had gone through had told on her fino. physical frame. But for Gcorgo Fairfax's suko she -tried- to exert horself. Yet sl.o had sedrooly hoen up a doy or ii . ."1-. two, when a; Ipttel wns brought to hor hy hand, which .naturally added ..to hor anxiety, although sho had cxpuctpd it. It was signed ' S.L.,' and was. as fol- laws 1 My, Lady, '. ' I havo. not troubled you . for. a long time,, as I .hoard you.waro-. ill,. But now .1 write to you on u serious' subject. If you will. 'givo rad'a hun dred jiounds, .1 will 'go buck to Spain, and leave your fogs. But I won't take a penny less.' , Isahol rend this letter twice. It had boon brought to hor in; her; bedroom— and then sho.slowly crossed tho rooui to her seoretuiro, and counted tho money it contained. Thoro was not a hundred jiounds- — thoro was sevonty-iivo— and she sat thinking how slio could raise tho rest. At last, sho decided to soud for the admiral, who ennio dclightod, until ho know what sho wanted. . 'I havo a groat favour to ask you,' sho snid. . ' My dear, cousidor . it granted,' ho nnswered. ' ' Well, will you loud mo twenty-five pounds till tho iniddlu of next month ?' It would have been amusing to any looker-on to seo the admiral's fnco. His jaw absolutely fell. "Twonty-fivo pounds!' ho ropentod. 1 What can you want to do with it, when Gcorgo is so gonerous to you?' ' It is; — it is,' husitutod Isabel, 1 on necount of tho old connection.' Tho admiral used a very strong ex pression. 'Tho old connection1.' ho ropentod. ' "Wasn't it agreed, when I brought you here, that you woro to bo perfectly done with any old connections ?' ' It's not so easy to ho dono with thorn, 'snid Isabel, undhori'apedarkohed. 'But this inquoy. I must have, nud I enu't nsk George for it;' Tho admiral growled and grumbled. Ho hated to part .with his money, hut at last uu willingly drew out his- ohuquo- book, wkicli ho wished ho had - loft at- home. ' I enu't go on like this, you know, Isabel,'' ho snid. ' You will not ho hskod,' slio answered. Tho admiral wont awny really fooling exceedingly cross. , Ho wevor, ho re flected that Isabel had dono woll lor horself — that she was Lady Fairfax, and, therefore, ho ought to be well satisfied. But even after sho had got-tho monoy Isabel's troubles about it did not cease. Sho was forced to' send hor maid — a smart, young Frenchwoman— to tho rillngp whore Scbnstiuu Lopez was staying, i '.You must givo it into bis own hands,' she said. The maid .looked, at the address curiously, imd then said :' . ' Do you know, my- lady, this gontlc- raiiu is suid to he the very imago of the gentleman who wiis. found murdered in tlio woods.' l'snbol could not holp giving a little shudder.. ' At all ovcuts, it eaii't ho,' sho said in a low, forced . tono. ' However, givo him this letter. I know. him when .1 was a child.' So the hundred pounds wiis givcu into Schnstinu Lopez's bauds,, and sho got un acknowledgment during the sumo-diiy. . . . . ' . : '.My Indyi I thank you,' ho wrote; ' I shall leave your fogs to-morrow,'' , So Isabel folt ropriovod for-n little time. She wout out to walk with Sir Georgo Fairfax one bright autumnal day, in the fading gardens ut Fitirfax. Around' thoiir wore all tho 'tiiits and olmniis of tho ' autumn, ahdA sohs'd of. relinf'soemed to steal ..ovor lior hciirt, . , 1 .' Oh, , Gcorgo,', sho seid, leaning her head against his' shoulder, .'..wouldn't it ho uieo if wo conld: go : uwnyT'ogotbor n long Aviiy off-r-say to Australia f ' / — ' To Australia, . my doar ? .' ho ropoatod, ia .uttor. ustouiBhmoiit, .. '-Why -should >vo lonvo - our ' owu people— our old' friends ? ' - - ' > , ; : | It was only a dream,' sho answered, quietly.' Ho laughed', nud nothing more was said ou "tlio subject. But aftor- W.ards liar words recurred to hiiuj and ho thought more tliiui oiico what tlioy could mean. . . . . ; Sho, ho\voyor;'gradunliy regninod lior 'strength, undi' for h''.;webk>- or two after Sohostiau ) . L6noz's ' diBuppeiiranoo i no huuilting shmtew crossed her pnth. Thoii again she ' lmd a yisit from- Mrs. 'AVntkins. . '-.-V : ' ' .'I've :eomo'"to congratulRto yoii'oh your iooovory, my' lady, ' sho. , said." . ' I. did hot. como': buforb; lis. ybii rwbrb;'ill ; hut I liopo ybii'uhdorst'ahil I'yb hot for- gotton our little ngrbbiiioiit/'. : ' < ' What ugreomont ?' nusworcd Isabol,' sharply. . f : .'About lioldiiig my tongiic,' answered the woman, iusolently, . ? i ; ' Thore's, nothing tb. hold it about,' 'answored Isabel, .... /i ,-i-. tih; isn't thoro ?'i said.Mrs.ii'lV,atkinH disagrbbnbryi ' Somo pooplo 'thiiik voiT difforontly.' ; - - - v- p Th,ondod; of- oourso,; in- Isntpl giving, lior some .monoy , bind, tho ohiivm' of 'thb peaceful' autumn days sobiuo'd'oucb more hrokeuforthb:poi'sooutod'\vbman.,,It soombd to lioras if.thbre'was no;iolba?b' for hor ; and desperate, daring thoughts begun to grow in hor mind. ' Why should all those people proy upon mo ?' sho reflected. ' I've dono nothing but mudo a fool of mysolf in my youth,' und married a despicable man.' But. a month had not elapsed bofore agaiu tho dark shadow of hor life loomed ovor hor. It was a wet day — indeed it was gcttiug to mid-winter — und, after lunch, George Fnirfux com posed himsolf comfortably for a sloop on tho couch, when a note was brought in to tho unhappy Isabol. Sho rose nftor' sho recoived it, rind loft her sluopiug husband. It was! signed ' S.L.j' and was from Sebastian Lopez. 'My lady and fair sister-in-law, ' ho wrote, with his usual audacity. That accursed gambling - propensity which 1 inhonted ovoicamo. mo .in Sovillo, and I . iioavly . lost tho wholo of . tho hundred pouiids in ono night. Hero I mn ugiuu, therefore, virtually punnilcss. I must havo. auothor hundred, pounds ut brieo. So lot mo know how you will send it, or whoro I shull incot "you. I inn sorry to trouble you so . soon again," but ''. necessity;'' us /you. English- suyj ' " has no law." I trust yoiiwiH rocoivo this-nll right, - - ; ' ' ' ' And remain, . ' Yours ever, . 'S. L.' " ' Absolute despair fell on Isahul's soul after sho read; this -letter. Sho kuow tho admiral would givo her no more money, and sho could not ask Goorgo Fairfax. . ' , '' I will louve Georgo>' sho decided, at last; 'I will leavo my home. In tho rush and tumult' of London this wretch will not bo ablo to tmco me.' , Sho was a woman prompt of action when sho decided on a thing. Sho wont into tlio conservatory and out a rose, which . sho -mount to plaeo in Georgo Fairfax's coat. Then sho ordered a carriage, merely, taking a few neces saries with lior. But before sho wont sho returned to Gcorgo Fuirfrix, who was still peacefully asleep. She put the roso in his cout. ; 'Goodbye, Georgo,! sho said. ' Good bye, my dear, duur George.' Then sho ordered tho concbmnn to, drivo hor to tho station, and so left lior home. In tlio meanwhile, Sir Goorgo Fnir fux awoke. Ho saw the fiowor in his cout, and guessed at onco who put it thoro. 'Dear little woman!' lio thought, tenderly; and ho went up to lier bed room to thnnlc hor. But there wiis uo Isabel. Ho rung the hell, and her inuid answered it. ' "Where is your lady ?' he asked. ' My: lady, sir,' answored tho maid, ' ordered tlio- enrriugo about half nu hour ago, and went out to drive.' ' All right,' answered Sir Goorgo. lie did not fool tlio, least unonsy. Ho thought most probably she had goiio to tho admiral's. Bat when hour after hour, passed and she did not appenr, ho' became soinewhut disturbed. Ho rode over to .tlio' admiral's, und 'hoard with consternation that sho had not boon there. Thou ho questioned tho coueh- inan, and loomed t-lmt Isabol had driven to tho station. Ho sont . the earriugo buck to tho station, and again hour, nftor hour passed, hut tlioy brought him no farther noivs. He spent u miserable night, wandering botweou the stution and Fairfax Houso. Ho novor, in fact, attempted to go to hod — listoning for every, sound with strained curs. When the -morning enrao ho looked haggard, worn, and sliakv, for ho oauld not understand or account in any way for Isabel's disnppcurunco. Since tlioir muiTiugo they, had novor laid an unkind word. Ho hud boon devoted to hor — sho ahvuys gontlo and loving to him. When tho gray winter morning duwncd lie was standing ou tho doorstop .watch ing for tho postman. , ,- ' Thoro is ono for you, Sir Georgo,' tlio man said. Sir Goorgo snatched it from tho man's hand. It was in tho handwriting of Isabel. : , ' My dourest Goorgo,' ho read, with starting eyes. ' When you receive this I shull . lmvo loft your roof — my. homo — tho, homo whore I . . havo beou so happy. But I havo u confession to mako to you ; a confession about my oarly youth, whieli Bliould lmvo boon told to you boforo I married you. . My early, girlish days wore spout in Seville, . and I lived with a Madame Bowman.- Sho was not a Spuniurd, in fact, I bo- liovo sho was a Frenchwoman, but slio had a liberal allowance for.. my support., AVhero this camo from alio uovor snid, - Imt l eouoludu, now,- it was from tlio admiral, .who used to como to soo mo at rare intervals. She had a nephew oallud Pedro Lopez, of whom uppnr- outly. slio . was fond. These two plotted nud 6uhomed, and induced a young girl to marry him. I was sixteen when I was .mni'riod to Pedro Lopoz, mid from that hour I novor Inula happy day. Ho was a oourso, soliish man, given to gambling; and, of courso, my supposed i'ortuuo was my only attraction iu his , eyes. AYp quarrollud. incossautly, whuH> onco inoro, tlio admiral appoarod. Madamo Downinn' implored , mo not to toll him that 1 was married to Pedro Lopez, as sho said ho would ho so aiigry, As.it was, I found ho . hud como into his . property, and wanted ino to go homo to England with him. - Ho had sovoral private intorviows. with Jfadnmu Bowman, and told mo ho hud; givori lior a suiii .of niouby, with, tlio .li'ndovstimdiug . tliut all my oounootion with Spain was to oousq. - 1 suppose slio shared this monoy with Pedro., . . At nil ovonito,; I. wout; aivuy with the admiral, unmolc'slicd. . ;-j Tlion .1 enmo to Iluatli- fiold, ; whoro J mot you,, Goorgo. AYliat wris. iny.,hpVi'oi;, whiiii, I roturnod from . tho.ball, tho oyouiug l first mot you, to,' iftnd ; a 'inoto'.'iying ; ou my toilotto-from l>pdro;pw.<grHo'ii(l -dome for monoy,; wliioli ;'hq"; always ; -wiiiited. I was ' ; iifriiicl.;' W.' '-jrefuso his > dbm.rind. ' I, mot; hiui in;:;thc,,.wbcids,. whore . Jio -.-itskciL ino- to Wribt,hiin,''-rind jgava liim ,wliat I could, . But tjiis wiis not. sufflciont for — 1 .; <. Iris _ requirements. I promised to g® .again, which -I did, and gavo him the- rest of what ho wanted. I kuow it would never ccuso, but ho was afraid of tho admiral, aud kept fairly within hounds. Bo you remember when you first asked mo to bo your wifo ? I told you mino was a shadowed life. It truly was 1 Then came tho tragedy of Pedro Lopez's death. I had gono again to meet him, to givo liini somo further money, when I cumo upon him lying in , the woods dead, with a dagger in his breast. Georgo ! I am innocont of this mun's death. Boliovo this -at loust of mo. He lmd boon killed by n dagger of foreign workmanship, tlioy said at tho inquest. But who struck the blow I know not. At least I did not. But tho most weird and tragic piirt ' of tlio story is yet to como. After wo had heonmarricd, iindhud roturnudhome, one afternoon out of tho' inner drawing- -' room appeared to mo whrit. soemcd an apparition of tho dead mini,' -I shrieked, and put out iiiy hands," hut ho snoor- ingly assured mo ho was -not- Pedro's ghost, hut Sebastian Lopez, Pedro's brother. I hud u' vagiio romouibranco of hearing Mudniuo Bowmnn and 1'odro talking of this Sobostian. '.'.Ho .hud, of . courso, como for - tho: siuno thing as Pedro, nnd ho tried to frighton mo by pretending to boliovo that I had killed ?odro. . This, -Goorgo, if tho'so woro tho last words I should ovor write, I did not ! However, with difficulty I per suaded Sebastian Lopez to go buck'to Spain. I raised; tho mouoy ho required, the ndrairril londing ino twouty-ftvo pounds, and I thought I wns free, for a time at lonst, from his grilling im portunities. But not six wooks had olapscd whon I' reebivud nuotlior lottor from" this wrotehod . inau demand ing more money. Goorgo, this determined me to leave your homo.- I will not have jour honourable life overshadowed, and so. I have started for London, und will tiiiij mysolf there in somo lonely plaeo whore uo one shall soo ino. Do not seek to find me, hut do not quito forgot me, for I havo loved you woll. Goodbye, doar Goorgo, und bolievo mo always your faithful Isaiiul.' Goorgo Fuirfax was greatly affected after ho road this lottor. 'Oh, my poor, . poor girl!! ho nmr- mured, ' my poor, poor girl !' Ho was not a religious man, but somo instinct prompted liimto fall on his knees. ;; . ' O God, help .ino to find hor,' ho ' cried, ' help me to find hor !' ; Ten minutes lntor ho was galloping . on his road to : Honthfiold. AVhon ho arrived there the admiral was at break fast, but ho started up anxiously, as Georgo ontored the room. ... . . ! ' Havo you heard anything of Isabol ?' " ho, asked, eagerly. " ' : ' Yos,' answered Gcorgo Fairfax, 'I havo heard from. her. This is her, , letter,' aud he laid it on the breakfast table. ' Now toll mo,' ho said; 'as wo are two men of honour together, is what is written bore truth ?' . . : 'It is true,' said tho- admiral, .'with ' tho excoptiou that I novor know sho"; '- hud married Pedro Lopez. A Had - I known so, I should not lmvo allowed hor to marry an honourable mnn liko you.' ' But she-must, have married him, you seo,' answored Goorgo Fairfax. ' As slio 1ms written it, slio nittst,' replied the admiral, 'for I uovor know Isabel toll a lie.' 'Iwill find hor,'' answered "George v Fnirfax, with a dororihinod look on his' fnco. And thus tho two mou, parted. An hour lntor, "Sir Georgo was on his .; road to Loudon, to sook- for tho wife who hud forsaken him. to he continued, ; ' 