PAETENDEDFRIENDS. 1 r ever there was a period in the history of Tasmania when it was requisite that the people should unite and become one homogeneous whole for the defence of tbeir political liberties it is now. A foe, insidious and crafty, has for several years past been steadily creeping forward, gradually strengthening his position ready for that moment when success being assured all disguise will be thrown off, and tbe true character of tbe pretended friend be exhibited in all its fulness and deformity. Under tbe guise of a desire to ameliorate the condition of tbe poorer portion of the community, aod of elevating mankind generally, there are numerous wolves iu sheep’s clothing, who, presuming on the credulity of the people, are posing as the only genuine benefactors—individuals who when the truth is confessed have but one object in view, that of personal advantage and self-aggrandisement, and who can sec do other means of attaining their ambitions designs except through tbe workers. Notwithstanding the examples which are ancient history such persons kicking away the ladder by which they had scended to the summit, when it as imagined there was no further eed of it, in spite of tbe most utrageous reversals of opinion, tbe asses appear inclined to be once gain gulled to tbeir own injury. It ust be admitted, with feelings of eepest regret, that tbe multitude are oo easily led astray from tbe straight nd narrow path by tbe glib tongue r tbe brazen effrontery of political dventurers, men who are gifted with low cutming which enables them o beguile a portion of the public ime and again in spite of their pro. estations that they would never be aught with chaff after baring been eceived before. Thore have been so any plausible politicians, who have, pparently,been bo earnest and sincere n the cause of Democracy, that it is ittle wonder there are those who arc ick at heart and pessimistic as to any hange for tbe better. Far too often ave the breadwinners, who have to oil early and late, been basely and reacherously deluded by soft honied ords from those haring axes to grind, nd have realised, when all too late, hat speech is given to couceal hought; that many a promise s made from nothing, and of nothing spun, oam on tbe ocean, hoar-frost grass, be gossamer threads that sparkle atterned with morning dew—things that are born nd die, are come and gone, blossom and fall, re day mature has drawn one sober breath. The pledge is given iu a light-hearted manner and with a great dee! of protestation of faithfulness, but all is as a whited sepulchre, fair on the outside but corruption within. Another class who have succeeded in attracting attention from tbe question at issue arc those students of human nature who have recognised that battery and high-sounding phrasue will fall heedless on the ears of soma they wish to conciliate. They adopt a different course; they nppeal to the personal condition and et&tus; of their audienoe io artfally contrived, and in some cases skilfully drawn, word pictures; they raise hopes, if they can but be returned to power, which shall cause a revolution in tbe social world. J ack Cade told his followers, ‘‘There shall be in England seven halfpenny loaves sold for a penny: tbe threehooped pot shall bavo ton hoops; aod I will make it a felony to drink email beer. But the would-be leaders in Tasmania io their exuberance of profcBBiooB of anxiety to all thoir fellow creatures, * go further even than that, for they off<t the penny as well as the s^vcd halfpenny loaves and all for nothing. They coont on the listeners being transported by the glorious prospect unfolded to each an extent as to cause them to lose eight of the probabilities of the vista before them, Jn this they are usually safe, for there arc few who arc not carried aw«y with the vision of what they will bo under such an altered state of affairs. A third enemy who gains entrance into public life under false pretences, who relies upon a vigorous denunciation of all authority on the face of tbooarthy s&en; who love that kind of doctor woo is al ways “ agin1 the Government.” The veriest claptrap, conditionally that there ii plenty of vigor in the well- rounded and smooth-flowing/ will be accepted as gospel, and the utterer of the false coin will bn hailed as a saviour of mankind. Let him but iopinuate scandal about those at the bend of affairs And drop into a little Billingsgate, and be is certain of a clientele of some kind. These aro samples of the woiet enemies the toilers and moilers have to encounter; my of them are yet in tho ranks, or but little above them, and they ctiiDf to their fellows with the pl< “ Wo are one of yourselves ; you can trust ub, because of uecoasity yt ur interest mmtbo ours.” Thrown off tbeir gaard in this way, tbo vast body of electors become careless and take as accurate all that is narrated never taking tbe trouble to investigate tbe motives which are actuating those who are so persistent in trying to get their support, or whether there is probability in their story. The classes stand quietly by, laughing, in their sleeve, hs they see the backboni of tbe country decoyed from their stronghold and following a will or tbe wisp. Without doing more than iking a feiut to attack they do notbiog, because all the difficult work is accomplished for them; all they have to do ir to keep the main body of tbe army well in the rear, to occupy fort after fort aa it is abandoned for the nonce by a foolish garrison. If the aristocracy can gain tbeir ends thore will bo but two sections in the community — themselves, free and aristocratic, aud the remnindvr hewers of wood ai d drawers of water, with ihe chain of thraldom and servitude drawing tighter and closer rouuo their bodies. I t is to thin state the pretended friends of the breadwinnern are alluring the people to, knowingly or not matters little. The hoar has c m e when the electors should throw off their lethargy, froe themselves from tbe fascinations of the self-seeking politicians, .and make a determined stand for tbeir rights aod privileges. They must exert themselves in all the plentitude of their power, assuming their proper position in the governance of the island, and snatching out of the hands of tbeir hereditary foe those rights their forebears gained after much trouble and tribulation, nay imprisonment, sorrow, and suffering; they must assure for their eons that freedom which has been enjoyed by themselves. The question has now to be faced fairly and fully, whether all that has been gained is to be sacrificed; that the world is to be told in clear and mistakable tone, Tasmanians have taken a retrograde instead of a progressive step, that they are relapsing into the most deplorable political coodition, and that their position will be soon worse—aye, seven times over— then before tbe blessings of responsible government and tbe franebiuo were secured. It is cot too late to prevent thiB and tbe “ earned drift ” iu this tatter may be stopped most effectually if prompt measures are taken with that end in view. Tbe electors have the remedy in their own hands, are they patriotic enough to use it P For tbeir own sakes, aud for that of tbe country, it is to bo hoped they will, aod with do faltering band Yicb-Beoal—I t is tbe intention of Hi; Excellency the Governor to proceed to tbe Great Lake on Toaaday next for a week’ fishing. u P o lic e Court—A clean sheet was presented a t th is C ourt to-day. Licgxamo Bxnch.—Tbe Annual meetiog of tbe Licensing Bench was held to-day. the Police Magistrate (Mr Bernard Shaw) presiding. Superintendents Pedder and Hed berg and the Clerk of the Peace were also present. Both Superintendents spoke well as to the way in which the various houses had been conducted during tbe year, and stated there were no objections taken to any one of the licenses. The Bench then granted the whole of tbe applies tioae. Hobabt E lection.—A meeting of Mr F B. Battle’s friends and supporters was held laLt evening. A Btrong committed was formed to secure his return. Tbe J swisb Mission—Mr L. Abramovich r Idreesed a large public meeting held under the auspices of the Ministers’ Association last evening on tbe various matters connect* i with his Australian mission to the Jewp. Tbe chair was occupied by the Mayor. Mr Ab Minovich spoke at some length on the unique origin, history, deBtioy of Israel, sod pointed out a spirit of love towards the Jews was spreaditig among evangelical Christians, and over a quarter of a million Jews had embraced Christianity through the instrumentality uf missions. Os the motion of tbe Bev. Dr. Scott, seconded by tbe Rev. C. H. Talbot, it was unanimously resolved to cherish a special interest in the conversion of members of tbe Hebrew Bsce as the evident duty of every Christian, On the motion o Pastor Blaikie, seconded by Bev. H. Bride Barber, it was resolved—" That the friends of the Israel Association, represented by Mr L. Abramovich, are worthy of confidence, sympathy and help, as an agency towards tbe conversion of Jewish people in these colonies, aud is hereby recommended to the favorable consideration of the Christian Churches ’’ Australian Natives’ Association,— The annual meeting of the above was held at the Bi&lto; last evening, the President (M rJ .E Cottier) in the chair. There wah large attendance of members. After tbe usual routine business was disposed of, the election of officers for the ensuing term ws9 proceeded with, and resulted in the following being elected :—President, Mr Gilbert Leitch; vice- president, Mr A. J Nettlefold j treasurer, Mr C, T. Harcoort; secretary, Mr L. G. Henry; committee, Messrs A. T Okines, A, C. Pratt, R. Sharp, F E. Hewitt, T. C. SimpBon; auditors, Messrs C. Yantin and E- Bussell. The uewly.flected Pi isident, in a neat speech, thanked the me.nl. ire for tbe honor toey had conferred on him. He would endeavor to fill the position with credit alike to himself and tbe Association. He feltoonfident that with tbe members’ continued support to himself and brother officers (who represented &ew; blood), that the Australian Natives Association would continue to progress in Tasmania. The large attendance there that evening was splendid testimony to the interest taken in, and the popularity which the Association deservedly enjoys. The retiring President (Mr J. E. Cottier) was accorded an enthusiastic vote of thanks for his past services, to which he suitably responded. During the meeting Mr W. J. McWilliams, was elected honorary member. If you leave your next order for a Suit r pair of Trousers with us you will be ,c*re than pleased. Swift and Livingston 41 Murray et. Sr. David’s I ndustrial Exhibition.— T^his exhibition last evening attracted a large attendance, and tbe results were efttisfactory to tbe Committee. — Lady Braddon, Lady Fyah, Mrs Montgomery, Mrs Kite, Mesdames B. S. Bright, C ’ Barclay, Patterson, G. H. Butler, E. Crowther, Alsop, Norman, McIntyre j Misses Cartwright, Cotmear, Bromley, Lewis, Mason, Evans, Bex; Superintendent Sunday school teachers. Dr. Crouch and Mr Allan McIntyre are Hon. Secretaries, and Mrs Bernard Shaw, Hon. Treasurer. A most enjopfthle entertainment was given, and at the close it wsa announcad that it was decided to continue tbe exhibition this evening, it being considered that it woold be a pity to break up eo soon what had entailed eo many hours of labor, and which reflected credit upon all concerned. P wivbrsitt or Tasnanza.—I t is notified that the commemoiAtion ation dry di ceremony will bo held at tbe Town Hall oa the 16th, inrtnd ot th. Utk Dwambn. liirR Option E ndowment P olicy.—The Mutual Life Icsurunoe Company of New T<>rk to-day advertises what is known as tbeir life option endowment policy. This is a contract payable after th e lapse of a certain number of yearn, or a t prior death, but one that may a t the option of the insured be converted into an investment paying 3 j per oent. per annum interest upon aU moneys left with the Company, which would in this event bo payable at tbe death of the insured. Or the holder of this policy could purchase with the moneys ceding to him an annuity foi a much la *ger amount than would otherwise be obts anble, which would be payable to him fo' tbo rest of life, tbuB practically solvintb i mucb vpx d KQd canvassed question of ** Old Age Pensions/' This grand company do'S not believe in tbe practice followtd by the Australian offices, of making advances against a policy, aB this beyond question leads to a large per cenfcage of Lpses, but applies to this plan, as to all others, the principle of giving a fuJly paid-up policy for a prop irtionate amount, in the eventof the insured being unable to keep up the premium payments. Colonial Customs.—Throughout Australia, from the Customs point of view, the month of October was a somewhat noteworthy period. In the aggregate the colonies show a large advance in the revenue from both Customs and Excise, as compared with the month of October in the prevtrus year. As regards Customs collect ’ 'ns, Victoria bad an increase of £26,629, Queensland an increase of £19,797, and South Australia aud Tasmania increases respectively of £6033 and '£4343. On tbe other band. New S<>nth Wales bad a decnwse of £6609, aud West Australia a decree's of £7026. The following werethe to*al Customs collections during last month and the corresponding month of 1897, for each colons:—Victoria, £1G2,679 and £ 186,050; New South Wales, £93,388 and 4.98 947; Queensland, £111,903 and £92,106; ~outh Ansttalia, £40.056 and 443 423 s We*t Australia, £72,966 and £79,992; Tasmania, £37.684 and £38,841 With regard to Excise, every colony exbibite an increase, Victoria baring received £27.342, instead o* £24,482, an increase of £2860; Now Sot th Wales, £26,908, inre a d of £23.994, an increase of £1924; Queensland, £11,992. instead of £10,771, an increase of £1221; South Australia, £3191, instead of £2988, an increase of £203; West Australis, £2664, instead of n il; and Tasm&nia;, £1681, instead of £1496, a s increase of £386. Trinity College, London—Mr Charles Edwards, L. Mrs., T.C.L rhaa forwarded to the President of the local centre, tbe Hon. W. H. Bargees, an interim report of the practical examinations held in Hohrrt Tuesday last. Tbe results are as follow Senior Division—Organ playing: Miss Annie Murray, pupil of Mr Arundel Orchard, pa e. Violin playing: Keith Murray A)ear, pupil of Mr Lionel Alexander, pahs. Intermediate Division—Violin playing—Edith Both Beasley, pupil of Mr Lionel Alexander, pass. Primary Division —Pianoforte playing: Alice Clarke and Charles Dunn, pupils of MiBB Annie Murray, pass ; Elvie Clare McGuffie, pupil of Miss I. B. Carmichael, honors. One candidate was absent through illness, and there were three failures in tbe Intermediate Division. Misbion to tbs Jxws.—“ One of the F aith" writes: — Mr Abiamowitch addressed a public meeting a t tbe Town Hall last evening before a fairly large audience, bis subject k 3’*ig, *f The Origin and Destiny of Israel." It is perfectly true that the Jews hold to-day that God is an absolute unity. We deny tbe 'trinity. Mr Abr&movitch; rw ertad that a quart.-r ' a million of Jews had embraced Cbt tianity in the Old Country through these missions—I have never heard of that before. But when he stated that in 1 toria 300 Jews follow the customs Christianity, but, for some reasons best known to themselves, do not attend church, I am positive he is not co rect. in thiB, and which I consider a great insnit to the Jewish community of Melbourne; and should he visit Melbourne again, I shall endeavor to have him confronted with the statement he made last night. Mite Vale's Annual Hall.—One of the most enjo cble pls?n and »f~cy dress balls was that given^ in the Victoria Hall last evening by Miss Vale’s pupils, under the superririoj of Miss Vale. About forty couples were on tbe floor, and they presented an exceedingly pretty picture as they moved to and fro in the mazy dance, some of the costumes being very effective and giacaful. The ball was opened with e grand march, which was capitally gone through. The ball was very nicely decorated with flags and ferns, and the balcony was crowded with spectators, Excellent music was supplied by Hopkins1 String Band (under the coudactorship M rT. W. Hopkins). The energetic ca: taker (Mr Georgo Masnn) had the floor splendid condition, aod great praise is due t > Miss Vale for tbe excellent arrangements and particularly to the high state of proficiency attained by her pupils. Dancing ■•■on kept uu to an early hour this morning. School E ntertainment—Last evening the pupils attending Miss He's school gave a capital entertainment in the Temperance Hall before a large and appreciative audience. Vocal and instrumental music, club swinging, floral march, ete., were excellently given reflecting the utmost credit 01 Mrs lies aud her etaff of teachers. Tbe operetta “ Holiday*1 brought an enjoyable evening to a clo3e. St. John’s, Gol^born Stbbit.—A strel co cert wj.- given in S t John'_ Schoolroom last evening in aid of the General Church Food. There was a large sad appreciative eadience, and the following was gone thrm gb iu its entirety:— “ Fantasia on popular songs," Mr G, V. Crippsj “ Mcaley," Company; “ The skipper’s daugh. V 'G - W. Glbbins, jnn. “ Serving ’em all alike," TV^I. Miller, “ Wbispei, and 1 shall hear," Miss Susie Beckett j “ J was on it," Will. Foster; “ Jennie Bell," Will. H arris; “ The wrong ”,aV ’ Mies Alice Chappel; “ The boys up way," W ill.Tiegej “ Maryof Argyle," B. W Padman; “Do buy me tbat,mammi dear," Miss Foster; "T h e sleeping camp J. Cracknell; “ Keep dam golden gatewide open," J. Chaffey; song, “ The fisher boy," miss E. Feareoii; “ Brown’s ghost" “ The gladiator march," Mr G. V. Cripps “ One h u r t divine," Will. Harris *i Listening," MrsC. R aynor; '• It’s alright now," Will. Foster; exhibition of fancy C'Ub swinging, Jaok T ate; song, Miss ■Alice Chappel; “ The country ball at Sligo,” Will. Miller; "Tom and I ’ll go too," Miss Etbel Pearson; “ A pack of cirds,” J. Cracknell; "W hat could tbe poor girl do ?” Mies Fos.er. The whole concluded with a laughrb’e farce entitled “ M rFarrothe Banker." Mr W. Miller to' k the part of lover, M r S. W. Tiege took Mr Farrow, Mis* A. Channel the part of Mrs Farro, W, Foster tbe baby, and J, C"ffry the lover. Mr Cripps made au efficient accompanist through the evening. Sw/rr and Livingston's Clothing beats otters for hard weir, and the prices are the lowest in the city. 41 Mnrray^street. Pistol Practjc* a t a H usband.—I s tbe divorce case at Sydney on Monday, Anthony Colling Brewnlau, surgeon and physician, petitioned for divorce from his wire, formerly Gainscorg, on grounds of adultery with William Frederick Greenaid, ana of habitual dranhejness. Petitioner stated that he was married at Nymsgee. end with his wife, afterwards went to Coolgardie Two or three m oiths after he arrived there he took Greenard, the oo-respndent, into bis home ii almost dying condition from fever, engaged Greenard to do clerical and other work until he secured an Appointment for Inspector of Mines. On one afterkoon he rotunred to the house and found bis wife lying in tbe yard,on a table. the evening he was talking to an acc___ tance in front of the bouse, when be heard bin wifeswr-.r and say, “ Von have stolen my jewellery.” Immediately after she fired a revolver a t him three times, but did not bit him. The polioe arrested her, but he did not prosecute. She said she was ashamed to rournin in the house and asked him to allow her to go to Helena Bay. Later he oausvd enquiries to be made and received certain information regarding her. Evidenoe was given in snpportof the allegations of intoxication and adultery, and a decree nisi was granted on the latter ground. Gtvnastic Display.—To-morrow evening there will be a gymuAstio display in the Temperance Ball. Bn; f*'- yoar , Boots . . where - you —like, --— b at to fS* th® ** V 08 most bay yonr pr»p,ry »t .1 Mnrr»j Swirr u,? P bimitiyx Methodist Sunday School, —A aocio) In oonneotion with this echool* heldfn the schoolroom,Collins street, was. Largely attended. Subsequently a public meeting was held in the church, when an excellent programme consisting of miscellaneous items was submitted, Mr E- Turner,' assistant superintendent, oocup ed the chair. Miss Biggins presided a t the organ. Brief and pithy speeches were mode by Bis Worship tbe Mayor (AJdernw J Biddlestore), Messrs J. Cooper, K. Dudley. I. Johnson, and G. StudJey, and Miss Kley. Mr3 Robinson gave a recitation in goed style. During tbe programme M>s Batber prerented certificates to the successful candidates in the late competitive examination. A special fixture of the meeting was a series of surpris.s that were introduced, consisting of three presentations, the first being made to the Pastor, Bov. H. Bride Barber, which was a photographic group of the teacher of the Sunday School with an enlarged portrait of himself and Mrs Barber In the centre and a view of the church below. Alderman Hiddlestone, in making the presentation, spoke of the attachment of tbe teachers and officers to their minister, and the gift was a token of -**!■ • one of their most treasuredpossessionB. He was proud of being the superintendent minister of the Hobart circuit, and w~ ~ happy in being associated with such hearty, devout and devoted people. The second presentation (another photographic group) was made by tbe pastor to Alderman Hiddlestone, who was the founder of the school, and has been its only superintendent from its inception, The third presentation (another photographic group) was made by Mr B. Dudley to Mr I- Johnson, who for a period of 94 years has been a teacher and officer in the Bchool. The three groups made three elegant picture?, the artistic work of Mr F. C Vine, photographer, Sandy Bay. This interesting meeting was closed with th< Benediction fay the pastor, A Singulab Tragedy,—A sensational tragedy oc -urred a t Bourke, Sydney Friday afternoon, in a little shop occupied fay Mrs Mary Ellen Toohey From whai can be gathered, J. Morrissey, manager of the Women’s Co-operative Laundry, went to Mrs Toohey’s place and called for a glass of ginger beer. Mrs Toohey served the drink, but without taking it Morrissey said, “ I saw that man in the verandah. Be’a at the back now.” Mrs Toohey replied, " No, he is n o t; he had a drink end went right away. I have not seen him since." She then walked from tbe shop into a bedroom. On hearing steps following h -r she looked round, and was then almost deafened by the report of a firearm in close proximity to her head, and could see nothing for a cloud of smoke. She Rt once rushed out of the house and down a lane, fearing that Morrissey was following. She glanced back and eaw Morrissey standing on her verandah with a revolver in his hand. In e police on being informed went to the bense and found that Morrissey had committed suicide by shooting himself in the mouth. The motive of the deed is only too plain; Morrissey had been boarding a t Mrs Toohey’s for the past 18 months, and seems to have formed violent attachment for her. He l peatedly professed love, and implored her to seek a divorce from her husband and to then marry him. Mrs Toohey declined to fall in with his proposals, and told him to find another place to board, which he did- He, however, persisted in urging her to get a divorce and marry him, and her refusal appears to have had a maddening effect. You are invited to Inspect our new shipment, of Straw and Felt Hats, every style and price; the lowest in Hobart. Swift and Livingstone The W ine op J apan.—Saki bos been used in Japan for upwards of 2000 years. It is made from rice, the grain being first steamed and then impregnated with species of ferment. As soon as tbe impregnation has occured, the rice is mixed in water, and submitted to fermentation Tbe yeaet need in tbe fermentation is prepared film straw, on which the Bteamed and impregnated rice is spread out before is prepared for fermentation. Under tbe influence of tbe ferment and the yeast, all of the starch of the rice is taken up, that the product has the character of wine, and is hence called “ rice wizx Saki, when ready for use, contains from 14 per cent to 1G per cent of alcohol, < about five times as strong as our beer. An E xtraordinabt "Woman.—At the Warrnambool police court on Friday morn iug Patrick O’Reilly was oharged with wife desertion. The evidence showed th at five years ago tbe pair separatad by sent, the wife telling him never t o ___ near her again. He went to West Australia and returned recently, and was arrested a warrant issued 1£ months ago. The wife when in tbe witness box created a scene. Addressing the bench, she said, indicating her husband, “ He ought to be hanged ; I'd put the rope round his neck myself. If I were on the bench I’d send him to tbe gftllowe straight." The bench threatened her with imprisonment for contempt, bu she continued for some time to the effect Accused was discharged. Rouleyb WArwoaRB.—This afternoon Bowlej s W rxvo.ksoje edintbeprem kei formerly occupied by the Tasmanian Mews iu M u,.ay street, and the season will be continued afte.noou and evening until farther notice. Tbe wax models are excellent, tbe collection is large, and there ebauld be & steady stream of visitors daily to the exhibition. Butchers* Variety Concert. — On Monday evening next the Butchers' Variety Comwany will give one of their famous prograthmee in the Temperance Hall in aid of the hind for sending the City Band to tbe band contest at Launceston. 