NATASQUA. Dr MRS R.. H. DAVIS. OEAPTER I. 'That was twenty.five years ago, Dick. But there was a secret in that story of your birth that I ken't puzzle out yet. Richard gave the boat an impatient jibe. 'Let's call it a disgrace, and be done with it,' he said, in his abrupt, dogmatic tone. 'A man's a fool that has any mysteries in his life nowa days. Like a chesp play!' Old Inskip pulled up the centre boarduncertainly, and let it down again. His fiogers, with the rest of his spare old body, had hesitated and deliberated all through his tardy life. S'Luff, Dick ! I think I'd like to say a word or two to you before we land.' Richard nodded, and steered the boat out into the channel. He went on for a while, calculating silently how many oysters would be needed for planting next week, and then, glanc ing at the old man's anxious face, his eyes began to twinkle. Ucually he left his old comrade the two or three ,hours he rrquired for the inoubation of an idea; but this subject galled the good- natured young fellow a little, and had better, he thought, be put out of the way at once. ' There's no use of trying to put the word or two so that it won't hurt me, sir. That old story don't matter to me a whit; not the weight of a straw. When I was a romantic oub of fifteen I used rather to hug my self on the idea of being a foundling. But I've no time for such follies now. I've never felt the need of a father or mother.' Inekip rubbed his hairy legs with the palms of his hands. 'Haven't you, Dick?' he hesitated, looking at the other shore. '* God knows I. haven't, sir!' hear tily. Dick clapped his big hand on the other man's shoulder, shaking every bone in his body.. ' Thero's not a young fellow on the coast whose father and mother have done for him what you have done for me. You know that. Now let's be done with :that old matter. As for a father and mother that I never saw, they are not of so much importance to me as-as this boat hero. How could they be ?' Inskip looked at him doubtfully as Dick began to whistle, interrupting himself presently with-' What did did De Cones offer for the oysters ?' ' Two, or two-twenty ?' The boat pushed along muddying and cutting the fungus-like groiwth of seaweeds beneath. Boat or horse must go like steam express under Riohard's guidancd. He would have Sgone post-haste over the Styx; good .atusedly inventing a better tiller for Charon as he went, and giving him gratuitous hints in navigation. In skip, according to his custom, eat watching him, looking, in his base uleg and arms, and leathery shirt and trousers, like a bony continuation of the wooden bow. Nothing could be so manly in his eyes as the boy's broad, bluff figure and decisive face, yet a vague doubt hung hazy in his brain of shallowness. Shallowness, Were oyster beds, and New York trade, and the boat, the real things after all? To the old fisherman, who had never had wife or child, the dim ghosts of this father and mother; the mysterious untold story of birth and death; the inexplicable ~weet danger of love some day coming to Dick, were the actual matters of life. Though, if you were to talk to Inskip for years, he would serve you with no better matter than p?lans for fishing, or thin, pointless stories borrowerd entire from his grandfather, the sole coniribution the oskip family were likely to make to the world of thought. Thier was a necessity for him to speak to the point now, however, and at once, as they were pushing rapidly in.shore. 'I must go back to that old story once more, Richard.' 'Very well, sir. Will you hanl in that sheet?' •'The woman who brought you here said your mother and father were dead. She did not tell even me more than that, though she knew I would take you when she died. Three years ago I had a letter, sending money. It was from your mother." 'What did you do with it?' aharply. ' I sent it back, Richard.' 'Right.' Dick began to whistle again, to keep his tongue still. He would not approach Inekip.. But, with his propenaity for managing other psople's' affais, it was hard on •him that-his own should have been taken out of his.hands. He would have liked to deal with this woman who had entailed her guilt on him at birth, deserted l~im till now, and was ouming thus late to shame him. ' There is something else, Richard. I had a letter from her the other day. It was not dated norsigned. It only said that your mother would be here t"his summer, and begged that you would not leave the boesohb.' Dich for a while sillently piulled and two,*ed his .ropes. 'If she comes, leave me to meet her,' he said at last, quietly. He did not ask to see the letter, but jumped on shore. 'I'll go and settle that job with De Conee,' nodding good-bye, pleasantly, as he welded off. '1 hi'lbusmess of his mother he had also setled and set saide. Iwekip looked after him with a queer, q?uizzinal smili. Were love and pars?ion, reorsers, death itoelf--jobs whicrh Dick could attack with his shrewd eyes, and hat cocked on one aide-sort, mb ,l, and clap on the aself as tiloehed? The old man ould not puL his thoughts into words, even to hin,?,elf, l,ult resrmambered vaguely a orpeater hle had seen once finishing cff ~ta lot of cofflws, dismissing eaoh svlh a od of shtiefaction. He loos. ensed the sail and drifted out into the current, while Dick's stout, swinging figure, in its eac and trousers of brown tweed, and jaunty cap atop, went steadily across the marsh, in sharp relief against the far horizon. It seemed to have absorbed into itself all the energy of the hot, sleoping landscape. The Natasqua hardly deserves to be called a river. It is one of those openidgs into t` e rocky coast through which the sea stretches its groping fingers on the hills, and lays upon them the spell of its own loneliness and quiet. Irskip floated along the banks of red clay which edged the water; the wind hardly stirred the bit of blue tape hanging down from his hat; the fields of feathery wild carrot belting the shore glared white in the afternoon sun; the brownish ledges of hills rose, tier beyond tier, shutting him in from a world of which he never had known any thing, 'and the water, tea-coloured on the sur face, and cold and brackish on the hottest day, sank in sombre, impene trable depths beneath him. It was one of those out-of-the way corners of the world where nature seems to carry on her secret, silent vrocesses of heal ing and of .birth ;where we dimly know that, if our souls were cleaner and eyes clearer, we might come some day suddenly upon the great mother, unawares, at her eternal renewing work. 'It's curious,' thought Insekip, ' that the boy kin think of tradin' in oysters here.' Dick, being an educated man, could have put the peculiar meaning of the place into better words-if he had ever seen it. But he never had. Inskip paddled along, thinking, if Dick's mother could meet him here, all would go well between them: her. sin would somehow fall off from her; the boy's heart would go out to her full of love and forgiveness. The place was awful in its inexpressible beauty and quiet; he felt vaguely that human souls in it lay bare and naked before God. The old fellow, who was chosen by the men there abouts to settle their disputes, be cause of his dry, shrewd sense, was full of a lax, pitiful tenderness for all women-folks, for which the sharp nosed, contented fishermen's wives seldom made call upon him. He had fallent into the habit, therefore, for years, of prosing to himself about this unknown mother of Dick's, and lavish ing it upon her, set apart, as she was, from others, by a great crime and a great punishment. . Dick, jumping over the fences of the marsh looked at theaffair ina dif ferent light. It was not an uncoom mon thing, he knew, out in the world, for a certain class of children to be put out of the way; he might be thankful that he had not been dis posed of in a more summary fashion. And Master Dick was quite aware of the loss to the world if he had been choked off prematurely in his cradle. He had not done badly with his life so far, beginning as the charity child of a poor orab-fisher; what with a turn as peddler, photographer, school and book at every moment that could be spared from work-and now his oyster and clam farms, in which he had at least become master and di rector. 'The land belongs to the man with money:' he had told Ineskip, 'but the water to the man with wit to use it.' Dick's course brought him to the river again, which made a sudden turn, as sharp as a V. The sun was down by this time. The cedars, grey with their gummy berries, began to gloom in the cool shadows. There weas a bar of rippling, golden light across the water. On the yellow sands a woman was picking up kelp. Dick went up to her. ' It dries into different shades of brown, they tell me,' said she, by way of good evening. ' Very likely. I don't know. It makes poor manure. Though I have an idea, kicking it critically, 'if the essence was extracted, as they do with moss-bunkers-' Dick stopped with an awkward laugh. For the first time in his life, perhaps, it occurred to him that the wisdom and information with which he was brimful was overflowing inopportunely, though the girl's soft eyes were fixed on him attentively. ,'What does she know of moss. bankers or manure either ' sitting down to watch her. The dark water behind her slowly kindled into a sheet of pale colour- subdued pink and violet; a blue heron swooped down black and sharp over the glassy sur. face, and was gone; the locusts droned on in an unknown tongue their song of sleep and summer. Her walk up and down the beach was leisurely and drowsy; the soft brown bathing drvess clung to her rounded limbs; there was an edge of scarlet about her full white throat and uncoiled hair; now and then she held up a weed or shell, asking him to praise it with her smiling, appealing ejes. The wobmn and all that she owned were made to be praised and petted, Dick thought, witn a novel compassionate swelling at his heart, which he had never given before to any helpless baby. The opaline water, the heaps of ash. coloured kelp, the unsen wailing sea, were only manure and fishing ground to Dick; but the sense of beauty, the new feeling of rbst akin to pain which came to old Insekip through them, had reacehed this full.blooded, dogmatic young fellow through the girl, othe first time in his life.. Dick's life threatened to be a stifling chamber of trade and barter; but there would be one crack at least through which the light coild creep that lay in broad, unprisd sunshiae about some other men. Dick was ready enough in dealing with men; he had a simple, down right habit of knowing his rights, and taking them, which blunted the sharpest New York traders; but of women and society he knew no more than he did of babies ; looked, indeed, upon them as denizens of an over grown nursery. He did not notice that the dress which clung to this woman was of delicate make and stuff, as high bred and esthetic in its way as a fine picture. He knew that she was one of the city people" who canme down for a whim to tent on the beach. Two or three days before he had found her too far out in Inskip'a boat, try ing to crab, and had waded out and pulled her to shore, explaining her mistake as they went. ' I am Richard Dort,' he said, as he climbed up, dripping, on to the bank to helj her out. She looked at him. She had been going to thank him, but she only said instead, 'I am Romaine Vaux,' and went on to the tent. Miss Vaux's eyes looked at everybody with the same babyish, soft appeal; but the jcculiarity about them was that you could not shake them off when she was gone. They stayed with Dick oddly; he fancied them steady and searching; weighing, labelling him at his value. Richard had met her once or twice since, and they had talked of the fishing and marl. It was growing dark when she tied her help into a bundle; the jelly-fish, in luminous blobs, roseshere and there in the sheet of black water, kernels of soft white fire. 'I. must go home,' she said. It seemed quite natural to Richard to walk beside her, and he did it naturally, as few city-bred men would have the art to do. To be sure, she was not like the raw-boned women he knew, in their sleazy pink calicoes, but as for any difference of rank between her and them-it never occurred to him that there was any. He was a man, and they were women; that was all there was about it. They came in sight of the tents. Natasqua beach was the fashion that summer in the New York to which the Vauxes belonged. There was a gay little camp on the sands, beside a cottage in which boarders were taken. * That is my father's-Major Vaux's-tent, beside which the fire is burning.' 'I will giie the colonel some hints, then, about puilding his fire to lee ward,' said Dick. Mliss Vaux smiled and nodded to the strollers they met, who glanced furtively at the young crab-fisher beside her, with his bare feet and cool, good humoured swagger. Dick, meanwhile, was wondering if his mother was among any of these groups. She was most probably a servant or housekeeper, whom some of the city people had brought down. What it she were to come out and proclaim the shame of his birth before Romaine? He had not felt before bow the girl had embodied to him all there was of chasteness and? modesty in the world. 'I think I will go back,' he said, stopping short, a fierce throb at his heart. 'I want you to go on with me,' with amused twist in her babyish mouth. She had told her stepmother that very afternoon about Dick. She told her everything; coloured, altered, lied a little sometimes, to amuse the meagre, anxious little woman, who found it suchbhard work for her tired legs to keep step with that corps of heavy dragoons-MaIjor Vaux and his four sons. 'The crab-fisher, after he had dragged me to land, told me his name quite as if we had been equals,' she had said; ' and I began to think we were.' ' You ought to be careful, Romy,' piped Mrs. Vaux. ' Your dear father might not like such an acquaintance. He could not possibly' make any use of a man like that. Could he ?' Romy made no answer. She held her stepmother's hand between her own plump pink panlms, stroking it. The thin, blue-nailed fingers were loaded with showy rings. Mrs. Vaux, who would have been draped in drab if she had her way, were an inexplicable clothing of scarlet and green, flying fringes, tassels, and Arab mantle, wisps of false hair hanging dishevelled, ac. cording to the highest art of the coiffeur, about her lean, rasped face. ' Do you like this costume, Romy ?' she said, anxiouly. 'It was one of those your dear father designed him self, and ordered from Storm. He said the colours would suit the clear sky to-day.' 'Nothing in it is so becoming as your wearing it, mother,' she said gently. 'How was Storm paid, by. the-by ?' 