THE Ijjtekd jSrulal By ,Mbs. G. Sheldon, AnthoreM of "Dorothy's Jewels/1 CHAPTER XXX VI II — (Continued). An houTj passed, daring which Mrs Goddard lay where she had fallen and almost benumbed by her misery. Then there came a Jcnock upon her door, which was immediately opened, and Mr Goddard entered the room. He was still very pale, bat gr&ye; and self-contained. The woman started to a sitting posture, yrlaiming in an nnnatnral voice — 41 What do yon want here ?" 11 X have come, Anna, to talk over with yon the events .of the morning— to ask yon to try and control yourself, and look at oar pecnliar situation with calmness and practical common sense," he calmly replied. " Weil ?" was all the response she vouchsafed, -as he paused an instant. 41 1 have not come to offer any excuse for znysell, or for what yon overheard rhiR morning," he thoughtfully resumed ; indeed X have none to offer — my whole life, I own, has, as Isabel rightly said, been a failure t.hnw far, and no one eave myself is to blame for the fact. Do not sneer, Anna," he interposed, as her lips curled back from hex dazzling teeth, which he saw very tightly locked with the effort ahe was making at self-control. "I have been thoroughly humiliated for the firBt time in my life — I have been made to bbo my b elf aa I am, and X have reached a point where I am willing to make an effort to atone, as far aa may be, for some of the wrongs of which I have been guilty. Will yon help me, Anna 1" Again he paused, bat this time his companion did not deign to avail herself of the opportunity to reply, if indeed she was able to do so. She had not once removed her glitter ing eyes from hin face, and her steady, inscrutable look gave hitn an uncanny sensation that was anything but agree able, 41 1 have come to propose that we avail ourselves of the only remedy that seems practicable to relieve our pecnliar situa tion," he continued, seeing she was waiting for him to go on. 44 1 will apply to have the tie which binds me to Isabel annulled, with all possible secrecy— it can be done in the West without any notoriety ; then I will make yon my legal wife, as yon have so often asked me to do, and wo will go abroad again, where we will try to live out the remainder of our livBB to some better purpose tha,n wa have dotie nerttoMNL i aak yougainrvtil you try to help me 3 It is not going to be an easy thing at first ; but if each will try, for the sake of the other, X believe \- we can yet -attain comparative content if not positive happiness.'' "Content! happiness /" The words were hissed oat with a fierceness of passion that startled him and caused him to regard her anxiously. "Happinea!" she repeated. "Ha! ha ! what mockery in the Bound of that word from your lips, after what has occurred to-day t" 44 1 know that yon have cause to be both grieved and angry, Anna," said Gerald Goddard, humbly; "hut let ub both put the past -behind on— let us wipe out all old scores, and from this day begin a new life." " 4 Begin a new life ' upon a heap of asheB, without one spark among them to ignite the smallest flame 1" Waa the mock ing rejoinder. Then, with a hurst of agony, she -continued : "Oh, God I if yon had taken a dagger and stabbed me to death in that room to.day, you could not have slain me more effectually thp by the words you have uttered. Begin a new life with you, after your confessions, your pleadings, and protestations to Isabel Stewart Haven 1 Never / I hate you ! hate yeu / hate you 1 with all the strength of my Italian blood, and warn you beware / And .now, begone V The woman looked like a maniac, as she poured - this wild torrent npon him, and the man saw that she was in no mood . to be reasoned with or to consider any subject ; that it would be wiser to wait natil the fierceness of her anger had spent itself. He had broached the matter of their fature relations, thus giving her some thing to think of, and now he would leave her to meditate npon it by herself ; perhaps, in a few days, Bhe would be in a more reasonable frame of mind, and look at the sabject from a different point of view. 44 Very well, Anna," he said, as he arose, 44 1 will obey you. 1 do not pretend to claim that I have not given yon cause to feel aggrieved in many respects ; bat, as I have already said. uiat is past. 1 a imply ask you to do what I also will do — put all the old life behind ub, and begin over again. I realise that we cannot discuss the question to any purpose now — we are both too wrought up to think or talk calmly, so I will leave yon to rest, and we will speak of this at another time. Can I do anything for you before I go? or perhaps you would like your maid sent to you 44 No," Bhe aaid briefly, and not once having removed her wild eyes from his lace while he-waB speaking. Ho bowed, and passed oat of the room, softly shutting, the door after him, then walked Blowly down the hall to his own apartment. The moment he was gone Anna Goddard sprang like a cat to her feet. Going to her writing-desk she dashed off a few lines, which she hastily folded snd slipped into an envelope, which Bhe sealed and addressed She then touched the electric button above her desk to summon her maid, after which she sat motionless, with the missive clasped in her hands until the girl appeared. 44 Dress yourself for the street, Mary, and take this note to Mr Clayton's office. Be quick about it, for it is a matter of importance," she commanded, while she forced herself to speak with outward calmness. But Mary regarded her mistress with wonder, for, in all her 4< tantrums," as she farmed them, she had never seen the awful look upon her faoe which was stamped upon it at that moment. Bat rim took the note without comment, and hastened away npon her errand, while Mrs Goddard, throwing herself back in her chair, sat there writing with an air of expectation that betrayed she was looking for the appearance of some pne. Half an hour lstor a gentleman was .uiuittcd to the house, arid was shown ii- ectly up to my lady's boudoir. CHAPTER XXXIX. r.i:COHDS 80ATE STARTLING DEVELOPMENTS. The gentleman caller referred to in the 1 . a t chkpeer, was closeted with Mrs Cuddard for fully two hours, when he quietly left the house. A few minutes later, however, he re- turned, accompanied by two other men — dorks from a neighbouring drug Btore — whom he admitted with a latch-key, and then conducted them np to Mrs Goddard's boudoir. The strangers did not remain long — whatever their errand, it was soon fininhed, and they departed as silently as they had come Mr Clayton remained Bome time longer, conversing with the mistress of the house, but their business being finally concluded, he also went away, bearing a package of papers with him. Emil Correlli returned juBt in season for dinner, which, however, he was obliged to partake of alone, b .Mr and Mrs Goddard did not make their appear ance at the table. The young man paid slight heed to ceremony, but, after earing a hasty meal, sought his Bister and informed her that he was going to Btart for New York on the late evening train. The woman gave him one wild startled glance, and seemed strangely agitated for a moment over hiR announcement. He could not fail to notice hBr emotion, and that she was exceedingly pale. 44 You look like a ghost, Anna," he re marked, as he searched her face with some anxiety. 44 What is ths matter with you 3 I fear you are going to be ilL" 44 1 am zlJ,"riia aaid, in a. hoarse, un natural toue. 44 Then let me call you physician," said her brother, eagerly, 41 1 am going out immediately, and'will leave a meuage for him." 4k No — no," she nervously replied ; then with a hollow laugh, that smote heavily upon her companion's heart, she added : fl My case is beyond the reach of Doctor Hunt or any other physician.'' 44 Anna, have you been, quarrelling with Gerald again P" 41 Yes," was the brief response. Well, of coune I can understand that such matters are beyond the skill of any physician," aaid the young zn&n;, with a half-Impatient shrug of his shoulders; 41 neither have I any business to interfere between you," he added ; 44 but my advice to you would be to make it up as soon as possible, and then try to live peacefully in the future. I do not like to leave you looking so whits and miserable, but I muBt go. Take good care of your self, and 1 shall hope to find you better and happier when 1 return/' He bent down to give her a farewell caress, and was amazed by the passion she manifested in returning it. ShB threw her arms around his neck and held him in a convulsive embrace, while Bhe quivered from head to foot with repressed emotion. She did not utter one word of farewell, bnt a wild sob burst from her 3 then, as if Bhe could bear no more, she pushed him from herand rushed into her chamber, shutting and locking the door behind her. Emil Correlli left the boudoir, a puzzled expression on his handsome face ; for, althoogh his sister was subject to strange attacks, he had never seen her like thiB before. f4 Anna will come to grief some day with that cursed temper of hers," be mattered, as he went to his room to pack his portmanteau, but he was too intent upon his own affairs to dwell long upon even the trouble of his sister, and a couple of hoars later was on his way to New York, to begin his search for his runaway bride. The next morning Mrs Goddard was 41 too ill to rise," she told her maid, when she came at the usual hour to her door. Bhe would not admit her, bat sent word by her to her husband that she could not join Mm at breakfast. He went np, later, to see if she would allow him to call a physician for her, but she would not see him, simply tolling him she 44 would do well enough without advice— all she needed was rest, snd she did not wish to be disturbed by any one until she rang." Feeling deeply disappointed and de pressed, by her unusual obstinacy, the wretched mnn went down stairs, and shut himself into the library, where ho remained all day, while there was sach a lonolinesB and desolatonese about the house that even the servants appeared to feel it, and went about with solemn faces and almost stealthy steps. Conld any one have looked behind those closed doors he could not have failed to fiave experienced a pity for the eiah ; for if ever a human soul went down into the valley of humiliation, Gerald Goddard aonnded its uttermost depths, while he battled alone with all the powers of evil that beset his boqL When night came he was utterly ex hausted, and songht his couch, looking at least ten years older th«n he had appeared forty-eight hours previous. He slept heavily and dreamleasly, and did not awake until late, when an impera- tive knock upon the door and a voice, 1"1 caused him to spring suddenly from his bed, and impressed 64 a sense of impending oviL What is it, Mary 1" he inquired, upon recognising the voice of his wife's znaid. Oh, bit ! Come I— come to madame ; she is very ill!" cried the girl in a frightened tone. "I mil be there immediately. Send Jamea for the doctor, and then go back her' commanded her master, aa be hurnealy began to dresB. Five minutea later he waa in hia wife'a room to find her lying npon the lounge jnat as he had aeon her thirty-aix hodra previous. It was evident that ahohad not been in bed at all for two nights, for ahe atill had on the same dreaa that ahe had worn at the Copley Square Hotel. , . r x" ucaLU on iier white face ; her eyes were glazed, and though only partially closed, it was evi dent that she saw nothing. She was still breathing, but faintly and irregularly. Her hands were icy cold, and at the base of the nails there was the unmistakable tint that indicated approaching dissolution. Gerald Goddard was shocked beyond measure to find her thus, but he rose to the occaaion. With his own handB and the assis tance of the maid, ho removed her cloth ing, then wrapped her in blankets and put her in bed, when ho called for hot water bottles to place around her, hoping thus by artificial heat to qaicken the sluggish circulation and her failing pulses. Bnt, apparently, there was no change in her, and when the physician came and made his examination, he told then1 plainly that 44 no effort could avail — it was a case of sudden heart fail ore, and the end was but a question of moments." Mr Goddard was horrified and stricken with remorse at this hopeless verdict, for it scumnd to him thnt he was in a measure accountable for the untimely shuck Wat fast depriving of life this woman who had loved him so passionately, though unwieely. Be put his lips to her ear and called hei by name. 44 Anna 1 Anna 1 You tnj/sf try to arojae yourself," he cried, in a voice of agony. At first the appeal seemed to produce no effect, but after several attempts he thought he detected a gleam of intelli gence in thB almost sightless eyes, while the cold fingerB resting on his band made an effort to close over his. These alight sounds convinced him that though Bhe waa past the power of speech, she yet knew him and clang to him, in spite of the clutch which the relentless enemy of all mankind had laid upon her. 4 4 Doctor, she knowsme )"he exclaimed. 44 Pray give her. some atimnlant to arouse her dormant faculties, if only for a mo ment." 44 I fear it wilLbe of no nac," the phy sician replied, 44 out I will try." He hurriedly prepared and administered a powerful restorative ; then they waited with broathleaa interest for .soveral mo ments for some sign of improvement. It came at last : she began to breathe a trifle more regularly; the aet features beoame a little leas rigid, and the pulse a shade /Stronger, until finally the white lids were lifted and the dying woman j turned her eyes with a pitiful expression of appeal upon the man whom, even in death, she Jitih -adored. 44 Leave us alone !" commanded Gerald Goddard, in a hoatae whisper, and phy sician and servants stole noiselessly from the room. 44 Anna, yon know me — you understand what I am saying 7 the wretched mari then questioned. A slight pressure from the cold fingers was the only reply. 44 You know that yon are dying V he pursued. Again that faint sigh of assent, 44 Then, dear, let as be at peace before you go," he pleaded, gently. My soul bows in humiliation and remorse before yoa ; for years I have wronged you, I wronged you in those first days in Rome. I have no excuse to offer. 1 simply tell yon that my spirit is crushed within me aa I look back and realize all that I am accountable for. I would have been glad to atone, as far as waa in my power, could yon have lived to share my future. Give me some sign of forgiveness to tell ttir that you retract those last bitter words of hate — to let me feel that in this final mement we part in peace.7' At hia pleading a look of agony dawned in the woman's failing eyes — a look so pitiful in its yearning and despair that the strong man broke down and sobbed from sorrow and -contrition ; but the sign he had begged for was not given. 14 Oh, Anna 1 pray show me, in some way that you will not die hating me," he pleaded. 44 Forgive — oh, forgive !" At thoBO last words those almost pal sied fingers closed convulsively over his ; the look of agony in those duaky orbs was superseded by one of adoration and tenderness ; a faint expression of some thing like peace crept into the tenBe lines about the drawn mouth, and the repen tant watcher knew that ahe would not go out into the great unknown bearing in her heart a relentless hatred against him. That effort waB the last flicker of the expiring flame, for the white lids drooped" over the dark eyes ; the cold fingers re laxed their hold, and Gerald Goddard knew the end had almost come. He touched the bell, and the physician almost inBt&ntly; re- entered the room. 41 It is almost over," he remarked, as he went to the bedside, and his practised hand sought her pulse. Even as he spoke, her chest heaved once —then again, and all waa still. Who shall describe the misery that surged over Gerald Goddard's soul aa he looked upon the still form and realised that the grandly beautiful woman, who fcr twenty years had reigned over his home, was no more ? that never again would he hear her voice, either in words of fond adoration or in passionate anger ; never see her again, arrayed in the costly apparel and gleaming jewels which ahe so loved, mingling with the gay people of the world, or graciously entertaining guests at her own house ? He felt almost like a murderer, for, in spite of Dr. Hunt's verdict that she had died of 44ksudden heart failure/' he feared that the poor woman had been ao crushed by what she had overheard in Isabel Stewart's apartments that she had volun tarily ended her life. It was only a dim suspicion — a vague impression, for there was not the slightest evidence of anything of the kind, and he would never dare to give voice to it to any human being ; never theless, it preaaed heavily upon his sonl with a sense of guilt that waB almost in tolerable. A message waa immediately sent flying over the wires to Now York to inform XI mil Correlli of the sad news, and eight hours later, ho was back in Boston crushed for the time by the loss of the sister for whom he entertained perhaps the purest love of which hia selfish heart was capable of experiencing. We will not dwell upon the harrowing events of the next few days. Suffice it to say that society, or that portion of it that had known the brilliant Mrs Goddard, waB greatly shocked by the sudden death of oue of its %4 brightest ornaments," and gracefully mourned her by covering her costly c&Bket; with choicest flowers ; then closed up its ranks and went ita way trying to forget the pale charger which they knew would come again and again upon its grim errand. The day .following Anna Goddard's interment in Forest Hill Cemetery Mr Goddard and his brother-in-law were waited upon fay the well- known lawyer, Arthur Clayton, who informed them that he had au important communication to make to them. j wn ciays previous 10 ner aeatu 1 received this note from Mrs Goddard," he remarked, at the same time handing a daintily perfumed mLsBivo to the elder gentleman. In it you will observe that she aaka mo to come to her immediately. 1 obeyed her, and fouod her looking very ill, and seemingly greatly distressed in body and mind. She told me she waa impressed that she had not long to live — that Bhe had an affection of the heart that warned her to put her affairs in order. She desired mo to draw up a will at once, according to her instructions, and have it signed and witnessed before I left the house. ./.I did so, calling in at her request two witDesBeB from a neigh boring drug store, after which she gave the will into my keeping, to be retained until her death. This 1b the document, gentlemen," he remarked, in conclusion, 41 and here, also, is another communica tion, which she wrote herself, and directed me to hand it to you, sir/1 He arose and passed both the will and the letter to Mr Goddard, who had seemed greatly agitated while he was speaking. lie simply took the letter, remarking : 44 Since yon are already acquainted with the contents of the will, sir, will you kindly read it alond in onr presence 7" JVlr Clayton flushed slightly as he bowed acquiescence. The document proved to be very short and to the point, and .bequeathed every thing that the woman had posaeazed — 41 excepting what the law would , allow as Gerald Goddard's right "-—to her beloved brother, Fmile Correlli, who was re quested to pay to the servants certain amounts which she named. That was all, and Mr . .Goddard knew that in the heat of her anger against him she had made this rash disposition of her property — as ahe had the right to do, since it had all been settled npon her— - to be revenged upon him by leaving him nlircly dependent upon his own ro- At first ho experienced a severe Bhock .it her act, for the thought of poverty waa anything but agreeable to him. He had lived a life of idleness and pleasure for so many years that it would not be an eaay matter for hitn to give np the many luxuries to which he had been accustomed without a thought or care concerning their cOBt. But after the first feeling of dismay had passed, a sense of relief Look .posses sion of him ; for, with his suspicions regarding tho cause of Annas death, he could never have known one moment of comfort in living upon her fortune, even had she left it unreservedly to him rather than to her brother. Emilo Correlli was made sole executor of the estate ; and, as there was nothing further for Mr Clayton to do after read ing the will, he quietly took hiB depar ture, leaving the two men to discuss it at their leisure. CHAPTER XL. 44 YOU WELL VACATE THESE PREMISES AT YOUR EARLIEST CONVENIENCE." 44 Well, Gerald, I must confess this is rather tough on you 1" Monsieur Correlli remarked, in a voice of undis guised astonishment, aa soon as the lawyer disappeared. 4 1 call it down right shabby of Anna to have left you ao in the lurch. 44 It doeB not matter," returned the elder man, but somewhat coldly ; for, despite his feeling of relief over the disposition of her property, he experienced a tinge of jealousy towards the more fortunate heir, whose pity was ex cessively galling to him nndcr the circum stances. Although the two men had quarreled juBt before Monsieur Correlli's departure for New York, all ill-feeling had been ignored io view of their common loss and sorrow, and each had conducted himself with a courteous bearing toward the ether during the last few days. 41 What in the world do you suppose possessed her to make such a will ? the young man inquired, while he searched his companion's face with keen scrutiny. 44 And how strange that she should have imagined all of a sudden that ahe was going to die, and ao put her affairs in order 1" Mr Goddard aawthathehad no suspicion of the real state of things, and he had no intention of betraying any secrets if he could avoid doing so. No one — not even her own brother — should ever know that Anna had not been hiB wife, He would do what he could to shield her memory frOm every reproach, and no one should ever dream that — he could not divest himself of the suBpicion — aho had died wilfully. Therefore, he replied with apparent frankness : 41 1 think I can explain why Bhe did ao. On the day of our return from Wyomiog, Anna and I had a more serious quarrel than usual ; I never b&w; her bo angry as she was at that time ; she even wont so far as to tell mo that Bhe hated me ; and , so, I presume, in the heat of her anger, she resolved to cut me off with the proverbial shilling to be revenged upon 14 Well, she has done bo with a ven geance," muttered his brother-in-law. 41 1 went to her afterward and tried to make it up," his companion, resumed, 44 but she would have nothing to say to me. She waa looking very ill, also, and when the next morning she sent me word that she was not able to join me at break fast, I went again to her door and begged her to allow me to send for Doctor Hunt, but &he;«would not even admit me. ' 44 What was this quarrel about V " Oh, almost all our quarrels have been about a certain document which has long been a bone of contention between ub, and this one was an outgrowth from the same subject." 44 Was that document a certificate of marriage ?" craftily inquired Lmil Cor relli. 41 Yea." 44 Gerald, were you ever really married to Anna 1 11 demanded the young man, bending towards him with an eager look. His companion flushed hotly at the question, and yet it assured him that ho did not really know just what relations his Bister had sustained towards him. 44 Isn't that a very singular question, Emil ? " ho inquired, with a cool dignity that waa very effective. 44 What led you to ask it ? " 44 Something that Anna heranlf one said to me suggested the thoaght," Emil replied. 44 1 know, of course, the cir cumstances of your early attachment — that for her you left another woman whom you had taken to Rome. I once asked Anna the same question, but Bhe would not answer me directly — ahe evaded me in a way to confirm my sus picions rather than to allay them. And now this will — it seems very strange that Bhe Bhould have made it if - '' 4 "Pray, Emil, do not distress yourself over anything so absurd," coldly inter posed Gerald Goddard, bnt with almost haeloss lips. 44 However, if yoa continue to entertain doubts upon the flabject, you have but to go to the Church of the — the next, time yon visit Rome, ask Co see tho records for the year 18 — , and you will find the marriage of your sister recorded there." 44 Z beg your pardon," apologised the doubter, now fully re&aBured; by the above shrewdly fashioned answer, 41 but Anna was always so infernally jealous of you, and made herself ao wretched over the fear of losing your affection, that I could think of no other reason for her foolish ness. Now, about thie will," he added, hastily changing the subject, and referring to the document. " I don't feel quite right to have all Anna's fortune, in addi tion to my own, and no doubt tho poor girl vsonld have repented of her rash act if ahe could have lived long enough to get over her anger and realise what she waa doing. I don't need the money, and, Gerald, I am willing to make over some thing to you, especially aa I happen to know that you have sunk the moat of your money in unfortunate speculations," the young man concluded, Mr Goddard's sad, white face appealing to hisgeneroBity in spite of their recent difference. 44 Thank you, Emil," he quietly re plied, 44 but I cannot accept your very kind offer Since it was Anna's wish that you should have her property, I prefer that the will should stand exactly ae keB made it. I cannot take any of tho money — not even what 4 the law would allow/ in view of our relations to each other." Those last words were uttered in a tone of peculiar bitterneaB that caused Mon sieur CorTolli to regard him curiously. 44 Pray do not take it to heart like that, old boy," he aaid kindly, after a moment, "and let me persuade you to accept at least a few thousands/' 44 Thank you, but I cannot. Please do not press the matter, for my decision is unalterable." 44 But how tho deuce are you going to get along 7 " questioned the young man. 44 I shall manage very well," was the grave rejoinder. 44 1 have a few hundreds which will saffice for my present needs and, if my hands have not loBt their can ning, I can abundantly provide for my future by means of my profession. By the way, what are your own plans 7 if I may enquire." He conoluded to change the snbject. The young man paled at the question, and an angry frown settled upon his brow. 44 1 am going to retarn immediately to New York — I am bound to find that girl," ho said, with an air of sullen resolution. 44 Then you were not successful in your search," Mr Goddard remarked, dropping his lids to hide the flash of satisfaction that leaped into hia eyes at the words. 41 No, and yes. I found out that she arrived safely in New York, where she was met by a young lawyer — Royal Bryant by name— who immediately spi rited her away to some place after dodg ing the policeman I had set on her track. I surmise that he has put her in the care of some of hia own friends. I went to him and demanded that be tell me where she was, bnt I might just aa well have tried to extract information from a stone as from that astute disciple of the law. JJe finally intimated that my room would be better than my company, and that I might hear from him later on." 44 Ah 1 he has doubtless taken her case in hand- Bhe has chosen him ai her attorney," said Mr Goddacd. 44 It lookB like it," snapped the young man ; 44 but he will not find it an easy matter to tree her from me ; the marriage was too pnblic and too shrewdly man aged to be successfully contested/' 44 It was the most shameful and das tardly piece of villainy that I ever heard of," exclaimed Gerald Goddard, indig nantly, 44 and " 44 And you evidently intend to take the girls part against me," sneered his com panion, his anger blazing forth hotly. 44 If I remember rightly, yon rather ad mired her yourself," 44 1 certainly did ; she was one of the purest and sweetest girls I ever met," was the dignified reply. 44 Emil, yoa have not a ghost of a chance of support ing your claim if the matter comes to trial, and I beg that you will quietly relinquish it without litigation," ho con cluded, appealingly. 44 Not if I know myself," waa the defiant retort. 44 Bnt that farce waa no marriage." 44 All the requirements of the law were fulfilled, and I fancy that anyone who attempts to prove to the contrary will find himself in deeper water than will be comfortable, in spite of your assertion that I 4 have not a ghost of a chance/ " 41 Possibly, but I doubt it. All the same, I warn yoa, here and now, Cor relli, that I shall nse what inflneace I have toward freeing that beautiful girl from your power," Mr Goddard affirmed, with an air of determination not to be mistaken. 44 Do you mean it — yon will publicly appear against me if the matter goes into court 7" 44 1 do." The young man appeared to be in a white rage for a moment ; then, snapping his fingers defiantly in his companion's face, he cried ; 44 Do your worst ! I do not fear you you can prove nothing/' 44 No, I have no absolute proof, but I can at least give the court the benefit of my suspicions and opinion." What! and compromise your dead wife betore a scandal-loving public ? ' 4 Emil, if Anna could spe&k; at this moment, I believe she would tell the truth horaelf, aud save that innocent and lovely child from a fate which 10 her must 1 seem worse than death," Mr Goddard solemnly asserted. 44 Thank you— you are, to Bay the least, not very flattering to me in your comparisons," angrily retorted Monsieur CDrrelii, aa he sprang from hiw chair and moved toward the door. He stopped as he laid his hand opon the silver knob and turned a white, vin dictive face upon the other. ' 4 Well, then, ' he said, between hin white, set teeth, 41 since you have deter mined to take this stand against me, it will not be agreeable for us to meet as heretofore, and I fee! compelled to ask you to vacate these premises at your very earliest convenience." 44 Very well I I shall of course immD- I diately comply with your request. A few hours will suffice me to make the move you suggest," frigidly responded Gerald Goddard ; but he had grown ghastly white with wounded pride and anger at being thus ignominioualy turned out of the hopse, where for Be many years he had reigned supreme. Emfi Correlli bowed as he concluded, and left the room without a word in reply, (To be CordvMud). 