English Village Methodism By a Lincolnshire Lad. Revivals. — No. III. They were not what are sometimes called 'got-up' revivals. Some modern Methodists occasionally talk as if the great revivals of British Methodism in by-gone .days were simply characteristic of the elementary stages of the Church's growth, and destined to disappear; God have-mercy on .the minister or church which becomes too cultured and respectable for an old-time , revival I I was converted in one ot them nearly torty years ago, blessed be God ! In the early stages of my life; and more than once, I saw the village of Neybard stirred with Pentecostal power. It was quite a com mon thing for conversions to follow the Sabbath evening sermon, but that did not satisfy the godly men and women I knew in those days. They were, week after week, month after month, and sometimes year after year crying out for Pentecostal blessings, and undoubtedly there came upon the Neybard chapel seasons of special grace. The preached word was in a remarkable way demonstrated ' the power of God unto salvation,' and people from all parts of the district, like penitent rebels, hurried into the sanctuary or to the shelter of a neighbour ing hedge, to lay down their arms at the feet of Jesus. In describing one of these great revivals I shall use assumed names, but they will repre sent real men and women, who; most of them have gone to their reward ; and they, were fair samples of the village member, leader and local preacher who, in the middle of the present century, built up the great Methodist Church' in England. .There had been a season of temporary spiri tual barrenness, or what ?: is sometimes so re garded. The class-meeting, and, public services at Neybard had been attended as usual, and there had been, as promises of a coming shower, a few isolated cases of conversion, but the fathers and mothers of. Israel were. not satisfied with that. At the weekly prayer-meeting and at the close of the Sabbath services, and month after month, they wrestled with God for a more glorious display of saving power. And for a considerable time, the only, apparent result was a continually increasing agony of intercession. As a boy, attending those services with my father, I used to delight in the wonderful plead ing of those godly men and women. The sweet voice of Susan Stedm an — the. leading soprano of the 'singitf pews'— was migtier in prayer even than in song. I shall never forget the rapture with which she described the blessed ness of her own spiritual state or the melting words with which she besought the Saviour to bring all the world into the enjoyment of a like precious faith. Then there was another godly woman— Mary Wilson, who was one of the pillars of the temple of God. This lady openly made profession of entire sanctification, although she did not need to do so as evidence of the fact. It was indelibly written on her blessed, saintly face, and could be vouched for by everybody who knew her. Her husband, who was a Ittcal preacher gieatly honoured of God in the salvation of souls, once told me that when he was .away in some distant hamlet or city conducting revival services, she spent the time in prayer at home while he was preaching. Saiil he, I' when I feel the mighty power of God present to heal I know that Mary is pleading both for me and for the congregation.' This godly woman and her husband and her husband's brother apparently never wearied in their pleading with God, nor lost their faith in the promises. The last of the three, George Wilson, was, I think, the mightiest man in prayer I ever met ; and for those who : who hesitate to believe in sudden conversions a further reference to him will be of interest, i He was in early days a tall, sinewy, athletic man with an iron frame and an iron will. I will tell his story just as he told it to me. He said, ' When God first convinced me of sin I was a pointsman on the railway and working on night-shift. I spent all my spare time in the hut crying for mercy but seemed to cry in vain, and at last as I heard the train whistling I was tempted to end my misery by throwing myself across the line, but by a sudden stopping of the train I was mercifully saved. My sense of sin continued as a heavy burden on me, until some days after when on my way up the Trent in a steam-boat a man fell overboard. Being a good swimmer I dived in after him to save him. But it was winter, and as I went under the water and felt its chill, I said within myself, if ever I am to be saved it must be now, and there and then, under the water, I trusted unto salvation.' He came out of that cold, rapid river a cripple for life. He is still living, but I think no one has ever doubted that though that accident brought to him a life of physical suffering like Jacob at Peniel, Gocl 'blessed him there.' Though lame and deaf, Neybard owed a great deal to him, for he ' had power with God and prevailed.' At the beginning of his prayers, lie used to speak like the tenderest hearted woman — so gentle was he. It was like the reverential whispering of one who com muned with the invisible. But as he proceeded his hands began to rise .and fall like the upward flight of the lark, until, Moses-like, they were lifted up to heaven in mighty supplication and his suffering face was lit up with a heavenly glory. The afore-named were samples of many of the godly men antl women who cried day and night for the prosperity of Zion. They were not all what, in these days, would be called educated people, though some of thcin were. Nor were they noisy fanatics. They undoub tedly made noise enough sometimes, but what matter ? They were 'full of the Holy Ghost, and of faith,' and they cried aloud and shouted because 'great was the Holy, one in the midst of them. Sammy Wilson, commonly called by the villagers, Uncle Sammy, was the life and soul of the meetings, which more than once culmin ated in a revival at . Neybard. His story is worth a line or two. It came .to me from his own lips : ' I was over forty,' lie said, ' when I 'began to be a local preacher. For many years the superintendents ? of the circuit had urged me to preach and I had felt that I ought to preach, but year after year, I resisted the call. I had prospered in' worldly things. 1 had happiness in my home and had a good, well stocked farm ; but the Lord laicl-liis hand upon me. In one year I lost many of my cattle and horses by various diseases. In the same year my harvest failed, and to crown my sorrows, God took my only son and two daughters in the space of three weeks.'- And I could with stand Him no longer. I went into my room, and casting myself upon the floor '.P'said, Lord I will preach. That is how I came to go on the plan.' Anil to the day of his death he devoted himself to preaching the Gospel. Leaving his lame brother to look after the farm. Sammy Wilson soon became known throughout the villages of Lincolnshire, and even in more pretentious places as a prophet of God. Whether among cultured or rural people, he had the same extraordinary power. He was a born; dramatist, and unconsciously acted- what he spoke, and his congregations laughed when he laughed, and wept when - lie wept- But multitudes will bless God that Sammy Wilson ever went on the circuit plan; though few of them knew the secret I have just disclosed. : At last, the revival to- which I refer, came. Though to the praying people of Neybard, the Almighty ?' tarried long.' .He surely came to ' kill and to make ?alive;'-' Every night for more than a week there had been meetings for -prayer: and a conversion now and again. Every night -the fervour and - the congregations increased until the whole district became aware that a mighty power was at work in the midst of the people. Woodmen left their: chopping in the woods and bowed on the soft leafy ground in prayer. Ploughmen knelt beside their plough handles, and business men left their shops and went to the chapel for prayer. On the following Sunday night God's house was crowded. Samy Wilson was in the pulpit, and his theme was 'Son of man, can these dry bones live 1 ' Whatever his text, he always had the same theme — the utterly undone and helpless condition of a poor sinner, and the abundant power and mercy of God to deliver him; and while in his dramatic way he de scribed the condition of the unsaved, rough, hardened men, who had hardly wept since they were children, began to wipe away unwilling tears. Women began? .to quietly , sob. : and. strong men began to stand, up; s Some in their mental distress threw their arms round the pi liars that supported1 the roof and others bowed their heads on the tops of the ipews. And as the preacher proceeded to speak of a ??life-giving | Saviour there were cries of- 'glory' and j Hallelujah;' and ' audible ( prayers that the ? i breath of God might : breathe upon theiSlain;': What an after-meeti ng was held ; that night ! The long- communion rail was filled from one end to the other with penitents.' ; -Iii the pews and free, seats many move: were confessing their sins. - 15 very body was cry i ng for mercy or glorifying, God for the work that .was being done: 1 ' It svas a'fine time for ? Sammy Wilson. He moved about the chapel smiling and praising God, offering a few sentences. of prayer for one and another as he ascertained their needs, and taking care thafc-not a'single 'soul should leave the sanctuary without his own:; personal invita tion to come to Christ. ? That revival was a wonderful instance of answer to prayer. It was earnestly longed for anil believingly prayed for ; and when it came the blessing was in full measure. Many of the standard-bearers to day — the present leaders^ trustees, and local preachers of the Neybard Circuit, besides a few travelling preachers ara the fruits of that revival. 