Jfy flood ai\d field. W. Powell, or, as he was more familiarly known in the western district of Victoria, Billy Powell, learned his riding under Moran. the veteran Warrnambool trainer. The writer saw young Powell ride a number of races at country meetings in Victoria prior to his first good win on Veronica in the Onkaparinga Cup, and predicted a successful career for him. Moran never gave him half a chance, serving him as the Manifolds serve their boys—giving them the riding of the crocks in all the small meetings and putting up a " big gun " pigskinite in the more important events. And it was not until Powell-fell out with his employer and ventured out on his own that he made a came for himself. Will Nicol, who has been for some time in Westralia and has won a few cycle races, was at eighteen years of age one of Victoria's most promising cyclists, but in his terrible ride in the Melbourne to Warrnambool road race, which Will won, he strained himself bad!v and has never been right since. Nicol XI aB then only 18 years of age, aud the race waB 165 miles against a hcud wind that was almost a hurricane all the way. Such racing as this is not cycling, but a peculiar form of madness— The liabilities of the Bunbury Race Club, about .£286, incurred by erecting the grand stand and other improvements on the course, will be reduced by .£100 at least from the profits of last meeting. The profits from the meeting amounted to £123, after paying nearly .£50 for improvements. The victory of Onslow in the Birthday Cap was rather lucky, Euglo being indiffe* rently ridden. The brother of Trent, however, scored a most popular win. The following are the drawers of placed horses in W. A. Tattersalls (J. Charle's) consultation on the Birthday Cup, run at Perth, 24th May.—First («»nslow) ,£458 10s., R. Lawrence, Fremantle; Second, (Euglo) .£114 12s. 6d., W. H. Jones, Perth; Third (Yale Lock) JE45 17s., J. R. Worth, Perth. The next sweep drawn will be the Foundation Handicap, 3,000 at 5, run at Perth, June 1st, 1898. Manv arguments and theories have 1. advauced as to whether road riding during the winter months slows a man for the racing season (states the " Exchange." Results have proved in Australia that the successful men on the road always reap a fair harvest during the ensuing season. Last year the Victorian Road Championships were won by Green, A. C. Middleton, and J. Carpenter, all of whom banked some hundreds of pounds during the racing season just expired. Particulars should shortly, be to hand giving the result of the unpaced match between " Plugger Bill" Martin, late of Australia, another Yankee, named R. Terrill (states^ i exchange). The conditions were to be simi to those in the famous Martin -McDonald \atch, run in Sydney, in August, 1895, when \£artin and McDonald started on opposite the track for a 25 miles jaunt, the " Plu|^v> ^o^JDunlops) winning the match easily; only in this" match with Terrill the di6t ince is 5 miles If Martin be in anything like his old Australian form Mr Terrill should have a lively time of it. At all events the result is eagerly awaited in Australia. cycloniania. About the first races Wild Wave won in "Victoria wereot the Western District butter town", Oobden, when she started her career by winning the Cup and Flying Stal es. In a junior match on the Esplanade on Saturday the Centrals scored no less than 25 goals against the Christian Hrothers' 2 goals. God help the C.B. in their future matches ! There was no liitig remarkable in the way of footbull between West P*>rth and Subiaco, which match was played on the Esplanade ground, the former wii ning by 5 goals to 3. Morgan captained last year's premiers, in the absence of Grecian, who sto d out to try a junior, and ti e ex-North Melbourne and Pootscrayite played the best game on the ground, which, after all, isn't saying much, as the game, to use a vulgarism, was " very much < if." The old Footscray crack, Jack Coward, carried his 14st. odd through about threequarters, and then took a spell. Victorian football-loving public would hardly «now their erstwhile champion now. Griffin, the West Perth follower, is "not" Dinish Griffin, the Williamstow.i crack, as some contend. Veteran Russell, the club's trainer, played a good game for W. P. —marking, 'ricking, and dodging lil;e a colt, and not a C^Jesdale either. Burnett also played for the red and blue. Pleased to see *' Herb " Lod in West Perth colours. The ec-Carltouian*8 play was clever and effective, the effort by which he high-marked over five or six opponents, and scored an easy goal, being particularly brilliant. Cullen'sfootball was unquestionably clever, but he would be a far more useful man to his side if he played more to his men. Cross, the ex-typver, played a splendid game for W. P./ fetit spoiled it towards the conclusion by uncalled for vindicativeness towards Hayes. " Sootty " Wildy promises to be amonggfc the first flierht of this season's fooths,}| e rs. His play on Saturday was trfeat to witness ; he invariably waiter the ball, and indulged in none of th^9C •« dever " tactics which are beginning ' cre ep into W. A. football, and which ^11 undoubtedly ruin itspopularitjr jeitifthe public. "Scotty" 01 footballer that does credit to the game. Good old "Suby," whose players were apparently atthcfcd in costumes cut from Joseph's coat of many colours, didn't shape badly at all, and two of their meu, Hayes and Woodgate, played about as good as anything on the ground. Hayes was, a couple of season's back, one of the best footballer's in Ballarat, the beauteous Victorian mining centre, where good footballers are numerous, and this p ayer should prove one of the best of the season's seniors, if he can be induced to join them. The lengthy Woodgate is also a finished and cool footballer. Martin, whose "guernsey" consisted of his vest turned inside out, but was in many ways in keeping with the togs of the other SubHCO boys, played a useful game back, and relieved in good style three or four times. Suby had three long men, one following in a handsome pair of dirty white moles or flannelettes, one playing centre, and another right back, all of whom gave good acccunt of themselves. The former, a strapping fellow, was all there in the ruck, and was rolled 60 much in the sand that his best girl would scarcely have knot* n him at the finish. The best feature of the long back was his kicking off. Bailey Jackson, the old North Melbourne back man, was seen in West Perth colors, but he showed none of his t'otherside football. The next time the W.P. boys meet Suby, the latter are going to have Mayor Doyle to watch Coward. Mick Ryan, the Rovers forward, played with North Melbourne and Fitzroy when in . Victoria. Mick was a very fast man a few years back. Tom Wilson, late captain of North Melbourne, has filled out a lot during his residence in W.A., and, if anything, is an improved footballer. • c • . i 1 Undoubtedly the most sensational performance of the day was that of a diminutive fellow, appropriately named Terrier, who did two runs the entire length of the ground, running tver, or, more correctly, under his ojponents in great style; and one time, when he careered macily off the ground with the ball, and the umpire cried a free kick, whi^h some -two hundred spectators tried to admipister, he badly teat the whole crowd, onlookers and all. Heard an Interesting discourse in the last train to Fremantle on Satuiday night a-< to the real breeding of " Kox Tei rier." Said the man in che Fremantle corner: "The io terrier played the fjame of the forty to-day," to which li^ in the l-'erth corner replied, "Yes, I'd like to own him, though he is only a irong." F.C.: " He's no mong. he's a fox terrier!" P.C.:" Gam, he's a mong." F.t'.: " Fox terriers ave all mongs if it comes to that; they're a cross with a fox-hound and a bull-terrier." P.''.: "Gain." t'.C.: " there's a cress <f the black-and-tftri terrier, too, and lots of other cri sses in the toxy." P.C.: " Gain! what poker!" What will Mr W.J. Smyth say to this ! At the West Perth and " Suby " football match a small and unassuming dark vufig man, neatly dressed in a light* suit and straw hat. was standing with two others etching the match, and when the West boys were taking things too easy the young man in the light suit ventured to s ng out "Watch your men West Perth, and play the game," at which a "Johnnie," standing at a little distance, and fully decked ouc in his eyeglass drawl tnd one or tw-« minor articles of atti<e f ventured to remark to another " butterfly," similarly dolled, " Play the game; a lot he knows about the game." The two dollys evide» tly were not aware that the unassuming light suittd or.e was one of the finest footballer's Australia has produced—the popular "fcarney" Grecian. Terrier, who is only a little more than a foot high, and as broad as he is high, is Christian named " Fox," and is a fine subject for a temperance orat-«r to base his discourse upon, aa he neither drinks nor cmokes! No racing to-day locally. Canning Park June meeting next Saturday. A Brush Steeplechase, on lines of English and N.S.W. hurdle events, is on the programme. The Westralian %urf has the best record in regard to the numbers of fatal accidents to man and beast happening upon it. The Victorian has the worst by a long chalk. The Speculation party should leave well alone. Their yelp against the injustice (') done them through the columns of the "Wi," makes their case look the more crook. The three monthB' hard given the grey and the jock, Weidemann, means that Speculation's name will be among the missing when nominations ' for the goldfields meetings come out. Good enough for them. Ebor, whom Mr. S. Gollan parted with to Mr. W. H. Lambton for 1,200 guineas, ran in his new owner's colors in the Great Kent Steeplechase at Folkstone last week (writes a London correspondent on April 7). The Australian, with 12st 71b, was second in demand at 7 to 4 in a field of four, and though conceding lumps of weight all round, he won with great ease. The stake was worth £300. Steve Roient, the ex North Melbournite, who has been working in Fremantle, and who was to have played with East Fremanlle, has gone to Kanownn, and will play with the representatives of that fast rising mining town. " 011" Noonan, an o'd club mate of Relent's will also probably go lo the fields; while " Bo • " Bo'ertson, the »-x-North Melbourne and St. Kilduite, will play with Hannan's 'I he unfortunate Guildford footballers had a somewhat bad time at the hands or feet, or both, of the / remantle Imperial, at Fremantle, 011 fc-'aturday, when the seasiders kickcd 23 goals 20 behinds to 3 goals 3 behindy. The attendance was good. Amoirs' kicking for the lny;0< f/as tiptop, the two flags going up no less than eleven times, as the result orkickB from his straight right foot. Windsor notched 5 goals. Roberts, Corrie, M'Call, Windsor, Pierce, and Oyston showed most couspiculously for the Imps. The merit of Powell's win in th« Cup at Oukaparinga on Verouica will be more correctly gu«ged when it ia remembered that the only othe race of any importance that Manifold's mare won was the Moonee Valley Cup, and she proved herself the most arrant rogue on the turf. It was only a fortnight before the Onkaparinga Cup that she was badly beaten at a little country meeting, Wild Wave, the present local hurdleracer mare, finishing in front of lur, and it was undoubtedly only the rousing and energetic riding of Powell that pulled his mount through at the popular South Australian meeting. It was a lucky day f««r Mr. " Bill " Powell when he said good-bye to stern old Moran. Handicapper Jack Smith was one of the many who held the opinion that Speculation should have won that Final Handicap last Saturday week very easily. And the C.P. stewards to a man were of the same opinion. Obit.—Summer and Dryden, two local racehorses. Br'er Alick's horse was by Mentor—Duenna, being half-brother to the crack Amberite, but was not a tip-top performer. " Sam Sloper" writes: —" It would surely be a graceful act on the part of the City Council to transform the Esplanade into a decent recreation ground, suitable for all manly sports, such as cricket, football, and lacrosse. It could be done with very little expense, and would, by encouraging outdoor re reation, in a measure counteract the ill-effects of the insanitary state of the city." Bolton, the well-known harrier, played the best game on the ground. This clever player, who was on the ball all day, should certainly be playing senior football. Bourke, Roberts, Andy Power and Waugh helped Bolton woefully and ably in his forlorn hope. Fred. Lemon, the once champion Footscray (Vic.) rover, umpired the game, and was fast, partial and decisive. The Centrals had a very soft thing 011 with the Christian Brothers, and kicked 2,1 goals 28 behinds to 2 goal<-\ I he former were far to heavy and experienced for the boys 011 the opposing side, though some of the little fellows showed some splendid and game football. Lou Abrahams' marking for Centrals was the feature of the match. The ex-Fitzioyite should certainly be playing senior football. Football in Irol ind .s «iid to co isi^t < f three kinds—Kugbeian, Associate ni>t, and Celtic. The rule of I'l t.v in these <'ry:tij s - 1 i. ns h;is lipi'u defined as lollous:—Tn Rugby you kirk the (nil]; in Association you kick the man i f you can* ot kick the ball; and in (J lticyoukiclv the ball it' y<tu cannot kick the man. Hesu'ts of British football season, just over, are that Scotland again failed to I eat England, and further thrashed Irela d, and declined to meet Wales. Club football has chiefly been 'emaika'de f.-.r the success of the Academical, only once beaten duriug the whole year. The growing tendency to "sluggings" culminated in a recent match between two leading cUibs, in which, so bad was tli temper shown,. that the referee, an old International, stopp< d the play. Ireland has to mourn the oss of her indefatigable secretary, the late Mr Mac A lister. .She has not yet met with gie>t success. England has by , this time c< me to be regarded' as her natural prey, and on'youce in five years has the Irish team been worsted in this fixture. An amusing story is told of Champion- Cyclist Porta's fiast appearance in A us- tralia :—" Upon arriving, the Italian went straight to the Melbourne shop of Messrs. Howard Lewis and Charlie Kellow, and, by signs, showed them that he wanted a good machine. One was selected, ana in company with Howard Lewis, who was a few years ago a Victorian Champion, the stranger started out. From the jump the man from the land of the Vatican made things very willing, but Howard hung on gamely up Elizabeth-street, along Flemington-road, but when they got to Moonee - Ponds the young Victorian had had enough,. and tried to notify Maximilian to that tffict, but the latter couldn't, or wouldn't understand. Howard hung on a little longer, now beginning to entertain sericus doubts as to ever seeing his machiue again, and feeling a strange suspicion creeping over him that the dark foreigner looking stranger who couid hold him so cheaply, must be the "dark stranger" of biblical history. At last a happy thought struck Howard. He had learned music in his young days, and believing that the flyer was an Italian, he called out as lustily as his broken wind would allow—"Piano ! Piano ! Piatio !" hut the dark stranger shot ahead, rapidly increased his head, and in despair Howard at length sat up, stopped pedalling, and iu stentorian tones yelled out—"Alright Organ, Organ, Organ you , but before he had got the popular Australian swearword out, the stranger was gone, leaving only a singed line to mark his course. Howard, however, was not taking any singed line tracks on, and went back to his partner, Charlie Keller, and as pale as a ghost told him the devil had run away with their machine. " Well, as a rule, I like hanging on to a man's wheel," said the|longlegged one, " but I'm not out after this fellow," so the partuers debited the machine to the profit and loss column in their ledger. When some little time afterwards torta returned, having been to Sydney or some other adjacent city, made a number cf r friendly gestures, smiled bis well-known smile, anil handed out a pilp of soveaeigns in payment for his machifie, the Red Bird agents might have been seen looking very suspiciously for the cloven foot. F. A. White, the overland cyclist, must either have plenty of money or very little pluck. In a wire to one of the dailies White said that, " one night he had slspt at a deserted station, and felt so uncanny that he wouldn't sleep there again fi«r a fiver." The writer would have thought it more probable that the interior of W.A., . instead of being uncanny, would be very CANNT—at any rate he will unde take to sleep at the deserted station referred to - regularly every night for a year or two at considerably less than £0 a night. Py the way, Jnok Denning hasn't caught White yet—perhaps J.D. is finding the • task somewhat more difficult than he anticipated. One of the fiunniest sights seen for some time was a much be-champagned masher trying to ride a. bottle home on Saturday night last while he carried his bicycle under.his arm, wrappediupaper. 