' SHORT STORIES. 1 ANuUNOFFICIAL AFFAIR, . A STORY OF T?HID WEST AFRICAN FOREST, (Harold Bindloss in "The 'Idler.) (Continued.) Aweh glanced at the rest, who a nodded approval, and said these was wisdom in the word, and that Allah S had doubtless given their comrade an 1 understanding mind. Then he con ' ti-nu:ed, "The white officers must not die, for they are just masters and kind; neither is it fitting that the naked i heathen should slay the faithful when they are too sick to fight. Now be yond the AMalumba river an officer of the other white nation holds an out post with many 'little black soldiers, and, if it be the will of Allah, I and another may reach them and ask for help. Who, comes with me?" Then one private, who acted ass' tent orderly, .aid he had heard the white men discuss that very plan, and decide that it was impossible; while another, who had once accompanited a frontier survey, declared that the bush tribes were accursed devil-worshippers, who would assuredly hack the messengers in pieces. Awieh settled the mattier by bringing hisSnider-butt viciously down upon the speaker's bare foot, and saying: "At the worst, two men can but die, and here there is no 'hope. Therefore, I, Sergeant Aweh, go for one, and I ask not trhe offictrs,' for they would as suredly say 'No,' being too sick to un derstand." "I 'also," said a private, rising to his feet; "but we go by different ways, that if the heathen spear the one, the other may bear the message. Lend me ten round of, ammunition, Amadu, and you' the long sword-bayonet, Corporal Attou." Then the conference broke up, and, presently a startled sentry dropped his rifle from the present as his sergeant's voice whispered the password behind him and saw two figures slip past and vanish into the rain like flittering I ghosts: 1 When his temperature fell, with the 1 coolness before the dawn, Marvin awoke sclmewhat better, for the inter mittent fever is always worst at night, and as the first grey light filtered down through the vapour he staggered forth from the tent. Ho listened gravely to the story of thse carriers' desertion, but frowned when he heard that two of his most reliable men were missing as well, apparently for no reason whatever. Then he went 'back to the tent with a set face, and met Lindley's enquiring eyes. "Worse than ever," he said sombrely. "All the carriers have bolted,and taken the provisions, too. That, however, is only what I expected; but I can't un derstand Aweh an'd Shalule deserting. They were the best we had, and I would have trusted them with my life." "So would I," was the feeble answer. "Well, we must just waif events, and do the best we can, but it is hardly likely we'll ever see the coast again." Five days later it happened that Cap tain Lucien Thurot, who, with a com pany of black Senegall soldiers, ruled over a wild region where territory un der the protection of France adjoined the British colony, held high festival in his _ rickety head-quarters. Thurot was a -restless little individual, whose inborn love of excitement and merri ment rmany fevers had failed to quite cru.dh out, and his ,duty was to keep what order he could among the tur bulent tribesmen, and see that the per fidious English made no encroach on the territory of France. Nevertheless he occasionally made long journeys to visit the British officers across the bor der, for he'generally found them pro vided with choice cordials, and some of them could even sing the songs of his own land. On the night in question, three brother officers of the French service and one English trader had gathered themselves together from reeking swamp and steamy forests. This they did periodically, because they were hungry for the mere sound of a' Euro pdan voice, and the meeting, which generally resolved itself into a three days' carnival, was strictly unofficial, and never mentioned in the reports. Indeed, it some time happened that the wily bushman took a4vantage of their absence to carry off 'his neighbour's wives or wipe out an offending village. Aglare of many candles lighted up the long room 'of the pile-raised build ing, while outside the yet palm-fonds clashed and rustled before a fanning of fiery air, and the mist rolled in columns across the face of the quaking swamps. Inside it was fiercely hot; the damp trickled in great globules down the wainscot, and through the open ease ment there entered the mingled odours of aromatic wood-smoke, lily-flowers, and the exhalations of river mud, which form the West 'African bouquet. The guests, however, were well used to both ,heat and damp, and disregarded the oven-like temperature as they made mersy over their wine. The sword of the pestilence hung above their heads, as it were, by a single hair, but they were in boisterous spirits, and ap pl~a'uded vigorously when the English trader, after attempting to tune a dilapidated banjo, commenced a ditty which they could not under?tand. The indifferent verses were of the pastoral order, and told of English meadow's and honeysuckle in deep cunk lane's, and seemed strangely out of place in that region of heat and malaria, pestilence ,and sudden 'death. Then the singer, whose courage had given way at last beneath the racking pain of rheumatic fever and the loneli ness of Africa, laid down his banjo with ,a sigh. "It's a curious world," he said. "Two years lago this night I had all that man could desire, and now I'm stewing like .a lost soul in this land of fever. I suppose if the malaria wiped us all out to-morrow no one on earth would care." "C'.?st la vie," answered his Gallic neighbour, who understood in parts. "Mais alors! here is good wvine, and camaraderie, and for the rest it i. all the same in 50 years. Ah! tlhe brave Antoine, he sing now-like an- angel, you say?" "I thought they only played on harps," said the trader, smiling in spite of himself. Then he lapsed into sil ence, for a young officer, whose hollow face was curiously flushed, leaned against a pillar with a trophy of savage arm's above his head, and chanted in a ringing voice a ballad of revenge and lost Lorraine. This time there was tumultuous applause, which subsided into laughter as a discordant pounding of monkey-skin drums rose up from the compound below, and unlovely voices broke out into the paddling chanty, "Acha ho." The African is an imitative being, and the negro hewers of wood, inspired by sundry bottles of gin bestowed upon them by the visitors, had extemporised a vociferous concert of their -own. But the giver of the feast was equal to the occasion. Carry ing a heavy decanter in his 'hand, he proceeded, none too steadily, towards the verandah, and leaning oves the balustrade, hurled the missile among the chouching musicians below with ,a cry of "Maudits animaux." A heavy thud followed, and the music ceased suddenly amid the crash of splintering 'glass, while Lieutenant Antoine took his host to task for wast ing the precious vintage on the outside of 'an unappreciative Krooboy. Afterwards there was a pause, and the silence was only broken by the patter of heavy drops upon the thatch, and the rustle of palm-branc)hes sway ing overhead, until a harsh challenge from a sentry beyond the gate .rang through the steamy air. Then the verandah stairway creaked, and a Senegali servant entered the room. A wild and draggled object pushed past him into the glow of Tfhe .lights, and the officers started in amaze as a tall negro stood before them, leaning heavily upon the fouled muzzle of a Snider rifle. The mire of many a swamp, was crusted from ankle to knee; thorns had scored red lines upon both hands and face; and the shreds of uni form which covered one mansy arm were caked and stiff with blood. (To' be Continued.) At the stormihilg 'o Seringapatam by the British in 1799, booty worth mil lilons of pounds was captured. It is on record that two solid bold bangles, fou;nd by a soUldier, were sold by him for next to nothing, but so valuable werle the stones in them that tcae was subsequently sold for £32,000. It is be lieved by many even now that great masses of tresure lof various kinds are buried in the vicrinity of the town. '."_----- ---. r -"-- -_.- - ?.? ?- -.. - -.. 