WILD EELTtf! HER ESOAPADES, ADVENTURES AND BITTER SORROWS. BY WILLIAM BLACK. CHAPTER LXVIII.— (CONTINUED.) Tho fresh complexloncd little nurse blushed consciously, hut sllll she clung to her professional attitude. "it you wore to call over at the house," slic suggested. .. "I cannot keep plaguing them nt thc house," said lie. "Surely they have enough trouble there." She hesitated for another second or so, nnd then site said, "AVell, would you enro to have my opinion, for wliut it is worth? And you won't tell the doctor I suld anything about the ense. Because it Isn't right, yoii know— it isn't right; my opinion mny be worth nothing." "Hut what do you. think — what do you think Miss Kciidrlck — you yourself — you per sonally?" he urged upon her. "if it comes to that," she answered blm a little more boldly, "I should sny she was getting along excellently well." He could have fnlien on hi! knees and wor shipped her; for the mind of this young man was not well ordered during these days. "But couldn't I even look nt her for one second V' lie pleaded, "i would stand behind a screen— I only want to hear tlio sound of her voice " "You couidn't make out anything, unless you wore accustomed," said thc nurse. "Bits of old songs for tlie most part; -only; when she comes to tho 'Braes of Glenbrnon' —do you know that one?" "Do I know the 'Bruthaichean Ghllnn Braoln?" said he — for both of them were of Highland birth and breeding. "Ay, that's the terrible time wo have, for she breaks Into a despair of sobbing, and it Is so difficult to stop. I fonr the 'Braes of Glcnbraon' more than anything; and I don't understand why It should affect her so. But when she talks about you, she Is more contented. She 1ms great hopes; anil there's some big cathedral or abbey In Lon don where you nre to have n tablet or a monument or something of that kind, nnd she is to come nnd place flowers. Mr. Gil christ, don't heed whnt I am saying; these wanderings don't mean much; nild I bnvc no right to tell you— only Jniile Forsyth seemed to think I might " "But more— more," he begged, with bun- gry ears. "There Is little more," she sold, "tlint can rightly bo mndc out. She Beenis to wish to ask tho pardon of every one she hns Injured— ns If slic ever could willingly have Injured anybody! Aud mostly her talk Is about you —and books— nnd fame— and London— nnd the great figure you nre to become there, amongst the literary people. Oil, yes, that's all right, Hint's quite clieorful in a wny. But I do not like It when she begins nbout the -'Braes of Glenbrnon'; I do not like tier bursting Into sobs; for there Is something behind that I cnii't make out, nnd she re fuses to he comforted. No, nor does her mother understand. There Is something dni-k nnd hidden. Bnt then again that often happens in fever— aud without any renl rea son; so 1 trust, Mr. Gilchrist, you will put no value on my words— only you seemed dis tressed about not hearing the news— and you will forgot whilt I have been telling you — and think we Were merely' having a claver- clnsh on an Idle moriiliig." "I nm grateful to you," he said — he could say no more. And then the two girls rose, nnd lie did not sceis to detain them; ho doubt they wore returning to the house. AVlion they lind left lie set off for tlio town. In a lane near the corner of Union-street a poor woman was siiiglng Thbu Boniile AYooii o' Cralgle- leu. It is hot one of Tiiunahlil's best; and the woiiinn could slug no more tlmu a Hii cow; hut then — there were associa tions; he hastily fumbled In his pockets, nnd found n shilling, and that lie gave lior, and hurried on— lost she should see his filled eyes. He was all undone. He walked about until ho could pnll him self together a hit, nnd then he entered the office and wont straight to the composing room. "Mr. Forbes," snld lie, to the head com positor, "which of your lads do you take to he the best Gaelic scholar?" "It's Duncan Munro there;" wns tlie in stant nnswor. "There's no doubt about tlint. He litis taken prizes nt the Argyll shire Alod, nnd Lord Archibald liluisplf made hlni a compliment." The editor went over to this lad, Munro, who Wns rather a pnilld youth, with lea dened lingers nnd stained nproii. "Look here, Munro," siiid ho, "I want you to do mo a favor. AVill yon write out for ine a literal translation— nn absolutely lltorai translation— of the 'Braes of Glcnbraon" — the Brtitlinlchcan Glillim Brnoln, you know "Oh; yes, I will, sir," replied tho young ninii, quickly: ho was extremely flattered. "You understand," said thc editor, "tbnt it Is not for publication— neither In this nor in nny other iiaper; it Is n kindness to me personally; I want to know what each plit'hse menus; word by word; yoti see, the Gaelic tiiat.I have Is not gobd eiiough for that. And don't ntlcmpt any rhyme, ns If It were to he printed; only tho literal meaning of every llue— sehrch for the real meaning, nnd don't try to mnke poetry. Do you un derstand?" "Perfectly, sir, perfectly," said the pallid faced youth, who iviis proud to ho thus sihglcd out. "I shall bo obliged to yoit— I shall he great ly obliged to you," said tho editor, and there with he went off to his own rooui, and Bank henylly Into his cbnlr. Ho (lid not know what all tiilsahont the "Braes of Gienbradn" might signify. Ami he could not quite trust Nurse Kendrlek's report; nftcr nil. It was mere gos sip, littered under a pledge of confidence. Perhaps kindness prompted It, and made It loo favorable. And sometimes, in a wild sort or way, iie wondered whether after all Ills old mother up llicrc In the north might never see the gracious and glorious creature who had promised to he his wife. A rap nt the door aroused him from his longing rcvorlo. "Come in!" ho called. It was Tom Grieve, the snb-edltor, who still nnd naturally maintained In a measure the familiar relations that had existed when Gilchrist was his junior. "This is a rum start, it Is Indeed," said he, looking at the sheets in his hnnd— they had been forwarded by a News Agency. "There enn't he two Lord Mouutmahous, I sup pose?" "It Is to ho hoped not," snld Gilchrist. "AA'ell, tlibn, tlie one you knew, tho one who wns down nt Glengnrvn — who was hang ing about tho town nt the time of the Nor thern Meeting— and was supposed to have art eye on Miss Macilonald of ICinvalg— yes, and who lmd you thrown Into tlie river, as I Imagine — well, he uppcars to have been over taken — " "By drlrtk, of coiirse," snld Glichrlsl. "That is not the story, though I fancy drink may have been the Origin ot tlie af fair," said the sub editor, looking again at the loose sheets. "It's most extraordinary. Tlie whole gang of tlicm In n quiet and peaceable and respectable hotel In Dieppe; niid then nt midnight they begirt to raise Cain; nrrenrs of pay, or else they'll haul Ills lordship out of bed and trundle him Into tlie litirbor. Then a general scrimmage; Moitnt- ninliou appears to hnve come on to tlie land ing outside bis bedroom ; and oiie ot the sloggers hits him a clip on the back of the neck, and dOwn he goes headlong to the foot of thc stairs. Poor devil. Stone dead. Be. might have died lu better company that's all I'm going to sny. Poor wretch poor wretch. It's different with n young fellow who lends Ills mou up n difficult bor der pass, and gets u bullet through his brain; he has died nobly, and his country remem bers him; but to breuk your neck in an Igno minious drunken brawl; amongBt a lot of bullies — " "Grieve," said the editor, "will you make it siflooth? Ho was kuortin to tho ladies at Gleugarva House— and they, 6r oiie of tlieiii, might read the report. Make It gentle. Hush it up as much as you can." "I'll strike it ortt altogether, if yon like," said thc sub-editor — though reluctantly; for this was a great piece of news for the countryside, nnd of cortrse there were com peting prints. CHAPTER XLIX THE DEVIL'S KIRN. Early next morning there was enacted tlie strangest scene Over bclicld on the banks of tlie river Nlsh: Almost before daybreak Ar chie Glldhrlst was out at his accustomed post, apparently busy enough with books and magazines and manuscripts, nnd yet ever with a furtive glance towards the ted house across tlio wide stream. The dawn wns grnciotisly still and opalescent; the over clouded skies were of a bnmleil silver grey; the cnirent, noiseless, stenllng by, mirrored the foliage of the now yellowing trees; the smoke of tile town, when that began to ap pear, rose vertically Into the quiescent air, ami diffused Itself Into a pnlo blue film that softened all - the wooded heights beyond. Peace reigned throughout the world; and in that bouse nwny over yonder why not also a beneficent attd merciful pence? MeaiiWiiile this is what Was happening in thc sickroom. "Nurse," Eelln eftlled, In rhtbef a frill voice, "will yori do me a kindness? Will yoii go down — go down to the drawlngroom— and search artiongst the miislc— on the piano —and you'll find a scrawled plece-scrawled and scribbled over — but the title Of It Is 'The Braes of Glehhrnort' " "Ob, If yon will please to excuse me, Mlas Eelln," tlie nurse siltd anxiously. "Your mnmnin snid I wns not to bring yoti that song— because It upsets you so — — "Ob, well," she srtUl, with apparent Indif ference (but the eyes like the blue of the Sea wave were beginning to burn), "anytblrtg will do. I only want to lortk at the titles; My — niy singing days nrc over. AVlijr should I want to sing? It Is hnppy people who sing. But the titles to look at; could you find for me 'Eelln of Klrkcouuel' — '1 wish I' word Where Eeiin lies, oti fair Klrliconnei lea'— Eelln, mind, not nelort — you'll find the cor rect version In Mnyer— or In Motfat— — " "Oh, yes, Miss," snld the prim and placid Nurse Keuilrick. "As soon as ever the dny nurse IS here, or When Some of the servants are nboht, 1 will rrtn down ahd fetch the music for you " "Ami why rtot now?" the girl pleaded. "It — It is it small favor to lisk; only a minute " The nurse hesitated — nnd was lost; "AVhnt did yon say was the song, MISS?" " 'I wish I were where Eelln lies, for night nnd day ou me she cries'— I — I doii't remem ber the rest — for iny bond Is not very well- only — only I wanted to look at tbe titles— If I am never to be able to sing nny more——" - "AVhnt did yoti say were the books," Miss Eellrt?" "Oh, I have forgotten— I have forgotten," the girl uioftUed. "Ahd— it is too much trouble — I ask your pardon " The print little nurse wns also Impression- abie ltt a way; she could not resist th'd wearied appeal; she said she would try to find 'Eelln of Kirkconnol,' nnd should be back ln an Instant. It wns a kindly conces sion, wrrttig from her by the pathetic tones of the girl's voice; but It Whs not very wise; and It had consequences. Fot- the moment she had gone, AVIld Eelln— with the cunning nnd the unnatural strength of ilellrlimi— sprang from the bed, undressed lierseU, put ort her 6wlmmlug things, not even excepting, the felt slippers to protect her feet; then she crept stealthily down the staircase, and passed along the hall; and unlocked tho door, ahd went out. Her foot step on the gravelled path was silent; phan- tom-iikc she crossed the breniltli of grass; nrtd so she came to the river — nt least, to the sliltiglo bordering the stream. And this wns the apparition that Archie Gilchrist, on tlie other side, beheld; when lie chanced to look up from his books. He did not pay tiiuch heed. Somehow bis eye's hnd become dazed of late, what with long Wntch- Ing, and mechanical rending, and slecplesU nights; hnd no doubt the whltc-hrmod god' doss on tlio opposite hank was but a sp'ectrai creation of his brain; In another moment ob two she would have vanished and taken to flight, for her far and foam-girt Isle. He hardly cared Overt to look at her. She wds not nn effulgent, hnd lustrous crenturo as a. goddess shbiild he; for tho grey dlrapess ot the dawn was still around lier; she was a. mere ghost, ethereal and visionary; lie had been rending the night before some stories out of the Greek mythology; and ho Avas of art Imaginative turn of hiind. Then all of a sudden a spasm of horror shot to his heart. AVliy, this was no fan: tastlc Illusion whatever; he knfevr who It wns, and why she Avas there; it wds Eelln Mncdoiinld, escaped frdm control, come down to make oho Wore mild effort to swim tlie Devil's kirn, in consternation ho saw her tiiko oil lier slippers at the end of the shingle; ho snw her wnile In tlirbhgh the shallows to the deeper water; he savv the fra gile body throw ilseif ngnlnst the heavy current; and In an ngorty of h'elplbssn'oss lie could only Avalt and wnteli, not knowing whither she might he carried. But he had quickly taken off hid coat and flung it on tlie grass behind hlni; so fiir he whs fare- pared for anything tliat might happen. By this tlniO there were burse's and servants nishliig down the distant blink— bailing, and shrieking, and wringing their hands; little attention did he pny to them. It was piteous to see thc frail white liifa man creature contending with the eboh- blnck implacable stream; and of course the result was inevitable; with her spent strength she could make no headway nt all; certainly she fought and fought, for she had the courage of the Klnvhlg Mnedoniiids in lier veins, nnd perhaps the fever lent lio'r some access of wild effort. The end speedily calno. She wns swept down like some white rose-leaf on the surface of tho Avator; the Devil's Kirn hnd got its grip of her; nrtd hltlier and thither siio was being Avhlrled— until Archie Glichrlst snw his chance, and jumped In. lie was a good swimmer, the swinging current notwithstanding. He seized hold of her— lio bore lier to the bank- he carried her to tlio slope where ills coat wns lying— lu another moment she was wrapped up in that uncouth garment, and he had placed her arms around his neck, and he had clasped her firmly to him, as ho set out for the house. He went In the direc tion of tbe upper suspension-bridge; he vaguely knew thnt the shrieking Avomon were running across with blankets ahd such things. And then she said to him. In a panting kind of wny— "Oh, Somerled, my iovo — my dear ioA-ei Have you couie for mo at last? Ah, Avby did you never apeak'? I guessed, yon know oh, yes, I guessed — and when you gave me the £iD00 for Ihe Mnedonalds of Glengarva, my mother said you were cither innd or madly- In love; and If you were In love It was with mo— and i guessed tlint too, though i would not let oil. And ns for me — my heart was yours from the moment i saw your strong, earnest eyes. But then, yoii see, I was pro mised—and I could not break my promise, and you Yvere proud, and yoii hold itloof, aud would not say a word. Ah, well, that is tbe bllternoks of life " The inental torture was more than man could hear. He staggered towards thc near est bench, nnd snt down there, holding her closer lo him, nnd trying to soothe her fever ed imagination. Then the terrified nurse came flying, with rugs nnd blankets, and these she quickly wound round thc trembling fugitive, who had some dim notion of what wns going ort. Nny, she tried to express her llinnks In a merry kind of way. "Jennie's a' weet, puir body," suld she. "Do you know the old version, nurse? But it's not with 'coming through tiie rye.' i think I must hnve been in the river— per haps— pcrbups— and it Is so cold this morn ing—and I have given you so much trouble. I ask for your pardon " Gilchrist had now got up ngnln, with ids precious charge folded to him closer than ever. "Mr. Gilchrist," said the nurse, anxiously, "wou't you iet me earry her?" "No, by God," said he, "nobody shall carry her but myself." His face vyas qs white as dcatbi and his firms trembled. But be bnd great pbysicnl strength, and there was not much fear for the Invalid. The worst of It was thnt this nrrnngemont cnnbled him — compelled him, rather — to hear her whispered confidences — confidences that tore Ills soul; for It wns im possible to doubt that all through those wnn- derlng phrases the girl wns revealing the se cret of bcr life. "Yon see, Somerled— oil, my darling!— my love with the strong eyes!— that you should have come bock to mcl— well, I used to go up the Castle hill— nnd I used to look townrdB Ben TVyvIs— nnd— nnd— think about Alt-nn- Tnilvo; and sometimes TunnnhlU's verso would come Into my bond. 'Ocli, liey 1 Johnnie, lad, Yc're no sac kind's yo should line been '—and then I thought that wns most unworthy— I— I admired you nil the more for your pride and silence; because— because you know that I lind given my pro mise—didn't you? All, hut never a word— never a word from Alt-nn-Trnlvc— nnd tlio long distance— and I am not complaining— oil no, I am not complaining— I would rallicr ask for pardon— from any one I have done .wrong to——" She sobbed a little; his heart beard Iter sobs. And here wns her mother, nt the end of the small suspension-bridge. The poor .woman could hardly sponk. It was her affrighted vision that made Its niuto Inquiry. And then she followed lier daughter — she the first, of course — though she could scarce put one foot, before tho other. TV lib treriiulous and useless fingers she would endeavor to draw the blanket somewhat closer round Eelln's nock; or with lier handkerchief she .would try to wipe away a few drops of .water from the splendid bine-black hair; she .was entirely distraught; she did not know What she wns doing; lier eyes were blind. It was a long and roundabout way they had to come; and again and again they offer ed hlra help; but the white- faced man would have none of It. And every word she spoke, In that hushed, appealing voice, was like a dagger. "Oh, my love, my love," she whispered, "you havo come for me at last, nnd all I Wish for Is to lie in your arms for ever nnd over— oven in the grave. Tho 'Braes of Glonbrnon' wore never for you nud mo; tliey were for happy people; nt least, they were happy for a time — oh, I hope so— I hope so — even If there wns n broken heart at tho end; hut for you and mo it's more like Kirkeon- nell— you remember what lie said after Ills sweetheart was shot— his prayer wns, 'And I In Eelln's arms lying, on fair KIrkconnell lea.' That was In tho grave,, you know. tWoll, why not? Tell me, Somerled of tlie brave eyes, are you listening— nre you lis tening to me?" "Oh, yes, indeed," ho answered, nnd he hoped Ills voice would not undeceive her. "Wc shall soon be nt the house now, and you'll he put to lied, nnd get wnrin." She thanked lilm over nnd over again; and begged pardon for tlie trouble she wns caus ing; nay, in a pitiful sort of fashion she seemed to tlilnl: It was her duty, In return for this kindness, to entertain him. "You know, don rest heart, tliey used to laugh nt me," she said, with a fine pretence of cheerfulness. "Ah, yes, they did. They used lo say that none of mankind was good enough for mo — because — because well, no man lias ever kissed me, and that Is tlie truth. And Lily Nolle she would often sing 'There wns nnes a May— and she loe'd nn men — she — she bigglt lier bonnie bower — down r j-on glen'— I hnve forgotten the rest. But I never complained ot their laughing no, no; I waited to find my lord and master and when I saw you, and recognised you— I said to myself, 'Well, perhaps he will nliow me to go Into the fields to glean a little, and I will be his handmaiden, If I should find favor In tlie sight of my lord.' And you commanded them to lot fall some of the liandfuls — nh, did you not? — did you not? when I was doing smnll things here and there for Kluvnig and Glougarvu. Thy handmaiden — thy handmaiden — till, yes, will ingly— willingly— but the field nnd the sheaves were- so far away— when I went on to tho ciistlu liill I could not see them he- cause of Ben Wyvis. Yes, and when I wns seated on one of tho benches, an old gentle man came up and said, 'Tell mo, young lady, why nre you crying so?' I pretended I wns not crying nt nil— that tho distance to Ben iWyvIs strained the eyesight; and when he .went away I fell to crying again— hut what was the use— what wns tho use— the sheaves were so distant— uud the hnndmaldeu— not able— hot able to how down before her lord " And yet again she tried to talk more cheer fully— lu those hushed, hurried sentences— "Gilchrist has been so kind to me— so kind —so kind and considerate. I think 1 must ask for his pardon. I was never to liiin what a sweetheart should he— i suppose not— ac cording to. tho old songs— and lie never once remonstrated— well, you see, we were so much engaged lu our small literary plans and schemes— that was a kind of safeguard, no doubt. But— but— but when my lord of the strong eyes lias come for his hnudmnldcn, Gilchrist .will sot mo' free from the. literary partnership— ah 1 I know him— 1 know lilui— all the way through It has been whatever I might wish— nnd some day— 1 will learn how to thank him." Ho managed to got tho swathed figure over or through the turnstile; nud Blio still mur muring to hlni. They were now close by Glengnrvn House. The weeping women had rushed forward to havo the gate wide open. "And Sonierled— oh, my own, my own!" she said. "You know we must try to do something for Archie Gilchrist when he goes away to London to fight the great fight. Ay, and he will not fall. Ho will not fall. T know liiin. If all tho Assassins' Club were con fronting him, breast to breast. Ills right arm would send the whole crew of backbiters swinging to tho wall. And we shall hear of him— and read of him— oil, It Is such n won derful thing to hnve won the praise of The world— nnd the affection of so many people —In different countries— all over the globe to hnve friends and well wishers who nre grate ful to you— oh, yes, a marvellous thing— yes, and so few attnlu that— hut I know he will- lie will— he has tlie strength— lie has the width of outlook— oh, yes— he will— ho will- win to it. Do you ltuow, Somerled, that he once cnlcd me the 'belle dnme sans mercl'— and I was to go' singing on my way.' Ah, but I was never one of thnt kind. And I would have kept my promise— only— only my head has not been so well lately; nud if you sec Gilchrist, will you toll him that I ask his pardon; whatever happens, ho is tho one to forgive me, sure I am of that—" He was taking her up the gravelled path way, and she seemed to linvc some confused Idea thnt she was nearlug home. "Somerled — Somerled," she moaned, "1 nm wishing to please you — hut my voice Is not what it wns — sometimes on tho harp I could play for you, If you like tho old airs. Not the 'Braes of Glenbrnou' — oh, no, not the 'Braes of Glenbrnou''— for there was un- hnpplncss there — oil, my licnrt Is like to break when I hear tho 'Braes of Glen brnou' — I know all the Ornln unli-Albnlnn — and anyone that would please ydu — for I nm sorry to be giving yon so .much trouble — I nsk for your pardon— I ask for your par don " Ho carried her to hor room, nnd left tho womenfolk to attend lier; then he went down into tlie hall, nud took n chair there: his face wns like the fnec of a dead mnn. Nor did they altogether neglect him. After n short while Jnue tlie parlor maid enrne running lu to ask whether he would not have some ten, >or hot soup, or brandy; but bo only said "No, thank you— no, thank you" to these friendly sugcgstlons. Aud Morag tbe Mull lass — lier face "snlr begrut- teu" not knowing what else slic could do, brought cloths to wipe nwny the water from Ills ankles and feet. "Morns, my dear," ho said to her In Gae lic, "it Is kind of yon, hut It Is not neces sary; could you not bo of some service up- stairs?" And then the doctor arrived, and, with a curt nod of recognition, passed Gilchrist and went on; the case was too urgent to permit of formalities. The shivering, white-faced young man got up and began to Interest him self with the stags' horus ranged along tho wall. Oh, yes, there were some good heads — some line royals, with admirable cups — only thnt bis cj- edldnotscemtoconveyany perma nent Imprcsslou to his bralo. Undoubtedly, there were excellent bends, be strove to con vince himself — brow, bay nud tray, all ad mirable — nnd likewise there were strange monstrosities too, quite worthy of Inspec tion; nnd he tried to observe them by way of' passing the time; and he thought ho saw them— hut nil the while his heart was listen ing for tbo first footfall on the carpet of the stairway. "My good friend," said the doctor, when he came down, "yon ought not to be here nt all. You ought to be in bed. You arc shak ing ns If with the pnlsy. No wonder, per haps. But come away, f will drive you home " . "The news. Doctor, the news — what do you tlilnk?" the younger man exclaimed. He wns hustled Into the brougham, and the doctor followed. "You'll have to get homo nt once, nnd drink some hot spirits nnd go to hod — for 1 don't want another patient ou my hands just at present — " "But — hut— your opinion — what do you think of her?" lie asked, in a frlcnzlod fas hion, ns they drove off; he paid little atten tion to Ills own shlvorlngs nnd shakings, "Oil, well," said tlie doctor, cautiously, "such a shock to the system, in the middle of a high fever, Is serious enough. Yes; un doubtedly. Very serious — very had; but who. knows? She has, youth and strong health on her side. Never any young lady I have known wns stronger In her health thnu Miss Eelin Mncdonald. Yes, yes; I have been privileged to look on lier swimming — In heavy water, too; and I've seen her rowing the ease and grace of the stroke just, ad mirable; and I've seen lier throw a salmon line, nnd who is there, man or woman, who can throw a better? And all these things help — they help to build up a constitution, nnd she has all along been ns strong ns a young colt, and she may pull through any thing. But it is you I have to deal with at present — and you arc going home, aud golug to bed." Archie Gilchrist wont home; but ho did not go to bed. When ho had changed his clothes he made straight for the office of the "Invcrnlsh Observer." "Grieve," said he, to the sub-editor, "will yon look after things for the next day or two? I may not he back " "But what's tho matter?" said Grieve, ".von look very III." "All, that's nothing— that's nothing," lie said. "If you would open letters and attend to affairs generally for a day or so I am leaving by the middle-day train for Lairg, and the drive to Alt-nn-Trnlvc is long-— " "But, Gilchrist, you don't seem fit to tra vel anywhere," Ills comrade remonstrated.' "Oh, yes, 1 can manage," he said. "1 eau manage. I am not made of sugar and salt. And you'll look after everything while I nm away, won't you? And if there's any serious news you might telegraph to Alt-na- Tralve — only — only I shall be hack soon." (To ho continued,) 