BF FLOTSAM AND JETSAM. Br "Apemastus." „ benn lionet |ve ban enough <"-v gve iiavc. had t<> >1 rton ami tin 1 '- ii;i (Vallev. It^Hii'- .it • jfVful ami -i!^11 i"' tralisii Walri'l".; ( ' spartial lioliil.iv i is lAspenikie I'mk -.<•>• pare lbs'' tii!,> Hi' Ho deal, wo sporting journal- • merit to last us for a i with three days at ; at the coursiug at ..ling to the draw for ;i.iiiig of the card over 11 We are naturally week, and we get it, 'day and Caulfield 011 l> events with which ALTHOUGH Wnyfarer\s race took an inordinate amount of time to accomplish, the mile run hv the son of Pilgrim's Prog! ess was a first-class* performance, for Moore had all his work cut out to keep the bay gelding from winning by nearly a furlong. His apportionment in the Caulfield Cup is 7.7, with a reduction of 31h. j n t!, e more important event at headquarters, and with a "capable man Bueh as Chris Moore 011 his back, 'he will take any amount of beating, as he is bred the right way for a distance, his dam, Vimiera being by Wellington—Fortress, by Ace of Clubs' from Gunshot (imp.), by Rifleman, whilst the value of the strains possessed by Wayfarer's sire are shown not only by the successes at the rccent meeting of Wayfarer, Pilgrim and Bunyan, but in nearly every really important race at*Home, as Pilgrimage, the dam of Pilgrim's Progress, is now very nearly, if not quite, the most important stud matron at present in England. I am bound to foretell a great prospect for Mr. M'Culloclrs importation, and quite anticipate seeing the son of Isouomy our favourite sire, for everything lie sires can gallop "some few. : ' THE V.R.C. are to lie most heartily congratulated on the success which attended their winter meeting, although the heavy rain on Friday and the stormy noon of Saturday militated very considerably against the attendance on G.N. Steeplechase day. The novelty of having a byeday at headquarters came out all right, and as only medium stakes were provided, I should fancy the club made an extra profit, which should go to balance the final day's lack of attendance. The Sydneyites nearly brought oft' a successful covp in the Hurdle Race with Iron Duke, but lie was not equal to the defeat of the Ballarat gelding, Carbonate, which " Tommy " Wilson had in firstclass nick. Carbonate was most solidly backed, although not at quite as shoit a price as The Provost, who was just equal to a situation. Hahdlv anything but Bunyan would go with the punters for the Weltei Handicap, and although lie was slow in gettingawav, ' he Pilgrim'- Progress gelding won very cleverly from Loch Kad and Revenge. The Steeplechasers' Flat Race was altogether a novelty, and produced th > capital field of thirteen. Very nearly everything a.<wged received good attention, but the final favourite was Virago, who was very leniently treated by the h,>ndionppci and she, in Billy Powell's bauds, wi n vi-rv . 0111 fortably from old Floater and Bingara. CLARE was voted a moral for the Trial S.'eqileohase, but she got into the second fence, and thence afterwards jumped like an old com', e\ci> to punching the rails out of one obstacle. ThcSvdnev gclding Ranji, brought over by Tom Lamond*. then won in a canter from Sealing Wax and tin; specially well-backed BerrambooL For the final event of the afternoon Bunyan. notwithstanding a penalty of 71b., was. equally with The Chevalier, the" most fancied of the punters, but the latter ran very badlv and the former only well enough to obtain'special attention from the weight adjusters, as Pilgrim, who ought to have won the Winter Handicap 011 the previous Saturday, won very comfortably from Bunyan. The failure of Pilgrim in the Winter Handicap is capable of explanation, as the Pilgrim's Progress gelding does not answer to spurs or hands like he docs to whipcord, and when voung Trainor attempted to use the flail the handle of the whip broke short in his hand, and thus it was that he apparently failed when the pinch on me. The Messrs. Manifold Brothers seem this season to have reversed the general order of things, as they have been more successful with their flat racers than with the leppers, and yet theirs is the principal " jumping " stable in Victoria or even in all Australia, for the I'nnic blood shows out wonderfully in the jumpii:;; business, with the many sons and daughters of old Wellington. rain follpit.iless-ly all Friday aft ernoonand again 011 Saturday morning, ii was not surprising that the at iendaricc at FIcinington did not equal the importance ofsnch nil event as the Grand National Steeplechase. No doubt many ladies who were fatigued alter the exertions of the iioverinnent House ball the nrcvious evening were not sorry t he rain prevented tbcin from appearing: but it'certainly is a fact that I have never seen so few ladies at beadquarters on an important race day as 1 saw on Siturday last. Of course, it goes 'without saying that "Nli-. II. Byron Moore's arrangements were as peifee' a« it is possible to make" tliein, and the stewards in their high perch of observation — which J overheard a lady remark was just "simply lovely" — ought to have been able to note more critically what took place during the races than they apparently did, but it is of couise highly probable that several memos went down mi .Mr. Stipendiary Fraser's "black book." I certainly saw more "stifl'-'uns" last Saturday than I have noted for many a month, and that's saying a lot. Naturally the going was terribly heavy after the fall of rail:, and, although there were a score entered for the < ip^n Hurdle, seven was the main. Although raised IVlb. on his G.N. Hurdle Race weight, Reindeer was throughout favourite, and carried Underwood instead of Kennedy ; whilst Carbonate, Clamour, Realgar and Ripjet were all well backed, the only one to iceeivc little attention at the hands of punters being Mailboat. At the distance tin- h-Avliiig l'"i'CHt gelding, Carbonate, shot out on (In 1 otftsidc fiiid won easily from Clamour and Koalgar, the favourite not getting a place. l''orim:iA wiw the barrier for the Lawn Handicap of furlongs, and the two favourites, Bushy Park and the Tiwmanian. City Band, occupied most attention from punters. And they finished tirst and second, our visitor from the little island apparently revelling in the mud, for he von vcrv comfortably from the two-year-old, whilst Ashton once more just followed Bushy 1'arlt. I expected Drama to run well, as in the Two-year-old Handicap she. was leading at. six furlongs and had no less than l'21b. less to carry last Saturday, whilst her time trial was infinitely superior, and yet she was never prominent in the Lawn Handicap. Such are the vagaries of fillies, for she comes from one of the very few straight stables in Victoria. BACKURS of City Baud having collceicd their coin and visited Mr. Skinner's refreslimenVrooms and bars, made a general move to the birdcage to inspect the eleven candidates for the/principal jumping event of all Australia. It was generally conceded that the over-night favourite was altogether too light to sustain such a journey, and after events proved the correctness of these views, as Hayseed was in serious trouble a mile from home. " No fault could be found with any of the others nnless it- were that Irish Stew looked a triile overdone, but Floater most decidedly seemed vastly improved by hip gallop of Wednesday in the Steeplechasers' Flat Race. THE return to the ring showed there was very little difference in the prices about Hayseed or Pirate, and each was on offer at between fours and lives, whilst Floater had a slightly retrograde movement in the market, there being apparently some slight prejudice against Harry Hales—a brot her of Tom of that ilk—as a horseman, although I must confess 110 man ever rode a better race than did Hales last Saturday. Irish Stew was not too strong, and bar the four mentioned tens could have been got about anything else, the extreme outsider being N.Z., who had performed so ingloriously in the Maiden Steeplechase a week before. THE rash and hard-pulling Pirate of course showed the way over the initial obstacles, but soon put his backers out of suspense, and Irish Stew led the iield past the various obstacles parallel with the straight, and also down the river side, with Fernbank, Euro, Floater and Doon diali all going well. At the back there was vcrv little difference, but Irish Stew came down at the stone wall, and then Poondiah fell 011 his nose, but Smith did not leave the saddle, although lie lost altogether too much ground to hink of winning. Then Floater and Fernbank, as at Caullield, came away from Knro, Songster and Hayseed, and at the turn into the straight proper it looked as if the old warrior would not be able to Hive Royal Oak's brother the thirty-five pounds but Fernbank was the first to falter, and then old Floater won comfortably amidst a regular burst of enthusiasm, for it was indeed a genuine performance of a resuscitated horse. I THINK that Irish Stew would have cantered in with onlv bis 10.7 up if he bad not met with disaster,'for he was reefing at the time, and up to then jumping brilliantly. FLOATKJ! had apparently broken down so badly a year or so ago that he was purchased for about U<> only, and since then has shown his rejuvenation by winning at Caulficld and Flemington, the only occasions on which he has been asked to race oyer fences since the change of ownership, .lumping fences is only child's play to the old son ot Skipper, and apparently weight does not trouble him much, as on Saturday he carried 12-7, and had 011 a previous occasion humped to victory over the same country. It was generally conceded after his Caullield victory that the resuscitated warrior had a most excellent chance, and he was heavily supported, but ugly rumours were about to the effect that he had not been out of his box for a few days after, and, indeed, was later 011 indulged in swimming exercise instead of being galloped. Anyway, the victory was a gallant one, even if the way wore paved for him owing to the downfall ot really good jumpers. ONLY eight appeared for the July Handicap, and from the beginning of the betting Wayfarer was a most pronounced favourite, at one time touching twos ; but commissions were put in for Eiridsdale, Spindrift and The Chevalier, and he eased halt-apoint But even Moore could not ease him insufficiently to allow the others a ghost of a show to make a decent finish of it, as Wayfarer led throughout, and won by half-a- dozen lengths with his head in his chest, the second and third money going to Bunyan and Spindrift so that for the second time during the meeting geldings by 1 llgrim's Progress finished first and second. ALTHOUGH Whernside looked terribly short-of work he was made favourite for the Open Steeplechase, but, on his running in the Trial Steeplechase, Ranji should have been at a very short price. From some inscrutable reason he did not travel too well in the market, and certainly travelled worse in the race, as he acted almost throughout as whipper-in, but it was afterwards found out that Riot had badly kicked him at the post. Blackthorn, who was a great friend of the fielders, led all the way, and won comfortably from Tremolo and Riot. And : then the curtain fell on the Flemington winter meeting of '08. <)N Saturday next the Y.A.T.O. will hold one o its enjoyable meetings at Caulficld, when Avalon or Lee Melford should annex the Two-year-old Handicap, with Dairymaid and The Bird dangerous. I think the Hurdle Race may be won by Honcydew II. or Iron Duke, whilst The Chevalier, Punwcll or Eiridsdale should account for the Murruinbeena Handicap, and Spieler or Eumeralla should win the Steeplechase. Campaign should annex the Selling Race, whilst Robin, Venedaand De Wilton are well in the Kambrook Handicap. 