six brave soldiers. BY MARY TRACY EARLE, IN MUNSEY'S MAGAZINE. Oscar Dillow had fainted on the battle field without a wound, and as a consequence the wounds came afterward when he was laid up with nervous fever, while the other men lay around hint on the ltav and passed the time in thrusting at his pride. Some times it seemed as if he had none, and then they prodded deeper, hoping they might reach it somewhere out of sight. One day a little fellow named Parmlee struck it, and the prostrate giant staggered to his feet. It was a burning day. The sunlight came through chinks and knot holes, and fell in shafts of torture on tiie wounded men. Horseflies, the only original properties left in Ferguson's barn, pervaded it officiously. Outside, on the hill beyond Ferguson's fields, the shells were screaming. Dilluw had dropped into one of those fitful doses into which his overwrought nerves relaxed be tween the outbursts 011 the hill, when little Parmlee came and stood beside him. Parm lee had been to the kitchen tent of the sani tary commission, and had brought back enough oyster stew for each man in the barn, and each man had had his share, ex cepting Dillow. Now Parmlee was waiting beside him, with a dipperful of it in his band, but a contemptuous smile upon his face. "Six oysters — for a coward," he thought as he shifted his lame leg discontentedly and waited. It seemed to him against all the laws of war. He himself had had a deep flesh wound just above the knee, and Dillow had turned grey in the face at the sight of it, and had fallen over hint, nearly shattering all his bones, and holding liim in torment. And here was Dillow, still Iving almost as grey and inert as he had lain upon the nelu. Parmlee thanked all his stars for not having been obliged to lie underneath the big fellow all this time; and yet bis injured leg almost refused to carry oysters to Dil low, although it was ready enough in lend ing itself to the other men who were on their baclcs. They were brave soldiers. It aggravated the limb to have to wait upon a coward. As Dillow kept on dozing, the one thing the little attendant wanted to do was to spill the stew into his face and wake him; but some impulse caused him to look across to the next bundle of hay and meet a pair of hungry eyes that were gazing up from it. Beneath the eyes there yawned a grinning, hungry mouth, and u humorous hungry fin ger pointed into it. Eyes, mouth ana finger all belonged to a man who had fought well. He had liad one dipperful of oysters, but yearned for more. Little Parmlee hesitated ) a moment, thought of the iustructions given him at the tent, and then, grinning in an swer, tiptoed round the gigantic sleeper, and fed an oyster into the open mouth, which closed upon it as tightly- and far more blissfully than the shell in which it had once lived. Parmlee had only meant to rob the cow ard of one oyster, btit as soon as that was gone, and lie glanced about again, lie saw four other gaping months quite near at liaud. He went, from one to another like a parent bird, hud as he dropped the longed- for morsel into each it closed upon it with an expression of great bliss. There was but one oyster in the plate now, and it looked so lonely and so tempting as it circled through the broth, that before he really knew be had swallowed it himself. Then he winked silently at the live brave soldiers, and they winked at him. The broth might possibly have gone spoon ful by spoonful after the oysters, if Dillow had not wakened and seen the plate. His listless evKi found interest. "Hello", Parmlee," he said, lifting himself a little, and sniffing expectantly, "are you bringing me some oyster stew ? ' "Yes," said Parmlee, and he held the dip per for the giant's big, unsteady hands. He did not notice what young hands they were. Parmlee was only 18, and too young him self to notice such things, or to make allow ances, and he never guessed that Dillow was as young as he; but, then, no one had ever made allowances for Dillow. It is not customary to make allowances for giants. Dillow 'took the plate, and searched it with his eves, and finally looked up as one does who hears some news too sad to cre dit. , "Oyster stew without any oysters? he asked. "They give the oysters to wounded men," said the smaller hoy in a grim voice. "They think you're too much like an oyster a - ready— just as active an' fiery as an oyster, an' the same strength an' muscle to your size." He laughed, and the five men near by joined with him like a chorus, and then licked their lips, where a pleasant little me mory still lingered. Oscar Dillow looted trom one to anoiner of them and understood. A spasmodic jerk ing took possession of his hands, so that lie could not lift the spoon. Parmlee held the dipper up impatiently, and lie swallowed the broth at a single gulp,, and gave the plate so sudden a push that it ilew out of Parm- lee's hands. The little, fellow looked after it in surprise, while Dillow struggled to a sitting posture and glared at the men. "Oh, von— you— you " he began, grop ing wildly after invective and self-justifica tion nnd prophecy, but the whole wreck that he had made of his manhood, and the whole insult to it, rose iu him, struggling together and strangling him, until his voice broke out into a crv, and he fell back upon his bed and snatched the sheet over his face to hide it. The men looked from one to another, and laughed aloud. They felt a little sheepish, hut they were more certain than ever that the ovsters lutd l>cen well placed. "What he needs now is his shell to crawl Into," one said. "Don't woitv," came another humorous growl. "He'll "just drop into the water up Salt Kiver and grow himself another shell." "Plenty o' shells right here, ready an' callin' for him," chuckled still another voice, as a spitting, screaming missile went over the bam. Parmlee stooped and lifted the sheet for a final peep at the coward who lay shudder ing from the sound of the shell us the live flesh shudders from the knife. "Hush, boys," he said, replacing the sheet, snd turning to hobble cheerily out as he hail come, "lie's about to get a little rest. Sh-h-h-li-li! Oysters is so active that they need a little relaxation now an' then." , . As Dillow lay there, trying to shut his cars to the comments that passed above him, the horror of the battle on the liill seemed suddenly a trifling thing compared to the horror of his life. He threw back the sheet and sat up. The man who had eaten the first ovster rose to his elbow, too, and looked at the big boy who had had nothing left but broth. "Geltin' hungry again?" lie ashed. "No," said Dillow, passing his hand across his dizzy head. "I'm gettiu up to. wait until you're well enough for me to lick." He rose to his feet and staggered against the wall, white and quivering. There was a small window over one of the mangers, and he looked out on fields full of confusion, where the army had swept forward to bat tle, leaving last week's wounded in Fergu son's barn like a drift mark on the beach. But now; from under the cloud on the hill, a wave of men iu blue were falling back and breaking like water round a reck wherever a pursuing shell exploded in their midst. Here and there an ollieer galloped about, beating back the men and being overborne, and in the nearer fields the ambulances and army waggons tore back and forth like a distracted flock, sometimes colliding with one another, sometimes passing over a tram pled swath of fallen men. Dillow clenched ins hands and looked on -with his lips shut tight. The men behind liim 011 the hoy questioned him eagerly, but he did uot hear. At last lie turned to them. ""Boys," he said, and there was a sob in his throat that gave weight to tlio fever- thinned voice, "boys, I'm going to lick you; but while I wait for you to get strong enough I'm going put there." They stared at bim. "Wfint'U you do there?" questioned threi voices at once. "You'd be mighty useful at a. breastwork, if tbey was fortifvin', but if they're fampugin'' back here through the field " "I'll fight," said Dillow. "The boys arc falling back. They're needing fighting men." "An' the oyster riz in his might, an' sez he, 'I'll fight, I'll fight!' " sang the first brave soldier; but the coward made no re tort. He crept to the place where clothes were hanging in the place ofvarnished harnesses, and. plopping himself against a stall, began to dress. His head swam, his heart flut tered, his hands shook the garments, and the men loolted on with interest and unbe lief. throwing in suggestions and offering their own wardrobes— not being fighting men. When he was half dressed Dillow sat down on his pile of hay, too spent to finish. A warning, Sh-h-h-li!" passed from lip to Hp, followed by a laugh, for they all thought that he was giving up; but one of the five explained in his defence: "You don't understand, you fellows. He's ready and wnitin'. lie's coin' to fight on the half shell." A light pattering of spent bullets came down on the roof, and silence fell with them. It was as if the little rattle had been a death summons to each man. Finally they looked at one another. "We had ought to be moved," some one said soberly. "Wonder where Parmlee's gone to. He had ought to tell somebody to move us." "H'm," said other voices, "Parmlee's too busy movin' fellows at the front am t no body to look out for us." Dillow sat 011 his pile of hay, and clen ched his hands between his knees. I lie dm and turmoil grew about, them as the bring came in hot and close across the fields. Ine angry crackling of musketry was shaken by long, deep-mouthed baying from the guns, and shells screamed oftener about them. "My God!" said one. . , . , Dillow looked up slowiy and wonderingly at their terrified faces. It made very little difference to him to be waiting for death here, or to be waiting for it at the front, 111 action; there was nothing iu him to take fire and carry him beyond the thought ot danger. Knowing thnt these men had that which he lacked, it seemed even more piti ful to sec them all afraid. He felt that if he had gone out he might have prevented it, that out of the sheer strength of his pity he. might have led the forces aside so that the firing should not fall so close to the wounded in the barn. He could see his civil ghost dash out through the shot and the shell and bid the commanders beat their forces to one side, and he followed the ap parition with a breathless reverence until he remembered that- he himself was still sit ting with clenched hands upon the hay. He jumped to his feet with an oath, and started towards the door, and fell. A bomb had struck the barn. Its explosion rent the air, and filled it with dust and shivered wood. For a moment Dillow thought that he himself and all the rest were dead. Then he found that he could rise aud look about. One side of the ban: was gone, and the hay and dry wood were bursting out in fire. The stronger men were running and creeping and writhing from their beds, but there were some too weak to move, and some pinned down by timbers, and these cried hoarsely after the escaping ones. Overhead the flames had sprung into the loft; the stalls about the men were travelled by little ton gues of fire that ran as the rats enme run ning nnd squealing out of harm. Dillow bent ana gathered up one of the helpless men, aud took him out, passing the laboring groaning ones who helped them selves. Then he ran back into the fire for the next. His knees rocked nnd his breath was tliicK witn smoue. ine cmaers ion crackling over him, the loft sagged lower nnd lower towards his head. "Five!" he kept insisting to himself. . "There are five who can't move," and he lifted another piteous form aud dragged it out into the grass. It seemed to take years to go and come: the flames ate swiftly through the parched barn timbers, nnd the roar was likp— the thunder of cannon in his ears. Tln ce 'timcs again he stumbled hack into the 'thick- of it, three times he came out staggering, his great Wbalc body bending double-phi gaunt, blackened nnd bleeding arms wraippcil about a nerveless form, the clothes buruedijqff his back, the hair burned on his head, \he fiqpd making red furrows down his bluck> -distor ted face. A fallen beam had struck him, hut he did not kuow. "Five," he was breathing in his short, thick breaths, "five fightin' men." He started once more, and his seared flesh burned the hand that held him hack. "Lcnrnic go," he cried, turning fiercely on the surgeon who was holding liim. "1 got to get 'em — they're fightin' men." "You've got 'em, you idiot," screamed the surgeon, holding fast. "You've got 'em all but the big coward, and the devil himself couldn't pull him out of there." Little Parmlee came hobbling up among the witnesses. "That's him — that's him, he cried, but Dillow wrenched himself free. He had been crouching double, as if he still carried a weight, hut now his eyes fell on the five brave soldiers lying smokc-stnuned on the grass, and he knew that his self-im posed task was done. "All — but— the— coward," he muttered in a voice that came like the wind through the yellow com. A ripple of life straightened him. He stood up sheer and black ngainst the tower of flame that rose into the heavens, flinging out its long, bright banners to the sun.' The exultation flickered out, he swayed a mo ment, and then little Parmlee and the sur geon caught him in their arma and laid him down. The surgeon looked up at the expectant faces. _ . .. "He's gone," ho said simply. "That was a brave soldier." The men who had hats uncovered their heads in silence. Far off the regiiricnt was singing like a wave against the hill. The tide had turned. 