TJte T o w er o f London. I* lf>Ue -of all the official attempts to ndieule and buppresi it, .the information Was circulated all through' the United Kingdom Inst month that the ghost of unfortunate Anne Boleyn had been seen by fa* foot guards doing sentry service at the Tower erery eight The news created great excitement, almost consternation, among the large oumber of superstitious people, particularly of lhe lower classes. According to the old tradition# tbe appearanee of Anne- Boleyn's ghost ‘ oat fore! forebodes 4be death of a member nber of the Royal Family, and it is whispered that this is not the first ap« pearanoe of the gruesome .epook. Super* stitious gossipi maintain ihaVercr since her ternble death upon foe scaffold the ghost of tbe unfortunate queen has regularly appeared io tbe guards of foe Tuwer on foe ere of foe deafo of some member of tbe royal house. Aocounte of former appearenees, embellished with all the blood curdling details wbiob foe fertile imagination of' eupefiLUious i can invent, go from mouth to S , and *0 firz&ly; do many people bslieve in tbe story that they actually peoulate wbiob member of foe Boyal “em ilyii to be called away. The belief in ghosts, whose appearanoe 1 an evil omen, ueually foreshadowing death or misfortune in the family in whose house or castle they appear, is a very old one and not by any means oon-^ fined to England. Daring foe dark middle ages, when feudalism ruled supreme in all European countries *i>d the powerful nobility stood praetieilly beyond foe reach of foe law, many a bloody deed was perpetrated by the feadri lords and never avenged by the law. I t was tbe oonfidenoe of themssses in the belief that crime*, even if not avenged by human law. would surely be found out and puniabed by the powers of heaven which gave rise to the super' stitioa that mttraert and other criminals as well as tbeir victim* ronld find no rest in tbeir graves as long as foe murder remained nuvenged. At that time nearly every osstle had its ghost, tome of the latter were believed 10 appear every midnight and in their speotral form oot over the orimes whioh they committed in the flesh. Other ghosts visited their old haunts only at special occasions, ssaaUy on the ere of deafo or misfortune that was to in tbe family. In most caisi tbe ghost was identified by tbe superstitious domestics as that of a certain individual, either some ancestor of the family, who had distinguished himself by his bloody misdeed* or some iacooent victim of his brutal cruelty. In other eases, however, the family ghost was not identified as that of s'.me unfortunate or criminal anouter. It wee simply a ghost of a nondescript character, as much a p»rtof the oostle which it haunted as tower or dungeon. Germany, the cradle of romanticism, is fall of haunted castles, end maoy traditions have been preserved in poetical form. Not only the castles of the numeroyal and ducal families have their ghosts, but thereis scarcely an old ooble family in the Empire that cannot boast of some well authenticated spook whose shadowy existence i* firmly believed in at least by tbe servant*. The prosaic and miritary spirit of t£l. _ Prussian kings of the house of Hobenzallern did not tolerate any spooks, and, eiooe foe time of Frederick tbe Great, no ghost of any description hss besn seen iu foe castle of tbe R -ysl Family. Even before that time eppsritions of gbotts in tbe royal castles were few and far be- 