" Airs Well that Ends Well." . THE NOVELIST. CHAPTER XV. mie was such a busy raorry little crcatm-e that it had scarcely occurred to hor that sho would ever fall in love. Had any ono suggested tho possibility to her, sho would have protested, laughing, that she had 'no time' for s'uch sentiment. Above all, had any one told her a month before that she would secretly cherish a romantic dovotion for a man whose liking for hor was wholly brotherly, she would have been oqunlly astonished and indig nant. And yet this is just what had happened to her. Into hor tender heart tliore had stolen an especial lovo for and interest in one man, whoso looks and words and actions gradually grow to be more important to her than anything elso in the world ; and this man was certainly not Mr. Horomon O'Mcara. It must not he supposed however that Betty pined, or ' let concealment like a worm i' the bud prey on hor damask cheek.' She was happier at times, although snddor at others, than she had ever been in her life before. So long as he was about, so long as sho might do him any littlo sorvicc, look at him, listen to his voice, and talk about him, she was more than content, And, besides this, he was undoubtedly fond of her, if not in a love- making way. Both the Rcvelsworth brothers loved Betty. She ropresonted to thorn their absent Little One, lo whom they wrote whole letters in warm praise of Betty, while, oddly enough, neither of them said very much about Frunecsca. Madame Gillcsdid not fail to notice this omission. It is indeed strange,' she wrote to Dudley, ' that neither you nor my other dear ljoy stty much about this beautiful cousin who will slum- with you the Revels- worth fortune when it is divided next year. At first Victor wrote to me that he had fallen in love for the first time, in his life. Poor boy — his memory is short. Hut since then not n word. And yon, dear Dudley — it is also always of the little Betty that you speak. Can "this mean that you are both of you in love with the other lady?" Old Mrs. Rovclswortii herself was not at all reticent on the subject of I'rancesea's influence over the brothers. 'If I'd .stayed a moment longer in that room of hers, which hud been got up ns it seeined to me like a sort of ineditoval chapel for the glorification of herself, she declared to P>ctty, '1 should have been stifled. I got t hat odd suffocating feeling T often lmve now as soon as I walked into the room. And 1 could not cat any of those ntcssy sweets and things, Give me wholesomn tea and hi ead-atid-hntter, and a slice of plum-cuke if anything more is wanted.' ' Volt appetite lias licen getting dread fully had during the past few day..' said Betty anxiously. Its Tho old lady looked at her long and kindly : then she sighed and shivered a little. 'I'm eighty next birthday,' she said, 'and J don't, know that I've done any particular harm in the world : and yet, if I were to die to-night, I lielieve you are the only jierson who would be sorry.' ' Oh, pray don't talk in that dreadful way,' cried Betty. '"We should all he very, very sorry. And you mustn't think of such things.' 'I know one person tit least who would rejoice,' said the old lady, 'and there she goes towards the Palace with Dudley. Do you know that I saw her with my own eyes, not more than half an hour ago, slip a love-letter into Victor's hand uttd receive another from him 1 And now she is off to weave her toils round his brother. J won't huve it, Betty — T won't have such goings- on under my roof,' Mrs. Margaret exclaimed, starting from her chair in a querulous excitement most unusual with her. ' Why should this girl, this j>aukt, come here and turn my room up-stairs into a dirty Italian kitchen, und force me to spend my money on boats and billiard- tables and nasty furniture I don't like und don't want ? She or her mother the witch has brought i'l-luek into the house. First Briton went ; and now Sikcs and Ivan both seom ill. All last night Kikes kept me awake, groaning ami trembling. Bad di-euins, 1 sujqKi.se. But he never used lo have bud dreams. There's a misty influence in the house somewhere. W hy, even J, Betty, and beginning sometimes to remember those stujiid old gliost-ulories. and get half afraid at night.' Kite hud started from Iter eluiirand was standing iu front of it, holding on to the anuH and trembling violently. Her face w jiale, and her eves hud a glassy fixed look which alarmed Betty greatly. As if he understood and sympathised with his his mistress's agitation, the Lull-dog rose from his mat and crept whining at her feet. You have told me nothing of these dreams and fancies, dear Mrs. Revels- worth,' cried Betty. Why don't you let ine sleep -on the sofa ill your dressing, room, as I have often ofl'ered to do? ' 'J'm not dying or decrepit yet,' Mrs. Kevclswurth said, with something of Iter usual sjiirit : 'and I don't want a night- nurse. Y Besides, you areas nervous as a eat yourself, and would probably only make me worse. .Such fancies should be fought with and conquered.' 'But you haien't told me what the fancies are.' 'Odd sort of waking nightmares,' the uld lady answered almost in a whisjier, its she sank hack again in he.t chair. ' They must come ol' indigestion, J ant certain- -i have had indigestion lately.— .fancies in sotne way mixed uj> with thai jiieture in what they call tho haunted room.' 'The jiieture of -Mistress Catherine J'enfold ? ' 'I suj)jx)se so. I luiven'l seen it for more than fifteen years. But two nights ugo' — it was the night liefore I van was so sick — the very hot night — 1 could have .sworn I heard a rustling like stift'brocade all about- my room, nnd that I could see by the night-light a queer old-fashioned figure on the other side of the screen at the foot of my bed.' 'What was it like gasped Betty. 'Oil, of course I know it was a crazy fancy,' Mrs. Rcvelsworth answered irrit ably"; ' but it seeined to me that it was a small slim figure, in an odd muslin cttj) that hid her face, and a huge starched rutl", and golden hair in a pearl net, nnd u dress of yellow brocade ' 'The ghost's dross,' little Betty almost screamed. ' Oh, Mrs. Kovelsworth. you didn't realty see it-did vou V Sho remembered as she spoke the full purport of tlic superstition which hung about tho house. Many people, so it was rumoured, had heard tho rustling of Mistress Catherine's gown ; but to see tho wearer meant death. ' "What did you do ? ' the girl asked in lowered tones and with blanched checks, as Mrs. Rcvelsworth rcmanincd silent. 'I sat up,' said Mrs. Margaret, 'and sjtokc to it. I struck a match to light a candle by my bedside ; but- in mv hnstc I knocked over the. jug of barley-water and glass and extinguished the night- light. In the dark I heard that horrid rustling noise again quite clearly ; but, when at length I found tho matches nnd lit tho candle, thero was nothing thcro. Betty, either some one was playing a trick upon mc — which doesn't seem likely — or my nerves are shattered ; nnd, if it's tho latter, my dear, I'm afraid it's the beginning of the end.' ' It's not in the least like you to talk in this way,' protested Betty. ' You won't even hear ghost-stories talked of without laughing at them, as a rule. Why, don't you rcmomber how, a month ago ' ' A month ago,' said Mrs. Rcvelsworth impressively, ' I was a different woman.' Gazing at Iter, Betty realised the t ruth of her statement. Mrs. Rcvelsworth looked for the first time worn and haggard ; the light had faded from her eyes, tho colour from her checks. .She was no longer . the erect high-spirited autocrat, who for twenty years had brooked no contradiction and had laid down the law to every one within the sphere of her influence. She was only an old, a very old woman. ' One thing at least. I have done,' Mrs. Rex olsworth said, suddenly rousing herself from tho melancholy reverie into which she had fallen. ' T have writ ten to a friend of nty husband's, whom I haven't seen for five-and-twonly years, and who has lived all that time iu Rome, to tell mo anything ho can about this young woman, who wants things all her own way and makes lovo to t wo brothers at once. .She and her old witch of a mother are such extra ordinary-looking jieople that, otice seen, they would never ho forgotten What 1 woman has been doing t hese 1 1 years since want to learn is what was this young her father's death that she has Mich expensive tastes in dress and is so glib about, her punts and hor billiard-tables.' She has t-old you,' said Betty, in jiaincd accents. ' She was a governess in English families.' | 'So she says. Rut that's the only proof we have of it. For nty part, 1 should like to meet these English families and learn their views of Miss Frances Revels- worth.' 4 1 think you tire hardly fair to her,' Betty was beginning, when the old lady iiitorrujited her with a hurst of her usual vehemence. Hardly fair to Iter,' she cried, when there is more than a million of money at stake— plnced in my hands as a sacred trust hv my husband, to lie divided as I j jilenso among" his brother's children. Hardly fair to her, when I see Iter creeping in, making fools of it splendid follow liko my nejjhew Dudley and of his Frenchified steji brother at one and the same time. I tell you you are talking nonsense, Betty Mannington ; and I should not deserve to call myself a Revclsworth if 1 did not make every inquiry as to tho characters of the people among whom the money is to be divided. As it- is, if I die to-night, tho money would lie settled in pl'ojiort ionate shares ujion those three, Frances and Dudley and Victor — Dudley, being the elder son of the elder son, taking the largest portion. But, if my susjiicions about her jirove correct, I shall see Simjison at once, aud cut her off w ith tho merest jiittanee, and treat either of my nephews who may be trapped into marry ing her in the same way. If my old friend in Rome knows nothing, 1 intty even have to etnjdoy detectives ; but it's jiart of my duty to find out'tlie truth about my nieco Frances, whom I owned I have disliked and distrusted from the beginning ; and, now that J have jiut my hand to it, I don't mean to look hack.' Unknown, unsusjieeted by either lady, anot her jktsoii had overheard the greater jiart of this eonversatiuu. Close against the keyhole of the door Josejdi "\YeIh luii wtis jiressing his curly dark head, and straining litis ears to catch every word which fell from Mrs. Revelsworth's lips Eavesdrojqiing was a jstssion with Josejih, and one in which his lithe move ments, his fleet ness of foot and keenness of hearing, enabled hint constantly to indulge. When, a little later, Hetty left the room in search of him, Joseph, who had heard her coming, was in the pantry Is-low, whence he willingly hurried to take her message to Fraliecsca. 1 'Slip out quietly, Josejili,' Miss Mannington said, 'and see if you cun find Mr. Dudley Rcvelsworth and Miss Revels- worth in the Palace gardens. They may very possibly Ije on those seats along that quiet jiart of the Iing Water under tho trees. Do find them, and remind them about dinner ; .Mrs. Rcvelsworth will be so dreadfully vexed if they are late.' Betty's manner was graver limn usual. ' Her talk with Mrs. Revclsworth had j j tilled her with vague alarms. It seemed J to her a dreadful and almost a despicable ; j thing that her employer should jntrpose j secretly to set detectives lo limit uji j | Fiances Revelsworth's life - hislurv, : | although Betty really believed there I would he no jiart of it of which her friend I | would need to he ashamed. In Betty's j ojiinion Francesca was a grand, generous creature, brilliantly fascinating ns she was beautiful, and a model of daughterly devotion. The strange half-dread and deep-rooted mistrust, of her which charac terised Mrs. Rcvelsworth were inexplic able to Betty. It wtis true that -she herself would not willingly offend her 'panther friend,' as Ilereiuoii O'Meara had styled Franc, -sea ; hut there seeined little chance tlml she would do so, for Miss Revelsworth's good-hum, mr was unfailing, and her jiatieuee under Jier aunt's daily lire of sarcastic comment quite remarkable. Betty herself was extremly sweet- temjiered, aud ever ready to save trouble or vexation to others. She was most unxions that on this jiarti- eular day, when Mrs. Revelsworth's nerves were clearly not under control, she should not lie further exasjierated by any unpunctunlity on the jiart of her neiec and nejihew and it was for this reason thot Miss Mannington gavo Joseph direc tions as to where ho was likely to And truants, and to remind them of tho growing lateness of the hour, her own instinct teaching her infallibly that they were far more likely to bo making love under tho limo tross than choosing boat s by tho water-side. Joseph Wclldon, on his part accepted his mission gladly. Thcro was something he particularly "wanted to snv to Miss Rcvelsworth, and lie was, moreover, delighted at tho opportunity of inter rupting her tetc-a-teto with her cousin. For in tho mind of this half-Jewish, lialf- gipsv, and wholly un-English lad of fifteen thcro had grown up during tho past moth an absorbing paasion for Miss Rovelsworth, mingled with a very real fear of her. To Joseph's undisciplined and Eastorn imagination sho rcjircsentcd something beautiful nnd terrible— n very angel of wickedness, all-wiso and all- powerful. Sho exercised over liirn tho fascination of terror, and there was hardly any task he would not havo gladly per formed in her service. So far he had novor dared to offer her openly his invaluable aid ns a spy in tho enemy's camp ; but ho was fully resolved upon doing so now, and he contrived, after delivering Miss Mannington's message, to glance at Miss Revclsworth in such a meaning way that the latter immediately understood that ho had 'something of importance to communicate to hor. 'You will have to fly home, Dudlor, to dress for dinner,' sho therefore exclaimed. 'Aunt Margaret likes to see men in ovening-dress at dinner, you know. My gown will do ro I can saunter homo' slowly after you. Thus dismissed, Dudley hurried off, nnd Francesca turned at once to Joseph. 'Well,' sho said inquiringly. 1 What hnve you to toll me.' CHAPTER NTY, 'Tr you please, misj,' the buy began, as he accompanied Francesca in her slow walk towards the cntraucc-gntcs of tho Palace, 'jialf an hour ago I was outside the drawing-room door, andlaecidontallv heard ' 4 You wore listening at the keyhole, you mean,' she said, interrujiting him. 4 Yes, miss. Mrs. Rovelsworth was talking to Miss Jlottv. First she didn't say much, 'ecpt she didn't like your new room, and foil- stilled, and had lost hor appcrtite ' 4 Did she say that. I mean, did she use just those words.' 'Those very words, miss. Then she went on against, you, nnd called your mother a witch.' 4 Anything more. 4 lx>ts more. .She told Miss Betty you ! and your mother had brought ill-luck into Itlie house, and Briton dying, and Ivan j and Sykos being ill ' i 'Surely she did not connect me with ! that.' 'She seemed to say it was all a piece, j and tho dogs having had bad dreams, aud her having had bad drcunts too. Then I she spoke so low I could 'ardlv catch it. But I made out she'd dreamed she'd seen a ghost a night or two ago, all in yellow brocade, like the picture in the haunted room.' 'AVliat an cxtroardinarliy idea,' ex claimed Miss Revclsworth, with a laugh, for the notion evidently amused her. 4 Yes, miss. She said she'd heard it too, rustling about ; but she put out tho night-light trying to get at the matches. Some one was playing a trick on her, sho said, or else she was breaking up,' 'Breaking up. Were those her exact words.' 'Yes, miss. But I've heard the ghost- too.' He was glancing up at her sideways as lie sjioke, with a look of frightened admiration. Francesca looked down at him steadly. ' How cun that be,' sho nuked, ' when it is you who have been playing this ghost-trick. Have you forgotten how I caught you at it on the very first night I Hjient in the house.' 'Not me,' returned Josejih einjilmtiallv. 'Nor I'm not likely to forget it neither, if I live to he a hundred. I thought it waa an angel or a fairy or a ghost or some thing, when you come flying up the stairs after me, all golden hair ami white lace and yellow silk ; and at first I was 'alf dead with frghl. But it's not me ghost- playing now, miss,' 1 Who is it, then ! ' inquired Francesca calmly. 'Sonic mischievous boy-friend of yours ' For answer Joseph drew from his pocket, a slip of tissue-jiajxT, which ho carefully unfolded, cxjiosing to view a strip of faded yellow hnK'iule about three inches long. This he held out iu silence for l'rnnceseii's inspection. The colour rushed into Miss Revels worth's face, 4 Well,' si e said quietly, us she look the -silk from hint, 4 what is this ? ' 4 1 got it out of your work-basket under the embroidery -frame in your new room.' ' Very jiossihly. 1 often embroider on brocade. But why have you kept it. ! j The boy looked at her hard, clearly | taken aback by her coolness. ' I- I liked the colour,' lie .stammered, ; holding out Ids hand for tho silk. But Fratieesca coolly slipped it into her pocket. 4 It belongs to me," she said, 'and I mav want it for my work. I shall he angry with you, Joseph, if you begin picking my things about ; and, although I" tun very kind, I should advise you not to offend mo. J have shielded you so furaboul theghost- t rieks and about the (logs ; but, if I find you interfering with my affairs, I may not la; so kind for tho future.' Josejih sta.ied at herojien-inouthcd. About the ghosi lricks and about the dogs,' he exclaimed. 4 Well I liko that ' At the sudden familiarity of his lone, Francesca drew herself tip to her full height and gave hint such a .scornful look that Josejih quailed beneath it. 1 Have you anything more to say that will interest me V she inquired icilv. 4 We are at the gates now. I do not wish to la; seen returning with you, and T am not concerned with what vou like or dislike.' (to he continued.) 