THE STOENGTH^F TWOC ' :T ■ By ESME BTUAET. Author of "Kestrel of "jG'reystone," " "Muriel's Marriage,? "A Mine of Wealth," &c.; ,■ CHAPTER XXII.—JOY GIVES IX. Cattie knew that the field ivay would be impassable after rain-so she went-by the road, as Jhs. Leekey suggested-.-- This- was ' the reason, oflier missing Joy. Her sharp brain could make- nothing-of the-absence of her young mistress. -. She very much mis trusted Keziah and Nichols, but she could form no ' possible conjecture why Joy should have been detained by them. She felt Carta in that "S'Ti-nr" irao in tlio felt certain that "STvor" was not in the secret, for. there had been no shamming ahout his anxiety. Cattie possessed .. that natural - cuteness which ib often found where education has made least furrows across the soil of native character. -Cattie having "thought herself warm," as slie ex pressed it to herself, without other result than renewed shakes of her red mop, de cided tliat she would' try this evening to j find some solution to the mystery. She trudged along bravely in the dark, swinging j her lantern, and being afraid of neither man nor Baiguest. She always got quickly over the ground by the help of a quaint jog-trot which was more useful than ele gant. At last she reached the suing gate, \- - - - fuTl of and ran up the drive. She was hopes of seeing Miss Joy again. She had been very anxious about her, and Sir Ivor was now in her good books because he had brought the news that Joy was really com ing home. She was about to ring the bell when she meditated that Keziah was not likely to be oyer-pleased at the sight of her, so she decided that she had better go to the back part of the house where she muht -be nearer the natural haunts of the.snarler. The Moat House was built round a square, the back regions of which were entered by a large archway leading directly into a courtyard. Miss Deborah's room was at tbe east end of the house, not looking into the yard, but into the garden, and. the great chestnut-tree was close to the win dow, though it was too still this evening for the branches to tap at- the old lady's window. Cattie cautiously shaded lier lan tern, peering curiously about aS if she were afraid of some one springing upon her ! unawares. Then she rang the bell as if the house was on fire. Presently she saw a light being carried througli a room near at hand, and soon Keziah appeared looking as sour as curds. "Alawks! what are you come for? Told you not to come-again, Red Mop." "I'm her girl ana I've come to fetch her home," said Cattie, placing her disengaged hand upon her hip and swinging her lan tern recklessly. "Have you? Then you can go away again. She's gone." "No,-she ain't gone, of I'd have met her." "You're a hussy, tliat's what you jjre, and the sooner you go the better, occupied I tell you." "She was here before when you said she wasn't so now I'll just like to ask t'old lady. She's not so silly as some." "Well 1 never," exclaimed Keziah. "You're a little worm as 'as uo business to be crawling about here; you, to say that to me; as is going to be " Keziah paused. "Take your red mop off. She ain't here, that precious mistress of yours, and I've got company.' There was a bang, and Iveziah shut and locked the door in Cattie's face. Cattie thumped her red mop,'and what was be neath it, against the door, though merely as a protest, for she did uol think it pro bable that Keziah would open the door again. Then she walked out of the court- ■ yard, meditating as she went. _ • "Is it true or ain't it? Keziah's heart is just as black as soot. Wonder if t'old lady knows about it?" Cattie was walking round the path which encircled the house, the trees and the shrubs coming almost close up to it. The branches were wet, and as Cattie passed and shook them they drenched her. "Of course Miss Joy may have gone t'other way, but one can't say. She'll find it pretty muddy, and there's that nasty river. But then again, she mayn't." Cattie turned the angle of the house and faced the east end. There was a light shining above. It came from the old lady's room. Suddenly an idea entered into her head. She would climb up the walnut tree and peep in. The brandies were easy, and though it was dark her lan tern showed her that she could reach high enough to peep in, for in her younger days Cattie had climbed like a cat. The idea pleased iter immensely. "Can't show myself though; might give t'old one a-(it, and.] could see it Crooks hadn't murdered her. Clapper and tongs. It would make me feel creepy to be under Keziah's thumb." She hung her lantern 011 a branch of the walnut tree, and was soon climbing un the broad, spreading branches. The wood was wet and slippery, but Cattie had 110 re spect for clothes, and was, besides, dressed in thick homespun. Anybody with moderate power of clinging on could have ascended this natural ladder. She was pretty sure of not being seen if she was cau tious, and she had every intention ot talcing care, for she mistrusted this strange household. "Old ladies, as hoards up their tin ain't always careful enough. No one could rob Miss Joy, because she ain't got nothing to be robbed of. She said so. Lawks, now. S'lvor is sweet- on her, and means it too; but she'll not forgive that eard-playiug. 'Tain't likely any one would like to he sort of bought like a pudding-dish at a fair. Bake me alive! where is't old lady?" For Cattie had very cautiously crept forward to the end of her bough, lier weight being not great, so that'she eoukl now see plainly into the room. There was the old four poster just as she had seen it, but where was Miss Deb propped up with pillows? Cattie stared at the empty bed, too much astonished to do anything else. "She called it her deathbed, one as she was to die on; but she's got off it now, anyway, 'Spose she's not gone upwards alive like 'Lijah; ain't good enough for that; but where is she?" Cattie could not stay there for ever; there was nothing for her to do hut to get down again. Of course, thought she, the light was kept in the room evidently to make believe the old lady was there,' It was some deep trick of Keziah's. "Looks very queer, very queer," said Cattie,' crawling down from her position, and chuckling at the idea that she had cir cumvented Keziah. She wanted to return and to tell her enemy what she Itad done and seen, and with this intention she hastily slid down, seized tier lantern, and went back into the courtyard. But another bright idea struck her. "Peeped into one window; I think I'll peep into another. Better not rouse that snarler. I 'spewe the t'oid lady's got her match." Cattie put her lantern behind a water tub and crept up as quietly as she could towards the wiudowiShere'SHe stiH saw fearot slipr w „ Je&iU; tocmdv ^ Keziali | ^ad^/ne>^^r.{ear/gLv^^r^'d>md;:3xever'.j allowed one lo be chained m tlie courts yard; .but . tte . neighbourhood _ scarcely needed'toe ala^ hark of a canine "crea-. tare, for tramps -were almost unknown in this wild district,- rand thefew that passed were more'afraid of this gloomy jdace than. the^Moat House was of tuem. ■ ■ Nearer Cattle crept, approaching the window sideways, aud when she reached it she quickiy_ peejied, in. .Keziah was th ere, ■ but to Cattie's astonishment, she saw her standing in front of Nichols, not the old Crooks she had lately seen, but a dwarf dressed in very fiup tailor-made clothes. He was looking at himself in a looking-glass, which Keziah held out; before him. Cattie could hardly help laughing at the < gravity and self-satisfaction, expressed iu * old Crocks's face.' •* .' "Bake me alive!" said Cattie to herself, "These line feathers means that he's hid ing something wicked under 'em. Ain't put 'em on only for courting Keziah; But where's t'old lady, that beats me." Cattie was. fascinated by the sigjit of old Crooks metamorphosed jn this manner. She could not look. awav, and presently Keziah put down her glass, and hastily undid a bundle lying on the table iu the coruer of the room. Cattie could not see . into that coiner, and she wondered what Keziah could be doing, when presently she reappeared dressed iu. a long silk gown, - and exhibited herself to the dwarf. He did not seein to be altogether fascinated, for he often looked away from Keziah to the glass placed in front of himself. Kezi all's face clouded over, and she went back to the cor-' nrr. Then she opened a box and took something fiom it, and in. a few minutes site returned to the dwarf's 6ide. Cattie had to bite her tongue to prevent herself laughing outright. The sour-faced Keziah had to put on a tiara of diamonds, besides some diamond earrings and bracelets. $he sparkled like a glass chandelier, and even Nichols now looked at her with interest. Cattie could not hear wliat they said, she could only see their gestures of admiration. "T'old lady's diamonds," thought Cattie, for report had repeated many fairy tales about these liiddeu treasures. "Whatever does she want to deck herself up in them for? Tain't to increase her beauty, any ways.. Perhaps she's murdered old Deb." This idea did not altogether make Cattie feel comfortable, for she began to ex perience a creepy, sensation which was not caused by the fear ot man-. She left off peeping, and now wished she had never begun it. She wished, too, that she were a hundred miles away, and the best thing she could do was to fly from this strange place Where things were as they shouldn t he. All the way hack Cattie felt as if Keziah was pursuing lier to murder her, and the vision of Miss Deborah's lighted room With no occupant, frightened her more than if she had seen a ghost. When she reached Catlin she considered if she should go and wake up the household of the Lapwing for it was now very late, hut the strong desire to see if Miss Joy had returned prevented hut, so she jogged on bravely regardless of damp and fatigue. They Said Miss Joy was gone home, hut was ft true? Keziah and her lover were up to some tricks, but why they should both liate Miss Joy was -anore than Cattie could fathom. When she at last reached the Flat Is all was silent. ' The door was locked, but Cattie was not dis turbed by that fact. She knew a window through which she could gel in. . In a few seconds she, too, like Joy, inspected the parlour, having first procured herself a light. There was nothing there, hut in the kitchen she found Miss Joy's wet petti coats hanging on a chair hack. Cattie's eyes gleamed more brightly with pleasure. "She's home, anyways; the house feels different like. 1 wasn't going to stay with t'old selfish; 'twasn't to he expected 1 should. Ugh. Mi's. I.eekey says the men folk are the salt of the earth, but 1 think they're a mixture of salt and earth—spoils the salt if it's better for the earth." ■She took off her shoes and crept up stairs, shaking her red mop at'all the my stery that surrounded her present life. Cattie hated anything which she could not understand. It sSeined to her to be an in sult to her capacity, and as such she called it "horrid." At Joy's door she paused aud listened. She could hear nothing, so she silently opened the 'door and peeped in, remarking to herself— "If you can't hear, you must look, and no one as I knows of can- see through a wooden door." This time Cattie's peeping revealed to her Joy in bed and fast asleep. One arm was thrown back forming a pillow for her head. Her face looked sad and careworn, and there were dark rings round her eyes. Cattie gazed as if spellbound at the beautiful picture "She ain't like no one else. I daresay, now t'old one's snoring away without think ing of her. Pity she don't take to S'lvor. He just worship the ground she treads on." Having thus satisfied herself that Miss Jo> was really safe, Cattie softly shut the door and retired to bed, not forgetting to return thanks in her strange prayers 'cos t' Almighty had let Miss Joy slip out of old Crook's clutches, though lie didn't seeni to have trip tied him up.at all himself; but she hoped that would "come some day soon. Amen." Cattie tlien curled herself up in her small bed in the attic. She did not look beautiful, hut she slept the sleep of the just during the hours still claimed by night, and the next morning she was down early and bustling about her work as if she had never run away from her place. Joy slept late, and when she awoke there was Cattie with her shining face crowned by her shining hair, waiting to give her a cup of tea. .toy was so unused to being waited upon that she jumped up, exclaiiu ing— "Oh, I'm late; aud father will he expect ing his breakfast. Oil, Cattie, 1 am glad to see you again. 1 seem to have been away, oh so long." — "That change of air ain't agreed with you, Miss Joy. Whatever did you .stay away for? lie and me—that's S'lvor, you know—has been in such a stew about yon." Joy laughed. It did her good to see thai red iuop, emphasizing Cattie's words with uods. , "Oh. I was at the Moat House, and—— I can't say any more, Cattie, so don't ask me; but I am so glad to get away, and to be here again at home.' "You seem to liave come down the stream like a duck, Miss Joy. Lor, your dress was dripping." Joy explained her accident. "S'lvor ain't a had 'un considering," said Cattie. "Never thought' you'd come that way. It's all owing to liiiu as you're here, so' 1 hope you diau't snap his nose off." "Look here, Cattie, you are old for your years, and you can understand. Sir Ivor chose to think that I was a mere—well, a mere tiling for barter. He wagered £100 for me ana—won it. You can understand, Cattie, that a woman who respects herself can never forgive that, and that she must wipe out the shame of it somehow. I went to my . aunt to borrow the money, I hut l-'-I lo^t it. I fell, and—anyway, I ■ Iwt; iL-1J3ierd ript^ryimmnaOT * "Yes,.Afiss :1Jpy.' 1 I?itmrriieeiiifc^afallc .-half ."an eye; leastways, I aee -.-jgu-Caotft like it. Ko -buewiU'eyer' wani^Yo:<give' a hundred pounds fprsn»e>/.ihoip^I7eo can't feel wiietlier i should taund.at vor nOtj . but S'lvpr just never. tbought tb^tyou'dhe so . mad about it. Look here," Miss Joy, if you jet. me, 111 just butt -at him: with iny bead next time be comes 'along, and that'll knock the breath out of,hint quite. I used to do it to father .yvhen he was in drink and- beealled me. Lor! Miss :Joy, he couldn't speak for ah hour, after it; My bead's that bard it clean knocks a nianv to nothing." . "db, Cattie! No, of course not. . It isn't that sort of punishment that would help me!" but „Joy bad laughed vngain, and. Cattie retired-feeling, happy. : Mr.- Ilj-deard was edting" his breakfast when Joy appeared. -Cattie had so well supplied his wants that he was in a more amiable mood than usual. . ''I've come backj father," said Joy quietly.' "I'm afraid you've wanted me. I liad a fall coming out of Aunt - Deb's house, and I was stunned for a little while,, so I was'kept tliere." "Well, that sour crab apple mi^ht have sent very Cattie1 ... . . . •strange. I think she's daft. She tan away, and I must say I was left in a very uncomfortable position.' You'd better get rid of her Sir Ivor came to see after you, too. He didn't know where you were, but he told me you were angry because", . < Joy's face flushed as she stood before her father. She might- have been a model for a Greek statue. "Father, be told me what you did that piglit when you played with him' at the Lapwing. Do you think that I was going to let you sell ine to him like that? Never. I shall find-some means of paying bim, even if we have to starve in the mean while?" "What nonsense, Joy! You always were full of high-flown ideas. That hundred pounds was nothing, a mere detail, but I .iiave promised your hand to him, and you will never have a better offer. He is rich, and he belongs to a good old family, and I'm not going back upon my word. He's in a hurry to get married. It's better for him, besides, it's the only way you can repay me, and provide for my old age. I am to have this house. It suits me very well. Now look here, Joy, can't you be sensible? You couldn't earn any money. How could vou? If you go away who's to take care of me? I'm getting old—be sides I didn't tell you~ftve had lately to mortgage my annuity, I wave the future to think of. If you vton't have him, then I'll write to the Count, and be shall come here. He would in a minute if I write to bim. I'll give you your choice, and that's more than many parents do. It's ruin to j me if you don't—Sir Ivor or the Count.' Jov turned away and bid her face in her 'hands. He bad mortgaged his an nuity, their only means of subsistence'. She ; knew that her father's words this time ' were no hasty threat: she knew that be would write to the Court, ami that that i odious mail would appear to claim her. j She shuddered at the hare idea. She i seemed to he so hedged in with trouble ' and difficulties. What could she do? j Then-she thought of Ivor's words. It she married him, she might be mistress of Nor- j inandvke, and he would never come' near her. With all his faults and his rough ness be was noble when compared with the Count. It was from a life with this hitter, a life which made her sick to think of even, that she had so willingly fled to these deso'ate regions. She did not answer at once, and Mr. Lvdearfl, who knew Ids daughter s ways, imagined that he bad gained a victory, otherwise rloy woulil Ikivo itlrofuly silenced him. "Besides.' Joy." he continued, "we owe a great deal to 1dm besides that paltry hundred. This is his house, and lie leaves it to me at a noivdiiai rent. It's all part of his payment for you. 11 you positively say no—why, 1 suppose we must turn out again, and I'm not at all strong. In fact, 1 feel far fn*m well to-day. That | red-haired girl upset me yesterday, f "This is his house!" exclaimed Joy, ' turning pale, and crossing Iter arms iu j despair at hearing this last- crushing "Yes, of course. It belonged to his mother." ,,,«■•> "Why did you never tell me that.' "Oh, 1 knew what a fuss you'd make, and after all, Joy, we are nearly penniless, and vou do nothing but fume about noth ing, and then, as if we were not poor enough, you lose £100. Aunt Deh will make ine pay it." Joy felt crushed. >She could never repay all this. They were indebted to -Sir Ivor for even the roof over their heads! She came slowlv forward again and stood by the big open fire, and the flamehght could not hide her excessive pallor. "Father, I see that it's too much for me. You give me a cruel choice. I'll marry Sir Ivor, hut onlv only in name. He offered me that, and I'll accept it." Mr. Lydeard rose hastily and kissed ''Never mind conditions, Joy. God bless you, child. We are saved. 1 know he is rich—immensely rich." 