THE 1NEW COOK. 11 1 suppose Katio thought that sheironld| havo moro work to do if thero was a guest in tho houso ; soon after I told hor you wero com ing sho was taken sick nnd had to leave. Let j mo see — whero was I P ' Ono of butter, two of I sugar ,,;foiir'egfts.-t Now, Margaret', you need not beat'-those eggB.' . I dtclaro it is a shamo to iuvito vybti -hero '- and then' put -you up iu tl^s kitchen -to- work ^ - .i . yHerfc: pretty Mrs. Tborno paused to tako breath., ? lflargaret: looked up at her friend and laughed— a low,, hearty, laugh that was good to bear— and continued to beat the foaming white mass on the pinto sho held. If you heurd Margaret Mooro laugh withoutjieeing her face you wotild have an ' instantaneous desire to be hold it, then you would 'have wished to know the owner, not that it was a beautiful face; it was simply bright and happy. Her voice matched tho laugh iu its low, sweet tones. V You aro the samo old Lutie. 1 cannot see that a. husband aud n boy have changed you in the least. I am sorry for y'our'sako that your cook is gone, but you need not worry on my accouut. i,ftm nover so happy as when busy at some pieco of housework, especially cooking. You must: remember that 1 havo had a very practical education. At homo we girls always managed the house.' ' That explains your knowing how to do everything. Ah, 5Iurgaret, what a mistake somo mothers. make in bringing up thoii: daugh« tors, 1 am for ever in a muddle of some kind. You would be surprised and shocked if I told vmt nF shind of;-fchft mistakes 1 have mado since I havo' been housekeeping.: -And it is all owiug to my'Tlob having boen 'taught when I was a girl at home/ *WtiVn I have a good servaut every, thing goes on very well, but it is often tho caso that I am p.hliged to put.up with a poor oue, aud sho must- ever remain so, for I cannot teach her better..' Thero was such honest distress in her faca that Margaret did not laugh, but helped, her with the cake and changed the subject. Supper timo came. Mr. Thorue was homo from the bank and Iittla Robbie from school. Margaret had made a disli of salad, aud the cake was pronounced delicious. ?' I don't .see but what we can got along' very well without a cook,' said Mr. Thorne, helping himself a second timo to the salad. . ' That is because Margaret is hero.' ' Never mind.— she is going to teach me all she knows. I Hhall surprise you yet,' said the little wife, hopefully. He laughed, rose from tho table, and was about to leave the room when he drew a letter from his pocket. ' Here is a- note froni'Aunt Sarah, pet ; I had almost -forgotten it.' Mrs/Tborne.opeuort the scented envelope and read the.note inside in silence, but her face was eloquent with;.diBappointment aud despair. What in the, world' is tho matter, Lutie ?' said Margaret anxiously. ' Is anyone sick or dead P I nover saw you look so hopeless.' ' Aunt Sarah and Mary are coming here.' '* Is that all?' ?' ' Why, Margaret ! You have no idea what a horrid woman Alint Sarah is. She and Mary come and stay a month at a time. ' They aro such model housekeepers that tbey think! ought to be too, and never excuse a mistake. As for Mr. Tborhe's aunt, Aunt Sarnh thinks sha is privileged to look into my closets and cupboards — and — well, you know they are al ways more or less stirred up. I do straighten things once in a while, but they won't stay that way loug. I dou't profess to bo a model house keeper, but it is so aggravating to have her , fuss with me ! Sho is a regular *py, and Mary | is just like her,' . - - ' w Having thus freed her mini Lutie tranquilly finished her supper, Then they talked the matter over seriously. 'In the first place we must get a cook at any. price,''- said Lutie. ' And it is almost im possible to engage a good'oneat suctj short notice.'' — ,?M' '' ' If they are b6ming to-morrow evening it would be better to put the house in order first. Let your wushcrwdman come aod scour every thing in the kitchen und 'pantry. ; you and I can see to- tho rest of the houso, and bake up some nice things tw.tickle Aunt Sarah's palate.' Lutie's faco brightened. ' You are jusV lovely ! If Aunt Sarah is neat she can't begin to cook as you do. I only wish she could taste some of your dainty dishes.' ' How long will they stay ? I do not think you fiuished reading the letter, you were so np set.' Lutie took np th? noto and read — ' So sorry, but we can remain with you but a fow days.' ' Isn't that just splendid ? 1 might get a girl who would be wiliiug to come for so short a time.' ' Please mum, would I suit ?' said Margaret, dropping a curtesy. ''Don't joke uow,-' 'dearf I am in such troublo I' ' I; was never more earnest in ray life.' Lutio. opeh«d^ ber'rijray eyes to their widest extent, while her friend fjrpeeeded to explain herself. . », ? ?--. ' I have not met your auut and cousin, and do i ot wish to. It will lie. such fuu ! Pray, let mo do it, Lutie. It has rained so since I came that no one has called, and so no one knows, I i am here. I have been playing the fine lady in | town for the past six months ; it would be so | refreshing to be tlienewcook for a littlo while.' j So Lutie finally consented to the plan. | ' How did you enjoy your visit at your uncles P'' sho inquired, as thoy washed the dishes and arranged the table for the next meal. ' Oh. it was grand, of course. They live in nn elegant mansion on one of the most fashion able streets in the city, and entertain a deal ot company. It was a great pleasure to me lo go to tho opera. Aunt insisted on giving mo all my party dresses, and I 'daresay I passed for a joung'Iady who had been reared in tho lap of luxury, and-know nothing uf the common duties of life,' 'A gentleman ftttin this place, a great fraud of' ours; w»s,;iu. tho city last witi'ter atteuding-.lecturcs. I. wonder if youmethiih — Doctor Stone*?' , . Margaret s,f/Mie .flushed, i . .' Yes. ho came to.tiie house quite often. . He is ^elated to one of 'aunt's friends. I did uot know he lived here.' ' ,' Ho is not here now, artd' I am glad, for Aunt Sarah and Mary will* bo disappointed. I havo no doubt that is the object of their visit. Auut is determined Mary shall capture him, aud I am afraid tho'.poor fellow will be bouud to yield.' The uext day was a very busy one for the two friends. When night caine everything was in perfect order ; uot a closet had been neg lected. It is sofo to say Mrs. Thome's house had uever been in such a state before. The pantry was filled with good things, and Lutie was fairly dumb 'witil astonishment at the 'marvellous results attaincd-by her friend. The guests arrived late iu the evening. Auut Sarah was one of the patronising kind of women ; Mary,' a palo, languid woman of 33, whoso beauty was a thing of the past, but with .very-girlish ways. ? ..* Tho next: morning Aunt Sarah looked with wondering eyes at thq bypakfasfc table. Tho china and silver wero thp same, but somehow nc v. in .their arrangement,' Then wh|en Lutio poured out the ninber coftec, clcar'and strong, and delicious with ; rich cream. Aunt Snruh looked really injured. 1 fa th$re wns anything sho wail proud of it was' 'knowing how to make good coffce. Lutie always had a locturo on this subject. This morning sho was forcod to ao knowledge in hor secret heart that tho coffee was superior to her own. Then she turned her ^attention to the meat. It lay upou tho table, smoking hot, a delicate . pieco of broilotl ham with butter gravy. Then the bread— plain biscuit baked' a palo brown^ and corqucttes -mado of chiclcen— could any thing bo nicer? One thing she was certain of, however, it was not Lutie's d^ing; , ' You must have a n0W.;C09k,^ said Mary. 11 Is she a good girl ?' ' . , - ' Ob, yes, very good I*' answered Lutie| with a twiuklc in her eye, as Margaret en,terei just then with a plate of hot biscuits. . . Aunt Sarah looked up and scanned hor from bead to foot. . . '?Avery gouteel-lookiug girl,' thought she, tl and the best cook Lutio ever had.' After breakfast came the tour of inspection, and Lutie laughed to herself to see bow dis appointed her aunt looked as tbey roturncd to the sitting-room with no subject for a lecture. She would have been still more amnsed if she had known the resolve in that lady's mind. It was this : %\ I shall offer that girl higher wages to como and live with me.' ' I am sorry Dr. Stone is not in town,' said Lutie, expecting to see her guests look crest fallen. But Mary answered briskly — ' Oh, yes, ho is I He came in on tho same train that we did.' ' Well, really J' said -Lutie, inwardly raging. 'Thero! As usual 1 have made a muddle, when I was so anxious that Doctor Stone should fall in love with Margaret... Now I have . left the fit; Id clear for, -.thttt.abomiiiablo Mary, andf Margaret in the kitchen ! What shall I do?' . She wont out to her friend and tried to nee suade her to abandon her plan. She was not successful. 'I do uot see auy dai.g' r in it. Ho need not seo me. Let Miss Mary hnve. full chance, and you can ropoi t what headway she makes.' Doctor Stone came and called, camo again and spent the evening with his friends. A wee*k passed, aud the geusts said uothing about leaving. ' We are in for a month's siege,' groaned Lutie, in secret Soon after this the doctor called one after noon and Tound Lutio alone. She hegau to question him about his winter iu the city. ' I had a friend spending the season there ? Margaret Moore. Did you meet her ?' dhe asked, looking at him with innocent eyes. The joung man changed colour. ' Yes, 1 met her very often.' j ' You liked her— you could not help it,' said sho, eagerly. ' I remember now thatyou once told me you wished I would fall in love with this friend of yours,' said he, with a sad smile. ' And so you did,' thought Mrs. Thome, ex ultantly. 'Sheis very charming,' he continued, ' very lovely ; but she would not be the right kind of wife for me. I am a poor man, a physiclau, and when I marry it must bo with a girl who has had a practical education. Miss Moore has been teuderly reared by wealthy relatives. If you could see her, as 1 did, sparkling nit h diamonds and arrayed in costumes whose cost would be a whole year's income to me, you would not won der that I fought back tho love 1 felt for her. Such a maniage would only bring unhappi ncss.' Just hero the guests returned, and Lutie ex cused herself and ran upstairs to Margaret's joom, whero she laughed until she cried, but refused to explain to anyone tho cause of her merriment, Ductor Stone had a very urgent invitation to dine at the Thome's the next day,- and the ' dimjfr was a marvel of culiuary art, Lutie fult : a little nervous when she tapped the bell, and noticed that. Margaret hesitated a moment as she opened the door and saw tho trap that had. been laid for her ;? b\it it waS^ouly 'for^ a mo ment. She then came forward and performed her duties. Doctor. Stone and Aunt Sarah wero having a very interesting discussion, and probably he would uot.have noticed Margaret if she bad uot called his attention to her. ' This is the girl whose cooking we have been praising,' she said, more determined than over to coax her away. Doctor Stone looked up with a pleasant smile at tbe blushing girl, when he uttered an excla mation of surprise and half rose from his chair. Margaret felt that it was time for her to leave, and did so as quickly and quietly as possible. ' What is the matter, doctor ? You look as if you bad seen a ghost,' said Mary sharply. He murmured something and looked to his hostess for help, but that naughty littlo woman seemed as much surprised as the rest. ' Don't you think— did you not uotice the re semblance P' ' Between whom P' ' Your servaut and Miss Mooro.' ' Now that jrou speak of it, I believe I do. There is soraothiug about Peggy's oyes that made me think of my friend.' Mr. Thorne looked as if he were going to speak, but a littlo private telegram from his wife made him change his mind. Tho men started away soon after dinner. Lutie managed to whisper to the doctor that Aunt Sarah and Maiy would be out the next evening, and if ho' would call she thought she 1 could explain that resemblance. He looked more mystified thau ever, but promised he would , It took considerable strategy to make Mar garet put on her most becoming dress and go to the door when the bell rang. She thought Lutio meant mischief, and when Doctor Stone stepped into the hall and took both of her hands in his, saying, ' Can it be possible that it was you I saw yesterday, or have you just arrived P Pray explaiu this mystery,' she felt sure it was a plot, and was unable to say a word. Lutie came in and told the story in such a way that Doctor Stoue saw at once how blind and foolish ho had been. The words he could not utter three months before to this elegant Miss Moore now trembled on his lips. Lutie, seeing this, slipped iway. Auut Sarah att'd Mary returned to be intro duced to the futuro Mrs. Stone, and were dumb from wrath. The'uext train carried them home, ?Lutie secret ly hoping they might stay there. As thej; believe she was the chief oft'euder in this plot to circumvent their plans it is likely thef will. Margaret makes the doctor au oxcellent wife, and has nover for a moment regretted tho time when she acted as ' the tew cook.' 