GEELONG BEAT MELBOURNE ' . Melbourne again ployed 'a' changed team on Saturday nt Goclohg,"nnd while- tiic two new men —H. Rippon.' frdm Cnulfield, and Atkinson, from Collegians— both justified their inclusion, the ruck was sadly weakened by tlie absence of Wnrdill; .while Moysey, Sholl and Strahnn, though present, were unable to piny. James was a notable absentee from Geelong. There was a large attendance, in- auceu, no uouut, u inc pcncct cauicr, unu in terest in the match was furthered by Melbourne's success in Hie former game. Tlie play, however, was decidedly disappointing, and though local spectators were gratified by witnessing Geelong's victory by 7.9 to 2.7, it was by no means an inter esting match to watch until after the interval. The scrambling and generally unskilful character of the play 'vcrc surprising, until It taeunu known that the players on both sides were handicapped by a ball that played treacherously, being some- what- loose, us though not fully blown up. Dur ing tlie first half nobody seemed able to send it far; but Geelong's better ploy enabled litem to retire at half-.timc with a score of i.fi to 0.1, with out having given their visitors a ghost of a show. Melbourne played up well in the third quarter, but never showed system equal to that of the home team in the. second hulf, though tlie play generally was of u much higher order after the interval than before it. There were some good contests on the centre lino, where M'Callum, who was In great form, frequently beat Lewis, and Brockwcll pre vailed against Mitchell; but Robertson again dis tinguished himself, and was too clever for Bailiff. Bums, both defending and on the ball, pluyed a fine game for Geelong, as did Pinoott, 11. M'Shanu and Conway back, and Joe M'Shunc in the ruck, where he was well supported by Flynn, Dear and Jim M'Shane. Walker shone conspicuously amongst the forwards, llollignti, White and Leigh-, ton also doing good work. Tlie unrivalled star of Melbourne was Wood, who played a superb game half-back, frequently dashing down the centra and defying opposition until , he Jjinded the ball amongst the forwards. Lnnigan and Sutton were also effective in defence, and the centre-line men- have already been- referred to. Pirrie did . some . clever rock . work; hut M'Glnis, 'though at times he did some rat tling hits of play, seemed' to' - tie as much affected by tlie. loose ball as the others. Young ond Steele, were the best pf.Uic/tforwaid5. : Lelth doing better when given a rim on the hull. Young Atkinson, of the Collegians/ who played > back, showed the makings of a sound footballer, but the Cuulflcld junior, Leslie Uippon, who played so well agulnst South Melbourne, though lie stood a lot of knocking about, wns placed to ' disadvantage against jmch a general as Conway. His brother. Harold Uippon, who made his first appearance in senior football, created a very favor- able impression, nnd particularly pleased the old Melbourne players by his free, dashing game nil through' the match. In the lust qunrtcr he was back, but during the first three quarters his play was very useful, hndMie is one of the energetic sort, light' built, but_clevcr, and evidently a good stayer. ' Recently the Melbourne executive" nave shown good "judgmcnt in bringing forward young players of promise. 'The wisdom of ibe ixilicy hu3 certainly been demonstrated in the play ol Robert- sou, the two Rippons, Atkinson,. Pirrie and Dyers, but what Melbourne still lack is the- establishment nnd observance of such system , as that which ac counts- for. the success of Essendbn and Colling wood. 