GENERAL NEWS. An effort is being made by Mr W. M*Far lane, jnn., and other young men to resuscitat* the Wodonga Rifle Club, which was allowed to tr yield up the ghost ' a couple of - years apo. A rather amusing accident, that might easily Have ended disastrously, occurred a few days ago to a landholder at Nareen near Coleraine. The landholder was mixing phosphorus and pollard, and having part of a stick ot phosphorus over he thoughtlessly put it into his trousers pocket, with tbe result that the upper part of those garments was speedily in a blaze. His first thought was to cut off the burning part, but on seat ching for his knite be f -und tbat it was in the pocket with the burning phosphorus. He th»-n tried io slip the trouseis otf, but, n-t being of a fashionable cut, they would not pa-s over his b.iots. Things were ' beginning to look serious wueu it occurred to bim to make tor a waterhole which was close at hand, and which be managed to reach with a few awkward bound?, extin gu shing the Hames before he bad sustained auj personal injury. The always popular Art Union in con nection with the anniversary ol Eight Hours Day iu Melbourne, which takes place this year on Thursday, 21st April, i* announced in our advertising columns. This will be the forty-second celebration ol the establishment ot the system which enioius ' .Eight hours' labour, eight hours recreation, and eight hours' rest and the committee have already made sucn arrange - mente in connection with the Fete in the Friendly Societies Gardens as to ensure complete success. It is somewhat early t« enter into details ot tbe Bports programme, but it may be stated that it will contain a number ot' exceptional ly attractive events in various classes, lor which large prize! will be offered. The first prize in the Art Union is of tbe absolute value of £1000, the second prize £200, and tlie tnira iiuu, ana mere are rz/ otner prizes ot various values. Special attention is directed to the important fact that every ticket actually sola, and no others, will have a chance iu tbe Art Union, whicjft will be dr&wu; publicly un the evening oi Saturday, the 30th April, and duly adver tised. 'L'be tickets are tbe usual price — ** tbe nimble shilling ' — and they may be purchased m every town in the coIodj, or direct from the secretary, Mr Cbarlea Harris, at the Trades Hall, Melbourne, it should be mentioned that every ticket pur chased will have an equal chance in the Art Union drawing, whetner used tor admis sion to the Fete in Melbourne or not. On this occasion the proceeds of the under taking will be distributed among tbe charitable institutions of the colony, and it is anticipated that this excellent feature will have the effect of indncingthe public to purchase the Eight Hours Art Union tiCKetS with even greater eagerness than hitherto. .Mr M.. Clune, ot Yackandan dah, is the local agent. y 