SHOULD WE BELIEVE IN GHOSTS t It' is diffioMt ; to determine whether tho ,4;oti£rht:,pf.your query implies", an ethioal or a scientific obligation:., and I am afraid the one as. little admits of a final answer as the ptjier , I 'Therprestet. writer remembers a lady iirterbblatine in the midst of a disoussion !on Ihe ; anbjectrof ghpsts fhe- following., highly. Original objeotion : — LOh !. but the Bible; jisays .there mant be ghosts!' . This, .of course," .wte Beside .the mark, even though' the '-lady. wte prepared to quote chapter 8ud verse— which I doubt. . And some. one, I .jremember, , immediately, hoisted ber on her own' petard with .the oitation of the Witph" of Enflor evoking the spirit of Samuel from rthe7"bbwels of the ; earth. - . There seems nothing in the existence of ghoste actually at yarjanee with onrrent religious notions.- - To conoede their exist eucc is to postulate im- mortality or, atiany- rate, a period of life of some Bort after death. Though, on the other hand, it is possible to hold"with the Bishop of .St:; Asaph iii his ".opinion that 4snoh means were , unworthy of tne Deity to employ'— 4 such" means ' referring to the referring to.' the ohilffite, capribipuii, aimless ted; knavish toio'trs which characterise the recorded' tetions of' the majority of ghosts; proving them to be possessed of a far lowep intelligence than our own. The; claims of Sbionce are no less diffioUlt to determine. If we acoept unconditionally, the enormous 'accumulation of evidence and., observation', $e are bound to believe that, ghosts exist. On - the other' hand, none of pur .senses Is infallible : things are not always what they seern : and there is "a vast difference between "untrained observation and the scientific; observation of phenomena (though it isj generally impossible to analyse the char acter of ordinary observation! 'With any approach tp;finiility). ' ; / ' The Prinoe of Wales oarrios, wherever he goes, a pipe, half an ounce of tohaoco, six- cigarettes, two cigars; a cigar cutter, matched and a compass ; - all fitted into one smati! pocket case. This was designed by the' Pfineess Maud, who; by the way; is : a very . smart inventor. : v L ? ; 