ITEMS OF INTEREST. Legislative Councillor John Lucas is 80, and his shadow —the greatest in the metropolis—grows no l ee s. He is still to be seen about town in his fashioned gig. Mr Lyne's " bright hopes that the coming elections will return a protec tionist Government to power" are considered comical. This is only an other of Lyne's bold strokes as a leader! *#* Would that we had a few like Mr W. J. Gage, of Toronto, Canada, in this colony. He has given £5000 for tho purpose of erecting suitable baths in the city of Toronto, on the condi tion that all school children be ad mitted free. *** The largest city in the world is London, lying in four counties, and having a population of 4,250,000, equalling the combined populations of Paris, Berlin, St. Petersburg, and Some. To walk through all the streets, avenues, lanes, and alleys of the city, never traversing the same one twice, would require a 10-mile walk every day lor nine y£a/?. ,-The streets, placed in a row, would reach round the world, and leave a remnant that would etretch frwn London io San Francisco. ? *. Mise liosella Pitman, whose death ban occurred at the aue of 82, whs a sister of the late Sir Isaac Pitmnn, who lived to be a few years older. She was throughout her life an enthusi astic phonographer, contributing regu larly to a private shorthand newspaper which for 40 years circulated in the Pitman family. The deceased lady, who for the last 15 years had been a great sufferer, was one of the six members of Mr Samuel Pitman's family who became teachers in public schools, and she followed this profes sion for over 40 rears. The greatest empire of the world is the British Empire, extending over one continont, 100 peninsulars, 500 promontories, 1000 lakes, 2000 rivers, and 10,500 islands. It surpasses the Assyrian Empire in wealth, the Soman Empire in population, the Spanish Empire in power, and the Persian Empire in area. Tho popula tion of the Empire—4o2,sls,Boo—is 27 per cent, of the population of the world ; the 11,339,516 square miles of Imperial territory is 21 per cent, of the world. ? * ? . * ? .?"? 'The following are the two first claused oKthenew"-law. oi the Agen tiii? KeiiubhV:^—l: "On and . alter Juiiuiirv 1 every "male fruui tlie aj?e of 20 Io 80 ithi'il'pnyva lux until he mar ries, and shall pay it once in evi-r\ month." 2. " SToung celioateM m either sex who shall, without-legiti mate motive, reject the addresses of him ?Oγ ?her.-' (JaUiee* :7 mny>pro'poge-iiJ" Argentine) who may aspire to her or his hand, and who continue contu maciously unmarried, shall pay the sum of 500 piastres for the benefit of the young person, manor woman, who hae been so refused." # #* By all accounts a body of Burwood electors intend making an effort to throw Mr W. M'Millan out at next election. At a meeting held on Fri day night, at which Mr Archer ac cepted the requisition of 750 electors to ruu for the seat, a. Mr "White re marked that the preseut member, Mr M'Millan, was " simply a storekeeper's ghost." If anyone ever wanted to find him, he bad to fight his way through an army of clerks and a few country storekeepers, only to find on Mr M'Millan'e door "Engaged." Mr M'Millan had never done much either for New South "Wales or for Burwood he declared. *#* Numbers of Queensland papers keep on repeating the assertion that T. J. Byrnes is the youngest of Queensland Premiers—an assertion which is incorrect, E. W. Herbert having held that position at the early age of 28 years and sis months. Geo. Thome held the position in his 37th year—so Byrne's laurels (in this respect) are slightly faded. ft is, however, perfectly true that Byrnes has been continuously in possession of a portfolio ; true also that T. J. B. has attained his Premiership without ever haying sat in the cold shades of Oppo sition—a fact that speaks volumes for hie luck, but is not ati absolute voucher of hie pugnacity and staying power. *** A Muswellbrook correspondent writes the following letter to the Daily Telegraph : —" Enclosed you will find postal note for 12s Gd, being my half-yearly nubseription. It is with great pleasure I send you this subscription, for the grand battle you fought and the victory you assisted New South "Wales to win over that nasty bill. I don't like bills at any time, and I didn't like that one at all ; as I am the father o£ 10 children, 'twould come a bit hot on mc." Now the kind of bill that this man would support would bo one in which Parliament proposed to relievo all unfortunate fathers who may be burdened with a family of theso pro digious proportions. Under tho cir cumstances, it may easily.he under stood why the writer of that letter should be scared, providing he believed the gospel according to tho Telegraph or tho Brunker dogma respecting that £100 theory. Iv his case it would mean al out £500. Fancy finding boots for 10, to say nothing of tho in creased taxation or anything olsc! Shades of Lady Cook, and her book, entitled "The Multiplication of the Unfit! 