(PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT.) In the Christmas Moonlight. . BY IZA DUFFUS HARDY, Author of "The Eorr.ance of the Rear Car," "Lake Mary Rose," etc. (COPYRIGHT.) "Who would ever think it waa Christmas Ev< eaid Helen Dalrymple, swaying with Sultanese< languor and luxury in her rocking-chair on south piazza, looking at the orange trees bending neath their burthen of ruddy-ripe golden fruit, I tall slim pines, the graceful "yellow pines" of 1 South, their feathery crowns of foliage traced delicate penciling against the burning azure of a e almost too vivid in its light and color. It was 01 the hour af,er early breakfast, yet the sunbea already poured in a broad level blaze on the i azza, and danced in a dazzle of diamonds on t lake, that was as pure a blue as the shining sk: It was as fair a scene as the eye could deaire, : Helen spoke with a sort of involuntary sigh. "W would ever think it was Christmas Eve?" "Isn't it lovely?" said her sister Mary, with em lng content. Sweet Mary Weston, happily married, and sett! In this far Florida home, had ceassd to sigh for/lb native land. "Yes, it's lovely, If only one didn't see so mu« of it! But what I should dike to see now wou be frost and snow, or even a good thick yellow Lo don fog!" "I'm afraid evtn John oould not oblige you wii that here, though I think he is not very far behii the French king (which one was dt?) who had tl ground covered with salt when the lady of his h ea conceived a perverse desire to go sleighing in sun mer." "John spoils me, and I'm afraid he's not the on! one that does," rejoined Helen, smiling and stretcl ing out her hand to her elster. "I don't think we've spoilt you, Nell!" said Mai Weston, patting the pretty hand. "But I thin John would, if he could." "He is very good," the younger sister said, lei (lightly. "He is!" Mrs. Weston agreed, emphatically. "An you are very fond of him, aren't you?" with touch of anxiety which she did not intend to Ix tray, but which was plain as the sun in the Heave to Helen's quick perception. "Yes, I om," she answered sincerely; "I shoul be very ungrateful if I wasn't! But I do wish h would take me home for a honeymoon trip!" eh added, with only half-playful petulance, "Everj body goes to England ou their bridal trip." "Net everybody, dear." "Well, everybody who can afford it, and John cai afford anything he likes!" "But, you see, it is John's business keeps hit here." "Oh, yes, I know. I daresay lt seems just ¡ perverse fancy of mine, like longing for a sleigh ride in summer, for snow in this Sunny South." "I'm afraid, dear Nell, you get a little homesici sometimes?" "Do I, Mary?" with a curious smile. "Yoi think so?" "I am afraid so sometimes, dear. But you'l settle down all happily and comfortably whei once you are married and in your own home." "Yours has been home to me, Mary!" "And you have helped to make it a real borne to me. I might have felt a little straugè and far away even with Fred, if it had not been for you. And now I must go and help Chloe make thc cakes." "And I'll come and do the mince-pies," said Helen cheerfully. "No, no, Nell; I won't have you getting tired and flushed over the stove; John will be coming soon." "Poor, dear Mary!" said Helen to herself, as her sister hastened away on household cares in tent. "She only thinks I am homesick. If she only knew how tired I am of oranges and pine trees! And she's so anxious, poor dear, to be assured that I am really fond of John ! Dear, good John! the only thing I'm afraid of is that he. is too good for me! But I shall be able to make him happy, I think. Anyhow, I'll do my best. And I'm sure I shall be happy with him, as happy as any woman can expect to be, after the first dream Is over!" She sighed as her thoughts went back to that "first dream." "Walter," she murmured. "Poor Walter! If he had lived!" Visions of another Christmas rose before her. Walter was helping her to put up the holly. They two were lingering over their good-hight in the hall. He was folding a wrap round her as she went out into the chill of the white wintry night with him to look at the snow glittering in ' the moonlight. Oh, for that "white Christmas" of four years ago! "My poor hoy! My poor boy!" Helen said softly to herself. "To think that the cold, cruel sea, the deep, dreadful sea, rolls over his head ! and that no one, no none, will ever, ever know the truth!" She shuddered and clasped her hands, and the bright colors of the sunny landscape grew dim to her eyes. But when John Armstrong, her stalwart lover, came the smile was ready to greet him on her. lips. She was very fond of John, and the past was past; the present, though it did seem a little dull . sometimes, a little pale and tame - be side that poor dead past, was yet full of hope, thanks to John! Sheltered by his love, surely she would be safe from the stings of memory, even from the insidious gnaw ing of homesickness. He was so strong, it. gave her a satisfying sense of protection and safe ty to be with him.. He had the muscles of a gla diator, and yet, with all his rough, uncultivated ways, the gentleness of a woman. Helen loved the mingling of half rough force and reverent ten derness about him, and often assured herself that she really loved him very much, though she was not very lavish of protestations, or caresses which, indeed, were not much in Helen Dalrym ple's way. John was English, too; perhaps if he had sot been her compatriot, he might have found his Helen harder to win. There were many English settled in this part of Florida, but few as fortunate as John Armstrong. Everything he touched seem ed to prosper, and now in winning Helen's troth, he had won his crowning fortune-his heart's de sire. His sun-bronzed, and somewhat rugged-featured face was beaming, as he drew his chair as close as it could be drawn to hers, and took possession of her hand, and felt the slender fingers rest *n his big palm as if it were their home. "Do you know, darling, this ls the happiest Christmas I've ever had?" he said. "Since you were a boy!" she rejoined, laugh ingly. "But you don't know anything about me when I was a boy!" he demurred, smiling In a happy response. "Oh, yes, I know that you were very much like other boys! You were happy when to stuff your self with mince-pies and plum-pudding, and pull crackers and play snap-dragon, was your high ideal of happiness! And you were happy when you kissed the girls under the mistletoe!" "But never half so happy as now that I can kiss my girl without the mistletoe! My own girl! No, darling, there's not a soul in sight! You are my own girl, aren't you? Helen, darling, what would you like to do to keep our Christmas to-morrow? Shall we have a drive in the evening and a pic nic supper in the woods by moonlight?" "A moonlight picnic on Christmas night! Oh, John, where ÍB your sense of the fitting?" John looked puzzled. "I want to do anything that would please you, dearest. "What would please you ?" "Oh, T don't know. Perhaps a good old-fashion ed English frost, or a London fog, or a sleigh ride!" recalling her conversation with her sister. "Nothing I can get you?" he said, with a shade of disappointment. "John, dear, you're too good!" she said, with a sudden gush of tenderness. "I don't deserve that you should get me anything! Mary said to me Just now that she thought I was a little homesick and I suppose that's just what I am! Oh, John, couldn't we go home in spring on a little honey moon trip?" . "I'm afraid not, darling; perhaps some time, but not now. Helen, can't you be happy here? You know I'll do all I can." "Indeed I do know it; you are the best and dear est of ¿ld Johns!" she answered, more lightly, with her sweetest smile. "Helen," he said, after a thoughtful pause, in At the Christmas Party. First Stranger: "Which is the drawing-room, my friend?" Second Stranger: "I don't know; let's listen for the corks to pop." .which his genial face had grown grave, "do yoi know that I feel sad sometimes, fearing that thi life here won't content you, that you'll be thinkinj of England as 'home!' And I wonder sometime! whether it isn't because it was In England that that-you remember you told me, darling, bles! your truthful, transparent soul, that wouldn'i keep any secret from me, my. sweetheart!-thai there was-someone you-liked there-someone who is dead?" . "Need we talk of him?" said Helen, more coldly. "No, no¿ darling, not if it hurts you! But it hurts me'to think that there's a pain in that me mory still ! I'd like to take all pain, all trou ble, from you; even any pain of the past! I'd draw the sting from your memory, if I could!" "No memory can sting me very sharply while I have you, John," she answered, with an impulse of self-reproachful, half-remorseful, tenderness. "And I won't give way to home-sickness any more, if it gives you the least bit of pain! Don't trouble yourself, John, about the ghost of yesterday! To morrow is yours!" "And to-day?" he urged. "Is to-day-divided? Or is it all mine?" "I think It looks : as if it were all yours,". she said, softly, as he kissed her. Let yesterday rest, John, rest with the last year's snows in England! And let us go and piek oranges to-day! And there are some guavas still. ' I should like some for lunch. We never, see them at home except in Jelly, do we? After all, there are some good things in the Sunny South!" she added, with a lapse into her old, light, laughing tone. ".There are guavas, and grape-fruit, and you!" John Armstrong went away happy. One thing only now troubled him; he could not make up his mind what to give Helen for a Christmas pres ent. Blundering fellow that he was! he reproach ed himself, not to have thought of it before. He went to the best jeweller's in Giralda, the nearest large town, where, having but little time to spare, and being unable to make up his mind in haste on the spot, he ordered a selection of choice trink ets to be sent to his rooms, for his leisurely inspec tion. Everyone in Giralda knew John Armstrong, and there was no difficulty made about entrusting th*> lewels to his care. He was looking in anxious cogitation from the contents of one velvet-lined case to another, as they were set out before him on the table, whe; there was a tap at the door, and the negro "bell boy" announced, "Mr. Lawrence, «ah, wants t knew ef he kin see you." "Why, certainly. Show Mr. Lawrence up. Com In, Lawrence, glad to see you, and a merry Christ mas to you, my dear fellow!" "The same to you! I see I needn't ask you ho\ you are!" said the visitor, glancing at John Arm strong's healthy brown face. "Oh, I'm all right-right as a trivet? And you' how have you been? All right, too, I hope? Grow flourishing." "Yes, all gola g on well. I've come up to Giralda on a little business, and you're the first person. I'vi looked up." "That's right, that's all right!" said Armstrong, heartily. "I've been thinking of running down to Tampa, and then I'd have been the one to look you up, but Tye had my hands full lately; lt's been a busy time, though it's not been all business! You've just come in the nick of time now, to give me your help and advice. I waa just muddling! my brain over these th'ngs," Jerking his head towards the display on the table. "Which do you thtnk'a the-the best of the lot? The-the most likely to to suit a lady?" Armstrong was stamniering, and the color rose ta his bronzed cheek. "A lady? Ah!" said Lawrence, with a Bmlfla. "Pleasure aa well as business bean keeping you about here, I see?" "Yes, you see-well, the fact 1B, I'm going to be married." "Heartiest congratulations, old fellow! The young lady's lucky-that I know! and so are you, I hope." "I just am!." mid Armstrong, emphatically,"Walt till you see her." , "When she will be . wearing one of these, I ex pect!" suggested Lawrence. He was a younger man than Armstrong, fairer and of slighter build, with a tawny beard, honest, kindly blue eyes, a pleasant, though ra ther sad, smile, and a generally rather grave, thoughtful expression. He was sym pathetically willing to help ¡the perplexed lover in his choice of a gift, which was fortunate, en poor John had not much taste, and was sorely bewildered in his contemplation of the "embarras de riches" .that lay before him. "Now this-this ds something out of th© com mon, eh?" he suggested, but hesitatingly,, as defer ring to Lawrence's better judgment, pointing toa necklace of alligator's teeth lavishly set in'gold. "Or this now?" indicating a heart-shaped ornament almost big enough to wear as a shield, and adorn ed with a true-íover's knot studded with Jewels of all the colors of the rainbow. "Do you think alligators' teeth quite « pretty thing to clasp round a girl's throat?" Lawrence de murred. "And isn't , this a trifle-just a trifle, showy?" John's countenance fell. "She's like everything dainty and delicate," , ha said. "How about this?" said Lawrence, taking up a simple but costly necklet of a single string of ex quisitely matched pearls. , It was Armstrong's turn to demur. "Dcu't pearls mean tears?", he rejoined. "Ah? You wouldn't risk giving her those?" said the; [younger man, with a smile that ended in a short, quickly-stifled breath like a sigh. "No, I wouldn't," said Armstrong, noticing his friend's look with an instinct of fellow-feeling. "You wouldn't either, would you, Lawrence, if you were choosing-someth'ng for somebody?" "No, I suppose I should be superstitious, too. But there's nobody-now! and I've had all the su perstition and fancy and romance pretty well knocked out of me." "There's nobody now," Armstrong repeated his words. "There," he added, delicately and hesit atingly, "there was somebody once, then?" ?'Once!" Lawrence echoed, looking down at the pearl neaklace. When the choice was finally made (of a slender gold bracelet with a four-leaved sham rock In diamonds. "All women like diamonds." the two men had agreed), the comrades sat down* with pipe and glass, and then Armstrong referred, in his frankly sympathetic, if blundering way, to» Lawrence's late admission. "I'm afraid my-my asking you about that," nodding towards the bracelet, "recalls things to> you?" :-v "They haven't got far to be recalled; they lie near enough the surface," the younger man re plied, gloomily. "There was somebody, and lt-lt-didn't come to anything?" Armstrong ventured, his hear softened by his own happiness, his sympathy to sincere to be Intrusive. Lawrence paused a moment; then said abrupt ly "She thinks I'm dead, at least I hope she does She's far away-I shall never see her again. Bui somehow Christmas always makes me think o; old days." Armstrong nodded In silent comprehension Lawrence paused a moment; then added with al most harsh abruptness "Look here, Armstrong, I've often thought pl telling you. I was very near it more than once, when you were such a good chum to me at Ocala. The fact is, I-I left England under a cloud! My very name-well, it's my own, for I was christen ed Lawrence as my second name, but it's not my true surname. There are others of us here who have come out of the way, as I did,'but not many shadowed by a cloud as black as mine." "What was it, my boy?" asked John Armstrong, fraternally. "Oh, I've not bolted from the law," Lawrence said quickly. "I stand clear of that, I think. But it's the suspicion, of which I feel I shall never be clear." "She suspected-believed ill of you?".; "God bless her-no. She declared she had faith in me. But no one else had. I couldn't ask her to marry me under a cloud, to take my name with the stain on it. I came abroad to live it down, and the ship in which I'd taken my passage was wrecked-you remember the disaster of the Co lumba?' I was supposed to have been on board; my name was in the Hst of lost But at the last minute an accident had prevented my sailing. No one knew at home that I had not sailed. They all believe that I went down with the Columba and the rest of her unlucky passengers and crew." "And she believes it too?" "She must; what else can she think? It ls better so. I decided not to write and tell her I was safe." "She may be grieving-mourning for you," sug gested Armstrong. "For a time-yee. But it ls best as it is-for her. She ls. young; the thought or me and my trouble would be a more lasting cloud on her bright girlhood than the thought of my death. I would never have married her unless I could give her a stainless name. She will be happier, not knowing. She believed me Innocent-that is my comfort Let her believe me:dead, for her own peace." "It's a sad state of things," mused Armstrong. 'And what-what was the-" Hé hesitated for a word, "the trouble," he finished. "They called lt murder-an ugly word, isn't it? But whatever it was, I had no hand: in it. If any . man killed Philip Stretton, it was ;not I!" "Philip Stretton!" John Armstrong started. His ba':k was to the light, so Lawrence could not see how his healthy color paled. "Yes, you remember the case, I Bee? I own lt did look black against me. He was my cousin, and I his heir-though lt would have been the other way round, he would have been my heir, and I should have stood in his shoes, if my grand father had not made an unfair will. I had been imprudent-I was in a little difficulty-and I was foolish enough to ask Phillp for a loan, only an advance for three months. He said things that cut me. There was a soreness between us, I own, but I would never injure a hair of his head. , You remember, perhaps, how I was arrested, re manded-all the miserable story? There was not evidence enough against me to send the case for trial, but there was enough to make people be lieve me guilty-to make me feel a pariah and an outcast-to make me cast aside my father's name as a tarnished and unclean thing-to drive me in to exile here, as a dead man, dead to his own land and his own people." "It's a sad business," said Armstrong, his voice strangely husky. "I remember hearing of it." A pause; then he added: "But Lawrence, I say, old chum, aren't you perhaps a blt over-sen sitive about people-suspecting you?" "Over-sensitive! When I've seen women turn asida to avoid recognising me-when the very chil dren have stared at me as if I were a wild beast! But there, talking of it can't mend matters." He filled his glass hastily; his hand shook as he raised it to his lips. John Armstrong's brimming glass stood untouched by his side. Another knock at the door, and the entrance of a second visitor-this time a genial and somewhat boisterous one, to wish the compliments of the season, Interrupted the conversation, rather to the relief of both Armstrong and Lawrence, and it was much to the host's relief when both his visitors departed. Left alone at last, he stood by the window deep in troubled thought, staring out across the rough sandy road with eyes that did not see. "I never dreamt of this!" he said, to himself, his lips framing the words without sound, as men who have lived much alone often get the habit of communing with themselves. "This comes of shir king, or trying to shirk! One can't shirk a thing -it will follow one! If it were, not for Helen .now! It's plain enough-the thing to do. It stares me in the face. But Helen, who trusts me! I must think of her first. Yet that boy! He's been wronged enough. He wouldn't marry his girl with a stained name! Can I marry my girl . with a stained conscience? His girl in England stuck to him. Maybe mine would stick to me. Would she, though? It's an ugly story to tell J her. Still, If she's got grit enough to stand it? She doesn't look like one that would weaken and wilt away from a man because of something in bio past-though it does look rather a black busi ness. I'll see. I'll sound her. God forgive me! I'm a coward where she's concerned. I see the right thing plain enough. But I can't-I can't. No! she's my all! I can't risk the losing her!" Helen was sauntering in the orange-grove in the moonlight, alone. She was glad to be alone, for somehow this Christmas Eve she was haunted by memories of that other Christmas with Walter four years ago! That post was dead and buried, but its ghost walk ed sometimes. Two lines of a poem she had once heard recited kept running in her head. ' "Pray for the one beloved, wherever he may be, In the hush of the Christmas midnight he will appear to thee!" How still the night was! Grove and wood and lake seemed to be sleeping in silence. The moon oeams bathed the fair landscape in a sliver sea of light, yet left impenetrated the dusky mysteries of shadow in the deeps of "the dark browed trees." . She thought of that "white winter" In England, and the ghost of the buried past walked in th« southern moonlight. Was anything else stirring, too? Was that a step? Did .a shadow move Could lt be John7 But John never came that way through th© grove. If it should be a tramp, and she so far from th« house? I ¡ 11 s! I Mi The moving shadow gathered shape and sub stance, stepped out from the darkness of the bor dering trees, and the moonlight fell full upon his face. Helen stopped with a start. Who-what was it? The moonlight was well-nigh bright as day. The face, the figure that stood out clear in those pure undazzling beams, the very gesture with which the man paused at sight of her, all had been fami liar to her once! Was it a ghost? Were the HDCS that bad been ringing in her mind prophetic? "In the bush of the Christmas midnight he will appear to thee." He, too, had paused at sight of the girl's slim White-robed figure; he started as one thunder stricken as he looked upon her face, pale and pur« in the colorless blaze of the semi-tropical moon light, for while she stared, dumb with doubt and amazement, on the dead alive, he looked on the living, lost to him, whom he had deemed five thousand miles away! He was the first to find his voice. "Helen, Helen? You-here!" He stretched out his hand; it was warm with life as it touched hers, strong with living human strength as it clasped her cold and trembling fingers: "Walter, Walter! Are you alive? I thought -I heard-oh! we have ail mourned you as dead!" John Armstrong, bearing the chosen bracelet that was to be his Christmas gift, was on his way to see his beloved, but not with the quick, assured step of the happy lover. He lagged, and took the longest way. He might have said, if he had been given to quoting Shakspere, "Oh! full of scorpions is my mind!" They bit and stung, those snakes that tempted to silence, prompted him with subtle sophistries "for Helen's sake"-was not his first duty to her to spare her pain? Yet he knew that if he yielded to the temptation he should feel him self to the last day of his life a despicable sm* ner For till this day he had not realised what he hnd done, but now, if he kept silence still he would be sinning with his eyes open. Still, could he dare trust Helen with the truth, at the risk of seeing her Bbrlnk" from him, turn cold lo him, perhaps take herself out of his life. On the other hand, it was possible that she might not fail him! She might prove herself brave and loyal in the crucial hour. He felt he did not know Helen thoroughly. She was à sweet rose, "sèt with little wilful thorns." He could not tell how far her pretty little waywardness and girlish caprices were mere ripples on the surface, what depths of love and'faith and courage might not lie in the depths beneath. While she sauntered on slowly, deep in thought, his footfall soundless on the loose sandy soil, he heard a voice on the ottter side of the slender fringe of trees that bordered the grove. Not Helen's voice, he had never heard that tone in it. And yet it was like hers-that voice with the tender thrill,' the throb and pulse of living pas sion, of which he had never known it capable. "Walter- Walter! after all these years!" "My darling, my darling!" murmured the man's voice, shaken and husky, but Lawrence's voice. John Armstrong made a noiseless step forward, looked out of the shadow which concealed him from their view, and saw Helen, his bride-elect, clinging to Lawrence, his arm round her, her face uplifted in the moonlight to his. For the moment they had forgotten all the world but each other. She had forgotten John, and he the stain upon his name, the cause of his exile. She was first to remember the barrier. "Oh! Walter, no-no! Let me go! I must tell you-I am not free!" "Is it you then-you, who were engaged to Arm strong?" "Yes; he is the best and truest of men," with a sob in her voice. "Walter, now that we have met, it can only be to part!" John Armstrong heard no more. Had he not been standing there as if stricken to stone, para lysed, he would not have heard so much. He turned with a groping, staggering gesture, like a mah reeling, blinded, beneath a stunning blow, yet careful that no sound of his going should startle them as he went, and left them there to gether. The moonlight-flooded landscape was black to him; he seemed to be groping his way through great darkness, his face set from the house towards which his steps had been bent. How could he face Helen now? It was Helen whom he had wronged; it was Helen whom he had robbed of her love, albeit all unwittingly. He had thought of Lawrence's unnamed love as far off, in the old country. But there was no.far-away girl in England-it was Helen, here! . . , , - For her dear sake he had thought of keepinz the silence that would have sealed the sentence of exile from home and love on Lawrence-and Lawrence was the. man she loved. Yet she would keep her faith with him. She had said it her self! And Lawrence would not claim her so long as the stain of suspected crime clung to his name. John Armstrong saw that he could hold her still! It was Christmas Day; the sun shone on the evergreen , pines and the glossy , foliage of the orange-trees and their golden fruit, and sky and lake were one monotone of radiant azure. John and Helen were walking in the grove, and both were taciturn and ill at ease. . "Helen, my girl," he said, breaking a long si lence as they drew near the spot where she and Walter had met last night, "I had been think ing what I could get you for a Christmas pre sent, wondering what would please you best. And I found out, last night." "Last night? But you didn't come last night!" "Yes; I came, Helen. I came. I came this way," pointing to the border of trees, "and I was here. I saw-I heard." Helen started, and the color rushed to her face, then ebbing, left it deadly pale. But though she was dismayed, she did not blench. She was too pro-ud to quail as guilt might quail. Rather, there was even a touch of reproach in her tone ad she answered "You were here, John? You heard?" "By accident." His brown cheek flushed now. "I heard only a few words. I hurried away. You don't think that I'd play eavesdropper on purpose, Helen?" "No, no, John! But if you heard anything, I wiBh you heard all! You would have understood that-I-I was startled, taken by surprise. I had never dreamt that he, Walter, was living, when I -when you-" she hesitated painfully, yet not ts one abashed or ashamed-then added, "never until last night!" "I know. I know, my brave, true-hearted girl!" he said. "You are not to blame- you've been straight and square." "And he," she interposed, hastily. "And he, too," John Armstrong rejoined, "he did not know. Nor I, Helen, do me justice, too! I did not know that the man I chummed with at Ocala, whom I knew- as Lawrence, was Walter Stretton." "Walter Lawrence Stretton," she explained. "Yes, I know, he has told me, lt is his second name," he said, wincing a little at her eagerness to explain on his behalf. "But I did not know that Walter Stretton was th« name of the man you cared for! We none of us knew. It's been a chap ter of mistakes all round. But now-now I see what I can give you, Helen! I can give you your freedom." "John, no-you are too good!" she protested with remorseful tenderness-what is to a Tan the ter rible frank tenderness of the woman who does not love, him! "No, not that!" he said, recoiling from the word "good" on her lips. "Wait- wait, Helen, till you've heard all. I give you back your freedom, and something more. I give into your hand the means of clearing,Walter Stretton's name. Philip Stret ton's death was no murder! I ought to know, be cause- because the accident-it was an accident! was brought about by me!" "You, John! Oh, John! are you mod?" Bhe ' fell back from him with doubt, fear, horror, In her eyes. "No. I'm not mad, unless it's madness to tell you the truth. It waa my hand caused Philip Stretton's death." ;"YourB? Then, who, what-are you?" "What I've always been, to you and all the world, plain John Armstrong?" "You were there, at Holborough at the time? But-how was that? and what had you to do with Philip Stretton? We never knew anything about you." "No. You never knew .me, nor my sister, my poor little sister Lizzie. But Philip Stretton knew her; I dare say he didn't talk of her to you. We weren't of your set, you see. You always knew I never concealed from you that T hadn't moved in the same class you'd been accustomed to mix with. You knew that, and were willing to accept .' lt." ? ? "Yes! You were yourself to me." "That's how it is we never met at Holborough. I was only there now and then for a time, and we moved In different orbits. My sister was as good a girl as ever breathed, but delicate, a pret ty little pale thing, fond of books and poetry. Phi lip Stretton didn't mean anything by his attention to her-perhaps no harm, perhaps no good. I didn't choose that he should amuse himself mak ing a plaything of her heart. We met on that lonely road; I spoke to him-he took the high-and-mighty tone with me, and told, me to mind my own business. Well, it's no story for your ears, Helen, but you can guess how words ran high between us. As I live, I'd no intent nor thought of serious Injury to life and limb when I struck him. But I was strong, and I suppose in my anger I hit harder than I meant. It was just by evil chance that he fell with his temple on a sharp stone. If I'd let him lie as he fell, it would have been plain enough how it happened. But in my horror and dismay I lifted him up, and moved him, trying to recall him to life. It never occurred to me, I was so stunned, that the stone left lying there would have been supposed to have been used as a wea pon, still less that young Walter Stretton would be suspected." "Why did you not come forward and tell the truth?" "Because, I own it to you, Helen, I was a cow ard-for my sister's sake more than for my own! It would have killed Lizzie to have had my name coupled with his death and her name dragged In and compromised, as it must have been. I thought to save my sister's good name and peace of mind. It was not until I was far away that I heard how Walter Stretton had been arrested, and discharged for want of evidence. I thought the matter ended there;-was no more concern of mine. But I see now, a man's deed is a matter of his life for. ever-be can never get away from it!" "And-your sister?" breathed Helen. "She died! I took this silence on my con science for her sake in vain. I see now that it was a crime. But I didn't know-believe me, Helen, I never knew, how Walter Stretton had suffered from it. And I didn't know it was your heart I was nearly breaking! But now lt's not too late to atone to you both. You were his first. I give you back to him! I'll give you a written statement telling exactly how Phillip Stretton's death came about. If that's not enough, I'll go back to England and make my declaration there." "It is enough! it shall be enough. You shall not go back to run the smallest risk! Oh, John, I cannot accept thiB sacrifice from you! But yet, in her heart, she knew, and ho knew, that the sacrifice was already accepted. . * . . When Walter Stretton came, obeying a mes sage from Armstrong, to Weston's Grove, he found John and Helen hand locked in hand, and It was hard to say which was the paler in this parting hour. John turned and put Helen's hand In Walter's. "She has a great deal to tell you, Lawrence," he said, and his strong voice shook a little. "I'll leave you together." Tears were In Helen's eyes, but John Arm strong smiled, for the-heart-throb of sacrifice ls "a pain that stings like joy!" He turned away, and left them-together. (The End.) The practice of kissing under the mistletoe Is of very ancient origin, as It dates from' the days of tho Druids, when, no doubt, it had a religious meaning. _....... 