j&erntim.; GIVE HEED TO BEADING. A sermon preaclied on Trinity Sunday, by Kev. J. Stanley Low, at \- St. Paul's Cathedral, June 5th, 1898. ' Give heed to reading, to exhortation, to doctrine.' — 1 Tim. iv. 13 (R.V.). I wish this morning to draw attention to the first of these three subjects of ministerial duty — ' Give heed to reading.' The reading in this case would be public, and preparatory to the exhortation and doctrine. As to private reading of the Scriptures, the Apostle would have been quite as urgent, but upon this he felt that he had no need to write to his youthful coadjutor. For he knew that from his childhood the Scriptures had been Timothy's study and delight ; and now, in his anxious and difficult work, would be the foundation of his private meditation — the armoury whence would be drawn the -well-tempered weapons to be wielded against error and sin; the repository from, which would be taken the medicines for spiritual sickness and disease, and that would supply the secret of strength and power. He knew, also, that to Timothy they would be the sure guide through every labyrinth of difficulty and doubt ; the beacon-light, streaming through the darkness, and disclosing at once the way of safety and the shoals and quicksands of destruction. He could feel an assured confidence that amid all that Timothy would have to contend with, whether from the superciliousness of the sophist, the irritation of the Jew, or the malice and antagonism of the worldly advocates of idolatry, they would be his fortress and refuge ; and that through their power, and the presence of the Holy Spirit, Timothy would be sure of victory and triumph. And this is true of every faithful minister still. For while his reading is not limited to, nor would have been limited by St. Paul to ? the Written Word, nor merely to works that analyse, apply, illustrate, or prove its authority, but to the instruction to be derived also from the works of God, yet the Scriptures will be, to every faithful minister of Jesus Christ, what they were to Timothy. It is no reflection upon the supreme value of God's Word that the Christian teacher should seek to enrich his mind, and extend his ? power for usefulness, by striving to draw instruction from the treasures of science and history, poetry and philosophy. I think, in order to offer some practical suggestions upon the subject before us, we might inquire, in addition to Holy Scripture, . What Should be the Scope of Beading? This is. a question which has been debated from the earliest ages of the Church with wide difference of opinion, and is met with some diversity of judgment in the present day. The leading teachers in the early Church differed greatly in their estimate of the value of heathen literature, and especially of heathen philosophy. On the whole, with some considerable exceptions, the Greek Fathers valued it highly ; while the Latin Fathers, o;n the other hand, for the most part treated all pagan teaching with suspicion and contempt. This latter and indiscriminating view was certainly not St. Paul's. For he laid the thoughts and language of stoicism under contribution, and transfigured them to express the moral teaching of the Gospel. Lightfoot, on Seneca mid St. Paul, shows this in a very striking manner. The speech in the Acts, from which St. Paul quotes from Cleanthes and Aratus, short as it is, abounds in parallels to the teaching of Seneca, the Apostle's Stoic contemporary. It is quite evident, not only from St. Paul's method, but from reason and experience, that, the Christian minister should give heed to reading the literature of the day, as well as that of past ages. He should be abreast of the times. The flood of literature is broad and deep, and its waters are often turbid and unwholesome ; but the Christian teacher should analyse them with diligence and care, and, where pure, make use of them. There must be no standing still, no indolence in this important matter, but a continued effort after the acquisition of knowledge. Sydney Smith says : — ' It is no more possible for an idle man to keep a certain stock of knowledge than it is possible to keep together a stock of ice exposed to the meridian sun. Every day destroys a fact, a relation, an inference ; and the only way of preserving the bulk and value of the pile is by constantly adding to it.' The charge of ignorance as to the nature, tone, and attitude of contemporary thought must not lie against the servant of Christ, who has to caution and arm his flock against error ; to lay bare what is specious and sophistical, and to explode what is false. Men are ready, in these days, to revive the charge brought by Celsus against the Gospel, that ' it repelled the educated, and gave a welcome only to the ignorant.' And although Origen, in rebutting the charge, shows from the Epistle to Titus how utterly without foundation it is ; and although every Christian apologist since has exploded the asper sion of Celsus ; and, what is even more to the point, its groundlessness has been made apparent by the noble army of scholars and philo sophers of the past and present age (and conspicuously among the latter the honoured- name of the recently deceased statesman, Mr. Gladstone) who have embraced the Gospel and evinv,?d their faith in Christ, yet still men will reiterate their accusation against the advocates of religion. And it is only by an evident acquaintance with sound learning, and a manifest power of successfully grappling with the questions of the day, that the charge can be refuted. The answer to the question, What to read ? should be replied to by affirming that the Christian minister should fearlessly investigate the claims of the teachers of the present, as well as of the past, under whatsoever guise they may appear, or upon whatsoever subject they may promulgate their teaching. The Gospel bids its followers 'in understanding to be men ;' ' to prove all things, and to hold fast that which is good.' But the Christian minister should not only read books that add to the scope and depth of his knowledge, but those also which tend to arouse his affections heavenward, and stir and quicken his soul to the deeper love of Christ and to the souls of them for whom Christ died. The Imitation of Christ, by a'Kempis, is no doubt familiar to us all; but of the nature of the reading I refer to I might mention, as one out of many books of the kind, The Trial and Death of Jesus Christ, by Dr. Stalker. It is not because we discover in it so much that is striking or profound, or that is new, as the graphic power, the tender pathos, the deep spirituality which are apparent in every page. It is thus the power by which ' the story of the Cross' appeals to us afresh that the book tends so much to awaken us again and again to the Saviour's love and sacrifice. But, in the second place, one feels that a most pressing question is — How to Bead? When St. Paul says, 'Give heed to reading,' the admonition must certainly embrace both time and method. In answer to this question, I would venture to suggest to my younger brethren that the time should be the early hours of the morning, when the mind is fresh and vigorous; and not in the evening, when it is worn and weary with the labours of the day. And I would also remind them that the method should be that of the careful analyst, the ardent inquirer, the wakeful heart and mind of the man who is seeking sustenance for the soul which is immortal, and who has to discriminate between the true and the false, that which is sound and wholesome, and that which, however clothed in elegant language and the flowers of diction, is weak and sophistical. Locke says: 'They who would advance in knowledge should lay down as a fundamental rule not to take words as things.' The method of reading should answer the question, What is the purpose, the aim, the drift of the writer of the work under your review? It should discriminate also between what is hypothetical and what is positive, and should trace out carefully, however involved, the due connection between premiss and conclusion. With pain one hears at times of the blighting and withering effect upon the spirituality of the younger clergy of what is termed 'the higher criticism.' But surely no such effect should be produced upon those who have the appeal to God's Word clearly before them, who have been trained as students in the use of dialectics, and the knowledge of apologetics, and, above all, to know that in answer to prayer the Holy Spirit is promised to guide into all truth. Surely such men should be able to discriminate between statements that are supported by insufficient evidence, and those that are demonstrably true 1 It is important to note that the drift of many of the criticisms 'manufactured in Germany,' and adverse to evangelical truth, is not supported except by questionable evidence. And although I do not think that the so-called 'higher criticism' should be altogether discarded or unread, it should be read with caution,. and, in many cases, with suspended judgment until fuller light upon the subject may be obtained. We have no Index Expurgatorius, and, as Christian ministers, whatsoever claims to influence the reading public should be carefully investigated by us. Another question to be kept well before us, although there can be no doubt nor difficulty as to the reply to it, is — With what Aim and Purpose to Bead ? St. Paul has answered this in few words. He tells us that the object, not of _ our reading merely, but of our very life purpose, must be ' the warning every man, and teaching every man, in all wisdom ; that we may present every man perfect in Christ Jesus.' All our reading must have this for its aim and be subsidiary to it. We have to ' feed the flock over which the Holy Ghost hath made us overseers.' And as the good shepherd seeks out the best pasturage for his flock, and goes after, in order to find and reclaim the wanderers, so must all our prayers and reading and studies have for their object the salvation of sinners and the spiritual edification of those committed to our charge. They must embrace the instruction of the ignorant, the conviction of those living in sin, the removal of the barriers of . unbelief, and the guidance of the perplexed and bewildered by doubt. To this end our reading should enable us to become to children as in sympathy with them ; to the ignorant, as understanding their need, and approaching them with the utmost simplicity of thought and language ; to the educated, as knowing and meeting in them the drift of modern thought ; to the agnostic and unbeliever, as standing in his place and combating his difficulties to faith, not with censure and reproach, but as the physician deals with the sick and diseased. Thus St. Paul's method will be ours: ' Unto the Jew I became as a Jew, that I might gain the Jews ; to them that are under the law, as under the law that I might gain them that are under the law ; to them that aie without law, as*without law (being not without law to God but under the law to Christ) that I might gain them that are without \ law ; to the weak, became I as weak that I might gain the weak.' But how different is the object of those who spend their whole lives in amassing knowledge without imparting any — hoard upon hoard, get, get, all getting and no giving— just as if their one object were to try how much to get within a given time ? Let such students not forget that knowledge is not wisdom ; that wisdom is knowledge in union with the right use of it. Keble says — He only who forgets to hoard Has learn'd to ]ive. (: But we must remember that there is another extreme. ' If there are some who are ever getting and never giving, there are some, too, who would be ever giving and never getting. They are fond of preaching, but not of reading or study. Such young clergy men may be well-meaning, but they are under the influence - of a miserable mistake. They may go quickly from place to place, and may be useful ; but settled and efficient pastors to their flock they can never be. They may preach the Gospel here and there, but for the constant regular instruction of the same congregation they are utterly unfit. He must be an extraordinary man that has resources in him self for such a work as to render him independent of reading and study. It is truly said of such preachers that ' barrenness, tameness, sameness, and irksomeness, and unprofitable repetition, are what their congregations are treated to.' Christ says — 'Every scribe that is instructed unto the kingdom of heaven is like unto a man which is a householder who bringeth forth oui oi ins treasure mings new ana oia. There are some too who, by way of honouring the Bible, make it their rule to study nothing else, not even such human helps as may fit them for understanding and illustrating its contents. This also, though an extreme, is a better one than his who, neglecting the Bible itself, studies only human opinions upon it, yet is still an extreme which, while it professes to put honour upon the Bible, may indicate no small measure of self-sufficiency. The object of all our labours, and all our study, must be to win souls to Christ, and build God's people up on their most holy faith. There is a great deal said in these days about the indispensable need to the Church of a learned and educated ministry ; and God forbid that the Church- should ever be afflicted with an unlearned one, or one not appropriately and specifically trained for its high and sacred vocation ; but we need also a deeply pious and devoted ministry, for, of all the calamities that could ever befall the Church of God, that of a careless and unholy ministry would be the greatest. This, brethren, is a personal matter of the most momentous and vital importance. ' We watch for souls as those that must give account' ; and what must be the utter misery, anguish, and despair of the unfaithful minister when he shall stand at the bar of God's Judgment Seat? But, on the other hand, what shall be his ineffable joy when he shall stand with those who have been won to Christ through his ministry, and shall say — ' Behold, Lord, Thy servant, and the chil dren whom Thou hast given him?' O brethren, let us pray for more earnestness ! What will be the worth of all our reading, teaching, study, without the devotedness which comes of the continual presence and work of the Holy Spirit within us ? If our ministry is to be effective now, and crowned with joy at the last, it must be a ministry not only of learning, but of strong faith, true spirituality, and deep and prayerful earnestness. 