THE GHOST OF HAILSHAM CASTLE. [Fon IREClTATIro.] "TAT.xti' of glihose, reminds me, Mam, Of a story now many years old It 'alponed one night when my husband, Got too nmuch to drink, and wan bold. Now, Sam, ye muat know, he wasn't o'er well The mornil" 'o loft for the fair, Ali' o 'o called in nt the ' Old Blue Bell,' To have a drink, 'o and the mlare. lerald heo'd bo home not nlter than six Both 'e ald thle old mnare together Ilut tnll o'clock struck-I thought., Sam's In a fix, An' lying dead drunk at ' the Feather. At tihe thought o' that, Mam, I felt full o' grief. I roalln'lt se black night for cryin' I To turln over Iluilte another neow leaf, I vowed It while eobbin' an sighin'. P'd leave him, I woull, that there very night ; I'l go where ih never would find me. I put on may things and male myself right To cat 'iun nd lnave 'im behindl n. I'l to i its on that night that very old pile Thel' catla-omlc owm.ed iy 'Ouhl lohin, Tired out '?lo a tlUone eat for awhile, For mlly heat wa a.lheatin'i an' qubbinl.' Some unilors, ye know, from thie nolgh. boallll' coast, \'ore etandli' wi' solno folks quit( nearl Thoy were talking and wlhiperin' bout a weirud ghnot, As walked theire that night every year. iTwoa IIUw 'lbout midnimght, ani' all was so ldark, The blackest of nights without doubt I I woa tulbhikn' of 'oimie, whell tlhe sailors crield ' Ilark Threlo it is I Seo I Walkin' about I' I screamed wliuoi I suw It I It looked, oh, eo white, As it stealthily walked iup nd down ; E?xcoI n long rbo which nwan shinoy Iald bl iglhtil Nothulug elsohnd it oni but that gown. The village 'twna in snch a terrible pllight kole, women and chtildru staood fixed I' They camel far anld near In the dead l' the nighltl Ani they looked nont little unmixed. The niow renohod tihe ear of Viscount llnealdaltmna, Who now Rtood inl front o' the throng, (inl' togther wi' lady aRu nlmnh \h'lo whlipored that 'slomethl' was wrong.' 'Tile ghot shouted out In grave tonne, Hallo I' 'Two a long, piercing, dismal, doop grean. The crowd 'ecrrlied back willh a nearel, mighlty O(il I' For someonao had thrown a big stone. On canme the ghost with such terrlihl His wellte robes onflowin' iI tile air I A.lNowlin' and granuln' becaumse o' that deed, IHo oolil I.ord Mnodunna's young hoir. Stolp I a rlold hplealeon, 'speak I who, elrart thou 1' Thie gllot iota wordl did Itlaonk, Inl1 I eulljllro then l!oi eIO ll iIwho I?r art'lhoill IonllalornowI old coolt (Vl Wyl I' Ham I' " Nhuln,vr OunKI.I:Y, 