THE SERMON. THE BOOK OHBIST. BY ARCHDEACON LANGLEY. "That Hock was Christ."-I. Cor. x. 4. It enables us tne better to understand the Scriptures if we remember that the Old Testament, was the Bible of the New Testa ment saints, that it is of the Old Testament Scriptures our Lord declares "they are they whichteatify of Me." To the soul en llghtenedby God's Holy Spirit every part of that old Revelation speaks of Christ. The promise to Adam and the blessing to Abraham, the Shiloh to come of Jacob-all pointed on to the coming and work of tho Lo'rtL The sacrifices arid offerings of Taber nacle and Temple had meaning and force, as they revealed the nature of His work of redemption. The priesthood typified His coming glory, and the blessing He would bring to humanity, in that He was the One only-the Great High Priest to the Church of God. "The testimony of Jesus is the spirit of prophecy." All spake of Him, and had their truest function in setting forth His kingdom, power, and glory. The Psalms are. largely Messianic, and have ac tually become the Christian songs of God's servants of to-day. Even the leading events in the history of God'B ancient people are used by the inspired writers of the New Testament to set forth and illustrate the work of the Saviour. Thus St. Paul, re ferring to the rebellion of Israel, regards It as a tempting of Christ-"neither tempt Christ{ as some of them also tempted Him," and when Ije'cautions the Christians at Co rinth In regard to sin and departure from God, he reminds them of that wonderful event in tho history,-of.-Israel, when He fed them with manna'and1 gave them writer out of the roefc-for their salvation. £>t. Paul's teaching Implies tbat sucli events were only types and BnatlisVs of a still .greater bless ing-which was-theirs,-and is ours also. "Ihey drank of that spiritual rock that fol lowed them, and that rock was Christ." What is the meaning of these words? Surely, that what the rock was to Israel, as regards physical life and salvation, the Lord Jesus Christ is spiritually to His people. Let us endeavour to bring the i scene before our eyes. A vast multitude^ men, women, little chil , dren, after days without water, in a desert : heated by an unclouded sun. Patience and ; endurance had been for some time ex i hausted; an agonising death stares the people in the face: They are absolutely de pendent on some interposition of the Divine [Almighty power. Moses staiids forth, I commissioned of God, to supply the l terrible need. With the rod of Divine authority, acting under the direct mandate of Almighty God, he smiteB the rock, and ' noiv there issues forth the beautiful clear ' pure water-the salvation of the people. I This is but a picture of a greater need jand of a mightier deliverance. To the eye of the inspired apostle there is presented, ! not the vast host of Israel merely, hut the countless millions of the world's inhabi ; tnnts, in all lands, in all ages, with a need ! far deeper, with a cry more despairing than was heard in the wilderness. The need Is , salvation, the cry is that of men who want j and seek forgiveness of sins, eternal life, ' salvation from the death of sin. There, ! too, comes before him God's deliverance ! for all who will receive it. The cross on j Calvary, the great sacrifice there offered; , not now the smitten rock, but the crucified Lord and Saviour. He sees in the one a shadow of the other, as he exclaims, "That rock was Christ." I.-MAN'S NEED ? is here illustrated. Those without water jean never be satisfied with anything else. I We are BO made that it is a necessity to our physical life. , So with our spiritual life we can never be satisfied without God. Gain, pleasure, fame, power, the things | after which men seek as if they were the chief-^do they satisfy? What is universal experience? The constant intense search ing after these is but an effort "to fill the ocean with a drop, and with unsubstantial shade of time to fill the embrace of all 1 eternity." What worldly ambition satis fies? What worldly pleasure does not sooner or later pall upon the taste? What is fame? The applause of a fickle multi tude-perhaps the poorest thing in life. Who that loves power is satisfied with ivhat he has? How can you account for it all? Only in one way. The inner nature of us was given of God, brought by Him into existence, with certain desires, hopes, pur poses, emotions that He alone can satisfy. Have more, want more, iB the usual con dition of man until he finds the true satis faction of his highest nature iu the know ledge and love of God. Over all of earth is written, "Whoso drinketh of this water shall thirst again; but," adds that Blessed One from wnom all life comes, "whoso drinketh of the water that I shall give shall never thirst." Men want peacc between their souls and God. . The awakened soul finds that there exists between him and his God the dark, impenetrable cloud of his sins. He knows, if lie has learnt even the first lesson in revealed truth, that God cannot look upon sin, that the wages of sin is .deatli. He wants a means-and nothing short of it will do-of reconciliation; he wants his sins to be taken from him, his soul to be purified, and until this is done there can be no peace, no rest. In such-Ant awakened condition, many would be willing to give all they have-to pur«hf^£ peace, but all they have is valueless to this end. Peace under such circumstances can only be attained by some Divine remedy. I There may, of course, be a certain attain-' ment of rest by forgetfulness of our real state and condition. We may forget God, | I and have a certain self-satisfied condition, j But this is only oblivion, and is that the right condition for any intelligent man? Surely not. He wants to know. If he can know he will. Men want happiness. God intended them, .?created them, to enjoy life and love. When ever an age has become pessimistio aud melancholy, it is because God has been for gotten, or His way of peace is unknown. . bjuttpBe tor men U thftt they should be full of Hi* 'presence. No wonder, then. there is the deBlre for bappineBS Bought in I wrong and mistaken ways/In ways that bring no real comfort, bat sought still. Dis appointed here, men turn there; finding the thing they sought elude their grasp in one direction, they turn greedily in another, hoping at last to attain their desires. What meti really need is God, His favour, His mercy, His love. They are made to love .Him; they are created to enjoy His pre sence: If they were right before Him they would find by experience, "in His presence is fulness of joy, and at His right hand there are pleasures for evermore." All souls who know not God-all careless, irreligious men -are needy, helpless, atheist; the spirit un satisfied; the highest nature in unrest, long ing after they know not what, hewing out to themselves cisterns that will hold no water; having taken all they can get to satisfy, still unsatisfied; dying "because there is no more to drink." n.-GOD'S PROVISION. The Lord Jesus is the way, the truth, and the life; all we need is provided in Him. There is living water, there is a Divine sup ply for all human need. The Lord Jesus Christ is substance of the shadow-"that rock was Christ." We want sin put away. "He put away sin by the sacrifice of Himself." We want pardon. He has made pardon possible by enduring the chastisement of our sins. We want the favour of God, to walk and live in His reconciled presence. The Lord Jesus has brought us nigh by the blood of His cross. We must love to fill and satisfy our hearts. We learn to love because God so loved us, and the love of Christ be comes the service and power of our love. We want happiness, and we find in Him joy unspeakable and full of glory." Wfi wafft God. God is in Christ. "He that hath seen Me hath seen the Father" is the Lord's own word. Nor does the figure fail when more closely examined. The rock was smitten; the Lord Was declared to be smitten for us. "He was wounded for our transgressions; He was bruised for our iniquities." All this life of peace and joy and communion comes to us by way of the cross. "By one offering He hlath perfected for ever them that are sanctified." In the subsequent miracle Moses smote the rock twice. He was not told to smite again; he was on the second occasion only to speak to the rock. He went beyond his authority; he sinned against the Lord in this. No need for any repetition of the sacrifice. There sin is put away; perfectly, fully, for ever; there love shines forth in all its blessed fulness; there the veil that hides from us the inner glory of God's presence is torn, and through the veil, that is to say, His flesh, torn upon the cross, we enter into the Holiest of all; into the very inner sanctuary of the Divine presence, and live before God. Well may we sing "Rock of Ages cleft for me Let me hide myself ill Thee." In the Lord Jesus there is abundant sup ply to meet the need of the whole world. To the utmost limit of the camp, the streams of living water flowed. Not one that needed was denied; men, women, lit tle children. So to every needy soul, to every soul who hears the glad tidings of salvation, there comes the offer of life. Some were strong, and could the better bear the suffering and privation, the agony of thirst; some were ready to taint; some lay almost dying: a few moments more and it would be too late. In the stream of liv ing water there came reviving for every one. The dying stooped to drink, and life returned to almost fainting frames; the lit tle children bent to that stre'am, and over their tear-stained faces settled the spirit of contentment. The strong men, who had fought their agony, dilank, and the tension was past; the victory was complete; they had found that which satisfied. So it is now. The aged sinner, who has almost lived his life, and lived without God, may find in Christ pardon, peace, sal vation, even now. Those who are just be ginning life, and want t9 make it worth the living, may have that in our Divine Lord and His love that will give the "in spiration to all true life ana work. He can sever them from sin and self and the world, and bring by His grace the Divine element of His almighty strength into the warfare which life must mean to every true man. Those -who are strong intellectually and morally know only too well that there is just something they need to fill up life's content, and to enable them to attain "holi ness, without which no man can see the Lord." We do not belittle human systems of information. Education, civilisation, schemes of humanitarian improvement, may do good up to a certain point, but thev can reach only to a certain point. Man's true, great want is Jesus Christ, and with out Him, apart from Him, all other things must, do, fail in raising man to the spiritual position God designs for him. Here is the true ground for missionary work at home or abroad-man's unutterable need; the full supply to meet that need given us in Jesus Christ-God's remedy for the spiritual and moral needs of every man that lives. This seems to have been a continued supply, at least <for a> time. The glory of the Christian's position is that the Lord is with him always, "even to the end of the ? age." A salvation from death that did not bring salvation from sin would be a poor one indeed; but, thank God, Christ saves His people from their sins. They have need of strength to overcome. His message Is-"My strength is made per fect in weakness." We have need of love; "The love of God is Bhed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost." We need pa tience; we have His, grace calling us to crucify the flesh. We need Him every hour. Have we to fight? He is "the captain of the Host of the Lord." Do wo need to endure trial? He has the government upon His shoulders. Are we going forward to an un seen world? He assures us that His pre sence shall go with us. Men are needy; they are dying spiritually. God has In the Lord Jesus Christ provided all they need. What is then the reason so many remain away from Hiin, that they do not take of the streams that flow from the Rock? They are blind to their truest Interest. They do not pee things as they really are: thev do not care to Bee them-the devil hath blinded their eyes. _ What numbers want is to see. to feel, their need; to appre hend when they stand before God. Once I awakened, surely no one would rest until he had taken of the living water. I Wonderful as is God's provision for salva I tion, it is useless to us unless we become | partakers t>f it. Have we sought it for our selves? Each one for himself must stoop nnd drink. Yes, and we iiiUBt continue to drink if there is to be maintained a healthy condition of soul. BelieVe tne, the green pastut-es of salvation iromeifi, Mljf. fanq the world lie not for from the watenthett flow from the smitten rock. Thank God, praise Him, glorify Him, give thanks to Him for His great glory, but especially for His grace, and power to usward who believe! Everything we arc, everything we have or shfell ever have of life and salvation comes fr6m Christ alone. Is anything attempted, Is anything a£* tained ? Is there any joy in our lives? Is there any rest to our weary spirits? Is there any entrance, off the soul into thd sweet, but awsome, presence of God? Is there any true hope of, eternal, rest with God? Whence does it come? 3fcace back the river of Divine grace to its fountain head. Whence does it come? Not from myself, my efforts, my workB, not from my. rJrayera. Not my partaking of ordinances, however blessed these may be to those who look beyond them to the Lord. Christ, re vealed to my heart by the Holy Spirit, if the source. He is our life, our heaven, our all. 