CHURCH OF ENGLAND. The members of the Church of England, were favoured with Queen's weather V for the proceedings in connection with the laying of the foundation stone of the new Church at LaurietOD. At ten o'clock there was a celebration of Holy Communion at the School of Arts. The Rev. R. H. Phillips acted as cele brant, nnd Rev. G. D. Hiider as server. All onriAlneinn of fV»?o aDVmAn n Ruri-Decanal meeting was held, pre sided over by the Rev. R. W. Phillips. After an address from the chairman, a discussion took place upon the advisa bility of forming tho present parochial district of Coopernook into a parish. It was urged that the present grant of £50 per annum towards the stipend fund was one that the Diocesar. Council had power to reduce or decline to grant, should there be a falling off in funds, but if the district were formed into a parish, and the statutory amount re quired by Synod raised, the grant would be theirs by right. Eventually a resolution was carried recommending the Parochial Council to take the question into consideration, with a view to bringing the matter before the next session of Synod, The meeting then closed with the benediction. At four o'clock the Sunday School children, numbering about 80, with their teachers, lay-readers, Messrs. J, F. Hall, and A. Phillips, aud Rev. R. H. Phillips, and Rev. G. D. Hiider, formed into procession and marched to the site of the new Church, singing the well-known byum ' Onward Christian Soldiers.'' One -noticeable feature of the procession was the banner with harne of Sunday School, and a large white cross worked in tho centre, Ou reaching the ground hymn 215 A. and M. was sung, and the Service appointed by the General Synod of Australia and Tasmania used for the event. After the lesson and prayers wore said tho Rev, G. D. Hiider read the following scroll t — ' In the Name of the Father hud of the Son and of the Holy Ghost' Amen. This foundation stone of the Church of the Holy Trinity, Laurieton, was duly placed in position by the Reverend Richard Henry Phillips, Rural Dean of ilia Mannibg and In cumbent of the parish of St. John the Divine, Taree, on Thursday, September 29th, 1 398, being the Festival of S. Michael and All Angels, and in the 20th year, of the Consecration of the Right Rev. George Henry Stanton, D.D., third Bishop of Newcastle. Curate in charge of the provisional district of Coopernook cum Camden Raven — the Rev, G, D. Hiider. Dis trict Church Committee for Laurieton, 1898-99 — Messrs J and R Longworlh, A Brookes, E Debenham, A J Gibbins, R Dobson. Representatives on the parochial council — Messrs J Long worth, and E Debenham. Lay-readers resident at Camden Haven — Messrs J F Hall, and AG Smith. Superinten dent of Sunday School and teachers — Messrs E Debenham (supt.), J Long- worth, Misses B Wilson, J Mclnnes, Kate Gillies, B Stace, and Maggie Mclnnes. The scroll, with last issue of the Churchman, was placed in a bottle and ' then deposited in the cavity prepared in the stone, and the whole cemented over. The Rev G D Hiider then pre sented the Rev R H Phillips with a rosewood mallet, and the stone having been placed in position was declared to be truly laid in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. The service was concluded with an address by the Rev R H Phillips, and the singing of hymns 394 and 305 A and M . The offertory taken up and placed upon the stone amounted to £3 11s. After the service, the children were entertained at tea, and did ample jus tice to the good things provided by kind friends, as a memento of the day's proceedings. At night a wild flower show and concert was held in the School of Arts, when a fairly large audience was pre sent — the front seats being well tilled. A fair number of entries were received for tbe flower show, and two of the floral designs iu flannel daisies and maiden hair fern attracted great' at tention, One was a bicycle beauti fully designed, the other a cross, anchor, and heart, with the. words Faith, Hope, and Charity interwoven. This design was very chaste and was awarded the first prize. The following is the list of awards and programme for the concert : — Awards : Best collection wild flowers Miss Froude ; Floral device, Mrs. J. Rodger 1, Miss Froude 2 ; Table bouquet, Mrs. A'. 'Thomson ; Hand bouquet, Miss B. .Wilson ; Wedding bouquet, Mrs. A. Thomson ; Dozen lady's dress sprays, Miss Froude ; Dozen gents' button holes, Mrs, J. Leonard ; Collection of orchids, E. Vovil. Children, 12 and not over 15, Table bouquet, Miss Nellie Munroe. Children, 8 and. under 12, Floral design, Miss Stella Gibbins 1, Miss Ella Debenham 2 ; Table bouquet, Miss Theresa Yovil 1, Miss Lily Edwards 2 ; Hand bouquet, Miss Hilda Gibbips 1, Miss Stella Gibbins 2. Concert programme ; Overture, Miss Morris; Glee Bail Smiling Morn,' Ohurch Choir ; Song, ' Old end Young Marie,' Rev. R. H. Phillips ; Splo, 'Thou Art Near,' Mrs, D.Bailey; Song, comic, ' I've just come away from the Inquest,' Mr. J. Dorward — in response to an encore Mr. Dorward gave '? Teaching McFadyen to Waltz' ; Solo, ' Laddie,' Mrs. Hollingdale ; Glee, ' Sweet and Low,' Church Choir ; Song, 'Holy City,' Mr. T. Holliday; Song, 'Riddle me Ree,' Mr. E. Deben ham ; Song, ' One Easter Eve,' Miss B. Wilson ; Song, ' Time,' Mr. J. Dorward ; Song, ' Ben Bolt,' Mrs. D. Bailey ; Song, ' Kiss and let's make up,' Mrs. Jas, Leonard ; Song, 'I fear no foe,' Rev. R. H, Phillips; Solo, 'Gates of the West,' Mrs. Holling dale; Duet, ' Larboard Watch,' Rev. R. H. Phillips and Mr. T. Holliday ; Glee, 'The Carriovale,' Ohurch Choir. Mrs. Jas. Leonard, and Misses Morris amd Mclnnes acted as accompanists throughout the programme. The even ing's entertainment was brought to a conclusion with the farce ' Turn him Out.' The characters were : — Nicode- inus Mobbs, Mr. J. Dorward; Mr, Macintosh Moke, Mr, E. Debenham ; Mr. Eglantine Roseleaf, Mr. Maxwell ; Julia, Mrs. J as. Leonard ; Susan, Miss B. Wilson. The Rev. G. D. Hiider announced that tbe receipts for the day brought the total amount raised towafds the building fund to £102, and also men tioned that the contract accepted for the erection of tbe building had broughs their expenditure up to the present to £108. 