THE BUTTERFLY. PRIZE STORY: By SYDNEY CARTON, I, In the Sunshine, HE was a student of divinity, but still he closed his commentary with a savage bang, totally unbefitting the dignity of his sacred calling. There were, however, extenuating circumstances. When an incipient parson is pledged early in his career to a pair of mildly inquiring grey eyes, and afterwards finds himself becoming more and more continuously haunted forgiven much. Three short weeks ago he had been only a wholesome and hearty boy, without a touch of real senti ment in his unawakened soul, complacently basking in the knowledge of his own superior intelligence and Adelaide's devotion to him. Adelaide was not intelligent, and she was often wanting in tact ; but she was an amiable and faithful plodder over all kinds of uninteresting parish work. He had, therefore, chosen her with the pompous and egregious vanity of youth, because she seemed so admirably adapted to become a minister's wife. And only three short weeks ago, perfectly content with this arrangement and the world in general, he had strolled across the park one evening, revolv ing in his mind a certain sermon he intended to compose ' concerning the vanity and frivolity of women. His youth and inexperience rendered him incapable of seeing that he was incompetent to cope with such a mighty subject ; it was clearly a case of the fool rushing in where angels fear to tread. However, as he strolled on, pondering various biblical examples bearing on his subject, he noticed a girl intently searching for something on the grass. He asked her what was the matter, and she told him she had lost a bracelet — a diamond bracelet with a ruby clasp. The worthlessness of all such vain adornment is frequently conceded in the abstract ; but tangible, practical, marketable diamonds and rubies claim instant respect and attention. He turned with her, and together they searched for some time over the way by which the girl had come. At last, near the foot of a shady elm tree, he caught the glitter of the jewel, and stooping quickly for it, held it triumphantly towards her. With a graceful impulsive movement she sank down on the smooth grass, declaring how thankful she was it was found, as she was tired to death, and held up her arm with a charmingly saucy gesture to have its ornament restored. It was a poor flimsy toy, even to the lad's untutored eyes, the most palpable paste and tinsel. The clasp was stubborn, and bungling over his task, he knelt beside her on the grass and watched while she showed him how to open it, and then with a deft move ment, fastened it on her wrist. He noticed how fair and white her round arm was, and what a beautiful little hand she had. Adelaide's hands were not, except in a strictly literal sense, her strong point, he remembered regretfully, they were red and inclined to run to 'knuckle.' Then for the first time he looked fairly into the girl's face, and met the lovely merry brown eyes which had haunted him ever since. But their glance was so sweet and guileless that there was much soften ing of the austere tone in which he had intended to ask : 'Why do you wear such things?' and he added involun tarily, ' Your arm looks much prettier without it.' ' Does it ?' she answered, with a childish look of pleased vanity, and the smile and look of thanks she gave him were like nothing he had ever seen before. ' Oh, of course it's not the real thing, but it's very bright and glittery in the gaslight, and that's just what's wanted, you know.' 'Why,' he asked, naturally bewildered. At that moment a belated butterfly, its large white wings gleaming in the evening sunshine, fluttered down and rested on her hand, perhaps mistaking it for some new delicate kind of flower. 'Look,' she cried, laughing softly. 'That's why; because I am a butterfly. I have a pair of wings just like those. I am ' La reine des papillons,' and I am to dance in the butterfly ballet at the pantomime on Boxing night.' His first feeling was horror that he should have fallen into such company. What would his. rector have thought could he have seen him seated on the grass laughing and talk ing with a ballet girl ! Then in the same heroic spirit as that hydropathic institution, the Good Templar Sister, penetrates the crowd of noisy drunkards at the hotel bar, and delivers tracts, he seriously thought to improve the opportunity, and point out to her the error of her ways. She listened most demurely, but there was a naughty little twinkle in her eyes which in his earnest simplicity he did not fathom. Then she gently defended her occupation, and showed him that he really knew nothing about it, after which she listened with the greatest outward deference to more stock advice ; simmering over meanwhile with amusement, and dying to share the fun with her own particular chum, among- the ladies of the ballet. _ After she had been favoured with the greater part of his projected sermon, he offered to lend her some improving books, and even rashly suggested that Adelaide should call on her. But this her little majesty altogether resented. 'No,' she said with a charming pout, followed by a dangerously winning smile and glance, 'I like to hear you talk, and please bring me the books here to-morrow evening if you will ; but don't send any youngf ladies to call on me. I couldn't get on with her as I do with you.' They had strolled to the park gate by this time, and there they parted, he promising to bring the books next evening. And so he was left to dream away the intervening hours till he should see her again. They were golden dreams of missions, not among the heathen Chinee but among actors and all sorts of strolling players. How little she knew of serious things, but he would teach her, and together they would reform the profession. Alas for his brave dreams ! The poor youth did not yet realise that he was not so anxious to improve her mind as to look into those bewildering brown eyes once more, to hear again the clear flute-like voice, to hold for a moment her rose petal of a hand. That was three weeks ago, and now on this dreary Christmas evening, with the soft warm rain falling on the leaves outside, he had shut himself into his study to face the situation. They had met many times in those few weeks, the girl thinking it delicious fun to captivate a parson so, and telling her particular friend that if the big squatter who was going to marry her at Easter, died soon, she might be a bishop's lady some day. But the man was in deadly earnest. He was a man now, haggard and worn with the great restless fever of love that burnt into his very soul. He knew in his inmost heart that she was true to her character, a mere little fritillary, not fitted for the serious work of the world, but only meant to gladden weary eyes awhile with her beauty and her happy smile. He knew he had no strong influence over her, that he could not shape her thoughts nor direct her life. He knew that on this sacred Christmas evening she was in the whirl probably of a final rehearsal, not singing carols in the Church choir like Adelaide ; yet he knew desperately, despairingly, that he would have faced perdition with her, in preference to Paradise with Adelaide. He could imagine what the dawning gleam of love would be in those haunting eyes, he would give his very life to behold it once, but he had not seen it yet. But he madly, fiercely resolved he would win it, even if it cost him his calling, reputation, honour, and all a man holds dear. But it was not to be. He never met her again in the park, and he grew almost mad with longing for a sight of her sweet face. Adelaide mildly marvelled and grieved at his wild moody ways, but, convinced that he was passing through some dark ordeal of religious doubt, forbore to question him and reverently let him alone. He haunted the park in the long summer twilight, and the stage door at night. He put timid questions to the seasoned loungers there, which provoked much unholy mirth and ridicule, for it is easy to imagine that an unsophisticated j'uuiig cicig^ mciiif hi ui uiuuua ctiuxc, ctiiAiuusiy inquiring ciiier a young and beautiful queen of butterflies, whose name even he does not know, should speedily become an object of much derision in such society. He even penetrated, shame faced and half-disguised into the pit of the theatre, but he could not recognise her under rouge and flaxen wig in the glittering throng of human butterflies that filled the bewilder ing scene. So the days and weeks passed on, and though he did the duty that came to him in a mechanical and listless way, he bore a heartache such as it is the lot of few to endure. But his weary searchings, his sleepless pain were of no avail ; she seemed to have passed completely and for ever out of his life. At last one evening when he was assisting at the service in a large city church, he saw her coming up the aisle accom panied by a tall, burly countryman. How he strove for calm ness to perform his part rationally, how he thanked God for the mere sight of her ! How hard it was to still his feverish haste in ridding himself of his vestments ! Then he rushed out into the street in search of her. But he could not find her, and after an hour's weary search he returned home, grey with the agony of disappointment. He had thought many times of giving up his work and going far away, or of going as a missionary — this time he chose the heathen Chinee— but now he ceased to strive against Fate. He had to live out his life, and one way was as good as another. Adelaide was such an admirable worker in the parish, and she had been so patient, so at last he married her — for the sake of the Sunday Schools ?! II.— In the Chill Shadow. It was Christmas time again about five years later. On a selection far away in the bush a woman stood washing in an open shed at the back of the house. The hot afternoon sun was slanting in on her bent back, and her attitude and every movement betrayed languor and weariness. On the clothes, lines hung the pathetic record of her hard, unlovely toil, an array of coarse clothing, chiefly moleskin trousers, coloured shirts and rough cotton socks. She was dressed in shabby, patched print and wore a large apron made of sacking. On her head was a calico sun bonnet and on her feet old leather boots. It was very hot and she was evidently unfit for such work, and was forced every now and then to stop to wipe the perspiration from her face as she leaned against the tub. But she plodded on until the work was finished, then she carried the tub out to the grass to empty it. As she rested for a moment before tilting it up, she raised her eyes listlessly and saw a horseman coming through the open slip-rails. She stood and waited as he rode up to her, then he dismounted, raised his hat, and asked for the master. She saw by his dress that he was a clergyman, so she invited him in, saying that her husband was away on the run, but would be back by sun down. Her voice seemed to startle him, although it had such a weary, listless tone ; he bent down suddenly and scanned her face beneath the limp flapping bonnet, and she looked up surprised by his quick movement. So they stood an instant, looking into each other's eyes, then dropping the bridle rein, he caught both her hands in his and cried : ' Surely you are not ? ?' 'Yes!' she answered slowly, with a strange catch in her throat, and the wraith of the old sweet smile, ' I was the butterfly.' Then in a little while they went indoors, and when she threw off the hideous sun-bonnet he could see how terribly she was changed. Her delicate face was freckled and weather beaten and the wavy brown hair had grown lustreless and scanty. The brown eyes looked larger, lovelier than ever, but they had wept-out hollows beneath them, and there were sad, tired lines around the drooping corners of her mouth. Shocked and compassionate, he took in these details as she untied and removed her coarse, wet apron, but when she sat down near him on the sofa, and the ghost of the old light flitted for a moment across her eyes and faded out again, when the old merry smile danced a moment on her lips and then fled frightened at the stern lines graven there, his soft control began to fail, so, muttering that he must see to his horse he went out of doors again. How she worked to make the best of her shabby sur roundings before he returned, while he could only pace up down beside the patient horse he had forgotten to unsaddle. She had no one to help her but an uncouth girl of thirteen or fourteen, whose mission in life seemed to be getting into other people's way. Yet they had prepared the little spare bedroom, tidied the long kitchen where they had their meals, got out the best table linen, and laid the tea table with fresh flowers on it before the minister came in again with the husband.. The former .was shown to his room, and the latter sat down by the chimney corner where his wife was busy frying something over the fire. As he unlaced his heavy working boots, he surveyed her with an evil sneer. He was in a vile temper, things had gone wrong with him on the run, a drought was threatening, and, moreover, he had -already crossed swords with the parson out of doors and had the worst of the encounter. His wife was dressed with unusual care, and wore a pretty muslin blouse, a relic of her earlier happy days. Her face was flushed with the cooking, and her. eyes were shining with the excitement. He passed round to the other side of the fire' place to reach his pipe, and as he lit it at the fire, he said jeeringly : . - 'You're making an infernal fuss over that' jackanapes ; it's most wonderful to me how women will run for everlasting after a parson !' ? . . She did not answer, and there was silence for a moment save for the spluttering of the pan. Then he asked suddenly, ' Did you feed the pigs ?' She looked up frightened and apologetic, her hand upon the handle of the pan. ' Oh dear ! no, I quite forgot !' ? . ' Of course not ! You've thought of nothing but dolling yourself up since that fellow came in sight,' and with a most emphatic malediction, he pushed her roughly out of his way^as he snatched up his boots again to go and attend to the poor neglected pigs. The push sent her heavily against the wall of the great open fireplace, the pan flew up with the jerk, and the boiling fat splashed all over her bare arms. The pain was of course frightful ; but her indignation kept her silent till he was gone, then she called the girl, who dressed the wound and bound it up in clumsy, kindly fashion, and then finished cooking the tea. When the master returned, the meal was served and they sat down to it. The sight of his wife's bandaged arm made him inwardly remorseful, but the only outward and visible sign of his regret was a fresh excess of ill-temper. 'Take that rubbish off the table,' he snarled savagely, ' we can't eat flowers ' ; and without a word she took them away. They were only a few poor geraniums and stunted zinnias, all the drought had left her, but they had made a bright spot on a homely table. Then he shook out the serviette laid for him, held it up contemptuously between his finger and thumb, and crushing it into a ball tossed it across the room, declaring such foolery made him sick. He served his wife and guest with the dish she had prepared, some kind of simple little omelette, then pushed the dish away with scorn, and called loudly to the girl for the cold corned beef. His wife sat white and silent ; the pain of her arm was intolerable ; and she was utterly ashamed of the scene. She bitterly contrasted the two men, the one gentle and refined, his clear-cut face showing like a cameo against the back ground of smoke-brown slabs, the sodden blunted features of the other bending wolfishly over his plate. And she dreaded these outbursts of temper too, because they were usually the precursors of a heavy drinking bout. It was nearly two miles to the woolshed where service was to be held that night, so when the irksome meal was over, the minister rose to go, paying his host the idle compliment of asking him if he would accompany him. 'To church? Not I !' he answered rudely, as taking up his pipe he slouched out of doors. Then the minister turned to the wife and holding out his hand, said gently he would bid her good-bye as he must leave at daybreak to reach his head quarters, twenty miles away in time for the Christmas service. But he hoped to see her very soon again, and -if he could do anything for her — here he glanced at her injured arm, and could not go- on. But she assured him bravely that she would see him in the early morning, she would sure to be up. Thus, with a pathetic attempt at the old smile and the old bright manner, she parted from him, and he went out into the still, warm night. But even as he went, the wan smile froze on her pale lips as she saw the wild sneering face of her husband glaring at her through the uncurtained window. From the uncertain refuge of her own bedroom she could see the white railing which enclosed two tiny graves, and as she stood in her pain and despair looking out with tired eyes towards them, the prayer that rose unspoken from her heart was exceeding bitter. Poor bruised, storm-beaten little butter fly ! The grand squatter she had married so gaily, so thoughtlessly, had proved but a sorry fraud, and she had drudged ever since in sordid poverty without a ray of light or hope. In love's sunshine she might have lingered till the evening of life's little day ; but weary battling against the chill wind of adversity had soon worn her out, and she was 1 longing for her rest. And she would have sunk to it in the apathy that had overcome her, but for the sight of her old friend, that stirred up memories and vain regrets for the happy days gone by. And the man who would have perilled his soul to save her an hour's grief, strode along under the stars half-maddened with a wild fierce exultation, for at last he fancied he had seen the soft faint love-light in those tired eyes, the dawning tenderness in her slow sweet smile — Too late, too late ! All heaven and hell surged in his heart, as above his despair, rose ever the mad exultant joy of winning that look at last. When he returned from the service, he had intended only to get his valise and ride away through the summer night, for he felt he could not eat that man's bread again nor sleep under his roof. But the uncouth girl was on the verandah crying, and she told him that her 'missus' was very sick, and that the boy had gone off into the township for the doctor. So sitting there on the kitchen verandah he waited through heavy monotonous hours into the heart of the night till at last the doctor came and passed into the house. Then he waited more leaden hours till the faint chill light began to dawn on his haggard eyes. Then the doctor came out to him and said briefly : ' She is asking for you.' The tone was so significant that the answer came instantly like a sharp cry of pain : ' Is there no hope ?' ' Not the slightest, I think she wants you to christen the child.' ' What about the husband, is he there ?' The doctor jerked his thumb contemptuously towards the open kitchen door, opposite which, on a sofa, was stretched the master of the house in a drunken slumber. ' Better leave him alone and let her die in peace. He'll make an awful scene if we disturb him now.' So the two passed in together to the sick room. A lamp was burning dimly through its smoky glass, and the feeble wail of the newly-born baby broke the silence. As they stood by the bed, the mother said faintly, 'Give him some pretty name — he might live.' So the minister went through the simple ceremony, and, remembering the glad day breaking on the hills, he called the child Noel. The poor little butterfly lay with her right arm bandaged and useless, -but she feebly stretched out the other hand, thin, toilworn, and work-stained, and weighted with its heavy golden fetter. She smiled at the name as if it had pleased her, and kneeling there beside her, holding her hand in both his own he waited for the end. Some one had taken away the lamp and set the window open wide towards the east, where those two graves lay. And in the pure soft light of dawn, again and again he saw the tender light he longed for in her sweet eyes, until at last it. was clouded over with the rolling mists of death. ' I am so tired !' she moaned, then turning from the light. ' I danced until I could dance no longer, I wish they would ring down the curtain, and then I could go home.' And softly, as they drew the blind to shut out the garish sun, that Dark Curtain fell, and she went home. And the baby went home too with its mother. 