CHAPTER LXIV.—THE MEETING ON THE MOUNTAIN. Standing’ upon the summit of a lofty mountain range, gazing out over the snow- covered valleys and plains that for many miles could be seen upon every hand, stood a young girl. It was the same beautiful girl, clad Jn buckskin, who had captured the young ranchero, Burt Braxton, and his cowboy comrade, and afterwards pre vented the Monarch of the Mountains from taking the. life of the former. ' She' held a glass in her hand?' and wgs sweeping the scene before her as though, in search of some object. A rifle was swung at her back, she wore a belt of arms round her slender waist, and a few hundred yards down the mountain stood her horse. "I do not know why he does not re turn. I sincerely hope no harm has be fallen him. And why does father re main so long away this time?” She spoke aloud, in a soft, rich voice, and again raised her glass to her eyes. Then she cried out, in a cheery tone': "He is coming, and he rides hard.” She had caught sight of a horseman coming along a valley a couple of miles away and far below her. The horseman was riding hard, seeming to press his horse to the top of his speed, though the trail was unbroken and the snow deep. .. The young girl at once descended from -the peak to which she had climbed, went to'her horse, leaped into the saddle, and rbde along the trail to meet the one she had seen coming. She soon did so,and as the horseman advanced he called "Ah, Zulita, I am so glad you have met me, for I have news—oh, so much news—for you.” • "Is father dead?” she asked, quickly. "No; but has he returned to the re treat?” “He has not, and I was growing most "anxious about you.” ' “Well, I did have a close shave, but : it is all right now, as I discovered much through a shot I made.” "I feel that you have made an impor I ‘••mi find, brother. Have you discovered gold?” “Yes and no. I have discovered that which is dearer than gold, sister.” The face of the young girl showed how deeply she was interested, and the horseman went on to say : “Do you remember the day that you captured me?” ‘.'Can I eve* forget it?" “”iou recall , that the .. Monarch was very much disturbed over a strange echo he had heard of his own words?” “Yes; he did not rest until he had gone there the next day and repeated the same words that he told us had been so changed, and he felt greatly relieved when he found the echo was different froni what it had been the day before.” "Well, I have found the echo." “The same place?" “No, the echo; for what he heard that day was not an echo, but a man’s voice, and I have found the man.” “Oh. brother!” “It is true, for I have seen trails about I Could not account for, and seeing a fresh one in the snow two days ago, I followed it. It was a man’s track, and I followed it to his retreat, and when lie jjiscevered me, although I raised my hands above my head, he fired upon me. In self-defence I was compelled to fire on him, and I sought to wound him in the arm, but the bullet cut through it and entered under the shoulder.” “Killing him?” “Heaven grant not! But see, I have ridden my horse nearly to death, for last night I went to the fort.” “The fort?” “Well, the outpost.” "Why did you go there this time, brother?” "To leave a note for Surgeon Powell, for I wish to take him to the cabin of the wounded man and have him make him well.” “But will he come?” “Yes, I. know he will. I made an ap pointment with him for to-night at Beacon Bock, and he will be there.” "Then he is not afraid of ghosts?” “Not he. But come, you must get ready to go with me at once to the cabin, and I will leave you there while I go.to meet the Surgeon Scout.” “But suppose father returns?” “He will not, for he dare not leave just now. There is too much at stake for “And this’ wounded man, brother?” “That is the great secret that I have to tell you, sister, and you shall hear all as we ride along; for we must start at once, and not spare our horses.” 