ON THE TRAIL TO THE KLONDIKE. 50,000 MEN ON THE MARCH. Tjraii. Alaska, January 31. I left Seattle, which is the U.S. outfitting point for the Klondike, on 12th January, with 10001b. of provisions and a full outfit sufficient to last; one man one year, which cost £75, and the expense of freighting same to Skagway amounted to £2 5s. The passenger rate was £8 first olas3 and £5 second class. Every available freight and passenger space on the steamer was orowded, carrying 825 passengers and ^ 1,250 tons of freight. The steamer left the docks at midnight on. the 12th of January, and reached Victoria, British Columbia, at 4 o'clock in,. the afternoon of the 13th, vhere a considerable amount of freight and 40 passengers were taken aboard. At 9 o'clock of the same day Yancouver, the outfitting point for British Columbia, was reached, where no fewer than 15 stowaways were put ashore, and some 20 more passen gers came aboard. The accommodation on the steamer was by this time unable to cope with the passengers. Men and woman were sleeping on the floors, tables, and chairs,- and every space was oconpied ; whilst the meals were set up table after table, breakfast, lunch, and dinner following in unbroken succession from 6 o'clock in the morning till half-paBt 7 o'clock in the eveniDg. In the steerage matters were infinitely worse, the forward hatches being blotted with horses, mules, and oxen. After leaving Vancouver no ? lewer than 27 stowaways were discovered on board, and were set to work in various capacities. The passengers consisted of a very cosmo politan crowd of tradesmen, broken-down bankers, and men who at one time held high and responsible positions, and were making for Alaska to retrieve their broken fortunes ; womnn going to open restaurants, laundries, stores, and other businesses, ac tresses, dance-hall artists, gamblers, swind lers, 9nd men of every type and nationality. On the afternoon of the 14th the first and only rough weather to be met with on the trip was encountered, namely, in Qaeen Charlotte Sound, and fully two-thirds of the passengers were soon fully occupied with the troubles of mal-de-mer. i Two of the passengers standing on the upper deck were holdingon to a rope attached to the headlight — a cumbrous affair weighing about 251b. — which came down, aDd smashed the skull of one named Gamache, a Briton, from Montreal, B.C. Later on in the evening a sea-sick passenger rolled overboard and was never beard of again. The next morning Wrangel, in Alaska, was reached, and smooth water was again met with, to the satisfaction of the sea-sick passengers. A few of the Klondikers went ashore here to attempt to cross the Daulton trail to Dawson City ; but the route is not a good one, and few have, so far, crossed it success fully. The scenery from Wrangel, through the narrows, ia superbly grand. Towering snowy mountains, with glaciers on the top, rise up with fascinating grandeur, and ice bergs almost fill the narrow channels through which the steamer ploughs her course northward. On Sunday evening Juneaii, the largest city in Alaska, was reached, and as the steamGr lay there- five hours the majority of the passengers went ashore, and took in the eights of the city, which consisted of a number of wooden buildings, principally saloons, gambling-houses, dance-halls, and restaurants; all the streets being built entirely of wood and lit by electric light. A tremendous lot of money ia won and lost in the gambling-houses in tbis city. Qalte a number of wealthy Klondikers come down from the interior to spend the wint* r in Junean. Faro banks, poker, roulette^ tables, wheels of fortune (or misfortune), dice-throwing, and sundry other games are played by gamblers, no laws being enforced against them. Leaving Juneau in a very heavy snow storm, the good ship steamed northwards 100 miles, and reached Skagaway on Mon day morning, the 17 th inst., without further mishap. I was much surprised at the gen eral appearance and magnitude of the new town of Skagaway, which in August last, was a desolate, muddy beach. It is now a a city with a population of 5,000 inhabitants, and is being added to almost daily by the arrival of steamera bringincr in from 100 to 600 passengers. Skagaway has a bank, post office, electric lights, laundries, a brewery, the United States recorder'* office, weekly paper, dance-halls, gambling saloons and hotels galore. m Pyoft ia also au energetic and thrmn town, ils growth during the past three months having^ been phenomenal. Build ings are going up in both towns as faab as men can put them together, and both are handicapped by the scarcity of lumber, even, at 'the high prices of £12 to .£15 per lOOOffc. The business of smuggling whiBky seems to employ a large number of the citizens of Skagway, judging by th« amount daily consumed. The United Statea Cus tom-bouse officials are very vigilant, and daring the first week of my stay there seizad between £1500 and £2000 worth. After the first excitement of the steamer's arrival had subsided we got our outfits on to horse sleighs, and we sleighed along the wharf, which is about half a mile long, on account of the high tides, and skimmed over the frozen streets,, with the sloigh bells ringing merriiy, to an hotel, where wa got accommodation §fc £1 per day. After rest ing for a few days in the city, making pre parations ''for our trip over the trail and looking round the town, which consists of, principally, roughly-hewn log buildings, with a few ;^yell-con3tructed. two-storied buildings, we started up the trail on sled3, with reasonably fine weather. Reasonably fine weather here ia at 5deg. above zejo, with light snow falling and no wind. The first day four of us sloddad our outfits of 10001b. each about seven miles over a well packed snow,- and then made a camp and erected our tents, after clearing away about 3ft. of an ow off the frcz^n ground and ice. About 5 o'clock we noticed a somewhat silent procession slowly moving along down the trail. Investigation proved it to be a party carrying the corpse of a man, who, whilst attempting to cross over White Pass summit had bean frozan to death. Ha was a yniing man, a batber by trade, from Michigan, U.S. He had been caught in one of the storms which are of fr quent occurrence near the 8ummi% and in trying to save his provisions had list his lif-\ After placing a layer of boughs on' the ice in the tent, we got the stove goinp, an-'! kept ourselves reasonably warm. After supper of fried bacon and beaos, we each crawled into a s'eeping-bag, and en deavoured to keep -the idy air oat and to sleep in spite of the terribly annoying howling of the innumerable hundreds of dogs owned by the Klondikers camped all around.. Their prolonged, melancholy howling, howfiver, marie sleep almost im possible, and after BpandiDg a restless nigb* rolling around in the bags we arose, to find it had snowed about a foot during the night, and had ftvzm bard at daybreak. After lighting the Btovo, the first surprise was the bucket of water, which was as solid as rock. The meat also had to be thawed out before it could cut ; the canned milk was... fjcz'en ;' aud, worst of all, our sockiTand boots were like boards. Th- stove, however, straightened thesa incon veniences out in a very short time. Having done some hard work the pre vious day, we naturally slept till daylight, which is broad at about half-past 9, and with the difficulties of lighting the stove and cooking breakfast our second day was nearly gone before we were ready to start again. Next day we started out afresh in a biting wind, which would freeze the breath on your face. One of the party, a bearded man, looked like a ghost carrying round a frozen mat ou his face. On ac count of the unfavorable wind we only covered four miles of the journey, and camped beyond the Porcupine River, about four miles from the summit and six miles from the dreaded White Pass. The trail over which we had come was over frozen ice on the SkBgway River route, and the wind blew down the canyon between the monn tains, raising snow like dust, which would blind and freeze one. At this camp it is advisable to await a fine day, and rush the outfit as near the summit as possible, and trust to luck to get it through before u blizzard or storm comes up from tho lakes on the other side. Wo have been waiting here eight days up to date for a favorable day to make the iU3h, and so far have not succeeded. The thermometer varies from zaro to 153eg. and 20deg. below. Yesterday a man at tempted to rush over, but failed, aud re turned with a frozen foot. We spend the day hugging the stove or collecting firewood, and at night time vainly try to k6pp the air warm enough in the tent to sleep comfortably. Yesterday morn ing one of the party awoke with a lump of ice 8in. thick on his oiar, where his breath had frozen us ho slept. Numbers of men are frcqoeutly met with frtz-n ears ant! finders, ™ ePif;e °f m'1*8 anc* ear CJVers. Tfto north winds b'owing through the pass ure positively unfaooable by man or beast. A few m»n from Dawson came through on foot a few days ago, and report positiv shortage at Dawson, though, if the avail- ; able food is judiciously distributed amongst the miners there, no actual starvation will occur. Yet meo, miners there — worth thousands and thousands of pounds — will be agreeable- to forfeit their claims for a ' square meal ' before the supplies get in. . February 1. Baing unable !o cross the summit in the gale and snowstorm which has prevailed here during the past five days, I returned to Skagway for mail to-day, and found the town crowded with K'ondikers waiting for more favourable weather before starting over the trail. The steamer Corona, which left Van couver on January 20 for Skngway with over 280 passengers, and with dogs, goats, horses, mules, 'oxen, and a mucallaueous cargo of freight-, 'struck on a rock off Dixon's Entrance, and the captain, finding the pumps utterly unable to cope with the inrushing water, steamed full speed for a small island about a mile distant and. ran her ashore, whrre the passengers were safely landeJ. Many of the dogs, horses, and other packing animals were drowned, whilst all the cargo was lost. She sank in six hours after the second strike. The passengers had a very cold and un pleasant wait of about 10 hours on a deso late, snowy inland before the steamer Alki picked them up, and conveyed tbem to Skagway. Many of the passengers bad in vested all their worldly capital in Alaska oqlfi's, and lost everything. Tim is the second steamer which has gone down on an unknown rock in this vicinity inside of six months. This morning about 1 o'clock a row took place at the People's Theatre, which con sists of a large wooden building, with a cheap theatre and dance hall in the back portion, and little boxes on either side where men can drink with the women who ' do a turn' on the sta^e; tbo front portion being U3ed for gambling- of all kinds, prin cipally '* dead-sure'' games, as the American oils them, a saloon occupying- the front entrance. A man named M'Credy, a teamster, had spent the evening1 there, and, when slightly intoxicated, entered one of the boxes, and got carousing with one of the ' Circassian Beauties,'' when she, with the adroitness usual to her class, picked his pocket of 50-iol. (£10) He discovered his loss at the bar, and accused the girl before 'the bar- tender, who, by the way, was on very friendly terms with this particular maiden. The bar-tender wanted to throw M'Credy out, and in the tusslt-. M'Credy got considerably knocked about. He avowed bis intention of fetching the U S. marshal and forcing the girl to give up his money. He did so ; the bar-tender awaited his re turn with a revolver handy, and the moment M'Credy entered the saloon, the bar-tender shot him dead. The TJnitad States deputy marshal (the only representative of law and order in this town) entered the door im mediately behind M'Credy, and was also shot dead,. and the bar-tender was bustled away. At a meeting of the townsmen here to-night it was decided to lynch him ; the lynching to take place as soon as he is found. As it is impossible for him to go over the summit,, and equally impossible to escape by boat, as the sea is too rough for small craft, he will, no doubt, be banged before to-morrow night. But as this will leave for the Vancouver mail to-morrow morning, I will be unable to forward details of the lynching. Another row on a smaller scale took place r»t the rear of Clancy's saloon about 6 o'clock to-night, when two men quarrelled about a lot, when one placed his hand on his hip-pocket, as he says to get out his pocket-handkerchief, when the other, think ing he was drawing on him, shot him, the bullet passing through the fleshy portion of the leg below the knee. At a large meeting of the vigilance committee to night it was decided- to draw up a list of all the ' crooks' in Skagway and run them out of town. If they make a good job of it, .Skagway will be 'almost deserted.' There are quite a number of Australians here, more especially from Western Aus tralia, though very few will attempt to go through. The report circulated some time asro that Slavic, the pugilist, had died at .Dawson City is untrue. I interviewed him at Skagway 6ome three weeks ago. He has made quite astakeintbe Klondike, though he does not like the country. Ho gave many exhibitions at Dawson City, and won several fights there. He made the mopt of bis money stendilv working: on a jay — that is working on a claim on the tributers' system, or on a percentage of the gold obtained. He says he has made as much as £20 a day, and never less than £2. When asked his opinion ot the country, he says— ' In the winter it's too cold to work, and the grub — bacon and beans — will ruin a man's health. In the summer it's too hot to goak, and the insects, more especially the ' skeeters,' will ruin a man's patience.'' Whilst writing this on a candle box in my tent, the wind howls down the canyon, and the cold has frozen a tin of canned pears, some of which I ate for supper, in spite of the heat from a good stove in the tent. We expect to make a rush' over the summit within the next few days. Horse feed to-day in Skagway was selling at £21 10d. a ton— 102Jol. to 115dol, Tbe incom ing Bteamers will not carry freight, prefer ing to fill the space with passengers. - - 