Short Story. The Tragedy of Roger Neville. . From the Mils of Usheenmore the far- Spre&'ding, heath-covered bog looked rc&lly; a place of beauty In the still snm- «her evening. So peaceful and Inviting It was that I was 6orry the old fiddler had told me of the tragic story that made It memorable In the traditions of the countryside. To be sure, I knew that Its pleasant guise was deceptive ; there were deeps and pools and quagmires amid the tufted heath in places, and dark and ugly they were. For all that, in the covering of heath and bios 6oui the whole looked so restful and winning in the distance, so much character with tlie far-away, old-world district thnt I learned to love so much In those holiday times, that I felt the tragic story was a grim and impertinent intrusion. Above, among the bills, the old Castle ot Usheenmore lost something of its ruined and sonVbre guise in the grace of the sunset hour. Yet once I turned to It nil the restful sense and beauty of tlie evening was gone ; I could not wrench my mind from the thought of its old days of riotous and abandoned and unhallowed lives. The Nevilles of t'sliecjimoro had lorded it over the district from time immemorial, and in our freer and happier days it is somewhat difficult to credit all the evil tales of •their perverse and dare-devil careers, •how cruelly and cavalierly they treated their dependants and their tenants, liow they deified law and convention and tustom ; how their very devilir secured diem a sneaking regard in the whole •ti.'lghbourhood withal, tfeheenmore Is finely, and dull, and world-forgotten today, yet the old folk by their chimney torners in their winter evenings tell »niny stories in which the desperate Vevilles are hero-tinged and idealised ; tnd the tone and the reflections and the nooning sub-notes of regret give one more than the suspicion that they wish the wild days of the Nevilles were back. But let me tell you of the tragedy of Iloger Neville, the last landlord of Ds- Bieenmore. In his gray old age, people whispered that his youth and early man- Jiuod had surpassed the worst stages even of earlier "Neville desperation. Ho tnd Q)is comrade. Jack KInton, an im peeunious neighbouring squireen, had been ihe partners in a run of shady exploits and transactions. It was even hinted that t hey bad descended to Wghway robbery and burglary—at least that TCiuton had. At last the was obliged to fly the country very suddenly, for a warrant for his arrest on very serious jhnrges wap in the bands of detectives. He had a chise sliave, a narrow escape, for they bad hemmed him in practically «n all sides, and for one night he was obligt'l to sleep in the depths of the cold •heath of C: heeninore. -But he gave them the sli;i. He did more, for he succeeded in ab hicting the no longer young wife of his friend, Roger Neville. In after days they were indeed evil talebearers who said that they bad done so at the connivance of Roger, who bad grown utterlytired and sick of lire. Rose Neville, who was several years his senior. More than that, there was one particularly evil set of tongues which insisted that KInton cared •nothing for Mrs. Rose, that he simpled inveigled her away to murder her, in accordance with a previously-arranged and diabolical scheme which would release his friend Roger of a burdensome partner. These stories were whispered and discussed for n decade after, but w3io could say If there was an iota of certainty in any of them? At any rate, Roger got his divorce,, and many years later, after a visit to London, brought home bis second wife, a young and lovely woman, " ten thousand tmes too good for the old sinner," said Usheenmore. It leaked out somehow that the pair were not happy—tlie old story of " crabbed ago and youth." And 'besides some inkling of her husband's past seemed to have reached Milllcent—as the young wife was called. In any case, Usheenmore Castle was no place for a Jifeful young creature like her. It was drowsy, cumbrous, gloomy; and very seldom was it graced by the presence of congenial spirits. As die years went on, old Roger grew more sullen and fretful; more averse to leaving the Castle even for a day. People said that tlie tyranny ot Uhe past was upon him ; that tlie ghosts of evil times were about !hlm. Be that as It may, in those closing yeans he was the picture of a cursed and bitter and hunted man. 'He bad yet another worry; he was in the deeps of debt One night as he chatted by a dying fire with Hillieent, lie bad a strange Visitor. A ragged, starved, despicablelooking wretch forced bis way Into tlie room. When Roger rose up in bis wrath at the intrusion the ragged wretch laughed a little bitterly. " There was a day," he said, " when you'd be glad to see me, Roger. Don't you care to give a sheltering corner, to— well, my old name was .Tack KInton; (but the bloodhounds of the law, who are after me, Jcnow me under other names, and for—well, other things." Roger Neville grew pale and angry, but for a little while be was incredulous. " Oh, HI tell you a few things that (Will convince you of my identity," said the new comer, " In this very room one Wild night, ever so many years ago, when Hose was—no matter about that—you said to me suddenly, 4 Jack KInton, you know the burdensome tie that Js—•" " St<>p, and be d to you," shouted Roger; " your voice bas not changed so tnucfli after all, and now I know you/' Then, casting a furtive glance at Millicent, ihe added, " I don't want to hear of those frivolous old times." The other laughed an ugly laugh. Milllcent rose abruptly and left the room. The newcomer jarred on lher utterly, Besides, she was unduly sensitive, people noticed, to any reference to her hus- Uand's past Roger Neville and Kinton talked together for hours. . . . Xong after midnight Roger Neville was aroused by an oTa servant from ills -eleep. Jack Kinton had called for him. Borne sudden change bad come over KInton, and he spoke of death. Roger was surprised at the added change that an hour or two had wrought. {Before retiring his uncouth Visitor had seemed to pull up'a little. Now the colour of death was in his face. He motioned to the other to close the door fast' "I'm dying," be groaned. " I thought lately' I hadn't long to go, hut I—I—didn't know 'twas so near. I've burst a blood-vessel, 1 think. Yes, It's no go. I'm booked." " Well, Roger," he said faintly, •" we're ' had many wild days together; I—I— can tell you something worth telling before I go. I came back at last to dig up «-» treasure—lot* «t ^old—In * solid box—that I buried long ago—when tha law-dogs were after mo." " Where ?" asked Roger feverishly. The other's mind began to wander. His words were a Jumble. "The bog, the bog." he mumbled at liist Roger, was in a fever. " Whereabouts ?' he cried «agerly, desperately. The other's language was incoherent Soger stamped ihia foot nervously. " Below the Hunter's Tuft by the carroad—ten yards south from the Tuft— then ten yards east from the car-road," he muttered at last "(Beware, the devil and his imps are on the epot—beware " "Tell me," whispered Roger again. " Tell me where you—buried—'Rose that infernal time. I know you made away with her. Her face has haunted and cursed me for years. And I'd like to know " But Jack Kinton was dead. . . . An hour before the dawn, Roger Neville was digging deep for tlie expected treasure in the spot indicated below the Hunter's Tuft He was feverishly exultant at flfe thought of the anticipated wealth. He thought not of Jack Kinton lying cold, dead, and neglected In the castle He started back aghast Horror of horrors What had he dug up ? A woman's -body. A woman's body preserved by the peculiar soil all those odious years. And it was—the body of bis first wife, Rose I . . . He lay on the heath and groaned. Now, he dimly understood; nay, he thought, he understood clearly. Kinton's mind had been wandering at the last. lie had confused the place of the treasure and the spot where he had burled tlie hapless woman in that, old evil time. What a ghastly ironic mistake 1 He A soft -step beside Mm made him rise and turn in dismay. An oath escaped him, when he found himself face to face with aillllceut She gave one wild cry and put her hands to her face. " Why did you follow me ?' he gasped —for his voice had all but failed him. "More of your—your—suspicions. Oh, go, go back ! I will explain all when I return, when I (have burled this hapless, body. It is Kinton's old, evil work. I swear 1 am no murderer." Sobbing convulsively, Mllllcent Neville hurried away from that terrible scene. She was in the throes of fever when her husband reached the castle. She never recovered, poor sweet soul I And Usheenmore to-day looks 60 peaceful and sweet you would never as- sociate it with a tragedy.— " Weekly Sun." 