Missionary Methods in Madagascar. Wo yesterday reprinted from the Daily Mail a circumstantial account of the methods adopted by the Josuits in Madagascar for the conversion of the Protestant people there to a proper framo of miud. The chief method, although not the worst, was the seizing of churches. ThestoryremradsouoofwbatCarlyle tells in the second volume, tenth chupter, of his " Frederick the Great," except lis to tho reprisals, which in the Madagascar business do not seem presently possible. By the treaty of Westpliulia the Church of tho Holy- Ghost, the principal place of worship at Heidelberg, had been deoreed to belong to both Pro testants and Catholics, tho revenues to ho equitably divided. Karl Philip came to role at Heidelberg with - a rotinue' of Jesuits round 'hint. Then came nibblirigs at Protestant rights and contrivances to slide Catholics into churches which were not theirs, and amongst other acts of tho sort the Pro testant tenants in common in tho Heidelberg church wore pitched fuiriy into the street. The ejected appealed to Frederick William, father of Frederick tho Great, then king of the kingly sort in Prussia. Tho old man growled, hut ho hud no jurisdiction in Heidelberg. But he hud jurisdiction in- his own country, and- thus he used it: Ho first of all remonstrated pueifically with him of Heidolberg, but that was vain. Then, addressing Catholic officials, he reminded them that from him tliey always had fair piny, but with Catholic powers it was different with tho Protostants— at Heidelberg for instance. ' " This difference must continue no longer, and you arc tho implements I havo nt. hand to bring nbout an alteration. From this day your churches iu my lund are closed: your publio worship and. your revenues also cease ; everything makes a dead halt until that Heidelberg church is opened and right done there. Bo it yours to speed suoh day ; it is you that can and will ; yon who know those high Catholic regions inaccessible to your Protestaut Sovereign." The Prussian Catholics ' shrieked, but Frederiok William was inexorable ; lie stuok to the keys of the churches and of tho revenue clicsts, and within three months tho Protestants were reinstated. It was a supremely neat piece of business, and many will regret that some thing of the sort is not possible in tho way of reprisals for the Madagascar business. 