|; - CHURCH NEWS; ? Tho Archbishop of 8ydo»y preacl morning nt "tho cathedral. In tho i Albans, Darlmgtofi ; on Monday nf li prêtant at tho apodal aw ri ce, and lu Ibo evening; wu one of tho epetiker* at the m co Lug held In tho Town Hall: on TuuradnT afternoon presided at amoettng of tho Cathedral Uh» pier and oom reit tee appoenteil to formulate a tóbeme for tba liquidation of tho debt re»tine; upon tho cathedra) property, and in >tbe ev ru Lax administered the rite of oenftrmatJDB at Bt. Mary's. Dalmain. The' Arehblahep hat asked the I tor. Willoujhby ptlesfaf end^deaooae to ba held in the cathedral OD friday week nert (St. John*» Baptist Day). The Biohop of Ken eu tie nretehel at St alary'e. Weet Maitland, on Sunday evening, and wu one of the speakers at tho meelina: held on Tuesday even- ing ia the Town Hall m cannccliou with the diocesan fat ti ral. The Bishop of Dalhurst hu boan suffering from a uvero attack of influents, accompanied by bron ohitia. Tho Sbhop hu been confined to hie room for nearly a fortnight, and in all probability ft will hitó'toUko iny work. The Bishop of Grafton and Armidale sn .Tuesday n Wednesday al larnoo n luid tho foundntion-itono f SL Joba a Theological Colbee. Tho earn of 11030 his been giren from the Marriott bequdat awards the establishment of tba beilege, and £700 M been promised or subscribed throughout the At th» third quarterly meeting of the Goulburn norien! Society held lut week tho Her. W. Martyn, f Taralga, spoke on Tho Koly Ghost the Com- piler." and Hie Rev. Tl. E. Hath erin oto», ol Binda, ri at Athanaaiu*, the Defender of the Faith.'' it evening prayor in St. Saviour's Cathedral the lev. J1.' Scott, ot Bungendore, gave nu address, 'ha nest quarterly meeline will oe held en tho re ipportumty of ' mooting him niter his absoace ïnglaad. tho monthly devotional meeting of the Chut iliielonary Association was bald on 'Thursday aller loon lu the small hall ot the Yo BUR Men's Chrisbau Ueociatton. There wu a larca alton dsn cc, OJ ' tddreas wu delivered by tba Har. J. Carroll, n 