THE STORYTELLER A FOECED VOYAGE- I was a rouDg man than, as apprentice on board tbe Star of the East, a bis sailing ship in tbe tea trade, and I was fonder of adventures than was good for me. I remember one Sunday evening, when «ur ship was lying in one of the London docks, meeting old Lo Ching. our Chinese cook, hurraing along through Shad well. It struck me that be was going to one of tbe few opium dens which I bad heard existed in that grimy neighborhood. I knew they -were frequented chiefly by Lascars, Chinamen, and other Oriental seamen, but I ha* Ion? desired to visit one of them, and thin - I thought was an opporta sity not to be lost. * Me no go smoke. We see a fl^nd,' said Lo Ching, in reply to an inquiry of mine The ca'm, begotten of thousands of years, of Celestial civilisation was upon his old yellow face and in his voice, but I did not believe 'him. I was not to be put off, and af e some further talk and the transfer of a c i < he agreed to take me with him. J»fter leading me through several infamouslooking s'reete, he knocked at <he door of a narrow, ill- onditwned house. An Oriental appea'ed, and led us upstairs ; not, however, before he received from Lo an explanation of try presence. Th-a room into which he brought us was a large one, and to my surprise was spot'essly clean. At a table near one of the windows two Chinese sailors were pliying ca'ds, otheis were lying on benches which' stood by the walls, tn one corner som sticks were burning before a j ss, aad the air -1 was very hot and still. Lo prepared the opium for me, and J 'fancied that a (lash of humor, almost Milesian in intensity, twinkle 1 for a moment in his little eyes aa he handed me the pipe. Then ho. joined the men who were playing cards, and f or a time 1 stoiii by watching them. When tired of ttiat I took up a place on one of the benches, and smoked with religious attention, and, owing to tbe heat and quiet of the room, and perhaps also to the se ative effect of tbe drug, I had much a-do to keei) awake. The whole scene was, however, very clear before my eyes when I saw two oi the recumbent Chinamen start to their feet and come towards me in a furious rage. They were both tall men, wearing bright blue tunics, and they sh"ok their flats in my face, and, without any 'offence on my part, gagged a'jd bound me before I was aware. Then, in my amazement, Lo CKng came over and grinned at me, and in the quietes . way imaginable rifled me of my watch and - money and disappeared. Before going, however, he lit a scented stick, and set it to burn before the ugly goggle-eyed deity that stared from tbe corner of the room impassively upon my lu kless plight. After wronging me so vilely my two tormentors pat down calmly to a game of dice as if nothing unusual had happened- When the night fed, however, and the lights burned dimly in the room, they got up and told m; to foVovr 'hem. They showed me a loop curved knife and threatened me with instant death if I uliould make a noise. I went with them silent'y thruU'li the dark streets in the most deadly fear. They led me down to the 4 river side, and after groping through a dark passage and down some steps, they flung me into a I oat and rowed sturdily down the s ream. When we reached an old-fashioned foreign-looking vessel that lay at anchor they unbound me and made me climb on boaid. Tt my dismay, the ship was getting under weigh, and my ooucern wa« so great that I seemed to fall into a swoon. A great darkness c<me over me. When I recovered we mu t hav« been some weeks at sea, for we were scudding along under the tropical Btars with all nur sails set. My first thought was that everything was well, but soon I saw by the faces of the crew that some great evil was upon us. They looked hag-ridden and excited, and moved about their work in thi greatest terror. One sailor lay in delirium on the fore-tie k, and his appearance Feemed to fill the jest iif the crew with the greatest loathing. riis eyes glowed with fever, find a r.-d patch like a star burned upon his foreheid. None would go near him. 1 learned that since leaving port the ship had met with many disasters, and now, to complet- their woes, the Ted p'agae had appeared amongst them. One of tbem told me that their captain was to blame, and that his guilt had brought their misfortune? upon them A rumor iiad spread aoroad amongst them that he wa? a murderer, and that his youngster, of whom he had tired, had followed him down to his sbip, and was afterwards found dead in tbe river. Even at this hour they wern getting rid of him. That was tbe meaning of the heavy footsteps that came to my ears from the captain's cabin; of »hi heaw thud as of a person flung violently to tbe floor; of the clash of knives, and several voices high in oath, I could distinguish the high sing song tone of a Chinaman, and the harsh growling of Dutch. Then there was a moan of mortal agony and silence. Fre d from authority, the crew broke into the stores and be^an to drink recklessly, that they might drown their terror aud remorse. Emboldened by tbe fiery spirit, they flung overboa d the dead body of the captain, together with the victims of the plague. Some of these were still alive, and struggled and shrieked aB they were flung into the sea. The abandoned crew only laughed at them, and rioted with drunken merriment upon the deck as t e ship flew on under the stars. Suddenly great continents of moving cloud were rolled up from the horizon by a roaring wind, and the shining sky was darkened, and the vessel plunged forward, without helmsman or guide, into a waste of foaming seas. The sailors, cursing the gloom, were not content with the dim ligh'S from the lanterns but made torches out of the staves of rum casks, and flung them about in their wild mirtb,and shouted with laughter when the lurching Bhip flung them sprawling upon the deck. They neglected to shorten sail, and the storm nearly drove the gunwale under water. Utterly reckless of danger, tbevsang out the old chantey of the sea :— " A stormy ship and a stormy crew, With a ghost for mate, and for captain, too, Storm along, boys! Storm along 1" The voices sounded above the shrieking shrouds and the waters guttering in the lee scuppers, and fitful lights fell upon the flushed faces of the maddened sailors. As I watched 1 saw a thin line of white smoke issue from the companion-way. Then a bright tongue of flame was put forth, flickered, and d sappeared In the drunken 'Arousal the cabin had taken fire, and the ft rce winds carried the flames for'ard. and the ship was soon ablaze amidships. To my horror, I saw in the red glare one of the s<ulo>8, a ruffianly Chinaman, stave barrel ^fter barrel of rum, and fling the dark liquor into the burning mass. Soon the conflagtation lit up the flying clouds, and shone far over the wilderness of foam. And even yet the wild voices of the sailors rang out from tbe after-deck. Now they sing : — " A flamirg ship and a roaring sea, And a keg of rum, ho, ho, for me, As we storm along, boys 1 Storm ; I" The horror of the sounds and of the spectacle overwhelmed me. 1 felt for a moment as if clouds, winds, and seas had all been changed into blinding flames. Then came an uproar like the breaking-up of the foundations of tbe mighty deep, and I felt mysslf falling falling into a fathomless abyss. A vo ce sounded in my ear. " Wakee up, Bah. Time go bick ship.' It was Lo Ching, and when I woke up I thought everything looked sweet and good. 1 was glad to find myeelf alive, even in an opium den. 