/?pOINTgV. ;/ ? o — '? — *! [By Neidi.1!.] The Light Oi other . ' \ days. — Kerosena Very soon will be If it goes on increasing in price. Mr. W. Paterson reports that the Hay district, near Albany, is suitable for the production of root crops. if we may judge by the name it ought to bo good, grass country. 'Oh, Mr. Roe,' said the female toper, to the police magistrate 'if you'll only let me off this once I'll never trouble you again.'' No trouble to me, ma'aui j ten shillings.' ? Great collapse in 'Bottomley's.' Is it true that the 'bottom' has been knocked out of the Western Austra lian' Market Trust, etc, and nothing; left but- the 'lees?' ?. Dr. Calmette is credited with having discovered ail efficacious remedy for snake-bite. If anybody is bitten . by a snake, and there is a general panic, the doctor will bo able io Cahnette. The Butler: 'Hand hevery night at the hour of midnight the ghost hap pears and groans and wrings hits hands!' Tourist: 'Ah, .must have died in the cucumber season 1' r ' ' 'A man who comes from Franca is a Frenchman, and a man who comes from Spain is a Spaniard,' said a comedian in a dialoguo last night. 'Don't talk to ,me about Spaniards,' was the reply. (Applause.) Getting dearer! Getting dearer! Kerosene once was five and six, Now at ten bob tha price they fix ; Oilmen all point to .the cost, and say, Dearer, dearer, dearer,, dearer, dearer ever}' day. - ? ? » ? 'Rambler' writes: — In the old days when time was of no value people did not mind going a few miles out' of their way, but -now things are different.' Are they? In some matters the authori ties still seem to act as if time were of no svalue. : ' 'What is this?' exclaimed a com positor who was1 expecting to be pro inotsd to a proof-readership shortly. ' .'Sermons in stones, books in the run ning brooks.' Impossible! He means, of course, 'Sermons in books, and stones in the running brooks.'' And the new reading of Shakespeare appeared next morning.' / A Geelong plaintiff claimed £249 (why not £250?) for libeL and obtain ed £239 19s. less than ha asked. In other ?words, the plaintiff's estimate of - the value of his character was about 5,000 times as high as tnat which was formed by the court. 'For 'ways that are dark and tricks that are vain the heathen Chinee is peculiar.' Vide the account of the papers of tho Chinese shopkeeper and his mythical 'countryman.' Sarah Gamp and her invaluable friend Mrs. Harris ' have many counterparts in real life. A Weeleyam leader once spoke dis paragingly of one of his brethren to a third person, who remarked: — 'I am surprised to hear you speak thus; I thought he was one of the pil lars of your chapel.' 'Pillar o' the chapel ! He's a caterpillar, that's what he is!' was ,the rejoinder Why should the council of the Zoological and Acclimatisation Society, Adelaide, . ship Tasmanian devils to Amsterdam? Can it be that the Hol landers are anxious to acclimatise this very unomamental animal? A schoolfel low of mine was called the 'Tasmanian devil' because he was so ugly, but as the full title was rather cumbrous for daily use wo abbreviated it to ''Tas.' Some persons who are in the habifc of investing largo sums of one penny in a daily paper are very much .ag grieved because there has not been, a great battle between the Spaniards and Americans, with 50,000 killed and wounded, and several battleships blown to smithereens. They would be still more aggrieved if the papers pub lished false news of such a battle. It is hard to please some investors. At the Northampton (Eng.) County Court, a moneylender who had lent £8 and received £9 12s., attempted to ex act another £2 15s. from his victim, but struck a snag — Mr. Justice Snagge, who altogether declined to help him. Plaintiff said that perhaps his Honor would allow his solicitor to mention the case for him at the next court. His Honor: Certainly, I should very much like it to be mentioned at' every court I hold in, Northampton. (Exit, Shy lock disgusted.) ? - ? . ? . K There is any amount of evidence that niaaiy things in Dickens' work which were pupposed to be gross exaggera tions, were nothing of the kind. The 'Eatanswill Gazette' and the 'Eatans- will Independent' never referred to each other in more scathing language than that used by the editor in Newfound land who declares that a rival editor is soaked with rum ; that he always drunk when a crisis arises; that he washes himself only twice a year ; that he is always -placed in the ship's hold when travelling ; that his mere presence in a city is standing proof that the police re gulations are faulty.' '. , 