THE ONLY POSSIBILITY OF UNION. Now. in this adorable Name, lifted above every name, mark that there is one binding force in the midst of the divided nations aiid peoples. It is slowly bringing the nations together, but I cannot dwell upon it. Especially, it’s the one and only possibilty of union and united labor- in the Church of Christ. Names are mighty, both in dividing men and in uniting them, hut far mightier than uniting there,welding them into one man, making their hearts throb together as tire heart of one. Ah army is consolidated by a name, and multitudes ciasp hands in brotherhood under the magic, of a name. Differences and disputes, class distinctions and envies, moral and intellectual barriers, are swept aside like a filmy web by de votion to a Name, and this Name “is above every Name,” surely my brethren, we are all feeling this — all Christians, at least—in that sense of unity which is taking masterful posses sion of us. Whence has it come? Surely it is because the Church has been of late persistently lifting- the Name into pre-eminence—I mean lift ing it above every sect, party, school of thought, system, creed, and creed makers, and theologies, even because the Church is feeling again, as in the apostolic days, tire transcendent power of the. Name. It is because of that that there has come into every branch of the Church a profound longing, a sigh like the groaning of a new creation —a desire for oneness. The lifting up ' of the Name and the longing for one ness are cause and effect; and that which has produced the longing will inevitably bring about the grand realis ation. Everything else, my friends, I think, divides. Creeds divide; it is the Name only that unites. If, in the midst of ail the tumult of differences, you sa,y—"What think ye of Christ?” there will first he' the hash of a great awe and a shamed silence, and-then all voices will break forth in one glad, har monious confession. “He is the Way, the Truth, and the Life; He is all and in all; He is .the chief among ten thou sand and the altogether lovely;” and we shall be all one when we all realise that He is the End of all desire, the Crown of nil hope, the Sun of all faith, the Centre and Soul of all worship, the one furnace fire of love, kindling love in all, the one adorable Being, Whose Name is so far above every name, of sect and party, that to men tion them in the same breath is an irreverence. We shall all be one, indeed, as soon as we make it the great object of our en deavor not to preserve and oxait our own function, phases, and dignities, not to push our views into prominence, not even to multiply and magnify out- own churches;; but to get His power felt, His will done. His healing and salvation spread, His all-subduing love made manifest. Then will all our home mis • sion work, and our foreign, mission work, too, be re- baptised with the Holy Ghost, and with power when we have lifted His Name above everything else that we feel and hold dear, and' put it where God hath exalted it—“above . every name.” THE GRAND INSPIRATION, Now we have here, the grand inspira tion that we need for our work, in the joy that the Name, the supremacy of which we are seeing to-day, and our itself universal obedience. There is ail the inspiration which the Church needs for its onward march in its fight with darkness and sin. and all the sour ces of prayers and longing, earnest labor and self-sacrificing zeal. My brethren, the Apostle has surely- told us hero the secret of his own magnificent devotion and sustained energy, and he has told us hc-re in brief tile story of all those who. with him, went forth for the Name’s sake, as we read. To him to have the Name was quite wonderful; it was more than wonderful. It was un utterably dear, a very sacrament of mystery and grace; it made his heart beat whenever he heard it; it set his lips quivering whenever he saw it; it was written upon every fibre of his be ing, burnt in letters of fire on every thought and emotion; it.represented ail that he hoped for, all that made life worth living, all possible joy here and beyond the grave;, it was so sweet to ut ter it, so sweet to sound it in the. ears of others, to spread the savor of it abroad, and to see eyes gleaming as they heard-of it—the power of the Name over him and them. Moreover"he’believ ed, and all those who labored with him believed, beyond a doubt, beyond the whisper of a fear, that this Name would and must get to itself universal powe-r— “At the Name of Jesus evei-y knee sha-ll bow.” It was a profound conviction em bodied in that magnificent assertion that sent all these men out to their aw ful, lonely, majestic, and apparently- un successful conflict with the world that steadied them in failure and charged them with indomitable purpose, and made their faces all aglow with antici- j pated triumph. They- were perfectly ] sure that everything would yield to this. Principalities and powers, thrones and dominions, spiritual Wickedness in high places and in low places, superstitions and religions, and all moral and intel j lectup.l and material forces, would slow ly- yield to the power of the cross and sway of the Name. These two things, the sweetness of the Name to them, and their conviction of its irresistible power in the world, made them preachers, workers, missionaries, made them fear less, enthusiastic, fervent, untiring, per sistent, and gave them their victory over the world. And, my brethren and sisters, we shall all share their sympa thies and thoughts and purpose and con fidence, too, to the very full so far as we have grasped, as they have done, the im port of the Name. First, oh first, is it a power in your own hearts Do you believe it yourselves? How much is it to you?—Is it true as you often sing— < Sweeter sounds, than music knows, Charm me in Emanuel’s name? Is it true as you often repeat— Nor heart can sing, nor tongue can framo Nor can tho memory find A sweeter sound than Thy blest Name, O Saviour of mankind? Is it dearer to you than all the names of pomp and splendour and human ambi tion? Is it dearer—I am afraid to ask it, yet it ought to be—than mother, wife, and child? Does it suggest to you all that is best in life? Is it a name that you would willingly suffer for and rather die than deny? Would your memory lose its most precious treasure if this Name were gone? Would your hopes fail and sink out like some flickering lamp burnt down to its last drop of oil if this Name were forgotten? Would all the world grow suddenly dark, and something- shoot through your hearts as if they were about to break if this Name were lost? Does it mean that to you ? And it means all that to thousands.Then you will want to say not in rhetoric, but in sober seriousness, and not in passing gusts of emotion, but with an abiding purpose, My gracious Saviour and my GrA. Assist me to proclaim, And spread through all the earth abroad, Tiie iiouor o£ Thy Name. Ancl do you believe as the Apostle de clared there, and as the Apostles be lieved, because it would have been the utmost treachery to their-Lord to doubt it, do you believe, as every devout Chris tian must believe, that this Name wilt have unquestioned and absolute sover eignty and supremacy in this world, that it will no longer continue to divide the world as it does now with other forces— the forces o£ darkness and sin and other masters,- but will possess, as it already claims, the whole? Do you believe that every other name, though revc-red and honored by millions now, will be lowered that this may be all in all? It' yon be lieve it—I will not insult your faith by saying “if”—you do believe it. For woh that has any part in this Name can ever abate one jot of that mighty hope ami assurance? You are false to His Divin ity and you make playthings of all Ilis promises if you talk of 'that with bated breath and whispered humbleness. Your faith is only a trembling apology if it fancies that other masters and other powers will continue for ever to divide, the world with your crucified and risen lord. And your allegiance to Him is not worth'the breath that expresses it unless you claim for him the coming mastery over every heart and crownHim Lord of All. And if you believe that then you will pray for it. You will do something more, you wlii labor to make your prayers effectual. You wiit'spsed it on, you will thank <1 od for every sign of'its coming-nearer,.you will have a profound interest in eyery assault made upon that kingdom, of darkness which girds around the kingdom , of our Lord. You will need no urgent and reiterated appeals such as arc made at collection times, and such as weary- the man who has to make them to bring out your measured and stinted sympathy and support. ‘Your hearts will be filled with the saving compassion of Christ; you. will be at least touched with the lire and. I fervour which- sent the workers ! down into the slums of the city and the missionary out to his life of loneliness and cross-benrin-s, and you will have a live and large part in that grandest aim and object of every live church, the hope of the time when the Name shall ha ve brought music to’.every heart as it has to yours, and where every knee shall bow under the thralls of its sub duing mastery. 