t«HAPTE& II.—OomtooED. "Berhaps the impression was correct, iny ion, but I do not like to'have you cost your lite lines at the call .of a'stranger." "Notr, mother, that wfis just the feeling that came to m&—tliat I was a stranger to one-half the world." The mother looked at bun with an unpsual tenderness—ot course the sacrifice had to come some time. "Conrad, you are on the threshold of love." "Yes, I believe I am. I am old enough, fortune Is ours—and a fair name. I am lonely." "with your mother}" said Mrs. North, with dowhehst eyes. "Yes, even with our queen." And the son arose and pressed the face of his mother to his lips. Nor was He satisfied until he had kissed her over and over again. And this mother smoothed the light hair frotn his brow. The time soon coming—she knew it was near. "I Kin satisfied, she gently said; "but I do Dot like to have my sou dfrell in thought upon a young woman whom he does not evenlmow." "Bbos you, mother," replied Conrad, with * ringing laugh which echoed cleM- to the K&rret;, "I am not in love with tills young lady—It was only a dream which her face put into my mind; it was only the story of a face. No. I am not in love so easily as that!" There was no anile on the mother's face, but there was a very broad one in her heart She remembered u story of the past when die went star-gating with a certain young Vender No'rt—when Boston was quite a successful village. "Well, my son," she said, "wo will have to face the danger bravelv, and face our neighbors daughters, too. There is Mrs. Scrlbner —she is well contented and " "She's too yo'tihg—not 35 yet," said the dutiful son. His ancestors had always married in the line of parental direction and filial duty, but the vein of old Dutch humor wouid defy parental affection, and age as well. "There's the lovely Widow Weber— "Oh, mother, spare the widows." "Look out, sir," she said, catting him •hort, "Mother," said the son, going over to t|je window and plucking the leaves from one of her. choicest plants, "I suppose every one has an ideal—my ideal has character." "As for instance " "I do not know. You smile!" "Yea, Conrad; I smile because you have Men a-face—and that wi]) be your standard of character until the moon changes." And the mother laughed ope of her happy little laughs—she loved her boy so. "X suppose so—I will wait on the moon." "Or on some gardener's daughter." And file little lady threw her arms around him and .looked him in the face proudly. "I think she is a schoolma'am, mother. Good night; you will be asleep when I return." He took himself away, and a half hour later passed the very spot where he had seen the face over which he had evidently been day-dreaming. Strange mortals we—all of to. And mother f Well, she sought her bed at an early hour, said her prayer and slept. "It was a whim; the first of many, doubt- Ian." And when upon the trellis, clothed in' green, came the (riiils in blue and gold with morning song, and the sun shot its yellow beauty through the leaves, the mother MM, wondering why she bad slept so well 1 CHAPTERIH THE HAS WITH A BEKABKABLE COUGH. "w, Pinnie, we file oing to my little home. If you were a young woman instead ot a great awkward boy, you could go to my room and neall my art- Istwork." ".Great big, and awkward T' said the slender youth, " I thought I was not 80 " Miss Lament iaughed heartily as Pinnie cast his eyes down .. npon his loose sleeves, and,Undertook to "modulate" his walk to (be graoeful movement ot his companion. But her laugh was hushed to silence as she realised that the bpy had never yet had oooaslon to penetrate the depths of a joke. "We will take a cab," said Jjeien. "If It Is not too far, Miss Helen, I would like to walk." "Oh yes, It is but a mils or two." "I am sure it would not be much to walk that," mused (he youth, looking at tfy thousand objects around him with an unconscious lotsrat Th» young girl smiled, and her eyes beamad ms they rested npon the strange boy. She had never seen & person so simple-minded and innocent ot the world. She thought to rouse him to something like gaiety by her 'many «n»m«r and sprightly conversation. It was a failure. Qis aober eyes sought hers in lOenoe, without question. His effprt to conform his actions to her own was a trifle f*5nful,butin the matter of merriment he niede no attempt*. He had seen it In others —the facnlty may lava been omitted in Us In this walk Pinnie told hit etory, little M&kjBfttatferfnglacfcapterwuto; mm d ifcotorad and tragic interest to Helen I—Hit All that be could Ml was that his imnabi had been lost at sna while ha w<u an Ubdi and that be was eared by being jMUftniiitte deck and toMed Into* boat tx£o*Uja&l;£ct«aiknL. He bad beard that rMat H» ttsae. Whtre bit W been ptatd be pns > aarilwt reroliwMoa was at » > building, sad of being taksn flfvMto therefrom fegy $jttsi thadb«c told 'him from "an orphan bell wbon a brat." Even his name was unknown to him. Ntf one bad ever told him why he was called Piimie—he had no other name—unless it ware Spanero; and Spanero had knocked him down once lor using that titlo on an occasion where a second name seemed desirable. "Andliave you never worked anywhere eke?" asked the girl, who had listened to the story with great interest. "No, .because Spanero always told me about it Sometimes he speaks to me kindly." "Told you about whatl" asked the young woman. "About how 'cubs' were worked to death as soon as possible to make way for new onefe." "And you believed thisf" said Helen, looking into his face in profound wonder. "He kpocked me down if he thought I did not believe what he told me." "j&d; have you never talked with the other painters during-all these years 1" asked the astonished girl." "I heard one of the men say once that Spanero told him tliht I was a little daftopce and had never recovered. I asked Spanero what he meant by 'daft' afterward, and ha flew at me with his knife. So I never asked again." Helen-looked at the boy for a moment and (or an instant it occurred to her that possibly he was not. of strong mind. But of all the Kfnilers at the school, she had found this boy the most intelligent within a limited range, and she determined to know more of him. Then Pinnie recalled her to the topic, "Is it not true?" "What, Pinnie»' "That men kill boys by working them to death if they have no parents?" "No," said the girl, indignantly. "Pinnie, did you really never have any one to love you?" . •)To what?" he asked with a curious look on bis face. "To love you—like your "Oh, yes," hg said sadly, "I think your pictures lore me. I stay by them after yon go at night." The'girl tjirned upon him in the street, and a pallor spread over her face—followed by deep crimson flushes, even to ber snowy neck. What did this childish talk mean— what iniquity had there been here that this mystery of life should appear in the very heart of a city? "Pinniel" "Tee, Miss Lamont." But shedid not continue. Wasit possible, after all,that*tb'e boy was of unsound mind? She changed the subject. And so Ijbey walked and talked until they reached the outskirts of .the city. "Pinnie," die said, "I am doing all the talking—do you never chat?" 1 "No, I think not." "But I know there is a deep thought In you somewhere?" He turned- bis eyes away, and dowly whispered, "There may have been once, but I have lost it" "No, Pinnie, itis not lost—it is laid aside for all these years, apd we will find it" "Miss Lamont," the boy replied with a heavy heart, "I sometimes think so. Bather the feeling is pre sent when I do not think." Helen had seen tflike expression on bis face —once when he looked upon a painting, of himself,-which she had quicklyput on canvas for amusement. The intellectuality had been , painfully magnified, but from that picture Pinnie had cajigbt an inspiration. She said nothing to him. He dropped the bapd that he had taken and continued, speaking slowly and carefully: "There are times when the dream life you have spoken of goes away—and a big door opens wide, and I see thajt I have lived in prison-rand 'when I want "to go out I—I— dare not." Still she uttered nqt a word. S£e was not sureo^her footing in such depths. .The dream of life of which she had spoken was made-up of pleasant hopes playing hide-andseek with the common facts of life. "Then I dare not^I " He broke off, and began qgain, "Idarenotstepbeyond—but I think, sometimes, very, very hard—of what, I hardly Still Helen kept silence—wise unto the moment. "I think of those who have seen and talked with the children, and the flowers, aqd the wpods, which we paint. And I think that perhaps if I had seen the great sea, and the ships, and the life you and others talk of— then I might have thought—is thatthe sea, Hiss Lamont? Is it? That is the seal" He bad lifted* his eyes—and they rested upon the waters of the bay, in sight of which they had come by the turning of a corner. They -stopped. - He stood motionless and speechless, and with fixed stare and tyinds to his eyas, shut out the other world—and gazed upon the'realm of waters—unconscious of her presqpoe. Oh, sad awakening I In all tjhe upheavals and overturnings of .after life, when the electric Impulse a^ousedfear, love or passion, Helen Lamont never felt such a thrilling of profound sympathy, anger, surprise and mystery as at this discovery of human wrong. The facts revealed were still in the shadow—but her soul revolted against the outline—representing tbe dwarfage of this life. She stood by him for a moment and oaught her breath. "Pinnie, Pinnie, my poor boy, what does it mean ?" she cried. "It is the sea, tbe great seal" Like the revelations of the lightning in the darkness was the sudden change from sadness to joy upon his face. "And why do you say this?" asked Helen, suppressing her own feelings. "Of course it is the sea." But within ber breast there dawned a fuller conception of the awful crime against this waxen-faced youth. Pinnie turned his face and plodded on, bent over and thoughtful. He had gazed upon the ocean, and his soul was filled as with the realization of a dream. He was unconscious of the girl by bis side. Site walked on, deeply mystified. At last he spoke to lier without lifting bis bead: "And, Miss Lamont, this is the green grass —and this is the country of our paintings?" "No, Pinnie, this is not the country; see here are.buildingsl" "A few, so far apart," he muttered, looking fit the residences within tbe large suburban lots. "And there are Sowers—not painted, are they? I can smell them!" And he leaned over a (ence in transport to catch the rich perfume hie had never known before! The time had come'when Helen could bear tha uncertainty no longer. She put ber white hand on his arm and said earnestly: "I do not understand you, Pinnie. Do you mean that you have never «een the GOA-before!" "I bare often heard of it My life begpa on tbe sea—it was my birth-place, I auppoee." "And you have not seen it for a long timer' *'I never remember to have seen it" ''Howl And lived in this city for years." "I ban lived at the school," Pinnie r»- fMrf- "And you hare not Men tha flowers and tiwwtwdsr "0b, yoa, indeed; 1 see them every day •ggf^jDum," mii k*, looking at bar sur- "Then why have you not seen the sea. "Oh," he responded, with some hesitation, "You mean these, the living trees and flowerst I—I—have seen the—the painted Sowers." Tbe tone and the look—out into the world before hiai—would have touched a stony heart with pity. To the melting heart of the loveiy girl, herself battling for life in the open world, it was crushing. She wept The Bhadows of evening were gathering about them, and no one was near. She had opened the door of a prison house, of the existence of which she was unconscious, and still to some extent unbelieving. Tlio reality was beyond immediate relief. Oh, of man's sad want—this was the most touching she had ever known or dreamed. It was the starvation of a soul. "Hiss Lamont," he said, after her tears were dried. "I think I know something of Thy you cry. But your life must be happy with all these riches!" "I 'have no riches, child," sbe replied. "These are the riches of others," pointing to the booses and gardens. "I have nothing but'my bands and thoughts." "Riches," he mattered. "I have seen tbe woods and flowers and the sea—what are riches, Miss Helen, that others have and we do not! Where are they f "I cannot tell you now, Pinnie. But all these things that you see are not ours." "Ood does not give thorn away, I suppose," said the young man with tbe simplicity of a little child. "Why, Pinnie, you must have read of these things," exclaimed the girl suddenly. "No, I cannot read." "You? You cannot read!" she asked in astonishment. "No ma'am," Pinnie answered, hanging bis head. "You never told me this. I would hav» taught you." "I was going to tell you; Are we near your home, Miss Lamont!" "Yes, Pinnie, it is close by." "May I not rest here a little? This is a great ways. I did not know the miles were so long." The boy sat down qn the edge of the pavement, under the oak tree, which still remained of the primeval Woojl, within a few rods of the house whither they were going. He looked again upon tbe sea and tbe woods, over which darkness was slowly gathering. Then up roSe the moon, in its full, silvery splendor. Tbe glory of the scene swept over him with an incomprehensible power. He bad seen its beauty oft before, set .round with brick walls, but now, rising from the water with its sheeny banner trailing over the broad waters, was a picture for which there was no'language within his powers. He was glorified, and spread his arms over the vista, as lf the sublimity might in some degree escape blm. Truly, the grandeur of the universe was poqred into his soul, and all the infinite possibilities of a mysterious nature overwhelmed him. He sank down upon the walk, covered bis face with his hands and wept, for what lie knew not In the presence of this new and wonderful revelation to the BOUI of the youth, Miss Lamont withdrew a distance—end witnessed that of which philosophy can furnish no counterpart—the overpowering sense of the majesty of God filling a soul for the first timet But|n end must, come—and any descent from ^uch hlgbte of contemplation, on the part of either the enthralled youth or the silent witness, must be painful. Shecameto him, touchedbis arm, and said: "Come, it is night; we must go." He rose mechanically—and walked by. her side as an automaton. He looked neither to the right hand nor the left, but trudged on. They reached the gate. Ashe stood by to let her ontorand lend the way, a long hollow cough startled him from reverie. Looking up he saw an aged, bent, thin, gray-haired man abont to pass. With an unaccountable instinct, which is a part of our better nature, the old man lifted his eyes to nod a passing recognition—anH immediately brought his shambling feet to a dead halt. He riveted a cold, gray, cunning pair of stony eyes on tiie youth, but not a muscle moved on bis pallid, yet sishen face. The youth returned the steely stare with the unflinching look of innocence, and ignorance, and wonder. What was the fascination in those livid features! A sickly fointnesscame over him—he swayed to one side, and would have fallen bad not the old man with sudden energy grasped the youth with unnatural strength. Taking him by both shoulders be gasped, with a hoarse whisper: "I have you nowl" Helen, who had gone before to the door, shrieked at the sight of this sudden assault, and rushed to the gateway. But the old man had fled, and Pinnie lay upon the ground. A® the apparition took wings in the gathering gloom, he left as the only legacy of mystery the exclamation: "My Ood, it is not a ghost—not a - vision I" and abollow cough echoed back as he passed into the gloom. CHAPTER IV. WJLEWS AND TBE POET. ILKINS was a philosopher, wl\9se search for the "higher life" was continuous. He was a politician, whose mission it was to purify the unclfanly pool, and whose highest ideal of gplitical reward was a foreign mission. He possessed - that spirit of ceaseless activity which obliged him to be always busy. And bad not modam philosophical investigation occupied his studious hours, he doubtless would have found solace in the quadrature of the circle, duplication of the cube, or some other mindwrecking theme. But in every channel of his nature there ran a current of old-fashioned goodness. He might have been 40 years of age at the time this stoiy makes his aquaintance, and the quiet run of bis conversation was like the flow of a river broad and deep—and slow. Wilkins was in love. At a little cottage in the suburbs of Boston he was summoned to meet one of the sweetest and most charming little widows that the heart masculine ever warred against, and surrendered to. His summons was of a legal nature, and had nothing to do with the profound sentiment) of dual unities. The little lady was literary—one of those harmless ones, who can do a little in verse and still sigh for no worlds to conquer. She was so fortunate once as to have one of her compositions accepted by that critical "allwool quarterly," which not only published the bright seedling, but spoke well of It—just as if an editor would publish anything he wouldn't think well oft Nice little, plump little, sweet little Mrs. Jennie Smith was not upset, however, by her success—that is, not completely. For did sbe not discover that the bald-headed raven wbo gathered in tbe soentednote paper had prepared the meter in certain lines and modified the rhyme in others? (to M anrnronut "MOTHER," SAID THE 60K ONE DA.Y AS HI BHTOUED THE StTTtNO-BOOH, "I H4.VE HADE DP MY HIKD TO KABBT." "'BUT,' SAID BELEIR, 'WILL TOO VET njiADFoa MR BOARD I" 1 U 