FOREIGN MISSIONARY MEETING. One of the most magnificent and enthusiastic audiences that ever gathered in the Centenary Hall greeted the Chairman and speakers of the Foreign Missionary Meeting on Monday even ing, 28th February. The Hall was not large enough to accommodate the crowd, the passages and entrances being thronged. His Excellency the Lieutenant Gover nor, Sir Frederick Darley, presided, and was warmly welcomed by the vast as sembly. He said the report showed that the Society's operations were not only carried on in the islands of the Pacific, but also within the confines of this colony, among the Chinese residents, and were doing a great and beneficial work. Some time ago, when presiding ever a City Mission meeting, he had been denounced for expressing dis approval of young and delicate women being Bent into the midst of China. All honour to such women for devoting their lives in such service of their Master ; but he felt that within the four corners of this colony, and of this city, there was a mighty field for their exertions. There was heathenism in their midst, close at hand, upon which they could expend their devotion. From his position in the Courts he could observe some horrifying matters — of children 14 or 15 yearB of age who had never heard of God, nor been inside a church, nor seen a minister, nor received an educa tion, secular or religious. Among these there was a large field. He had no doubt they would have their deepest interest aroused by what they' would hear, and feel their obligation to support this society. Dr. Brown presented the abstract of the report which had been Drinted. Rev. W. B. and Mrs. Bromilow sang a Fijian duet which was loudly applauded. The President (Rev. E. J. Rodd) moved the first resolution, commending the work of the Society. There was no ex-president present who would not commiserate him in his position, after the exhausting labours of Conference sessions. Tt was as cruel as asking a man out of breath to sing an air from a great oratorio. Why did they ask the President to speak at their missionary festival ? Was it to prove that the heart of the MethodiBt Church was sound in its devotion to the missionary cause? To remind them that their best instincts and traditions were mis sionary ; that their greatest nameB were of thoBe who had lived and laboured upon the mission fields ? During the great Jubilee procession a while ago, the people cheered most lustily in the presence of the emblems of the extent of the British Empire. Would that they had a Eudyard Kipling to tell in lofty Btrains of the extent of the Redeemer's kingdom ! Again, they put their President in that position that he might be baptised with the spirit of missionary enthusiasm necessary for the year of office upon which he had just entered. Their hearts might become exhausted of the elements of missionary enthusiasm. What were the signs of this? When they welcomed the mis sionary collector with the response: ' Charity begins at home ' ; when the missionary deputation was received as though he were the tax-gather; when they rejoiced that the wet Sunday was the day when the Foreign Missionary collections were to be made ! The agri cultural chemist had discovered means for stimulating the soil. And they feel the need of the accession of 'a Phosphate of Missions' to stimulate the soil of the heart. Concluding, the speaker would tell the missionaries of the great debt of gratitude they owed to those who labour in the foreign field. They at times found their faith failing, and some story of glorious triumph or achievement in the misHion field strengthened the faith and devotion of the Church at home. (Applause). Rev. W. E. Bromilow seconded the resolution, and delivered a speech that it is impossible to adequately report. From the beginning to the end of his wonderful story, every listener was intensely moved. Cheers and tears were evoked as he passed from point to point of his account of apostolic and God- blessed toil. He first thanked the Mission Board for organising that large party sent out to New Guinea seven years ago. He thanked the people of the colonies for their sympathy, help, and prayerB. What a different reception they got in New Guinea from that given him, 18 years ago, in Fiji, when Father Langham and a body of Christian people welcomed them! When they first landed at New Guinea, and whilst the Merrie England and the Lord of tJw Isles were in the harbour, with Dr. Brown and other friends moving among them, it was not so lonely ; but when those vessels and friends had gone, and they were left among the thousands of Bayages around ;them, they had many trials and difficulties to face. First one of their native teachers' wives died. Poor Nehemiah, her husband, walked round the body, crying : ?« 0 thou my wife, why hast thou left me? Thou hast left me before we have worked together for the salvation of the heathen, and caused one to be con verted.' It was very heartrending, but God gave him comfort. Nehe miah's only anxiety then waB that he should not be sent back home to Fiji. He was Bent to East Cape and did a grand work until his own sickness came; His death was beautifully triumphant. Just a week after Nehemiah'swife died, a little, child had passed away and then malarial fever seized upon the party, and they were very sad. The wizards and witches watched them taking the bodies to be buried and said, delightedly, that their sorceries had caused the deaths, and they were going to kill the; the whole party of missionaries. Mr. Bromilow had been very uncomfortable when he left his dear ones for three weeks to go on a tour of service. He1 did not know then that the savages had, determined ^to kill the whole! party upon a certain plan. Why they were not all massacred is known to God alone. Other missionaries, had been massacred, but God had seen it best for the Dobuan mission to preserve them. A chief said to a slay ing party, ?« If we go and try. and kill them we shall not succeed. They have come to us to tell us about peace, and that is a good thing.' And finally he dissuaded them. Now, the very people who then determined to kill the mission aries, came to the beach to see himself and bis party off when they recently left New Guinea, crying, 'Come back! come back ! and don't let the people in your own land keep you.' Then Mr. Bromilow told a singular story of the thieving propensities of the natives. Once on returning from church they found a number of thieves, led by a woman, invaded the mission house, and took away a number of articles. He was resolved to try and teach those thieves a lesson, so he went near the village from whence they had come, and sat down on a log. The people came and asked him to go into the village. ' No,' he said, ' if I go into your village you will kill me.' ' No,' they replied, you are our friend. ' But,' Mr. Brpmilow said, ' you don't steal from your friends.1' Theu he talked about the wrong of stealing, and step by step he led fiem, until they were induced to bring all the stolen articles back to the very places from which they had been taken. He had special difficulty with that woman - ringleader, but at last she also yielded. Then Mr. Bromilow returned with them to their village— talked, laughed, prayed, and had a good time with them, and since then they had scarcely had a thing stolen. When they went to church now they left their bouse open. Then followed some humurous in stances of the mercenary trading spirit of the natives, which kept the. audience greatly amused. Stories of the super stitious regard in which the natives held Mr. Bromilow, whom they spoke of as Jesus Christ, and the owner of the new religion, led the speaker to urge his hearers to pray for the mis sionaries lest they should make mistakes and give false ideas to the natives. The missionaries had to be literally the hands, and feet, and voice, and life of Jesus to the people. They had been advised when com mencing the mission, not to try to convert the old men and women, but to go for the children. But the Holy Spirit smashed up the theories and ideas of men. The first conversion in the Dobuan Circuit was that of an adult woman. Then the children were con verted. To-day they had 500 names on their books of those who were members or. on trial, and had been bap tised. Is 10? WOETH WHILE ? Sir William McGregor had said the Dobuan warriors were cruel and blood thirsty and it was true. They were the only warriors who drank the blood of their cannibal victims raw. One of their great chiefs, the uncle of one of the- young men present, never made peace when he was a loser. Was it not worth while to go among these and, by the power of the Holy Spirit, work among them until now instead of carry on their old pursuits they are preaching the gospel ? Then came the story of a canoe that was being built for a war of revenge, but which by Mr. Bromilow'e in fluence was turned into a gospel canoe. Just before he left New Guinea a chief tian expressed great anxiety as to when he would return. He told this native that he would be away 1L moons. The native then got a string, asking him to get one also. At the request of the chieftian they each put 11 knots in the cords, and agreed to cut off a knot at each moon. By this means the native Baid he would know when he would return, and he would be on the look-out for him. Mr. Bromilow concluded his interesting address as follows : — ' When we went to New Guinea we went to get gold — the miners do that. The witches said they had put the gold all out of sight. We went to get the gold which the arch' sorcerer, the devil, had hidden there ; I mean the gold of the human soul. We knew it was there. We worked and prayed for it, and we found it ; and, friends, we have here to night two specimens for your inspec tion.' Mr. Bromilow then introduced to the audience the following : — Lebani Kanemtt, one of the first four local preachers of New Guinea. Heneei DEBAKUAir, an exhorter and nephew and heir of Gaganumore, the great warrior-chief of Dobu. AiiESANA, one of the noble band of teachers who formed part of the New Guinea pioneer party. He is now a catechist, and returns to Samoa in con sequence of his wife's severe illness. Aneltj, a Samoan teacher. Another of that band. He has suffered intensely, and returns to Samoa only because his health will hot allow Trim to work any longer. TuiiA_fono, Anelu's wife — one of our grand women workers. On one occasion Tulafono, by her force of character, entreaties and tears, dissuaded a war party from making an expedition t/j' massacre a village. f The Widow op Seti, a Samo^' h had laboured six years at Te/r. r']anA was introduced to the ?/+. J prayers on her behalf we^ee.tl0/' and Mrs. Bromilow in^ 'J6/!^' 1 tion, and *a.d 8H^Ported th° re«olu' meak ot th,ir' Ae fWas P,rmleg^,t0 »/ great work in Dobu. Daybreak had come to Dobu. Canni balism and infanticide were passing away. The rescue of the children had - - been a great part of their work. It began in this way :— They had about the Mission House no one to help, the, people would not come inside, they thought it was a lock-up. At last they influenced one woman, above the common type whom they dubbed 'the princess.' Her native name is Baimokose, she was persuaded to enter, tho' she trembled much, but whilst' Mrs. Bromilow got her presents their little Ruve kept her in terested. She attended their services armed with a stick. They were afraid the men and women would fight during the service, and Baimakose was a young lion ess, and very pugilistic. At length Bhe was persuaded to drop the stick ; she became softened, was engaged to a native police man, and married, but it proved to be a most unhappy marriage. Her husband was taken away to a distant island for a crime he had committed. A child was born, and that little one opened' their way to the rescue of the children. Poor Biamakose was so filled with grief at the absence of her husband that she pined and died. Mr?. Bromilow at- - tended her funeral. The body was bouud in a chair, with her armlets and other decorations ; in front stood the witch of the village, with the motherless child. They put the body into the grave, and, to Mrs. Bromilow's horror, they were about to put the little one into the grave also. By crying and pleading and the help of God she was able to save that little child from horrible death. Then ' she taught them that the baby was dear to her and she won them by presents' to care for the little one for her. After a few days she found they were starving the child to death, because they said 'It is a boy and will grow up and go out from our village,' she said she would seek some woman from another village to care for the child ; this they would not allow. She then took the babe with her to1 the mission house. Mr. Bromilow appealed to the women, and one woman promised to help, but during the Sunday morning service Bhe was called away to find that the poor lone creature being nearly beaten to death. So she had to take care of the child herself. She held him whilst her husband baptized him in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. A letter from Mrs. Fletcher just received said that 'Little Gideon is well and happy.' Other children had been rescued from the grave, and were now ia the mission house, and they asked their prayers to ring out the darkness and ' ring in the Christ that is to be.' Then let their prayers rise like a foun tain to God for them by night and day (Great applause). The resolution was carried with acclamation. The New Giiiner natives — the first local preacher and an exhorter — then sang in Dobuan ' I have a Father.' The strange words were sung tn % familiar tune, and complete]]- took the meeting by storm. ^^ After pro^nged appiause, ?B-eJ?#?i Debakuau delivered an ad d*e.£%, which was interpreted by Mr. 'Sromilow. He said they used to think the white people were their enemieB, and would fight and kill them, but now they saw they were their friends. Why was it he could come away from his own land, and speak to them that night? Because they and he belonged to the Lord Jesus Christ. Their land had only bad the Christian religion Bix yeare. His uncle was once a very bad man, and used to try and fight all the people abouthim. At last he had very few friends, and a great number of enemies, but to-day, through the Gospel, he had many friends, and was making friends of those who used to be his enemies. His uncle used to go and catch people to bring them to cannibal feasts, and he (his nephew) went to those very places to preach the Gospel of Jesus. They saw him — only a small boy, and what right had he to talk to them ! But he bad repented of his sins. God had called him to be a student, and after that he hoped to go to be a teacher to his own countrymen. A comprehensive resolution express ing gratification at the continued success of the mission work, and a welcome to Mr. and Mrs. Bromilow and the other missionaries who have returned from New Guinea, was also enthusiastically carried, on the motion of Dr. Brown, seconded by Mr. W. Robson. The former stated that with all bis long experience in mission work he had never Been a grander or more glorious mission station than the one now at Dobu. Thanks to the officers and collectors of the Society were heartily carried on the motion of the Bev. W. Halse Rogers, seconded by the Rev. W. G. Taylor. THANK8 TO THE CHAtBMAN. The Ex-president moved, and Hon. E. Vickery seconded, a vote of thanks to Sir Frederick Darley for vhis great kindness and ability in presiding over the meeting. Carried with enthusiasm. In replying, Sir Fredrick Dar ley Baid he felt very proud at at having been asked to preside at that magnificent meeting. He had come to learn and he had learned a great deal at that meeting: how men and women can . devote themselves to the service of the Almighty by bringing other men and women into the only true fold of Christ. He bad learned what heroism there was among the missionaries — heroism scarcely equalled by the men who had 861 zed the heights of Dargai or per formed any other daring and dashing feat. He bad also learned what an amount of good waB done not only to the/ inhabitants of New Guiuea and'1 'New Britain, but what was done to them all by being associated with such a meeting as that. He heartily thanked them. With such a cordial testimony, and the hearty sing ing of the doxology, a glorious meeting was closed. The collection amounted to £46 17s 10d: 