Wang Wauk. [FROM OUR OOKBX8PON0INT.1 .... . . Sept. 26. touKMBE ueat and summer winds have taken posses sion once again, and 'where the seasons oome and go,' has an inviting appearance. The bush (the. plains and moors especially), is perfumed'with tne uoent; ni Om irilOmm ai.J ^..~»ti*mii.s-.rossiner them cannot resist the temptation sometimes of dis mounting from their horses and gathering a handful. The grass too (hasn't John Ruskin immortalized rrapa \\) us pusuiiiK up ii# uuuuuess spears once more, and as stock in this quarter is depending at present almost exclusively on grass for their nourishment, the green blades are a welcome sight. But the oat fields and wheat fields that the recent big flood did not destroy, give promise of something better for covetous cattle than mere ordinary grass. Farmers who lost their planted crops through the late flood, are busy replanting, and if the season holds good, it is to be hoped they will reap a good reward for all their labour. Much dissatisfaction is expressed amongst the farming community and others at the continued, delay in bringing another steamer to run the Forstcr trade, in place of die Express, removed to New Zealand. The trade is good enough, it is said, but the bar is abominable, and if it were not for'the sailing vessels, owned locally, we would be 'bushed' indeed. Then there are other wants that the halt, the lame, ana) £hc blind aro bewailing, becauso a prophet is not honoured in his own country, and when they had one to their own mind, they folded their hands at home and said, ' Thank theXord, he's a good man ; and he's working hard in the parish, and if we don't go to church it doesn't matter, because he is sure to pray for us,' or something like that. And if one or two from an occasional family straggled along p' Sundays to represent the rest, the rest were alright. Spiritual matters don't trouble some people until they get a good fright near what might have boen the verge of the Great Divide — then their hearts beat, and their eyes bulge, and they pray hard— that is, if they aren't too frightened for the safety of their bodies to remember to rjrav for the rrJca of their souls. And something of this kind has been happening lately to persons passing through some deserted local paddocks after dark, Fqr {hey s&y; there wanders here the ghost of a woman lira night-gown, with a letter in her hands. Strange how the flesh shrinks from the spirit, isn't it f I would almost like to see that letter, for it might be the key to a cypher from Wonderland, Shadowland. I remember long ago, a Lattycoram kind of woman, who used to wander in like manner, only she was a real, palpable, lively thing, aiiS people used to think that her husband was murdering her. All ! me. And no doubt they used to roll the blankets more snugly round their heads, and go to sloop and dream that it -was true. Now a trifle about dairying. Tho creameries at Bullock Wharf and Cfl.ov.erly are again, ?woddag fall time, and you should hear the Oloyerly dairymen '? blowing' about Mr. Bosali. It's iny belief that they go there as muoh as anything to see him, and have a chat. Talk about the girls! Some of the other VOSBk who promised to be supporters ought to try it. 