A NEIGHBOURLY FEUD. FELL you, Frank, its got to tbe point \- where some thing must be done.' . «aid'- Mrs. Burnett; and as' ' she' spoke she rap ped at tbe small Itiiucliles that WBre moving to wards the sugar bo»?l. . , . ; . Morton, aged Dine, jerfted his hand out of the iray and laughed at his mother, who pursed up her' lips to conceal a smile. ?? Don't da tbat, Morton,' said Mr. Buraett Then, turning to bis wife ha asked : 'What have they been rioing now ?' ' That boy and some more of bis friends put tin caus along the Cop of the. fence, and then threw stonea at them to knock them oft. About every stone went over tbe top of tbe fence, and went sailing across our' buck yard. If one of them had struck anybody be wouldn't hare known what hurt bim.' \ ' What did you Jo f '.??,'-. .-.- ? -- ' 'What did 1 do ? I went otitr-soil told them if they didn't stop I'd BeniVfor a polici. a'tii, I said to that Deakin bD; ' It's a shame 'ybur mother can't teach you to be a little better than a savage.' ' ' Maybe she didn't kuow they were doing .itrT'- ' ..;'-.. '. 'tdo belipw 'she pots' '«m up to it. ''That; Tibys esough to trytue patience of »-*aint.' - t ' Next time .he comes i pto our yard I'll bet I throw something «t bim/'put in Dlortoa,*whqse chin was dripping with a mild mixture of milk and coffee. ... . . ' ' Vou leave him alone,' s»£d the male parent. ' You get into endURh figh'ts&lceiiclyi;' '? Well, Frank, those boys are for ever pick ing ou him,' said Mrs. Burnett., '.- ? ** Boys are a guod deal alike,'' responded her husband. ' 1*11 bet when.be gets ont he's the srnuc us the rest' of them.' . , . Morton grinned aud mid Dotting. The only member of tbe Burnett family who. had not joiued in the arraignment of tbe neigh-, bours was Alice, sis jeire of age. She knew ? all about tbe feud, and shared in tbe suspicions, of her mother, bnt at present she was too busy with her supper. ' ... The Deakins lived aext door, and although there was a dividing fence it.hsd not kept the two families apart. . In the year during which the two households had dwelt side bv side there bad been a growing: enmity. Yet Mrs. Burnett bad never spoken a' word to Mrs. Deakin, and her husband knew BotLing of Mr. Deakin except tbat be worked with bis bauds for a livinc and spent a great many oi his evenings at home. It would have been rather difficult for cither the Burnetts or the Deakins to erplain bow tbe feud started, but it was operated from tun first through the children. There were two Deakin children, Lawrence or Larry, saed ten, and little Willie, who at tho tender age of Ibree bad lesrnt.to regard the!3uruett tribe with scorn and hatred, ami suffer, to some degiee, under tbe indignities heaped upon bis family by that arch fiend of juvenility, Morton Burnett. For when tbe Deakias sat round tbe supper table and cist up tbe accounts of tbe day' it was Larry who posed as tbe persecuted and abused child, while Moiton Burnett waspic tured as an iofsut of dark intents, beading straight for the Bridewell. ' If I was a man, Tom Deftkis,' said his wife, ' I'll warrant you I'd go over to that house rnd give notice tbat things are simply goingtoofar. To-day thai boy. gat up on the fence and called Lawrence all kinds of names.' 11 He said tbat his mother suit] that ma didn't have clothes fit to wear,' suggested Law ,reQC«, who hud begun to breathe hard during toe recital of his grievances. ? .-.. :-~. '* Any way, I don't try to make myself look ike a peacock every time I go to church,' said Mrs. Deakin. . This comparison of Mrs. Burnett to » pea cock tickled tbe children, and the; laughed immoderately. Tom Denkin restrained them with a quiet ' Tut, tut,*' and said tbat tbe proper way to get along was to pay no atten tion to the neighbours. 11 I'd like to know how you can help it,' Slid hin wife. ' Tbat boy is up to Bome mischief every hour of the day, and his mother Reems to encourage bim in everything he does. He throws things over into our yard, teases Willie, and makes fares at him.' ' Next time I see bill pick oa Willie, I'll give him another licking,' observed Larry, ' Sou'll do nothing of the kind,' exclaimed bis mother. ' Don't you remember the talk ing to I gave you the other time you bad tbat fight with him ?' Lawrence remembered tbe mild rebuke, and hin inward resolution was not changed. Tom Deakiu went for bis pipe, oppressed with the thDiigbt tbat he had beea very unlucky in his selection of neighbours. These complaints bad come iu to him day after day from tbe down-trodden members of bis family. Tbe feud had grows from a thousand aggra vating circumstances. Suppose Morton Burnett to be on tbe fence. His mother would open tbe back door and say, loudly enough to make herself beard through the open windows of the Deakiu house : ' Morty.get down from that fence ! Haven't I told you about that ?' Mrs. Deakin would hear and understand. She would then wait her opportunity to appear and retaliate. In summer time, when both women were out of doors much of the time, they occasionally exchanged glances which were more RigniScant than anything they could bate said. ' When Mrs. Burnett put out her washing she knew tbat Mrs. Deakin nas watching her and counting the number of table-cloths and .pillow, slips. , When Mrs. Burnett came to tbe back door and called out : ' Come, Alice, dear, and practise your music lessoa,' it was equivalent to saying to Mrs. Deakin: ?' Ana, we h'avVa cattage organ is our house, but you haven't any in yours.' Mrs. Dtakin had frequently informed Tom that the Burnett' organ was a cheap, second hand thing. '? '. One day, when Mrs. Deakin came home from, a funeral in a covered carriage, there was cou gternatioa its the Burnet family, and accounts were net 1 Billy balanced until a new c*«tof paint was puc on tne ournebi onusc ThoDeakiu children told the Burnett chil dren all that tbeir mother bad 'said, about the probable character of Mrs. Burnett. Likewise the Burnett children repeated to the Deakin children all tbat they heard at the. supper table. Mrs. Buraett knew tbat she was being reported to Mrs. Dealcio, and Mr». Deakin felt it to be her duty to learn what the viperish thing had been saying. Frank Burnett and' Tom Deakin became conviuced that the other's family was probably most to blame. Ana thus matters stood, when Alice Burnett started £0 run across tho street nne day in front of » waggon. She fell, scrambled to her feet again, and tbe horse's knee struck her in the back/ She fell oo the pavement sod lay qniet. Mrs Deakin saw it all from her front win dow. She ran into the street and gathered the muddy child » her arms. The frightened driver bad left his waggon, and he followed her timidly to tbe front door of tbe Burnett house. Mrs. Burnett screamed and tbea wegaa to cry. ' ' ' Bun for a doetor, yoo loony,' said Mrs. Dcakjn to the driver,' as she p!«ood the limp liUln_t)odj on a bed, and then ran for cold water and- dotUB. ?? '; ' . ? -' Y . ? : ' Whim tlio cbild opened '.her eyes she fornul ' .her mother ou one. side. Mrs. J)cakio OB the other, while a reassuring physicisa moiled at h'ec'btrer the footboard. .. ~' She's a little jolted up, and bomped hrr he-d when she fell, but it was mostly shock,' he -said [to the women. ' -' - ? ??* Iwiuij! gasped Mrs. DeaHn, .'iwi I.- t, saw thst-6hil-''fall'uiy heart jnst went into my - throit. ^Don't cry. Alice, yojJ»iB-'fcm.*ili Wirt. ' - The doctor says I can put soaj.e more poultice ou your bad old bump. * -?. [.J,' :?. ? r. . .?_? I'll gbt it.' said M»s. BBrnjstt: -' , ; '.?_.;'. ' 'No, you sit 'sWI.''}^',.'Rr^Wpkle'^pi;r ; ghost/.- ' ..«?? ?:;.'?.. ''?'-?:' J -:?£;;?*-.;:-? ? That Vb»»r it happened that Buroett, Tom; ? ' ing bome flora 'the wotjts by. tbe l-*ck 'way, ' found iu his kitchen the .hated vixen, tbe trainer bf criminals, the womaa' without character— Mr*. Deakio. .' .. .;? She.told biin wunit h'aii happened, andh' uged him not .to frighten liis wife, as tnVro vraBn' aiiyjeiil danger. ' .. ' . . Me. De«ltin *wjt'«iikewise:flurprisedt-BTeiieh- ipuhojne. iSnf^jw was uutrftsoy.miid his wife ... ' bad pone over ;'to the oic-my. ] lie , went after '' . ; ?-' her and was tjiken in. ' ' ??? ? ?; ... 'v-.V ';. .' . Mrs.' O«alrfn 4a-ld 'hinmbeTionldii tiomo ?'-' T home 'because 'tffs. Burnett was all upset, and' '' ? someoue/gqiiW^bave to take care .;of4vrthe . child. 'S6feSr/:-ifcaS8n asd .-his_' two bovs ate a Bold ? ? ... luJ^i^j^rBurrici&i;^^tshojri ;V'.-.,-U', :: £ i Mr: Buraett 'sent Murton out?ter:jgetJtwo ???' ' cigars, * and while tbe wemen sabbf^the bed in tVs 'trout'riqiti/lhe; men -Bt in tlioiaok room ?:,. ?-??. ?.. arid smoked, ji»'bil«.tbe three'lio'y*, 'awed by tbe ' ' ' ' TevolutH-a- Jfent very quiet. - ,-rj. V Tf Mortori fer Botltier»1io», Mr^Deaki^ saVdMr. Buruett, 'you justietrinetoiow^iiid^-1' I will attend to jlim.' ' ..-...---? J. '' 1- was 'just' going to say to you that Carry's apt to be too gay now and then,' sad it I ever iieu of, lifin pfckiug 011 your cbildrtu I'll mnke him reniemberjt.' ? ;, . _ . In tbe troA room Mrs. Burnett waijthanking MM. Deakin,' wbo was lipping tbst bekibildmn had never bnUierert Mrs. Burnett rety much. .Tite little girl -went to sleep, «nd the Deakio*. '. ?went'-home. '?-, 7 That wbb '-thfl end of the feud. In. eaou. hounenold thore wap a general orderj&atiu; ' ?? . case of a neighbourhood riot pugisbnient uhculd be visited upon those nearest at hand. ' Thoc« - - :twq 'houses, . tide hy 'sii1e,.bteivms tuu peace' centre of Use town.' The Deakiu children wire ;at jibe Ay to go over and thump. *n the Bur- . nett cott«ge organ. But wbu cwlrd the feud — the men, women, or tbe sit year-old \f . ' 