PARLIAMENT. WEDNESDAY, MAY 4. (By Telegraph.) \------------- (From Our Own Reporters.) LEGISLATVE COUNCIL. The PRESIDENT took the chair at 4 p.m. NEW MEMBER. The member for North Eek (Hon. H. I. Rooke) was sworn, and took his seat. PAPERS TABLED. The CHIEF SECRETARY tabled a number of papers. ADDRESS IN REPLY. Dr. BUTLER brought up the follow- ing address in reply to the Governor's speech:—"May it please your Excel- lency, we, Her Majesty's dutiful and loyal subjects, members of Legisla- tive Council assembled, desire to thank your Excellency for the speech with which you have opened this third session of the 12th Parliament of Tas- mania, and to renew through your Ex- cellency the expression of our devoted attachment to the throne and person of Her Most Gracious Majesty. We welcome with your Excellency the continuance of the industrial progress of the colony, and general prosperity manifested in our affairs, and we join in the sympathetic reference which you make to national calamities which have visited us, first in the death of the late Chief Justice, and, secondly, the bush fire, which have brought so much suffering and distress to various parts of the colony. We also deshi a to assure your Excellency that men- uares which may be brought before us will receive our most careful delibera- tions." Dr. BUTLER, in moving the address- in-reply, referred to the loss sustained in the death of the Chief Justice, also to the calamity of bush fires. There was however, one bright spot even in this dark place, viz., it ehow?,ed the good qualities of people in their willing ness to assist their fellows. He drew attention to the cheering fact of the colony's buoyant, finances. As to the Electoral Act proposed to be intro- duced, he held that the colony should he .under' bhe system. If the cities were to be afflicted with the Hare sys- tem, the country should also have the same; however, he trusted they would not rever?t to that systeim. Hee pre- sumed the Assessment Bill would be an old friend under a new name, and he hoped that there would be a sufficiently large, poll on June 3, whether those voting be for or against Federation. Mr. ROOKE, seconded the address. There was no party politics in this matter. He recognised that the dele- gates sent to the Convention had done good work, but some of the great men ofr: the Convention had gone out of their way to .blittle Tasmania, yet Tasmania was it poten factor in the whole ef Austlralasia, and they must be dealt with. He would vote for Federation to-morrow, bu.t the ques- tion` was could they pay for it? When he saw men like Mr. Coghlan, who kept to his figures, he 'had grave doubts, and it beho?ed all m:n to con- sider before going in what it would cost. " He would vote for It, as they must make some. sacrifices, but he would not agree to it if there was any chance of it ipnpoverishing Tasmania. He asked why the, financial committee was now sitting in Tasmania, and held that the date of voting should be simultaneous. It would be manifestly absurd for Tasmania, to vote for Fede- ratbon if New South Wales voted against it. but,.if the litter voted in favour, then Tasmania should also. He said they could have federation in defences without federation on all other matters. If they joined the federation, the income tax: must come on again. (Mr. Piesse, "No, no.") ,Per- sonally, lihe had not, made up his mind on the matter, it, depended largely on the result of the committee now sit- ting. He was pleased to know that the finances were in a good position, but what about the future? Mine after mine on the' West Coast was be- ing shut down. and there was every evidence that the West Coast was not such a good thing as some people thought. There were lbnd times com- ing, and .?t. £30,000 rurplr,: would ." ot be rels's 1 at t1he end of the year. He presumed the proposed Elcctoral Bill meant thle Hare system, if so, he wounld vote against it, as it was not a fair and equitable .sRstem. There was the .Assessment Bill, was that un- improved land tax? TTe did not think the people would stand an alteration of nssessfment just now. The Govern- ment had done good work on Federa- tion, and the Government machinery had been going on as if Ministers had been present. He denominated the Governor's speech as only a ghost of one, and he asked where were the measures foreshadowed? The Govern- ment, after nailing its colours to the mast, and produced this rag of a thing (referring to the speech). Mr. GRANT said the question of Federation could very well be con- sidered without reference to defence. The Constitution Bill was the most democratic ever presented, notwith- standing it was one which could be re- ceived. He regretted that the speech did not refer to the measures which were dropped last session, and which were to be resumed this, so that they could consider them. The CHIEF SECRETARY, speaking of Federation, said that out of 50 dele- gates to the Convention, not 10 per cent; were opposed to union. He was surprised that the speakers preceding him had stated that Tasmania would be worse off in the matter of defences un- der Federation. Tasmaniau would be better from a defence point of view. Mr. COLLINS—Tasmania has no de- fence. The CHIFF SECRE1TARY, continu- ing, said some writers said that various colonies would be such large losers, but they would not lose. The Treasurers might be losers, but the people, would have the advantage in many ways. Looking at the question from all aspects, they would do well to accept Federation. Mc McCALL supported the address in-reply, and said there was very little in it, therefore, there was very little to say, and he would content himself with merely supporting it. Mr. COLLINS said one hope of Federation to him was that they would get away from the snare and delusion in the form of the pre- sent apology for defence. The Governmeint of this colony should not be continued in the parsi- monious, mean, cheese-paring, and paltry way it had been in the matter of defence; where the officers had to put their hands in their pockets to keep it going. Had it not been for the enthusiasm of the officers, the defence force would have been starved out. It. was time that there should be some- one out-spoken in the matter, and let the colony know all about the posi- tion of affairs. Ike would only refer to the death of the Chief Justice by saying he trusted the bench would be reconstructed, so that it would have the respect and support of the public, and that administration of justice would be up to the standard of the past. He spoke in favour of the Commonwealth Bill, but he could not advocate Federation until he was satis- fied upon the financial question. The Premier's statement that Tasmania would only lose £2000 under Federa- tion was misleading. If he had done no other good, he had extracted from the members of the Convention that it was useless to discuss the financial aspect, because it was waste of time, they had to go in blind; he was not prepared to go in blind. He was in favour of the postponement of the date, so as to see the result of the vote in the other colonies. They were on the horns of a dilemma: they must either accept this bill and risk the financial aspect, or else stand out altogether. He hoped the Electoral Act would be one acceptable to the people of the colony. He was still against the Hare system and was in favour of single electorates. With reference to the reassessment of pro- perty, he would be glad if the Govern- ment would let them alone under a system which they understood. The address was agreed to. LEAVE OF ABSENCE. Fourteen days' leave of absence was granted the Hon. C. E. Davies, and 10 days' leave to the Hon. F. W. Grubb. SESSIONAL ORDERS. The CHIEF SECRETARY moved the usual sessional orders, which were agreed to. agreed to. NEW BILLS. The following hills were fixed to be read a second time this day week:— Hobart Corporation, Purchasers of Crown Lands Reinstatement, Launces- ton Improvement Association Rights Acquirement, Statistical Grain Re- turns, and Launceston Corporation. ADJOURNMENT. The House adjourned at 6.15 p.m. till 4 p.m. to-morrow. 