TERRIBLE,BURNINQG ACCIDENT. A SYDNEY MAN FALLS ONAA HOT STEAM-PIPE IN A BATH. HIS FLESH ADHERED TO THE PIPE LIKE A STEAK T1O A FRYINGPAN. AN AWFUL SIGHT. While in a bath in Pitt-street, a Mr. Jar. vis had the misfortuneto slip and fall'on'the hot water pipes, and before he could be rescued he was scalded and burnt in a ter rible way. The shock of the burning and the fall proved to be very disastrous for Mr. Jarvis, and for a number.of years after be was a confirmed invalid, suffering terribly from locomotor ataxia and other forms of paralysis. A few months ageo, however, reports began to be circulated in the neigh bourhood that Mr. Jarvis was getting round again, and that he had had a most marvel. lous recovery from this apparently incurable malady. It was on account of these rumors that a special reporter from the Sydney "Worker" was despatched to get all infor mation regarding same, and one afternoon he made his way toas is house, 45 Crown lane, lltimo. Mr. Thomas Jarvis Weas dis covered nursing a two-year-old baby, and his face declared him one of the happiest men in Sydney. ' He was up and about, and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still a few marks of a cri tical illness, and a period of pain, itwas very clear that he was an invalid no more. In reply to the preliminary questions, he said:--" You want ,to know all about my case Well, I am glad of an opportnity to tell you. The facts may be of alnue to thois who are etriken as w as." ·o (sHow long weres pyou noferin I m "oWell, twelve months ago Igaot aso bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago neat Christmas I met with an- accident I was badly scalded in a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after fonryears of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." " What were the symptoms i" "Simply indescribable. The pains weren something terrible. - They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones i n twin every par of me. I hadno control over my howels-or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On thle 23rd March last I saw a well known doctor, and he told me that my ease was utterly hope less. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions." "Did you make use of the order ?" "No; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and oely a question of days when ewould give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under himfor fiveore si weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal chord, charne terised by peculiar disturbances of gait. and difficulty in co- ordinating voluntary move ments. IHe told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Jlst then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible). Well, jsst as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by advertise ment describing the euro effected in another hoiler- maker in England, which I read in the " Australian Workman," by Dr. Wil liams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing aer the matter with me.- It was the first ppotito nd rest b hadfor amny l i day. ilt wasr inerodible?.'m. TImmdinaloy-Cl??toe edy andmblegan to move about. You see those crutches there? They are perfectly ew, and I have never used them. ' They were made for me before I got Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, but I was too weak to usa them, and now I don't want to." "He is 100 per cent, better;' said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. "The Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People have saved his life, and made another man of him." A friend who was called in at this point, said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previous. "I can now," continued Jarvis, "have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back into my lees. I ascribe all the change and benefit to Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I amin nopain now, whatever, and feel like a new nan. On the mantlepicce there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they ran stay where they are, for I no losger need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at Ihe change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. M?y being about again has caused quite a sensation oaut here." Such is this remarkable history, and it confirms what is said in all the chief news papers of this country of the astonishing cures wrouht by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They care locomoter ati y, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an im poverished state of theblood, such as aecmia, ale and sallow eomplexins, general mae celar weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite shortness of breath, pins in the back, nervoas headache, etc. Mr. J. S T. M'leowen, leaderof the Labor Party in the N.S.W. Legislative Assembly, was seen by our reporter in connection with the remarkable ease of Thomas Jarvis. Mr. st'Gowen said he has known Jdrvis from infancy. He also knew that he had to give up his work at Glebe Island Abattoirs 12 months ago owing to a malady which he developed. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was hed-ridden, and that there was little chance of his recovely. He understood Jarvis was refnsed admission to the Sydney Hospital, as his case had been proneunned incurable. Mr. M'Gowen was, therefore. like everyone elsea who knew the facts, astounnded at the complete recovrery nof Jarvis . : Thes eW dsdrfulnpills'are'obtaiaible C from leading chemists, or from Dr.- Williams' Medicine Co., Flinders-atreet, Melbourne, who will forward, post-paid, on receipt of stamps or post order, one box for 2s. 9d.. or half a dozen for 15s. 3d. See that the genuine Dr. Williams' are gotten. . The prevailing topic is the heat, and as we speak in this coluals on prersi%, eing topics, we should naturally be ex pected to' make one or two remarks thereupon. Mut ans or paper is nob printed on asbestos, tnd as our re marks on thte weather would be oven hotter than the weatlier itself, eve are going to xcuse o'stelvesa thm de claiming in :langaago te which the bash-fires wouald, in comparison, chiat pare favorably with 'K?londyko it self! •Hera isnanother interesting Kilondihe item :-One saloon in Dawason Oty haio a bhll ewung onutide the door for the conveeience 6! those liberal individuals. who may want io "liquor up the whole tows." Any person so disposed has but to pull the rope, and the whole populatios readily reaponds adn say they-don't mind it they do. - kidneyn blddder, lnsdhe. By n T u_-- ugeva.t. 