A Poet-Journalist By SILAS SNELL. Perhaps it would have been better to have said a journalist-poet. The poet to live in Australia must be also a journalist, if he is not a professor, or a Civil Servant, or a dealer in butter or old clothes, who cultivates the acquaintance of the muses in his leisure moments, merely for company, so to speak. The appearance of Victor J. Daley's book of poems, "At Dawn and Dusk" —in my opinion, and that of my literary betters, the finest volume of Australian- made poems yet produced—excites general interest in the personality of the author, who is well known to Australian readers by his own name and the several pen-names over which he has written miles of verse grave and gay, many short stories, and a wealth of the light, bright matter for which the Bulletin was remarkable in the days when its lever was not quite as large as it is now, when it had fewer responsibilities, and when, almost unknown to itself, it was bringing up by hand a small regiment of writers destined to make a very decided impression upon Australian literature. Daley is an Irishman by birth, an Australian by custom and instinct. He was born near Armagh in 1858, a district peopled with all sorts of brownies by the wonderful old Celtic folk-lore, and the influence of these, gathered in child life, has remained with him to his 39th year,, and has quaintly tinctured much of his work. Daley was educated at Plymouth, in England, and whilst still a youth migrated to Australia, and presently found himself clerking in Adelaide and gradually yielding to the promptings of a literary instinct that was not to be denied. Eventually we see him, comparatively a new chum, figuring on the staff of the Bulletin, then very young and very frisky, and gathering together the merriest, most alert and most expert pens of Australia. Presently Daley's pen was discovered to be one of the most free and flashing implements in the bundle, and it helped manfully to write the paper up into the position it now occupies amongst the few best weeklies in the world The literary life of Victor JDaley is so intimately associated with that of The Bulletin that the latter must necessarily figure conspicuously in an article of this kind. Our subject has written much for many other papers, chiefly volatile matter dealing lightly and brightly in rhyme and prose with the questions of the hour, but it is by the print of his genius as displayed in Editor Archibald's pages that Australia knows him best. With Daley as a humorist I wish to deal more particularly here. Indeed it is the complaints of a few near-sighted and unimaginative critics about the absence of humor in "At Dawn and Dusk" that prompts me to write at all. I find a plentitude of humor in the volume, and do not complain even if it provokes tears instead of laughter. There is a subtle leaven of humor throughout the book, but it is distributed by a craftsman, it is a cause not an effect, and I pity the poor creature who, after reading "Lethi," "The Cruise of the In Memoriam," "Cares," " At the Opera," and "The Dream of Margaret," lays the book aside, whining because he has not been belaboured with the pantomime club. But the poet is an extravagant humorist when the spirit moves him. Witness the uproarious ballads that have appeared in various Australian papers during the last 15 or 16 years. A volume of these would not discredit the author of "At Dawn and Dusk," and would, I am convinced, sell like the proverbial hot cakes if Victor J. should eventually decide to appear so prominently in his cap and bells. " The Ghost," in the Bulletin's "Golden Shanty," is an excellent specimen of Daley's humorous verse, as " Between Two Bottles," contained in the same publication, is of his spicy and biting lighter prose vein. This latter piece is a popular recitation, and has been annexed by more than one professional variety performer with an intelli- gent eye for "a real good thing." And which of us who read the " Coffin Club" in a way back Christmas Bulletin has forgotten its exuberant comedy ? The "Fairy Flannigan," finely illustrated by Phil May, is another purely comic effort that has survived in many minds for over 11 years; and "Bryan Ryan's Ride" should be disinterred from the waste pages of a farback Bowser's supplement, and served up again to a new generation of Australian readers. Scores of later things in the same vein will suggest themselves to all men who have taken any particular interest in the products of Australian journalism. Daley is a versatile journalist, and there is no class of newspaper work to which he has not turned his hand at some time or another. In those early days of the Bulletin, as a conspicuous figure in a bright Bohemian band, he helped to rattle the dry bones of Antipodean journalism, and the verve then infused into the ephemeral work of the weekly was reflected in a much lesser degree all over the country, and its influence still remains a valuable factor in moulding the style of the best of our press workers. Those were the days of early manhood, and there was a gay circle of young men journalists and artists in Sydney, engaged lightheartedly in the onerous work of making a name for themselves and sowing the usual wild oats. This careless life answered more nearly to the Bohemianism of Paris than any since produced in an Australian city, and it had as its high priest that brilliant persifleur Harold Grey, "The Pilgrim," another man whose influence on the Bulletin's youth was very great, and one for whose talent Daley had and still has the warmest admiration. During these years Victor was all over the columns of the pink weekly as paragraphist, poet, dramatic critic, and purveyor of sparkling prose sketches innumerable. He subsequently extended his Australian experiences, and even drifted into the position of editor of one of those back-blocks papers which are published for no discoverable reason on earth beyond circulating in the rural districts the pathetic plea addressed by metropolitan doctors to bucolic youth, inviting the said youth to look into its heart, and then forward £1 to above address. Daley has written columns of banter about bush editors and bush papers, all traceable to his own experience as editor, manager, and haulage power in the office of a bush bi-weekly. About twelve years ago V. J. D. arrived in Melb., where he still lives, and during these years he has produced the greater part of his serious verse, and has scattered lighter matter through the columns of many journals, not excepting THE CRITIC ; but he maintains his place as a Bulletin man, and turns out much stuff vers de societe, stories, paragraphs, &c.;, &c.;—that is covered by the editorial "we," whilst retaining the vigor as a poet and the light touch as a humorist that have made his pen-names and the name of Victor J. Daley ever welcome in the columns of the Australian Press. "At Dawn and Dusk " will be dealt with in another place, I presume. This book, I think, represents Australian literature at its best, and will be given the place of honour in every library of Australian authors. That it is destined to live, and be a source of pleasure to Australian unborn is the verdict of all the critics yet heard from, whose opinions are respected here. The above photograph of Daley is an excellent likeness of the poet. Daley has long abandoned bohemianism for domesticity, but he remains a boon companion and an entertaining talker, with a characteristic use of thin hands, and a trick of trapping his joke 'tween tongue and palate so that its delivery comes with the eclat and sparkle of good champagne. MELB. Jewish Herald furnishes a peculiar anomaly. Not a single Jewish house uses it as an advt. medium, and it is solely ad.-supported by small suburban shopkeepers. "How is the oracle worked to get the other fellow to pay for the printing of the Chosen sermons?" asks a CRITIC reader. A LOVELY little scandal is being whispered in Broken Hill. The old, old story of one woman and two men. No. 1 man is said to have caught No. 2 in the flagrante delecto. The Divorce Court may be the sequel. {^J^Photo. bu Fait, Melbourne. VICTOR DALEY. 