[?] MTSTESXOF MMDI-G&A;& ? ? ? ? i . ? i. -r ? — * ? ?-:. ????? '?? '~ A DETECTIVE STQRT, by E&WRENCEJ; I*. LYNCJiEl \E. Murdoch vi&^ateventer^*' author of 'Shadowed bjr Turee^.' 'Moina,*7' ? ? eitc.j ? .:?. ? .? - . ' ''?' '?''.? '??_ ?-?v!' CHAPTER XXVL— {Continued^. In one of the intervals of darkness -_Stanliope had softly, ejosed his shutters; aifd from be hind them, through the half -turned slats, he watched the movements of the man be low. He could see that with every flash of light the head was lifted, the face turned toward Bertha's closed and shuttered windows; but that face was shaded, almost concealed, t-y the dark felt hat that was drawn down over it. Occasionally the arms moved with strange, nervous gestures, and he could even see the convulsive workings of the lifted hands, while the feet kept up- an Incessant promenade to and fro beneath the sheltering trees. When the half-hour had nearly expired, and the thunder began to muffle itself and sound from afar, a noise from below stairs caused the detective to start up with a new thought. He^ opened his door softly, went out into, the dark hall, and leaned over the stair-rail. Yes, there was a light below. Susan was stirring. Perhaps the storm had awakened the master of the house, or, if not asleep, made him more, restless. \- With & swift, noiseless step, sure -and easy from : 'frequent practice, he descended the stairs, and approached the dining-room door, which stood open. 'Susan!' , It was the merest whisper, but her ear was quick. She heard, and came on tiptoe to the door. ? ' He placed his finger upoa his lip, and sig nalled for her to follow. At the foot of the stairs he turned, and, as sbe approached, placed a hand upon her sleeve. 'C-s«ne upstairs,' he whispered; 'no light. There is a man out on the lawn; you can see him from my windows. I don't think- much of his actions. Gome up and see if you know him.' He placed a hand upon the railing, and hurried up the stairs; and Susan, in the same manner, and with just as light a foot, followed him. She hesitated for a moment at the door, and then, guided by a flash of light, crossed the room, and stood behind him at the win dow, her face close to the blinds. The storm was almost over; the shower was now a soft sprinkle; the lightning played at longer intervals, and in less blind ing flashes. They waited some moments for another il lumination, and when it came both saw him distinctly. He stood facing the window of Bertha Warham's boudoir, his face -and his arms upraised .When the next flash came he lay prone upon the earth, face down ward. Susan caught her breath, and drew back from the window. 'It's Joe Larsen,' she said, 'we must go down.' And then, as they softly went down the stairs, she whispered: 'Do you think he's struck?' : 'I think not, Susan. But, look here, if that is Joe Larsen, we must get nim in and keep him here until I can make his acquain tance. You must manage your part. Can you? You know what to say about me.' 'I'll do my best,' said Susan, grimly; the. while she was softly unlocking the front, door. CHAPTER XXVIL -, Su^an Harkins was a woman of nerve, and*- leaving Stanhope to follow around the house and across the wet lawn-,^3 best he could, she made her way straight to the dark figure upon the ground, and bent over it . s. !..-. 'Joe! Joe Larsen!' He started slightly, half -lifted, his head, and then let it fall again. The movement was full of a dogged desperation; and Stan hope, who was near enough to see. it by the help_.of a feeble flash of lightning, started slightly, and then pressed forward, feeling, without knowing why, a growing excite-', ment within him. But Susan put out a handr and gave him a warning touch. 'Go into the house,' she said in a tone of natural authority, 'and fetch out a lantern. There's one on the kitchen table.' Perhaps Susan had anticipated the effect of these words.. Again the prostrate head was lifted; and at the same moment, in. obe dience to another and more forcible touch, -Stanhope moved towards the house, wxmder lng a little at 'himself. ' Joe Larsen lifted himself upon his elbows, snd then to, a sitting posture. .v^v^;;^..^ 'Get up, can't you?' said Susan, laying hold of his coat-sleeve. 'My, how -wet! What on earth is the matter, Joe? ' Was ye struck?' He shuddered, and got upon his feet, slow ly, and with apparent effort. 'Yes,' he said hoarsely. 'I — I guess I must have been— stunned.' Her hand, firm, and with a strong detain ing grasp, was still upon his arm, ? and she knew that he was trembling throughout his entire, frame. 'Come into the house,' she said in a mild er-tone; 'You'll be the death of yourself yet, Joe Larsen! But I'm glad you've come. He ain't so well, and I guess he kind of. wants to see you.' 'Who— old Warham?' '- ' 'Yes; why don't you come along? You act. as if you'd done something you was asham ed of. Do you want me to catch my death too, out here?' She felt him start, and seem to gather bim Eelf together, 'as they moved toward the house. At that moment a gleam of light ap peared at the corner. 'You can go back with that* lantern,' call ed Susan, fretfully. 'There ain't no need of our all bein' drowned; we're comin' in.' Stanhope went back to the kitchen, a grin of delight upon his face. He. was begin ning to appreciate Susan. ?-?'??'?-? ? When they came into the kitchen, sphere the stove, that had cooked thelr_la^e-Sunday dinner, was^still sending out a little, visarmth, Stanhope raised the lantern- aloft, and com ing forward, let its light fall full upon Liar sen's face, and the same, light shining through the opposite side of the lantern, enabled Susan to see his own. What, Stanhope saw was a haggard coun tenance, with lips drawn and colorless, and hollow, burning, woful, wolfish eyes. What Slisaif and Larsen saw was a very sleepy-looking young man, standing awk wardly and seeming abstracted .and. irre Bolute. ? .?????.,.'. It was Larsen who spoke first, startled at Bight of a strange face, where he had looked . to see only John WarhaWs ?iihirea man,' i gnd his voice was. hollow gnd iinsSeady_. . -What— who the devil '?VsLM-v-you?' ' Take! that ghMg.put of my; ejjre^i'-r -f - \\. :;: ?.-?- Ai moment Stanhope -stared with seeming stupidity, then his^half -closed eyes wandered M-Susaa's face,: and the arm that held the lantern-dropped to his side. \- 'I^-excuse me,': he- drawled,; and voice and ' accent were so changed that Susan was startled .and could hardly believe her. ears. '£fj /didn't think what I was doing; I 'was a— preoccupied. I think the old gentleman has been calling, madam.' Susan crossed the room and turned up tho wick of theT lamp -buming^imlyi ifpou the kitchen dresser, and-then caught a big time worn Boston rocker -liy the back and propell ed it forcibly toward the stove; turning as she placed it beside tlie hearth, so that, for a moment, she gave Stanhope ihe full benefit of her glance. ; 'I guess you'd better go and see to him,' she said tartly; 'he seems to think you're about right. I've got to look after this drowned rat first thing I do.' Stanhope put down the' lantern hastily* making two or three awkward and unneces sary movements in doing so^ after the man ner of a well- disposed but undecided per son who finds himself in an unexpected posi tion.^' 'Certainly,' he stammered, 'with pleasure —I mean, of course, anything that I can do, you know,' and he backed himself into the doorway, and so rna'de an awkward exit 'Sit dawn there,' said Susan, briskly, let ting go of the' chair, and making an attack upon the stove. 'I'll have a good fire in a minute, and get you some dry clothes.' Larsen sank into the chair, butkept his eye? turned toward the door, while; hfe;asl:ed;:; i|. 'Who's that— fellow?' Susan gavethefireaparting poke, and went to the dresser and took down the lamp, flash iag its light across his face as she carried it to the kitchen table and set it down. 'My,' she said, 'how ghastly you do look — as if you'd seen a ghost, or had a turn. Well, lightning never strikes twice in the same place, they say, so 'tain't noways like ly you'll ever be killed by lightning now.' And then she added mentally, as a sop to her inner consciousness, 'More than likely you'll live to be hung, though!' Then again aloud: 'Who's that fellow? Why, he's a sort of a half-breed, I guess; lives over at Coopertown, or somewhere about there — I most forget the place. He's heard about Bertha, and he's got a hankerin' to' play de^ tective; says he's a law student, but thinks he's got a kind of talent for detective work. It's my opinion if he can't git around, any livelier'ri he did when he lit this lantern,' he won't hurt nobody with his talent.' She was talking to gain time, for 'she felt s.ure that Stanhope wished her to' remain with Larsen until he' could ^relieve her, and She now began to fumble with the lantern. 'Drat the fellow!' she muttered; 'what- ever1 has he done to it?' Then, seeming to succeed at last, she opened it, and blew out the light, turning, as she shut down the globe with a snap, and looking toward the door through which Stanhope had gone. She had purposely seated Larsen with his back to ward it. 'He seems to a sort of got on the.right side of John,' went on Susan, in a tone of disap1 proval. 'He's offered to 'work up the case,' whatever he means by that, for nothing— just for practice. It's my opinion it'll take a good deal of practice before he'll find Ber tha Warham, though I don't believe in such proceedings. Get**a real bony fidey detec Here she paused behind Larsen's chair, and, east an inquiring look at- Stanhope, who, for ^several moments, had stood in the shad ow of the door. It was in obedience to a gesture from -him 'that she next spoke. 'Oh, here he conies,'.' a . little „ under her breath; then louder, as if to reassert herself: ???*'WelV young man, what ' was ,liie tr-ouble?' Stanhope -crossed the. room and stood over the stove, rubing his palms softly together. 'Oh!' he said, slowly, 'only a— a little rest less, that's all; I think he's getting feverish, Miss— a— Miss — ' 'Miss Harkins,' .said Susan, emphaticaly. 'Welj, I'll give him his medicine in a min ute. I've got to find some dry clothes first' . She took a second lamp from a shelf in the chimney corner,, and while she, lighted it, Stanhope looked down upon the man cower ing. In the Boston rocker, and asked suavely: ? ''Hpw-.db you feel now, Mr.— a—' ; 'MivvLarsen,' broke, in -Susan. 'Joe, this young ihan says his name is_ Brown, and maybe it is; you needn't believe it if you .don't.' want .to, though.' ' ? \- And with. this master stroke she. caught up the lamp and left the room. Th,e improbable Mr. Brown laughed softly, as if more at his ease in her absence, and thrusting, his hands deep into his trousers -pockets,' lie raised himself upon his tip-toes, and then slowly let himself down 'again, . jingling some keys the while. ?'The old lady don't'seein to take a liking to me,' he said confidentially. 'There. seems to be a good deal of snap about her?* and he laughed broadly, and beamed upon :Lar sen, as if perfectly willing to leiJiim into the joke. ' - ?'?'...?--. But Larsen was in no mood for- humor; he was making a desperate effort 'to' pull himself together, and he had in part succeed ed, before he said: 'She's sharp enough, if you mean that; and she don't like me either. She's an old cat.' He shivered in his, wet clothing, and bent his eyes glaringly upon the fire. 'Let me help you off with that coat, Mr.— a —Mr.—' . . . _ ., ? ....... 'Larsen.' ? . / ;?;. . . Mr.— a— Larsen. Larsen. Why— you're the Mr. Larsen wiio— excuse me. 'I— I'm very glad to meet you— the fact is I—' ' 'Yes, I know.' \ Larsen arose and began tugging at a wet sleeve. 'You're a detec tive?' , 'No, sir — no — not quite that.' taking hold of the coat and drawing it off his shoulder. 'Not quite that; not!that-I wouldn't Jike t6 be — a good detective, . you know. I'm just an amateur, sir; but I do flatter myself that I have some-,little ability, some little. This sort of thing is very fascinating to me, Mr. Larsen. and I have a' theory that a thing that attracts you and fascinates you is the thing to take to.' . : - -. : : 'If you can get your. hands, on it,' said Larsen, grimly, shrugging himself out of the wet coat. ... Exactly!' said the amateur detective, quite cheerfully; 'exactly so, sir.' Larsen favored him with a scowl from un der his black brows, and began to tug at his wet boots. He was still working with the second boot when §usan re-entered with ah armful of clothing. : 'Now, Joe,' she said briskly, 'just you step in here and get into these dry things. It's been open all day, and you won't get chilled.' . ?.??-' (To be continued;) 