The Adbertiser THURSDAY, JANUARY 27, 1896. DR. RUSSELL'S DISMISSAL. THE Government have lost no time in agreeing to the recommendation of the Hospital Board for the dismissal of Dr. Russell, the Medical Superintendent of the Hospital. Dr. Russell had the op portunity of resigning, but did not choose to avail himself of ie We do not consider it at all satisfactory i that Executive action should have been taken without a full publication of the facts which are held to justify it. The board's enquiry took place last week, and an official statement of the proceed ings ought to have been made available. To an officer of Dr. Russell's standing some consideration was surely due. It is understood that he was called before the board and made certain explanations. His defence, whatever it is, should have been completely placed before the public, who have a right to be satisfied that the circumstances fully warrant his dismissal. As it is, nothing is kaonn beyond what can be gathered from the statements elicited by Press enquiry, and these are incomplete and in some respects conflicting. We have already remarked that there appears uo evidence for the charge that the board was disrespectfully treated by the Medical Superintendent. The accusation depends apparently on the theory that the letter sent to him by the acting secretary was in the fullest sense official, and understood as such. If it was, there would be no excuse for the brusque manner in which Dr. ' Russell uotilied his refusal to consult with the Senior Physician, not the ghost of a reason being given. He states, how ever, that he did not regard the letter as in any way a communication from. the board, and it is certain that it did not purport to be such. There is inherent reasonableness in Dr. Russell's disclaimer of any intention to treat the board " cavalierly," and so far as the facts are knosra they impress us as being entirely consistent with his own conteu- j tion. It might be, as has been suggested, that a consideration of what took place? when the Medical Superintendent was! called before the board would lead to a ! different conclusion ; but we can deal only j with the materials for judgment actually before us. If it cannot be convincingly shown that Dr. Russell was intentionally discourteous to the board, it was a grave mistake to ; rai.-:e this point at all. The way in which ! a thing is done may aggravate the offence' of doing it; but in this case the matter, of vital importance is the refusal j of the Medical (Superintendent toi consult with the Senior Physician, anil; the form in which that refusal was con-: veyed is comparatively unimportant.! Obviously such a state of things is critical, and some remedy would have to be fouud for the difficulty it creates. When there is a strain in the relations be-' twecn colleagues whose loyal co-opera tion is necessary in the interests : of tbe institution. cither measures j must be taken to establish concord, j or, if that be impracticable, the offender j must be removed, so tliac cause of fric tion shall no longer exist. The position j assumed by the Medical Superintendent! would appear to be indefensible. It is ?' well known that outside the Hospital j there is what is, to all intents and pur-1 poses, a professional boycott against' the Senior Surgeon and the Senior | Physician. They were ostracised on' their arrival : * afterwards, the un- j usual course was taken of publicly i reflecting on their professional abilities, j and proposing to show in cli'ect tbat, they should never have been granted; tbe right to practise : and tiually. on the j ground that their coming to the rescue of a Hospital abandoned by the houurary stati' was a breach <>f medical etkjuette, they were expelled from a Medical Associa tion. All this is notorious. At the lirst blush it looks very much as though Dr. Kussell's attitude towards certain of his colleagues means the appearance of the boycott in the Hospital. This of course would be intolerable. Something like :y>rit ?fc turns is essential for^he proper working "i the institution, and if dis cordant elements persist in cropping up they must siiiiply be eliminated. It is pretty generally understood that Dr. Russell's connection with lite Hospital leaves him uninjured in the estimation of medical brethren outside who are bitterly hostile to other members of the Ktati'. His appointment as Medical Superintendent was originally the subject of much adverse comment by champions of the old board, but the tone has long since changed. The position he occupied in connection with the Watson episode jgu ye satisfaction to the same side. He has | had grievances of his.own, and in the ! same quarter much sympathy with him ' has been expressed. It would be idle to pretend ignorance of various rumors affecting the question of Dr. Russell's loyalty to a revolutionary and well-hated regime, from which he was one of the first to gain advantage. But it would be entirely unfair to sit in judgment on Dr. Russell on the strength <>f unverified reports. In this miserable Hospital trouble, which some appear to take a delight in foment ing on every possible occasion, there are " wheels within wheels," the working of which must be disclosed before it is just or reasonable to pronounce on any man an unqualified condemnation. Almost all tbatjs authoritatively known at present is that Dr. Russell positively declined to meet Dr. Ramsay Smith in con sultation : that there are other members of the staff cowards waoiu he assumed a similar attitude: and tint he is removed from office because of taking this stand aud refusing to retreat from it when called before the board. More ought to be known. We are not prepared to say that the board or the Government have adopted other than the right solution of a serious difficulty. But, to feel that the sentence is entirely just, the public ought to be satisfied that a difficulty | which is only to be cured in this painful I fashion arose tlrough Dr. Russell's fault. ! Again rumor suggests matter for specula, tion on which it would be well to have precise infornution. It is often said that there is no " Lappy family" arrangement at the Hospital. That some unquiet should occasionally occur is a thing to be j expected, for the apple of discord is con tinually thrown down. .Some members of the staff have probably little or nothing more to fear from an en raged profession outside the insti tution ; otkera have been in a more dubious position, and may still be wondering, vith a good deal of interest, how it will ail end. The staff, it is to be presumed, his been doing its very best for the Hosti.tal, but we can well believe that some of its members may at times have felt mere or less anxious aud un settled. liey>nd all tliu:, however, there is the qucstioi whether any influence is at work in the Hospital itself, which is persistent!; inimical to peace. The board has had a hard row to hoe from the frst. It is, we are satisfied, anxious only to maintain efficiency and promote perfect harmony : but to prevent trouble arising circumspection, tact, and firmness are alsolutely indispensable, in the adjustment of disturbed relations it is desirable, where very probably the causes of distirbance may be complex, to j examine everyside with studious care and impartiality. Will Dr. Russell's removal allow everytiing to go on smoothly ; We should liie to feel more confident upon that joint. Only the climax of the relatuns between the Medical Superintended and the Senior Physician is made visibk to the public ; what went { before might be au interesting and not ! unprofitable s:ory. The board lias placed , itself ac a ilisalvantage before the public lin not makingan unreserved exposure of ; the grounds 01 which the unceremonious ', dismissal of Dr. Russell was resolved j upon. _^^________ 