THE SHARK AND THE WHALE. A MIGHTY BATTLE OP THE r-FEI-. Wo— a little girl of six and myself— wore ?eattd upon a bigh, flat-topped, grassy headland of a lonely part of tbe northern coast of Now South Wales, five miles from the old penal settlement of Port Mucquwio. Three hundred feet below, tho long Pacific rollers, uuruflled by the faintest breath of air, Bwept in endless but Burfloss succession arcund a chain of black, isolated, and kelp-covered rocks that stood out from tho shore nt the distance of n cable-length er so. The tide was low, and some of the rocks raistd their jagged, sun-dried summits perhups six feet from the surface ; others scarce a foot, so that eaoh gentle swell as it came waveriog shoreward poured over iU surface in a oreamy lather of foam ; others again were fathoms below, and then thiok garments of kelp and weed swayed to and fro unceasingly to tho sweep of the ocean roll above them. And in and about the rocks, and boverinng urer the white gleam of sandy bottom that, like a great table of ivory, lay between them and the clifl bouod shore, swam droves of bright pink coloured schmppex, and great, lazily-moving blue-fish. Half a mile awav a swarm of nulls floated motionless on the blue expanse; upon the time-worn foreshore boulders beneath us utood lines and groups of divers, with wings outspread in solemn silence, gazing seaward. We had climbed tho heudland to look for whales ; for it was the mouth of October, when tho great schools of humpbacks and finbacks Were travelling southward to colder sean from their breeding grouuda among the Bamptou shoals nine hundred miles away north-east. For three weiks they had been passion south, some times far out from tbe laud, sometime* within a mile of the shore— hundreds of thousando of pounds' worth of rich blubber, with never » wbaleship nor whaleboat's orew within two thousand miles ; tor the brave old days of Australian whaling -nterprise died fully fifty yuara ago. At last, a mile or so away, » jet of smoky spray, and then another und another 1 Five humpbacks— two cows, two calves, and a bull — only a small ' pod ' — that is, a school. Nearer and nearer they came, their huge, black humps gleaming brightly in tho dazzling sunlight us they rose to spout. A hundred yards in front the old bull rolls lazily along,' soundiue ' hut rarely, for the sea is full af squid, and ho and his convoy, with drooping lower jaw, snek ia the lovely morsels by countless swarms. Six weeks before, as they bad .rolled and spouted uorthwards to the great lagoons of the Bumpton and Bellona reefs, they hud passed withi-, perhaps a hundred yards of the head land upon which we sat. Perhaps, too, a fierce 14 north-easter ' blrw, and the ohain of rooks that wus now so gently laved by the murmuring waves was smothered in the wild turmoil of a. roaring surf, and the great bull, although his huge, corrugated belly itched sorely from the thick growth of inch-long barnacles thut hud so tormented him of late, spouted regretfully and headed seaward ugaia — he could not scratch bis giant frame in such a surf as that. But to day it was different ; aud now ho could enjoy that loug-deluyed pleasure of dragging his great body over the rough surfaces of the submerged rocVs and tearing those dreadfully irritating batnncles off his twenty-five feet of grey-whito ridgy stomach. For, suddeuly, he raised hi's vast head, and theu souudad, straight on end, and tbe child by my side gave a gasp of wondeiiui; terror us she saw his mighty tail rise a good teu feet in uir and then slowly vauish beneath. On went tho cows and calvos, appareuttly taking uo heed of father's sudden dive shore ward. He would soon be back, they knew, us soon as the puor fellow had rid himself of those tormenting barnacles ; aud so with dim uished speed they kept iu southwards towards Camileu Haven. But just as the great bull camo burst ing through tho blue depths into thu greeny hue of six fathoms of water, wo saw between him and the ' pod ' two small jets, like spurts of steam, shoot up from the water between him and his convoy ; and in another second the cows aud calves had lonndedita deadliest terror and were rushing seaward two thousand feet be low. For they knew that out there in the depths lay their only bopo oF safety from their dreaded and invincible enemies, tho *4 killers ' and ' threshers ' of the South Pacific— the murderous savago, cetacean pitates that liu in wait for the returning 44 podB ' as they travel southwards to tbe colder seas of Tasmania. As the great humpback reached the chain of rocks. and had begun to scratch, his foes had advanced silently but swiftly towards 'jiuj. Before them swam tbvir equally fierce and dreaded ally, Mopias Vulpes, the 4- thresher.' or fox-i.hark. But, before 1 tell of that noble light of giants which fur nearly two hours we gnw.d at on thut October morning from the lonely headland, let me say something about Alopias Vulpes and his fellow-pirate, Orca Gladiator, tbe 14 killer.' ' First of all, then, as to the ' thresher.' Ho is a shark, pure and simple, and takes his name from bis enormous scythe-like, bony tail, which form two-thirds of his leiiuth. His month is but small, and whales have little to fear from tl.at, but dread tho terrible kuife-like sweep and downward slnsh of his tail ; for each stroke cnts through thu tough skin und sinks deep down into the blubber. .Such is tho ' thresher ' and in every drove of '4 killers ' there is always one thresher, sometimes two. The ' killer ' is actually a whale, for he is warm-blooded und rises to the surface to spuut. which ho does in a manner lhathii£ often led tu his being mistaken for a humpback or finback wbale. He is distinguishable only from the grampus by his mouth, which has teeth— and terrible teeth— in both jaw» ; tha grampus has teeth iu his lower jaw only. When ho (tbe giampus) is a baby he has teeth i« both jaws, but those of the upper jaw are shed and fall out whi ii he in about half-grown. The killer has teeth in both jaws, us many a poor humpbick and finback has found out to bis cost, for the fierce creature does justice to his name — Oroa Gladiator The killers have u business, aud they never neglect it. It is the business of whale catching and killing. They are bulldog piral.s of tho deep sea, aud on the coast of Australia their headquarters are at Twofold Bay. Sometimes, but not often, they have been known to attack the monarch of the ocean, the sperm whale. But they generally leave him alone. He is tuo big, too powerlul, aud Ms great ten-inch (eeth aud fierce suirit render him a duugerous cus tomer to tuokle. But with the right whule, the humpback, and the seventy-fool flying finback, the killers con work their cruel will. Aud now to the fight we saw. For about ten minutes or so the great hump hack dragged his monstrous seventy feet of flesh and blubber across the tops ot the sub mergod rocks, raising sometimes his vuBt head ond sometimes his miuhty flukes out of tho water, as with all the weight of a hundred tons or more he rubbed and scraped uud scratched his itching belly against thesurraee ot tbe rocks. Suddenly, a loDg slendrr, greyish object swept like lightuiog upon him. and the thresher buried his teeth in the loose fkin of his 4lBmull' — thit is, about fifteen or sixteen feet from his tail. And at the same moment with suvuge puffs of spray shooting bigh from their blow holes, the two killers dartod n,t his head and seized him by the jaw. In ten seconds there was nought to bo seen but a maddeued whirl aud dueth of foam, as the unfortunate victim sough to escape seaward. Well did ho know that in such shallow water— thero was but five or six fathoms— he could not sound far below into ocean's depths, aud, earning his foes with him, compel them to rise to air. Fifteen, perhaps tircuty minutes exhausts the air supply of a killer ; a whale can remain below the surface for sixty. But he made a bold nttempt. liaising bis enormous head high in air and Riving it a m gtjty sbnko, he freed himself of one of the killers, whoso body, twenty feet in length, be hurled from him us if it weru a min now ; but tbo other, with bis cruel teeth buried bulldog fusbion in his thick lips, hung on with savnge tenacity. And down upon his -4 small ' tho thresher, with his teeth gripping the loose, tough, and wrinkled skin, uprearid bis lengthy form, and brought his awful scythe-like tuil down upon tbe victim's bnokj with a smack that could bo heard half a mile away. It cut. and then, as the whale rolled in bis agony from the blow, a broad white, streak of blu bor oozod through the severed skin. Before be could gather his- strength for that seaward rush whioh meant life, the thrown-off killer was back, and had seized him again by his starboard lip. Too late 1 be could not sound und could not Dee, and the poor, worried uuimal seemed to know it, for suddenly he lay quiet, while the bulldogs shook him aud the thrt-fihrr dealt bim steady but fearful blows upon his broad expanse of shining back. . 11 Oh, tho poor, whale !' said my little com panion, as she sbudderjngly clutched my arm. ' Look at that 1' The killer fastened to the left jaw of the helpless, floating monster, raising his square white and black head about a foot or two out of water, gave it that quick jerk one sees a fox terrier nives to a rat, aud brought »way iu bis jaws ?- piece of lip about a yard long— a thick atrip of bloody white aud red. And, as a terrier throws a rat backward and upward, so did the killer throw away the gory muss ; it fell with a heavy splash upon tho water some fathoms array. Then with a mightv leup the wretched whalo Bprang clear out of the water, standing for a moment or two straight up aud down, and as ho snnng bis body round in falling we saw tho blood pouriug from his juws iu a stream. He fell upoa nis back with a terrific splash of foam, and for a few teconds was out of danger ; gain ne raised hiB aead — the killers were both fastened to his lips aguiu.tear ing off the blubbcry flesh in moiiBtrous strips. Once, as he wallowed in his ugouy, he opened his vasty jaw, and ere he ?:onld close his mouth one of his foes thrust in his bulldog head aud sought to tear uwuy a piece uf his great tongue. And thou came such :i crashing und splashing aud bewildering leaping of foain, ? d his tail upreared itself and swept rouud and round in nil directions, und then struck the water blow that sounded like a thunderclap. Look,' sui.l the child ugain, ' there arc more of those cruel killers coming ; see, theie they ure, just below us .!' Vifty feet away from tho persecuted hump back, and sailing round and round in tbe greeu water beyond the rocks were five sharks. They had smelt the blood of the battle, and were waiting till they could join in, and. while the killers forced their head into tho humpback's mouth aud toru out his toothsome tooguo, feed upon the quivering mass of blubbir aud rend him in pieces from his head down to his 14 small.' Ttio unio?tust\to nniniftl was now becoming rapidly exhausted, and though he still struck the water resounding blows with his tail, he was convulsed with pain and terror, and swam slowly round and round in a circle, spouting Feebly, and rolling from side to side iu a vain effort to shake off the killers, uud find his way to the open sea. Then, us if wearied with their attempts to get at hia tongue, the two destroy ers suddeuly let go their hold und swam array some tweftty yards or so ; and tho thresher, too, although hu still lay alouitside, ceased bis fearful blows and let his long, nanow, anil tapering body lie motionless upon the wnter.and the five grey sharks drew ueartr and nearer. But thu killers had not left bim, for after spouting once or twice, they slewed rouud and camo at the prey with a satago ruBh, and leap ign bodily out of tho water, flung thempclves upon his hack time and time again with thu most cruel and extraordinary pertinacity. And so, at last, there be lav, his monstrous head and thirty feet of his back raised high out of tho waler, and thu white seethe of Foam in which his colossal frame writhed aud shuddered in deadly torment was tinged deeply with u bloodier! red. Better far For bim would have been thtt swift, denth-dealing stroke of tho whaler's lance, or the dreadful ' squish ' of the bursting bomb us it entered his vitals, aud put an end to him ut oi.ee, lhan endure such tortures as now were his. But, piescufly, gathering his strength for one final effort, one hut spout slowly curled out, he loitered his head, raised his tail, aud dashed headlong sea ward. And like demons from the pit the tno killers followed him down. They knew thi,t for a mile out the water was too shallow for him to get awuy fiom them. Behind, the five sharks swept iu swift pursuit; ahead uf all Alinpias Vulpes cleft, the water with sharp vicious ' twecps ' or his lonf tail. Five, perhaps six, minutes p»!sed, and then, with u roiiriiijr burst of fnani and spouting quickly, he r*i»ed his immense Fnrm hulF up out of the water mid, supporting himself upon his tail, spun round ami round. Twice his cave like mouth opened snd shut, and as iie beat the sea into froth and spume uiouml, a strange, awe-inspiring sound Kccomi'Uuieil bis lust spout ; for tbe sharks tvere at him below, tearing and riving out roouthfuls of blubber, and the killeis hud drugged out bis tongue One last shuddering gasp, and tho now uncon scious creature sank buckwurds, and describing » circle in his final ?? flurry,' lolltd over, ' lin up,' und gave up his grcaisy ghost. — Luui- Beekc. in the ' Pull MnI!'G»zcttc.' 