AT THE HALL DOOR, BY JANE BARLOW. tALL EIGHTS EESEUVED.] Everybody more or less shared the senti ment which Mrs. Leuihan, the cook, expressed,' when she declared that it was a quare onnutural way of doing things, and not apt to be over lucky, if any oue axed her opinion. She was sitting on the hall door steps of Slungoragh Housr to look out for the return of the wedding parry, and most of the domestic statf were with her. The absentees included Lizzie Mitchell, the kitchen-maid, who, undaunted by 'a good four-mile every step of it,' had tramped off to witness the ceremony, and Ellen Egan, who was presumably round iu the north wing, 'minding poor Miss Kathleen, the crathur,' her constant occupation any time these last twenty years. All the windows of the north wiug blinked into the yew t;arien, that dismallest nook in a dismal demesne, being closely beset with high walls and impenetrable hedges, and crowded with great gloomy shrubs, whose fantastic shapes looked of a morning as if they should have shrunk along with the night's shadows. Behind such barriers, a life pining and fretting, and pacing the dark mossy walksfor very weari ness, would be most securely beyond sight, and hearing and reach of the outer world, while the oblivious seasons accifmluted like a deepening drift of dead leaves. ' Well now, it's the first family ever I seen,' Mrs. Lenihan continued protesting, ' where a weddin' made no more differ than if it was a load of coal comin' home— not so much as an extry custard ordered. Sure the other mornin' when I was sayin' to the mistress that I supposed I would be gettin' ready a couple of jellies and cranics at all events for the breakfast to-day. ' Breakfast !' scz she like the squake of a slate pencil, ? No such folly indeed. Send up luncheon pre cisely as usual,1 and off wid herself, lookiu' as' sour as an ould crab-apple.' *' Lookia' the very thing she is then,' Anne Darley, the under-housemaid commented uugainsaid, the head of the household being unpopular for several reasons. One of these Uy iu the fact that she was the second Mrs. Nugent, a point never forgotten in the establishment, although Mr. Ward, the butler, was the only member of old enough standing to contrast her with her predecessor. ' You might ha thought now that she wouldn't be so aisy put out,' Mrs. Leuihuu went on, ' when be all accounts she's us pleased as anylhin' at gettin' poor Miss Sibyl married.' ' Ay, and that she was,' said Hannah Morris, the upper-housemaid, who did occa sional duty in the higher sphere of ladies' maid, ' sure the time we was stoppin' away lust spring, I heard her tellin' Lady l)\tz Gibbon— the ould sister she has livin1 at Bray — that she couldn't say the relief it was to her mind havin' Miss Sibyl settled iu her time, for she herself was growin' to be an ould woman, aud cousidcrin' them she would be lavin'.' ' She always thought a hape of Miss Sibyl,' said Mrs. Lenthau. 'And why wouldn't she?' said Hannah, ' the only child ehe ever had, and he well liked by everybody. I've nothing to say agin that.' 41 Ay, no,' said Mrs. Lcnihar. ' I remember poor Mr. Eddy— I come here two year afore he died— a pleasant-6poken young gentleman, wid plenty of good nature in him, wheiever he got it, not from some I could name. ' ' Miss Sibyl's a good- nathurcd little cratbur too,' said Bridget Heany, the coachman's daughter, who helped in the laundry, ' maybe not wid a great dale of sense to spake of, but plisant and frindly. And she's purty-lookiu' enough.' .* ' Purty or ugly, she might ha sted here till the end of all her day?,' said Anne Darley, ' wid sorra the sowl settin' foot inside the place, year out and year in except the doctor and the ould parsoD. The misthress done right to take her up to Dublin, if she wanted her to have e'er a chance at all.' ' I dunno has she got any great things for her as it is,' said Mrs. Lenihan. ' This ould colonel has the appearance of bein' a rlacint quiet giutleman, but he's ould enough .for MU Sibyl's father—fifty I'd put him at if he's a day.' .. 'But he owns a fine property, mind you,' said Hannah, ' in tho county of Cork. I heard tell he changed his name for it when he come into it not so long ago. Colonel Kendal they call him now, instead of whatever he used to be. But talkin' of the misthress bein' put out, you might ha' said so, if you'd seen thedisthraction Bhe was in that lime last April when she was purvinted of bavin' the weddin' away up there at Bray. Just about eettlin' it all she was, only for the master takin' a worse turn, and bringin' her back here be te'.egraph.' ' It's a turn he'll never be the better of, poor man, goodness may pity him,' eaid Anbe Darley. ' 'Deed he's a sorrowful sight to behould these times, sittin' there in his chair the len'th of the day, without stirring hand or foor, like the image of a ghost.' ' And the misthress makes that an excuse for nia«rviu' Miss Sibyl in the corner, so to spake, behind the back door,' said Mrs. Lenihan, ' wid ne'er a bit of company at the weddin', nor a new gown, nor anythiu' to hearten the crathur up.' ' She makes' it an excuse for more, that I'm thinkin',' said Anne. ' Look at the way she's keepin' poor M 88 Kathleen shut up ever since the master was disabled of quittin' his room. As long as he was gettin' about at all, he would be uxin' for her add coaxin' her to take a turn wid him ; you might often beseem' the two of thorn creepin1 up and down the long laurel walk there. But these times you never set eyes ou her, or Ellen Egan either for that matter, except it's streelin' round the little back garden they are. They might as well be livin' at the bottou of a well. Some whiles' I'm thii.kin' it's enough to mope the very senses out of her too.' 'Is it Ellen?' said Hannah Morris, 'sure she's a quarc one. Nivcr a word she has for anybody, good or bad, if she can couthrive to hould her torigite. Liefer walk a mile she would to look at the clock than ax you the time of day. Was she that way evcraccordin' to your knowledge, Mr. Ward ? For you've a longer recollection of her than any of us has.' ' Quare or no,' said the butler, who had been silently polishing a salver in the back ground. ' It 'ud be a bad day for Miss Kathleen if any thin' happint Ellen Egan.' ' And who was sayin' it wouldn't ? ' said Hannah sclf-defensively. ' But that doesn't hinder her bein' quare, nor more than me thinkin' her so. There was the Colonel the day he come here a fortnight ago, when he was about lavin', he went into the back hall to fetch his overcoat that was hangin' up near the ould press that I happened to be clanin' out. And just that ininytt Ellen Egan went by wid Miss Kathleen's tay. Well now the minyit she noticed him, she stopped like a cl ck run down, and stood starin' at him aB if he had seven heads on his shoulders, and she had a mind to be reckonin* the hairs on the whole of them. ' What is it?' scz he, for, mind you, she was standin' as close to him as I am to you, but wid that off she took down the passage as fast as she could skyte. So sez I to him she was only a demented sort of poor body that would be somewhiles wrong in her head, and ihtinded no offence. Hut be good luck I seen wid the tail of my eye that she was waitin1 in the turn of the passage where he'd conic by goin' to the hall door ; so what did I do but show him out through the library, the way she'd get no chance to be perfortnin' any more quare antics.' ' Sure the life she lades is fit to dhrive King Solomau disthracted,' said Bridget Heany, 'and poor Miss Kathleen too. Small blame to her to be cracked when the heart ot her'a broke wid mnpin'. I wouldn't won'er now but she'd ha' kep' her sinees right enough, if they'd conthrived her a bit of divarsiou at the beginuiu'. Howsome'cr, it's a good thing they haven't let Miss Sibyl go the same way— as she aisy might, for she's the moral, me mother says, of what Miss Kathleen was. She's well out of it, if she'd twice as naygurdly a weddin'.' ' Here's the rain agin,' said Mrs. Lenihan, ' wo'll have to he steppin' inside.' For Miss Sibyl's unfeslive bridal' had not very fair weather to enliven it. rJhe shining of the August sun was as uncertain OS .that of any April day. Shaggy black thunderclouds prowled about the horizon, growling distantly, and more than once already the outlookets liad. been driven under cover by the descent of heavily splashing drops, which made ; large wafers on (he smooth stone. 'Troth, but Lizzie was the foolish girl to go and get herself ducked,' said Mrs. Lent* ban, as she took up a position just within doors. ' Thrampin? over the oounthry when there isn't so much as a white gown to be lookin1 at, or a lace veil. Why, poor Miss Sibyl might ha* been settin' off to go dhrink tay wid the ould Miss Grahams in her little black cape and her sailor hat, for any signs of a weddin' you'd see on her.' ' Oh, Lizzie was expectin* to get a lift on Faylix Gorman's car,' said Anne Darley, ' I heard her and Mrs. Toole talkin' about it last night at the lodge. Goin' to Glasowen he is on a message ; like enough he'll take her both goin' and comin'. But 1 was thinkin' that as soouas this showor'a cleared off I'd take a run out and bring in a handful of them dahlias and asters over there to brighteu up the table a thrifle for the luncheon. Nobody could be objectin' to that anyway.' ' Indeed then you'll be puttin' no such thing on my table,' nevertheless rejoined Mr. Ward. ' There isn't any raison for decora tions that I'm aweer of.' ' Not for a weddin'?' suggested Anne, humbly argumentative, which was the most she could venture to be. .'There's weddin's and weddin's,' he said grimly, ' and I've nothiug to say agin Borne of them. But the time for them in this houBe is gone by this ma-ny a long day. Twinty year ago there come nigh bein' a one in it you might ha' decorated and welcome ; and she purvinted of it— she that's gettin' her own way this mornin', and much good may it do her.' 'Ay, sure enough,' said Bridget Heany, ' I've heard me mother say there was great talk one time of Miss Kathleen tnakin' a match wid a young officer in the army, that she met away at her uncle, the General's place. But then it all went off somehow.' ' And great talk, and plinty of great talk there might be,' said the old butler. ' When the whole thing was settled, and Miss Kathleen stayin' up wid her grandmother in Dublin to get her weddin' clothes, before herself there — the misthress conthrived to stop it —the devil and she knows how.' ' But what raison had she agin it?' asked Mrs. Lenihan. ' Sorra a one, except that she wanted Miss Kathleen to go into the Convent away at Kenmure,' said Mr. Ward. ' And she herself a Protestant, and a black Presbyterian to the back of that !' said Mrs. Lenihan, and her tone was incredulously interrogative. ' It sounds no ways very likely,' added Hannah Morris, sceptically following suit. ' Maybe it doesn't,' said the old man, and rubbed up his salver for a few moments in silence. But the little thrill of resentment at their unbelief stirred the bitterness of a long brooded over grievance into speech, and he re* sumed : Likely or no, that was her raison. And the raison of the raison was t hat the old uncle of Miss Kathleen, who had left her a fine fortin, had no opinion of convents and such, eo he put iu his will that if ever Miss Kathleen turned uuu, the one-half of his property 'ud go to her half-bi other— that was Mr. Eddy, the misthress's son. And the misthress was just wild for him to be gettin' the money, for he was growin' up a sizeable Blip of a lad, and didn't seem to have much notion; of ears in' any for himself. I dunno was he over* seubible, belike not, but at all events he never done any thin' better than loaf about the place. So tho inisthress had great hopes one time that she had Mise Kathleen persuaded togointo the convent, aud it was the greatest dis appointment at all when instead of that she went to stop wid the General, and fell in wid youug Captain M'Clintock. Ragin' the mis* threes was at the idee of her gettin' married, and dead set she was ou hinderin' it. And bedad she got her own way — so far.' ' Well now, to goodnesB, but if she did she was a terrible wicked woman,' said Mrs. Lenihan, ' and how did she manage it ?' ' That's more than I can be tellin', though perhaps I've me own thoughts on the matter,' said Mr. Ward. 'As I was a-sayiu', the devil knows and herBelf knows, and betwixt them be it. Unless maybe Ellen Egan found out somethin'. The misthress is in a manner afraid of her, that's sarlin. But aB diver as she was, she made no great things of it after all. For look the way it i«. Ne'er a fut did she get Miss Kathleen into the convent, it was out of her mind she dhru the crathur, goodness help her. And the money she was schetniu' for, every penny of it they loBt widin the year in some company that went and failed. And as for Mr. Eddy, he never done a han's turn, but took and married Nellie Grehan, that was just a small farmer's daughter, and no match for him whatever. And then she died when Miss Sibyl was born, and he wesn't long following htr, and now i here's the poor master dyin' by inches this great while back, wid herself gittin* as gray and w zendy and shaky, as an ould head of withered hemlock. So that wid one thing' and the other, maybe she's no great call to be very cod tint in her mind.' 'Ay, bedad,' said Hannah Morris, 'sure she was s*yin' that time to Lady FitzGibbon that Miss Sibyl's marryin' was the only bit of satisfaction Bhe'd had for this many a long year.' ' They ought to be safely married by now,' said Mrs. Lenihan, 'and a good step on the road home. Saints above, what a day it's turnin' out. The thunder's comin' nearer.7' ' And lookin' as black as the pots over to* wards Glasowen all this while,' said Bridget Heany. 'They're apt to be dhtowded dhriven'back.' * The storm, Indeed, was advancing from menance to aB&ault.; Hailstones clattered against, the glass and rebounded from the gravel,' the thunder boomed in a steady , . crescendo, and the lightning flares grew' ''f:.. fiercer through grey swirls of rain. 'Mercy '' 'be among us,' aaid Mrs. Lenlban. shrinking ? s£-. and blinking—' I hope that won't terrify ' the borse on them.' ' , - *' It is the ould mare V aaid the coachman's ° daughter. ' Sure not all. She hasn't the wit left to be af eared of anything, let alone beiu' as blind as a black night. What I wan thinkin' of was the wheels breakin' down. I heard me father eayin' there was one them wantin' lookin' to this long while. And I misdoubt Bomethin'a ; happenin' to delay them, or else they'd ha' ' been here before now.' 'If they don't presently come,' said Mrs. Lenihao, 'I'll have to be runnin' down to put on the bit of pudding for Miss Kathleen's dinner. She won't get out for e'er a walk in the garden in this weather, the crathur, besides I believe she does be always scared wid thunder, and so is Miss Sibyl !— whist, I thought I heard something comin1,' But a long interval of .pouring, murky and fitfully, lurid, gave scope for many other false alarms, before Peter Bourke, the pantry-boy, who alone remained enjoy ably defying the elements out on the steps, at last shouted to his friends in the hall a report which proved to be not wholly unfounded. There was un doubtedly as he said: ' Some sqrtof yoke throttiug up the avenue, gliinpsin' between the trees.' In a few minutes,' however, it be came apparent that this was not the family inside car, with Paddy Heany on the box, and the old white mare between the shafts, and presumably the bridal pair behind the black leathern curtains. It was only Felix Gorman driving his cream-coloured pony from one Bide of his jaunting- car, while the other seat accomodated two shawled figures. The longest sighted members of the group hastened to announce their disappointing neWB, and as the vehicle continued on its course, they all began to add the comment: 'And it is dhrivin' up to the hall door they are ? Musha long life to them ! Set them up.' Unconscious apparently of his presumption, Peter Gorman did wheel round the wet gravel, sweep, and halt at the steps, down which everybody clustered saying : ' Well now Lizzie — and Mrs. Toole — there you are— and what's fcep' you till this time? And what happint to the misthress and the rest of them that they haven't come back ?' But Lizzie, having jumped off the car more nimbly that Mrs. Toole of the gate lodge, who was elderly and fat, stood forlornly among her inquiring friends, and only -answered in a dazed sort of way : ' I dunuo — I.dunno— och, the crathurs.' 'Sure then, girl, wasn't you at the weddin' that you don't know ?' said the cook. ' Weddin',' said Mrs. Toole, as she de scended, ' Sorra the weddin' there was in it, nor won't be.' 'Och, the crathurs,' said Lizzie again. ' It is ravin' you arc, woman ?' said Anne Darley, ' or is the wits dhrownded out of the both of you ?' ' What was the whole of yous doin' here,' demanded Mre. Toole, ' that you let them two get away unbeknownst?' , ' What are you talkin' about in the Lord's name ?' said Mrs. Lenihan, \- ' 'Deed, and I dunnot rightly no meself, for me head's in a maze wid it all,' said Mm, ?Toole, ' but I'll tell you the best way I can. And the beginnin' of it was nofliin* out of the common, barrin' the outrageous polthogues of rain, and the blackness of it overhead. For we got to the Church all in good time, and pmintly the Cojonel came and a iady and gintleman wid him, and the clargy, and after a little while the misthrees and Miss Sibyl, and there was maybe half-a-dozen people lookin' on. So they were just ready to begin the service, when all of a suddint there came the most awful flash of lightnin1 you ever witnessed, aettin' the whole place in a thrimble of fire for a niinyit. And if there did, that very instiant eomethin' white slipped out from be hind one of the pillars near the Lady Chapel — a tall lookin' woman it was wid a veil over her head. A fine turn she gave me, for I made as sartin as anythin' it was the ould nun's ghost, that theysaydocs be walkin'about there now and agin. But Lizzie, tshe grips me nuBfort'nit arm like a snaptrap, and sez she : ?Mrs. Toole— Mrs. Toole— it's Miss Kath leen !' And I'll give you me word, ma'am, so it was,' 'Ah, goodness guide you, woman dear,' said Mrs. Lenihau deprecatingly, ' don't be romancin' to us. How'd she get there, she that's never set fut beyond the gates this nearly twinty year? It's a dale an a dale liker she's just sittin' mopin' there in her room, instead of to be thravcllin' over the counthry frightenin' people in while veils. And you may depind there she is this minyit.' 11 Then it's no truth you'd dipind,' asserted . Mrs. Toole, 'sure now, Lizzie, you seen it all?'* 'Ay, indeed, did I, 'said Lizzie, who looked sacred and dejected. , 'In a white shinin' silk gown she was,' Mrs. Toole continued, ' wid a long laee veil streelin' over it. But a yeliery sort of look there was on it, like as if it had been lyin' by till it wanted a blaichin'. And Miss Kathleen herself put me in mind of nothin' bo much aa of a sprig of the pink hawthorn I've had pressin' fiat in my ould prayer-book ever since it was new. You can just tell tbe sort of blossom was on it, but the colour's all dried out of it, and it's only the name of what it used to toe. Ay, the crathur, I was thinkin' she looked liked that, and she moonin' along as if she was half walkin' in her Bleep, she didn't rightly knoV where. And a few steps after come Ellen Egan, wid an ould gray waterproof, drippin' wet, hangin* over her arm, and her eyes shinin' in her head fit to frighten yon— that was the first thing I noticed about her. And sure you don't suppose 1 was the only person seen her 1 Everybody fild, and that took aback they were, . there wasn't a word out of thim till Miss Kathleen come to. maybe widin a yard of the/€olontl, and then she stood still. Andi .... see he* turnin' to the tnisthresa: 'Merciful heaven*,' see he, ' you tould me she was dead.' « Att* It 'ud be better U she was,' sez the ** „* I''2', » '- ' . - misthress. And wid that Ellen Egan ups and spakes out : * That's what you say, and you as good as deethroyin' her; but there's others 'ud say very different. Captain M'Cliutock,' sez she— but she was spakiu' to the Colonel- ? you'd niver think that V But before he could say a word, Miss Kathleen began to laugh and screech wild-like, and in the middle of it down slammed the moat terrific clap of thunder you ever heard, and she dhropped as if she was struck with the Hghtnin' — Howsome'er it was on'y one of them quare thrances she falls into of an odd while.1' 'And what was becomin' of Miss Sibyl?' interrupted Hannah Morris. 'Sure I was just goin' to tell you that, Round she turned at the roar of the thunder, and run away down the aisle, and out of the big door. But Lizzie knows more about that than me, for she took out after Miss Sibyl.' ' And not a sign of her I seen when I went outside first,' said Lizzie, ' till I'd sky ted round to the porch again, and there I found her sittin' on the grass by the gravel-walk, in says of wet. So I eez to her for pity' sake do be comin' in out of that, and she looks up at me, aud sez she : ' It's gatherin' daisies I am to make a daisy-chain, won't you help me wid it, Lizzie?' sez she, the very way she used to spake when she was a weeny scrap of a child, and meself a slip of a girl— she was frindly to me ever. Aud for all I could do or say I couldn't git her to understand aught — and nobody will agin, that's my belief. It's distressful to see her. But there's no good talkin'.' Lizzie muffled her head closer in her sodden shawl, and slipped behind her neighbours' backs. ' Lizzie's annoyed about Miss Sibyl, that she was always great wid,' Mrs. Toole siid explanatorily. ' Cryin' she's been most of the road comiii' along. But for the matter of that, I'd be hard set to say if you axed me which of the whole of them that we left behind us at the church is the most to be pitied — I would so.' ' What at all were they dein', and you comin' away ?' said Bridget Heany, ' Well, Canon Carroll had had Miss Kathleen carried into the sacristy, and she was comin' round. And poor Miss Sibyl was quiet enough, on'y talking foolish about her daisy-chains. And there was the Colonel lookin' like ashes, and the misthress wid her face as gray as a stone wall ? ' ' The divil's cure to her and it,' said the old butler grimly. ' The curse of this house Bhc's been, since ever she set fut inside the door, comin' after her she wasn't fit to look at the shadow of.' ' Bedad that's thrue for you, I'll be bound,' said Mrs. Leuihan. ' All's one, I could not help bein' sorry for the ould crathur,' said Mrs. Toole, ' when she was spakin' to me a while ago, to bid me go back and tell you the way it happint. Och ! 'twas a could despair she had in her heart, black as it may be. They were to folly after us in the car as soon as they could conthrive — as we were settin' off, I heard the poor Colonel callin' to your father, Bridget, so I should suppose they might be here any time. Goodness may pity them, but it's a different way they're comin' back from what they looked to. ~ Musha now, to think of Ellen Egan gettin' Harrel's car to meet them at tbe back gate — that's how she done it. Do you Bee anythin', Peter ?' 'The rain's that blindiu',' said Peter. ' I can scarce make out, but I think there's somethin' comin' along the avenue.' And a minute later he added : ' Ay, sure enough, it's the ould mare ; they're comin' home.' Whereupon everybody, even Mr. Ward, said and thought : 'Och, the crathurs.' Winkle : ' I wonder why Tapley whistles so much ?' Topman : ' Probably to keep up his courage. A man who whistles as badly as he does is in constant danger of death.' Customer : ' Look here ! I want to change this coat I boucht yesterday. My wife doesn't like it.' Izaacks, the tailor : ' Change dot coat ? You must be crazy. Dot's de finest btece uff goota you effer vore. I tell you voat, mien f cient, it 'ud petter you keep dot coat and go home aud change your wife.' In the biography of Dr. Hawtrey, the fatnous English schoolmaster, there is a de scription ai his unkempt appearance, with a comment which has been greatly quoted. It is said that he was scolding, for being late at morning lesson, some boy who replied that he had no time to dress. ' But I can dress in time,' said the doctor. ' Yes,' replied tbe boy, ' but 1 wash.' 