A UA'TICS. If all goes well, P. Walah and E. aons field will meet at the Harbour View Hotel this evening for the purpose of fixing up preliminaries in connection with their pro. poed seualling match for a stakh of £50 a side. The lads met at the rcgatta on the Laoke on Wednesday, but neither felt dis posed to show his hand, and of counrse their performanre was not appreointed by the spectators. It is hoped that no hitbch will ari'o to prevent a clinching of the match, which has already hnog fire toolong. All these who saw the raoe freely admit that had young Jackl Hickey beeoon better buated he would have won the priucipol auonll ing event at, the Anniversary Regatta in Sydney on Wednesdagy. As it was, he put up a splendid performance, and he hbo no reason to be ashamed of his defeat. Most of the competitors were in spanking now skiffs, whereas the. one used by the "Harding of the North"had outlived its useofulnoees, and was as "oreaeky" as an ungrcased motor wheel. The other Newcastle competitor, R. Treesider, hadn't the ghost of a show in the reoo, and why the handicappere sit npon him so unmereifully passes all comprehension. le has never done anything to jeustify snuch treatment, and if they desire to oncourage rowers of Treossilder's stamp the hand!oappars uhould most certainly show them a little more consideration. Tressider's prineipal porformanee to date is his victory over J. Ford on the Hunlor, and if he is to be penalised ao unfairly for suenoh a win, it is high time that he gave the game a rest, and waited until the handioappers eatislfied themselves that he is not the phenomenal rower they took him to be. By the lash mail a report is given of the annual meeting of the stewards of Eonley Royal BRegatta, hold at the Hoenlay.on. Thamen Town Hall, December 11. The roe oeripts for the year wore £3532 Is id, and the expenditure £2922 5s Sd, leaving a balanoe on the year's working of £010 3s 8d. The reserve fund now stands at £2500 and oath asooount at £185. The above igures show how well supported Henley Begatta has been, and what a power it is in the amateur rowing world. 