WIT AND HuMOU.. S is is what a Russian proverb has to D on woman's rights: "If you be a S , crow; if a hen, lay eggs." isitor, in restaurant at the Zoological i lens (commandingly): " I say, or, wiheni do they feed the an"iuals ?" er "Excusc menc sir, wl..: have idered " S French gecntleman, who had heard r £called spirits, went into all hotel and d for a glass of punch, requesting it should be made of "ghost from tie Weset Indies." 4 l: Wr'hy does that piano sound loud and then soft when your sister ays it." He : \ Well, you see, she is \- ning to ride a bike, and uses the dals alternately from force of habit." apa: "So Emily now stands at the l' d of her class in French ?" Mamma: Yes. She and another girl were exactly n in the written examinations, but it s decided that Emily shrugged her ulders the more correctly." The following extremely novel adver emenit lately appeared in a Fencs pro ucial newspaper :- " For Sale: One 'r tatikey, two psodle dogs, and a parrot. tic owner, liademloiselle L., being about ia rry, has no further use for these rs limals." sIn a certain country Court-room one y there had been such a chattering ongl the spectators that the judge ex imed : "Silence !i Usher, let us have coruin in court !" The oflicer, a native the Emera'd Isle, at once rushed to o door, calling out : " Richard Orum I ý:chd Oruss h" It was some time before decorums" was secured. N. P. Willis, the Aerican writer, was ually the life of the compansy he tap oed to be ini. His repartee at Mrs ales's diiner its Waslhingtoi is fanous. srs Gales wrote on a card to her niece. it the other end of the table: "Don't dirt so witlh Nat Willis." She herself was talking vivaciously to a Mr Campbell. Willis rote the iece's reply "Dear aunt, don't attempt nsy youing feelings to trasssael, Nor Straint at a Nat while you swallow a Campbell I" Best Sugsgestion Yet.- She (at the theatre): " So you don't like that hat just in front of us ? How would you like it trimmned ?" He (savagely): " With a lawn mower '' And t Bobby Naturally Agreed.-Visi tor : " W ihom do you take after, Bobby -your palpa or your mamma ?" Bobby Cragsa: ''That depends. Whei Aunt Sarahl's here ilia says I take after her folk and whent Uncle James Craggs is here Insa says I'm a regular Craggs. They're both rich." Irrepressible in Every Way.-B.: " aiy dear boy, hoew did you manage to cut your face like that ?"' J. Well, you see, I can't stand a barber's chatter so I Ihired a dumnb one to come in and shave sIe cvery morsning." B.: " And he didn't know how to shave-el ?" J. " Oh, yes; lie could shavre all righlt, but he persisted in talking to me on hsis fin gers all the while :" Not Overwhielmed by the Honor. A Scotch hotelkeeper, at whose house Teinnyson had stayed, was asked: "'Do you ken who you had wi' you t'othier niighlt?"' '"Na," was the Itotelkeeper's reply; " but hlie was a pleesant shentle ismani." " It was Tennyson, the poet I" "As' wha' smay lie be?" "'Oh, hlie's a writer of verses, sich as ye see i' the papers !"' "Noo, to thinsk o' that ! Jeest a pooblic writer, and I gied him ma best bedroom !" Cloth and Brush. - A venerable and pom:pous bishop was having Ihis portrait Ipainted, and, after sittsing for an hour in silence, thoughit hlo wsould break the mionotonly. " ITIwv nre you getting along ?" Ihe eniiquired. To his astonish mient the artist, absorbed in his work, re plied: " Move your head a little to the right and shut your mIoutlh." Not being accustomed to such a foriss of address, his lordshlip asked : "'May I ask you why you address ise in that manner ?" The artist, still absorbed in his work, said: " I want to take a little oil' your cheek." Sausages for Tea.-An old lady en gaged a newv servant girl, who came from Irelanid. (on the tirst day of her service the miistress went to the railway station in the afternoon to mieet some friends who were coming to tea. As she left she calecd to Mary, the new girl, and told her they would have sausages for tea. \When the time rause she set the table. The company assembled and sat down. Tsile mistress told Mary to bring in the sausages. Mary replied: "If ye plaze, ma'am, I've brought them in; they are in the t'yp;t." " In the teapot !" ex claimed the mistress. " Whatever have you done ?" " Well, if ye plaze, ma'am, ye said ye would hlars sausages for tay." Shte had "isifussedh the sausages in the teapot. 