Cbe Clink or the Gold. Twenty-nine years ago the only existing Australian life office enjoyed what was practically a monopoly of the business throughout Australasia. The conditions of assurance in those days were such as would not now be tolerated, and even then they were justly regarded as extremely harassing and unfair. As a protest against these oppressive restrictions a number of prominent gentlemen in Sydney met together at the invitation of Mr. Robert Thomson (the well-known actuary), and determined to establish the Mutual Life Association of Australasia, a life office whose policies should be entirely indefeasible from date of issue. On May 28, 1869, a prospectus was issued for circulation, and the necessary guarantee fund having been raised by the issue of 49 original single premium policies, the young society entered upon active work, and at the close of the first year reported 290 completed proposals for sums amounting to £115,471. The first investigation report was made in 1874 by Professor Pell and Mr. H. S. Hawkins, F.I.A. The former's report concluded as follows :—" The Association is in a perfectly secure position, and with every prospect of a successful career. Its progress during the first five years has never, 1 believe, been surpassed by any society founded on a similar basis." Mr. Hawkins' closing sentence was—"Very few societies have been enabled in so short a time honestly to show that they were in as good a position." The assurances in force amounted to £427,000, producing an annual revenue of £14,173, and at this time a noteworthy appointment was that of the present principal medical officer, Dr. (now the Hon.) H. N. MacLaurin. In 1876 the "limit " of risk, which had been £1,000, was increased to £2,000, and a branch office was opened in New Zealand. Two years later in consequence of the rapid increase of business more office space was necessary, and premises were leased and afterwards purchased for the principal office at the corner of George and Wynyard-street, Sydney. This site has now upon it the magnificent pile of buildings which is amongst the finest specimens of Australasian architecture. In 18S0 the association extended its operations to Queensland, and the following year to Victoria. It now had over 200 local agencies throughout Australasia. The thirteenth report recorded continued prosperity in every direction ; but the death of the Hon. S. D. Gordon, M.L.C., was announced with great regret. Mr. Gordon's services as chairman for the first 13 years of the association's history had contributed much to the association's success, and he was its first policy holder. Further extensions were made in 1884, office premises having been purchased in the principal New Zealand towns. A branch office had also been established in Adelaide, and at the present time the association's building in Grenfell-street is one of the architectural ornaments of the city. The local directors are Sir John Downer, Dr. E. C. Striling, Mr. R. Smith, and Dr. C. E. Todd. On the 1st January, 1883, the association adopted a system of non-forfeiture regulations by which policies are kept in force as long as the surrender value is sufficient to cover one quarter's premium and interest, a form of liberality which, doubtless, has in many cases been highly appreciated, but which, on the other hand has lent encouragement to those who are careless or indifferent about maintaining their assurances. A later form of protection, by which the policy becomes " fully paid up " for a commensurate amount, is more thorough in its benefits and is gradually supplanting the former provision. The last investigation, as at 31st December, 1894 showed a surplus of over £101,000 equalling reversionary £211,000. It was also shown that the asso- ciation had received in premiums since its inception £2,019,210, disbursed to members or their representatives £862,254, and still holds as invested funds, £1,048,985, of which £172,725 remained immediately available for its members. Branches are now thoroughly established in all the colonies aiid throughout the United Kingdom, and the limit of assurance has reached £5,000. The growth of the Mutual Life has been a gradual development, unaccompanied by any sensational " spurts," but strongly marked by the steady progress and stability which characterised the building up of the grand old British offices. A great deal of its present prosperity is due to the fact that the management has consistently adhered to sound actuarial principles. which have received the approval of the highest authorities ; and also to many liberal practices which have distinguished the Mutual Life as a pioneer in life assurance reform. Its record of claims paid is unique, and is worthy of reproduction here. Fifty per cent, are paid on the very day the documents are produced, or within 4S hours thereafter ; 48 per cent, within one week ; 2 per cent, within 14 days, none beyond a fortnight. Since 1894 the funds have grown to £1,230,000, the revenue being £215,000, and when it is considered that the association at the close of next year, valuing its affairs on a per cent, basis, is certain to again declare a splendid surplus, every credit must be given to the able management which has built up this the second oldest Australian life office. The photographs of the Chairman of Directors, Mr. Samuel Dickinson, and the general manager, Mr. J. C. Remington, are printed herewith. Mr. Dickinson was elected to the Board in August, 1874, and in 1890 was promoted to the chairmanship, which position he has held ever since. His other chief commercial engagements in Sydney are. Deputy Chairman of the Australian Gas Light Co., Director of the United Insurance Fire Co., Director of the'Sydney Stock Exchange, and of the North Coast S. N. Co. Mr. J. C. Remington became Secretary to the Mutual Life Association on the '23rd June, 1873, and has uninterruptedly guided its affairs ever since. A comparative view of the growth of the M.L.A. during his regime is as follows :— June,-lS73. June, 1S9S. Policies in force ... 330,000 4,580,000 Total Income 10,140 215,000 Funds 12,772 1,230,000 Payments to policy holders 6,470 1,220,000 Mr. Remington may take pride in these figures, but THE CRITIC specially congratulates him upon his unswerving administration of the true principles of Mutual Life Assurance The accounts and publications of the association he controls have always been of the clearest and most conscientious description. Ine vitably reflecting the principles and character of its Chief, the association, wherever it is known, bears an enviable reputation for straightforward honest dealing with both its members and its competitors. Mr. Remington is not only an able, but is a popular administrator, as evidenced at the luncheon, in Sydney the other day given to celebrate the 25th anniversary of his appointment, when he was the recipient of a most enthusiastic expression of appreciation from every member of the staff. In addition to filling high office in the masonic body in New South Wales, he took an active part in the volunteer movement, and after commanding the Garrison Batteries of Artillery for some years retired in 1893 on his rank of Lieut. Colonel. Reported that T. K. Bennett, Limited, Melb., doing better now than it has for a long time past. Unfortunately the conditions of trade are not too favorable ; stock very high in price, and the quality of cattle still inferior. These conditions are likely to continue for a few months yet, but the general outlook is much more hopeful, Directors are sparing no effort to pull the co. through its troubles, and the details of the business were never so closely looked after as at present. London movement to arrange for cold storage for Australian meat is corning slowly, but if the surplus of the coming season is to be provided for it must be hastened. The crux of the trade, the whole cold storage of Great Britain is practically in London, and a million carcases is the most that centre could store. All the great provincial cities are without storage of any kind, and consequently there is no way of bringing the trade to them. It was pressed upon the Vic. Govt, twelve months ago that with an expenditure of £50,000 in a few great towns such as Manchester, Glasgow, and Cardiff the trade could be made secure. What is needed is a means by which the retail trade can be fostered, and this can only be done by allowing the small buyer to buy as he requires Anything else give the recurring glut and scarcity which kills the business. A further movement is to constitute a London committee to fix prices for butter and fruit. At one time there was a butter committee, but it was wiped out by the jealousy of the Vic. Dairymen's Association. The quality of butter now in Vic. is quite uniform, and a fixed price weekly is quite possible. With a record year in butter shipments pending the results will be disastrous unless prices are controlled at the other end. N.Z. Trust and Loan co. has reduced its working ex.'s to nearly one half what they were in the days of its gross extravagance. Although the chairman asserts no call is likely to be made to redeem the debentures, Australian authorities are equally positive that the co. will have to do so to J relieve itself of the heavy liability thus represented. More falling on each other's necks ! The "Hon. ,r W. H. Wilcox and Mayor Tucker have joined purses to run a new mining paper, to "be called the Adelaide Bulletin. If Tucker lets himself loose in cold type there will be some fun. Apropos of the Great Western (Tas.) railway which Home, Bakewell and VV. H. Palmer are trying to plug poor old Bull with, it is said that it will roughly cost £700,000 to lay down. Palmer to a Lond. interviewer: —"Directly the line is built and the electric works are equipped, leaving all future developments out of the reckoning, I take it that the net results from all . sources should produce a larger revenue than any other investment in the Australian colonies. The value of the land itself, owing to the mineral discoveries already made, excluding its timber and surface potentialities, it is impossible to approximately estimate the magnitude of " The "wild cat" Lake Dora field is one of the potential mining fields discovered. Potential, indeed ! Britishers should ask Palmer to name the value of those discoveries. Also he proudly whoops, "The entire scheme, viewed as a going concern, would not be over-capitalised at more millions than I care to suggest." Great ghost! the blazing impudence of the man ! Sir Chaffey Baker had better promptly chain Palmer up, for if he continues to skite in that strain Bull will get beastly suspicious of their unloading game. Gossiped that the brainy young men who " devilled ' r for the more brainy law advocate only cut £500 a year each out of the firm, while the big gun raked in £3,000 annually. Even in these dull times there are profits in the law. Melb. Weekly Times coming W.A. special number goes to press with £1,600 worth of W.A. advts., according to the orders. Messrs. Meyrick & South, of Port Pirie, have knocked their two eyes into one and now turn out a first-class Recorder. Meyrick is regarded as rather Conservative and South as a Single Taxer, but so long as the former looks after the editing, and the latter after the business, thev are not likely to fall out. Haw ! Harold Maurice Berkeley Saint-Ruth is now running the West Australian Review, once " boomer " Calvert's rag. Mr. Ruth's hurried exit from Fremantle—leaving many sorrowing friends—will be well remembered by 'Tothersiders. Astonishing how these bounders fall on their feet. The half- yearly Customs returns for Broken Hill just published again bring into prominence the peculiar position the Silver City bears to South Australia. What a market the field is for S.A. For the six months ending June 1 imports from the adjoining colony totalled in value £410,982. This is altogether distinct from the reintroduced goods from Sydney, valued at another £63,091, from which S.A. profited in railway freight, wharfage dues, and so on. A few of the import items:—Butter, £14,000; drapery, £11,000; hay and chaff, £14,000; flour, £17,000; wearing apparel, £15,000 ; eggs, £5,000; ale, £3,000 ; potatoes, £8,000; vegetables, £5,000. Then, in the matter of exports, the figures reached £732,485. Of course, the bulk of this was ores ; but horses and cattle, sheep, skins, wool, &c.;, gave a nice cheque into the Customs. These figures are about the strongest argument for federation that could be put forward. All sorts of schemes are in the air to assist the producer. All rubbish, of course, for if a farmer can afford to take the odds of a wheat gamble let him do so, and if he cannot let him sell when he has a fair market offer. . Wheat is neither butter or wool. It jumps anyhow, and all th« liairbrained schemes won't stop it from jumping. Just fancy a proposal to store all the Vic. wheat in a common store to be sold at the will of a directorate and the proceeds divided. It is moat excellent fooling this business. Photo, bit Creel man, Sudnev., MR. S. DICKENSON,\ Mutual Life Chairman of Directors. MR. H. REMINGTON, Mutual Life Gen. Manager. 