THE LOYEB-'S QUEST. -i .....i. By ERNEST GRANVILLE, Author -of "The Lost Heiress," "The Fosslcker," "A lair Colonist," "The Golden Rock," &c.; ; CHAPTER XXVIII.— (Continued.) Still, the place was silent as the grave. Even tho old baboon had moved away, and yet they he sitated to approach the mound and the rack heaps in the light ol day. But when the shadows crept across from side they stole from their hiding- place, going along the;.old water-courso that led up by tbo trees, and presently, treading stealthily they came 16 the 'mound.. The lower base of it was buttressed with creeping plants so inter woven that it was Impossible to force an entrance. Thoy circled it twice, listening In vain for any. sound, nnd then went further up to find a yawn ing pit by each pile of stones. The nlglit breeze Bighed mournfully out of the holes, but thoro came no other noise, and in tbo pitch darkness, their spirits were douressed. For n long tlmo they stood leaning oil their rifles, trying in vain to pierce the gloom, and listening Intently. "My word!" Bald Hans. "This is a slegte place. It is here where spooks come." . riWhcrq did you flttd the ring, old man? Tell the truth." "I find him up there, my bans. It Is true, al- m'ngtig, Jri." . . "Then they must have gone further"' i'MaVbo. No man would stay liore, yet what said tho sign on the rock? Nothing of any place beyond. The rook lies not. Wo lmve found the place and the ring. What say, if they have gpuo underground, like the baboon?" "Men are not jackals. They must breathe, and we can bear .nothing. They have gouo on. We should have looked for spoor, when there was light. She dropped that ring to guide us In case we followed, aud we have rooled away our chance." "Well, sleur. It Is bail, but' wo must wait till sup up. I saw from below n green mark against the rocks near where we first stood. There is water where there Is green. Hans must drink and sleep." . . . They went up, picking tkolr way, the old hunter going straight, by some Instinct or animal gift of smell, to an oozy track of ground up against the ridge. By scoopjng a hole lu the soft ground they found water to quench their thirst, thon sought tho shelter of a rock, where I-Ians sooti slept, while Miles sat with arms clasped round his knees, staring helplessly before him;" He' thought of all lie had gone through, and it seemed as it tho greater part of his llfo had been spent ln-a weary search. lie thought, too, of his brief love-mak ing, and his heart went sick at the blunder be bad made in leaving the house that night of the fight, and at the unknown peril in which she was now, among these meu. There could be no torture lllce that lid endured, rind with d dumb appeal to hea ven foe rose up to move restlessly to and fro, going at each turn further from the sleeping man, pit- 111 at last, lured by some veal or Imaginary sound, ho went off down .towards the mound.- Half-way there struck on his earn de.bp-drawn. qu'lvorliig, sigh, tho echo of a hungry lion, .grumbling far away. He stood In tho darkness waiting for a. full minute, nnd thon heard the sound again, followed- by the hollow boom of the deep-throated roar that told the lion wns In tho valley, and had struck off the scent of game. . , Ho kept on his way to the mouud. with .no thought that tho lion . could ho on his spoor, and with eyes fixed on'tlie dark mass of foliage against the stars nearly blundered Into a : holo. Some stones, disturbed rattled down, -and ill an Instant out of the pit pame the Hash of a rllle, the inuflled report. He sprang back, and sfod trembling at his discovery, while from fhe pit there came the Bound of someone moving, and from tho stillness beyond a low- menaclug growl. At the same time, for a singlo Instant, ho thought he caught out of the dark blurr of tbo wooded mound, tlie ghost of a light. Then he thought of Huns, and wont swiftly hue softly hack to warn him, lest the old man, alarmed, should cry out; but the wary old hunter met him on the way, signifying his preseuqe by a hiss. "Did the baas shout?" "No." "My Gott! Their they are hero." " - "Yes; In the pit; and I thought I saw .a light oil the mound." - "Did the baas shoot?" "I don't know. I think they were watching for the lion." A low growl broke on their whispered talk, arid tlie two instinctively raised their rifles, while they peered Into the darkness. "We must not shoot," said Miles. There waB another growl, half-moaii. "Ho is qule, bnns, he will spring. See, here is a holo near, quick, this way!" ' ' As tlicy looked towards the holo they heard tho fierce brute move. ".lump, buns!" Together they turned, and leapt down Into the dark hole, nnd ns tliey struck the ground they heard the lion siillllng ubovo them— thoy wore al most deafened by Ills roar of rage nnd disap pointment. A rush of wind struck tliem In the face, nnd n hasty scramble carried tliem Into a I tunnel, where they stood to pull themselves to gether. The lion si 111 stood on the brink of tho pit. They could see Ills form outlined against the sky, and caught the green glint or his eves ns ho sank Ills great head down over the. rim. He offered a tempting mark, nnd with difficulty they refrained, but tlicra was more dangerous game nfcot, and they must needs go warily. Tlie tunnel they were in. the abandoned drive of the old gold hunters, might lead to the passage which concealed Stoffnl. Presently Ihey picked their way along, feeling with feet, and hands, their bodies bent to pass the low vault, one ear as It were turned back, to catch any sound from the lion, the other advanced to detect danger ahead. But the drive merely connected one pit with another, and very soon they stepped out Into the next hide, the brilliant stars breaking on I limn wllli the force or a sudden surprise after the Intense gloom of the confined passage. "It Is a Jackal's hole," muttered Mans, In dis til St. "We must ollirib out and try another." "Allovurel! The lccuw waits for us on top, and the men down below. If we stay liere there Is no food nor water. Mafootle, tills time we have our logs in tbo trap." Miles groped round the hole and came upou the ...outh of another passage, half-choked with brambles. Ho thrust tho barrel of bis rlfld through, to reel if the way were clear, and finding room, ln?gun to pull at. tlie thorns. "My Gutt," rrit'il Huns, in a thrilling wlrisp-Pj "the lccuw follow!" . Miles turned his head to listen, and above tlio deep breathing of bis companion heard a low, siuun<l from Hie drive they had left. _ . i "Thiu wav." lie said, guiding Jluns to the- bole then hhnaelf M niggled through, leavn.g torn, shreds of his shirt, on the hooked thorns. J ho place was low, and lliey had to creep, spurred oa by a nerve-shaking growl, (hut. suunded as if tlielfl grim pursuer was tit their heels. "Quicker," said Miles, shoving the muzzle Intd Hans, "lie will have me hy the legs." "Here is another pit," whispered Hans, and covered with dust ami perspiration, and almost stifled, they stood up to recover breath. "Lot us stick him when he comes out. ) ou take the sword, baas, and J will use the knltc tlie Aiah gave me." .... They both felt it was holler to face the brute than to go through the terror of anot.hu flight, and tliev stood waiting, one on each side of tlie mouth of the drive, their weapons gleaming in tboLr bands. CHAPTER XXIX. In that position they stood for sonto minutes, when a slight sound caused tlicin to look up, and there, standing as beforo tliem on tbo brinlc of the hole, was tho pursuer, looking down on tliem. He was so near that by reaching up Allies could linvo touched one paw, tlie booked claws of which projected over the brink. With a iow, fierce cry, he stood back and struck full at the square licnd. Tbo blade rang on tbo bone, and tlie lion nt the pain of tho blow sprang straight into tho air, alighting with a heavy thud on tho opposite side. As ho alighted, tliev heard tho sharp crack of a rllle, followed by. the' sound or voices. Then came the roar of tho enraged beast, the sound or Ills heavy cliargo in the direction of the shot, and a confused mur mur of shouting. Miles still stood, after he had made ills des perate blow, the sword held out before him, and his eyes starlug up at the sky. Hans look the blade from him aud felt tbo edge, wlileb was completely turned. "Tbo baas sees red," bo said in a whisper, with a curious look at bis master. Miles dropped his eyes and drew n deep breath and laughed. "What is the meaning of it?" be asked, "t thought tbora was a liuu above us about to spring." "Hear him!" ns a sound rolled as IT out of tbo ground. "He chases the other men. He Is now fighting mad, from the pain of tlie sword cut, rind it is bis blood or theirs. Better so tbau ours." "Good heavens, mail, he may kill her! Which .Is tlio, way?". "The. sound comes out of the ground.. When the liori hunts underground there will be bories broken: Hero is tlio' way, and there is a smell of (abaic. Yo! for tho jackal's track!" Into nnother tunilol they dived, plunging on rogardless of noise; for there was uproar enough ahead to drown everything. "Wio been jlj," suddenly sounded a deep voico In challenge, punctured by the click of the ham mer. . \- Hans brought Ills gun to his hip and fired Into the blackness, and both ho and bis master flung . themselves flat, while their heads rang to the thunder of the report. There came a scorch ing flash, an angrier roll, and the little man squirmed forward on his stomach, and with a yell drove his knife Into something soft. "Oh, I-Ioer! Oh, Heerl" A mournful, heart rending cry, that stirred Miles to his heart. "Hy os dood,""eaid Hans, after a horrible pauses "You must, crawl over him." Allies went forward, groping blindly. His hand fell' on a bearded face, and be felt the huge body, shudder under him, as he passed quietly over. "This ls rigly work, Hans; work for brutes;" bo muttered, sick with horror. ' "Sob," said Hans. "The man cs dood, and ho is burled. Tlio .firo from his gun did burn. , Yo£ for tlio jackal's path and the lion that hunts men, -and wo who hunt them both. Hero is yet anothea hole." Into another pit they passed, tho one from which tho dead man had fired at the lion, and from tho further opening thero came an awful sound of growling. ' "I like not to enter," said Ilans, drawing hack. Allies was panting yet from the hasty scrambla through the drives, and they stood a few mo ments. And It was well thoy paused, for pre- .seutly they heard the noise increase. "Ho comes buck," cried Haii3.'- "Not in there," said Allies, indicating tha opening they had just oraerged from, and they climbed out, finding the mass of trees just ahead, A woman's scream rang out from the dark mass, and a light gleamed for a second. , "My Gott!" yelled the old hunter at;the soupd. Allies sprang forward and dashed towards tho mound. He was stopped by tlie impenetrable wall of matter creepers, but lifted Hans up to his shoulders, till tho old man grasped u' bough, and held on. "Pass the strap of your riflo over the hough." This was done, and Allies, catching the stock of the gun, drew himself up till he could find a hold. They scrambled up as, behind them, broke tho angry roar of tho lion, followed by tho shout ing of men and the crack of rifles. : , Together they tumbled to tho , ground, and, parting the ierives, ran ,up a clear space to; where a light gleamed. There were two women hero, one apparently asleep, the other standing be- noath a swinging lantern. Her eyes were wild with terror, and sho stood with one hand at her bosom, the other spread rihovo the prostrate figure as if Iri protection. As tlie two men came into tlio light, she gava one wild ory, seized Miles by the hand, pressed It to her bosnm, snatched the lamp, then with a 'sobbing laugh pulled him away down tho slope to wlioro a holo yawned In tho ground. A huge stone lay near. She pointed at it, nnd while; he looked at lior nmazod, she struggled fiercely to move It. Then he saw,' and putting all , his strength to tho work, heaved it square over tba bole. She put tbo llgbt out, and they cliirihed' tha mound to where I-luns sat, digging his knife bluda Into tbo ground to muke it clean. "Well, my master, we have come to the end of the patl). Eh! and tbero Is no turning, noltbeil can we go back." "Be quiet and wait. I have blocked the hols that opens from the underground way. and it semns all the men are outside." "Oh ay, thoy still hunt the leeuw, and from his cry they have bit him hard. But whenitbat is done, they will come, here." "Can't we' get out before tbey come? , Alahel,' he whispered,. going down on bis. knees, "Mabel, awako; I am here." , But there was no movement, neither the sound of breathing, (To be continued.) 