Kisliop Chalmers in Wagga. A CHURCH l'UK NORTH WAdlJA. CONFIRMATION SERVIGH A'J' ST. JOHN'S. THIS preseut itinerary of the Right. Rev. Dr. Chalmers, Bishop of Goniburn, through bin extenaive and important dioeeso has attached to it more than usual interest on account of his Lordship's recent visit to the old country, where lie attended the great gathering of Anglican bishops at Lambeth Palace and also witnessed the Queen's Record Roign celebrations. Dr. Chalmer.'? is always welcomed in any part of hi* dioecse not only by reason of the natural feeling of allection entertained for him by the membor.s of the Anglican communion, lmt because of his practical and ready co operati-m with the people in any movement for the advancement of the interests of the church. His visit to Wagga on this occa sion lias been a busy one. On Friday even ing, as already stated, he held a long eon mutation with !Sl. John's Vestry upon parish matters, when many subjects of detail interest wero discussed aud con sidered. On Saturday morning the Bishop, who waa accompanied by the Vicar, Rev. G. A. Carver, and Mr. C. J. Allen, proceeded to North Wagga, where a meeting wna held to eonnidcr ways and means for the erection oE a church there. The meeting was held at the residence of Mr. W idling, and tlio Bishop presided, Eleven o'clock waa tim hour fixed for the meeting and although the time was inconvenient there were present;-Rev. G. A. Carver, Mr. C. J", Allen, Messrs. G. W. Commins, J. Hayes, Robt. Hurst, Wulfing, Mcsdaincs Clarke, Jus. Clarke, King and Flnuaghaiu A grant for the .purpose of aiding in i!io erection of churches in the dioccse had been obtained by Dr. Chalmers in England from the Society for tho Propagation of the Gospel and his Lordship explained to the meeting tho conditions upon which thai grant would be available. Ho had decided that to meet tho grant it would be ncccs* nary for £S0 U> bo collected locally. The meeting decided that steps should be taken to fulfil the conditions of the grant ami to 1 proceed with the oreetion of u ehureh. In the room the sum of £10 was subscribed. I In addition, Mr. G. \V. Conunius ottered an I urou of land situated in a central part as a site for the-church. It was decided to form a sub-committee, consisting of tho Rev. G. A. Carver, aud Messrs. G. \V. Commins ami J. Hayes, to obtain plans and specification?! and that the erection of tho building should be commeuced as soon as possible. On Sunday the services at St. Johns' were attended by largo congregations. In the morning tho Vicar, assisted by Mr. C. .I. Alltn, olliciated, and his .Lordship the Bishop preached, taking for his text the words " Put ye on the Lord Jesus Christ," Romans, 13th chapter, Mth verse. Tho address dealt mainly with the coming of our Lord, the day being Advent Sunday. In the aftcrnoou the rite of confirmation was celebrated by the Bishop and tho solemn ami impressive service was attended by HO large a congregation that many were unable to find scats and mauy others could not obtain admittance. There wore 72 candidates for confirmation, of whom 52 had been prepared by the Vicar, while 20 had been instructed by Mr. Allen. Among the candidates were some from Lake Albert, Brucedale, Pine Gully, aud Uninquinty. The Bishop delivered a short and appro priate address based on Kphesiaus 4th ehaptcr 30th verse "And grieve not the Holy Spirit of God, whorebv ye are scaled unto the day of redemption. His Lordship pointed out to the candidates the solemnity of the occasion when they wero taking upon themselves- the responsibilities and obligations assumed for them at their baptism by their spongers ami urjjed upon them to be mindful of this occasion as a guide to them through their,future live. In the evening there was ajjain a very large congregation. The Bishop again preached, his text beiug Malachi, 3rd chap* ternnd part of the 1st verse. - "The Lord, whom yc seek, shall suddenly come to his temple." The musical portion of the service was admirably carried out by the ehoir,, under the direction t«f Mr. ? F; C-. Burry, the organi&t; At Urn confirmation service the hymn " Come Holy Ghost," after an inter val of silent prayely was taken up softly by the ehoir ami sung most impressively. At the evening service there were twpanthoms. The first was I)r. Sir John Staiuer's " Who are These arrayed ni White ?" iii which the solo was sung by Miss Bccsou, and during the otVertory the same celebrated composer's "lam Alpha and Omega" was sung, Mrs. W. 11. F. Eaton taking the solo. In addi tion to the usual Advent hymns, the final hyiuu was 41 Hock of Ages" set to an arrangement by Mr. .Burry, of Lhe famous tunc 41 Rosseau's Dream " aud it was most artistically rondcrcd by the full choir aud the congregation. After the services the Bishop expressed to Mr. Burry and the choirhis great gratification and pleasure at the choral,portion of tho services, which had been so excellently rendered. 