CONFIRMATION AT MACLEAN. On Sunday, after mass, his Lordship Bishop Boyle examined CO children for Confirmation. After a few words to them on the glories of their Faith, he administered the Sacrament. The boys, wearing red ribbon and Confirma- tion medals, occupied front seats ; girls in white dresses, veils and wreaths, sat behind. The ceremony was very impressive ; Rev. Fathers Kiely and Colgan assisted his Lordship. After catechising the candidates, bis Lord- ship congratulated' their instructors for bringing about such marked proficiency, and also complimented the boys and girls for their promptitude in replying. He addressed them,'and spoke of the goodness of God, to whom everything on earth belonged. In olden times people were not taught to regard their possessions as their sole property ; but, according to the laws of Moses, a certain portion had to be offered to God as a sacrifice,- In,the same way that good people observed those sacrifices, so good Catholics attended to the holy sacrifice of the mass. All should attend when not lawfully excused. They had six days wherein to work, but the seventh should be given to God. It was specially impressed upon the candidates as a great privilege to attend the holy sacrifice of the mass. There was . the rosary, benediction, and other services to which they were invited1, but the first act of religion was to attend holy mass. The children should not forget that, nor yet the fact that they, too, later on would have to carry on the work of the Church and religion. Those outside the Catholic Church had not the blessed sacrifices referred to, having cast aside the privileges over 400 years ago. ? Numbers of honest men were returning though, and many more were striving to get back to the religion that had stood the shock of ages, and for which their forefathers had been sorely tried. He then illustrated how some good Catholics valued the holy sacrifice of the mass ; but others, again grumbled at having to walk two miles. The candidates were enjoined to remember always " where there's a will there's a way." The priests, like other men, were meek, frail and sinful ; yet rightly ordained, they were set apart to offer up the sacrifice of the mass. He reminded them of Christ's own promise to be with us till the end of the world. That day should be remembered as the brightest of their lives ; they should never forget the resolutions then made. They, would yet be sorely tempted, but they must - make up their minds to remain firm, determined, and carry on the work their fathers did. He then impressed upon the candidates that they were living upon a vaBt continent, the future United States of Australia. The success of this nation depended upon the good conduct of its members, and he desired the candidates to become good citizens. Ours would not be a credit to the other nations of the world, though, unless built upon Christianity, with an acknowledge- ment of the power of Almighty God. When the children before him that day grew up they would have to observe a twofold duty first to God, and then to their country. They should act the part of good citizens, showing loyalty and fidelity to their Government. He enioined them to observe Confession and Holy Communion, and thus grow up a credit to their parents as well as society. The great danger to. society at the present time was the Indifferent person, who feared only the law and the policeman. He then referred to the Pentecost, the occasion of the timid Apostles receiving power from the Holy Ghost to teach and preach. 