THE LIGHT THAT CAST K0 ' SHADOW ! Curious stories are told about the hohuib j)O8sessed by certain natives of lndin, who lived up among the Himalaya mountains. 9'he*e old men, ii is isaid. bavc devoted scores iif years to the study of natural laws and forces, tvbicli the reft of Hie world knows iiotbing about. Lately a German pi-ofesser visiBted the ' adepts.' as th-se queer Hindus are called, for the purpose of finding out the secret of their remarkable pcifortn HUIW, AIJC) LI151LCU II1U1 1UIUC1 OLUMUJi but interested him ail the same. One (lay ^he professor wanted to cxnminc some Buciciit Sanskrit manuscripts. An ndu went with him to a cave wherein tho liocks were kept. Theplace was dark as the bottom of a well. ' 1 can't see to read, hero/' said the visitor. ' 'Then we wiU lmvcBoioi; light,1' was the reply, and immediately (the professor sajO n soft, pearly light brightened the cave. He could not tell whence it came, but hu iioiicedthal it had oue strange quality — it tmt not (he sliglitfBt fltadoir . This is a e tory hard to ljclieve, yet its truth is affirmed by a mmiof vast learning anil biirli character, aud you who now lead it have nu reason for doubt except that all the lights you have teen have cast fcbadows. llelief nr unbelief commenly runs parallel wiHi one's -iwn experience, fir. Johnson sniffed at tliu account of the Lisbon carth-quakc, yet credited the tnlc of the Cock !.ane ghost. A man who has been ill for years, and failed to find a cure, is sccptinl when friends tell him of a medicine which they believe will make him well. What else but doubt could result form his experience? Take an I'snmplc: — ?' In the spring of 1BSS,' writes our corres pondent., ' I fell into n low, weak and languid state. I left low-spirited anil out of sorts. At first my stomach was deranged, my appetite poor, aud after eating I had paiu and weight at the cbest. i was much troubled with wind aud frequently spal up a sour fluid, alto bitter bile. Later on 1 stiff med from uervousueis great depression of spirits. I kept up with my work, but hnd al w.iys a sense of discomfort. Of!' ami on 1 continued iu this way for two vears, nothing that 1 took relieviii!! me. At Inst 1 heard of Mother SeijicIV Svrup, aud pnrcurcl a sup ply. Aftti 1 had tateu only h few .lutes J found relief: my food digested, aud gradually all nervousness left me. Although 1 had no reason at fust to feel any confidence in this medicine, uever having usrf it or seen it used. X now gladly admit its value, aud its power over disease. Since my recovery, for whiili I thank Mother Sciyel's Curative -.vrup. 1 bavc been in the best of health aud spirits, lu the interests «,f suffering Immunity 1 deem in a duty to send you this lestiniouy. (.Signed) J-. Griflirhs, tailor and outfitter. 151, Hoo.klcy Hill. UiraiDgUnm, Juuc 8th, 1893.' There in a deal of difference beween Mr. Griilii.ir candkl lcdcrnnd flic -tory about the light that east no sliaaow. The jailer may be true euongli. but it, cannot. '»« veined without more trouble than it is worth. On (he other lianii we have a trustworthy wimos who will answer lelli- is 'I inquiry, and can'.lic found al h\\- mldru-s. Kiually, there is nothing mv-tii- or magic al about Mother Hegel's Curative Syrup. It acts on flic theory that most nilim-uts arc but symptom', form*, or plia-.- of I hat universal disease— indigmiioii ;md dyspepsia: it cures that, and throws llielit'lil of health and happiness over lieaitb* andhoma- wlicio illni..' and pain liad east tueh dark and ipriil'yiug shadows, -iud that i? why people believe all tliat is told of its iucce*- hy eager witnesses. 