LOCAL MD GENERAL The Executive Council of the Exhibition have decided to apply for a publican's license at an early date. A faint reflection from the big blaze at Kalgoorlie laBt night was discernible from the top of the Coolgardie Fire Brigade tower. Our Kalgoorlie correspondent wired last night:—The jury at the inquest on the man, Fitzhenry, burned to death last week, returned a verdict of accidental death. The friends of Mr, E. Davenport Cleland will be very sorry to hear of the sad bereavement he has sustained in the death of Mrs Cleland, who died at Burnside, near Adelaide, at noon on Monday. Mr Cleland heard before starting for Adelaide for his annual holiday that Mrs Cleland was dangerously ill, and when he arrived on December 21 she was unconscious. Yesterday she passed quietly and painlessly away. Tbefact that only one 'drunk' was.presented at the Police Court yesterday morning shows what a very orderly crowd it was that thronged the streets on Saturday night, Sunday, and Monday . Of course many of those wandering about were more or less "'under the influence'; but the course followed by the police was to lock up none but those .jvho were disorderly or using obscene language. ~ His Excellency the Governor recently notified his intention of making & tour tonnd the goldfields early next year, and said that it would be of a similarly exhaustive character to that which he made of the agri - cultural districts. He anticipates that he will leave Perth about the second week in February, and he will travel round all the outlying ones, The trip will occupy two or three months, and His Excellency will be accompanied by one or two mining experts. Yesterday was practically a holiday, all the banks and public offices, being closed Many of those who visited Coolgardie on Monday for the purpose of attending the Westral Cycle Meeting remained in the town during yester^y, so that the streets presented an animated appearance. Business will assume its normal proportions to-day. The extremely hot weather which prevailed during the holidays caused a great run on the local swimming bat^p. During the last four days a sum of over ££t> was collected at the gates. Half this amount was taken on Monday, when 400 persons, including many of the visitors, patronised the establishment, • The Indian representative of the.Coolgardie Exhibition (Mr Shiriey Tremearne) has written stating chat he is doing his best to get together an exhibit representative of the tea industry of the country. He mentions, however, that tea merchants are not doing vjery well just now and require a great deal of coaxing. A suggestion which should meet with the approval of the Commissioners is that free afternoon tea should be dispensed from a -stall as an advertisement for the exhibitors. Mr Tremearne further states that) he has had inquiries from people willing to exhibit chutney, and he truBts. to do some business. The prizes won at the Westral Cycle Meet ing on Monday were paid over yesterday, morning at the Club HoteL The cheques having been signed for by the successful riders, a short toast list was honored. The healths drunk were :—' The Winners,' 'The Losers,' 4 The Becreation Beserva Committee, 9 " 'The Secretary and Assistant-Secretary (Messrs Townley and • Puray)' and 4 The Chairman (Cr J. F. Moore.)' The tone of the remarks of the speakers was one of hearty congratulation of the committee for having promoted Buch a thoroughly successful meeting, and of perfect good feeling between the many riders, winners, and losers alike It was announced - that the committee had cleared a sum-of about £811 by the meeting. A statement that next..year prize money amounting to £300 ' would probably be offered was loudly cheered. Not the smallest gainers by the Westral Cycle Meeting were the publicans of the town. Several of them have shown their appreciation of the enterprise .of the Becreation Reserve Committee by donating sums) varioiiB amounts to the funds ot that body, and promises of subscriptions towards next year's meeting-have also been made. Including the donations received yesterday, a profit of about £325 was made on the day's sports by the committee. This is the weather when a dip in the baths ft greatly appreciated, but bathers should be careful of carrying that delightful operation of ' ducking' others to undue lengths. On Boxing Day one young man, through getting too much of a ' ducking' from his sportive companions, became thoroughly exhausted, and very nearly ' gave up the ghost,' seeing which another young man- named Jack Biordan dived into the water and quickly landed him in safety. He was, however, half-drowned and unconscious but after Mr Fullerton, the manager, with the assistance of others in the baths, had ad ministered the usual course for the resuscitation of the apparently drowned, he recovered, and beyond having a superabundance of th briny fluid in his internal economy he was very little the worse for his misadventure. turned out afterwards that one of his mates had forced him under the water no less than 14 times without allowing him time to breathe properly. There is certainly no ham in a little fun while battling, but uch a variety , of horse play as that menioned above is highly reprehensible; as on ome future occasion it might, lead to very A notice to the Exhibition choir appears in our advertising columns. A meeting of shareholders in the King Solomon South Goldminiog Company will be held in Einde's Chambers at 8 o'clock tonight. In consequence of the holidays the COOL- OABDIE PIONEER will not be issued till tomorrow. The feature of the edition will be the recountal of all the holiday doings, in. eluding a full report of the Westral Cycle meeting. Our Boulder correspondent wired last nightAt tbe Boulder the police loafeed on the Christmas carryings on with a friendly eye and the only case this morning was one of possession of liquor with intent to sell. The lady pleaded guilty, and the stuff was confiscated. Altogether, the police record^a very orderly time. J. Beck, the cyclist who bad a fall in the Five-mile Scratch Bace on Monday, and who was afterwards admitted. fco o theGovernment Hospital, was reported by Dr LeBchen yesterday to be out of danger. His injuries were chiefly confined to the back of the head, where his scalp was scraped to the t one. Fortunately there was no coccnssion of the brain, and after his admission to the hospital Beck was at no time unconscious. He will in all probability be able to leave the .institution in A lew days. The half- yearly, meeting of the Hope of Coolgardie Tent of the Independent Order of Rechabites was held in the Temperance Hall last evening, when there was a fair attendance of members. The following offiaeis were elected for the ensuing term : C,R. BroA. Beamont; D.B., Bro,A. E. Whitfield; secretary, Bro G. Burchill (re-elected); treasurer, Bro T Sykes (re-elected) ; steward, Bro F, E. Gundry (re-elected) ; levice, Bro E. W. Murray; guard, Bro E. M. Silvester ; P.C.B., Bro A, Bead. A vote of thanks was passed to the retiring officers. On Monday afternoon, at about 5 o'clock, a disturbance which might easily have been attended with very serious consequences occurred near the Grand Hotel. Froia what we can gather, ic would appear that an Englishman and an Italian had a dispute, and after a while words led to blows. In the encounter which ensued the Englishman had the advantage, and was giving his opponent a thrashing, seeing which, four or five other Italians who were standing near interfered on behalf of their compatriot. This naturally jarred with the instincts of„fair play ingrained in the British character, and a number of .Englishmen ' took a hand,' with the object of protecting their countryman. A rough-and-tumble fight then took place, in the course of which one of the Italians used an open pocket-knife. A member of the opposing body received stabs in the neck and over the eye. Eventually, however, the Italians were routed, and chased over the flat in front of the Grand Hotel into Bayleystreet, where they mixed with the crowd,and the row came to an end. Unfortunately, most ot the members of the police force were on duty at thg time at the -Recreation Beserve, and the affair, which did not last many minutes, was all oyer before any of them could be brought to the scene. We understand that the police are making inquiries with the object of apprehending the parties. In another column there appears an announcement regarding a grand" military entertainment to take place at the Cremorne Theatre on Saturday, January 7ch. The principal item will be a lecture, ia-^vhreh the" thrilling and absorbing story of the Zulu War of 1879 will be recounted by Mr E. Flynn, who served in the camoaign with the" 17th Lancers ('The Death or Glory Boys'). The awful disasteriatlshlandhwana,the magnificent defence of Borke's Drift, the battleB of Loblane Mountain, Kamoula, Olundi (where the 17th Lancers delivered u qrjuhing charge on the evening), and other notable fights will be described ; also the death and recovery of the body of the Prince Imperial. The lecture will be brightened by amusing anecdotes and supplemented by stirring martial songB, duets, recitations.4cc, by some of Coolgardie's most talented vocalists and elocutionists. The. entertainment will be an entirely novel one, and is certain to prove highly interesting. A strong committee to carry out the arrangements has been formed of which the Warden is chairman, Dr Swanston hon treasurer, and Mr W. Robertson hon secretary. Tommy Britton put up a bit of a record on Boxing Day, when he served up no less than 1,200 meals to his patrons at the Melbourne Cafd. He intends to give another Christmas dinner to-day—of poultry, Ac—for the benefit of those of his customers who havebeen away. Not so very long ago, on the occasion of a dinner at the Savoy Hotel, Mr Phil Mav made a little drawing on the menu taxi which the hostess promptly claimed as a souvenir of the evening. As usual, Phil k ne w a number of people at the tables near and the card was passed to them, and eventually went round until it feli into the hands of an American lady, who beggedfor its possession As Jt had already been given to the artist's hostess, the lady was informed that this was impossible. Not to be baulked, she took a £10 note from her purse and asked the waiter to convey it to'Mr May with i request for a duplicate of the 'drawing When the message was delivered to him he received it 'in the beat of humor, and, turn ing over the bank note, did a charming little drawing on the back of it, and returned it to the lady, with his very best complimenfa, _ ' Success.' ' The Dundee Museum has been so fortunate as to acquire, or rather to be presented wfrtf a very interesting old steam engine ft £ one of the best examples of Watt's work and indeed experts declare it t 0 be Rfar^iS - inferior to that in the South KensS? Museum. It is a steam conden^g rated at 20-horse power, and S f B S curious points. Made by the famous lZf Boulton and Watt, Birmingham it wLi for a long time in Newcastle. In 1797 it IJt purchased secondhand, and taken to Scot land. Latterly it auuuu found us its way wav fn ti,,. Douglas Bieachfield. near Dundee/but o i to the state of trade the worfa C ° S closed and the machinery is being gold Tht relief the old inventor, Watt, has been purchased by a number of local eentlpm™ and the engine will find a rest/nf the excellent museum of which Daudee?* 8 the fortunate possessor. The abdication of Prince Victor Nannie as heir to the Imperial Throne of FranS favor of his orotber, Prince Louis, who is twn years his junior, has been hailed withdPlf J£f by^ the French Boyalists. PrircrVic gv abdication was, it is said, forced by the Empress Eugenie and her Bonapartfst friends, Victor was never ' a man of acti™ • Louis, on the other hand, has won C into thefavor of the Czar', and a high type. He has a pleasine n eMn r, D L and has many Napoleonic tSts thT L 7 ' absent from the character ot h£ brother. Prince Louis was born in Chateau of Meudon, on July 16 1864 t } was educated for service in the French H hnf but after ofto-r his father ^ iUUCP France he entered the arm? 0¥ £ r Resigning his commission in that June, 1889, he travelled for sifmoJKnd m the followme December he TntJr^i' Jt Bussian Army as lieut,nI n tSS in S dragoon regiment of the King of W„ll f t e Urff at Nijgi Novgorod. SoSe tim P ^ T 