ROUND-ABOUT NOTES. By " The Casuai.." It really appears as if those thirsty souls who sneak in by the back doors of hotels on Sundays for a surrepti tious long beer or a nobbier of Barton blend will in' the near future be obliged to go in by the front door at stated hours for their modest re freshers. Mr. Copeland last week obtained leave to introduce a bill to regulate and restrict Sunday trading, which will provide for the hotels to be opened at certain Jiours on the Sab bath. Now, if this bill becomes law, the obtaining of drink on Sundays will be robbed of half its pleasure. There is always a charm about doing things in defiance of the law, and surreptitious beers, like stolen kisses, are always the sweetest. And I may state right here that this electorate is supposed to be in favor of the Sunday opening of hotels, for Mr. Barton both spoke and voted in favor of the mea sure — which fact must, be pleasing news indeed to those strict temper ance advocates in this district who worked so hard to secure Mr. Barton's return. With regard to the proposal I offer no opinion — it does not affect rue. But the present administration of the Licensing Act with regard to Sunday trading is a howling farce. I am sure most of the hotel- keepers would like to see the Act en forced strictly all round— a publican is but human and would welcome a day of rest just as heartily as any other business man, provided his trade was not injured thereby. Owing to the supineness of the administrators of the law, a publican who would gladly lock up his bar from Saturday night until Monday morning is obliged to keep his back door slightly ajar for Belf-protection — if he did not do so bis rival across the street would catch All his customers. There would be no need to resort to such tactics if the law was properly carried out. The advocates for Sunday opening argue that a law which has not the support of public opinion at its back is worse than useless and should be abrogated. Now, that is all fudge. Only a small section of the community patronise the hotels on a Sunday, and if some people do not obey this law, that is no reason why we should go to the other extreme and abolish the law alto gether. The same argument could be applied to burglarly and petty thieving. Public opinion amongst burglars and pilferers is very antag onistic to the law which prescribes imprisonment for these crimes, but that is no reason why the law should be expunged from the Statute book. . Our old friend " The Vagrant," in the Northern Courier, thus Holds forth on Macleay politics : — " What price politics now ? Before the recent Macleay election the prevailing epi demic was measles ; now its tuber culosis. It is said that a leading Kempsey butcher wrapped up some tough steak in a " Clarion Call" supplement, and that it poisoned a whole lot of the electors. Kempsey politics are something like the bridge cylinders, got no solid bottom. If the poor sorrowful War Cry don't shed enough cry for the community, they will always, anyway, have plenty of water round those "weeping willows." But what's the matter with the Mayor ? He could represent the honor and dignity of the Council, by presiding at a Salvation meeting, and giving 'em a whole quid, but he couldn't sight the Premier 1 He is better able to dodge eggs than George is, anyhow." a o o Before he married he was fond of gay company, and loved to look upon the wine when it was red and was in clined to linger around the shrine of BP— HBZ— a— ItmilllHWHWII IBM— g— M Bacchus until the small hours. But his wife objected, and he, being a good, obedient sort of a chump, was kept him in check for a considerable time. At last he hit upon a brilliant plan. He had a scientific bent in his mind, and said to his better-three- quarters : " My dear, nobody can learn all there is worth knowing in this lifetime, and a man ought never to assume that his education is finish ed. I'm going to keep right ahead with mine, I'm going to study astronomy." His wife looked at him for a moment, and then in a cool, hard tone, exclaimed : " Thomas, you'll have to think up some better excuse than that for stay iug out all night." o o My readers have probably perused many snake yarns, ghost stories, and fish tales j all more or less true. Now, an old resident of the Clarence comes along with the following, which may be classed as the first " corn yarn." The banks of these northern rivers beat creation for maize-producing. In the early days of the Clarence the returns were phenomenal, and the stories relating . thereto no less won derful. I remember two old hands once conversing on the subject, when one said to the other, " Do you know when Brushgrove was first opened up the settlers used to get enormous yields of corn ; so rich was the land that sometimes they took off 150 bushels and more to the acre, and then they sold the corn stalks afterwards as pos.ts for fencing." "Yes," said old-timer No. 2, " I recollect it very well, for I used to mortice the holes in those posts ! " . There is a tale told of an eccentric old Justice of Peace, before whom a citizen had prosecuted his daughter's lover for ejecting him from his own parlor on the Sunday previous, and who solemnly| decided as follows : — iMiwawnarw— " It appears that this young fellar was courtin' the plaintiff's gal in plaintiff's parlor, and that plaintiff intruded, and was put out by defend ant. Courtin' is a public necessity and must not be interrupted. There fore the law will hold that a parent has no legal right in a room where courtin' is afoot, and so the defendant is discharged, and plaintiff must pay costs." > r- ' The manner in which the Yankee scribe illustrates the benefits which follow in the wake of judicious adver tising is unique. Take, for example, this appeal of a Florida editor : — " A family in Florida lost their little boy, and advertised for him in our columns. That very afternoon an alligator crawled out of the swamp, and died on the front door step. In his stomach was found a handful of red hair, some bone buttons, a glass marble, a pair of. check pants, and a paper collar. The advertisement did it!" 