CHAPTER LVI.-A STAInTLING REQUEST. It seeined to all at lairrler Post that :the stories they had heard of open win ters in that vicinity were false ones, for so far there had been several blizzards and half-a dozenisnowstorms, and if the "whole wintry season wasato be like that the' settlers would lose all their cattle, and the stock at the fort suffer terribly. To guaird against some days when the snow would cover the ground,.there had been brought to Barrier Post a waggon train of provender f&r; heises, and they had cultivated enough land to lay aside as much more; while the:meadow. had also been pressed in, and a good hay crop thus secured. - But.all this would go by January If thle snowstorms. contlinued, and the cattle had to be fed, and it would be the sane way with the settlers and the stage-line stock. Some of the late settlers had not had time *to plant and. harvest a:crop,' and they would.bethe worst sufferers. The old scouts told how in their mem ory:there had never been such a winter, and'said thait only an occasional snow storm was the way it generally .was. They predicted also that, if the-winter continued as it had begun, the Indians :waold not only'lose all their:ponies and the ;cattle they- had stolen;, but that-the tribes would' suffer terrbly, and, many oft tiid ied skins would die of cold and bupger. As t if Nature was determined to show "inan how ilt could battle against him, . Surgeon Powell found, upon leaving the colonel's quarters, after his resolve to go on a trail of rescue, that another storm was threatening. He was not discouraged, however, and, 'going'to his quarters, at once'sent for Spurs. The negro came-a tall, broad-shoul dered, wiry man, who was known to possess phenomenal strength, and-plucl as well. He was universally popular in the garrison. He saluted the doctor, and, having been a soldier's servant for so long, waited at attention to be spoken to. "Well, Spurs, we start to-morrow night on the trail of the lost ones." "'Thank Heaven for that news!" ejac ulated Spurs, fervently. "Keep it' to yourself, and make your preparatlons quietly." "Yes, sir." "I shall take three of my best horses, one of Cody's, and one of your master's. while we must go prepared for a siege," "We will, sir." "One of the horses will carry our bed aing, rubber blankets, and a canvas shelter, with extra weapons and ammu I-ntion, which we may need." "I understand, sir." "Another horse will carry supplies for a'ir weeks' campaign-say, for five-a v'pade, shovel, axe and hatchet, and a gamp outfit." "Yes, sir; it is well to go well fixed." 27 "It is, Spurs-forre do dnot ,?o.wn hat may turn up, and a .aro.e i - well suo plied.'" . . SSpurs smiled; asif lie were .aare of that fact, knowingthe'doctor, who con tinued: "You will wanty?r w?gbtest clothing, stoml- coat, and 5ferproof; and carry nn extra outfit alor with your master's in case he should lre given his to some poor Lo. See,'te that.Chief Cody is not forgotten. : Tthird ,horse will carry only food for:he animals-a little corn, is much weigt of oats as he' can stand," and some st-w rolled tight.'" "I understand, slo: nd I'll have all ready when you sa. "We'll start to-ue"row night, just as the bugle sounds llts out" " "I'll be ready, sir: "And, Spurs, I'll lak to the medicines and a bottle or two f good brandy, and don't you. forget totake a number of pine knots to kindl( fire quickly, and a couple of lanterns' "Yes, sir," and ha'lng jotted down all that was to be cirrtd, the.faithful ser vant anil friend of icutenant Seaford went away to ptep.re fdr the perilous work, before him. The next mornlngthe-Surgeon Scout had just breakfastec when the colonel's orderly appeared antasked hini.to come at once to the commtndant's quarters. It had snowed all dght, but had ceas ed then, leaving thi ground around a foot deep. Arriving at hadquatters Surgeon Powell found the eolof i allrng to Ethel OWillis, and Ihe handid to, him -a letter with the-words: , , "Our ghostly lettet.carrier was here aigain last night and this was found by the guard this morning stuck upon the .tockade gate, andfl~at Is more, It was linned there with thii." ."It is Seaford's knit, sir." "Yes, for we all knots' the knife, as it was a present to him from a. hardware hlouse. nd made expressly for him, and has his name on it. It pinned the enve lope to the stockade." - ,Dr. Powell took thtaenvelope, which was addressed-to himi and said:. "If. the Surgeon Scdut daird follow the Ghost Guide of the Itouritalins he will render a deed of mnert, andnmay a.ld in the rescue of ColonielCo'f and Lieuten ant Seaford. The Ghlat Gu!de will loolf for him at midnight Ins camp at Beacon flock. THE GHOST." CHAPTER LVII.--ATBEACON ROCK. Having read the strange communica tion, Surgeon Powell handed it in silence to Colonel Ferris. lie in turn read it, and said: "This is a strange cetiest, certainl.' "Yes, sir." "May I show it to Etel?" "Certainly, sir." -. "And what will y0 do'?-'asked the colonel of the doctor; tshe"lhanded.the strange communicatoitito Ethel. .. "I shall go, sir: of.course. 'wlth your permission, Colonel Frric-" "With a soldier gua'd, yeas "Did you read thelpostscrlpt, Doctor Powell?" asked Ethel 'I did not, MIss Ethel, for I do not -think I saw any." It is in pencil, and rfds:. "This engagement with Surgeon Powell will not be keli unless he comes unaccompanied by solilers or scouts." SAh, that looks like i traP,:Powell."' "No, colonel; ghosts to not like crowds I've been told," answetrd Doctor Powell swith a smile; and ther added: "Then I must go alone." "It says soldiers or5 scouts, Doctor Powell, so that does ilt mean alone. You can certainly hay'Spura, accom pany you, as you intetded," Ethel as sumed. "Thank you, Miss Ethel.. for helping me out. I suppose I,an go as origin ally intended, with Sptrs." "I am glad of that,' the colonel re marked; and then Ethl,'who had been looking attentively at',he.strange com munication, said: "Uncle, this is not ri ten n a femi nine hand.":' "I'll trust you for gettl at the bot tom of facts, Ethel;': an the colonel took the letter; and glhn ng at it, con tinued: "You are right." Bfraxtn, if t" iiistac?T eott HIa?Ve yod not that: list he wrte hut' for the trader?". .- " :. mThe colonel looked aitle list, but it had been returned to the post trader. The orderly was sent fir 'it, and he re turned, with the remrar that.the paper could not be .found .. - : - 'Well, some day I ooi all'the s.myS aeries -will be. cleared ?.," ", the cdolonel ,aid, and Frank Powell,- ded: - :. " "It-may be that thene ution is near at hand, colonel. But I ntit start earlier than I had Intended;.to each the Beacon Rock by midnight, forilnls something over thirty miles-from I e,.and it will be rough ridfng."'. "When can you get ol "After an early supper sJr ; for -the horses and packs 8pun ris all ready." • "I shall let it be thou4lh that you are going to the settlement ' id'the colonel and Ethel warmly graP1 the gallant surgeon's hand, and.sisled hilt God speed upon his niste and'danger ous mission to keep tJ appointment with a ghost. When lihe left. hedqparters Ethel looked up some warm aLifers and sent them, with a few othr ;omforts, over to -him .to carry .wiltlhm, and" while the- sun was an hou )gh. they - saw hlin ride out of the st Iae; Spurs fol lowing, and the th ee 1-laden pack horses in lead. : The officers and ment an idea that Surgeon Powellwas aoJh on one of his perilous expiedltions, amany a warm clasp of the hand he hi as he rode to wards the stockade gat~nany a fervent wish for success frorthe men, with whom he was a gret Tavorite, whlle Spurs was by no mearf rgotten. "Rescue Colonel Cod and Lieutenant Seaford, Spurs, and rill make -the President appoint ._ Minister tio HaYti.," said Lieutenal mory, and he added, '"I only wish I 'igoing; bu it's Ia cold day, and I gotft." Out of:the fort, ov s trackless I snow, following only: minemory of-a trail, went the Surgee cdut add the faithful Spurs, and bn Ithour before sthe sun set behlnd a b. of threatening elouds.tlihey had drotI the tall staff Sand its warning colotout of sight far behind them. "The storm is not ttr,. Spurs: so we will push on as fast .we can and try to get-into camp ear-' S"Yes, sir." - • "There is a sheltercatmp at Beacon Rock, a good spring, 'Jplenty of wood, while the horses -wll& well protected I n tIe-thick pine timI.' continued the Surgeon Scout;-.and.1et a pace that was more rapid, fol' clouds- were Squickly shutting out' lk'. , It was an-hour befd Inight and in a heavy snowstorm - the unening guide rode in under titer of ieacon SRock. Tue surgeon hastl It a fire, while SSpurs unsaddled the 1 s and led them Into the shelter of th ass, whelre they were blanketed warm Spurs soon set to getting sup. per, while the Surg' &out; shovelled awany thle snow for avfs shelter to be spread. "Supper is ready, ' called out Spurs; and, somethliti ushlg him to look round, he utter' cry of tlrrol; for there, Just withltl glare of the firelight, was the wlt aorse and hIis Sshrouded rider! - The appointment a con Rok hIad been kept by tlhe Surn Scout and the ghost. - - 