WEEPIXG FERRY. BY MARGARET L. WOODS. Author of " A Village Tragedy."' "The Vagabond," "Wild Justice;" " Esther Vanhomrigh," &c.;, &c.; CHAPTER I. Bessie was the youngest and handsomest of Mrs. Vyne's handsome children. She liked dairy-work, and bad a coo] hand for butter, so her mother had kept her at home. Mr. Filkins, the grocer at Church Milton, rented the Manor and the pastures appertaining to it, and put in his brother-in-law, or rather his brother-m-law's wife, to manage the dairy. He sold the produce at his shop, to which the "gentry for miles round sent for their butter and cheese. So there was plenty for Bessie to do at home; she ^was content to stay there, and her mother more- than content to keep her. Elizabeth Vyne loved her children, especially Jim and Bessie, with the subdued passion of a strong, reserved nature which Has found no other emotional outlet. Her busband she accepted without complaint, though she was sometimes heard to remark in a cold, abstract kind of way that a woman who could earn a good living for herself and went and got married, W&B; such a silly that sheceserved it. She had been in Squire Meade's service for ten years before she had married his groom, handsome young Thomas Vyne, and for two years after that she had managed their dairy farm. But. Thomas bad turned out badly. He drank and gambled, and finally embezzled his master's money, to spend it.on a girl in the neighbouring village. After this the Meades had been unable to keep the couple in their Bervice, but they had been faithful f riends to Elizabeth during the bad years when her husband had been constantly out of place and she had been encumbered with the bearing and rearing of children. Without their timely aid the youngest child would have been born in the workhouse, and the family possessions irretrievably scattered. When Elizabeth had been set free to work, things had gradually mended. During "the ten ye^rs they had lived at Old Milton Thomas had been lazy, but not particularly ill-behaved. A perception of tbe fact that his living depended on his wife may have had something to do with his comparative reformation. Mrs. Meade's youngest child was three months older than Elizabeth's. It was a son and heir, the more valued because preceded by five daughters. They called him Geoffrey. Now, when Geoffrey was twenty-two, and had spent three pleasant years at Oxford, it happened that he came to Old Milton to expiate their idlenoss by a long vacation of reading with Mr. Dangerfield, the Rector. It was an event in Elizabeth's monotonous life when her "little missus," as she still called Mrs. Maade, came to the Manor to take rooms there for Geoffrey and his young friend Owen Smith, and to commend "Master Geoffrey" to the faithful Elizabeth's particular care. There was little or nothing for the young men to do-except read. A few phlegmatic fish lie in the deep pool at Weeping Ferry, just above the Manor,^and on summer evenings one or two of the good burgesses of Church Milton may generally be seen standing motionless on the river bank, rod in hand, till the twilight falls. , Neither Geoffrey nor his friend cared for this kind of sport.'' He was not indifferent to the beauties of Nature. He spoke of the mountains in Scotland, where his father sometimes took a shooting, as " ripping good scenery," but from Weeping Ferry he wrote home that the river was a fraud and the country hideous. Yet the broad valley, spreading fiat between its low boundaries, has a charm and beauty of its owntbe charm of hushed solitude, the beauty of a great expanse of sky, which lends an infinite changefulness of colour to the wide pastures, where the flocks feed, and tbe river winding through them, to the pale plumage of the willows and heavy masses of the elms, broken by sharp up-springing spires of poplars. Here and there out of some group of trees a homestead or a Church tower pushes roof and wall of grey stone, pearl-grey as the light clouds on the distant horizon. Ydt, despite these hints of human life, all is profoundly solitary. The cattle may stand all day in the water looking at their own reflections, undisturbed by a passing boat. By July the river is overgrown by the great woody stalks aud wide umbels of water parsley, and fringed with floating beds of forget-me- nots, rosy thickets of loosestrife, and ranks of tall spear-headed reeds. It was at this season that Geoffrey Meade first saw it and pronounced it "a fraud." "Vet he and hiu friend canoed upon it, and for the rest read, bicycled, attended occasional tennis partieB, and took tbe dullness of the world good-humonredly. When Mrs. Meade visited Old Milton it Was not only to see the Rector; it was also to Bee his daughters. She and the Squire had no desire to see their treasured son and- heir entgaged at twenty-two to some penniless girl from a country parsonage. Her inspection of the three elder Mies Dangerfields was reassuring; and Tryphena was too young to oount. The three girls were not only plain, but to a stranger indistinguishable from each other; though each in her secret soul was conscious of some personal point in which she had much the advantage of her sisters. Moreover, they were dull, and well satisfied with themselves because they were Dangerfields and near cousins of tbe present Lord Riversham. It was therefore with a mind quite free from matrimonial anxieties on her son's behalf that Mrs. Meade engaged rooms at Weeping Ferry. She did not happen to see Bessie Vyne, nor would it have troubled her to know that the girl was handsome. For though Geoffrey gave himself up to the enjoyment of living more than his'teachers could approve, his enjoyment was of the healthy outdoor sort, and no one could be less inclined to dally, with maidens of low degree. So he and Owen Smith came to tbe Manor, They were on excellent terms with the Vynes, and doubtless admired.Bessie; but their admiration was not enthusiastic, and she was a sensible and also a proud girl, without any desire to attract their attention. So for a month or more all went on smoothly and monotonously at the Manor. Then, on the same day in August, both Owen Smith and Mrs. Vyne' found thepiselves obliged to go away; he to his own home and she to a bed in Riverham Hospital. CHAPTER II. That morning old Catherine was hoeing her patch of garden. Her little knotty handB and thin arms, where the veins showed black through the withered Gkin, had far more strength left in tbem than could have been supposed. But she hoed slofrly, and often stopped to blink her colourless eyes in tbe sunshine, which fell with a pleasant warmth on the damp little garden, surrounded by willows, and glittered on tbe mingled silver and yellow of her hair. Old Catherine lived in the grey, tower-like Round House at Weeping Ferry. One tail poplar whispers above it, and about it the distorted willows lean this way and that. She had onoa a son who waB lock-keeper Jbere, but about l&e; time of his-death a railway company bought up the canal which joins tbe river at this point, in order to destroy its traffic, and the luck is almost disused. The water trickles through tbe chinks in the gates, and great burdocks press against them a luxuriance of broad green leaves and massive spikes of pinkish-purpla blossoms. Yet the gates are solid enough to serve aB a footbridge over the canal to the meadows and the Vyne's house. The name of Weeping Ferry is very old; older than the tall spire or Church Milton, which has looked far and wide over the valley for five hundred years. Only wide conjecture finds in it a record of forgotten f ar-off things, And fights fought long ago. The Ferry is haunted, and on winter evenings the villagers prefer to pass it in twos and threes on their way home from market along the raised causeway which runs straight across the water-meadows from the town- The river here divides into two branches. The' main one curves away to the right, in the direction of the town; across tbe other a punt runs on a double rope, connecting the causeway with the tow-path of tbe canal. It is not only on account of the ghost that the villagers call Weeping Ferry "an unked place." Fewpersons in Old Milton would-have confessed to a fear of being " overlooked;" nevertheless it was sometimes Said, and oftener hinted, that folks Old Catherine took against did not prosper. She was sixty and already nearly stone deaf when she came to Weeping Ferrv. People said that thirty years earlier Catherine, in fine clothes and yellow ringlets, bad been seen driving about the country in the bad Squire Tanfield's landau. But it was not this dim and doubtful memory that placed a barrier betwesn her and her neighbours. Chiefly, no doubt, it was her affliction, her difficulty in apprehending them, still more her own harsh, confused, unmodulated speech, which Eeemed to have lost its human tone. Besides this, something solitary, cynical, and domineering in her temper contributed to give her a sinister reputation. Elizabeth Vyne was her only friend. Elizabeth had once saved ber life by nursing her through a severe illness. After this Catherine used to come' to the Manor once a week to do odd jobs, for - which she would never receive payment in money though she received it. in other ways. She had . a jealous lov e for Elizabeth, which she did not extend to her children, least of all to BeBsie, her favourite daughter. Old Catherine's eyes were as good as her hearing was defective, and as she leant on her hoe and looked along the causeway she saw Elizabeth coming a long way off. She wondered what had taken Mrs. Vyne to town when it was not a market day. Elizabeth pulled herself across the ferry wearily, and then turned aside to speak to Catherine in her garden. This she not unusually did, but today she had something special to say. Catherine understood her and she Catherine better than any one else. Catherine paused in her hosing and followed with her eyes the movement «f Elizabeth's lips. ' '-You remember ^henoclient I*hiid?nitti i the miikpails a while ago?" asked Elizabeth, after tbe first trreetiiigs. Catherine nodded. " Well, the doctor he do say I must go into the hospital at onest—into hospital." Catherine shook her bead. " You—stop—at—'ome," she croaked. "Doctor says, no—hospital,"shouted Elizabeth. The pinched white nostrils of the old woman's delicate little nose became still more pinched with scorn. "Doctors! Aye, doctors have got to get their living the same as otber folks, but -if I was you I'd leave them to terrify the gentry." If it was only Dr. Bates I wouldn't take so much notice," returned Elizabeth, answering the expression rather than the words, only a few of which she could distinguish. "It ain't one day in ten he's sober. But it was Dr. Thompson, and every one do seem to put faith in he." Catherine was leaning her chin on the top of her hoe. She lifted it just enough to give her jaws full play, and repeated with hoarse distinctness:— • ' 'You—stop—at—'ome." ' And what would become of us all if I was to lose my 'caith and strength?" asked Eliza, beth, "Listen, Catherine. Iwantyoutogo to the Manor every day while I'm " away to help Bessie. Aunt Filkins will be there, but she"makes more work than she does. Auut Filkins and one young gentleman and Bessie. Do you understand?" Catherine laughed a suppressed internal laugh that was not pleasant to hear. She put her face up as close as she could to Elizabeth's and a lifted forefinger besides, to emphasise what she had to say. Then she poured out jumbled sounds quickly in a low hoarse voice, making a kind of fog utterance, from which only a few words emerged harsh and toneless. 'Bessie—pretty girl—gentleman. I know gentlemen—don't you trust:'—gentlemen send girls to the devil—to th* devil. I know gentlemen." Elizabeth listened at first in mere bewilderment. Then she understood, and burst into indignant asservations of Bessie's steadiness and Mr. Geoffrey's unimpeachable 1 conduct; which, indeed, might be. expected of }iim, seeing he was own son to Squire Meade and her old missus. The old woman watched Elizabeth, scraping her cbin on the top of the boeJ While she listened thus after-her manner, a smile of the profonndest cynicism just lifted her withered Hps and glittered in the reoesseB of her pale-coloured eyes. "I—know—^-gentlemen," she croaked again. " What a cure you be, Catherine, to be sure!" exclaimed Elizabeth impatiently, and added to herself as she turned to go, " I declare ihe do get quite childish. It's no use to try and explain anything to her." Mrs. Vyne continued her homeward way. When she bad crossed the lock she looked back, and saw Catherine make a gesture to arrest her. ' The oldtwoman threw down the hoe on which she bad - been leaning, and ran across the garden with a swiftness extraordinary in one of lies age. With the same weird agility she mounted on to the narrow gangway behind the lock gates, and stood there smiling down at Elizabeth, her wild streamers of hair burning orange in. the sun against a cool bread th of shadow on a willow behind her. "All right, Mra. Vyne," she said with laboured distinctness, pointing a skinny finger towards the Manor, "You leave 'er to me— leave'er to me." : l . ' (To be continued to-morrow.) 