THE IB/Oirr OP TATE. Boys flying Idles haul inthelr white winged birds ; ■ -■ - You can't do" > thafeway when you're . - flying wtfejis. ''■.c _ - \ : "Careful with fire" is good advice, we know; \ "CwreM with words" iB - ten. times ; . doubly 'so. . Thoughts unexpressed may .sometimes fall back dead ;* ' But God Himself ^an't kill them when .. '• said v. \- " - • ■■■■"•• >-• IF EVERYONE wppld read, mark, learn, and inwardly digest the ^poet's words quoted above.the world would be a very different place, and a great many things that happen now would not happen. In such a caseMark Beresford, for instance, would not "have written tlie following letter ; or, having written it, would„ have wiped out Ms folly by. throwing .it into the Are: Since you have decided that things must be different there is only one course open to me, and that is to go away. If we are only to meet as frienids we had better not meet at all. I have arrangad to spend a month or two at BeechwoocL, and in the autumn I shall go abroad, and stay abroad till the spirit moves me to come home again. Heaven knows when that will be., But t "shall never forget you, EvMyn. When people love as you and I have done, they .don't forget. If you should ever change your mind, send for me, an^I wili come to you. I will be true to you as long as I live. I swear it by all that I hold sacred, and. by the memory of the past. But lie did write it, dashing it off on the impulse of the moment; and tfien, instead of throwing it into the fire as he ought to have doine, dispaitch ed it by special -messenger to the pretty frivolous wife of a well known sporting baronet. Being thoroughly persuaded that he "was a cruelly ill-used and bitterly dis appointed man, at .war with himself and all the world, Mark Beresford then rushed away from London in the lueight of the season, and; buried himself in the wilds of Be*=-chwood, a remote fish ing village oi& the West coast. The rector, an old Christchurch chum of his, gav£ him a warm welcome, and there He proceeded to fight his trouble according to his lights. In ether words, be did not fight it at all, but let it prey upoai his mind and eat into his heart, making hire reckless and cynical, and most unhappy. He thought that everything was over for him, and that life, with its hopes and fears and joys and sorrows, muld-touch him no more. He thought tfc*,r Ms heart was dead— at 30. But. he ought to have known better, for lie wa*> a man of the world. Three months later he had forgotten, all about that letter. A great deal can..happen in three months, and a great deal had happen ed ; so much thai the current of life was tamed into totally different chan nels. He found many things to think pf as he sauntered up and down the old-fashioned garden, at Beechwood rec tory, puffing away .at a eigar.with his bands thrust deep into his pockets and a, thoughtful frown, on .his handsome, reckless face. ' There was Cicely, tar instance— Cicely. . ■ _ At that point his. sober n^ditatkms broke off . abruptly, aiul his thoughts began torun riot. He could not think calmly oT'tlie girl who was: now the one wunnun in the \v~orld for him ; the girl whose beautiful face had touched some hitherto unwakened cord of pas sion and tenderness, within his breast, and taught him the vivid reality of such love aa he had never dreamed of. Cicely was not an ordinary woman, and the love that was born when lie and slie first looked into one another's eyes was not an ordinary love. They gave no thought to the past or the future; they cared for nothing but each other. All that they asked of Fate was that they might be together always, and they dreamed that Fate would grant their prayer. It was only a dream, of course, but humanity will have its dreams sometimes. They dreamed, their dream, for a time—then came the night that the" dream had been a prelude to. They had lingered so long on the cliffs that the sunny summer day was dead, and the evenikg had grown dark and cloudy. The sea stretched vast and fathomless beneath them, a seeth ing mass of sullen grey waters with lines of white cutting the dull expanse sharply. The wind wailed piteously, and the waves moaned as they beat upon the rock-boimd shore. The air pulsated with the throb of a coming £tcrm. "What a night," said Cicely, shiver ing a little. "Ob ! what a terrible night." Mark moved a step nearer. "It isn't much to boast of, is it?" he returned, with a smile. "But never mind the night, Cicely. It doesn't mat ter to us what it's like. We're to gether and that's all we care about, isn't it ?" He looked down at her, and his eyes softened. She made such a per fect picture as she stood there, a tall, slender, indolently graceful figure standing out in bold relief against the evening sky. One hand rested on the rugged grey rock that towered at her ride, the other was raised to shade her ryes from the fitful light; her face was turned seaward. Such a face— with its ivory skin, and chiselled feat ures, and weird gray eyes. . He had seen nothing like it in the world that lie had left. * "I feel so strangle,*' Cicely raid, "eo strange, and so afraid—terribly afraid of something. I don't know what. Of course, it is foolish to feel so while we are together, because wet have 90 often said that while we ars together nothing can touch us. And yet—and yet——" She broke off a sigh that sounded like a sot). "Nothing can touch us," Mark ech oed, passionately ; "nothing. Tou are mine and I am yours, and we belong to each other for ever." A wistful, uncertain loofc hashed in to her eyes, as they methls. ^ "I hope so," she said, slowly, "I hope so. If I thought itweranot so, if I thoB^-ohlMar& If I lost you I should lose everything. He sniJl^ ^aga^ri,' thoughi hie eyes grew grave and flooded with a puzzled kind of wonder. ; She was,so different from theotherwomen he hf^laMHtai, and her love w&j; so different. tooC me," he said, "silly child ! What nonseaise you talk, and I do believe you're eryin&l; What can be the matter with you to-night ?" He took out his handker chief and gent ly wiped awaythe tearsthat dimmed her eyes,, drawing her closer to him as h« did so. "There," he went oil, "that's better, isn't it ? I shall take yonhoane now.* It's gjsbtang cold." . ; fie drew her band through his arm and they turned away, together, bat as they moved forward Cicely caught sight of something lying onthe ground at their feet. V "What le this?" she said,stooping to pick it up. "Oh! it's a photograph. It must be yours, Mark; you must have pulled it out of your pocke^with your handkerchief. What a pretty woman! Who is she?" • Mark looked at the photograph in differently enough, but as he looked the Indifference vanished, and a startling change passed over his face. It was lite photograph of a woman whose very existence ho had almost forgotten. The face that smiled up at' him calm, serene and unconscious in itspictured loveliness was the face of Evelyn Mosre ton. He stood silenit and 6pell-bo«md, gazing at the face that, had flashed upon him like a ghost of thepast, while a bewildering flood of old-time mem ories rushed tumnltuously into Ms heart . And one memory stood oat from all others with terrible distinct ness; slowly before his eyesarose the vision, of words that his hknd had traced only three months ago: "But I shall never forget you, Evelyn. When people love as yon and I fiave done, tJiey don't forget. If you should ever change your mind send for me, and t will come to you. I will he true to you as long as I live. I swear it by all that I hold sacred, and by the memory of the past." If she should claim his oaih now, bow would he> keep it?. How had he kept It ? "What .a prestty woman;" Cicely eaid again. Still he did nor apswer, and she glanced up at- him. The look on his face made her shrink back appalled. "Mark !" she cried, "Mark!" He held out his hand. "Give me the photograph," he said hoarsely. She gave it to him without a word, and he tore it In two and flung the pieces far into the sea. "So much for that,*' he said with a short laugh, "Now, Cicely, let us go. We have stayed too long." But Cicely did not move. She stood 3 tot in front of him, with her hands clasped tightly together and her face eet in. rigid, inflexible lines. "You haven't answered ray ques tion," she said. "Who is that woman?" Mark frowned impatiently. "What does It matter who she is?" he said "She's a woman I used to know, that's all. I had almost forgot ten her existence, and I had quite for gotten that photograph. I wonder how on earth it got in this pocket! Come, dear, w^ro wasting time now ; let us go." But still Cicely , did not move. "Who is that woman?" shei ra 4>ea£ed. "Why won't you tell me?" And then at last Mark suddenly awoke to the gravity of the situation. An indefinable something in her tone struck him unpleasantly, and the look oil her face fillet! him with doubt and anxiety. "Why, Cicely," he exclaimed, "what Is It ? Surely yo<ui aren't troubling; about ifcait wretched thing. It was only the photograph of Lady Moreton, • a woman I used to know.. Come, dear, come" , He would have moved on, but she stopped him with a swift gesture. . *You can't deceive me, Mark," she Bald, in a low tone "I saw your face, Tliat was something more than the. photograph of a woman ybu used to know—it was the photograph of a Woman you used to love.'* Mark made no answer. He could not speak. Remorse and shame held him silent. "The photograph," Cicely repeated slowly, "of a wotaian you used to love— OC' whoflnywi-.love = :' y:v; jHefound biB void© then. • '1 love you/'h© said, "only yon. I ve nevfer loved any woman bjit you." She looked 'Mm with a; contemptthat ThfcL lent said, quietly. *1 is&w; your fefcet You loved that • woman. once*L iiear. ,3^ios«r." "No. no,"' fret-eried, passionately. "'She Is fUDthing^ ine.lass than noth ing Ifevershewas anything, that is ^ over a^ #ie If once I ^£fiLluclei|lher, I hate -her. ■ .now; 'It&t; the dead past bury Its desaja. ^011 love me.Hud!we e^ to^ether^ Wtet does the rest . He stretched out his hands to clasp hers, but she drew, back, and the look In hw eyes madfi hls heart sink like lead. ^ ' "Don't be childish," he urged fever ishly. *3 thougMyou were loo sen sible to trouble about such nonsense. ! I thought— Cicely, nyhydo^yott look .■ atnie likethait ?. Don't yiJu know that these old dead-and-gonefanclee count for tiatMngla a japan's life ? Doa't you know that most men go through scores of ordinary affairs before they meet the one woman whom they love and-—" ; \- She silenced him with an Imperious geE^iire.. ^ :-r • 1 have nothing! to do," she said coldly, "with what yon call ordinary affairs ;they don't concern me in the least But this was something more ■ than: th&L; You can't deceive me." He locked at her helplessly, and a deadly fear grew and tightened about his heart like thegrip of an icy hand. "If there is anything," he began, "that I ean «ay or do—" She interrupted him. ' "There Is one thing," sh4said, "and one only. Swear to me that that woman has no claim upon yon now, and. that there is no reason why she ehould oamte between, us. I am willing Jbo ignore the past, whatever ft may be. I only want to know that you are free . *-hoaoraMy free—in the spirit as well as ?in the letter, to love me now." V There was a pause. Her eyes were fixed on his face with painful inten ■0$:eatyt but he dared not meet their gaze. ' Once he made a step forward and open '* ed his lips to speak, but fell back again without uttering a word. He could not ' take that oath, even to win CiceJy. His oath to Lady Moreton lay between . them. "I only want to know," Cicely went do, "that the affair is really over and done with. I only want to know that you nre not bound in honor now. I only want to know—to know—Oh! Mark, I have loved and trusted you with all my heart The least you can do is ta tell me the truth." Mark bit his lips, and his face grew • white and stern, for her words cut . like a knife. He was not honorably firee and he kn«w it- How could he be When he had written those rash, reek-*, less words, and sealed them with an oath ? His was a complex nature, and his code of honor somewhat curious. If accident had not betrayed the truth to Cicely he would never have told it to her. He would have hidden his secret from her and guarded it with jealous care. He would have married her and reckoned with Evelyn Moraton as best he could. All that he would have, done and thought St no harm. But when it came to denying his oath in plain words* that was a different mat ter, and he could not do it. He could act a lie, but he could not tell cue. "Can you," Cicely asked, "tell me that yon are honorably free?" He faced her then with the courage ?.-\i * .of despair. , ; t , "I can't," lie said, hoarsely. "God / me, I can't." ■IsTh;>rv"'CleBlF'said nothing. She had no ^ sprees her feelings. She stood quite etill and looked at him ' u while all the light and life died out of her face, leaving It oold and pale and ^v^iigid asmarfcle. # .-..'J.'1 • "Listen to me," Mark went on, "and ; will--tell you the whole story. It ■f isn't so bad/after all, Cicely, upon my it isn't. Why heaps of men' do . far worse, and——" She interrupted him . v , ' .'M am not thinking of other men," •\";v:©he said. "What are they to me ? I '&isfa;':ftinbing..oS 'yon. '^V .• He - went on with feverish eager ness. " " " " "There's nothing that need make /any difference to us," hie urged. "It's a^qnssticm;of ar few rash words 'i&a; * pnwtee. Mr God! 1 ^ v ; what a fool I was In those days ! If omy I could undo the past, and But it's no good talking: about that." Cicely sighed wearily. "No good at all," she answered, "and as I said before, the past doesn't con cern me—only the present." / "Oh, well," said. Mark, "the present will be all right, and the future, too. if you behave sensibly Other women, wouldn't make a fuss about such a thing." "I am not," Cicely said, slowly, "thinking of othes: women. I am thinking: of myself." \- He gave her a keen uneasy glance. Even now he did not, could not, under stand her. '' * "I'll tell you the whole story," he said again. "I was going to tall you just now, but you interrupted me. Heaven knows 1 never meant you to hear it, but now " She pot up her hand. "Stop/* she cried. "I don't want to hear it. I won't hear it. Don't you understand—can't you understand —that nothing1 could make any differ ence now ? You are not honorably free, and the rest doesn't matter. I have my own code of honor, though I am only a woman, and women are not supposed to understand honor as men understand it. I have my own stand ard, too, and you are far below it. The past is past, and I care nothing about it, but the present is not past, and the future Is yet to come. There may be women in the world who could marry you knowing that you were not honorably free. I dare say there are, but I am not one of them." He went nearer and held out his anas to her. "Cicely," he cried. "Oh! Cicely." But she drew back shuddering:. "Everything is over between us," she said, heavily. "There is nothing left to say but good-bye.*' T-ctl minutes later, as Mark walked slowly up to the rectory, stumbling a little, like a man. in a dream, the rector met him at the door, with a telegram la his band . "This came, for you an hour ago," he said, "but I didn't know where you were, so I could not gend it to you." For a moment Mark gazed at his friend with a dazed uncomprehending expression, as if his thoughts were worlds away; then he pulled himself together with, an effort, and took the envelope held out to him. Ha opened it mechanically and. read the five words that it contained : "Sir John died last night." He stared blankly at the words, reading them over and over again, and they seemed to rise up and mock him. Then all at once he burst into laughter -so "wild and terrible that the rector put his hands to his ears and shud dered, ~ "Wbattett? becrlecl. "W&atfcas; happened, Beresford ? Are you mad V' But he received no answer, and that awful laughter still rang through the startled air. Mark was. laughing at the irony of Fate. That which three months ago he had desired .aliove all earthly things— to gain which he would have sinned unscrupulously and risked ail that he had, or ever hoped to have, in this world or ihe next—was new within his grasp. That for which he had longed so passionately had come to him. The prize was his; he had only to reach out his hand and take it. But like most things in this life it came a little too 1 ate. —London "Truth." 