'KALG9QBUE MOT AND LEGSS .IATIVE USSEiBlY Two incidents worthy of record happane-i ia«i,' week, which broke through tin daily m ai tony of the Legislative asylum for the treatment of the cacoeihes luquen fi. like a wejl heaved brick through a schoo wi dow. Oae was the presentation to Parliament of the' report of Vosper's Lepiwv and Chow Forger/ Committee ; the other was the ex humation of the corpse from the cemetery of obliv on where the- Supreme Court had s^ifibly buried it, of the Kalgooklie '-J ixer lib.l cafce. the rattliog of its bo:;es across the atmosphere of' the mouse, and the resurrec tion of a ghost likely to haunt uncomfortably those responsible for the reopening of its grave. In dealing with the latter, a state- , meut of occurrences alone. iVj permissible as \ the sanctity of every horsehair in the .Speaker's wig tremble in the balance. The theatrical, appurtenances oi the Assembly of ' FORTY-FOUJK WISE KOODLES,'' including the Speaker's gown, the stockings, buckled shoes, and' sartorial embetfi-hmenls that adorn the floorward portion of the .na toiny of the Sergeant-a*-Arms : the white glovisofthe bobby who guards with his hat a- d his dignity the bar of the House ; ihe gilded bauble at the foot or' the table whi:-h so far has escaped the fate of its^pro toty^e in f.he Victorian Assembly ; the hir sute top bumper that hides the plebian cocoanurs of the Clerk of Parliament and his mate, and gilds their noble physiognomies with a glory : borrowed from the medieval ages when a barbaric. display of gaudy gew gaws was the most effective means of im pressingthe edueauon-deprived masses ; kll these things, their sanctity and cignity, must be upheld at allcosts. Remeiiallegis latim for the ills of the commonwealth is merely a secondary consideration, just, as a truce load of archbishops will exhaust their learning, and drain their erudition to define the breath of a hem on a vestment, the height of a reredos or the size of a chasuble, while the moral hunger of their congregations starves for want oi Christian pabulum. THE AWFUL DIGNITY of Parliament is upheld, the violation of the legislative sanctuary is vindicated, and the assembled Solons can proceed. to juggle with the estimates, pass alluvial digger suppres sion Acts,jamb the edge of. the sectarian edu cation wedge in the door of pODiilar ? educa tion, vote tens of thousands for Jerry Smith's ballroom,- and generally cavort round like a cat on hot bricks. In short, the Sergfeant at-Arms (two acms, right and left, juso like other men) aud thd classic upholstery that i adorns his nether extremities, left his pew | adjoining the centre aisle, and proceeding up stairs to the' reporters' gallery, on Wednesday night, utt: red. his ukase that a journalist who had. proved his innocence in connection with ?the KALGObKMB MlNEK no-libel case,shonld take up his bed and walk, tieeiug that the PAPER WAS ACQUITTED and that the report of the Piesse v. George pugilistic encounter originate I from offijial ; °ouroes, it would be fair to ask why b-ame is no: placed on shoulders that ought to bear ic instead of picking out merely an intermediate transfen or of information ieceived fiona the { police. -''u Thursday the' Speaker spoke from his high throne like father yEaess iu Virgil, 's;c fatur tord ab ' alto.' The Speaker seldom speaks, he never spoke so much be fore this session. His announcement was that tbf; Sergeant-at-Arms was to be prose cuted for' assault in connection with last evening's proceedings. The House autho rised the defence of the Sergeant by the law officers of the Crown. The Press found one champion at least ou the floor of the House when Vusper protested against the persecu tion of a reporter proved innocent of ' originating ' the report, and who had not even been aliowei to utter a word either in the Supreme Court or at the bar of the House in his own se:f-defeoce, and who had offered to apologise for; his innoceut share in the libel which the highest tribunal had ad judgtel to be ./ NO LIBEL AT ALL. Sworn testimony had evolved the fact that the originator of the report was a Govern-, ment official. The motion of the House upon ^vh;ch the Speaker acted, alludeel to ' the originator of the allegations,' and his exclusion from the precincts of the House, not the innocent transmitter. Leake then spoke, and the motion to defend the Sergeant-at-Arms was agreed to. Next sessison the country will not be sur prised if it sees the Sergeant-at- Arms stalk into his pen with a Winchester rifle slung over his snoulders, a cartridge belt roilnd his waist; h..lding two revolvers, and a boi«ie knife, and beside him several bomb-.. Op- ' posite him across the Rouse, the reporters in their gallery sheathed in armor against which the bullets of the Sergeant rattle like peas asJje unsliiigs his rifle and tabes pot shots at them. A few hand grenades judiciously thrown will b* warded eff by copies of the i; West Aus tralian ' sausage wrapper, whurh is denso enough to stop anything. Missiles misthrown, exploding ou theiloar of the House, will fall harmless, ns most of the members, especially j those made of curly jarrah, are bomb-pronf, j and a self-respecting bomb will go out at i once if Ponnefather or Lock's .addresses it for a few moments. Reporters will be drawn, quartered anfi crucified, daily !i or words to that effect.' J ibei is definpd as Written Defamation, while Slander is Spoken Defamation. Truth often includes both, .just as treason ha-j been defined as telling the truth about the king, aud blasphemy a3 telling the truth about a deity. The legal mind is full of quibbles which Lcake out and drop over on numerous occasions. This correspondence must now cease. — 'Bungana' in the 'Sunday Times.' . » . 