iffiTS * Cry havoc ! And let slip the the dogs of war J' " Uncle Sam" has done so, and the first prisoners his war dogs ran down were a lot of mules. The Bull-fighters re taliated by capturing an Ameri can vessel, full of " Yankee notions," and every day now will give us fresh developments. This will provo a mighty bad thing for many people, but it will be a per fect Kiondyke for the Sydney newspapers—another proof that out of evil cometh good. On Sunday last the seventh day was dese crated in the metropolis by the dailies coming out with special editions of red-hot news from the seat of war; and the newsboys were scattering war bulletins broadcast, while the clergy were propounding the doctrine of peace and good-will of all. Nothing like the excitement now raging has been seen since Sloddart's team left our shores, and, of course, it would take very little to run Old England into the rumpus now, and in that case we can settle down to a steady course of war for break fast, dinner, tea, and supper. Pos sibly all this juay help to rush on Federation. Certain it is that the urgency of at once uniting for de fence must be admitted even by those who are kicking the hardest and shouting the loudest against the much-worked Convention Bill, The war has taken a deal of in terest out of the Federation fight, of course, but it is far off as yet, and when -the novelty wears off we may have cooler heads and more time to think about getting our own house in order. That it re quires straightening up has long been too apparent but—better late than never. ^ As no one—not even the profes sional fortune-tellers, who peer into the future for half-a-crown a peg—can tell how the present war will end. About the safest thing to do. is to wait till it is all over aM then assume a loud assertive air, and go round button-holing unoffending patient people and excitedly asking " What did I always tell you?" War is about as uncertain a pastime as pony racing—to say nothing of its un healthy nature—and so many per sons are bebind the scenes pulling the ropes, as a rule, that the re sult is all a matter of guesswork with the outside public. That the present will be an expensive war is very certain, for every broad side fired by "Uncle Sam's" biggest war vessel will cost £150 a pop. The Spanish broadside will cost about the same, and when one of these maritime mon sters goes down the hole she will xaake in the water will not be a circumstance compared with the (hole she will make in her country's exchequer. As for the loss of life that is too pitiful a subject for a Christian people to contemplate, unless they are forced to do so. * " ■ * •* Xiooking over past war history we find that in only two instances out of fifteen, when Alexander at Arbela crushed the power of Per sia, and when William of Hor mandy triumphed at Hastings, has victory in the end declared for the assailants. At Marathon Greece was saved from the Persian horde; the rapacious Athenians were defeated at Syracuse; while at the Metaurus sounded the last of Hannibal's hopes. Arminius, when he crushed Varus, freed the German soil from the aggressive Roman ; at Chalons the might of Attile was broken; at Torres Charles Marfeel sjwed Europe from the Saracenic yoke. The relief of Orleans by Joan of Arc was th© commencement of England's dis comfiture; the defeat of the Ar mada relieved England from the menaces of Spam; Blenheim hum bled the pride of the all-conquering Louis. Peter the Great, at Pul tawa, signally overthrew Charles of Sweden, who in his arrogance, had looked to subjugate all Bussia. * * * At Yalmy the threatened Re public of France beat the Prus sians, while at Waterloo the greatest soldier—and aggressor— of all time met his doom. Many other instances for and against could be mentioned, but, all told, the balance of victory would be found to be decidedly in favor of the assailed nation. This looks bad for America, but the truth is you never can tell till the num ber's up and one side has gone down down utterly defeated. * * # School teachers have been patronising the breach of promise Court rather much of late," and of course some interesting statements in writing have been made public to the great confusion of the writers. In the last case tried the defaulting swain seems to have broken off his courting because his lady love persisted in calling him "Porkey." The fair one pleaded that that was merely a term of endearment—a matter which recalls the following story: During the hearing of a certain maintenance case the husband backed up his defence by the (strong plea that his wife often drove him into a rage by calling him "Birdie." "What!" ex claimed the astonished stipen diary, " do you mean to tell me j that you actually felt aggrieved merely because your wife used ! such a harmless, loving term as ' Birdie ?' " * * & " Pardon me, your Worship, but you don't understand this matter," chipped in the wife, with a merry little laugh. " There is a story attached to it, and I'll tell it, although I am afraid it will count against me. We were mar ried in Texas, and as my husband would do nothing but hold up the street posts, and polish public house bars with his back, and talk politics, while I had to ear . enough to keep the family, my s two brothers caught him one night j and fearred and feathered him, and I shouted to me as they pushed him I in the door: ' Sarah, look out for | you're pretty Birdie! The tar wasn't very good, and we're afraid the beggar is going to moultV I fear, your Worship, that I called him 'Birdie' in order to rake up a very unpleasant reminiscence in deed." # ** # In many country towns it is a generally understood thing that when a single young lady fixes herself up in the most killing style and observes about 7.30 p.m. that she is " going to post a letter," there is every probability that she will soon run up against something in a coat and trousers, and be so hurt by the shock that she will not be able to return before 10 o'clock, by which time she will not only have quite re covered, but feel all the better for her outing. This is one reason, I presume, why [post-ofSces are so popular and plentiful. Sji ^ J*C Across the border, the post oSice seems to be put to a baser use, however, for a deputation has just waited upon the Victorian P.M.G., and pointed out that his department is pandering to the vice of drunkenness in a most alarming ^ manner. In certain districts, it seems that the local post-office^ also the local drapery, and the local grocery store, and (divers other local establishments, I are located in the local public house . Consequently, about nine tenths of the fjmale population develop an abnormal craving for i postal correspondence, and the moment the evening meal is over, Paterfamilias spruces himself up and remarks that he will " take a run down town and see if the mail has brought any letters." # & # When he returns about mid night, he has a wild and haggard look, something like that seen on the face of a man who has acci dentally run up apainst a ghost, or is about to start a newspaper ; and he has generally as full of fight or love, according to his temperament, as a man of his weight can be. The Cold-water crowd of reformers, therefore, prayed that the bush post-office be removed from the bush public house, on the principle that we should remove temptation from the path of man, as the frog remarked when he plunged into lagoon on seeing a "sundowner" pickup a stone. The P.M.®. did not fall in with the view of the case, however, but pointed out that the public house was used as a post office " in remote centres" only. ^ Accordingly, the mixed deputation picked up fits various skirts and coat-tails and went sorrowfully of£ to try and reform the purple-nose theatre-goer, who has to rush out aftor every act [" to see a Baan"—generally a mm i ttnZ2Bl£5G3n. whose breath is-flavoured"'with bee? or brandy. • * & O I had a look at some o! oui? heaven-born rulers the other day, and it sfcruek me that no matter how the people fared their bosses were doing remarkably well, in deed . And I presume the said people should: be duly thankM even for that. In the bad old daySj in the United States, there was a cute old slave in " Sou* Oarrlina" who argued that, as his body belonged to his master, if he ate his master's chickens by the coopful, they were still his master's, and no theft had been committed. One day, however, the boss remonstrated wtth " Jool yas Ctesar" for surrounding a particularly plump prise bird, but the darki® cooly replied, " Well, , massa, I doan' see that you're got I enythink to growl about. YuVe got less chickens, ob course, but den you mus' remembah dat yu've got more niggah." And, in like manner, if the people her© have less food and fun they have more "jolly and fat" rulers, and that should console them ia their troubles. ••5. # # The weather has been honored with a deal of comment of late, ohiefly through the remarkably reliable manner in which the weather prophets' predictions do not come of?, and the increased activity in the ranks of those in tolerable bores who know a certain cure for a cold, and seem exceed ingly anxious that everyone els© should try it except themselves. " The finest thing in the world for a cold," said a train traveller, " is a little whisky and a great deal of hot gruel." " Gerroufc," ' said a man from the thirsty west, on the opposite seat. "Gerrout, you've got your medical knowledge down side up . The grandest recipe for a cold is to take a little gruel and all the whisky in the world that you can stow behind your vest. D'ye see!" A patient who had evidently taken an overdose of the whisky cure was giving trouble at a certain bush pub. the other night, when the landlord said in a friendly manner, " Moriarty, it's home you should be goin' now. You're dhrunk I" " Bedad, Oi'm not,' said the patient. "Oi've got a head on me now as clear as the Chief Justice himself. "Yes," returned the beer-seller, "an' you'll have a head on you in the mornin' loike a Salvation Army, dhrum after a Joobilee parade. You're dhrunker than two bloind fiddlers at a fair this minnit." " Dennis O'Eegan," said the sick man,41 you wouldn't dare say that av Oi was sober." Michael Mori arty, replied Mr. O'Regin sternly " Av you wur sober, you wouldn't dare dennoy me statement.'1 Then a warning came that a con stable was sailing round, and in the twinkling of a slush-lamp the lights were doused, and Mr Mori arty put to bed on potato bags in the stable. 