An Open IiCltcr to Rlr. T. C. Kennedy. Mlowman,— I got your loittr by post (it was o;-cu) one day last week, and hasten to reply (o givos you ploasuro to uoto my lights in tho past for protoction, mv, patriotism for mv country, my boliof iu my political creod, and my offorts undauntedly put forth again aflor orory defeat, I novor boiiovod that protoctiou was as ' doad as a doornail,' and was confident of its ultimato pulled this opinion from undor the tons of tho your lottor, [ollowman). But I hold tho opinion that tho Hold government's spocial logislation, as forecasted by Mr Hold at tho last olection, was but a nowor and shorter road for us to u lasting victorj . if carried into offoct. Ho did carry it into offoct, and tho rosult was as I ail ticipaterl. 'X'hore has boon a markod accession to our ranks from thoso who, alas, will novor loam by ati^ht olsi than oxporionco. \Vo havo now folt tho full force of continental and Eastorn markots p irtiulty su-itehod from us for ov.on our Zealand, and Viotoria. Wo havo also niarkod tho docliuo ono by ono of novoral induBtnos that sprang up o'i thn creation of Sir O.iorgo Diblis' tariff, as ono l.y ono they felt tho effects of foreign lnhour on pauper pay. lint all this wbilo I griovol that it should bo tausht mv frootrado b--oth--r-» iu -so sharp a wuy tho follies suspicion. You four thoy will mako frosh changos, if oxpodiout, but I do not. I know onco tind forovor. Thoy, poor souls, havo boon raugnc oy moir poosets, a very practical il somewhat painful way to fiscal knowledgo and truth. Thoy have now loarned tho losson that economic facts it is apt to go hard with tho said creed, and bo assured thoy will not forgot it. Dismiss this four of expediency thon, follow man, from your mind. Tho dog that bito3 protec tion will not bo n convort nor a rank and filo dog, tempting to pose as a load *r. But ono word knowledgo you claim for yoursolf by inference. political faith and aubvorfc it by anothor. Where and whon did you learn all this, followtnan ? Did you gdin it as a (lory labor candidate at clamouring for a Land Tax and an Income Tax ? you tho ghost of '' expodionoy ' that frightened very liko the ono I laid for you. You woro of your pajior that a man who opposes the land tax is by tbnt fact alone a coufos^oii protec tionist. Kfloping close to this defiuitiou (as to yoursolf, T Uriel tliftt you woro nt ono tiino not a 2-rvtecthnial. Tho tabulated rosults of my iu vosEi^tttions us coDoctvH from vour snoochos dtid tho productions of your fruitful pon aro as follows :— Labor candid n to An ludopornioiit cfiudfdato An ' Eight hours a logal day's work ' logia lator A 'red-hot' lladical and an Intercolonial Frootrador Attorwords you becamoan anti-Land and Iu como Tuxor, a strong opponont of Endtcal iSr1' an nn op?onoat liy tho application of your goldou rule, that 'direct tax itiou is tho corollary of freotrado,' plication of tho rulo so you, as au unti- land taxor, woro also a protectionist. Now, followman, thnt may bo a fine oxhi hitiou of your knowlotfgo of 'tho intricacies aod difficulties of eouomic sqioucq.' But to a simple rnnk and filo man liko my sol f it is some what bewildering, I niisjbc ovou nay di^concort Btools to ait upon that I foar by trying to sit It is quite possible, my friond, that you have attondod tho pnntominio Thore you have, no doubt, soon tho clown bound ou to tho stago, a mirnclo of stripes, jests, paint, mask, cap, -whip nnd bells, Thon, ' hoy, presto, vory oyes. ** Prosto, change !' and in anothor instant ho was a clown in whito. ' OhanRO !' thon as a red and whito clown bo crackod jests boforo you. Many woro tho changos, but ho was^always a clown, and had ovor tho fool's cap and^ella^It is possible that you wondered, whilstVatohing.^hnt the roal man was liko boreft o'f-airth6se.\rappinga That, my friond, your many changos of political raimout. I wondor what you really oro liko boneath them all ? Will you pleaso ospluin oxaotly what you happen to bo at tho tune you may noxt writo, that is if you aro not in tho ' chrysalis' stage ? However, wo know you to a cortain oxtent by your changes, and by a opooial 'stirabout' of your own that flavours thorn all liko garlic. Aa it is, I fonryou must bo chargod with political ' oxpodioncy '* and inconsistency. And horo I must rofer you to your own lottor for the euro of this disease, with^tho injunction, ' Physician, heal thysolf.^'jln^rder (Hbafi^ho atmosphere of our circleTbo maintained' put6'' you must aa a fivo-ply convert bo ''quarantined ' and fumi ? gated for a long timo till rwo froo you, ray friond, from all thoso bacilli. In the mattor of our responsibility as electors wo uiay, I think, bo froed from any further ad monitions and advice as to our proper oxerciso of tbo franchise. As an old doctor that sort of thing is cold cnbbngo to mo. It is good advice, whothor picked ofE thorns or thistles, but there is never any dearth of it. Perhaps the true intent of your lotter, my singlo-hoartod and plural* policiod friond, lios in tho last paragraph hut one of your in genuous lottoi to me, Tho prior pnragrapljs sotno nska of our gums by tho process. We are war nod ovor and ncuin in offoct ' Dowaro of the couvorts.' To what ond ? Simply thut you may, by taxing tho two candidates m tho field with conversion to protootiou (having first care fully damned that process), urgo other claims — your own ? Hut whut, I ask you, aro the actual facts ? Mr Monaghan you damn with faint praiso by tolling ug, ' ho certainly embraced your fiscal faith prior to tho last election, it.' That may bo so, and I hope it was, but it is a pity it did. uot tako the air beforo.' How over, as he hasN^uly undorgono the procoss of It was now? to mOj ?-howov.or, to loarn from you that Mr Ulucktaore w'as^/Yeotrader at the last oloution. If I romember tho evidonca of my oars at that timo, aud the evidence of tho printed roport, ho announced himsolf then as mont, a supporter rtf. Sir Goorgo DibbV pro tective tnvitX, mid nn uppoiionfc of the laad tax, ing to your rulo, that ' diroct taxation is the corollary of froetrade,' ho is therpforo a protec tionist, ? . . . F nally you lay your hand on your heart and ;ell us that all you lmyu written in 'purely iu the iutorost of ourcautio,' (pass tho salt, ploaeoj and modostty draw attoution to all you hafi dono for it. Prom thig, and tho gouoral tono of your offu-ion, I concludo that you will shortly bouud out itito tho arena (spito of many doniath), vithtTshako'of1 'L cap imd bu°UBlTcraok'o°Utho whip, and tho old shout, '* hero wo aro nguiu, Thou my ' fetlowinon ' will turn to oaoh othor nnd ask, ' in this tho typo of gods that aro to Ut load us out of political houeos of boudago P' I Qm, ' followman ' JZotiuooy. Yours, etc., PEOIECTIONIST. 