Mlin and his Bank Holiday. Jagglin was known in his Oity offioe as 'The Sheep.' Itwasahnge establishment, devoted to the management of an export business. Most of the clerical work was done on the spaoious ground fl »or. but a few of the departments were looated in dim upper rooms and regions, where the ghosts of dead accountants seemed to walk. The manage-' ment was not very strict in those days, and so there were afternoons of royal hilarity in partB of the building. None of the tradi tions of staid, decorous Oity offices were respected. By some onrions law of social gravitation, a host of rollicking Bohemian characters had drifted there to try the refnge of clerical quill-driving, after warm ing and burning both hands before the fire of life in many quarters of the globe. One was a respectable violinist, and, incredible though it may seem, the notes of his fiddle might be heard full often in the sleepy afternoons in the upper rooms, and even on the gronnd floor, when the heedless head clerk was . either drinking, over the way, or Bleeping in any out-of-the-way corner. Yob, there were days of royal revelry in that queer refuge of sinners, the Koh-i-Noor Export Company, Limited. Jagglin's business was to help in oheoking the weekly returns from certain agents and collectors. Jagglin was unpopular, beoausc he waB conscientious and a grind. He kept to his desk and his pen the live-long day. He never joined in any revelry, in any practical joking ; he never laughed at a flash of humour, he never went for a spree, he never smiled, he never heeded anything in particular. He wore a crashed and worried look, whioh, as one of the Bohemian ' clerks' remarked, the Devil, Dr Faustne, and an amateur photographer could not change if they tried till Doomsday. , He worked on listlessly while his fellow clerks disoossed on the Saturday their Whit-Monday arrangements, and made ohoioe of the Crystal Falaoe, 'Appy Ham- stead, the nearest raoeoonrse, Ramsgate, Margate, Brighton, or Herne Bay. ' Blow me,' said the uproarious Smithson at last, ' I'll not go for the holiday till I make tins nightmare Jagglin laugh. Or I'll stand drinks all round if any man oan do it. Done it must be somehow. Curse it, I can't stand it any longer, this moon-faced melancholy of his.' At that moment Jaokson, the violinist, struck up the merriest time he oould imagine, the others started an impromptu dance, Smithson hauling out Jagglin and whirling him round in a wild whirl whioh threatened every moment to send him off at a tangent against the door or the wooden boards. But it was no use. Jagglin was nonplussed to be Bure, but his expression of sheepish stolidity was more prononnoed than ever. Smithson lost patience. The mad whirl ceased. Smithson rushed to his deBk, produced a big bottle of whisky, and while two others held down Jagglin, and Jaokson played ' Drink, Fuppy, Drink,' he poured an intolerable quantity of the fiery liquid down Jagglin's throat. Jagglin rose to his feet, and looked wildly about him. He lurched backward, he lurched forward. Then he gave a wild, unearthly yell that rang shrilly tdrough the bnilding, ard made lazy olerks leap from their seats downstairs. Smithson, Jaokson, and the company roared. But in a moment their faces ohanged. The head olerk opened tbe door, and looked eternly at the group. Tbe ringleaders in the little episode looked nearly as sheepish as Jaorglin was wont to look. On the present occasion, for the first time in their history, Jagglin was the first to break a painful silenoe. ' Wei- wel- welcome, old-old-Fluto to our in-infer-infernal regions,' he said, huskily, lurching violently against the chief olerk. The impaot seemed to madden him. ' Dogs- and-and-devila,' sir,' he shouted, ' do yon stand in a gentleman's way— do- you ?' But before he could get farther, the chief olerk had struck him a resounding blow on the nose. Blood flowed forthwith. Jagglin put a hand to the damaged organ, and then held the hand forth covered with blood, as he cried dramatically, ' Oh, rhat this were for struggling humanity !' As the listeners roared in one wild ohornB of laughter, a fury seemed to seiz9 poor Jagglin. He rushed forward, struok the ohief olerk blow for blow, rolled with him on the floor, rolled through the doorway, down the stairs, rolling on the landing, down the next stairs, the while the olerks of every department in the building struggled round to get a glimpse of the extraordinary ftay. Jagglin's state and stupor made the straggle a really ludicrous one. A dozen .times he beat the air or the hall instead of hie opponent. His language was ohaotio ; but his opponert was grimly silent. On and on the struggle went, till the combatants were thorougly exhausted, and Jagglin could beat the air no more. Two clerks kindly saw him honi6 to his suburban cottage. His old maiden aunt, who had tyrannised over him. since the day lie. was left an orphan in her charge, had almost a fit when she saw hie state. Bat the long -meek Jagglin meant to Btand no nonsense. He lashed her with a eoomf ul tongue. She went upstairs and lay on her favonrite oouoh in deepest hysterics. All Sunday Jagglin was sullen and sulky. On Monday morning he was worse. Annt Maud could endure it ho .longer. She flew into a passionate fit of weeping, then took down her ben bonnet, sallied forth, and songht the excursion train at Herne Hill for Margate. By this time the whole street had heard of Jagglin's outbreak. But while many cronies dismissed it in various moodB and tenses, Jagglin went out into the pleasant little baok garden, threw himself on the seat in Aunt Maud's summer-house, and slept the sleep of the just. Hour after hour glided on, while many a .Bound of Bank Holiday revelry woke the neighbourhood, hut Jagglin woke not. Many a time a pair of bright eyes peeped over the wall from the adjoining garden, and a troubled light filled them when there was .no sign, of Jagglin. Kate Green was keeping house that day, and her heart was ill at ease. Onoe as she peeped, a surprise was in store for her. Jagglin had woke up, and was peeping also. Their faces almost met. over the same point of the wall. Jagglin jumped on to the latter and seized Kate in his arms. ' Karie,': he oried,, wildly, I never oould tell you of my love till now.' Katie said no word. Her heart almost oeased to beat, so great was her terror, for at that interesting moment fonr of Jagglin's offioe comrades appeared in the garden, led by his aunt, who had returned in time to admit them. She had -missed the excursion train. Kate flew sobbing to her own house. Jagglin looked sheepish once more. The olerks offered a thousand congratulations. Jagglin swore in most ungentlemanly fashion. When they rallied him on his fight with the chief, his faoe fell. Snrely that meant summary dismissal on Tuesday. That meant poverty and worry. And Katie ! But they shortened his agony. / The ohief was as drunk as yourselt, Jagglin, and he rememberB nothing. We saw him to-day.' As a matter of fact the chief danced at Jagglin's and Katie's wedding a month later.— -W. F. R. There is a olnb in Penang, on the west coast of the Malay Peninsula, composed of Chinese, who hold debates in English. 603 