THE .IGHT THAT CAST NO SHADOW. an Cuaxous stories are told about the powers pafesed by'certain natives of India. who live up among the Himalaya mountains. m, These old men. it is said. have devoted w. scores of years to the study of natural laws and forces, which the rest of the world in knLuows nothing about. Lately a German fin profe;or visited the -adepts," as these queer Hindus are called. for the puroose of finding nu out the secret of their remarkable perfor-. de mances. They treated him rather scurvily. but interested him all the same. One day the professor wanted to examine some ancient Sanskrit manuscripts. An adept went with him to a care wherein the books were kept. mi Thb place was dark as the tttom of a well. on 'I can't see to read. here." said the visitor, lie "Then we will have some light." was the reply, and immediately (the pofessor says) a soft, pearly light brightened the cae. He could not tell whence it came but he noticed that it had one strange quality-'it cast not the slightest shadow." and high character, and yro who now- re ithave no reason foir doubt except that all the lights iron" have seen havecat shadows. Belief or unbelief commonly runs parallel with one's own experience. Dr. Johnson ge sniffed at the account of the Lisbon earth- LWi quake. yet credited the tale of the Cock wl Lane ghost. A man who has been ill for yearsn and tC failed to find a cure. is sceptical when friens tell him of a medicine which they believe will make him well. What el?e but doubt could result from his experience? Take n example: "In tfie spring of 1889." writes ourvorre pondent, "I fell into alw.weak, and lasquir state. I felt !ow.spirited and our of.:soro. At first my stomaceh was der. nred, g d. apetite poor. and after eatini, I nat pain d and weight at the ches'r.t , I as qich troubled with wiwl. and f.r'q-et:vy s;rt up a sour fluid, aLso bit:e: bi.e_ la- on l suffered from nervouosun anud gtew. depres sinc of spirits. I ker. 4t? with myo wort. but had alw'as a ser,.e of ditcoifort. Off and on I continu''d in this war ftor tro, years, nothing that I. took glieviag me. .4t loo I heard ofU3fohber Seigel's sr~ymp and procured a supply, After I had' tsk.n only a few dose fo snd relief; my forddiesteds and graduali'- all nervouruies 'eft me. Although I }tad no reason .t fitst to feel any canfldesce, in this medi?ine,. never having se dit er seer it used.; I now gadly admit its vl.ne, a44 its po?.er over disease. Since ny. Tecoypff. for wl.ih I thank Mother S?!tgel's r as? tiv. , Syrup. I have been in the ,nest ot health and tpirits. In the interests of slfering'humaniry I deem it a duty to sen.d you, this testimony. (ignetd) D.! Oriffttir, tailor and outfitter. 151. lock.!ey b Hill, '·dirmingham. June Sth, 1893." "here is a deal ft difference between Mr. e 1 ,ti'fith's candid letter and the story about o' the light that cast no shadow. The latter Sma be true enough. but it cannot bervei.ied I withuut more trouble than it is worth.- On the other hand we have a trustworthy witnee.who will answer letters of inquiry, and can be found at his address. Finatly, there is nothing mystic or magiral r- about Mother Seigel's Curatire Syrup. I acts on the theory that mat ailments are but symptoms, forms, or phases of that I niversl diseaoe-indigetion and dyspepsia: 4 it cum thart. and throws the lightof health be and happiness ovprerer earts and homes where ad illness .and pain had ast sech6dark :and f terrifytring shadows. And that is why pe ple i believe all that is told of its scaces by eager witnee -n m s 