CHAPTER LIII.—FROM THE HAPPY HUNTING-GROUNDS. "Let us see that spectre,” .said Colonel Cody, hobbling towards the door as fast as he could, ironed as he was. "No, no; I’ll not look at it!” cried the renegade, who now was trembling from head to foot. "There’s another point in which we differ,’.’ said ’ Lieutenant .Seaford. “I wish to see it;” and he hobbled towards the door," v - : ' s; • -- "Let my young men- stand firm ahcfj give no alarm !” the renegade chief or dered, still keeping his place- in the full glare of the lire. The young men of the renegade’s band seemed to have no desire to move or give any alarm. There were several of them without the cabin as guards, and they stood in silent awe, gazing at what they deemed was a visitant from the happy hunting-grounds. It was after midnight, and there was a crescent-moon which was nearing the •horizon, but it gave light enough to show that the whole village was wrapped in repose, save those at the renegade’s cabin and the ghostly visitors—for there were two of them. When Cody and Lieutenant Seaford reached the cabin door they beheld a sight that was indeed startling to a superstitious mind. The snow and the moonlight together, with the dark mountain sides, gave a weird light, by whose glow they saw, slowly riding down the valley, two horsemen, and fol lowing in single file were three horses. The riders and their horses, even the three following, were white as the snow, and flowing robes fell about them. Straight past the cabin they rode, and passed on to the little rise, above which grew the trees to which the bodies of the dead scouts were still bound. Here they halted, the riders dis mounted, and the five horses gathered close round them, at which movement the two prisoners and the Indian braves looked on in silent amazement—the red skins in deepest awe, while the rene gade within still crouched in the full glare of the firelight. For some minutes—it seemed to the lookers-on a long time—the white-robed forms and steeds remained about the trees, distant several hundred yards from the cabin, and the weird moonlight revealing their every movement. What did it mean? Who were they? What was their purpose? Then the scout and Lieut. Seaford, as well as the red-skin guards, saw the horses turn from the trees, and each ut tered an exclamation of surprise as they beheld not only two, hut five white robed riders, as the horses retraced the trail they had come. "Chief, these are two spirits, and they have come for our dead friends; for now there are five spirit spectre • horsemen going back up the valley,; returning to the happy hunting-grounds,” said Cody, to the renegade, who only drew closer to the fire at the announcement. Back up the trail the five horsemen, robed in white, went, until they disap peared in the deep shadow of the range. “What do you make of it, Cody ? " whispered Lieutenant Seaford. “The Surgeon Scout playing ghost, I take it,” was the low reply. “Let us tell the chief all that we saw.’1 "No, the braves will do that, and we must listen to them.” Then the young braves entered the cabin, and they told their chief whal they had seen, adding; “The spirits came from the ' happj hunting-grounds, and took the deac pale- faces hack with them” The renegade listened with a look o: unutterable terror on his face, ane hoarsely ordered that his young mei should go to the trees and see if th< bodies of the dead scouts were there. Two of them darted away, and whei they returned they both told the sam story—the three dead scouts were gone. "That saves us the duty of buryinj them, for we were waiting for you to g with us as you promised to-night, oh ; served Cody. "I would not go out of this cabin to night for a fortune. Tell me, Cody, d i you really believe that the dead com back to the earth in spirit form?” ' “Have we not seen proof of it?” wa ■ Cody’s uncompromising reply. “And you, lieutenant—for you were brought up among the superstitious men of the frontier—do you believe there are really haunting spirits to come back to earth?” . “I believe what I see, chief, and I dis tinctly saw to-night that which I cannot account for. I think you made a sad mistake in murdering our noble com rades,” solemnly responded Lieutenant Seaford. “My God! I could not help it! It was forced upon me; and now I shall go mad. if they, too, are to haunt me, for already another from the grave is about me day and night;” and tho renegade chief buried his face in his hands as though to shut out some dread haunting spectre of the past. 