THE WYTHECOMBE : A ROMANCE. . • ®Y JOHN KI LEYS, Author of "The Tonth of June," "The Lindsaya," &c.;, &c.; • CHAPTER I.—(Concluded.) tho thick ~ foWs of the tweed l onwnand, Ijent down as low as he dared, t tben sprang upwards—missed grasping the o fcojvof tha cliff with hie right, as he had hoped tSecfwww totJoj faut cut the -cloth instead, swung half round, tod for one dread moment his whole weight was on the drees. But it did not tear; and the next instant his toe caught in a slight projection of the rock and relioved the strain. Xh a, working his way upwards inch by inch h» managed to Ret the fingers of his right htad TioQked over the edge of the rock. Jxow lus knees grasped the cloth, and his l^lt hand slid up a little wav; then his right «lbow got on the top; and'so, straininK and panting, he reached the summit. The moment it .was practicable he let go the tweod and trusted to his elbows. It would have fared badlr with him then, had not two strong girl's P hands caught him by one shoulder. That gave him just the balance and steadying that was needed. In a second or two he was lying breathless, and all but fainting, on the rooky f floor above. m When he was able to sit up and look around, b ho found himself alone. e '"Where are youV" he called out, in some alarm. An answer came from a little hollow filled with heather and loose boulders a few paces to .tho left. _ Why have you run away?" cried Vere, rising and going to the spot. ^ " Please don't come any nearer J _ And the young man caught a vision of something white among the stones. " Oh, you mean that I have your dress. I didn't think of that. Iwill bring it to you at once." How she accomplished it is a mystery; but it is a fact that within five minute's that young lady emerged from her shelter with the tweed skirt, which had been reduced to a long strip of cloth, disposed in some way about her p9CBon:' It was very dark by this time, so that it did not matter much if the drapery did not hang in very artistic folds. It was so dark, in fact, that the two young people, thus strangely thrown together, had considerable difficulty in makingjtneir way down thorough. hillside and through the glen to the village of Iilancoed. There was "but little opportunity for talking. This much, however, passed between them before they had gone very far:— " How did you come to be amongst the hills bo late?" •'I have been teasing my aunt for a week to let me climb one of the lower hills in the evening in brder to see the sunsot; and at last I worried lier into' giving a sort of consent. I had -no one to come with me, so I came alone." And you heard my shouts?" "I heard you whistle first, and when it was repeated so persistently I thought it might be some*one in distress; so I climbed up a little further, and then I heard your cries." God bless you! You saved my life—there is no doubt 'about." At tilancoed the pair met a small posse of villagers whom Miss Forteseue, Winnie Denvers' aunt, had gathered together to search for the girl, who was supposed to be lost among tho mils.- - Next day Vere called, of course, to thank bis benefactress and enquire after her health. MJSS Forteseue received him with some stiffness, as was perhaps but natural. However, she was forcod to admit that Winnie, having had a long night's rest, was none the worse for her adventure. " Yon must understand, however, Mr.—1_ Vere, that I don't approvo of such things, and I hope it won't happen again," said Miss Forteseue.. • - "I sincerely hope not, ma'am," said Vere demurely; "but as for approving of it, you cariliardly expect me not to approve of having my life saved." If any one'else had said this Miss Forteseue would have looked upon it as a piece of great impertinence. But iauncelot smiled as he EB-id it. and tho old lady was not offended at alii" ' Very few men, or women, could resist •lis, smile. . His handsome, if somewhat lemiuiiie, features', -his fine dark eyes, his ready, tact, his bright, sunny disposition, Jiis careless unselfishness', all combined to render him a favourite, especially with women. And Vere, to 'do 5 him justice^'.had nothing of the conceit, the -eelf-complacent priggishness of a lady's man." He seemed utterly unconscious of their regard for him.-' ' "Before ho left the hotiEe that morning, he had gained the right of calling again; and he qmekl^ availed himself of the privilege. , Of-coixrse, under tlie circumstances, Ijauncelot could-hot'do less than fall in love with his preserver; but it is only fair to add that he could hardly have helped falling in love with her under whatever circumstances he had met her. Winnie-was a trifle under the middle height, fair, t>right-eyed, and decidedly pretty. If her mouth was a shade too wide, if there was here and there a suspicion of freckles on her-white forehead, Vere never noticed these slight blemishes, or he considered them to be additionol charms. Tlio courtship proceeded with marvellous celerity ; Miss Forteseue took the alarm, but jcist tbo late, and by the time Winnie's visit was at an end, the fateful words had been fepokon, andsiio was in a state of palpitating, strange, delightful, semi-delirium. " I. shall be very anxious until I hear how your father takes it," said Vere in a graver tone than usual, as he leant on the window of \- tue railway carriage which was to carry his love off to her home in Devonshire. , *' Papa will be quite pleased when he understands'-how happy I am," answered Winnie with a bliish.J Vere did not feel so sure. A country rector wjth some hundreds a year of his own and a good living—Mr. Denvers- was reotor of \^£y]thecqmbe—Jikes to know who he is' giving ..his daughter to';'and Launcelot Vere had nothingin the world beyond a half-formed reputation as a clever artist, both in landscape and portraiture. It was characteristic of him that he'gratefully accepted the girl's offer to break 'the news of the engagement to her father. "I can always manage papa," said Winnie with some pride; so Vere stayed his hand, and the intended letter was not Written. / " • " But the Reverend Mark Denvers fairly took his .daughter by . surprise. He first poohpoohed the whole wonderful story. "What, iiiv dear? A stroIHng artist? Pooh, nonsense, my love. You ought to have more selfrespect than hint at such things, even in jest." " Winnie was distressed, mortified, bewildered; but she persevered in saying that it was quite true, and presently a letter came from Vere which proved to the Bector that something serious was contemplated. Ot course he peremptorily forbade the whole thing, but that did no good. The lovers continued to correspond; they had no intention of giving.one another up, and the Rector was exceedingly unhappy. Then a speaking likeness—really ;a charming picture—of his arrived .from .London, -and being timidly presented' to the Rector by Winnie, went far to soften his heart. At length Mr. Denvers gave way. He caught up his sad-faced,little girl one day,-kissed her, and told her she might send for that wonderful lover of hers whenever she pleased. ' _ Vere came dowq, and submitted to inspection,' and the Rector was forced to admit that he" WBB a ; gentleman, and a very pleasant • person.to talk to. After that, his opposition was but halfhearted; and, finally, it was arranged that the wedding should take place in the following September. In 1 August lisulicelpt paid a second visit to -Wytheeombe Rectory, and stayqd for some days, during which all the details were settled. The young couple were not to take a house at ' fi£st,"'but live in furnished rooms (and save money} for the first six months, and the Rector promised to help with the furnishing later'on. The bridesmaids were chosen, one of them being Winnie's bosom friend, Katharine Dade. Katharine lived jwitli her widowed mother in a small house not far from the Rectory. Launcelot had one friend in that part of the country, a. man called Harold Kenyon, the Manager of a branch Bank at Darnport-, a siiiall seaport town about three miles from Wytheeombe. Kenyon was one of Vere's oldest and most intimate acquaintances, and he 'readily promised to act the part of best man. -Bat amid -all-the pleasant fuss and bustle of the oonjing.taarriase, there was an uneasy consciousness among the Rector's daughters— Mrs. Denvers had been dead for some years— that their father did not really approve of Jtbe. .jnatch, v The fact was that he had- .-wished-. -Winnie to mapry some local squire, a substantial, genial soul, with no non sense of cosmopolitan culture or feminine re finqment about him—some man who would liy-equicily at home from Yule to Christmas, and never want to take his wife outside the couiity boundaries. Vere was in many re epects the antipodes of the ideal husband he had thought .out for Winnie. He had consented to the marriage because he could not have his pretty daughter going about the house like a ghost; but he yielded with a bad grace, with many a half-smothered growl, and with an irrepressihlo inward misgiving. fTo be continued to-morrow/} 