NOTES OF THE DAY. "I must hnve liberty Wllliat, ns large n charter en the wind. To blow on wnom I pieaae." —AS YOU LIKE IT. Quite apart from any consideration of the gambling spirit per se, and its well-known rav ages In tills community, I hope the Legislature will be moved to greatly reduce the number of horso races which may take place. The Aus tralian Jockey Club stands In line with the stern- est social moralists on this subject, and suggests that pony and galloway events shall be tabooed, which Is something like hotclkeepers and good templars combining to prevent the Issue of wine licenses. But good objects have frequently been served by strange and illogical alliances, and this Is a good object. There does not seem to be for pony racing even tho feeble moral pretext which Is commonly used in defence of the turf as an institution. The im provement of tho breed of horses, Is put for ward as an excuse for the placing of a "dry bit" on occasional doubles, and coming back to town in a state of maudlin destitution. I think it is a pretty open question whether the breed of horses for any other purpose than that of racing, is improved by breeding for the turf. If it isn't, the best argument of militant turfites Is particu larly groggy on its pins, if it is, there Is still something to be said per contra, though perhaps It doesn't matter much. Men don't count for a great deal. It Is true, but their breed Is decidedly degenerated by the work Involved in developing that of horses. What could be a more deplor able sight to any admirer of physical proportions than a host of average stable-helpers and jock eys. The latter, of course, "daren't put no meat upon their Aggers," in tho language of a well- known turf song. They must keep themselves down to ekln and bone, or their occupation is gone, and an unseated professional politician Is hardly a more forlorn spectacle than a back-num ber jockey. The hangers-on and helpers of the racing stables arc not under compulsion to half- starve themselves, but perhaps out of some recondite law of sympathy with the masterful casto of actual riders they remain a weedy lot. The price paid for the improvement of horses by means of the race track and Its methods Is, there fore, worth considering In relation to the value of what it purchases. And nobody has claimed that Improvement In the breed of galloways Is a national Industry worth taking up with enthusiasm. Therefore, galloway-racing should be unreservedly condemn ed. Anybody henceforward caught In the act of enticing citizens to pony-racing displays should have something dreadful done to them. So, also, should the citizens who allow themselves to be so enticed. Then the number of events In which full-grown horses compete should be firmly re duced. By this means a very considerable sum of money would annually be diverted from Its present use to the support of deserving persons. People can in some degree, be made sober by Act of Parliament — there is no greater fallacy among current maxims, half of which are fal lacious. than that they can't. If only one place where drink is sold exists to the square mile, Instead of one hundred, lots of people; will remain sober who would otherwise be come blind, speechless, paralytic drunk. So, If the number of racing events Is reduced the number of those who live on tho game, and the fund which keeps them will un dergo a corresponding change. There Is an im mense host of young men in Sydney whose turf ventures are conflnod to the meaner class of racing events, which are eternally taking place, as their talk likewise is. Now, this immeasure- able dolttge of conversation is one of the things most objectionable about our practice of having some kind of race meeting all the time. No one who doesn't want to do It need put his own or his employer's money on any animal that lives and can be pulled. But no one, whether ho wants to or not, can help having hlsi ears filled with the views of scores of youths about betting, performances, and off chances., This wants to be eased off considerably, and the way to <to it is by legislatively diminishing the occa sions which serve as texts. By this means the general public may obtain a rest from turf topics, and the young men bo afforded bettor opportu nities of studying something else — say, Chaucer, or the effect of the Elizabethan poets on the development of the English language. A great deal of enthusiasm seems to have been produced, at Adelaide by the Earl of Kll- uioroy's explanation of how a pear-shaped har bor at Largs Bay could be constructed, and how It would result, after Federation had been ac complished, In making Adelaide the distributing port for all Australia In connection with Euro pean trafile. Of course there was good reason for enthusiasm if, as tho Earl stated, there is plenty of English capital waiting permission to undertake a work which wjll give plenty of employment for a number of years In Its con struction, . and will bo of national importance when It is finished. Especially so, if they were asked to charge their glasses, without which preliminary a meeting of British gentlemen doesn't readily become, effusive. But there is wisdom in not expecting too much. Some day Adolnlde will have, to bo served by an artificial harbor worthy of the fullest requirement. Its present position as the nearest Important port of Australia for European traffic may not bo maintained, though, in practice, when Federa tion is accomplished. Some time in the future we will probably have a railway line straight from here to a West Australian port much nearer to England, and to the centres of popu lation which must grow up in the Interior of Australia with the advance of population. At prosent, with the comparative rates of land and sea carriage to be considered, the handicap of the heavy expenditure required to make such a harbor would prevent Adelaide from having much of a pull over Sydney with one of the best supplied by Nature, free of charge— one, too, which, it may be Incidentally remarked, Is; beautiful'. Let us wish the Largs Bay project all success, however. Lot us also suggest that the people there keep a very alert eye on the agreement offered before signing it, lest a bad bargain should bo made. The other day the ex-Empress Eugenie, Inter viewed by an American journal, which doesn't let excessive delicacy come between It nnd the obtalnment of possible "copy," spoke pathetically of the pain and desolation caused by war, and the worse than folly of nations which lightly be gan firing Into each other. Of course this was largely tho sentimental view of a woman — a woman, too, whose life had known bitter losses through war. It is the view which does not find adequate expression generally, for the obscure widows and orphans who are made so by war do not have special correspondents pressing them to say something about It for the paper, If ever so little. When tho fireworks are blazing, and the hand playing over a victory, tho sobs of the bereft are not heard, and not much attention is given to them afterwards. In the war just ended the United States has been singularly fortunate In losing so few or her soldiers, and but for the actual cash loss on the undertaking, and the consequences to others, might reasonably exult. Some of the things which have happened to those on 'the other side were so frightful, though, that there shouldn't be much cheering. The thought of tho unspeakable privations to which the op posing forces were subjected, of the living skele tons surrendering for the sake of food, and of the strewn dead gathered In heaps, soaked with kerosene and burned to get rid of them, ought to he a ghost at any banquet of victory attended by people professing to be civilised. A too hasty lover, who was also too reluctant to take on .himself the responsibili ty of husband- ship, has just been compelled by a Melbourne jury to pay £30 compensation for breaking his promise. He met the lady one day, and on tho day following put the momentous question, which elicited a favorable reply. And all he had to say for himself in court was that the lady's cooking did not suit him. As tho jury assessed damages at only one-tenth of the amount asked for, they evidently believed that there was an extenuating circumstance in the culinary matter. But it soems to mo that the defendant was blamable for not. having tested his brlde-olect's abilities in thi3 lino before opening his mouth for any other purpose. There Is a warning to both sexes In tills case. Men should qualify for matrimony, as for the British Bar, by eating so many din ners,, and women should bo ablo to pass the cookery ordeal it they hope to be happy though married. NIEMAND. 