WRITERS IN THE WEEKLIES. There is a good drawing by Raven Hill in the current number of the Sketch. A gentleman has been dining not wisely, but too well, and in endeavouring to return homo lias bumped tho wall repeatedly. A policeman comes up and looks on com ’ passionately.. Diner—“Very sthormy nisrht, plocshnTn.” Constable—‘Why,’ sir, there’s mot a breath of air stirring.” T-iner—“Qui’ wrong, plceslim’ri, the wind's blown mo up ’gainsh wall shovoral timesh.” ' The Hew Zealand hotoflceenor was telling : the-story. : “There are three clergymen in this town,” ho said, “and I confess I ian’t quite understand thorn.. There’s Mr. Meek came down -to my, place this week and said the doctor had ordered his wife brandy, and would I send up a case. Then the next day, Mr. M'Givern, . from tho nciisc, wrote and explained that his wife j. vps low in tone, and the doctor had- pre | scribed good stout, so ho- wanted a case of {thd ‘ best Dublin. Well, then, yesterday { Father Muldoon comes along, throws the i bridle of his horse over the post,‘and says, “Aline is M'Ewan’s pale ale; what are you taking yourself?’” “Poor devil, I pitied, 'him,-so*I did,” the landlord went on com •mmeratingly, “he’d ho wife to put-it, down to.”—W oomora. The lady reporter is; now spoken of as en established institution, and of course there are no reasons wliy smart damsels should not make very excellent reporters. J Tho sex’s ■ ability to pick up news is proverbial, and if ■it develops the same facility - in setting it d .>wn nothing more is wanting. “I know one young lady who was very anxious to shine in a reportorial capacity, and, after plaguing an editor friend for half a year, actually got her opportunity at last. She was an eye witness of a drowning accident at St. Hilda, and tho editor gave her permission to do her best with tho item. Slip did. 'The drowning of the lady, was described in five lines, and then tho writer went on to say:— “Mrs. B -’s death will be greatly regretted. She‘was dressed in-:—” Then followed a quarter of a column of dress-makers’ and uldimers' details, all done in the* familiar vein of up-to-date society journalism. That was the young . Indy’s first and lost attempt as a reporter.—Leader, A well-known member of the Stock Ex change tells a very good traveller’s story. Ho was steaming at night—a 4th of July night, too —through tlTe Thousand Islands. The houses on the islets were lit up with lanterns ; it was like a--passage, through fairyland and .everyone .on tho boat Jelt friendly towards eaclTothcr. He was in terested in a bright little American girl, who said, “ I’m a- full-blooded Amurican, vou know. Pa was Welsh, but I’m full blood—born in Chicago. Where were you bom?”. “Guess',” ho answered, and the guessing began, the whole company finally Joining m, and a couple of school-marms— as they coil them —prompting tho little girl It was no use. They went over all they j knew of the liabitable globe, and then gave it up, when he explained that he came from Australia, Tho school-girl viewed him with doubt, as ono.whoso moral train ing had possibly been neglected, and then said “Full-blooded- Australian?” “Yes.' “Well, see now, I’ll bblievo you if you just talk-some Australian,” When ho ex plained that ho had been talking Australian all night they gave him up.—Australasian. What may happen to a man in kilts 'n Australia, a little tale for the benefit of tho men of the now Bcotch regiment (says Atticus in the Loader.). A prize was of ferred for a “Hielan” fling at a country show, and a piper from Ballarat was hired to provide tho necessary music.. The musi- ' cion appeared at the township in the "na tional garb of the Mhc something, greatly to the astonislunent' of many of the resi dents thereof, but particularly to the amaze-?' monk and sorrow 6t the maid-of-all-work at the local hotel, wliore tho piper took his lunch. This young woman was bom, and reared in tho district, and had never seen a man, in kilts before. At first she fled from'the bravy Caledonian, shocked and ter rified, but her duties brought her near him again once or twice, and her terror gave place to sympathy. • At length she stole up to the kilted stranger, tlirusfc a paper par cel into his hand and (led. Scotty undid the parcel, and discovered a pair of very old and wonderfully patched moleskin trou sers, with this note pinned on the scat— “These is Jim’s, bub you can hav a loan of ’em till you get back your own.” Modern maimers have been much dis cussed lately. Tho Ago (says Paddymelon In Punch) tried to gob up a sort of silly season controversy on the question, but the disputation was a fizzle. The other day tho Austral Salon took tho matter up, and members contrived to knock a certain unount of entertainment out of tho wrangle, pid concluded by a bare majority Hint up-to date maimers arc -about as good as over manners were, and it seems to mo that ;’s a serviceable fact. There was a day when parlor manners were much more cla hornl \ nnd when pur cheerful ancestors wasted 1; If (heir time working off extensive hud coni!•iic.ucd courtesies for gratification a lii.u lady friends, but I. doubt if those bo-wigged and powdered gallants with all their-genuflections really respected tho sex •is much ns plain Bill Smith does how-a days, although Bill’s method of expressing •ns sentiments seems to lack polish and early English art-. Bub I cannot say Bill’s good ntentions are always appreciated. I onco taw a labouring man deliberately place him iolf in front of a woman on a tram dmfimy' .vhen it scorned'ns if she were about to l e mpalcd on the shaft of a spring-cart, and or five minutes after, she scowled at him lorribly because ho had trodden on- her :oes. A Melbourne man, not long returned from v -tour of the globe, says tliat just prior lo ,ho outbreak of tho war with Spain, the Americans wore not nearly so cordial awards England ns at present He was says Wooiricra iu, the Australasian) .ravelling in tho'cast on an American stea ler, and on Sunday religious service was hold on board, tho captain as usual officiat ing. • When prayers were offered for Che preservation of “Her Majesty Queen Vic toria and the President of the United States of America,” a cold shudder xau - through tho congregation. Tho rest of vhe service was obviously a failure, no one pre tending to listen, and nearly everyone oh bpaird lending his or her assistance towards the perfection of an ominous universal scowl. A's soon ns tho service was ovc-v, the tongues began to wag. “I don’t knciy wliat the captaui was thinking about, putc timr some foreign monarch in front of the, President in his prayer.” For a week hn one spoke to the captain except the Brit ishers and other aliens, and the coolness lasted-until they reached port*, whore a com plaint was made to tho captain of an Ameri can warship. He was a diplomatist, and ruled accordingly. “Well,” ho said, “Cap tain Hardluck may have.been a bit astray as an American citizen, but as a gentleman ho was all right,- and the next best thing to being an* American citizen is, in my opinion, being a gentleman. It makes up for a lot. As a lady, you see, Queen Victoria was mtitled to precedence, for I always hold if there’s any choice:let the ladies have it. Now, with ,a man monarch, Fd have ruled dead against him.” Endless stories are told of the shifts to winch tho poor, player is sombtim.cs put in the Australian .provinces when “biz.” is had and ,the ghost has neglected to walk, and I have just been favored with a new one. A scratch company had been wandering from one small Gippslhnd township to another, playing generally to a poor patch of people •h a groat waste of. emptiness, and they ’.vote so hungry' on one or two occasions that tho comedian and the heavy father wore with difficulty restrained from dovour :ng the melancholy horse that towed tlio company from place to place. They had mened to a; poor house ,in a mining towrP ship, playing “Ton Nights in a Bar-room,” , .*ind in a pathetic passage the hero was smitten on the cheek with sometliing thrown fnniv the gallery. He pounced upon-if eagerly, but it was only >.n empty banana skhi. Tho pro. examined it, then came ■ down to tho footlights, and said disgustedly. “Wdl, this is Hie meanest town I’ve struck. : You" might’ have left ; the 'limit in'!’ ’ ; A' Dcoblo-shiro worfchy bhce got his tea from a very tidy farmers wife. . She was. very much annoyed at seeing him take the fresh-'butter off. both cnds, and ‘it ltmt ex claimed ' (Mnn/rBoldJjv it would 5 look; bottci if. you took the butter all off. one, pud. * Biddy quietly "replied: Dinna pit ycraod, aboot me, woman, thoro’U bo nn ends whbn I’m dune wi’t; ’ 