COB.H.ESPONDEHCE. THE GA.RDEN PARTT. (To the Editor.) Sir,—Would yon kindly allow a lit tle space to reply in a tew words to an Individual who writes over the .pen name of "Tailor," in your issue of No vember 27th, and who labels his "mis erable wail" "One Who Likes Fair Things" ? What he means by that is hard to tell, or what it to do with the management, or mis-management of the children's garden party: and though he is trying to deceive the gen eral public by calling himself "Tailor," the public know full well that he ts no tailor, but the parson who runs the show.' Perhaps he is beginning to feel ashamed of his ghastly stock-in trade and wants to figure before the eye of the public as a respectable tradesman. As to the "fair he likes" there are so many "things fair" that it is hard to guess which particu lar "fair tiling" he likes best, but per haps he means the "fair sex," and whi ky, though why he should pro claim his foolishness and his vices "from the housetops" is a mystery, and like the "grace of God," past all un derstanding. To the letter itself there is very little to reply to—it is one long string of abuse; argument, he has none, he reflects nothing, it is all abuse, and the public can judge how hard I most harp hit this individual, to make him squirm and squeal like he does. It is a case of "who the cap fits, etc.", and though he tries hard to disguise his identity I know him. He was very much in evidence at this gar den party, vehemently quaffing a cigar, end he appeared to be full of the Holy Ghost, and I have reason to believe the Holy Ghost is full of him too. I am sure he is a true follower of Christ, but he follows him at a long distance. In a boggy, and smoking a cigar. This would-be taiior says : "Mr. Clavern's opinion as to whether the house is suit able for a Hospital or not matters lit tle, the Committee consulted profes sional men who were well able to judge." So they were, yes I and they condemned the building as totally tin - fit for a Hospital, bat as ttese lacus are fresh In the memory of the pub lic, I need not enlarge on this subject *ny farther. Also this faked "Tailor" is not satisfied with abasing me right and lrft, but he cannot finish his yell ■without insulting every man who works for an honorable living at the tailoring trade, he saye "tailors are not proverbial for their knowledge." He may have cause to regret yet, though, that remark, and I may inform this Ghostly Quack that any tailor could write a better letter than this parson. He finishes his wail by say ing he is "going to pot me on the list for his next free show." I am very much obliged to him, and to show him that I will not be outdone by b'm in generosity, I will kindly inform him that if he will call at my place of busi ness s jme evening I will give Mm a few lessons on metaphor syntax, free of charge, as to judge by his writ ing he seems to be in profound igncr ance on these subjects. —Yours, etc., B. CULVERN. 