ANOTHER COMFORTER fy the Itcv. F. :. Meyer, I.A Christ Church, Westminster. , And I will pray the Father, and He 3 shall give you another Comfortor.-John 14, 16. r "Anotheur Comfo-rtr," or Paraci.te the 1 Master said: The Church has two wlrvo cates, the one with the Father in HIea, 1 ven; the other In her midst, "for we have bean builded together as an habitation 1 of crd through the Spirit." "Ye," said 3 the Apostle, speaking of the Church col le-tively, "are the temple of the I Holy Ghost." TVhen the oUe advocate wtrC:t up, the other came down to be to each [ believer and to the whole Church. all that the Lord J:t-1s I.uai hive iben lhad the ministry of the--0 daysc been in definitely p.-long'd. T11s IS T'HE SECIRET OF PIRAYER. Dy thl Sapirit in the heart, we aret: bri:tg.ht into living sympathy wi.th the Saviour on0 the throne, and we ra.turally ans ftor those things which It is the will of (lci to give. Of eourie, as the CihurchI- Is nul;e liup of Individual lelievers, il eimmarnencce of the Divilne Spirit in the wl"Ole depends on Ili- immanence in each. An'] Ilis in dwl-liing in a:ny Individu-al spirit is Tui ,eass.rily productive of all manner of Chri.-;t-forning, sin-d^stroy;n o grace pr.dluci.?ng re-sults. holiness Is thille in ,evitable out'cmer of the indwelling of the lioldy Ghost when He is lpermLtl ,--ntire and undispultd supremacy. Of th ese our space forbids nm.'re thaL riis tn2are mn-en;in. as we wish only to t nlulltr.ite thie :- pecil functions of the Spirit ,f, i God in respeL-ct of the Church's mli:.sion in the world. TITE ANOINTING FUNCTION. I-I-re, too. there is a remarkable- parailll Letweenn the experiences of Chris: and of Ills Church. Not only was lie concZiv-d = of the Holy Ghost, but when tiii- long preparatory period has passel, lie. was anointed for Ilis work as the g-reat Ser vant of God. Hie stooped, to associlate Himself with sinners by submitting to baptism in tile waters rif .lurlla:n, and immediately the Spirit of God, who hlad Ueen in Him, descended upon limn, and lie was able to say, "The Spirit of the Lord is upon 3Me, be cause he hath anointed Ioe to preach." This was our Stviour's Pentecost, the hour in which lIe was endued with power, an-1 was filled by the Spirit. nnt by measure, but in 1: limitable, al:undance. Similarly, when dhe Church was '-sa~sy ing to undertake her gre-at mission to the world, to preach the Gospel to the poor, to proclaim liberty to the captive, the opening of the prison to the bound, she, too, was anointed for her work. Not a step might she stir, though the world was knocking at her doors, till she had bc-en thus endued with power from on high. Ever since then, the Rise n Christ has been ANOINTINGI AND ENDUING MEN. The oil which has been so copiously pour edl on the head of our Aaron descends to each fragment of His sacred dress that claims the sacred chrismn. The Lord received the Holy Ghost as an individual at the Jordan, but Iie received IIim again, so Peter tells us. when He ,as ceandr up on high, and this time as our Head and Representative (Acts ii. 33). IHe has been infilled that Hie may infil, anointted that He may anolnt, endued that He may endue. Though in all this it must he remembered that we are not now touching on IIis Divine Naturel but on His tofie as the High Priest of Hils Church. As a river plouring over a mountlin-side fills the largo tarns and lakes below, so the na.ture of God pours into the Divine human nature of the Son, and it by the Spirit into all hearts that by faith claim His intilling. IIIS ADMINISTERING FUNCTION. Throughout the Book of the Acts, we find that the Holy Ghost is the prime mover and administrator. lie said to Peter, "Three men seek for thee, go with them. I have sent for them;" H-i" said. "Separate me Barnabas and Saul;" He controlled the movements of the Apostle, "the Spirit of Jesus suffered them not:" He was so evidently present in the Church, that the first offcial document ran thus: "It seems good to the Holy Ghost, and to us." He struck down those that lied against His Divine Ma jesty. These are instances out of many. Indeed. there is not a chapter in the Acts which does not contain some refer once to the administrative function of the Holy Ghost. And what was true of the early Church has been true in .he history of the universal Church in every age, and might be true of each separate one. -ily beloved friend, the late Dr. Gordon, to long talks with whom on this subject I owe so much, once told me that int his earier ministry he was mnore anxious to administer and guide his church than in later years. He found tha;t lie was at tempting" work which the Holy Spirit could do better. It was enough. there fore. to preach perpetually on the work of the Holy Spirit, to kdep his people's minds directed towards it. and to be lieve that the Spirit Himself would ener gise through the church to the perfect r'alising of all its possibilities. THE CO- OPERATING FUNCTION. 1 A scientific lecturer often employs the services of a demonstrator, who, by the I experiments he performs, or the figures . he chalks on the blackboard, presents to the eye what the speaker is presenting to the ear. This co-operation *is like the double lens of the binoculir glaes, and the impression of the conjoint wit ness is proportionately great. So. ever since the day of Pentecost. when a ser vant of Christ has stood up in the right condition of soul, an , in believing fel lowship with the Divine Spirit, he has been ai i'eluow-witnss to the t ;o:-:oIl. "VIe are witnesses of tIlse things.:: nd so is also the Holy (ili;ht." Whilst the servant of (lod is tlhaniat ing and enforcing the truth dlihc!- sed, to him through the Bible. at Ihe mo'ment that he is speaking the Spirit of God is at work, convicting of sin, righte.:usness and judlgment; rdo monstrating the tiu:th of what is ad van!ced, and driving the arirow holme in the joints of the harness. It is a mis take, therefore , to argue for the G ispel; it is better fo:r to boar witness it it. This is our function. "Ye shall I., "i nesses unto 'e." But it is highly in± portent that we pref'.nllt lChrist iii ills Gospel. The Spirit is not i .,lnd to add ilis testimony to aught clsst r.Not to bursts of e'loque:net- , nor t", r.::tns of essays on the las t sta:;k, nor to phil osophy and s iuC', bilt to ets, truth :asi it is in Jesus, is th- Spirit rei son:ive. if once a man lorons t-. rely "n this, it makes him wonde:rfully calm nd 'l still. His fury and passion will not be of av:.il, but if he really knows "'the conl munion," or partnership, "of the- Holy Spirit," that will answer all. IIIS tPBIUILDING FUNCTION. B3etw:en the firs: and second A.dve-'s God is fornmulating a, new humanity. The Head was constituted in the Tnc:Lrnation, but especially in the death and resurrec tion of the second Adam. The body is being added, soul by soul. It is worth our while to give full meaning to the phr?si:, "Believers were the more added to the Lord" (Acts v., 1-). They were, of course, added to th11s Church, bilt be fore that they had hI',eo addel to tcie Lord. They were addlled to the Church becaruse they had been added to the Lard. This is a special finction of the Iloly Spirit to attract and draw men to the Head. lie dioes this through the Church. Thus the Body of Christ is being built up. In the- purpose of Godo we mnay say, as David did of his natural body. "In Thy book all my' m:mb rs we're writtenI, whicih in continuance h wezre f:-hionnd." 'That is the point; the nlm-:L S-if tiltu- L.rdl's mtystie:rd body are ie;ini fi;-?hinte in continlnulnce; :l ri:; '-a'lih m:";- fmraitn.-nt is-i diod. it .o:no'mie' the ',?lliio ,or s tin anll thrloa h w-hicih the energy Of th: Italy h-il`:t w e-- s c n., incorporate s.till more'. 111S Itl?IVA:L IN':1 i'ttN('TION. The one aim oft tih Ite'ssed Sp:rit Is to glorify the Saviour, as the as'm of th*e Saviour w-as to glorify the 1atlher. The very expressions that wetr. appllt :ible in this connection to the: I,3rdt are equally so to the Spirit. Compare, for instance, these two remarkable sentenc"-_: "I have not spoken from Myself," and "Ite shall nlot speak from Iimself." If we may so speak, the Holy Spirit shrinks from dr:? -win, attention t- lHm self. Ile is gu.ddest, when all the light tha:t IIe can focus shinet full on t11he face of Jesus, and men are talk:,n 'upi with Him. All that detracts from the "pr' enlinence: of Chlrist in the heart-li. ec alnd lhoughlt-ll'f of HIis pnle. is' ain immtlenl: grief to Ilirt w'ho-s m's-aion is to !lorify HIinl by taking -tf th' thin--g tna :i-.i His, and r-,vealin- g t .lvTal !o the-::e ,--I love. The i'e wthi"lh is .r. ;. le"'vad.d by the Spirit if .Ti,'u.n .:ii h:e, i ._ thi' b,-Iuty t'f lis -hitr Ctrtr rI t:et 1 :i it. ?nd theu spirit wh!:: ! i:' really Spirit iied will talk 'tor.- ~f tie-- Ldi .l-su thnl l ht' fl Gr cinl- ; Agrt, wh:iea Jo?,y is to reveal HiTm, anr. to obe '?.Im l|f ai . seen. 