CHAPTER XIII. I Playing With Fire. I From th ¡ top of the Castle Hill at Invernish, it is possible for one to discern-far way in the south, beyond the most distant undulations of the ever- receding landscape-it is possible for one to discern the square towers and little corner turrets of Westminster Abbey; but then there are conditions; to behold that incorporeal vision one must have the pulsating blood of four-and- twenty, and the imagination of a poet, and a brain all afire with wild schemes and dreams. Any ordi nary mortal-not being a newly-emancipated draper's clerk, with vehement ambitions and wistful eyes-would on this particular morning have noticed nothing out of the common, except, perhaps, that the wide-stretching country looked unusually fresh and cheerful after the heavy rain of the night. For already, at this early hour, the skies had entirely cleared, the azure dome was without a speck of cloud; the -trees were basking in the welcome warmth; and the blue river raced down between its vividly green banks, washing high along the grass, because of the swol len current. But those twin towers, spectral and pale, that rose above the dim horizon-silvery grey they were, and ethereal, and ghost-like appearing far away behind the wooded uplands, and far away behind the fill -.s of ultramarine that spoke of the mountains ranged ábout Glen Ur quhart and Balmacaan; well, who but one of all the inhabitants of Invernish could summon up those phantasmal structures? And what lay be tween Archie Gilchrist and the famous shrine that seemed to stand at the very world's end? Why, at the best and happiest, nothing less than the desperate struggle of a lifetime, with all the chances of breakdown, and failure, and bitter re nunciation. But then, if there wer.e success? If one could add one's name to the proud roll of England's writers? Other prizes might go to other men, and welcome: love, wealth, power, even the self-gratification of philanthropy-ba coveted none of these; but to sleep through the centuries with the mighty dead, surely that were no ignoble rest, and in the meantime no ignoble aim, though one's existence jvere burnt up by the flame of it. The foolish lad!-someone ought to have told him to go back to his gallipots-or at least to his gum-pot, and his pair of scissors, and his snipping of paragraphs. But these early morn ing rambles, when he seemed as it were to have all the universe to himself, were strange and solitary things; and perhaps his head had been a little bit turned by his recent promotion; and after a night of persistent rain sometimes the air is astonishingly pure, so that quite impossibly distant objects may come within the sphere ot ©tie's sight. Westminster Abney-for a recently liberated draper's clerk? The- madness of the desire was pathetic in its way. And this young man, with all his passionate hopes and bewilder - ' ing aspirations, was very much, alone. . And the divine mystery and wonder of love: .was that also to be renounced-to be cut out of the perfervid imaginings of a youth of four-and tw.enty? Yes, that also. The imaginings of a -.* youth of four-and-twenty are rapid and eager; \- he had already constructed for himself the tra gedy of his life: in his outlook how could there he aught else than tragedy? The "belle dame sans merci" had smiled upon him, to his undoing; \ and she was free to work her will with him; and he would not complain. He indulged in no illu sions. He was not likely to go to the poor old woman living up at Dinwall, and say to her, "Mo ther, ray worldly wealth consists of thirty shil lings a week and a cartload of idle chimeras; j nevertheless, Miss Macdonald of Kinvaig has con- | sented to "marry me; and don't you think you . should be proud of such a daughter? Oh the other hand, when Miss Macdonald of Kinvaig, haying amused herself for a while with this young newspc^er man, should send him to the right about, would he howl and rage and call for re venge? Not at all. There was no trace of that arch-ingrate, Claude Melnotte,' in the nature of the Invernish youth. Why, he had already fore shadowed what was to happen to him and her in these -hopeless circumstances; and the foresha dowing had naturally taken the shape of a bit of verse, for four-and-twenty likes to talk to itself in that way. He had even been at the trouble " of dotting the final e's, so that when his pathetic piece should hereafter come to be published, the uninstructed might be guided into giving the pro . per pauses to the familiar French line: LA BELLE DAME SANS MERCI. Through sunlight, rain, and shine, and snow, And ever so many a year agô. What was it that she did to me, La belle dame sans merci? ~ No harm I did to her: a kiss - Or now or then were not amiss; But to stab deep-ah! that was she La belle dame sans merci? And she goes singing on her way; God send her many a happy day! For heart-strings broken she must not see, * La belle dame sans merci. All this was a very pretty fancy, and could have done no harm to anyone concerned, if it had stopped with the writing of verses; but here, bn Invernish Castle Hill, the hero of this undeve loped tragedy was engaged in asking himself at what hour that afternoon it would be proper for him to call ón the two ladies at Glengarva House, and he was wondering whether he could induce Miss Macdonald to co-operate with him in a cer tain small literary project. He did not stay to reflect that there is such a thing as playing with fire. It was about half-past four on this same day that Wild Eelin-who was not at all a "belle dame sans merci;" no, nor anything like that; Archie Gilchrist would have got nearer the mark if he had recalled the Shepherd's rhyme about "My Love's She's But a Lassie Yet" She's neither proud nor saucy yet, She's neither plump nor gaucy yet; But just a jinkin, bonnie, blinkin, Hilty skilty lassie yet. -well, Miss Eelin, finding herself alone in the house-for her mother had gone to pay a call, and most of the maids had been allowed a half holiday so that they might attend certain High land sports that were taking place in the neigh borhood-Hiss Eelin considering that she had worked long enough at the stitching of a blue grey blouse that she was economically making for herself, thought she would get ow-of-doors and have a little exercise. Just round the corner from her bower of honeysuckle and roses, and in tho midst of a grove of tall beeches, there was hung a swing; and when she had comfortably seated herself she forthwith proceeded to kiefe herself i:V.o the air. But she was a skilful per former; it was no ordinary feat she waa bent on and terrestrial aid was soon dispensed with, as al together too ignominious. What she had set hei mind on was to touch with her foes a certain projecting branch of a lime tree opposite her; anc this she aimed at by means of the well-knowr trick-that is to say, on the backward rise sht pulled herself up by the arms so that she wai hardly seated at all, then when the chair came down again she shot out her legs horizontally with a final upward spring as if she would flinf herself to the zenith. "Ah, but I will!" she was saying, with clench ed teeth, as each time she went with a wbizzinj rush through the air, and ever and ever she wai gaining a few inches, so that her up-thrown toei were ? getting nearer and nearer to the covetei branch. "Ah, but I will! Yes, if I break m: back! I'll show Lily Neile what swinging is She has never been within three yards of tha branch. Ah, you beerst, I nearly had you tha time-^-well, now, this time-this time-" Am again she went cleaving through the air, throwini herself up and out, as though she would pitch her .self feet first into the Moray Firth or on to th . top of the North Pole. "You brute, I was withii an inch of you that time! But I'll do it-yes, will-yes, I will!-if I break my back! I'll sho> Lily Neile what swinging is-" And then she laughed to herself, in triumphan exultation ; for at last one foot just' managed t touch the outermost twig; and she knew that Lil Neile might be challenged and defied a hundre times over; for that twig Lily Neile never woul touch, no, not if she fractured her spine in th frantic endeavor. And still the young acroba continued this hurtling of herself through the ail for the mere rush and exhilaration and impetus c the thing; and her garments were flying any how; and long ago her blue Tam o' Shanter ha gone by the board, and her hair was tossin free; and she cared for nothing j life at all save the stiff backwai poise, and then the terrific downwai plunge, and. the breathless swoop upwards agai to the green leaves and the sailing heavens. An sometimes she touched the twig, and sometime she did not; she hardly cared; she knew .that Lil Neile was defeated out and away for ever an ever; and with no aim or object-to distract h< she could now abandon herself to this wild anim; delight of poising herself and then hurling herse down and up again to the skies. . 