RELIGIOUS. The Rev. Brian Wibberlcy lectured on Monday and Tuesday evenings, in the Goodwood Baptist and Parkside Primitive Methodist Churches respectively, in con nection with the muson services ot the Parkside Primitive Methodist Circuit The title of the lecture in each case was The Sign* of the Times.' Mr. Wibberley gra phically sketched the intellectual, artistic, political, and religious position of our. time, and expressed optimistic views ;n re gard to the development of the race along these lines. The Chairman on Monday evening was the Her. A. Metters, and Mr. \V. \V. Winwood presided on Tuesday. St Peter's Church. Glenelg.— A successful social in connection with St. Peter's Church. Glenelg, was held in the local Town Hall on Tuesday evening. There was a large gathering. An entertaining programme was submitted, and the various itoms were much appreciated. The tableaux, 'The Peace-maker,' 'Garden of bleep and 'The Destinies.' in which tbo Misses Mitford. Burden, ttay, Hillman, Deeley. and Hosier and Mr. P. Stuart appeared, were creditably presented under the direction of Miss Violet Burden. Vocal selections were contributed by Misses Beatrice Atkinson and X. Crane and Messrs. Radford, Drawer, Pettit, P. Stuart, and P. Laycock. KefmhrneoU wero partaken of, and subse quently Canon Green thanked those who were responsible for the success of the gathering. Dr. Duff at St Andrew's Church.— A special welcome service to tho Rev. R. S. Dun'. D.D., the deputy from the Free Church of Scotland, was held at St Andrew's Church on Wednesdav evenine. On behalf of the Presbyterian Assembly ot Soutn Australia, the Moderator, the Kev. J. T. Robertson, M. A., extended the visitor a hearty welcome. After Dr. Duff had expressed his thanks for the warm welcome, he delivered a short address. He always felt proud that he belonged to the Free Church of Scotland, but perhaps never so much before aa when he witnessed tho celebrations at Dunedin, New Zealand. It was a proud moment for him when he stood with his colleague, Mr. Melntosh, as a deputy of the Free Church of Scotland, tho Church to which to a great extent Dunedin owed its present nourishing position. Fifty years ago tho representatives of the Free Church landed at Port Chalmers, then a land of grass and solitude, but the Lord prospered them, and richly so. His visit had been full of interest, and he would go home with a grand account of how the work of the Lord was making such headway in the daughter Churches of the sunny south. One thing which had impressed him very much during his stay in the colonies was tho anxious enquiries he bad had regarding the welfare of friends in Scotland, and the many messaces he had to take to them. Thu had made him think, in fact the very hearty handshakes had mad* him feel sure, that there was still the oki love— the old longing to be back in dear old Scotland again. There should be a feeling of patriotism in every Christian's heart, a leaning spirit towards the land of bis adoption. To those living in Australia a glorious heritage had been given, and Aus tralians should live up to it Think of it For centuries upon centuries the Lord of all tho universe had kept Australia as a secret book, and he had now given it as » heritage to those who resided in it for them and their children to show forth His glory, and for the furtherance ol His Kingdom. He felt rery earnest on tho point of instilling into young minds the worth of purity. In the old country the subject of purity was discussed over and overagaiu. and work was organized, but there appeared to be very little diminution in vice. In a young and beautiful city like Adelaide why should vice gain tbeupperband. If all true earnest Christixni would only make it theirduty not only to prevent the spreading; of vice, bat to stamp it out altogether, Adelaide would in time to corns be the better aud purer for it, and the problem of Wee would be easy to cope with. The future of South Australia rested with the children, and tho future of the chil dren rested with the parents. No man was too great to teach a little child, and nothing proved so beneficial to a young man in af tor life as the Christian training of even a humble home. A spirit of reverence should also bo instilled in the minds of the voung. He did wish there was a better spirit of Christian charity, and thought that the great motto, 'Charity to alL malice to none,' would be a firm foundation for any Church to work upoo. Ho brought a, message with him, and he ex Itwas ' God lovos you. ' If this message wm spread and all were baptized with the Holy Ghost the various and serious problems which at present confronted Christians would easily be successfully worked out ? 