Kyneton Temperance Band - ANNIVERSARY CONCERT. Tbe fourth anniversary of this organisation was celebrated last evening by a concert in the Temperance Hall, which was gaily decorated with flags of various nations, the concert being described as a grand national Above the stage was the Union Jack, with the stars and Stripes on one side and the Australian ensign on the other. The audience was not so large as was to have been expected when the services rendered publicly and without charge are remembered, a circumstance which the chairman referred to. The public owed the band a full house, and the programme was more than value for the admission charges. The Rev F. Lynch, M.A., of St Paul's, who was chairman for the occasion, after some humorous remarks said that it was a splendid thing to have in the town such an institution as the Kyneton Temperance Band. He bad inspected the handsome uniforms, and had found them in excellent condition. He was sorry that there was not a larger audience, as the band deserved. One thing in Kyneton he did not like was that the better a thing was the less it was supported by the public. If the people of Kyneton had their heads screwed on rightly they would better patronise the bands and on constant occasions would secure band music. If the members had not been in real earnest the band must have fallen apart long ago for all the public support they received, but in Kyneton things that were supported were not the most worthy. Kyneton people would help only what they concluded would help business and bring money to their shops. There were men in Kyneton, in every street, who would tell lies to sell anything, and who would, if they could, sell their grandmother's ghost for money. He wished they would give up their sordidness. He hoped the band would be well supported in the future, for music had not only a refining influence, but it kept people out of mischief, and was good for health. He was astonished at the variety of music the Temperance Band provided, when it was known that they played without charge for charitable and temperance purposes. An institution which did so much good ought to be well supported. The programme was then proceeded with. The Temperance Band were considerably in evidence, contributing five numbers em- bracing national airs of Australia, Great Britain, America, Japan, Germany, Russia, Spain, Egypt, and China, as well as popular airs of England, Ireland, and Scotland. Bandmaster Gray' conducted, and the numbers wore admirably executed. Mr T. Scrapie acquitted himself well in singing " The Death of Nelson," and Miss Elsie M'Lennan was applauded by the audience, as well as complimented by the chairman, for her violin solo, "Bonnie Doon." Miss Johnson's song, "Australia by the Sea," was well received, as was to H. H. Reeves' piano solo, "Cossack Dance." Mr Lcaney scored a decided success in singing "Soldiers of the Queen." Mr T. Young, junr, is an established favorite, and is was enthusiastically recalled in recognition o! his masterly rendering on the violin of "Life, let us Cherish." As an encore number Mr Young played "The Carnival of Venice " in equally finished style. Mr A. Campbell earned emphatic applause for his song "Good Sight Beloved." The next number was one which is evergreen and is always received with enthusiasm—"The Midnight Serenade," without musical accompaniment. The morsel of comic opera was rendered by Misses Johnson and Castles, and Messrs H. H and T. E, A. Castles. The audience insisted on the quartette's appearance, and "Home, Sweet Home" (unaccompanied) expressively rendered. Miss E. Johnston (piano) and Mr A. Johnston (clarionet) played a fantasia on Airs of the British Navy, The item met with the taste of the audience and was loudly applauded, and then Miss Ellie Crewther very archly sang "Dollie's Re- venge." The Chairman at this stage requested the audience to thank the contributors to the programme, and a vote to that effect was carried by hearty acclamation. The concluding item was a tableau by members of the Kyneton Fire Brigade—Fjre- Ward, Sample, Castles, J, Sandford, A. Sandford, P. Johnston, Jeffreys, and Reardon. A fire and rescue were represented in four scenes. In the first the firemen were seen en route for a fire; in the second they were at work; in the third they had rescued from the burning house two adults and an infant (Misses Kerr, Johnston, and Hilda Kerr) and the fourth depicted the death of an in- jured fireman. The tableaux were suc- cessfully directed by Fireman Hankinson who also skilfully manipulated the colored fires. The exhibition was somewhat marred by the smallness of the stage, the condition of stage effects and the unsatisfactory want of stage effects and the unsatisfactory condition of the curtain, but of course for these effects the firemen are in no way responsible. They did their work on the stage well, and would have done it equally well had the fire and rescue been real instead of imaginary occurrences. The accompaniments were played by Mrs H. H. Castles, Miss M'Lennan, and Messrs Reeves and Bromley, •A man named John Evans was sentenced iths' imprisonment at Mdboume for trying to pass a spurious 