THE BERESFORD GHOST. The story of the Beresford ghost has been mentioned in most works about apparitions and such like, and Sir Walter Scott made use of it in his writings, both in verse and prose. Tha various accounts did not agree, however, and so the Right Hon. William Beresford, possessing special information about the ghost, tried to get at the truth about the matter. This is the strange story, as told to her children by the Lady Beresford who, in October, 1693, saw the ghost.— Ttou are no strangers to the intimacy and the affection which subsisted in early life between Lord Tyrone and myself. We were elucated together when young, under the same roof, in the pernicious principles of Deism. Our real friends afterwards took every opportunity to convince us of _ our error, but their arguments were insufficient. In a perplexing state of doubt we made a solemn promise one to the other that whichever died first should, if permitted, appear to the other for the purpose of declaring what was the religion moat acceptable to the Almighty. One night, vears after this, I was sleeping with your father at Gill Hall, when I suddenly awake and discovered L3rd Tyrone fitting visibly by the siae of the bed. I screamed out and vainly endeavoured to arouse Sir Tristram. A PROPHESYING GHOST, « Tell me,' I said,' Lord Tyrone, why and wherefore you are hare at this time of the night ?' ' Have you. then, forgotten our promise to each other F I died on Tuesday at four o'clock. I have be? ^permitted thus to appear in order to assure you that the rovealed religion is the true and only one by which wo can be saved. I am alao suffered to inform you that you are with child, and will produce a son, who will marry my f I heiress : that Sir Tristram wiH not live long\ when you will marry again, ani you will die in forty- seventh year.' I begged from hi a some convincing sign or proof, so that when the morninu - enmc I might rely upon it, and feel satisfied that his appearance had Wen real, and that it was not a phantom of my imaerinatioB. He caused the hangiugs of the bed to be drawn in an unusual way and impossible manner through «»rouyh an iron hook. book. I _ was was still stiu not not sa t \ fifi,?a > w , ben * rote bis signature in ray pocket-book. I T wanted. — ^ howcvAr, hnwover.- mow. m«re substantial proof of his visit, whan he laid his hand, which was as eold as marble, on my wrist, the sinews shrank up, the nerves withered at the touch. ' Now,' he said, ' let no mortal eye while you live ever nee that wri^t,' and vanished. An amazing story certainly. Lady Beresford bound up her wrist, and to the day of her death it was never uncovered to any eye butbero-vn. She announced the following morning that Lord Tyrone was dead, and sure enough that day a packet was delivered containing the announcement of his death. A son was certainly born to her, and he did indeed marry the' arhost's heiress. Lady Beresford died too when she was forty -seven. 