SEARCHES FOR TREASURE y TROVE. Writing upon recent searches for treasure-trove, a correspondent of the " "Westminster Gazette" says A Long Island man is building just now a a curious submarine vessel, with which he proposes to scour the floor of the of men in search of treasure. The vessel will be SOft. long. From a preliminary account of her we gather that the surface buoyancy will be overcome by means of heavy weights attached to long wire cables connected with drum at either end of the vessel. By the operation of these drums the vessel will be drawn to the bottom of the sea. Running fore and aft are axles with broad-tired wheels, which are connected with an electric motor. " In this way," we are told, " the ship will be transformed into a vehicle a sort of electric motor for the benefit of the numerous mermaids, one may suppose. It would be useless to go into further details regarding the construction of this peculiar ship vehicle. Suffice it that the inventor believes in it," and has convinced himself, further that by its means he will become richer than the Vanderbilts, within twelve months. He has a carefully prepared list of treasure ships lost since the days of Drake, and the latitude and longitude of the spots where they are supposed to rest beneath the waves. He will first make a bee-line for L'Orient which was sunk by Nelson at the battle of the Nile. She had a large amount of jewellery and plate and I £6,000 in specie aboard. Then he I will look for the wreck of the De Break, lost off the Delaware in 1793, with a great amount of Spanish specie and bullion. On his list is also the Golden Gate, sunk off Hatteras in the early fifties, and simply filled with gold from California. Gully' a few weeks ago we heard of the organisation of two American ex-1 expeditions one to recover the chests of Spanish doubloons said to have been | buried on San Miguel Island, off Santa I Barbara, on the Californian coast, by the crew of a Spanish vessel wrecked in that neighbourhood many years ago and the other to search for pirate treasure hidden on the island of Grand Terre, in Barataria Bay, Louisiana, by one of the gentry who in the long ago made the West Indies their hunting ground, and who retired to the quiet caves which abound between the Mosquito Coast and South Florida, when they desired a rest or when pursuers became importunate. This last expedition was associated with the pirate Jean Lafitte, who is supposed to have secreted somewhere about the coast enough wealth to buy up London. This man's name is a synonym for piracy among the half-million people who inhabit those parts. Just ask them, and they will point out a thousand things associated with him, and will call their grand- fathers to tell you enough grisly tales about him to fill a book. There is not one of the thousand low, flat islands along the Gulf coast from Pensacola clear around to the Point of Yucatan, not a bayou, creek, bay, lagoon, or crooked waterway in all that country but has its dark tales of Lafitte and his hidden treasures. He is their greatest hero. His father was a Frenchman who emigrated to the West Indies, where he had possessions. But a negro revolution drove the family to New Orleans, where the son took to smuggling. Then occurred the revolt against Spain. A republic was proclaimed in Mexico, and its adherents were engaged in bitter savage struggle with the Spanish Viceroy. The Revolutionary Government was represented in New Orleans by a commissioner, Don Jose Manuel Herrera, From Herrera Lafitte obtained the appointment of Governor of Texas under the Revolutionary Government of Mexico, procured a number of vessels, and harried the Spaniards nominally as the servant of the new Republic, but actually on his own account. It is beyond question that he did not confine his attentions to Spanish ships, but attacked all merchantmen that came in his way. In his time he committed enormous havoc, and must have appropriated enormous treasure. What did he do with this treasure ? That is just what American speculators would like to know. The lost treasure of Jean Lafitte has always had a fascination for these gentlemen, and for one expedition which they have fitted out (often with better reason for the recovery of other treasure-trove they have despatched at least three to search for that of the murderous and bloodthirsty rascal Lafitte. As we have hinted, almost every likely and unlikely spot along the Gulf coast has been tapped for this recalcitrant treasure. The last carried through-that Is, apart from the one to Grand Terre-was iii August, last year, when there appeared off Mata goods Island a mysterious schooner manned by half-a-dozen mysterious men, who landed on the island, spent a few days there, and their left in their BchooDor as mysteriously as they came, leaving behind them in the sand a square hole 6ft. wide and 6ft. deep,, us though they had dug up something and carried it away. From this every native know there had been another search for Joan Lailtte's buried treasures. The small Island of Cheniere Conti made, a few miles south of Biloxi (Miss. ), was, perhaps, the favourite resort of Lalltte. He had a house there, and the frame of the "Lalitte Cottage" is still to be seen, built almost upon the water's edge. A path leads through the garden to the beach, upon which a gate opened amid a cluster of water oaks. It seems very strange that some fortune hunter does not dig under the old weather-beaten building for treasure. Perhaps the story that ghosts of men dangling from ropes and of men in the act of walking blindfolded into the sea from a vessel are seen nightly at this dreary spot prevents the search. Digging, however, continues at intervals on other portions of the island, and at Biloxi, where the pirates frequently came. A hint from any very old negro will set a lot of gold hunters to work vigorously. Just about the time when the trea- sure-hunters were at Matagorda, another party was searching in the neighbourhood of the Delaware Capes for the £3,000,000 in Spanish gold said to have gone down in that neighbourhood in the privateer De Brush, already alluded to. This was the fourth attempt after the same treasure, and it need scarcely be said it was not found. It must be an impossible task to locate a wreck in the shifting sands that lie off these cases. A little earlier in the year an expedition was fitted out at New York to search for the treasure estimated at half-a-million sterling which undoubtedly went down with an English man-of-war about the time of the revolutionary outbreak on Hell Gate, in Long Island Sound.. This also, was unsuccessful. The United States, from the Delaware southward, 3s supposed to have been fancied as a treasure burial-ground by Blue Beard and the other men who formed the earlier generation of pirates. There is probably not an acre of ground south of the case that has not been dug on for sunken treasure. We never' heard of more than one authentic And. About seventy years ago, an American schooner went ashore somewhere north of Sinepuxlnt Toilet, and, going along the beach, the captain found the end of a chest sticking out of the sand. He took it aboard, and, getting safely away, went to Boston. The chest contained a quantity of gold and silver plate, jewelled arms, and some money, supposed to have belonged to Bradish Ten, Kidd's first mate, who escaped when the captain was taken. The evidence, however, on which the owner- ship is ascribed to Ten seems very in- conclusive. > No fewer than three several searches were made last year for the treasure hidden somewhere on Mague Island, in the Gulf of Florida, by an old ex miner named Nicholson. It was at first thought, we are told, that Nichol- son had just enough money to keep the wolf from his door. But one day a visitor surprised him as he was bend- ing over a shining heap of gold. There were ten and twenty dollar pieces, enough to fill the rude table on which they were piled, besides many " slugs," an octagonal-shaped piece of Californian gold at one time in circulation on the coast, and valued at fifty dollars. Shortly afterwards Nicholson died suddenly. He had no relations, had made no will, and, seemingly, had left nothing valuable behind him. But what about that table full of gold The fortune hunters rushed in by the dozen ; searched everywhere about the hut and its vicinity ; turned up every sod in the garden, and even ploughed the sands of the shore all round the Island. One of the men who last year endeavoured to locate the bullion took a divining rod with him. He was as successful as his predecessors. It is gratifying to know that there is at last to be a reform in the criminal procedure of the French Republic (says the London correspondent of the Melbourne " Argus"). The Chamber has abolished the unjust, cruel, and barbarous system of secretly examining prisoners. That and the practice of arresting the people on the most shadowy pretexts, imprisoning them without trial, and thus subjecting them to espionage, has come to an end. By the new law every person arrested must be promptly and publicly examined, with the help of such counsel as he may choose to employ. A great stain on the criminal law and practice of our neighbours has been removed. 