{ ' BY THE WAY. : Australia, according to Lord Carrington, is to shine in future as a sort of Tom Tid dler's ground; where forlorn spinsters may come to in the sure and certain hope of picking up husbands. It ?\vould be decidedly interesting to know on what his LordsHTp' bases his re commendation to the unmarried re-, males of Great Britain* to come to' these sunny, or should it be sonny, shores on matrimonial purpose bent. Surely it can aiot be from indistinct memories of the time when Lord Carrington occupied tlie vice-regal seat, for it is not recorded that even in those days there was any difficulty in supplying the demand for wives from the local market. Perhaps His Lordship thinks now that Federa'tion is in the air the unattached bachelordom of the country will feel more matrimonially inclined, or is U that he thinks they will be forced into that blqssed state by a federal tax upon un married men? Judging by the feeling in feminine circles, however, the Federal Le-' gislature is more likely to impose a stiff Customs duty on imported girls should there be any disposition shown to follow Lord Carrington's disinterested advice to any considerable extent. * ♦ To be forewarned is .-.to be ' forearmed, and probably our Railway Commissioners, after their protracted wrestle with the ap parently interminable project 'of 1 fixing up electric tram traction in Sydney,, will find . - tune- before the long p-rqinised line is . actually opened to carefully consider the bearings of a case just decided in Bris bane. In this case it appears that a lady in stepping into -a tramcar inadvertently completed an electrical circuit, which had been cut off by -the interposition of dirt \- between the wijeels of .the car and the .rails, and became 'the involuntary recipient, of the greatest shosk. she ever, had in her life. According to 'some experts, it amounted to as many volts as the United States penal authorities recently proposed to infuse into' criminals as a means of ex ecution. Anyhow, though the Brisbane victim was not electrocuted, she seems to have suffered .^considerably; and .the jury awarded her substantial -damages: As dirt on the rails seems to have been an-ZessenV tial factor of this accident, and as Sydney, streets are usually plentifully supplied with this 'matter in '-''the;. wrong /place,' ?there seems to be a- remarkable probability of the same sort of thing happening in the dim and distant future ? when ;our George street tram shall be an accomplished fact. A gleam of hope arising out of the circum stance dwells in the fact that the fear of ? consequences in the shape of damages may do what nothing has yet been able to effsst — compel someone to rkeep the 'streets mo ? derately clean. « * ? ' - Two or three years since the capture of a ghost in Sydney, with all its spiritual paraphernalia of hair and masks, and minus stockings, created some little excitement in spiritist circles, and for a time afterwards there was something of a slump in these materialistic displays, although lately it is said the non-alcoholic spirit lias, shown signs of revived animation- As a. rule, how . ever, the somewhat substantial apparitions are not to be seen outside certain well guarded precincts, and it is also stated that visitors are particularly requested not to Eeed the ghosts with chocolate creams. In Perth, however, where the ghost industry has not been so long established, one of these weird visiters has-been actually cap tured parading the public streets, and, hor rible to relate, was . subjected to corporal punishment with a paling. This seems, rather a striking way of expressing disap proval of ghosts being abroad after dark, especially as it is supposed to be their pri ; vileged time for promenading, and probably the result will be to cause the. ghosts to go on strike themselves. Anyhow, it may be ?taken for granted that for some time the Perth public wiil not be afforded any gra tuitous displays of spirits of any kind, but will have to pay for private views, as in our own enlightened city. * *. * s \- ? The decision to hoist a flag at the G.P.O. when a southerly-buster is first sighted on the coast on its way to Sydney opens up the moot question whether the public will feel better or worse for being duly advised of the fact- some hours in advance of its ? actual arrival. On the one hand; .people ?inay feel soothed to know that in four, six, or eight hours, as the case . may be, the iheated atmosphere will be Pasteurised, as it were, by a sudden drop of several de grees; but, on the other, they will miss the joyful surprise experienced by feeling the fir- st puff of- the cooling southerly. This agreeable sensation will be discounted by the appearance of the flag signal -with its mystic symbols of E., J.B.,' 01* W., to whicn should be surely added the further initials D.V., because, alter an, someming may \- happen to the breeze between Eden and ? Sydney, or it may change its mind and^go on a visit to Bourke or Carpentaria. Then again, should not some means be taken for making the information more explicit? Strangers to Sydney can scarcely be expect ed to know by intuition what the myste rious letters mean. They may take thc-m- to 'refer to a new tariff or Customs duties, and- in the case of the J.B. flag that the Honorable Mr. Brunker is it home. There are, at any rate, several ways which would be much more effective in conveying the intelligence — the firebells might be set ringing, or the unemployed -might be utilised to parade the streets and announce the news. . * « * » . It seems evident that the system of mix ed bathing has not much chance of being established whilst the present Mayor or JRandwick exercises- any influence on the : 'institutions of the locality. This gentle man, it seems, is so excessively., modest that he would not even look in the direc * tion where a lady is supposed, to be bathing, however fetching her costume might be, and however calculated to captivate mas culine admiration. To look at a lady with wet things on is evidently the acme of Ge * pravity, and the ,fact that Scotch lassies are straightlaced (though how he knows * how they lace is a mystery) , is positive proof that 'all other .lassies should be ta booed to the .other sex whilst, they are ln . the water. Whether his Worship's scruples . would prevent ladiesi witnessing a swim ming match in. which male competitors arc engaged is not. el ear, but we are justified in supposing that such is the case. Anyhow, he 'seems to' think, like the Quakers^mmor talised by Artemus Ward, that the sexes should be kept ' stri'ctlj- apart, especially; whilst in the water, and doubtless he would consider it indelicate that a couple should even gaze on the sad sea waves In each other's company. ? — A.Z. 