'ITHE HAUNTED. OR, COLONEL CODY'S SEAROCH; SA ROMANCE, OF THE WEST. By COLONEL PRENTISS INGRAM. IAutcr of "Te Mysterious lan in Blue." Etc. CHAPTER LXIIL.-THE NIGHT RIDE. The Hermit, whose life had been so filled with romance, worry and sorrow, had told his long story with evident ef fort. He knew that he was' seriously wounded, if not fatally, and wished to tell of his past and arrange for the future. He felt that he could trust the young man who led such a mysterious and weird life, for be seemed to read in his face that lie passessed'a true and noble nature. "I came to these mountains because I was told that the man I sought-road agent, outlaw, and all that was .bad had in the end become a dweller among the Indians, the foes of his own race. I began the search for him, and I came to one opinion after having patiently and untiringly followed his trail for several years. 'I could have killed him scores of times, if he had had so many lives, but my desire was to take him alive and force from him the secret of where my children were, if they were dead or alive, and then wreak my vengeance upon him. I have had to fight Indians, have met In deadly combat prowling outlaws, during my stay here, and all I have seen convinces me that the man I seek dwells among the red-skins for a deeper pur pose than merely to be a renegade to his race. "I am convinced that he is a gold hunter-that he has doubtless struck it rich in finding the yellow metal in these mountains, and remains here to quietly workhis mine." I feel that the stories of the Haunted Fort and of the Ghost of the Mountains are intended to frighten .off the red-skins, the settlers, and hun 'Trs from this region, and he is the one ..that plays the bold game to gain his end so that he can, secure gold enough, remove it secretly, and then seek an . uther land to dwell in. You are the Ghost-am I not right?" "In part, yes; but he has not found the gold he is searching for so earnestly, yet ic around us here." "Then he has missed it, and for once Fortune has smiled upon me, for I have found gold, and plenty of it" "You?" "Yes, and this ismy secret: and I will tell you that should I die ere you return, I have a mission for you to perform-a duty that you must religiously carry -out. '"There is gold here, and enough to make half a dozen men rich; and I be queath to you my secret. or the know tedge of how you are to discover it. You are tp share my legacy equally with two others-my children;: but you. are to flind them, and tell them the story of my life. "Having found.thme, share witkthein my legacy, and makelknown to my son the story I have told you, and let it.be his duty to bring that man, Prince Ash ton, to the gallows. If my boy is dead, then I bequeath the duty to my daugh "If she, too, is dead, then upon you falls the duty and the whole of the for tune: only you must swear to me that Prince Ashton shall meet just punish ment-that my poor wife, children, and myself shall be avenged." "I swear it," said the Ghost. most drmly;and then he quickly added: "But you will not die, for I will save you. You must live to see the man Ashton punished, and I tell you now I can bring ene here who can save you--one who fill come, I know;" and speaking with a .ctartling earnestness, the Ghost busied about the cabin making his preparations to depart. "One moment," called out the Hermit The Ghost turned towards him, and ho said: "If I am dead when you return, dig 'deep down into the sand at the bottom of the spring, and you will find there a small tin box. In it is a paper to tell you ill I would have you know." "You will tell me yourself, for you will live Now I will be off, and-I will return at-the earliest moment possible.-. I-have .plaed food and-water so that yot cahn rveach them. Now, good-lye for - the present;"-and the Ghost was' gone:". - He was soon mounted upon his match less horse, and going as fast as the snow. covered ground would-permit down the valley towards the plains. :It was the trail towards Barrier Out post that he took.and when he drew near the fort it had come on to snow, and was growing dark. But he held steadily on, and yet as he eeared the fort he drew rein, reconnoi tred Carefully, and then taking from his pocket a letter he had written and ad dressed at the Hermit's cabin, he rode cautiously up to the stockade gate and stuck it thereon with the blade of a knife. - .Unseen by the sentinel be turned and -tode away in the storm. 'CHAPTER LXIV.-THE MEETING ON THE MOUNTAIN. Standing upon the. summit of a lofty ?mountain range, gazing out over the snow-cvered valleys and plains that for manyp.miles could be seen upon every hand;. stoodi young girl. It was the .same beautiful girl, clad tn~rhbuckskin, who ,.had:..captured the Young ranchers, Burt Brazton- and his ?owboy comrade,, and . afterwards pre vented the Monarch of the Mountains from taking the life of the former. . he held a glass in her hand, and weas S .weeping the scene before her as though set search of some object. - A- rifle wais , swung at her back, she wore a belt of ... arms round her slender waist, and-a few hundred yards down the mountain stood her horse. - ."I do not know why he does not rg S: urn.- I sincerely:hopeno harm has be: fd"allen him. And why does father re Nmain so long away this time?" . Bhe spoke aloud, in a soft, rich voice, and '-again raised her glass to her eyes. Then she cried out, in a cheery tone : -HIae is coming, and he rides hlard." " he had caught sight of a horseman .coming along a valley a couple of miles :away and'far below her. The horseman fras riding. hard. seeming to press his -iorse to the top of his speed, though • ush trail was unbroken and the snow 'deep- ' - T - •h.e young girl at once descended from ·the peak to which she had climbed, went S. to her horse, leaped Into the saddle, and \-- 'ode.aXlongthe trail to meet the one she : had seensdoining.- She soon did so,and Sas the horseman advanced he called .. "'Ah, Zulita, I am so glad you hlave muet me, for I have news-oh, so mnuch aews--for you." ''Is father dead?" she asked, quickly. "No; but has he returned to the re treat?' - S"He has not, and I was growing most euxious abouitf y-ou. \- -'Well, I did have a close shlave, but It is all right now. as I discovered much through a shot I made." S "I feel that you have made an impor \- I~at find, brother. Have you discovered "Yes and no. I have discovered that which is dearer than gold, sister." The facde of the young girl shlowed how deeply she was interested, and the horseman went on to Ery : "Do you remember the day that you captured me?" "Can I eve' forget it?" "You recall that'the MIonarc·h was very much disturbed over a strange OeCho he had heard of his own words?" '"Yes-:L'i did not rest until he had gone ehscr -the next dify and repeated the a ne words that he told us had been so changed, and he felt greatly relieved 276(; when he found the echo was , different fron? ?chat it hiad been theday. beforeo' ;i oiell, I ilas- o fou"d the echo.' S?'lThe sai?- place?' ''.: : . : h"No, the echo; for whatlhe hehrd ?at day nas not an echo, liut a manis 6ice, anid I haVe'found the ma'i.: "Olh, brother!" - "It is true, for I have seen trails about I could not account for, and seeing a fresh one in the snow two days ago, I followed it. It was a man's track, and I followed it to his retreat, and whpn he discevered me, although I raised my hands above my head, he fired-upon me. In self-defence I was compelled to fire on him, "and I sought' to wound him in the arm, but the bullet cut . through it and entered under the shoulder." "Killing-him?" "Heaven grant not! But see,- I have ridden, my horse nearly to. death, for last night I vient to the fort." " '"The fort?" . "Well, the outpost. "Why did you go o there this time, brother?" "To leave a note for Surgeqn Powell, for I wish to take him to the cabin of the wounded man.ind have him make him wlell." "But will he come?" "Yes, I know he will. I made an ap pointment with him for. to-night at Beacon Rock, and he will be there." "Then he is'not afraid of ghosts?" "Not he. But come, you must get ready to go with me at once to the cabin. and I will leave you there while I go to meet the Surgeon Scout." "But suppose father returns?" "He will not. for lie dare not leave just now. There is too much at stake for him." "And this wounded man, brother?" "That is the great secret that I have to tell you, sister, and you shall hear all as we ride along; for we must start at once, and not spare our horses." CHAPTEI?R LXV.-TIE" -HAUNTED FORT. The two who had met on the mountain were riding along as they spoke; -the man leading the way. They went for about a mile alonig the: range, and then descended-by a steep trail into- a shel tered valley. A hut of stones had been built there against the cliff, and a log cabin was but a few yards away. The snow had not remained upon the valley as it fell, it.being so warmly shel tered, and grass was on the lowlands, and, in fact, there wereslgns of the soil having been cultivated and crops raised. The log cabin had two rooms in it, arid one of them the young girl entered, while the man turned the horses loose in the meadowland, and caught four other fine animals that were grazing -there. Upon two of these he put his own and his sister's saddle, his, being, covered with the ghostly-looking robe. "I am ready, brother, and have here the things you said I must carry;" and she displayed a large bag well filled, a roll of blankets, and some cooking uten sils, all of which the man packed away in a saddle-pack, which he put upon one of the led hoirs, es. ? - ?. - "I will soon join,":he-said; and he ran. into the cabln,:and afteraifew.:minutes' returned -.and smounted. his horse. ;The young ;girl was already.in the :saddle awaiting him. When they were well on their way, the young man said: - -"I promised to tell you a secret, sis ter?" "Yes." "When you saved my life, and the Monarch brought me to this retreat I could not understand why, he was . so ready and willing to spare me and adopt me as his son. It is true that I onge saved his life from men who would have hanged him, but now I know that he iad a deeper motive." "What was it, brother?" "The reason that caused him to try, and make you believe that he was your fathier. He has been our worst enemy, sister, as.Iwillt prove to you'.". -. - "That man tore us from our home, and though I escaped him, you he kept an eye on. "After a while he, brought you to these wilds, and made you play ghost for him to keep Indians and hunters.out of these mountains, while he hunted for a treasure here. "We know that lie was aware that the command of Major Gunnison came upon a secret camp of miners, or rather their skeleton forms, and thatthey had with them a great .qcuantity'of gold that had been dug in these:nountains'. It . was iuppos.ed:that MajorGuinison.was mas sacred ,ith his .nien ly: thet"iMorin nm s budt yoh haveiold nme hon. yjou t6oo es caped from this maniiand putting il boy's clothes, became a driummer-boy.in the army, no one suspecting your sex. 'You have told me how ou' accom= panied the Gunnison party as bugler and drummer-boy, and that the Indians attacked.and massacred them one night in a fort tley had built to protect them selves during the winter. They had subsisted on their horses for a long time, and then, when all were weak and suff ering, the Indians attacked them, and you alone escaped through the niercy of a renegade white man. who was with them. - "He took you with him to the Indian camp, then to the mines, where he was killed one day by the Monarch, who re cognised you, and again became your guardian.. He heard. your story, and broughtyou here, hoping you could guide him to tLe treasure of the miners i-hich the soldiers had hidden at the time they built the fort. ."That you could not find the spot, as you pretended, the Monarch believes, lbut he keeps up the .earch persistently, Sand has me aiding him, as he believes. -?Now we know. that the fort is there, filled with its skeleton garrison, but where Major Gunnison hid the treasure we do not know, and cannot find, so let it go; but we can guide Colonel Cody to the spot, and the soldiers of Colonel FeiT-ris can bury the dead. " Whenayou saved- me nature must lihve prompted it, and when you recog nised on my bare arm the crest our father pricked there wvith India Ink, and revealing your ann show-ed that you had the samue brand, the past came back to us, id ivWe:knew that we were brother and sister separated years ago. Now, Zulita, my secret is that I have found our father." (To be concluded next week.) 