222= — — — : : : — — ; — Mysterious Mr. Sabim." (BY E. PHILLIPS OPPENHEQL) Author of "Till the Day of Judgment," "A Daughter of Antrco." CHAPTER XXXI.— Continued. Mr. Sabin drew a- letter from lus poorac ,„d handed it over to Wolfenden. It was fin the office of one of the first European reviews, and briefly contained a request that Mr Sabiii would iavor tnem. witu an tutiuc on ' the comparative naval strengths of European powers, with particular reference to the armament and coast defences of Treat Britain. Wolfenden read it carefully, and passed it hack. The letter was genuine, there was no doubt about that. "It seemed to me," Mr. Sabin continued, "the most natural thing in the world to con sult your father upon certain matters con cerning which he is. or has been, a cele brated authority. In fact, I decided to do so at the instigation of one of the Lords of the Admiralty to whom ho is personally veil known. I had no idea of acting except in the most open manner, and I called at Deringham Hall yesterday afternoon, and tent in my card in a perfectly orthodox way, as you may have heard. Your mother took quite an unexpected view of the whole affair, owing partly to your father's unfor tunate state of health, and partly to some extraordinary attempts, which I am given to understand, have been made to rob him of his work. Sho .was very anxious to help me, but insisted that it must be secretly. Last night's business was, I admit, a gliastly mistake— only it was not my mistake! I yielded to Lady Deringham's proposals un der strong protest. As a man, I think I may say of Bome intelligence, I am ashamed of the whole affair; at the same time I am guilty only of indiscretion which was sanc tioned and instigated by your mother. I really do not see how I can take any blame to myself in the matter." '.You could scarcely attribute to Lady Deringham," Wolfenden remarked, "the injury to the watchman." "I can take hut little blame to myself," Mr. Sabin answered promptly; "the man was drunk; he had been, I imagine, made drunk; and I merely pushed him out of my way. He fell heavily, but tlie fault was not mine. Look at my physique, and remember that I was unarmed, and ask yourself what mischief I could possibly have done to the fellow." Wolfenden reflected. "You appear to be anxious," he said, "to convince me that your desire to gain access to a portion of my father's papers is a harm less one. I should like to ask you why you have in your employ a young lady who was dismissed from Deringham Hall in circum stances of strong suspicion?" Mr. Sabin raised his eyebrows. "It is the first time I have heard of any thing suspicious connected with Miss Mor ton," lie said. "She came into my service with excellent testimonials, and I engaged her at Willing's bureau. The fact that she had been engaged at Deringham Ilail was merely a coincidence." "Was it also a coincidence," Wolfenden continued, "that, in reply to a letter at tempting to bribe my . father's secretary, Mr. Blathonvick, it was she (Miss Mcrton) who kept an appointment with him?" "That," Mr. Sabin answered, "I know nothing of. If you wish to question Miss Jlerton, you are Quite at liberty to do so; I ivill send for her." Wolfenden shook his head. Miss Merton was far too clever to com mit herself," he Baid; "she knew from the just that she was being watched, and be haved accordingly. If she was not there as your agent, her "position becomes more extraordinary still." I can assure you," Sir. Sabin said, with an air of weariness, "that I am not the man of mystery you seem to think me. I should never dream of employing such roundabout means for gaining possession of a few statistics." Molfenden was silent. His case was altogether one of surmises ; he coutd prove nothing. I'cihaps," he said, "I have been precipi tate. It would appear so. But if I am unduly suspicious, you have yourself only to blame! You admit that your name is an assumed one. You refuse my suit to Jour niece without any reasonable cause! You are evidently, to be frank, a person of muck more importance than you lay claim to be, Now, be open with mo. If there IB any reason, although I cannot conceive an honest one, for concealing your identity, i .'5,' 1T.' rcsPcet your confidence abso lutely. You may rely upon that! Tell me who you are, and who your niece is, and why you are travelling about in this mysterious way." nr. smiled good-humoredly. Well," he said, "you must forgive mc if plead guilty to false identity, and pre- sen c it. For certain reasons it would not wit me to take even you into my confi dence. Besides which, if you will forgive my saying so, there does not seem to be the least necessity for it. We ore leaving ere during the week, and shall in all pro- ability go abroad almost at once; so we are not likely to meet again. Let us part Pleasantly, and "abandon a somewhat profit- mss discussion." . For a moment Wolfenden was staggered. They were leaving England! Going away! That meant that he would see no more of Helene. His indignation against the man, kindled Into almost passionate anger bv his mother's story, was forgotten, over shadowed by a keen thrill of personal dis appointment. If they were really leaving England, he might bid farewell to any chance of winning her— and there were cer tain words of hers, certain gestures, which had commenced to fan that little flame of hope which nothing as yet had ever been able to extinguish. He looked into Mr. Sabin s quiet face, and he was conscious of a sense of helplessness. The man was too strong and too wily for him; it was an unequal contest. We will abandon the discussion, then, il you will," Wolfenden said slowly. "I wifi talk to Lady Deringham again. She is in an extremely nervous state; it is pos sible, of course, that she may have misun derstood you." Air. Sabin sighed with an air of gentle relief. Ah ! if the men of other countries were only as easy to delude as these English men, what a triumphant career might yet be his! "I am very glad," he said, "that you do mc the honor to take what I can assure you is the correct view of the situation. I hope that you will not hurry away; may I not offer you a cigarette?" "Wolfenden sat down for the first time. "Are you in earnest," he asked, "when you speak of leaving England so soon?" "Assuredly! You will do me the justice to admit that I have never pretended to like your country, have I? I hope to leave it for Beveral years, if not for ever, within the course of a few weeks." "And your niece, Mr. Sahin?" "She accompanies me, of course; she likes this country even less than I do. Perhaps, in the circumstances, our departure is the best tiling that could happen, it is at any rate opportune." "I cannot agree with you," Wolfenden said, "for me it is most inopportune. I need scarcely say that I have not abandoned iny desire to make your niece my wife." "I should have thought," Mr. Sabin said, with a fine note of satire in his tone, ''that you would have put far awny ;fronr you all idea of any connection with' BUqii.' suspicious personages." / ' ' ' "1 have never had,"f rWol f ndengj (Jajd calmly, " any suspicioii at all' cSnt'eriiiig your niece." .-j "She would he, I am "sure,;.much jfla£ tered," Air. Sahin declared. "At the'sSme time I can scarcely see on what grounds you continue to hope for an impossibility. AIv niece's refusal seemed to be explicit enough, especially when coupled with, iny own positive prohibition." : " "Your niece," Wolfenden said, "is doubtless of age. I should not trouble about your consent if I . could gain hers, and I may as well tell you at once that I do not despair of doing so." - Air. Sabin hit his lip, and his dark' eyes flashed out with a sudden fire. . ; "I should be glad to know, sir," he said, "on what grounds you consider my voice tn the affair to he ineffective?" "Partly," Wolfenden answered, for the reason which I have already given you be cause your niece is of age; and partly be cause you persist in giving me no definite reason for your refusal." ,, , . "I have told you distinctly, Air. Salun said, "that my niece is betrothed, and will be married within six months." "To whom, where is he, why is lie not here? Your niece wears.no engagement ring. I will answer for it, that if she is us you say betrothed, it is not of her own free will." , _ , . "You talk." Air. Sahin said, with danger ous calm, "like a fool. It is not customary amougst the clasB to which my niece ^be longs to wear always an engagement ring. As for her affections, she lias had, I am glad to say, a suliicieut self-control to keep them to herself. Your presumption is simply the result of your entire ignorance. 1 appeal to you for the last time, Lord Wolfenden. to behave" like a man of common sense, and abandon hopes which can only end iu disap pointment. . . ... . "I have no intention of doing anything of the sort," Wolfenden said doggedly; "wo Englishmen nre a pig-headed race, as you were once polite enough to observe. "Your niece is the only woman I have wished to many, and I shall marry her, if I can." „ "I shall make it my especial concern, Mr. Sabin said firmly, "to sec that all inter course between you ends at once. Wolfenden rose to his feet. "It is obviously useless," he said, to continue this conversation; I have told you iny intentions. I shall pursue them to the best of my ability. Good morning.' Air. Sahin held out liis hand. "I have just a word more to say to you, he declared, "it is about your futher." "I ilo not desire to discuss my father, or anv other matter with you," Wolfenden sai'd, quietly. "As to my father's work, I am determined to solve tho mystery connec ted with it once and l'or all. I have wired for Mr. C— to come down, and, if necessary, take possession of the papers. Yon can get what information you require from htm yourself." , . , Air. Sahin rose up slowly; white fingers were clasped around the head of that curious stick of his. There was a peculiar glint in his eyes, and his cheeks were pale with passion. fx,, "I am verv much obliged to you for tell ing mc that," he said, "it is valuable infor mation for mc. I will certainly apply to .Mr." lie had been drawing nearer and nearer to Wolfenden. Suddenly lie stopped, and, with a swift movement, raised the stick on which ho had been leaning, over his head. It whirled round in a semicircle. Wolfenden, fascinated by that line of gleam- ing green light, hesitated for a moment, then lie sprang backwards, but he was too late. The head of the stick came down on his head. His upraised arm did little to break the force of the blow. He sank to the ground with a smothered groan. CHAPTER XXXn. At the sound of his cry Helene, who had been crossing the hall, threw open the door just as AIc. Sabin'B fingers were upon the key. Seeing that he was powerless to keep from her the knowledge of what had hap pened, he did not oppose her entrance. She glided into the centre of the room with a stilled cry of terror. Together she and Air. Sabin bent over Wolfenden's -motion less figure. Air. Sabin unfastened the waist coat and felt his heart. She did. not speak until he had held his hand there for seve ral seconds, then she asked a question, "Have you killed him?" Air. Sabin shook his head and smiled gently. "Too tough a skull by far," he said. "Can you get a basin and a towel without anyone seeing you?" She nodded and fetched them from her own room. The water was fresh and cold, and the towel was of fine linen, daintily hemmed and fragrant with the perfume of violets. Yet neither of these things, nor the soft warmth of her breathing upon his cheek, seemed to revive liim in the least. He lay quite still in the same heavy stupor. Air. Sabin stood upright and looked at him thoughtfully. His face had grown almost haggard. "We had better send for a doctor," she whispered fiercely, "I shall fetch one my self if you do not!" Aft'. Sabin gently dissented. "I know quite as much as any doctor," he said. "The man is not dead or dying, or likely to die. I wonder if we could move him on to that sofa." Together they managed it somehow. Air. Sabin, in the course of his' movements to and fro about the room, was attracted by tlie sight of the dog cart still wailing out side. He frowned and stood for a moment looking thoughtfully at it. Then he went outside. "Are you waiting for Lord Wolfenden?" he asked the groom. Tlie mail looked up in surprise. "Yes, sir, I sent him down here nearly an hour ago, I had 110 orders to go home." "Lord Wolfenden had evidently forgotten all about you," Air. Sahin said; "He left by the hack way for the golf course, and 1 am going to join him there directly. He is not coming back here at all. You had better go home X should think." The man touched his hat. "Very good, sir." "There was a little trampling up of the gravel, and Wolfenden's dog cart rapidly dis appeared in the distance. Mr. Sabin, with set face, and a hard glitter in his eyes, went back into the morning room. Ilclene was still on her knees by Wolfenden's prostrate figure when he entered. She spoke to him without looking up. "He is a little better,. I think; he opened his eyes just now." . "He is not seriously hurt," Air. Sahin said; "there may be some slight concussion .—nothing more. Tlie question is, first, what tcrdo with him, and, secondly, how to make '.the best use of tlie time which must elapse beforeihe will he well enough to go home." fjhe looked at him now in horror. He was always like this, unappalled by anything , which' might happen, eager only to turn eVe.rV trick of. fortune to his own ends. 1 Surely his nerves were of steel, and liis heart of iron." v.; ' . ? "I think," slie said, "that I should first make sure that he is likoly to recover at tall!" All. Sahin answered mechanically, his thoughts seemed far away. "liis recovery is a thing already assured," he said. "His skull was too hard to crack; :he will be laid up for an hear or two. What I- have to decide is how to use that hour or two to the best possible advantage." She looked away from him, and shud dered. This passionate absorption of all his energies into one channel had made a fiend of the man. Her slowly growing pur pose took to itself root and branch, as she knelt by the side of the young Englishman, who only a few moments ago h.ia seemed the very embodiment of all manly vigor. Air. babin stood up. He. had arrived at a determination. "Helene," lie said, "I amgoing away for an hour, perhaps two. Will, you take care of him until I return?" "Yes!" "You will promise not to leave him or to send for a doctor?" ,,'" V ' r-; "I will promise, unless ' he. seems to grow worse." "Ho will not get worse.; ;IIe will he con scious in less than an hour. Keep liim with you as long' as you caii. He will he safer here. Remember that."' "I will remember," she said. He left the room, and soon she heard the sound of carriage wheels rolling down tlie avenue. His departure was an intense relief to her. She wutclitid the carriage, furiouslv driven, disappear along the road. Then she returned to Wolfenden's side. For nearly an hour she remained there, bathing liis head, forcing now ami then a little brand" between bis teeth, and watch ing bis breathing become more regular and the gliastly whiteness leaving his tace. And nil the while she was thoughtful. Once or twice her hands touched lus hair tenderly, almost caressingly. There was a certain wistfulness in her regard of him. She bent close over his Tace; lie was still apparently as unconscious as ever. She hesitated for a moment; the red color burned in one bright spot on her cheeks. She stooped down and kissed him on the forehead, whispering something under her breath. Almost be fore sho could draw hack ho opened his eyes. She was overwhelmed with con fusion, but, seeing that he had no clear knowledge of what had happened, she rapidlv recovered herself. He looked around him, and then up into her face, "What has happened? ' he asked. ' Where J11T1 i?" "You are at the Lodge," she said, quietly. "You called to sec AliaSaliin this morning, you know— and I am afraid you must have quarrelled." ..... . , "Ah, it was that beastly stick, lie said, slowly. "He struck at me suddenly. IV here is ho now?" ; She did not answer him- at once. It was certainly better not to say that she hod. seen liim driven rapidly away only a short tune ago, with liis horses' heads turned , to De ringham Hall. 'MTo will be back soon, she said. Do not think about him, please. I cannot .tell you how sorry I am. Me was recovering himself rapidly, borac- thing in her eyes was sending the blood warmly through his veins; he felt better every instant. ' ...... "I do not want to think about .him, lie murmured. "I do not want to think about any one else hut you." " She looked down at him with a hair pa- thetic, half humorous twitching of her "You must please not make love to me, or 1 shall have to leave you," she said. . The idea of thinking about such a thing in your condition. You don't want to send me away, do you?" "On the contrary," he answered, "I want to keep you always with me." "That," she said, briefly, "is impossi- Notliing," he declared, "is impossible, if only we make up our minds to it." I have made up mine." "You are very masterful. Are all English men as confident as you?" "I know nothing about other men," he declared. "But I love you, Helene, and I am not sure that you do not care a little for She drew her hand away from his tigliten- "I am going," she said. "It is your own fault; you have driven me away." Iler draperies rustled as she moved to- wnrds the door— hut she did not go far. "I do not feel so well," he said, quietly. " believe that I am going to faint. She was on her knees by his side again in a moment. For a fainting man the clasp of his fingers around hers was wonderfully strong. "I feel better now," ho announced, calm ly. "I shall be all right if you stay quietly here, and don't move about." She looked at him doubtfully. "I do not believe," she said, "that yon felt ill at all. You are taking advantage of me." "I can assure you that I am not," he an swered; "wlion'you arc here I fee! a diffe rent man." "I am quite willing to stay if you will behave yourself," she said. "Will you please define good behavior?" ho begged. "In the present instance," she laughed, it consists in not saying silly things." "A thing which is true cannot be silly," he protested. "It is true that I am never happv with out you. That is why I shall never give you up. She looked down at him witli bright eyes, and a frown which did not come easily. "If you persist in making love to me," she said, "I am going away. It is not per mitted—understand that." He sighed. ' "l am afraid," lie answered softly, "that I shall always be indulging in the Iuxury of the forbidden. For I love you, and I shall never weary of teljing you so. "Then I must see," she declared, making a subtle hut unsuccessful attempt to disen gage her hand, "that you have fewer oppor tunities." "If you mean that," he said, "I must cer tainly make the most of this one. Helene, you- could care for me, I know, and I could make you .happy. You say 'No' to me he- cause there is some vague entanglement— I will not call it an engagement— with some one else. You do not care for liim, I am sure. Don't marry him! It will be for your sorrow. .So many women's lives nre spoilt like that. Dearest," he added, gain ing courage from her averted face, "T can make you happy, I am sure of it! I do not know who you are or who your people are, but they shall he my people — nothing mat ters except that I love you. I don't know what to say to you, Helene. There is some thing shadowy in your mind, whicli seems to come between us. I don't know what it is, or I would dispel it. Tell me, dear, won't you give me a chance?" She yielded her other hand to his im patient fingers, and looked down at him wistfully. Yet there was something in her gaze which ho could not fathom. Of one thing he was very sure; there was a little tenderness sliining out of her dark, brilliant eyes, a little regret, a little indecision. On the whole he was hopeful. "Dear," she said softly, "perhaps I do care for vou a little. Perhaps — well, some time in the future what you arc thinking of might be posiihle; I cannot say. Some thing apart from you has happened, which lias changed my life. You must let me go for a little while. But I will promise you this. . The entanglement of which you spoke shall be broken off. I will have no more to do ''with that nian!" He sat upright. "Helene, ho said, you are making me very happy, hut there is one thing which I must ask you, and which you must forgive me for asking. This entanglement of which vou speak has nothing to do with Mr. Sa biii?" "Nothing whatever, she answered promptly. "How I should like to tell you everything. But I have made a solemn pro mise, and I must keep it. My lips are sealed. But olio thing I should like you to understand, in case you have ev.er had any doubt about it. Air. Sabin Is really my un cle — my mother's brother. He is engaged in a great enterprise, in which I am a ne cessary figure.. He has suddenly become verv much afraid of von." "Afraid of me!" wolfenden repeated. She nodded. . ,, "I ought to tell you, perhaps, that my marriage with someone else is necessary to insure the full success of his plans. So you see he has set himself to keep us apart. "The more you tell mc the more bewil dered I get," Wolfenden declared. "What mode him attack me just now without any warning? Surely ho did not wish to kill mc." Her hand within his seemed to grow colder. "You were imprudent, she said. "Imprudent? In what way?" "You told him that you had sent for Air. C to come and go through your father's papers." " What of it? "I cannot tell you any more." Wolfenden rose to liis feet. He was still giddy, hut he was able to stand. "All that lie told me here was a tissue of lies, then! Helene, I will not leave you with cuch a man. You cannot continue to live with liim." , ,,T "I do not intend to," she answered. "I want to get away. What lias happened to day is more than I can pardon, even from liim. Yet yon must not judge him too harshly. In his way he is a great man, and he is plnnning great things winch are not wholly for his advantage. But he is un scrupulous. So 'long as the end is great, he believes himself justified in stooping to any means." . - Wolfenden shuddered. "You must not live another dny with him," ho exclaimed; "you will come to Deringham Hall. AIv mother will be only "too glad to' come and fetch you. It is not very cheerful there just now, but anything is better than leaving you with this man." She looked at him curiously. Her eyes were soft with something which suggested pitv. but resembled tears. "No," she said, "that would not do at all. You must not think, because I have been living with Air. Sahin, that I have no other relations or friends. i have a very great many of both, only it was arranged that I should leave them for a while. I can go back at any time; I am altogether iny own ' mistress." "Then go back at once," he begged her feverishly. "I could not bear to think of you living here with this man another hour. Have your things put together now, and tell your maid. Let me take you to tlie sta tion. I want to see you leave this infernal house, and this ntmosphere of cheating and ' lies, when I do." Her lips parted into the ghost of a smile. "I have not found so much to regret ill' , my stay here," she said softly. He held out his arms, but she eluded him gently. "I hope," he said, "nay, I know that you will never regret it. Never! Tell me what you are going to do now." "I shall leave here this afternoon," she said, "and go straight to some friends in' London. Then I shall make new plans, or rather set myself to the remaking of old ones. When I am ready, I will write to vou. But remember, again, I make no pro- He held out his hands. ' "But you will write to me?" She hesitated. "No; I shall not write to you. I am not- going to give you my address even; you must he patient for a little while." "Vou will not go away. You will not at 'past leave England without seeing "Not unless I am compelled," she pro mised, "and then, if I go, I will come back again, or let you know where I am. You need not fear; I am not going to slip away, andlie lost! You Bliall see me again." W olfenden was dissatisfied. "I liate letting you go," he said. "I hate all this mystery. When one comes to think of it, I do not even know your name. It is ridiculous. Why cannot I take you to London, and we can he married to- morrow? Then I should have the right to protect you against this blackguard." She laughed softly. Her lips were parted in dainty curves, and her eyes were lit with merriment. "How delightful you are," she exclaimed. And to think that the women, of my coun try call vou Englishmen slow wooers!" "Won t you prove the contrary?" he - begged. She shook her head. "It is already proved. But if you are sure you feel well enough to walk, please go now. I want to catch the afternoon train to London." He held out his hands, and tried oneo more to (Iran- her to him. But she stepped backwards laughing. "You must please he patient," she said, ' and remember, that to-day I am betrothed to — somebody else! Good-bye!" (To be continued.) 