CHAPTER XIX. — REVEALED BY A CAMP-FIRE. When left alone as he was by his weird guide, called by the prisoner of Surgeon Powell the Ghost of the Moun tain, Cody seemed to feel that his rescuer had thus resented his deter mination to ride nearer and find out who he was. He waited for some little while to see if he would return, and as he did not, and he was very cold, almost frozen, he decided to camp; for he was not at all in dread of the outlaws after the severe lesson he had given them, and with that stream filled with ice to cross to pursue him. It was so bitterly cold that his wet clothing had frozen, hard, and his fingers were benumbed. If he did not build a fire soon he knew well what the result would be. Back on the trail a short distance he remembered to have crossed a stream in a little vale, with a pine thicket on I either side, and there he knew he would be sheltered. I He had his box of matches with him, i for the outlaws had not taken that, and he walked back over the trail, for he was too cold to mount and ride. As he reached the little valley there flashed upon him the glimmer of a camp- fire. At once he was all caution, : and hitching his horse he crept forward | to reconnoitre. I He got quite near, and saw' that the I camp wras in a sheltered spot, and the fire could only be seen from one direc He saw' a man in the camp, and as his eyes fell upon him he discovered that his hands were bound together, and he was standing against a tree, the handle of a knife between his teeth, the point sticking into the pine before him, and he was slowly rubbing the raw-hide bonds writh v'hieh he was secured to and fro across the edge of the blade. The scout crept still nearer to have a better view. Suddenly his eyes fell upon a prostrate form, and as the fire flared up more brightly he recognised Surgeon Powell. "Heavens, It is Frank Powell! But Is he dead or a prisoner?” So saying, Cody drew his revolver and drew' hearer, just as the man cut through the raw-hide bond, and grasping the knife quickly severed those upon his feet. . Then he seized the knife more firmly and turned towards the prostrate form of the Surgeon Scout, while he called out, savagely: “Now, my doctor pard, all farms be tween us is off, and what you has be longs to me.” He made a move forward, to suddenly hear the words: "Hands up! Your life belongs to me!” The sudden revulsion of feeling seemed to fairly frenzy the man, and with, a wild yell he wheeled towards Cody, and sprang like a tiger towards him. There was the flash and report of a revolver, and the man uttered a cry of rage and pain but saill rushed on. In his half frozen condition Cody well know that he was no match for the man, and he took better aim, for in the wea pon was his last shot. . It was true, and the man fell at his feet, burying the knife to the hilt in the hard ground. "Ha! "Who fired that shot?" The Surgeon Scout was sitting up, his hand to his head, and in a dazed way trying to recall himself. "Thank God, Frank, you are not dead, as I feared! I fired the shot and killed the fellow that was going to knife you. But I am too cold to talk now.” And the scout went as near the fire as he dared, and felt its genial warmth. Frank Powell still sat on the ground in a dazed way. Then he put his hand to the back of his head and felt a gash there, the cold having congealed the “I am wounded. Yes, I saw Cody in chase of a ghost, and was about to bring the weird creature’s horse down -with a Shot, when my prisoner threw himself upon me, and I fell backward. Tell me, Cody, are you there, old pard, or am I dreaming or delirious, for I feel mighty queer?” “I am here, Frank, and as near frozen as a man can be and live. You did see me chasing a ghost, but it was one who had rescued me from the outlaws, and I left her not far from here. I was hunting a place to camp, when I saw your fire, and was just in time to nip that rascal’s murderous intention." Surgeon Powell, rose to his feet, glanced at the dead outlaw, and, grasp ing Cody’s hand, said: "I remember all now, and once more, Bill Cody, I owe you my life.” 