Palmerston : Friday, June 24. The attempt which is being made by Mr. J. L. Parsons, S.A. Consul for Japan, to found a Japanese colony in the Territory is not altogether unexpected. The gentleman has consistently advocated Asiatics for the Territory, and in his capacity as Consul, knowing that the Japs wished to get a footing in Australia, it was only natural that he should attempt a colonising scheme of some sort in the N.T. A singular point in regard to the scheme is that the proposition seems to have gone to England first, but even more extraordinary than this is the circumstance that the British Cabinet has actually taken the matter into consideration as if South Australia hadn't the ghost of a right to be consulted. By her action Great Britain practically claims the authority to do as she pleases about the Territory without reference to South Australia. Yet only a few years ago, when the question of ownership cropped up, she pledged her word not to interfere in the administration of the Territory without consulting South Australia. It is astonishing, after living all these years in the belief that we were an interesting portion of South Australia, to find that we are in reality a Crown Colony, and subject in the most important matters of state to the dictates of the British Cabinet. South Australia admits this too by her remarkably mild and meek way of protesting. She I makes no pretence whatever of doubt- ing England's authority to entertain Mr. Parson's proposal, but simply requests the Cabinet to withold its influence. She doesn't ask in the polite language of diplomacy who is running this show % ' as one would expect her to do on the contrary she exhibits a desire to shirk the responsibility of mothering us in so delicate a matter, thus giving Great Britain an open course to do just as she pleases. South Australia may possibly rise to the dignity of a formal protest later on. In the meantime John Bull and the Jap are sure to come to a mutually agreeable understanding about the Victoria River agricultural settlement. The exigencies of wars and rumours of wars render this certain. The talk of an Anglo-Japanese offensive and defensive alliance is not all moonshine, and so long as Great Britain contemplates such a union, she is scarcely likely to do anything that might have the effect of offending the sensibilities of Japan. Excluding her people from j e Australia would surely not he taken st by Japan as an act of friendliness, I t hence if Japan wants to send settlers n here, and it is only necessary to obtain j p permission from England, she may be a sure of a ready assent. On our reckon- j ii ing the Parsons settlement will become ' than accomplished fact, and to judge by j of the way it has been brought about the c Territory is in the peculiar predicament that it doesn't know it's own mother. The situation created by England's attitude in this matter is anomalous, to make the best of it, and it is so prophetic of trouble to come that the Australian Governments should very promptly find out precisely how far she intends to show her authority in affairs connected with the administration of the Northern Territory. Noth- ing could be more preposterous than to assume this dependency to be under South Australian management when the Home Government may at any moment treat our colonial administra- tors with utter contempt, and take upon itself the settlement of questions of the gravest importance, such as, for instance, the establishment of Asiatic communities on our best rivers. South Australia has two courses more or less dignified open to her. She must either enter a vigorous protest against Great Britain's action, or, failing that, invite the mother country to take over the Territory and run it on her own lines. That the latter would be a universally agreeable consummation is extremely doubtful. 