POLITICAL. -. 0---- MR, CAMPBELL'S ADDRESS. ON Monday last Mr. Alexander Campbell delivered his opening address in the present political'campaign, so the Oddiellowe' I all, Kiama. The Mayor (Mr. Thomas Love) presided, and, the night being fiue, there was a good attendance. J ho chairman briefly introduced Mr. Campbell to the audience. Mr. Campbell was reoeived with applause. He said he was pleased to see so many there that night. Considering he was their re presentative, it was only right they should hear him on the political situation. They had heard a grnat deal about what he had done wrongly and what he had left undoone but if he could not satisfy them that the acusations made against him were without foundation it was in their power to deal with him at the ballot box as his conduct deserved. He regretted that Mr. Fuller had taken, such a course in his address. Had he (the speaker) taken the platform first, no such personal matters would have escaped his lips regarding Mr. Failler. Mr. Fuller had made so many charges against him that he had .no alternative but to defend the actions he had taken, in justice to himself and those who returned him to Parliament. The first question was that of local option. He fully expected that Mr. Fuller would revert to it. It was a ques tion of'considerable interest to this district and the colony in general, He took it for granted that.when a man was elected to Parliament his constituents did not want a masblo man, and one that would not keep pact with the movement of the times and modern ideas. He had been returned with a free hand, and he had exercised his right of vote to the beat of his judgment and di oretion, and to deviate slightly where occa sion required it, Most temperance men must have seen that it was impossible to get a Loal Option Bill passed or made acceptable without some syJtem of com peosation. Four years ago when the ques tion was spoken of it looked like either buying out a publican or paying him in cash for any loss he might have .sustained. Various systems of compeneation were mooted; and the motion on which he gave his. 'vote- was one to devise some means of equitable compensation-to allow a man a tow years to recoup himself i where there were two hotels in one town aud.one was closed, a levy should be made on the house open to make up the rental and assist to compensate the person whose house 'was closed. Tney must not stand upon rigid lines on thin question I and if some'slight compromise could be made the great principle could be obtained, and that was what the people wanted. When he found that in both Houses of Parliament there was not a ghost of a show for a 'Bill' without compensation, he thought he'was acting in the interests of the great principle of local option by voting to allow a principle of compensation to be discussed. He did not bind himself to any principle or system of compensation. He had been mterepre seated in his action to connection with this matter. Mr. Fuller had said that he never deviated from his pledges; but the speaker quoted from an editorial paragraph of four years ago in a local paper to. show that Mr. Fuller had changed his opinion on this same question;of compensation. This showed 'that they were at one on that question. The. paragraph referred to is as' follows .-"' We are not aware that Mr. Fuller has forfeited the confidence of his old oonstituenocy by any alteration in his political creed, except, perhaps, as regards his attitude to' the im portant question of compensation to publioens,' Mr. Fuller's psenomd charge was in connection with the Tenants BRights question. . The' speaker quoted from a speech made by him at the previous election to show that he had 'not proinlsed to bring, .in a Bill dealing iith this' question,'"bu' simply that he would support one if it iw'e'e' introduced. 'He still held the same opinion,. but he could not promise to. bring in such 'a Bills.' He h'id seeii the fathrof to6 mintt similar Bills, A 'private' 'mediber' mirgif suoceed -in' getting: a. small.Bill? Billprsed 'through ;'but with a Bill like.the Tenante. Bights they mlght,as well. try to fly up: to: the moon as get it through, , They.; would have to get one of the Ministera to take such a measure up; and what ohance would there be in. this case with the millions of .acres of land which the Government 'were desirous of getting rid of were in existence, The Government wanted to draw the people away from the landlords and' make them Crown tenants, therefore the ihntiro 'duction ' of a Tenants Rights Bill was suirounded 'with a greit deal .of'difio'ulty:.: lie woas epenking to a good" many tenant farmers in that audience who, would "see this': difficulty. He defied Mr. Fuller to ' say : he :.never , carried out ':- bil promise in ' this ' connection, as: he had;' made no. promise.: whatever, As regarded the Public Servioe Bill he was prpared to tkeo.the responsibility of having voted to defeat it. He did not believe there was ever an Act passed that was adminieteredl with such 'harehiuess .and oruelty as this had beeoon, (Adplause,).') He would not deny that there was pileinty 'of room for reform and improvement in the civil servioe(epplaueo) ; but two wrongs did not malko a rght .. T?ie administratiorn of this' Act. had :reflected no credit' utpon t?te Government that introduced it and stood by while the Public Sorvice Commissioners wore carrying out the -manty deeds of., hardship, A gentleman in thedlistriut next ocur own, who held contribUted to 'the ul0i" Service fund for manry years, was dismissed without a moment's notice;' and though he was entitled to a good sum fiom the duper-i annuation fund he' 'ws offelred by the Cornmislsioneora the sum of .~,. ' He would not accept it as componensation for all. 'the money he had paid into the fund, He plaood the niattvr in the hands of a solieiior,'' and the Conimissionera' thenr offered4 htm £50 Now, was that the way toadmioister the Act. . 2 . ' I A voice l Name the .man I Mr. Campbell: The late COirkl of Poity 8eselons at Nowra, (Applause,) He was not atrguing Whetho' this man had carried out bis duties:proporly I hut was it right to administer the Aot with such a system of. birteorand in a sense "rob a man of .his birthright P'' He. would say. it was ti secandaloussahiote. He had voted against' that Board, and was not ashamed of it. (Applause,) Mr, Fuller had:refeired to his action in connection with' theb Land and Income' Tax Aot, and quoted several remarks mside by the speaker. on the subI; jeot in the House, The time to whieh MrI, ullor referred he (Mr. Campbell) hadboon speaking to ano amendment on a clause in the'Bill, :There were .people who had mortgages on their property, and .thue mortgagee had to pay .an Inlone tax on'tbo interest derived from' that.mortgage, ind I the mortgagor reslceived a relate 'on the land tax to the', extent of iho' aim paid through .the inconiom. tax, (Mr. Oampbell i quoted'from hie spoeoh on the uthjoct In the "Hnnsard" of l8lth.Mareh, 1816 )". His opponent had' madelo use of: oxtrates.'rome th i speech to show thal he (Mr. Cainpholl. believed t a just anil wise Act. 'Thers were' a .god mnnmy. poopleo in. thus distrat whoa would' y. that lob' •k~ T ·,, Bl1^? lt I^?.ns'--.,llt . rl,,.t' .. (,tpplanse.) ie had opposed the land tax u?d the nuut,m~ni dut:oa boeig taken iff. It had been said ithat not two men in this district would be called upon to pay a land tax; but he did ?4it think that the man who Faid eo would come t, the district and speak egaiuet him at this election with the same tale. He held to his opinions and was not tfiaid to speak of them. He beuhved he had not a personal opponeut in the district, but in bKiiaa ha had more jpldical oppo,,ents thun elsewhere, and he would tell thom that since he had seen a little of the administration of thie Act he was more opposed to it than ever, and would give his 'vote to abolish it. Mr. Fuller had asked him or any of his supporters to show one single thing he had done for the northern end of the distriot. Take the ext owe north-the Mionamurra Iiver, where he and his brother had seoured £300 for expenditure in cleaning out the chauuel of the river, at the suggestion of the Kiama Muuioipal COuncil, they had also advocated the draining of Terrugong Swamp; and though it {vas not the good thing that the "engineer' had boomed it to be, still a great deal of benefit had resulted from the work. Within the last twelve months he had been the meanus of securing a new publio school building for Bombo, and not very long ago he had secured a grant of £85 to improve the North Kitma cemetery. It was not so very long ago that he had ad vocated mprosements to the Kioma post ofilce, and it was painted, renovated and improvements made to it ; and the lootpath I was repaired partly at the expense of the Postal and other Departmeuts, He had interviewed the autholittes and had the lights around the harbor re lit, after a re fusal had been made to do so, Not very long ago he got £100 for improvements to the show and rlereation ground. ',orne 12 or 16 monthd ago he had seecud a promieo trom the Minister for Agritultpre to grant £800 to. the KEama Agricultubal Soeety, but because the Laud au4 Income taxes did not come in very. well the money was not granted.' He was not responsible for that. Notwithstauding, ho had a doouuient in his possession to show that the money would be placed on the estimates for the sooiety. TJEDERA'IION . The leading question in tonneotion with the present election would be Federation. i He was happy to know that all parties were prepared to lay aside. the. flioua question until this great ounstitutional principle is obtained, or as far as N.r.W. is conuerned until every reaouable compromise id made to secure this gloat principle, He was prepared to lay avide the ftiual queation until' every legitimate means ha.t boon exhausted to bring about thea, relorm, When they fonud that they could not get reaeonable coicessionse from the other oolk.nies he reserved the right to return and fight tor his leader for the principles he had always'advocated in Parliament. He had been charged by Mr. 'Fullet.':witt' liot speaking in Ktama op the eubjeot ot Feder ation, ie had been *at a meeting' here which, was addressed by Mr. Bruce Smith I aud'althougli, huA£'fi'"." uif'pblil) had given a short addiesa:on thi t:occaiotd, bhoethought it-would be presaumptiod ouh.hie part to.,attempt to.follow such.,anu.able: speaker and dahineator:i' Mr;' Sdiith, "fiid had uonsequeutly gone. to .othor-.centres 'where ho thought he otild ilto.moiit"gool, His vote on this question in Parliament' had been one of toe most important he ,recordedr . ;eU-lo a eepted . the' tel sponeibtlity 'of' Ii, He' ha'd helped tue Federal Buibilug Bill: through ' Parlha mont, antj . then voted to , rpise .the minimfm r'e'frebduni vote friom 11) i1 to 80,000. He reo ogissd tht, " . .itter of suuh wide' wipo'rtita. requiredd a .bigger. majority vote than 60.000, when they came to consider the 280,000 voters on :the rolls ,ofthe o'ilduy-: lH'hba'hconidered that the! .objootionable parts ofthe . Ounvehtio'n. Bill. were not of puch al,?aye oharacter thai they", couild' not be; amended by'" the . F, deral Parlikmepnt"f they. we'e fdund:not to: worki .sattefotorily,.' The 8,000:.votes had not been rpached,, however, and.he now.elaimed {the votes of all wn0o. voted .iigaipgt the, 09hoventibioi Biiiit' f s :te reaen that if. he bhad.idveicatil'l mi'nimum 'uvote of' 60,1j.01 Sth ftillRw ilili'h'd~ iesedad' ind he?boige't'h law.-they would have had the Bill'ln'their shoulders and have been compolled.to join. ini the Federation whether 'they wished it or no,.. leo n?ad never said he had con-' sidered the B It 'a perfect one. He hied spoken of the 'Kjiradidoi Blot ':and. believed it would have bee ' amended' in'a very short time. He had as on an announcement in 'the looal, press stating .tht. Mr.l,-,.uller had deioded to deliver Iun addless on the queation os Fedoratiot';' ad :wa assured tuat Mr. Fuller wasgt?tig to speak in favor of'if., B it Whebtn'Mr. .Fltr. lotnudithat he (Myr.,eampbell) was n fai',,, of it, agd that ttiroe was a cortatii amount of oppoeitionto it, :hi dditrago' ovideitl,' fledtled him ad"hie kept his addrase in his p'tiloket. 'tl'etlihotht that, after promising to speak on the question,. and when it was found there was opposition to his views he Sbolild put 'his addrecs I:ht le'ooktt, 'It'wadi :tilthdr" i humiliatlg. poeition for Mr' Fuller to bh in, . Rio .?. Fuller) b il'dohbarged.Mh~. Lyno with speaking againust the wholid 111, rwhereas' he was. preparod.ttor auobpt' it: '' three'clauses were atnended. if thelsr wt's one mite in the Conveution who 'Votedl for te'in'toeidete' of NSiW' it wase Mr. LjO," A voio ;. Whatt about Rld.id ... M Oam. pbtlil 'M r' Lye's.po,!i?pt .WI, moat d~0?eft?i~i tiIn lie U0 vso~eitiou, hitnd the olauses he.bopposed theroe he. 'had the oourage to' oppose and 'donountbc throbgh the whole country, What didI M'r'i Reid dO? Heo spoke uOne W?E and..vted aoaother. Now, Mr Fuller badll aid!i.:':good. deal 'about hla. inDcosisteioi 0 -'i0 ' fiOt, his ' address was' one ohapter relat% ig to inconsistonoies 'from 'beglinning to end, Mr.. leid bad 'admitted :in L'hiTs1 Milton speeooch that he"had booen. i?consist i:et' rd 'ai'M i;.Fuller : wse. ;pipjk?irel", f fJllow bim now ' le (the spealir)' still thought Mr. Rteid was inponsistont 'and inducers on thisr question, Eli was pro pared to take Mr. Lyne and Mr,. Bnirton as hileleaders on thise. question (Applause,) lIo believed in the'thorough earnoestnese of Mr,' Lyne ana tbh'o enthusiasm. of Mr. UBarton,: as etho; ewould be able to' leid Faderatioir to a succssful ihoeu .not only here but in the ethor cooleonie, The Premier had boef throwing out iteults to' the other 'oelonalte '.and no boe would say that many of his romarke in the .Coneoutlon were 'a oredit to the position he held..' .He often' :wondered to hear his low, vulgai rinter jeotione" in'Ithe Uouss aid hetir i them bhoeredbliyhis .pert, It: was a' ~vri bnd sign whoen auoh hiigae were cheered A voice':: What about Urleol?' Mr. OCampboll Mr. Oriolcdid noi ooupy the position of Preiier ' but hoe ould' say that during the tim be (the ?spealtkr) had boon in Parliament Mr ri Ork's o ionduct had shown oit muoh moro efavoidbly, th?l' the Piomluor's Spoakihg rf Fe'dergtlon, Mr Fuller bhud said that he(thr;.4in pboll) ente?i:d P'arliamdnt as fdittiader, "'theit .booainoe : protootiatohlet, icd glow: was a f,dutatitonlst pitOpaOled to, aditilt:to' thie coltuy the boiunty:fud buttier of Viocqrla, Mr Fuleor oeither had nio 'properly resid the Mihoy'lsu e'4 W ho 948798994f #U], as his powers of observation were not very a 'u. . Mr. Campbell read the clause- No;'.. 0,1 and Pt' explatiatnry note ) The butter' industry--the prinoipul oo in this distriet \- was an important one, and the Victorians or any other colouy as not the principal opponant New South Wales had. They would sep that recently 1200 b..xesaof butter. tad been. (mported here from Vanoonver, , cuompete'with the farmers' pro tuo here- thy was dot bounty fad' 'butter. New Z~lllaud, another large 4,xporter of butter did not propose to come into the Federatiou, On this aecount, Mr. Fuller'e arguments regarding his (the speaker's) attitude in connection with intercolonial froetrade were nothing at all, He had alware beau in favor of intereolonialtfreetradeo; . He had said eo at the last election--that he would advocate it along with a proper form of Federation. EH was pleased.to say. that there were not more than half a dozen protectionists in the laet'Parliament'who" opposed intorculoutal freetrade. None of them would raise barriers against the other colonies provid, d' N 8.W. was treated in a similar manner ins return; So far sa 'departing floin this policy and principle were concerned he. would never do it, It was the freetradore who would be giving: up their principles,-.: and it was only throwing duet in thti eyes of the people for the Ministers to esty they ware not.rieking anything by Fedenation. He was an advocate 'of. Interolloul'i fr'ii tadir, and always Gould be, but .he'was-_ not prepared to make this the dumping ground of all the other.colonies if they. would not treat us similarly. He wanted. to see the people of the. colony better Oem played. Was.there a man in the town who could say that business was better, now.. than five years ago P He would ask any working manor farmer to say what eatis faction it was- for them, going to Sydney, to. see the big importers driving about in their. carriugs and pair when they (the workers) hbd not the price of a bag of fi ur in their pooke P Mr. Reid might show a surplu?, but. it had come out of the pockets of the people, and many civil servaunt had :bei-n obbud to make it. up, Many a 'poor? farmer had to pay his taxes when he could not pay hie baker's bill. That 'wase *what swelled the revenue, " He would' like to see it obtained. from some other source. Mr. Fuller had asoused him at' Robertaon of not having' much to do with thU Macquarie Paess road-that he (M; fhller) had advocated it: when Mr. bruce SSmith was Minister for' Woiks'. His.: brother (Archibald Campbell) had advocated this road for 20 years, Mr'. Fuller for 9 years,'and he (the speaker)'ln two or three' years after he took It in hand, had had at opuned and celebrated the event with a big picnic the other day,. Mr. Fuller had used the same argument in connection with the Kangaroo Valley suspension bridge, which was the finest thing for the money. in the colony.' Mr, Fuller gave the credit for sacuring this bridge to himself and Mr. M'Oourt. (Hear, hear.) It. was not Mr. f.Cou0t who.voted for the' passing of the t/idgee;bict' one of his oallesgije. There wals not much done in the: t.atter until he (' he speaker) got intoPdFliiiii'ent, ' Though h, hbad not got .all he asked for, he had suceeded as well as a good many members. u ' justice to' the Governmunt-r nd the Minitry it must be said that they could not-grant all the'thiuge' that were asked.of tihom-: -Reference had been utade in the l.ast Kiaiia J3ounoilimeetihg 'tithe' fact that' a Government supporter (Mr.' Russell Jonies) had received, the ounseent of the Minister to get some: sewerage work carried "oit:lu hiL etletoifate r abhd: that it. would be''wll' to 'bear- this 'protise in mind in coriuectioun with atidy furither 'approaches which might beainade to 'the Goveremuent to construct a sewer in the Kiamac iwater reserve. The Minister for :Works; 'when he (the'epeaker) menutioned:.this..t natter to him after uottomng itin the 'Kiaim'a .papore,. told hin that the eleotors .ie -Mr, Russell.. iJ'boe! Oadieitunoy" 'paid a .weate and 'sewerage rate, andthereqohes wag'acteded to oun that. abeount alid to improve the sewerage of the oity +naud that if Kiama paid ;water -and seworage rates he wbuld graut the same thing .to them,: I?n.o epdLkibfg o thei con atruution of a.road!uplRobertaon way; Mr.. Fu?ler, eai that.it, as bciouseo an Opponent to,ihe (overnment repreesnted..e t ient that they did not get it; ud, tha?tifhq,, a' sup-. p'irtio?.ul the Governamet, represenidd'them they' would get it. It ?ie as :gi od i say ifig'that'he' ?pectod the Rbid Governmo nt to go back agagti (Ories of ."'hear, hear," and "so they will,") Mr,'I 'ullerts argu roeut Wa ceasting a.groat' refidetion on the ieid' Uovernment which .he proposed to oultow,. Any man wh. obuld think.!they wero so- polihtoally o?t?upt as 'to .-speak of ,themnii' sauhi:t. maanners hd?ld have no.] betterrie.noh;fltr oppoiug .theniat 'He (the, seleake) :looked ?iUou it .:a, bneath the Miniaity; who..ti treated thim as well as a good. macnk` "'theii;,supportbra.: Ro wase: .atiifledil''leh)ae himeelt in,the bands df the' elmotore,'who could oa the 27th inst! tell hblm 'wi 4lter.?io hid ri?resented': tola{ well: 'or'ill'. Hoi witild fole no bigger nor prouder it retruned, and If roebted ' Iwold work well for the interests..afth'e'ditriet as a privuiie oitisea, (Apptlatee;)?. If :rejdcted, ihew.'ruldnot igo beomhind ath' detb'r'b hke 'tbitotrbduoe duputatton to thhB vfoermosent aiiolesthat member tirst: refufed to'. dp it, loee bhs'wtls returned he had. known no supportrs' ior'" dppoendta; "nd: hatlnt int relused to lend ae.helpinuliBhnd: ito a 'man whlther he Votud for· him.or whether b.h didn't, Mr. Fuller had acusodd him of 'not hebing at a divisio h'on tile loal option .qieetion,' ,.Wetllhe stippace he was not ab?l.:disiapnl inh, ftpri ,year·n ,while durln'gr to: prdvlie': fohr t?oaa Mrv Filler' had 'onlyatreqded 2S,:B gv ig tihe;peaker a. nlisjccil~.~i' 'titi ' koajstsb ha'ti:ppianent 'woiuldasuythat "ibpi~a1pp Y, o odany '1i~isitas dunfitinl's.eterm of qftaao I bit he. (the' spsaker) "udiffltiy thit' there: was one gentleman (hr,. 0, U lark) ut the time Mr.': ?jid we aiun oppositionta had dreorded 'luoe Ie aesdtlii t 0voteOs?. while MrI .;xttletcc:foeot raet nlidie.td tAltl6 4204, Mr. (amptell touched bdlly on.the Dairisb nuperytesdn Aot and l(ibli :.eallth Ait,' auid instaunceud his. ?floteo t. have, '.the £1' egisetratiuo fee for dairymaon eliminated,. Ic onclusion, he esaid thut if thoy returned him to .arlhameut he would 'fllow out the: uanme curas'of aotion as providualy,' His' iuteilitgcei,:qps lar as i' went, would'. ':e devoted td the tioenetit of the district,: iHe would stuer'an' Indtpondont'oouresa.eolr'ae the' e.exai~elolos of the moment would. allow him,--Applause . : Mr, D, Osrson'i Can you tell me why you dld ,not have Mr, 2; :Aloxander appointed a J.if ',(Laugter )::an ::gi . Mi, Ua'mhpbull in reply,; ad that holiead nominated:as many, :or more;- oppotntite, than lriaudse; "a J .P~' ,., ,ths' .hdcovr apprduhbud' ny. manti on :the seubject,, nor had aity .nsuaovoer ,come to him 'end spOke' to hmrio sace'th 'a soubject, e hopedblhs 'ojpo?int odild gie the aeme dbaiil Mr. dinllie I Aro you hii favor of ontt Mr (uamipbhbliu, 'Yes Mi, kimllti i W.ell, why did yod: d i ati t the 'UoiivetisOs 'iUll with 'its 'throe flifths inujinjity' vote niud equbl'tsetd v'? tevtd' (clght: to Oiiaut l kiN, ) "yv'Q :i,,. the' ,Sicalt .': 1.1 the Bill for the larger colonies to have mesjritv over the sainller ones.. J r Diiwne: Aroeyou .in favour, of estendingtthe f.ranchisq to 5Oined P Mr. Oampboll': No, If the boys were bronght up properly they would du all the' voting required and legislats properly for their ladri fionds, whose duty it was to train their ?ine t that end. Mr, li)owis: :Will you ?upport ' meoaere of loal optiion 'wi~hiut,oompensation ? Mr "Oanpbhltli N His remarks pro vinuily would explain hie opinion on the sa hbj ct.... . 'Mr R. F. Wilker: Did. you ever attemrpt to. introduce a. Tenants Bights Bill P :".: lr. Campbell: No. lIi had mentio,,ed the mattor to the Minietor for Lauds, who told him that in his Land Act he had recognised the Crown tenants only; when they had so much Orown land to getrid, of it .wae hardly right to introdude"such'a Bill. 'Mr.. Wond.:. Wis ":.thae .money for the Kongaroo Valle bridge not passed before you enteredParliainet ,P Mr. , Oaminpbell, It. was put on the" estimates long after' I entered Parliament.' :" Mr; Suiilie H Row" iuchh: of that 'd£300 was spent in oleo?nig out the Minuaniurra Biver? Mr. Campbell :'I think there ware £;16 spent on it. Mr, amilhr:l I oari sho youw that not £216 was saptt.on.i ; Mr,, Campbell :I ., did not -have the handling pf the mtoney. I understood that the grano[f £300 was exceeded by' some Mr. Dowivs: Will you iuse your itfluenoe tob do 'aiway' with w?.hat is known as *':weating " in connrectiOn with Govern ment' ontraota for boots ani bhone; eto. P 'Mr, Campbell -No one in. the'Country wiabes to see men better paid Ihabh I do.. My votetwill- ealways' be" given,, to protect those . who haive t -live by .thoir 'daily On the motion of Measrse. 8. Wells and' Dr.?Reid, a vdte of.? confidence inh Mr. Campbell was declared carried, though not one- third of those pyeaent tcok the troubleto votO ,Mr Campbell responded, .and moved a vote of thanks tq the g?airman.: whioh was oarried'byaolamation, : The meeting then dispersed. , 