ST. GEORGE'S CATHEDRAL SERMON BY THE BISHOP. Yesterdav evening the Bishop continued his series of sermons on The Christians in the World,'' cas ing his discourse on four texts, L Cor. vi 19. Luke v. S, L Cor. ix. 17, and Romans vi. 13. Ee said that the seventh commandment was inter preted by Christ as forbidding not only acts but also thoughts of im purity. According to the catechism the commandment signified that we were to keep our bodies in ''temper- ance, soberness, and chastity.'' He had asked the clergy that day to preach on £he subject of intemper ance — not to formulate any definite scheme for its suppression, but to bring home to their hearers the ex tent of the evil, and the necessity that all Christians should combat it- By the sin of drunkenness many men, especially the young, were ruined in body and mind, and, aa far as we could see, in soul as welL There were not many families with out one relative who was a curse to himself and a disgrace to them. The jnoney spent in intemperance was ten thousand times worse than wasted : it would be far better if it were merely cast into the- sea. In the case of impurity it was not so easy to say how far the canker had eaten into the heart of the people, but all knew that in all large towns what was called the social evil pre vailed to a great ex/.ent — an evil which dragged men down from the level of human beings to a lower Itfvel than that of 'the beasts tbat perish.' All admitted the existence of the two evils, intemperance and impurity. but how many did anything to remedy them ? before a remedy could be found it was necessary to understand tbe cause. The first cause that he would name was our evil nature, and hence the command was given 'Thou sbalt not,' the 'thou' showing that every man was responsible, and*would be judged for his own acts. Then there was selfishness. How many a father spent on himself and bis so- called friends the money that ought to have been spent on his family? Xhe sic of impurity was often caused by ignorance, and to those who fell in this way society ought to show more pity and less, scorn. Another cause oi evil was the fact that the world thought lightly of it. When sin v. as called by pleasant names the evil sank deeply into the heart. If a drunkard were called a drunkard, a ma i not fit for civilised, mu^o. less for Christian society ; if an adulterer were called an adulterer, and if the same punishment were meted ojit to him that v:a& often in flicted on some girl vrho had o&'end- ed through ignorance ; and if sin were called sin as plainly .as it was in. the Bible, our morality would be infinitely better. The first remedy ior the evil was self-knowledge. When Peter said 'Depart from ine, for I am a sinful man,' he knew himself. Men ought to know more about their bodies, that they might know where their weakness lay. Children ought to Ibe instructed by their parents in these matters. The next remedy was selfrever ence. '?Know ye not that your bodies are temples of the Holy Ghost?' One reason why it was po difficult ro reform women who had fallen was that they had lost all self-respect. Thirdly, there was self-controL '1 keep under my body,' said St. Paul, 'and bring it into subjection-' Plato said that the soul of man consisted of three parts. There was a many headed beast, typifying the lusts of the flesh, a lion, which represent ed man's passionate nature, and, thirdly, there was the man himself. It was only v.hen the man had the mastery of the many-Leaded beast and the lion that he had perfect self-control. The lsst remedy wps self-surrender. ''Yield yourselves as servants unto God.''' Our bodies belonged to God., and no man had a right to destroy what belonged to another. If any man said 'I have sinned — what caa happen to me!' he would say to that man — One who could pardon sin was not deadj but v-as risen again. When the woman taken in sin was brought before Him He did not condemn her. If jvny man in that congregation was touched by ihe words he had spoken he would say to him, as Christ said to the woman, 'Go and sin no more.'' The eermon was 2~-refaced by an urgent appeal on behalf of the Home of the Good SLepherd. The oldest lock in existence is one which formerly secured one of the doors of Nineveh. It is a gigantic affair, and the key to It, which is as large as one man can conveniently carry, is 3.1ft. in length, and correspondingly thick. The Californian woodpecker will carry an acorn 30 miles to store in its nest. 