THE LIGHT THAT CAST NO SHADO'A - Ctrrioci ipcries axe tcild aboQ i ihe powers possessed enr certain nsrives of India, who live up among the Hhnalzra I ocniains. /These old men, it is mid. cave devoted stores pf jeazs to the ftndy of natmal laws snd forces, which ' the rest cf the world Leo wi ivr-thins aixrai. Lately a German crofeesor vtoiced the " adepts,' s» these, .queer Hindus are called, for the purpose of finding, rrat the secret a i thsir re- mariaito performances, liey treated him . rather scorvilv, bat interested him all the- same. One day the professor wanted to rrsmrr.p aome ancient Sanskrit manuscripts. An adept went with him to a rave wherein the books were kept. The place was dark as the bottom of a weO. ' I can't sse to read here, iaid the viritcr. ; - - \- Then we will have qcane , light,' was the,- reply, szd immodiately (she profeiaor says) a soft, pearly- light brightened the ca .ye. He could Dot tell whence it came, but' he "noticed that it had ooe stringe quality— it cast not the sUghtestjadow. This is s hard story to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learning and high character, and tct who now read it bave-aq reason for docbt except that all the lights you fcare aeea bsTe-cast shadowei -Belief or unbelief commonly runs parallel with one's own experience. Dr_ Johnson sniffed at the .account 'of_'the Liiion , eartbqaake, yet credited the tale of the Cock Lane ghost. L ' ... ' A man who h been ill for years, and failed to Snd a cure, is sceptical when friends tell -him f a , medicine which tbey -believe will make - bim- well. : What else but doubt could result .from his. ex-, perieacef Take aa example:— : "b'.I \- In the epricg of ISIS,' writes our correspondeni, \- 1 fell into a low. weak and languid .state. I. felt, low- spirited and out of rofts. ; At first my-stomaeh' -was deranged, my appe>ite poor, and after- eating-I had pain and wrigbt at thechftrt-' I was much s Trebled with wind, and frequently spat up a sour Suid. also bitter bile. LaJer on I suffered from nervousness aad great depression of spirits. 1 kept ap with my work- but bad always a sense of dis comfort.- . OS. aad ou I. continued in this, way. for two years, nothing that I took "relieving _'rne. "At last I beard of other Seige '« yrup/ and pro cured -t supply. After I had taken only a few- doses I f and relief ; my f cd digested, and gradually ail nerv-«rsness left me. Although I had to reason at first .to feel any coufiflenoe, in this melicine, never baring used it or seen it used, I cow gladly admit its value, and its power orer dis-as-e. Since my recovery, for which I thank Mother - eigel's Curative Syrup, I baTe been in the best of health and spirits. In the interests of ;snf-' fering humanity 1 deem it a duty to send you'tbis testimony. ( igned) D. Griffith?, tailor and outfitter, 151, Hockey Hill, Birmingham. J'une 5th, 1893.' I here is a great deal of difference between Mr. Griffith-' candid letter and the story about the light that cast no shadow. The latter may be true enough, but it cannot fce verified without more trouble than it is worth. On the other hand we haTe a trustworthy witness, who will answer letters of inquiry, and can be found at his address. Finally, there is nothing mystic or magical about Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. It acts on the theory that most ailments are but symptoms, forms, or phrases of that universal disease— indiges tion and dyspepsia ; it cures that, and throws the li.bt of health and happiness over hearths and homes where illness 2nd pain bad cast snch dark and terrifying shadows. And that is why people believe all that is told of its success by eager witness®. 