THE EEDESAL CAPITA!. . — — — ♦ — ? . OPINION OF THE 'AGE.' MELBOURNE, Friday.— The 'Age,' in the course of a leading article to-day, says: 'By a vote of exactly 3 to 1, or 63 to 21, the Sydney As sembly has decreed that the federal cpital must be in N.S.W. territory, but it requires no ghosts to coine from the graves to tell us that this reso lution is no more respectable than an election squib. In making this demand the N.K.W. rmiiti cians- are merely offering a trifle of incense to King Demos. It flatters N.S. Welshmen when 'the Premier there tells them that they are the head and front of Australasia— the people who wilThave to make all the sacrifices for federation, and find all the cash; and when Mr. Reid plays the trumps as part of the game to 'dish Mr. Bar ton,' the latter has to. trump just as high, or find himself minus both tricks and honors. Hence we find the Opposition leader joining his vote to the Premier's resolution in favor of the New South Wales claim to have the federal capital. The statesman who has just' declared the Convention Bill to have been given to him direct from God, as the tables of stone were given to Moses on Mount Sinai, now finds that the Deity made a mistake about the fedteral capital as well as about several other matters, and that the people of New South Wales are much wiser than Heaven. We. shall have no sort of ill-conditioned quarrel over this resolution, nor do- we believe that it will stand for an instant in the way of a federal agree ment. Indeed, other difficulties being Composed, it is certain not to be insisted on, seeing that, in the shape proposed, it is one that Victoria could never look at, because it leaves the Federal Par liament free to choose Sydney and compelled to reject Melbourne. . In this colony we are almost entirely free from the grasping spirit which is shown in the Sydney resolutions, nor have Mel bourne people any strong desire to see their city made at once two capitals in one; the Australasian federal capital and the capital of Victoria; but than- the Victorian people will be just as deter mined that neither shall Sydney be invested with the federal metropolitanship. There will be no difficulty' here about the site of the. federal capital, provided that the constitution really determines beforehand that it be in terri tory independent of any state. Anything else than this is an insult to the federal states. It is a snobbish assumption of leadership and^ superi ority, which self-respect ought not to be called upon to tolerate. Fortunately, as we have said, there is no real difficulty behind it. Mr. Reid's diplomatic language submits it only 'for the con sideration of the other colonies,' and the other colonies, when they consider it, will know quite well what to do with it at once. At any rate, it is certain that Victoria will.' 