ROMANCE OF AN ACTRESS5 FROM rHE PALACE TO" TIE GARRET. At the last Salon in Paris a plaster bust of Mlle. Clairon, by the sculptor, Henri Gauquid, in collaboration with the architect, Guillaume, attracted consider able attention. Now the French journals announce that the friends of the drama in France propose to have a marble copy of this bust erected in the public square of the town of Conde-sur-Escaut, the birthplace of La Clairon. 'lairon was the Bernhardt of her time. She was so puny as a baby that immediately after her birth she was, like Voltaire, hurried to the church to be baptised. But when the church was reached it was found to be closed. The parsonage, too, was empty. The priest and his vicar were at a masquerade ball, for it was the day of the town carnival, and the priest was helping his .parishioners to celebrate it. The.aby was carried at once to the ball room, where the priest was disguised as a harlequin and the vicar as a clown. They judged the baby's condition to be sufficiently critical to demand immediate attention. So they stopped the music then and there, and taking the neces sary materials from a sideboard, per formed. the rite. . But they need not have been in such haste, for the life thread of the baby was not to be cut until .79 years later. They called the baby Claire; her full name is given as Claire - Hippolyte - Josephe Legris de Latude. Clairon had a harsh mother, who used to punish her by locking her up in an isolated room. Oppesite to this room lived Mdlle Dangeville, who became one of the greatest of soubrettes. Clairon used to see her taking singing lessons and lessons in dancing ; she used to see her receiving the praise and encouragement of her family ; she was pained at the difference between her. own life and that of her neighbor, and what she saw and felt fired her with an sambition to become an actress. h ie fi't: visit that Clairon made to.a theatre fihd- such an effect on her that darig the w::hole time of the play and the resit pf the evening she could not be mad4to speak."' She says, in her " Memoirs t?elt -after returning from the theatre ,the only thing she heard that"nighght 'mts the commaed, " Go to -bed, you big goose !" She ran off to ?bed only to re main awake,' going over in h"er mind all :that she had seen and heard at the theatre. The next morn ing she astonished :her friends and rela tives by repeating more than a hundred verses of 'the tragedy, and about two thirds of the little play. But this did not please her mother. She said she would rather her daughter knew how to make a dress or a nightgown. Still the child persisted in following the course that she had mapped out for herself, and blows and slaps were powerless to turn her. Threats to starve her and to break her bones if she did not work only angered her to the point of exclaiming : "Killine then,.at once, for otherwise [ shall 'go upon the stage !" At length she became the pupil and afterwards the rival of the celebrated Marie Francoise Dumesnil, and her in terpretation of Corneille Racine and Voltaire led Bachaumont to say - " Hardly is she announced before the house is filled; the moment she ap pears she is applauded with the utmost enthusiasm ; she is the mo-t finished work of art; she is Meipomene em belished by Phidias.", While at the height of her fame Clairon was visited by countesses and princesses. She was the intimate of such men as Marshal de Richelien, J. F. Marmontel, the M1ar quis de Ximenes,'and the Margrave of Anspach. LouisXV. himself came to see 8? ,nd of him she said to Mine de Pomipad ur: "fHe owes his royalty to, chanee, I owe mine to genius." For her unruliness she was"'im iprisoned in Fort 'I 'Eveque. .She transformed her prison into a banquet room, giving sumptuous suppers. The.carriages of her visitors were lined up outside the prison door, a though in frnt of the door of a hotel. Her per sonal appearance at the are of 22 :or 23 was thus described by a contempo rary : "She is extremely pale; her head is handsome, and her eyes are large and full of fire. ,Her mouth is ornamented with beautiful teeth, and.her throabt is well placed. She arises without affecta tion, her form is graceful, asnd she has a very modest address. Without being an accomplished beauty she is a person that anyone would call charm ing." But Clairon was not alone great as an actress; her writings relative -to the roles of her repertoire have been pro nounced excellent pieces of literary criti- ' cism. Among other things she wrote a manual for players, entited, " Reflexions sur la Declamation Theatrale." She is credited with having been the first to conceive the idea of a conservatory where actors should receive all the instruction necessary in their art, and she is said to have been among thce first to see the powe:ful effect produced by the realism of the English stage. French drama has been adjudged to he greatly in debted to her, for what she did to intro due into it an element of resemblance to truth. She effected a revo'ution. in costume, ridiculing the ideas of playing Roxana, one of her triumphs, in robes a la Francaise. Yet, in spite of her genius and intelligence, Olairon was superstitious. This has been attributed to the effect of the ghost stories and tales witchcraft with which her child hood was filled. In the story of h, r life she relates as a fact that a euitior whom she had rejected sent for her to visit him' on his deathbed ; that she re fused to go ; that at 11 o'clock in the evening, when she gave the refusal, the company assembled at dinner in her house heard a strange and piercing cry of anguish ; that she fainted; and that every evening at the same hour the same cry was heard! A few weeks later the cry ceased ; but in its place came a pistol shot through her win dow. Everybody saw the flash, but the window remained whole. Detectives were set to watch in the belief that some servant was playing a trick, but at the same hour night after night the same' thing occurred, and nobody could be seen. , One night when Clairon was taking fresh air on a piazza the shst occurred at the usual hour, and she felt a strong slap upon her cheek. Another time when she was riding pastbthe house where the rejected suitor died three' hots were fired through the windows of the coach. The coachman thought it was an atteck of robbers and whipped up the horses. The shots, after several nights, gave place to hand-claps, which were followed in their tiurn by an enchaniting voice singirg a beautiful and touhing air. One day an old lady dressed in black called to see Mlle Olaiiron: She was a relative of the rejected one, and she told the great .actress tht, having been with him in his last moments, she heard him exclaim when informed of Clairon's refusal to visit him-" I shall follow her when I am dead, as I have followed her in my lifetime !" At last -the greas Clairon fell into disfavor, and sank baci into her original poverty. Dressed in worn-out clothes, she lived during herlast days in a single room, which she was forced to sweep h?r, elf. She was buried in the Ceme tery of Pere la Chaise. For a long time her tomb was neglected, but latterly the Comedie Francaise has had it repaired. Such is the story of La Clairon, who is called the foremost tragic actress of the eighteenith century.. A Frenich jour nalist said of her-" She started from nothing, and to nothing she returned, after having swung round the circle that passes over the peaks of glory." William II, is not going to make a mess of his crusade for want of dress rehearsals, ac cording to the Berlin correspondent of the Daily News. Recently he might have been observed riding' abbut at Wil helmehohe in full Eastern war-paint. Ie, had on ytllowish white clothes with yellow braid,boots of yellowish brown, and a yellw-mounted helmet, lEvidlitly lhe is going as the Yellow Terror. Political sit nificance need not be detected in this neat but 'not gaudy arrangement; if the yellow, for iinstance, might be taken as a delicate compliment to the Spanish flag, a reference .mightsalso be detected to Yellow Journalism, '1 is much more probable.that the Kaiser onl .wears a yellow costume for reasons opposite to those for the miller's white hat-to keep himself cool. And that, sayps the Pall MalI Gasete, is what his ex citable French critics had better do also. We are not going to say that nothing will come of the Kaiser's yellow jackes corulide: we are now learning in Shan-tung that even the eccentric gloves referred to at Kiel had their meaning. The Kaiser usually ineans something. But it is better to wait and see, and not give yourself sa~way by pr0iature howls on general principle'. 