.isestm ' made * titcrtMuie—vrbdj tionajly keen ' ban dyiddntly i__ „ _ \- exenaeing ;<*. 'MS ftafldlk .. her thfefe graphic pitSjfrSsptt^^ tory hgo; gelt to and more or less into. cotifebt%4vith ;«dfn<e"©f W03 mf«tiamou£ m^alahdiwomenM'4B^Hthe;;j and vtbat 'has supplied nOf iSith iwhterfaij-lpi' aneO* records to whiohr'«8e'h0S put her'tikme i j refreshing varie^^d"tnd«apcy;r Thepmpi tion of the voltimd -frhieh - deals with the; manners and ewfoins of Snffolk folk, deals roughly enough with the bigotiV -ana tyranby. of the epdgsiasticB aha the . clannishness of inembers of their flock.;; 1 shall not attempt a'review of the work, but content myself with reproducing hi as orderly a fashion as may oe some of the most telling stories, and most entertaining references to __ the worthies who Still have on interest^or the reading pubiic. To give itgreater prominence, I begin by (plating what is neither a story nor a reminiscence, but a remark regarding a controversial matter, in which an appeal is made to alleged experiences in yout part of the worjd:—"We hear in England enough and to spare about perversions to Rome. Little is said about reversions from Romish superstition to Protestant liberty of con science. Yet such instances are of frequent occurrence. In bis new, most important work on Greater Britain, M*. Leroy Beaulieu notes two deeply interesting and gratifying facts—namely, the frequent con version of Roman Catholics to Protestant ism in Australasia, and the comparative in significance and stagnation of the Romish element; our young, sturdy, healthy Eng land of the Antipodes is Noncomformist to the backbone." Leaving it to Australians to say "Yea" or "Nay to these allegations as they may seem most fitting, I proceed with the ex tracts. The first has reference to an over bearing clergyman, who "emptied' his Church, and gave his congregation into the arms of dissent, by open want of tact and self- control:"—A young married couple had determined for some reason or other to have their firstborn christened simply "Fred." The fancy was perhaps foolish, but the "child's name certainly concerned its parents only. They would have nothing to do with Frederick, but only the mono syllabic pet name. This is the scene I wit nessed as a child. We were especially inte rested in little Fred, and had sent him his christening frock:-— Clergyman—"Name this child!" Mother, shyly—"PYed, sir." Clergyman, roughly — "Frederick, you Mother, growing nervous, feeling that ail eyes are upon her—"No, sir; Fred, if you .please, sir. Clergyman, with an impatient murmur and vicious splash of holy water—"Frede rick, I baptize thee in the name of the Father, the Son,;, and the. Holy Ghost. Amen." As a matter of course, Fred's parents afterwards patronised the meeting-house. "On our way home, on the outskirts of the town we passed a second ladies' school, one with less pretentions to genti lity than our own. We often noticed in the winter twilight some girl's form stand ing like a statue just opposite to the front door. It was not always the same girl, and, oddly enough, the apparit'on seemed somehow immediately connected with bad v/eathcr. When' a drizzling Taiu was fal ling, when a north wind blew, and scat tered snow-flakes — herald of winter— might he seen here and there, then we were pretty sure of passing the motionless figure. Bare-headed," shivering, abashed, there stood a well- dressed girl of fourteen or fifteen doing public penance for some petty offence. ... At eight o'clock, just before bedtime, all the girls, marshalled by Principal and Head Governess, trooped down to the kitchen. There, stripped naked, in a tub, stood Rebecca II , ex posed to the taunts and objurgations of the rest. For some minutes this disgrace ful scene lasted, the chorus increasing in fury and volume. 'Oh, Rehccea. Oh, dirty, odious Rebecca. Oh, filthy Rebecca,' cried, howled, shouted these vicious lookers-on, the little naked figure bearing her martyrdom in stolid silence. Not a tear, not a. cry escaped her, very probably her feeling being one of intense thankful ness, amazement that vindictiveness ended here, and that she Was not beaten within an inch of her life as well. . . . Walking one day to Ipswich, v. e met a la bourer's wife and her two daughters, girls of twelve and fourteen. "'So, Mrs. P—-,' said my eldest sister, 'you have been shopping?' '"No, Miss,' replied the good -woman, with an unmistakable air. of self-ap proval, 'but I am anxious to do my girls ail the good I can, so I have just taken them to see a. man hanged.'" "I dc not know how it may be in most country places, but in our village a curious custom prevailed. The wine used-for eom mnnion service -was luscious Tent or Malaga, and what remained in the chalice was given to the aged- poor who w-ere present. The ceremony nad a peculiarly aristocratic character, little according with the doctrine of Christian humility. No Chamberlain more exactly assigned the rank of Court visitors. First knelt the rector's wife and daughters and squire's family, next in order came the larger or so-called gentlemen farmers and their womankind, following these the village storekeeper and small tradesman and tradeswomen; lastly, the labouring folk, generally a pitiable group, consisting of decrepid grandsires and crones just able to hobble. No sooner had the solemn rite been administered than a sonorous deep drawn quaffing was heard from the Jower end of the rails, the poor old men and Women giaiefuily swallowing the remains of the wine. It might have been better to go through this little performance in the vestry. Anyhow, who can doubt that such "a custom proved a snare? My nurse was returning from her own Church one Sunday morning when she encountered a neigh bour coming from his; it was Sacrament Sunday. '"So Master (labourers were called Master, never Mister) Smith, like me, I js'spose, you have been to the table.'" "'Yes,' was the ruffled reply, 'and I might as well have stayed at home. I only got one d——d drop!' " This appreciative reference is really ' thft pelifeions ty.ofl jihd na©^i)!l - lpi$tyj~ffle jnjgtrf: - flau*Si£ lo iiegardl hig «alvatiefi/3K/gidHid, ^'F«>Bcijtty ig&lre;^'y^^^ an jndefatiMple jnymesteri^dan exhllarat ^ngatMdent^ ^eUrid^^hrM^^ Bfe5^ scale, .^^;;.ihfli^^;'it!«jB!itertt? kicking the dbeam..- An accident .that -cameodder toy 3ii^^i<tog^ML<ift-§WNm -dntjtled)' 'The . df: youth, C despdtSft&d; it to th&Mgat;:- Dickens, then ^lttnt^-hft- ^fiddfldma<..:Wja|9|)'v?r" After -uifu!ut»^4v^ H'Hy.. uio^oi&^e.'WiitaujjuK uij i<» the artless ■ mytriessof 'fa; Ij t tie c&iih; try gi rl—was n6t ;thls%^'tte^j)Hceief 'Fktad£se:I^ef?,; But Sverwheltoing as seemed' the~ payment; the approbation of Charles Dickens was guer don far more prized. And the 'Golden Bee' has not fajsified the master's judg ment. It is how a stock piece at Penny Readings, and, like the 'White House by the Sea,' has long survived a generation." "1 must here for once and for all make it quite clear that I do not in the very least reflect upon any one else/but myself throughout the history of this transac tion,' Miss Edwards is alluding to her Well-known work, "The White House by the Sea," which ran through several edi tions, but brought, her no profit, "The important, I may say the only, object I had in view to get my book Well put before the public—which -it was, my payment being in kind, instead of money; that is to say, I receive twenty-five copies of new. one, two, and three volume novels. For a young writer the bargain cannot be called a bad one. My work was well printed, well-bound, well advertised, and presented to the world in excellent company. The curious part, of the business is this; before me lies the original edition in'two hand some volumes dated 1857, beside it the last popular edition dated 1891. Between those two dates, a period of just upon thirty five years, the book had contrived to keep its head above water; that is to say, had been steadily reprinted from time to time, yet from its first appearance to the present day, when it is still selling, not a farthing of profit has accrued to the author." The following concerning the Abbe Liszt:—"J had not partaken of i.he twelve o'clock ordinary many times (at Weimar) when I noticed a remarkable figure at the foot of the table, a figure once seen im possible to forget. It was that of an elderly priest, tall, almost Herculean in stature, and «pare to lankness, his long hair hanging down 'in silver slips,' his face wearing a strange look only to be expressed by the word illumination, his eyes of dia mond-like piercingness and brilliance. But even more striking than build and phy siognomy were the hands, move! go rest lessly and conspicuously. It.could not be said that those long, nervous, expressive Hands were out of proportion with limba so large; the noteworthy characteristic wag the?length of each little finger, the fourth indeed almost equalled in size1', the pointer. As he sat at table, whether manipulating knife and fork or chatting to his neighbours, his hands were never for a moment still. It seemed as if they were restless spirits not to be coerced into passiveness. ' " 'Who is that extraordinary being?' I whispered to my landlady. " 'Don't you recognise him?' was the astonished reply. 'It is the Abbe Liszt.' ". "A number of English schoolgirls, pupils of his own pupils, were present, and he kindly invited them ail to that afternoon's reception at his house. Thither, then^for the short service ended when the musical matinee was about to begin, we ail trooped, a pert Miss of fourteen remarking to me on the way: — " 'Of course, as mamma says, Listz is a bad man, and we ought not to visit him, but attending a concert at his house is quite another matter." "The speech remains in my memory as illustrative of that insular cant so odious to foreigners. Of course this British matron's duty was clear, either to say 'No, my dear, I do not, for reasons I cannot ex plain, approve of the Abbe Liszt, so we must stay at home,' or else to have held brr tongue about 'the bad man.' But no. 'We have heard Liszt play,' would sound so well in England. It is just this sort of Philistinism that makes us hated and hate ourselves abroad." "Madame Bodichon, the well-known Bar bara Leigh-Nmith, bosom friend of George Eliot) was far too large-souled and large hearted to sit in judgment upon a fellow being whose defiance of precedents con cerned herself only. The following story throws light on the early relations of these two women, each so exceptionally gifted, each so influential in a wholly different sphere. The acquaintance of Mary Ann Evans and Barbara Leigh .Smith had ripened into friendship long before the first was known to fame, and before she had taken the perilous leap—in other words, had challenged society by a prece dent On the brink of that decision, when love and womanly pride were battling for mastery, when the great ^novelist to ^> trembled before the only shadow clouding a radiant future, the lovers and Barbara Leigh Smith spent a day together in the country. Aslshe stood thus at the parting of the ways, Mary Ann Evans unbosomed herself to her friend, even asked counsel. Should she take the perilous leap or not, forego this dream of passionate love, take refuge in the consolations of renouncement and ordinary self-praise. "What earthly right had I to advise her in such a case? Madame Bodichon said, when years after recountlg the story. I replied that her own heart must clecide, and that no matter what her decision or its consequences should be, I would stand by her so long as I lived." "*■ "There can now be no reason for with holding an incident which, indeed, I was never bidden to keep secret. Some people have talked and written of the ugliness of this great woman; this sort of criticism recals a famous scene in 'Midlemarch.' Mr, Caaaubon has a wart on his nose,' said pert little Celia to'her sister. 'I daresay he has/ was Dorothea's dignified rebuke, when cer tain people look at him.' And thus in some, eyes George Eliat was ugly because, forsooth, she lacked dimpled cheeks, round s-| eyes, ana pretty moiith! If hers was ugli ness, would we had more of it in the world! When in speaking, her large, usually solemn features lighted up/a positive light' would flasbfrom iJiem, alurnintwjty jrrft' j diate, not hc* own priwon only, bathetj vurroundings. A sovereign nature, an augnBtinteUe^badt^ tta into I a 'KandCw;d ^^tai«#innd ,vm privileged 4d;J ' call at Hie Prtory whenever ehe pleai * *" deed.to invito bdhtelf to" the 2 vi luncheon. " Upofi one ocdaeioh she rang , Bell twenty minutes or a quarter of an bour, ' WHieietfebn <iot j wiahied lier l hostess. pale,ttoembljng, /lishevelled, a verif t&ljle; oibyl. djBtufbed in the fine frenzy of; inspiration! '.-.J 'Oli, Barbara, Barbara!'* she dried, ex tremely aeifated.Twhat h&ve; you done?' /• "Hie ever-welcome guest bad disturbed her friend in n scene of iRomola!' ■ ' -i . *"1 felt ready to cry like a naughty j child,' added the narrator, 'but from the i Opposite door out rushed Mr. Lewes, who,.] in the kindest manner, soothed us both and ; put everything right.' Tbemetapbysieiaa worked OS hard as the novelist, but, despite his metempirics—a philosophical term of his own invention—in spite of . poor health, Lewes remained frolic some to the last. One evening as they were expected to dinner, no one being there but the hostess and myself, the drawing-room door was Hung wide with the announce ment, "Captain'and Mrs. Harrison." " 'Good hesavens!* whispered Madame Bodichon aghast, 'some self * invited rela tions from tnetagfipodes, and George Eliot and George Lewes coming.' "A well-known laugh in the doorway re assured her. It was one of Lewes's little jokes. After dinner George Henry Lewes would tell tbe most wonderful stories, or George Eliot would sit down to the piano. "What shall it be, my dear boy?" she would ask, as she turned over the con tents of the music- wagon:—"Fhe played correctly, conscientiously, but not with the entrain and charm of far inferior musi cians. It is not geniuses, it is the merely talented people who can be universally brilliant, shine in everything, dazzle by parade of mere accomplishment. And listening to George Eliot's pianoforte playing one could tout feel here as ever the deep-seated melancholy that, had not, as some suppose, her own fife for its1 cause, but the life of all humanity. Atod her shoulders seemed to rest the material and spiritual burdens of the universe. . . . I happened at this time to have a whitlow on th^jfhumb °f my right hand? which for some tfSys after lancing bad to be care fully bandaged, On Christmas morning, when breakfast salutations were unusually cordial, George Eliot fancied that she had hurt my invalid thumb. "''I always do that sort of thing,' she cried, with a look of positive pain, and it was with no little difficulty that I could convince her to the contrary. The notion of having inflicted pain seemed intolerable. One can understand the sadness underlying a nature so sensitive." Moss Betham Edwards has no admira tion for Garlyle—the "apologist of brute force":—"Here is .an anecdote I can vouch for, well worthy of the man who wrote on 'The Nigger Question.' A gentleman well known in the world of letters and society, having with him his young son, happened to meet £a.rlyle in the street. 'I am so glad,' exclaimed the former. 'This is fihe second great man my boy has seen to-day.' 'And the first?' sneered Carlyie. The other named the greatest living phili sopher, a man whose fame is vorlu-wide. 'The unending ass,' retorted the sage of Chelsea." "A young author's preconception of great men or women are apt to prove illu sory also. Browning had ever seemed to me a poet immensely inferior to his glo rious wife. I was nevertheless hardly pre pared for the personality here before my eyes. It Was difficult to believe that the hero of the 'Sonnets from the IVatuguese' and the elderly flirt and chatterer of non sense, could be one and the same person. I have certainly heard Browning tell a food story (from a. newspaper) at Lord loughton's famous breakfast, table. As a rule, he was magnetized by pretty dresses, high-sounding titles, and flippant- feminine tongues; hv George Henry Lewes's "sing ing birds,' Lady Flora this, (.ady Emilia that, who could sit down to the piano and warble in dra.wing-room fashion seme new French song." 