A nORSE PLUCKED FKOM THE BUBNING. ' Tayler, there's one of your horses or its ghoet coruiag down the urect.' This remaik was made to Mr E. P. Tayler (Pullitop) in Fitzmaurice street on Thursday night. Lookiug round be saw a horse whioh he immediately recognieed as one of the pair which he usually drove, and which ha believed to have perished in the fire at me uommerciai uotei on weauesaay nigtit. He gave chase, and subEeqnently captured ie animal. It proved to be the one which was such h favorite, and which by some moans or other had been rescued from the fire without Mr Xajler hearing of it. How ever, he was awfully pleased to get it back as be did. and received tbe congratulations of his many friend: in hie usual genial aud kindly manner. At the Wagga Police Court yesterday, Mr L. 8. Orakanlburp, J.P., fined Charles Minter £2 in default one month's imprUoa ment (ofufing obscene language in Morrow street on the 28th inat. A single woman n:.m«d Maude Balph, aged 80, died on Thursday moruiog at her Brother's residence. Parkes, from Ibe effects of a dose of arsenic taken in mistake for cream uf tartar. The victim feeling unwell mixed herself a do.e of ftbat she thought Epsom salts and cream of tartar, but what iu reality was Epsom salts and arsenic. Tbe latter was kept in a bottle in the dining room and was used for destroying mice. Although a doctor was speedily summoned tbe young woman succumbed. It ie not improbable that, owing to the discovery of tick in cattle killed at Brisbane, the importation of bones and hides from QaeeDElaud will be prohibited by tbe New Zealand Government. The estimated population ot New Zealand on March 31, exclusive of MaoriE, was— Ma'ee, 407,652 ; femaleE, 303,1115. The National Council of Women in New Zealand has passed a resolution deploring the continuous Increase in armaments, and deprecating any prospect likely to involve Australia iu war, and protesting against the use of theee colonies as a recruiting ground. The Anniversary services of the Presby tcrian Sunday School will be celebrated to-morrow, the Uev. It. Jenniugs preaching special Eervices rooming, afternoon and evening. The children will sing epecial hymne. On Monday evening the annual social will be held, at wbich bright and interesting addresses will be delivered by several ministers. In reference to the collision between the steameis Edina and Manawatu, both lie in the same (positions at Williainstown. Tbe former has been lightered of her cargo, mid a vain attempt was made to tow her oS the the roclb. When ihe Manawatu left Mel bourne sbe carried 23 bags of mails contain ihg letters for Hobart, Lainiceston, Circular Head, and tbe different towns on the west coast of Tasmania. A diver will be sent down lu stcure the mails. The Miners' Federation of Great Britain has granted £30,000 to the coul miners on strike in South Wales. Mr. (ieo. Shcppard, architect, invitee tenders for tbe reconstruction of the balcony in front of the Protestant Hall. Mr. \V. H. fiuxlon, a well known Albury dentist, will be visiting Lockbart on May 1L\ 13 and 14, and may be consulted at Drum inoiid's Hotel. Mr Cuas. Matthews, dentist, intimates in our business columns that he has extended his Eta; in Wcgga until Thursday next, 5th May. 