fjR TftE LOVt OF A BONNIE SCOTCH LASSIE. Bv sr. C E03U5E KATHBORXE. of "Under Egyptian Skies," -iliss Tork -" Etc - y- jng.łPTEK UL -HTFNOTISED BY A The ypung juan from the States stands _ f petrified, '""^(.r.-jj lime? during Uie short address M 'Jte i'lderly and picturesque gentleman th the IMS silver locks and .velvet ^Hi-coat lie has endeavored to break in, to disclose the fact that a mistake n^be> r. m:ide, for Jack is not the mail life?! at ease in borrowed plumage; but. ^•nsc to when Uie other finishes L peroration with the utterance of vT^jj-c name. -11 desire to thus disclaim conntt-ti>n u'ith Lhe matter passes He is like a inan partly under the nee of ether. He sees tilings as Lough a plaFs. darkly, and yet endea- „rs to grasp the truth as a drowning „wo fiasp= a straw. v aozen things flash through his mind st one- First comes the thought that sane accident Jie has stumbled on Ihtr ho'J!-:' to which his unknown carre sMiidvfft with whom lie had the appoint- „ifnt in the Csnongate meant to lead l!im. but this he speedily dismisses as jgs plausible than others. B jvmnrkable things uttered by Howard in confused state following the smash up. Thr-y assume a startling importsum just at lli.s moment, and while Jack "fail* as yet to grasp the whole, he has ];i;ie dazzling gleams of light that pro injse amazing results. Tliat is why he does not make any rejjgjance when the Spanish gentleman jraws him ever the threshold. Curiosity groused, -and ev-.'n on the instant there ijs arisen a desire to discover why they -fey Łi iliUiedore and shuttlecock "with hi? name. Given an active mind =.nd Jack Travers rosy be expected to soon solve the mys irn; bat it will take a little time, to gain fffcich. without arousing curiosity soft carry out his part of tlie proframme naturally. Probably It would be hard to find a n:sn more v.-iiling to meet Fortune half my. He is fcsldby nature, fearless. from consignt association wiih danger. since fsmiiiarity breeds contempt, and not cverse at any time to engage in an enlfrprito tl;t outcome of which piques his cariosity • Ha', what would you?" suddenly exdsims the elderiv gentleman, as he wings tiie door to. and nails poor Ah Sin is the jam—Ah Sin who, seeing Jack enter. attempts to slip also across the ttasliold. believing it to be his duty to follow where the master leads. The wretched Celestial is in a way to fed the power of the press, since his captor shows no sign of relenting, when Jsd; hurries to his relief, and hastily explains that the heathen Chinee Is his ralet, his shadow, without whose watch W presence he would scarcely dare to lHtaihe: upon hearing- which the musculo old gentleman suspends the pressure, and Ah Sin, relieved, though consider sV.y flattened.Elips in. • Jack hears voices somewhere near by, -s»4 his nerves nre tingling with an eagerness to discover the meaning of It all, jliich desire has been brought into exidace by the mere mention of his.own same by this remarkable foreign artist. "Foiloo- me. Senor Jack," says the psny in question, as he turns and walks is the dir.-ction of lhe stairs leading aloft. tack unconsciously allows a liand to •siip twin i to the pocket where lie usual- -IT rairir.s a small revolver. Perhaps habit is a. ridiculousone for a gentlesn located in the good old city of Edin- burgh, but Jack may be excused on the of association! For years te bas •iired among- the wild cowboys óf the Taan plains or the lawless miners in the" often depends on his possessing fbooling-irun, and his -ability to handle tie same in the smallest possible fraction «f a serond. Old habits are difficult to treal; sway from, and Jack has not yet snrera to feel at ease without being "heeled." As he strides past the parlor "door he tas i glimpse- of several parties In the lighted roam, and somehow discovers iimself taking an unwarranted interest "a to sraceful figure of a young lady vLo chances to have her back towards _ Tfce faithful, if wondering. Ah Sin folios at his heels, apparently determined •M watch ovc-r his beloved master at all •costs. Having surrendered to the conditions fcr Trtiich he has so suddenly been sur rounded. Jack fancies himself ready t ToHos- the lead of this dancing wlll-o' iSi-ivisp of fortune at least'to the very •danger line. Thfy enter a room. A light stands on - table. Jack.giving a hasty glance around, fss nathinc more dangerous than tair-brush before a mirror. "Alio®- me to help you off with your •rater coat.- chatters the other; "no trouble. I assure you. I am. so pleased w think our plans have come out si iwautiruiij-. and that this night we setore—i a foitune, you a portion of the together with a lovely <&r-; "rabŁ'. Senor. your garments—pardon not exactly suit the occasion. 1 forget: you have been a long joor- JZJH 1 th€re has little time oc "7™ for ouch things. After all, .what vSif matter? I doubt very much etier tlje fact of your rearing a "J-i ellmg suit win be at aU observed.by rourwife." Jack r" ek a cold -ehUl chasing MP flotvn his spiMl tojnnm Had > OI water been dashed over his " "'-"W hardly have experienced -e of a freezing sensation. ° n me - Eenor ." he gasps, "but irL,r~ er 77 aajd something concerning my K-hjch I—er—hardly understand' Tgr!r S03d " nature,J old gentleman In the °»t bursts Into a langh, ea! vvi he finds ^ subject very coml- \- 'lain- • ° f TOUrM . Jack, to be accommo- •wieh'f •J^rs,5h * t 00 . though his merriment - E * rt ^wn as strained. Ah Sin erinK While he whisks the hand "akin- i!L h ' s master ' 3 clothes, but he is erheadTCŁy at solvi°S the \- tEac Jack gives evidence of doing. lM1i-"h Cour^'" buckles the host, " very rot-'h, " ray P 1 " 1 - a merry bachelor as ^^ulate, Senor Jack, on ' sibie Ł, tlai in 'he tightest knot poe- "Th* * haJf an hoar has gone by." ' via^i" ? <>V1 ' do!" matters the indi- ""Wthar <,uest3 °n. vaguely wondering, ticai on^ 1 1^ hav « reached this «ri- ^«Th. Whether he had »»tter atui cair»L traces ' dec3a *e his Sdentity, g^l the game o Ł *«jnt0 I™ tlt5 ' ! Good heavens! they Wiiser (J° ff „ hini already, knee the old h5m by ° a ™ei aod ^ i as Senor Jade Can It be possible this is some shrewd. Scotch game to invelgle ? h£S a marriage that wm put ton In ^ Power of a gaug of blackmStoe^ ' onw evea SUE P Bct such a thing ^wecuon with and his declaration that he had a moru gap upon the name of Jack Travers ^ ^ e r e is still a lapse' of time before the final rounder,d that same powerless curiosity urges him on -he may- yet be able to fathom the amazing depths of this mystery He has aroused himself. He asks questions so fashioned that they may not betray Ms Ignorance of the subject, receiving in reply non-committal explanation* that only partially satisfy him In the midst of it all an explosion threatens. "Senor Jack," says the remarkable host, who stands eyeing him from head to foot in a critical manner. "I believe you will make a wonderful hit with the charming young lady, tod she will not think the union so disagreeable as she feared. Pardon me, but I had not dreamed from your description that yi were so dashing, so very handsome." It is not often a man receives a compliment from his own sex, and Jack laughs in some confusion, meanwhile muttering under his breath: "Well. I don't wonder the old chap's surprised if Howard gave a truthful description of himself, since I've known him to scare a coyote by smiling at it" His strange host continues: "There is one thing -we have forgotten -4iot that I suppose Jt matters at all, but you-will of course remember. Senor Jack, that it was agreed between us you should prove your identity when you came." "Just so," remarks Jack, serenely, wondering which identity he is called upon to produce the evidence for, and hardly ready to stand up and swear he is the genuine party whose arrival has been so anxiously anticipated. "Ahem! have you those letters with you?" asks the other, suavely. Letters! That reminds him All Sin picked up a packet in the street after the wrec kof Uie Caledonian hansom. Jack draws them out witu a confident air; he is now ready to believe Fortune plays the cards for him. since everything seems to fit as neatly as though the ends were dovetailed by an experienced joiner. "Ah! tiie last doubt is .thrown to the wind. Buenos! we shall all be merry. Last of all, Senor Jack, you remember the compact." ""Suppose you repeat it, to" refresh my memory," suggests the artful Jack, \- using the brush on his curly locks. "Briefly, then, you have agreed to carry out your share of this business for a third of the spoils, which shall placed in your hands as soon as we secure possession, and all is arranged so thai you need not fear being cheated. Tn my part, "becaaise of my influence in the matter, I receive another third, or as much as I can coax from my love3y ward. The one point insisted on by her is hard •with you, senor." "How so?" asks Jack, deeply interested. "Tou remember, I -explained, and you agreed to abide by it. Otherwise there could have been no wedding here to-night It is this—that once- the ceremony isover you part from your -wife, and never seek to come into her presence again except by her own order." Jack gives a little whistle. Really this affair gets more and more mysterious, and yet. strange to say. the deeper the complications' become, tlie firmer grows his grasp upon it. "Well, as you say, senor. when one has promised it is settled, and I would not go back on my word," he remarks, coolly. "Toll are all ready now, I believe." "Beady?" . "To descend with me—to add the finishing stroke to this great plan which has been arranged between us b>; letter —to end your bachelor days,and for the space of five minutes call yourself the husband of a most charming young lady." • "A most astounding prospect, really. See here, my dear senor; perhaps we'd better end this matter, which has ®one -far enough." "Follow me, Senor Jack, and it will soon be ended. TTa ha! Who could wish you a better fate? Come, both of you; the bride may he growing anxious." cries the other, waiting at the top of the stairs. Jack's hesitation is brief. "Hang the luck! Tm in lor It, 1 fear; but at the last I sh2ll make a dash for the door. That refuge Is left. All I wait for is one peep at the bride, and then you'll see Jack Travers make a record. Married! Good heavens! the very thought paralyses me Jack Travers married to-night! Not unless " He finishes the muttered sentence with a knowing smile of anticipation, and hurries after the beckoning old gentleman; while Ah Sin, winking wickedly at himself as he passes the mirror, patters after the master. Ah Sin has grappled with the mystery, ind understands the "facts much better than the heavier Anglo-Saxon Intel ligence of Jack has been ahle to do. Now they are at tiie foot of the stairs, and Jack dutches the sleeve of that velvety coat. "One moment, senor," he says, •huskily, lor the dramaiic situation begins to tell upon him. o "What now?" demands the other, little testily. "A simple request. Before we enter allow me one glimpse of the young woman to whom I am about—ahem!—to sacrifice my bachelor days.'.' "That is reasonable. Tum your eyes yonder—she who is dressed in white. Tefi me, Senor Jack, saw you ever a lovelier vision than than?" And'jack Travers, looking, feds his heart "beflt with tumultuous force against Mb prison walls—teds his whole "frame thrill with an "ecstaćy he cannot explain- The door is not Ave feet away; without lies the street and freedom, hut forgotten is his resolve to flee. Instead, he-draws a long breath of resignation, and to his guide says:— "Lead on; do with afe what you wish while to himself he whiskers, "The hand ąi Vain is behlnd it alL Why should T hesitate, when in this girt who tthey In. bend shall be my wife I see the original of the photograph I adore—sweet Jessie Cameron?" .' CHAPTER IV.—MERELY A BTJSIt NESS ARRANGEMENT. Tlie last lingering doubt fades from Jack's mind when he discovers the identity of the young girl Iffho is aJ»ut to take part in this peculiar ceremony. Step by step he has crept along the path, .picking up a clue her© and there, jrat until this climax hursts upon him he has not teen able to graśp the. whole situation. . . Nów he Las-it in ottter toat Jiw*' 3 pear tó have at leesŁ eome.-degree pf Uneness Sn th* -eyes «f-the -reader. may l>e as weH to lift the enrtata little st the point of theroom. and .explain briefly'what misinn -brings him to Kdlnbutgh^a^how stranger lie Fates 3sb-vc undertaken to manaee^lns case for him- . ^SteVock was wrestling wjth a fickle fortune In the silver mines or Colorado, he received "word through a firm of boU-, citors „ p. in ent London teil occurred thzt^moU in the other dcToTiirS-Uy. iWtlchresuU^in beinc made heir to a rich TEngh^i g S ^ S . - t h e tight little ^ to^Tńssnmtatrjaie Honored adtos «r flanlre John Travers. m^eremartaWeevents Ho twW* once in a while, evej in real lite, as the enterprising barrister who had hunted Jack up declared emphatically. It chanced that Jack had made a rich strike in the mines about the same time, so that he was not very eager to hurry across the big pond and-claim his new inheritance. Finally, . however, having put his affairs in order, he accompanied the lawyer to London. There, for the first time, he learned of a peculiar codicil to the will through which he was to come into possession of the vast estate of the Travers iamily The squire's part of it wa. Incontestable, and that small portion of the estate, about one-fifth, which had been entailed, must come to him through the natural law of next of kin; but the great balance, an enormous property, too, could only become his own in case he married a certain young woman—a distant relative .of the testator, who cherished an affection for ber—which affair must comeoff within a year. Jack laughed aloud in scorn at tiie idea. He give up his freedom, and take for his wife a girl wijom he had never seen before, in order to acquire certain property! He would see tie lawyers in a very warm place, indeed, before he dreamed of such a thing. binding expostulation vain from the monetary point, sińce this young chap already .- -possessed a. fair fortune,; the shrewd lawyers of Chancery-lane ! changed their tactics. They read him, and saw that, like most Americans, he was chivalrous wherever womajjkind was concerned. So they drew his attention to the will again, and showed him that,should this marriage, on which the testator had set his old heart as a means o' bringing the two trans - Atlantic branches of the family together again, fail to be consummated, the vast pro- perty was to pass Into the hands of the Society for the Amelioration of the Condition of the Hottentots. Having fastened his attention here, they showed him over the noble estate; and Jack really was quite smitten with its charms. Then they explained to him that case of his refusal to carry out the conditions of the will, the youńg woman would be left penniless, even though it were not her fault the arrangement fell through. Thus Jack was made to see what depended on him, and bow ungallant it would be on his part to force this state of poverty upon her. Last of ail, these shrewd legal gentlemen gave him a photograph of the girl. That completed the matter. He was already wavering through what he believed to be his duty in the premises, end the more he scanned the picture of his kinswoman, Jessie Cameron, the deeper grew his conviction that It was b shame for him -to keep her out of that beautiful property. Of course, he expected to marry some time and settle down. Why not now, when the Fates seemed so propitious? It ended in Jack making up his mind that he would secretly seek the presence of Jessie Cameron, and if he found her all that her photograph seemed to promise, he -would attempt to win her love under another name. Quite a romantic idea for Jack to conceive, but he was shrewd enough not to Bay a word to his lawyers about it at all. His first step was to discover where the young lady might be found, and with out difficulty he learned she was in Edinburgh. It was just when he was starting for that northern capital that the young American received a mysterious letter, with the postmark of Edinburgh upon the envelope. The writer, who was undoubtedly woman, appealed to his love of fair play —declared that there was a plot on foot to out-general him. and that those engaged in it were unscrupulous in their designŁ; and finally begged him, i£ the letter should chance to reach him through -his solicitors, to meet the writer before midnight on the night of May is, or. if not then, the following night, at the Old Tolbooth, in the Canon*- gate of Edinburgh, when strange things would be revealed- Jack puzzled over this missive many times. He was strongly tempted to ask the advice of his lawyers, but compromised by seeking a friend and laying the case before him. with the result that he left London for the North on the morning of the appointed day, with only the faithful Ah Sin for'company, and, as a consequence, we see the twain seeking Uie historic shades of the Canongats when the fateful hour draws near. So much for Buckingham.- His motives are beyond reproach. What share has Howard Spencer in the affair? That is the puzzle with which Jack has been wrestling, and of which he now believes he sees the solution cleariy. Tlndóabiediy Spencer knew fn som way the full particulars of the matter, and has conceived a gigantic plan, whereby he may palm himself off A? Jack Travers, marry the girl, come into the property, and strike a big thing. \- And he has corresponded with this guardian of Jessie Cameron, this Spaniard or Cuban, who poses as the girl's stepfather, so that the game has all been cleverly arranged. Jack can look batik to an adventure he had recently, when he was waylaid hy unknown men, robbed of money and papers, and thrown into a deep canyon to die; but in some almost miraculous manner be caught In a tree-top and managed to save himself. Without a doubt Spencer was the cause'of this attempt on his life, made before the London lawyer found him. Spencer must have fled - from the region cX once, since to this day he looks upon Jack as having gone over the Styx, and declares himseJ! haunted by his ghost. Why he did not. present himself to the lawyers before seeking to . many Miss -Cameron, Jack never can -understand. but without a doubt he ha® reasons for it- . With this brief but necessary explanation, the reader can appreciate Jack's feelings, as he enters the room where be; is to meet for the first time the girt who is destined to play such an important part in his life. ' . He has the happy Icelicg of a man who has become the favorite ' of the gods, for, unless the beneficent winds of a fair fortune blew his way. how else can he account for the fact of Spencer being stricken down at his • feet, the chance that led Ah Sin to pick tip the all-important packet of - letters, and finally the happy outeone of hl= philanthropies! resolution to seek the house of spran gabies, In order to explain the non-appearance of his one-time friend, Howard Spencer.' ^ The picture whic3i et&l; nestles next to his heart certainly does not flatter Jessie Cameron. .Jack, swears, tinder his breath that, charmingas he had be łifróa-it prior to this moment, the photograph vis tai l wretched sutratitut for the original -. He feels her gaze; -Instantly. fasten^ upon Mm. and is ^conscious of a turning sensation over his face; - perhaps It te a: blush. If -a sunburned young -man can be .guilty of such a thing. ;;. " Miss- Garoeron JiBs eteo rturaed ług^ redrtmt ias he' approe/ihetia -s>altor sue-, ceeds. * She looks" very dignified and reserved—there JIs 'even e fugitive jeJeain of fear BSout-tefferfee, 80 - though this. near approach of the strange ceremony] causes nervous alarm, and Jack feels a. great pity stealing over him; he wants to assure th" lovely creature that his motives are those of an honorable man, and that he stands ready to conform (to the letter of the agreement. The others have the courtesy to stand back and allow these principals a few minutes of conversation. This is what Jack desires—the chancel to set himself right with Miss Cameron. "Will you shake hands with me, for I am your khisman, after all. Kiss Jessie?" he says, upon meeting her. She takes the proffered hand, and her eyes, which had been searching his tace In such an earnest, beseeching manner ever since his entrance, drop before his ardent gaze. "This is a most extraordinary affair, and I hardly know how to account to you for my share of it. I ajn a bachelor, and I had not dreamed of marrying up to the time my relative's queer will was read to me. Forgive me if I am frank, but it is better you and I should understand each other." . "I like frankness above all . things." she murmurs; and Jack takes note of the fact that her voice is quite in harmony with her charming personality. "Well, even then I revolted, and declared I would give up the whole business; hut my lawyers proved to me that if I did so it would cause you to forfeit the entire property, as 3'our inheriting a share of it depended - on my action." She raises her eyes just at this point, and something like a faint smile flita over her countenance. Jack never once takes his gaze from off her face; he is like a man under a spell — the little witch has.certainly charmed him "Why, that is the same argument they used to obtain my consent—that, unless agreed, you would be kept out of all your property and left penniless," she says, quickly. It is oń Jack's, tongue to refute the slander, and te51 her he is already w«31 supplied with this world's treasure, no matter how the case of th=> inheritance goes, but he checks himself just in the nick of time. That would be an egregious blunder, for, since her motives are influenced only by the desire to help him into his inheritance, she would undoubtedly withdraw from .the agreement if convinced that her sacrifice is not "necessary to the state of his exchequer. And, strange, as it may appear, such a withdrawal is about the last thing our bachelor friend desires at this stage of his infatuation. To call this fair kinswoman his own. even though she vanish from his sight when the last words of the ceremony have been said, is just now a consummation devoutiy to be wished. - "Well," says Jack, smiling, "we cer- tainly seem in a position to respect one another for honorable and cousinly motives.. I only hope you will not bear me any other than feelings of compassion because Fate gives me a pinch of Paradise and then snatches the picture away. ! His words can bear but one interpretation; but she seems to have a burden on her mind that must be relieved, and at least pretends not to have heard, though possibly what he said may arise to confront her later on and even bring a sense of comfort. 'But what can you think of me in consenting to such a thing?" she asks, eagerly. "That, under- the circumstances, you are more than kind at rescuing from poverty at such a sacrifice a kinsman you have never seen, and I shall always hold you in the most grateful remem-, brance. Is it possible to alter the conditions of the agreement?" She looks alarmed at once. "No, no!" she exclaims. "They must be kept inviolate. "Under any other arrangement I would possibly refuse to act.'' 'And, as I understand it, after the ceremony that makes us man and wife' Is completed you pass from my sight for ever?" "For ever." she echoes. "Unless, at some time in the future, should you relent '* 1 shall never do that. Ton understand, this is merely a business arrangement, and sentiment does cot enter into It at all," she interposes. Jack only smiles quietly. That was what he himself thought, only to find out his mistake; and he has strong hopes that she will also in time. (To be continued.} 