RECMT PUBLICATIONS. : ? 4 ? ssafa LAIN LIVING : A Bush |r~f§- Idyll/' by-Rolf Boldrewood rgsffi! (Macmillan's Colonial Lib gj^65^ rary). — Station life, in thede jjj scriptions of which, as of jj most things beside in con J nection with the Australian jy bush, Rolf Boldrewood is al „. waj's so entirely at home, is 1 much heard of in 'Plain Liv | ing.' ' In the opening pages / the reader is introduced to a i squatter and his family, who through a succession of un favorable seasons, see them selves on the brink of ruin. But happier than most men when similarly situated, the squatter finds a friendly hand stretched forth to him just in the nick of time, and gets a fresh chance to battle against misfortune. Another pleasant experience awaits him shortly after, the secret of which, however, though through noble motives, he keeps from his -wife and children till some years have passed and they, have had, so to speak, an extra tempering in the fire of seeming adversity, or at least of uncertainty. The story cannot boast of any strikingly oiaginal charac ters, but it moves along in a sufficiently interest ing way. 'When Passion Flies,' by Gerald Wolf (Robert son's Colonial Library): George Robertson and Co. — The passion whose flights are pictured ! in this story is analysed in a somewhat morbid way, but with an amount of skill which gives the promise of much better work on the part of the writer. The interest centres in three characters, a young lady and her husband and a man who might have stood in that relation to her. So far as the heroine is concerned, it is altogether a case of lost illusions, winding up at length in a re gular domestic tragedy, or rather a double one. 'A Lost. Identity,' by J. D. Hennessey (The Australian Library of Fiction), Hennessey, Har per, and Company, Sydney: — This is a sensation story, the main idea of which would seem to ha^re been, suggested by an uncanny narrative of that strange American genius, Edgar Allan Poe. Poe conceived the notion of a man who is followed everywhere by an exact counterpart of himself, who is, in fact, his other self. Whether it be a mere coincidence or not, which, however, is not very probable, a similar fancy is employed in the -Jueer' tale which Mr. Hennessey unfolds. 'The Tragedy of the Korosko,' by A. Conan' Doyle (Bell's -Colonial and Indian Library).— The name of Conan Doyle is a good warrant for a story. In this instance it certainly does not belie its reputation. The narrative from the first page to the last is one of constantly increasing interest. . Nobody who makes the acquaintance of the party of tourists who are brought to gether on board of a steamboat on the Nubian Nile is at all likely to take leave of them till they, or rather the remnant of them, get to the end of their perilous adventures after falling into the hands of the Dervishes. There are some death .scenes pictured with vivid realism, but yet with no attempt in the way of 'piling on the agony.' The book, too, has character sketches of no little merit. It has been received from Messrs. . George Robertson and Company. 'Loraine. and Other Verses,' by George Essex Evans: George Robertson and Company, 1S98. ? With-no little merit in respect of form, Mr. Evans's verse has also a good deal of substance in it. Much of it leaves the very distinct impression of being the outcome of thought, as well as of feel ing and imagination. , The place of honor is assigned in 'Cassell's Magazine' for March to a story by Jerome X Jertnie, entitled 'The Ghost of the Marchioness of Appleford.' Mr. Frank Banfield contributes aa article on the American Embassy in London, in ? which some, interesting memories are recalled. A -paper on the world of society has several pictures of celebrated beauties of the day. The series of articles on capital cities is continued, the ?Hague being described in this instance. 'Scribner's Magazine' for March (Australian edition) continues the story of the 'American Re volution, and tells of the struggles which mark ed the earlier stages of the War of Independence A description of a Pompeiian gentleman's home' as recently revealed to modern eyes,, is well worth reading. ^TThere are further chapters of the serial story of 'Red Rock,' together -with a number of outer attractive 'contributions. We have received Nos. I. and II., vol. 11 of the 'Australian Technical Journal of Science, Art, and Technology,' George Robertson and Company Sydney. An article contained in the second num ber, under the heading of 'Advance Australia' is especially notable, as throw-ing out an idea ?which was referred to by his Excellency the Go vernor in -the speech delivered at the Technical College on .Tuesday last, in connection with the distribution of prizes. The article in question, after speaking of the successful career of Mr. Will^? of the ~ Watel- and Sewerage Board, who studied at the Technical College, suggests the propriety. of some arrangement by which, the 'work of technical 'education could be completed*hy the higher training of the University, and a connec tion established between the two institutions. The ideqUs'one.'wliich seems to have recommended it self . -to Judge Backhouse also, -wbo was present on the same Occasion as Lord Hampden, and who, as ^recently re-elected Vice-Chancellor of the . University,* was able & speak with some autho rity, on such asubject. The 'Technical Journal' .deserves all the ^rjrait'pf its very practical hint. 