SYDNEY SQUIBS. By the Farceur. The War. — The Cost of Fighting. — Court Cases.— Church Troubles. — Municipal Reform. " Cry Havoc 1 And let slip the dogs of war 1" " Uncle Sam " has done so, and the first prisoners his war dogs ran down were a lot of mules. The " bull- fighters " retaliated by capturing an Ameri- can vessel full of " Yankee notions," and every day now will give us fresh developments. This will prove a mighty bad thing for many people, but it will be a perfect Klondyke for the Sydney newspapers — another proof that out of evil cometh good. On the first Sunday of the war the seventh day was desecrated in the metropolis by. the dailies coming out with special editions of red-hot news ; and the newsboys were scattering war bulletins broadcast while the clergy were propounding the doctrine of peace and goodwill to all. Nothing like the excitement now raging has been seen since Stoddart's team left our shores, and, of course, it would take very little to run Old England into the rumpus also, and in that case we can settle down to a steady course of war for breakfnst, dinner, tea, and supper. Possibly all this may help to rush on Federation ; certain it is that the urgency of at once uniting for defence must be admitted even by those who are kicking the hardest and shouting the loudest against the much- « orried Convention Bill. The war has taken a deal of interest out of the Federation fight, ot course, but it is far off as yet, and when the novelty wears off we may have cooler heads and more time to think about getting our own house in order. That it requires straightening up has long been too apparent but —better late than never. As no one — not even the professional fortune tellers who peer into the future tor half-a-crown a peep — can tell how the present war will end, about the safest thing to do is to wait till it is all over, and then assume a loud assertive air and go round button-holing unoffending patient people and excitedly asking : " What did I always tell you ?" War is about as uncertain a pastime as pony- racing — to say nothing of its unhealthy nature — and so many persons are behind the scenes pulling the ropes, as a rule, that the result is all a matter of guess-work with the outside public. That the present will be an expensive war is very certain, for every broadside fired by Uncle Sam's biggest war vessel will cost £150 a pop. The Spanish broadside will cost about the same, and when one of these maritime monsters goes down the hole she will make in the water will not be a circumstance compared with the hole she will make in her country's exchequer. As for the loss of life — that is too pitiful a sub ject for a Christian people to contemplate unless mey are ucniuuy iorcea 10 ao so. Looking over past war history we find that in only two instances out of fifteen — when Alexander at Arbela crushed the power of Persia, and when William of Normandy triumphed at Hastings, — has victory in the end declared for the as sailants. At Marathon Greece was saved from the Persian horde ; the rapacious Athenians were defeated at Syracuse; while at the Metaurus sounded the knell of Hannibal's hopes. Arminius when he crushed Varus freed the Gorman soil from the aggressive Roman ; at Challons the might of Attila was broken, at Tours Charles M artel saved Europe from the Saracenic yoke. The relief of Orleans by Joan of Arc was the commencement of England's dis comfiture ; the defeat of the Armada relieved England from the menaces of Spain ; Blenheim humbled the pride of the all-conquering Louis ; Peter the Great at Pultowa signally overthrew Charles of Sweden, who in his arrogance had looked to subjugate all Russia. At Valmy the threatened Republic of France beat the Prussians, while at Waterloo the greatest soldier— and aggressor — of all time met his doom. Many other instances for and against could be mentioned, but, all told, tho balance of victory would be found to be decidedly in favor of the assailed notion. This looks bod for America, but the truth is you never can tell till the number's up and one side has gone down utterly defeated. School teachers have been patronising the breach of promise court rather much of late, and of course some interesting statements in writing have been made public, to the great confusion of the writers. In the last case tried tho defaulting swain seems to have broken off his courting be cause his lady love persisted in calling him " Porkey." The fair one pleaded that that was merely a term of endearment— a matter which recalls the following story : — During the hearing of a certain maintenance case the husband backed up bis defence by the strange plea that his wife often drovo him into a rage by calling liirn "Birdie." "What!" exclaimed the astonished stipendiary, " do you mean to tell me that you actually felt aggrieved merely because your wife used such a harmless loving term as " Birdie ?" # "Pardon me, your worship, but you don't understand this matter," chipped 'in the wife with a merry little laugh. " There is a story attached to it, aud I'll tell it, although I am afraid it will count against me. We wore mar ried in Texas, and as my husband would do nothing but hold up the street posts and polish public-house bars with his back, and talk poli tics, while I had to earn enough to keep the family, my two brothers caught him one night and tarred and feathered him, and shouted to me as they pushed him iu the door, ' Sarah, look out for your pretty Birdie 1 The tar wasn't very good, and we're afraid the beggar is going to moult !' I fear, your Worship, that I colled him Birdie in order to rake up a very unpleasant remi niscence, indeed." Like Banquo's ghost, the church debt worry " will not down," but keeps popping up with painful persistency everywhere a church is found. A Melbourne divine, while wrestling with this trouble, recently admitted that he had tried to clear off the heavy debt 011 his church by means of prayer. But ho either hadn't used the proper form of prayer, or he didn't pray hard enough to wake his slumbering flock up to a due sense of their obligations. This, by the way, reminds me that another deeply disappointed prayerful party was a colored deacon who, by way of shaking up the spiritual side of his flock, told them tbat on the following Sunday he would pray for a sack of potatoes and a dozen chickens, and before long the lot would come down from heaven and crash through a window over his head. When the fateful day arrived the church was crammed with an eager, expectant audience ; but, although the poor parson prayed until he was hoarse, not a single spud or pullet appeared. The party whom he had engaged to take charge of the good things lie had provided and drop them through the roof at an appointed time, cleared out with the lot, and the duped deacon felt that the greatest effort of his life had struck heavily on a snag and was wrecked beyond recovery. Yot another duped divine touched his lambs up " on the raw " by remarking, when the con tribution-box was returned to him as empty as the historical cupboard of Old Mother Hubbard, " Experience may be a dear teacher, but it seoras to me that the members of this particular flock who have experienced religion, have accom plished it at a' very trifling cost. Tho choir will now sing the 77th liymn, omitting the first, third, and fourth verses, in order to says the unnecessary wear and tear on the organ." The " best of the bundle," however, refers to a worthy colored deacon, who, in response to his pastor's inquiry, " Did yo' pass de hat?" said " Yas, sah, I sent it round very car'fully." " What's in it ?" asked the eager cleric. "Well," replied the dusky deacon, " de linin' am in it dis time — de fust time secli a thing ebor happened. De good cause am looking up, and I reckon de folks about here must be gettin' religious at last!" The poor we have always with us ; not tbat we want them particularly, but because civilisa tion has not as yet shown itself able to remove the causes which cause poverty to flourish like a Bathurst burr. The poor newspaper man is generally ranked amongst the "poorest of the poor," and his wails are, therefore, frequent and free. The latest and most pitiful comes from Glen Innes, where a literary genius lifts up bis voice and moans : " Country newspaper proprie tors are sometimes in great trouble over the re missness of their constituents to pay up. I noticed an item the other day which spoke of a girl who kneaded bread with her gloves on. The editor, hard up for coin, thus referred to the cir cumstances : 'We need bread with our pants on, we need bread with our boots on, and if our sub scribers don't pay up pretty soon wo shall need bread without anything on.' " # Many persons labor under the false impression that the Parisians are a gay giddy people whoso chief delight, when they are not shouting tlie " Marseillaise " and blowing each other into chips, is to patronise the dancing saloons and gardens, where lithe-limbed ladies smilingly advance to their partners and then shoot up their shapely legs and pat the said partners' polls with their taper toes._ This is a great mistake, of courso; The Parisians can be very serious when they choose, and in the way of managing municipal matters they can hold their own against all comers. Some of the stolid plodding Rip Van Winkles who rule many Australian cities might read, mark, loam, and inwardly digest the follow ing programme of action, adopted by the Con gress of City Councillors held in Paris. # 1 Every city shall administer its own finances, police, etc., without the interference of the Government. 2 All municipal works shall, be done under the eight-hour system at union wages. 3 Public real estate and other public property shall not be sold. 4 The municipality shall render regular financial aid to the invalid or old workmen. 5 All monopolies to become the property of the city. 6 Abolition of municipal import taxes ; the pupils of public schools to re ceive all school material free of charge ; free medicine services ; free of charge dispensaries, etc. Nearly all the foregoing programme is already in force in Paris itself, which is admit tedly one of the best (if not the best) governed municipalities in the world. 