THE NOVELIST. THE HAUNTING FACE. It was a typical November day, with a thick fog and pouring rain, and, in consequence, the smoking-room of the Artists' Club in Burleigh-street, Strand, was well filled with smokers. The conversation turned upon ghosts, the general opinion being against their existence. "Can you find anyone," said Grey, puffing fiercely at a large black pipe, *' who can truthfully say he has seen a ghost?" " Yes ; I can say so." The voice came from a remote corner of the room, and all eyes were immediately turned in that direction and presently a tall thin man emerged from behind a thick cloud of smoke, and joined the circle. / " "Why, Field, old chap !" exclaimed several of the men, " when did you come back from America ? We had no idea you were here !" " Last night," answered Field, quietly dropping into a chair in the centre of the group. He was a man of forty, just turning Bengrey tall and strongly built, with steel 1 blue eyes, that had a peculiar way of glittering in the semi-darkness. " Let us have your experience of ghosts, old man," said Grey, who had first spoken. " But remember, it must be a good tale of facts, and no fiction." " Fact it certainly will be," replied the other; whether you will believe it, I cannot say. But here goes for what it is worth." " Most of you know Sir John Terrance, of Pepper Harrow, near Godalming P " "Rather," answered most of those present. " Well, last Christmas I spent a week It the Grange. It is a splendid old house, and stands in magnificent grounds. I would not venture to say how many hundreds of years the house and estate have been in the family of the Terraces, but in Cromwell's time they were well known, and were staunch Royalists, throwing in their lot with King Charles, and afterwards with Prince Charlie. " Strangely enough, there were only a small number of guests during my stay there, and I therefore saw a good deal of Terrance and a capital host he made, I can assure you. The day after my arrival it poured continually, and I was prevented from going out. I was left to myself in the morning, as Terrance bad business to transact with the steward, and his wife was unwell. I strolled into the library-a large room on the right of the entrance-in order to find a book I wished to refer to. I may be tedious, but I must describe this room to you. It is panelled entirely in black oak, which gives it a somewhat sombre Appearance ; but there is a large square window opening on to the terrace, that throws a fair amount of light into the otherwise dark apartment. The furniture is massive and antique. A large knee-hole table stands sideways to the window, with a most comfortable leather covered chair in front of it; there are also several more or less easy chairs scattered throughout the room; and there are two or three heavy book-cases, Well filled with volumes of reference, and also books for lighter reading. Several old oil-paintings hang upon the Walls and over the fire-place, which is an old-fashioned open one, for burning log are the arms of the Terraces carved in stone. At the fag-end of the room, and opposite the window, there is another door, but made so as to appear part of the panelling. "When I entered the room I was Somewhat surprised to see a man, dressed as a Roman Catholic priest, sitting at the table in the window, busily writing. I knew that Terrance was a Roman Catholic; but when I met the Various guests the night before, no priest Was among them,, and I knew that no fresh guest had arrived that morning. I apologised for my intrusion, and was just crossing to a bookcase, when the man looked up, as a person who is at a loss for a word when writing might do. " At sight of his face my footsteps were arrested. Never has it been my lot to look upon such a face before. Have you ever imagined Judge's face when the thirty pieces of silver had been counted out to him, and he had realised the paltriness of the amount compared with what he had lost? What utter despair must have been portrayed when he came and threw down the thirty pieces for which he had bartered his Soul! "Directly I saw the man's face, Judas came into my mind, for I saw before me the face of a lost soul. If hell, that people of the present day have satisfactorily disposed of, is peopled with such facts as the one I saw, fire and brimstone are not necessary adjuncts. During my time I have seen men Writhing in physical pain, but their faces were calm and peaceful compared with the one before me. His torture was mental-remorse ; the worm that death but had her' fangs deeply set in his brain. If I could I would describe this face I saw ; but words are quite inadequate. " The man presently rose, taking no notice of me, and, gathering up his papers, hurried across the room, disappearing through the door at the far end. -"I got the book I required, and was about to leave the room, when Sir John Terrance came in. "'I have been looking for you everywhere, Field, he said Come to my den, and have a smoke and a what. I have finished my work at last, thank goodness.' " ' All right, old' man ; but where do you keep your family chaplain Y "'Family chaplain! We have no finch luxury.' "indeed! Why, I have just seen somebody very like one but I cannot Congratulate you upon the look in his face-it haunts me now and I am afraid I shall have bad dreams to-night.' "'If you have seen a priest here, Field, he must have been a ghost, for there is certainly no living one in the house. But come to my sitting room, and tell me all about it you have roused my curiosity.' "'Very well; but first tell me where that door leads to pointing to the one through which the priest had passed. " ' That is only a cupboard, and leads : nowhere. Come and look for yourself. "We crossed the room and opened the door, and sure enough it was as he said; there was only a long dark cup- board, lined with black oak, similar to that in the room. "When we reached the comfortable room that Terrance made his study, and had- each lighted a cigar, I was pressed for my tale. " At the close of it Terrance continued Brooking ; but I noticed a troubled look on his face. " ' Would you recognise the priest, he asked. ' if you saw his portrait ?' " ' Most certainly, I answered. ' It is a face I shall never forget a face I wish I had never seen.' " ' Come with me to the picture gallery, and pick him out, he said quietly, leading the way out of the room. .' The picture gallery was at the back of the Grange, running its whole breadth, and it was lighted by means of a glass roof. The floor was of black oak, polished like a mirror and the walls were completely covered with portraits of bygone ancestors of my host. " We walked slowly along the gallery. "Until presently I stopped at a small portrait. There before me was the picture of the priest I had seen not half I M hour, ago in the library. But how different he appeared in his portrait ! There was then no trace of the hunted, agonized look that continually haunted me now. The face was a sad one, I admit, even in the picture, but the expression was peaceful. " ' That is the man, I said. That is the man.' " ' Unless? you are making some mistake,' replied Sir John the man you saw in the library was a ghost for the priest there lived in the days of Crom- well. I know,' he continued, that it is the general belief that the Grange, like most old houses, is haunted ; but I have never seen a ghost, and you are the first person who has suggested that there may be one. But come and have another cigar, and I will tell you the history of that man.' " The man whose portrait you have just seen, and whose ghost you also think you have seen, was the chaplain to Sir Jacob Terrance, who occupied the Grange in the time of Cromwell. He was a stout old Royalist, and had followed the fortunes, or rather the misfortunes, of King Charles until the death of that monarch's death that Bullies the fair fame of England. After the King's death several Royalist meetings were held at the Grange to arrange for Cromwell's overthrow. Everything was done with the greatest secrecy ; but Sir Jacob was betrayed by his chaplain, Richard Strange, and literally sold to Cromwell. " Sir Jacob was arrested and beheaded in the Tower, a martyr to the cause of the king. It leaked out, however, who the traitor was, and a small band of relatives and friends of Sir^acob swore that he should not go unpunished. " Cromwell had rewarded this man by granting him the house and estate of his benefactor and victim, but the Royalists in the district swore that he should never enjoy his ill-gotten possessions. * " You must know that the library was the chaplain's favourite room, and it was in this room that his enemies determined to kill him. They bribed the servants, and three of them obtained entrance to the house, and crept silently towards the library. Judge of their disappointment, however, to find, on opening the door, that the priest had disappeared. The window, which you observed looked upon the terrace, was open, and it is generally supposed that the wily chaplain, suspecting the plot upon his life, escaped through it in the darkness. Be this as it may, no trace of him could be found, although the country round was searched for days ; neither did it appear that any . person answering his description left England ; hut, of course, news in those days travelled very slowly, and he probably escaped. " ' Now you know as much as I do,' said Sir John, leaning back in his chair and relighting his cigar that had gone out. ' You can understand the look upon the face you saw. He was a traitor,., as Judas was, and is, no doubt, suffering his just punishment ; yon know I, being a Roman Catholic, believe in hell and purgatory.' " ' I also believe in hell,' I replied. " and had I not done so before the face I saw to-day would certainly have shaken my unbelief for if remorse and torture went ever depicted, they were depicted there.' 'We sat for some little time in silence after this. Presently he rose. " ' I must solve this ghost mystery, Field, he said. 'I cannot think you merely imagined all you have told me for you were not aware of the existence of this priest until I told you the story,' " ' I certainly saw the man as plainly as I see you now, and never for one moment supposed him to he a ghost. Have you ever carefully examined the cupboard into which he went? I feel sure the solution of the mystery, if there be one, lies there. " I have not; but come, and we will do so now.' We descended to the library, and, taking a lantern, carefully examined the cupboard, but could find no sign of any exit, and were about to leave it, disappointed, when moving awkwardly my foot struck heavily against a portion of the panelling on the side nearest the fireplace. There was a slight creaking sound, and a square of panel slid slightly to one side. Curious to see how the spring acted, I inserted my fingers in the opening, and, pushing the board to one side, I found that the panel slid easily back, revealing about a dozen steps built in the thickness of the wall. " ' By Jove !' said Sir John we shall find out something now, but it's rather strange there is no record of this hiding place, so far as I know. " ' Never mind whether there is or not,' I replied, now thoroughly interested. ' Give me the lantern, and I will lead the way, " With the light in my hand. I started up the steps, counting twelve. Further progress was blocked, however, by a mass of brickwork that had fallen from above. But there was evidently an open. space beyond, for when I opened the lantern and held the light close to the wall of brick, the flame flickered, showing that there was a slight current of air. "'Get a pickaxe,' I said, turning to Terrance, who stood just behind me, and I will try and remove some of this rubbish.' " ' Shall I get one of the men to come, or can you manage yourself ?' he asked. " I think I can manage without help, I replied; 'and you may not care to let others into the secret, if there is one.' " He left me to obtain the pickaxe, and while he was away I carefully examined the obstruction. As I did so, I felt a peculiar sensation, compelling me to' turn round, and I became aware of the same priest I had seen in the library a short time previously, standing at the foot of the steps. " The light from the lantern fell full upon the agonised face,, revealing in a startling manner all its misery and despair. "A cold perspiration broke out all over me, and my knees had barely strength to support the weight of my body, and I could scarcely suppress a cry when the apparition-for such I knew it now to be commenced to mount the steps. Just before it reached me, however, Terrance came back with the pickaxe, and the priest disappeared. " ' Why, Field,' Terrance cried, ' what's the matter with you ? It must be the air in this close hold I suppose,' he added. You look as white as a ghost ! ' " ' I have seen one." I gasped and it is more horrible than I can tell you. Terrance ! I am convinced that we are about to make a terrible discovery.' " ' Seen again ?" exclaimed Terrance, casting a fearful look behind him, and hurrying up to my side. " Where was it?" " At the foot of the steps,' I whispered and had you not come back, I think I should have lost my reason, for it had nearly reached me ; but at the sound of your steps it disappeared. Evidently the ghost does not wish to be seen by you. " I took the pickaxe, and after some time managed to make a hole through the fallen rubbish large enough to admit of our creeping through. I went first with the lantern, and found myself in a small chamber running towards the chimney. "At first the room seemed to be empty. But no ! what was that in the far corner ? I seized Terrance by the ' arm, and pointed with the lantern. 1 " ' Good God !' he exclaimed, peering forward. " There, in a corner, was a skeleton, . its fleshless hands pressed against each side of its skull. At its side lay a bundle of old papers and a parchment, and close to these a canvas bag, from large holes in which appeared the gleam of gold. " We nerved ourselves, and moved towards the silent form, gazing with staring eyes upon this remnant of mortality. Presently Terrance stooped and picked up the parchment, which was yellow with age. We managed, however, to decipher enough of the quaint writing to show that it was the title-deed of the house and estate of the Grange at Pepper Harrow, given to Richard Strange, priest of the Roman Catholic Church, for services rendered, the deed being signed by Cromwell. The other papers were too much decayed to enable us to de- cipher what was written in them. We were, without doubt, in the presence of all that remained of Sir Jacob Terrance's chaplain. After all these years it had been our lot to unearth this hiding-place and solve the mystery of his sudden disappearance. "Frightened, no doubt, on learning that Sir Jacob's friends were seeking to avenge his master's death, he had hidden himself, thinking to leave the house when the search for him had ended; but a more awful fate awaited him. On reaching his hiding-place, the brickwork of the roof had evidently fallen, blocking him up securely in a trap, and here the miserable man had died, cut off from all help. "No one but I had ever seen the ghost of the traitor priest, but strange noises Were said to be often heard behind the panelling of the library, and it was generally supposed to be haunted. Terrance had the remains removed and buried in the grounds, and used the money-over £300 for masses to be said for the repose of the soul of Richard Strange. "The title-deeds to the estate he retained as a curiosity. His own title would never be disputed, as the Grange and lands belonging thereto had been restored to the Terraces on Charles II. Coming to the throne." " Whew ! what a strange yard, Field !" said Grey, as the other concluded, and proceeded to light his pipe, which had gone out. " It is strange, but nevertheless true and that priest's face always haunts me, and I will never believe there are no such things as ghosts." " I suppose the priest doesn't appear now," said one of the men ; " because I should very much like to make his acquaintance if he does." "I don't think you would, Aubrey," said Field, turning to him. " The face of a lost soul is not pleasant to behold." " Thanks, old man, for the yarn," said Grey. " You have made me feel quite cheerful. And now I propose we retire." 