TURF FLOTSAM AND JETSAM. By "APEMANTOS." AT Moonee Valley last Thursday there was a narrow eBcape from a catastrophe Eomewhat similar to that which gave Canlfield such an unenviable notoriety, and last week it looked as if foul riding to pievent FitzToy, the favourite, from obtaining a favourable show in the race were the cause. At least, so one or two jockeys who rode in the race have told me. I at first thought it was due to the duEt which obscured the actions of the horses at the turn out of the straight. If the jockeys' version be correct it shows once sgain the necessity for stewards stationing themselves at various points of the course. Regarding the dust about which there were so many complaints, Mr. Archie Cox informs me that the water for the day's meeting cost him over £20, as he had water carts on the course proper sprinkling the surface from 12 o'clock the previous night up to the commencement of the first race; but the soil has been rendered so hard by the continue^ absence of rain that water carts were not of much ^vail. Anyway he tried hiB utmost to copB with the trouble, and no man could do more. THE stewards at Moonee Valley misspd two or three horses effected with dental troubles, but they were on the alert in one caEe, that of Telegraph, and it was exceedingly fortunate for the parties behind the Sydney gelding that he ran the dead-heat. The severe censure may perhaps have its due effect. THE Hurdle Eace provided a pretty finish between The Swift and Nilus, but the grey lasted longer than Mr. Miller's big bay, and won an exceedingly fast ?race, Earlston being a very poor tlrrd. When going well at the back Piatina c'jme a na3ty cropper. The victory of the outaider was very grateful to the fielder?, as Nilus was backed down to 5 to 4, whilst The Swift went out at sevens. As a compliment to the hsndicappers, a field of ten faced the barrier for the Trial Handicap. The Sydney pony, Bootha, touched 0 to 4, and then was relegated to the outside division at tens. Cannonite at two's and Eulalie at a point longer monopolised attention when Bootha was Eent to the right-about, and they provided a splendid contest, Jack Horner's sister, who was most vigorously ridden by Alfy Hearn, just cVeating Cannonite by half-£-head in the good time of 1.5J. THE March Handicap saw a bad accident, as rounding the tiun out of the straight the dust was 60 thick that a scrimmage took place, with the result that Viking fell heavily, and Fitzroy, Martini and Pactolus were so severely interfered with that their chances were quite destroyed, Fitzroy and his jockey, Martin Gallagher,"both coming in lame. Nevertire, who was a friend of the fielders, won very comfortably from Sinecurist and Skyla. Fitzroy was a strong favourite from the beginning of the betting. Pactolus ricked his spine so severely that he Jhad to be destroyed. £ PECULATION in the Alphington Handicap saw Telegraph and the English-bred pony, Countess Aberdeen, fluctuating alternately for the premier position, and the latter took a strong lead, with Telegraph being in the rear. At the turn the imported filly cried a go, and then The Bright Eyes shot out on the outside, but Telegraph came with such a run that he dead- heated with Mr. Cook's filly, although the general opinion was in favour of Telegraph. When a close thing arrives, however, the man in the box is the only one to decide. A field of ten faced the barrier, and throughout the average of starters was specially good. The owners decided to run off and Telegraph, with 3 to I on him, won in a canter. ON the strength of his run at Aspendale Park, Podarces was strong in the market for the Jumpers' F.'at Eace, and so was Fernbank, but Cameron on the former kept too far out of his ground and was comfortably beaten by the local horse E I.C, with Lindsay, who was rather injudiciously ridden, third. A FIELD of eighteen faced the barrier for the Welter Handicap, the Sydney pony Vade being pounced upon immediately as the good thing, but the winner turned up in the rank outsider King Olaf, who hails from the Moorabool district. His victory was a great cue for the metaliiciam*, who hardly wrote his name. THE V.A.T.C. meeting at Caulfield on Saturday last was a most successful one, as the attendance was better than was generally looked for considering the counter attraction of the cricket match between the English Eleven and Victoria. The weather was splendid, and in addition to the Convention delegates who gave their countenance to the meeting, we had amongst the visitors the members of the visiting cricketing team who were not actively engaged on the Melbourne Ground. The sport was of an interesting character throughout, and Tonce again showed that the members of the ring had not lost their money at Flemington ; they had only lent it to backers at compound interest. THERE were'nine starters for the Federal Stakes' and at one time there really was nothing] to chooEe in favouritism between Cardamon and Ormuz, but eventually the Bill of Portland colt had the oall over the half-brother to Abercorn, whilst The Pirate King carried the coin and confidence of those who persistently back this handsome and speedy young gentleman whose luck is just good enough to break a man. Dicky Walker, on Cardamon, did not ride the waiting race thi6 time, for he made every post a winner, and it was just as well he did, for The Pirate King came with such a great dash that the son of Gossoon only juBt managed to stay it out, beating The Pirate King by a long neck, with the favourite, who once again ran ungenerously, a moderate third. Cardamon showed such great gameness and stamina that he will have to be reckoned with when we are considering the chances of our Derby candidates. His dam, Cinnamon, is well-known, and established a reputation when she threw Abercorn. Cardamon's sire, Gosjoon, was imported, being by Galopin from Petal, by Hermit—Gardenia, by Macaroni—Araucaria, a daughter of that queen of brood mares, Pocahontas. Gossoon's sire Galopin was also sire of the mighty St. Simon, who begat Bill of Portland, who begat Bobadil. I have all along believed that Walter Hickenbotham had a good one in Cardamon, and now 1 am sure of it. THE nice field of ten faced the barrier for the Hurdle Eace, the Mordialloc gelding, Miller, being such a reputed good thing, that he was backed down to 5 to 2, with Milord and Biplet following him very closely in the quotations. But whilst the poor punters were looking for something they bad backed to show up prominently Mr. Miller's Nilus, who went out at any price, was showing to advantage throughout, and, never giving any opponent the ghost of a show, won in a canter from The Swift, with the favourite next. The reversal from Moonee Valley was distinct, as there The Swift worried down Nilus and beat him in the last quarter furlong, but in the more open country of Caulfield the leggy Glorious gelding simply made a hack of the grey Sydney horse, and yet as at Moonee Valley anyone could see both jockeys were working their utmost for victory. As we have seen with Whernside, the big and leggy sons of Glorious like plenty of room to shift themselves on. THE St. Kilda Cup, which followed, was over the popular distance of one mile, and saw seventeen contestants, or any way that number of saddle cloths on BO many horses. Spencer, on the strength of his Farewell Handicap victory, although raised 191bs., was made favourite with Cabin Boy also in strong commission, whilst Veloce and Catspawalso had numerous admirers. Cabin Boy and Maitini were the vanguards until the straight was reached, when Veloce shot up, and from this point the race was interesting, the two Sydneyites being the first to ciy a quit, and then Veloce was unable to sustain the almost simultaneous challenges of Goodman and Spencer, who weie having a tussle, when Ailsa Craig, on the outside, caaie with a Culzean stride and got home comfortably by a length and a-half from Goodman, with Spencer, Veloce and Cabin Boy all close up. The owner of Goodman was successful in his protest against i ilsa Craig for interference, and Mr. Menzies at once gave notice of appeal to the V.R.C., which has, however, since been withdrawn. NOTHING but Ouyen would go down with the punters for the Steeplechase but she jumped horribly, and George Brewer's Blue Peter worried her so much at the jumps that she was unable to race with him after her terrible bungle at the last obstacle. Wilcox deserved great credit for the manner in which he kept Blue Peter going all the time. Cedric fell, and Songster managed to beat Courtier for the third money. THE revived Selling Race attracted eight starterp, although three and twenty were named on the card. Telegraph, for some inscrutable reason, was made a strong favourite, going out eventually at 6 to 4 on him, whilst Aluminum, at 5 to 2 against her, was the only other backed, twelves bein g freely on offer bar this pair. The race, needs no description, as Aluminum jumped off at score, and never being headed won in a canter, with Roscommon dividing her and the favourite. On being submitted to auction the winner was bought in for £155, she having been entered to be sold for .£50. ALTHOUGH eleven faced the barrier for the South Tarra Handicap, there were very few genuinely on the job. The first to receive notice in the metallic operations were Fortunio and Melema, and whilst the former maintained his place the latter retired to the outside division. There was such a solid commission in for Hymettus that he eventually started favourite, with Fortunio and Orpheline on his heels in the quo tations. The Eiridspord colt waB left at the post, but Norman Leek inttant'y drove hP* passing through hia horses, vtho opened up to give him the ineide Jl after going a couple of furlon™ iM nut,'running a vastlyjdittereat racefc at Flemington just a week ptevkmi home and won aB he liked, wi|]> Lochaber in the places. As'the to encompass the journey of sirfuri,^ be interesting to know what tto^l doing. LAST week I took a tram tide <W , mond, and was quite delighted win, , fields and close finishes. There wet® ' instances of funny riding, and thereof an unaccustomed pleasure to one whl> attends the registered courses to nnts& tent manner in which the stewa^t. the malefactor?. The outlaws set mh jr example in their efforts to rub out anv cronk nature, that they deserve enJn in every way. Strange to say yon ZL whieper about the stewards bettiog 21 uuregistered meetings! You don't w * 1 else at the other kind, ACCOBDING to the report and baW^. the Geelong Racing Club forward revived institution is in a most flonrsM dition, having a credit balance of £1250, with the liabilities side of the sheetuJ Mr. W. R. Wilson has promised"£loo, Frank Austin .£50 for the next mi club should have a prosperous future. TO-DAT the Kyneton meeting will BET on Saturday Mr. Ashe invites patron? to} for which meeting some capital eat: been received. Acceptances for Gnkan™ well as the general entries, are due fo-dsjl 