THE GHOSTS OF WOODSTOCK , •~ 7 ~r~ •'-f i One jOf ,the beeii/stories of a haui)ted Kouso fcf jtlj^b which ie related of the.Eoyal Palace at -Woodstock in the year -1649, when the commiseiofiera sent from 'London hy. the l<ong Parliament totoke pbeseBfion of |t and cSace'all the emblems of Royalty about it, were fairly driven out by their fear of the devil, and tho annoyances thoy suffered from a roguish cavalier,who played the imp to admiration. Tiie commissioners, dreading at that time no devil, arrived at Woodstock on the 13th of October, 1619. They took up their lodgings in the late King's apartments, turned the beautiful bedrooms and withdrawing rooms into kitchens and sculleries ; the council-hall into a brew-house, and mado Hie diningroom a place to keep firewood in. They pulled down ali the insignia of Royal Slate, and treated with the utmost indignity eveiything that recalled to their memory the name of the King. One Giles Sharp accompanied them in the capacity of clerk, and seconded their o[forte apparently with the greatest zeal. He aided them to uproot a noble old tree, merely because it was oalled the King's oak, aud tossed the fragments into the dining-room to make cheer- ful fires for the commissioners. During the first two days they heard some strange . noises about the bouse, but they paid no great attention to them. On the thirds however, they began to snepect they had got into bad company ; for they heard, as they thought, a supernatural dog under their bed, which enawed their bedclothes. On the next day the chairs and tables began to dance, apparently of their own aocord. On the fifth day something came into the bed- chamber and walked up and down, and fetching the warming-pan out of the withdrawing-room made so much noise with it that they thought five church bells were ringing in their ears. On the sixth day the plates and diehes were thro fin up and down the dining room. On the seventh dny they penetrated into the bedroom in compuny with several logs of wood, and usurped the soft pillows intended for the commissioners. On the eight and ninth nights there was a cessation of hostilities, but on the tenth the bricks in the chimnoye became locomotive, and rattled and danced about the floors and round Uie heads of tlit 'commissioners all the night long. On the eleventh the demon ran away with tlieir breeches, and on the twelfth filled their beds so full of pewterplatters that tliey could not get into them. On the thirteenth night the glass became unaccountably seized with s fib of cracking, and fell into shivers in all iparts of the house. On the fourteenth there was a noise as if forty pieces of artillery had been fired off and a shower of pebble -stones, which so-alarmed the commissioners that, "struck with great horror, jthey cried oub to one another for help." jThey first of all tried the efficacy of prayers to drive away the evil spirits, bur, those |>roving unavailing, they began seriously to reflect whether it would not be much 'better to leave the place altogether to the devil that inhabited it. They ultimately resolved, however, to try it a little longer, and having craved forgiveness of all their sins betook tbemselveB to bed. That night they slept in tolerable comfort, but it wut merely a trick of their tormentor to lull them into false security. When on the succeeding night they beard no noises they began to flatter themselves that the devil wasdriven out, and prepared accordingly to take up their quarters for the whole winter in the palace. .These symptoms on their part became tho signal for renewed uproar among the fiends. On the let of November they heard something walking with a tlow and solemn pace up and down the withdrawing- room, and immediately afterwards a shower of stones, bricks, mortar, and broken glass pelted about their ears. On the 2nd the steps were again beard in the withdrawing-room, sounding to their fancy very much like the treading of an enormoue bear, which. continued for about a quarter of an hour. This noise having ceased, a large warming-pan was thrown violently upon the table, followed by a number of stones and the jawbone of a horse. Some of the boldest walked vuliantly into the withdrawing-room armed with swords and pistols, but could discover nothing. They were afraid that night to go to eleep, and sat up making fires in every room, and burning oandles and lamps in great abundance, thinking that as the fiends loved darkness they would not disturb a company surrounded with so much light. They were deceived, however, buckets of water came down the chimneys and extinguished the fires, and the candles were blown out, they knew not how. Some of the servants, who bad betaken themselves to bed, were drenched with putrid ditch water as they lay, and arose in great fright, muttering incoherent prayers, and exposing to the wondering eyes of the commissioners their linen all dripping with green moisture, and their knuckles ted with the blows they had at the same' time received from some in-, visible tormentors. While they were still speaking there was a noise like the loudest thunder or the firing of a whole park of artillery, upon whidh they all fell down upon tbeir knees and implored the protection of the Almighty. One of the commissioners then arose, the others still kneeling, and asked in a courageous voice and in the name of God who was there, and what they had done that they should be troubled in that manner.. No answer-was returned, and the noises oeased for awhile, At length,, however, ns the commissioners eaid, " the devil came again, and brought with it seven devil* worse than iMelf.'.' Being 'again in darkness, they lighted la'oaiidle and placed it in the doorway that it might throw a light upon the two chambers at ouce, but it WHS suddenly blown out, and one commissioner said that he had *' «een the similtude of B horse's hoof striking the candle uud candlestick into the middle of the chamber, and afterwards making three escapes on the snuff to put it out." Upon this the same person was so bold as to draw his sword ; but he assorted positively that he had hardly withdrawn it from the scabbard before an invisible hand seized hold of it and tugged with him for it, tuid, prevailing, struck him so violent a blow with the pommel that he was quite stunned. Then the noises began again, upon which, with one accord, they all retired' into the presence chamber, where they passed the night praying and sjnging pBilms. They were by this time convinced that it was' useless to struggle"»ny Jongor with the powers ot evil, that seemfcd determined tio* make Woodstock thslr owta.. T?he>e thintrs happened on the Saturday night,'' and, being repeated on the Sunday, they determined to lfeave the place immediately and return to London. By Tuesday morning early all theii preparations were completed, and, shaking the dust off their feet, and d»j vctifig WooSstock and all 'its inhabitants totIie'inferniil god(, they finally took their departure. Many years elapsed before the true cause of these disturbances wall discovered; It 'was ascertained ab the Bestoralion' that'tlx; whole was the work of Giles Sbarp. the trusty clerk of/the commissioner^,, l'liie man, whose .real name wus JosbplrCollins, was -a crnceided $C6yalieb, and liaid'pau'ed his early life within' the bowers of Wood, stock, so that he knew every hole and corner of the place, and tho numerous trapdoors and secret passages that abounded ill the buildiug. The commissioners, nevei suspecting the truo state of his opinions, but believing him to be revolutionary to the backbone, placed the utmost rclntncc upon him ; a confidence which lie abused in the manuor above deuiilcil to liie own grout amusement and tliut of the fow cavulieri whom he let into the rccret. 