DRAMATIC ITEMS. '? He that plays the king shall be welcome ; toe adventurous knight shall usa bis foil and target ; the lover shall not sigh gratis ; the humorous man shall end his part in peace ; and the lady shall sav her mind freely, or die blank verse shall halt for't.' — ' Hamlet,*' Act &., scene 2. Nothing could be more erroneous than to suppose that 'The Sign of the uom, wlucn is to be staged at the Theatre Royal on Monday next, is a piece which depends for its success on one actor and one actress- If it were possible for playgoers in Perth to see the original Marcus Superbus (Mr. Wilson Barrett) and the original Mercia (Miss Maud Jeffries), no doubt they would pre fer to do so. But, however excellent these impersonations may be, they are by no means indispensable to the suc cess of the drama. In different parts of the world— in the English provinces, on the Continent, in India, Africa, Ame rica, and Australia! — the leading char acters must have been sustained at one time or another* by twenty different actors. Nevertheless, 'The Sign of the Cross' has always succeeded, even when played by touring companies in the Lon don suburbs -within a few miles of Mr. Wilson Barrett's own theatre. 'The Prisoner of Zenda,' which was adapted from Anthony Hope's novel by the- author in conjunction with Mr. Edward Rose, is a good example of the alterations that must bo -made in the most dramatic story before it can be transferred to the stage. Those who have read the book — and it may be presumed, that most playgoers have done so^ — will perhaps be disappointed at finding that certain moving incidents have been omitted cr altered in the dramatised version. Bnt such changes are inevitable. A modern dramatist cannot change his scene with Shakesperian frequency unless the audience is prepared to revert to the Shakeeperian absence of scenery. 'A Royal Divorce,' a historical dra ma by W. G. Wills, deals with certain episodes in the career of the great Na poleon, in whose life there has of late been a great revival of interest. The 'Idler,' the 'English Illustrated Maga zine,' and 'St. Paul's' are among the periodicals- which have devoted con siderable apace to this subject. Most readers sre aware that some 18 months ago Napoleen was impersonated by Sir Henry Irving at the Lyceum Theatre, London, in a very different drama. — 'Madame Sans^Gene.' 'Two Little Vagabonds,' which completes the reper t»ire of Messrs. Williamson and Mus grove's long expected company, is a melodrama with a pathetic death scene, which will delight those who enjoy 'East Lynne' — ind even those who do not. According to the Sydney ''Morn ing Herald,' when Mr. Robert Brough opens bis Melbourne season on October 29, it will be found that of the fenuer combination only he and Mrs. Brough, Miss Emma Temple, and Messrs. Mario Majeroni, Mintyre, and Hards will re main. The new people will be Messrs. W. T. LovelL Joseph Came, Reginald Dartrey, W. H. Rotheram, Leslie Victor, and Percy Brough (who visited Austra lia about two years ago with. Messrs. Frank Thornton and Charles Arnold); and Misses Varra Renney, Bessie Thomp son, Italia Conti, and Evelyn Martheze. With, the exception of a few scenes, Mr. Brough is bringing everything in the way of stage accessories and furnishings from London, and in the case of 'The Liars' and 'Lord and Lady Algy' the production will be replicas c-f those at the Criterion and Comedy theatres. Melbourne 'Tunch,' of September 8, says:- — King Hedley has taken a studio in the Equitable-buildings, sent out cir culars, and is prepared to teach elocu tion. Mr. Hedley is an actor of great and varied experience, and has a tho rough, stage knowledge. In addition to his School of Elocution, Mr. Hedley pro poses to form an Amateur Australian Dramatic Association, which should be an. instantaneous and thorough success, as this city badly needs a good dramatic club. ... Harry Rickards intends to send a variety company up to Bris bane. Biondi, Winton's 'M'Ginty,' and Wood and Ainsworth will be among tiioae forming the new combination. . . . The Mintons are going to India .with. 'Tommy' Hudson. A few weeks ago Me Wilson Br.rrett, in the course of his tour, ha«d Reached Edinburgh. Miss Lillab M'Gr^jtb.y was playing lead in the place of ST1S8 Jeffries. The London 'Era,' of August 13, says : — Ben Greet's ^.gn of the Ooas' Company had an. «9^eedingly bad time while crossing to Jersey during the gale on Saturday l»s». Basil GilL who sus tains the role rjf Marcus Superbus, near ly went to. fer,-l fij&es; instead of the lions, for whBe -&& va« ©n deck, prostrate from mal da mer, the vessel snipped a huge sea, a'jd ]|r. Gill narrowly escaped being ws/iied overboard. The entire company fjxperieooed a great feeling of relief when St. Helier's harbor was reached. An American newspaper humorously suggests that bicycles were in use in Shakespeare's time, quoting in support oi the idea the words of Alonzo, in 'The Tempest,' when he says to the King — We too, my lord, Will guard your person while yen take your rest, And watch your 'safety.' It is thought that Hamlet's father had during his life-time visited a bicycle academy, where beginners were plenti ful, because hie ghost remarks — What a falling off was there, and in the same connection the remark ?of Launce, in 'Two Gentlemen of Ve rona' — Then may I see ihe world on wheels is quoted as a prophecy 'which bae surely been fulfilled.' Miss Nina Boncicault finds it neces sary to deny the statement that has appeared in some papers that on -her marriage with Mr. E. EL Kelly she had retired from the stage. She has not. She is only resting for ihe present, and hopes to be acting again soon. 