Country News. PORT PIRIE. Fobruarvlfi The Early Closers and Ports cricket teams continued the association matches on Wednes day, and, contrary to expectations, the, Ports (premiers) were treated to an afternoon's leather-hunting1, the Closers putting up 213 Green 56, Goss 51, Nunan 25, Clandge 24, and Turpin 19 batting well. Manifold, four for 35, and McLean, three for 28, were Ports' most successful trundlers. . A special and largely attended meeting of the members of the Starr-Bdwkett Building Society, presided over by_ ' Councillor Coles, was held last night to consider the proposal to call tenders for the position of secretary and reduce the scale of .solicitor's charges for transfers and mortgages. The latter proposal was carried,, but the suggested tendering for ** secretaryship was defeated by .58 votes to 16. The annual meeting and election of officers takes place next week. An interesting and exciting billiard match— 500 up— played at the Cental Hotel last night between C. Shultz (professional) and a leading local amateur resulted in a win for Shultz by 43 points. A'h accidpnt happened on the steamer Ouraka last night. Half a hundredweight of lump coal fell from the overhead tram on to a lumper, Richard Murphy, cutting his head severely. Dr. Walker stitched the wound. Murphy is progressing favorably. The weather is fiue, and is warming up. * CLARE, February 19. The Lynch Family of Bellnngers played to a large audience in the Clare Town Hall last night. The entertainment was thoroughly ap preciated and a number of items on the pro- gramme were encored. Grapes are being delivered at the Clare wine cellars, where about 12 tons a day is being crushed. The weather is becoming warm again. MOUNT BARKER, February 15. The untimely death of Mrs. C. L. A. Wyatt, which occurred yesterday afternoon, has occasioned universal regret aud widespread sympathy for the young husband. The de ceased, wjio was only 28 years of age, was a daughter of the late Mr. A. W. Richardson. She had been married less than a year and leaves an infant a few d;*ys old. The funeral took place at the Mouut Barker Cemetery this afternoon and was very largely attended. February 18. The news of the death of Mrs. 'F. C. Aldridge in Adelaide on Monday was re ceived with deep regret here. Mr. Aldridge was the lessee of the Mount Barker Hotel for some time, and the deceased lady had many - friends here. All the district councils and corporations written to by the chairman of the Mount Barker Council have expressed their readiness to support the deputation to the Commissioner of Railways with reference to securing a quicker service on the Southern lines,- and the date of the District Councils Association meeting in Adelaide, March 2, will probably be chosen as that on which to confront Mr. Pendieton. Our cricketers visited Stirling on Saturday, which was a wrStched day for cricket, being cold and boisterous. The local team had first use of the wicket and scored 117, S. Golding making 23, Ottoway 20 not out, Milford 19, and Jacobs 12. The light was very bad when the Mounts went to the creases, and conse quently the wickets fell rapidly, seven being down for 55 when time was called. Atkinson made 30, and Daw 10 not out. GAWLER, February 18. The Rev. A. K. Chignell, who has just rac signed his position as curate of St. George's leaves for England by the Cuzco next week. Hef has obtained 12 months' leave of absence from the bishop and will return to the diocese at the expiration of the term. He intends to engage in further study. The first place of worship at Menzies Barossa mine was opened on Sunday last by the.Gawler Primitive Methodists. The struc ture is of wood aud canvas and will seat nearly 100 people. It cost, with seats, about £30 and was opened clear of debt. The Rev. H. Hartley preached twice on Sunday to good congregations and a social took place on Mon day evening, over which Mr. Rowe presided. Addresses were delivered by the chairman, Mr. R. Marsh, and the Revs. D. Davis and H. Hartley. The annual meeting of the Gawler Chess Club was held on Saturday evening, Mr. S. B. Rudall in the chair. The annual report and balance-sheet were presented by the hon. secretary and treasurer, Mr. H. J. K. Beboe. It was decided to commence a club cham pionship tournament forthwith. Regret was expressed that Messrs. G. W. F. Marshall and R. Stopp were leaving the town, and appropriate minutes were ordered to be re corded. The election of officers resulted as follows : — Patron, Hon: James Martin, ^ M.L.C.; president, Mr. B. E. Deland.; vice- ' presidents, Messrs. F. D. Harris, A. Hol lo way, P. Cheek, E. H. Coombe, J. .W. B. Croft, Dr. Popham, and Dr. Dawes; com mittee, Messrs. G. Kippin, A. Winokel, S. B. Rudall, W. Bassett, and T. Ey ; hon. secre tary and treasurer, Mr. H. J. K. Bebee. The St. George's Entertainment and Singing Association gave their 30th entertainment last night in St. George's schoolroom, in aid of the funds of the Sunday-school. There was a moderate attendance, and the programme was well received. Those who took part were : — Mrs. Coles, MisseB Nellie Leicester, Kitty Paine, Susan Paine, Beadnall, and Croft, aud Messrs. J. A. Hoslam, Home, Coles, Thomson, P. Croft, Field, and Miller. February 22. The Gawler School Board of Adviee met on Friday afternoon last, Mr. William Dawkins presiding. The board inspected the water service at the Gawler public school and saw that it was totally inadequate to supply the necessities of the school. For several weeks past the children have had to take water to the school or .visit the neighbors. Represen tation has been made to the department but nothing definite- has yet resulted. A new and larger service is necessary. The board decided to further emphasise the request to the de partment if necessary. {Several non-attendance cases were dealt with. LYRUP, February 17. At the annual meeting which was held re- k cently the yearly balance-sheet and revenue and expenditure report were adopted. Messrs. A. W. G. F. Robs and W. Roincke were elected trustees subject to the approval of the Commissioner of Crown Lands. We are now busy getting the grape crop cut and drying raisins. Mr. R. W. Skelton has been elected manager of this association, and has arrived at the settlement and entered upon his duties. ? The weather since we had '380 points of rain on the 9th inst. has been cool and pleasant. YORKETOWN, February 21. \- Harvest thanksgiving services in connection with the Wesleyan Church. in this town were held on Sundfcy and Tuesday, February 13 and 16. 3Che;Revs. C. H. Nield and G. E. - ' Wheailey -conducted servjoes on Sunday to good congregations. On Tuesday a tea was - netd hi the Institute.. Hall, followed by a lecture on 'Ghosts' by /the Rev. Q. E. Wheatley ' The Yorketown Brass 'Band, under Band master Pryor, gave an open-air concert on Saturday evening, and the selections were much appreciated. , WALLAROO, February 22. Mr. Derenish, a missionary from Ohitia, - delivered an instructive *n4 ?^j*^tv-^4eo. .^ ' v „ - ture in the Presbyterian Church this evening r on 'China and the Bible.' The attendance was large. The Wallaroo Cycle Club intend arranging for a big meeting on May 14, when a good programme will be carried out. The track has been considerably improved, and it is the intention of the corporation to have it picked up and re-rolled after tbe first good rains so as to ensure a very even surface. The traokis now being enclosed with a pdst-and-wire fence. The weather has been very hot to-day and a cool change is much desired. NANTAWARRA, February 22. On Wednesday, February 16, a cricket matob, 12 aside, was played on the local oval between the local team and one from Port Wakefield. There was a fair number of spec tators, and the day was fine. The home team 1 won by 53 runs, the Nantawarras scoring 105 : W. Young 1?, O. Uppill 30, C. Rattew 15, W. Smith 16, and J. Smith 6 being the chief scorers. In bowling G. Rattew took five for 28, W. Dall four for 12, and W. Smith one for none. The Port Wakefields made 52, C. E. Warren 13, A. Windham 13, R, McDonald 11\. In bowling T. Smith got four wiokets, H. Windham two wickets, H. Wright four wickets, and J. Greenshields one wicket. Mr. E. J. Herbert, president of the looal cricket club, has offered a bat for the batsman with -the highest average in -five matches. LANGHORNE'S CREEK, February 22. -r The vinegrowers in the district are making preparations for the vintage. Mr. Frank Potts, our leading grower, states that despite the dry summer we will have a very good vield of grapes in the neighborhood. The heavy flooding which the vineyards got from the Bremer overflow in the winter time being a splendid standby for the vines Bince the Bummer began. Mr. Potts has recently dis posed of 7,000 gallons of dry red wine to Mr. T. Hardy, of Adelaide, at a reasonable figure, but still much lower than could be got a few years back. The great fall is owing to so many going into the business and causing a temporary glut of the market. Our cricketers were defeated by Milang on Saturday. Milang made 113 (Bowden 52, a good innings) ; Langhorne's Creek, 69 (Taylor 28, and Cheriton 17). LAURA, February 23. We are experiencing another disagreeable visit of the heat wave. Towards the end of last week there was a cool change which it was hoped would continuB. However, on Satur day last heat again set in and has increased in intensity day by day. Yesterday it was 111° in the shade, and this morning there is every indication of its being still hotter. Last night it was very close and oppressive. Tanks are becoming empty, but luckily the many wells still hold out. MELROSE, February 17. A fruit soiree, at which recitations and music both instrumental aud vocal were ren dered, was held in the Institute Hall on Wed nesday evening, and the proceeds, which were satisfactory, will be devoted to the Wesleyan circuit fund. The Rev. J. Blacket occupied the chair, and Miss Annie Slee presided at the organ. Recitations were given by the Rev. W. H. Faull and Mr. Thomas Hawke. Mrs. Berry and Miss L. Williams sang two duets, and Misses S. Slee, Jenny Graham, M. Roper, and Mr. D. Roper contributed solos. There was a good attendance, and a very pleasant evening was spent. AMYTON, February 17. Harvest thanksgiving services were held on Sunday in the Wesleyan Church. The Rev. J. Blacket, of Melrose, conducted two ser vices and preached to good congregations. On Monday a fruit and coffee supper was held and a public meeting, at which addresses were given by the Revs. J. Blacket, J. Thomas, and H. Faull. Songs aud recitations were contributed by local friends of the churoh and special music by the choir. A very enjoyable evening was spent. Ploughing has now become general. Feed is still plentiful and stock are in fair condition. HAMLEY BRIDGE, February 18. The death is announced of an old and esteemed resident, Mr. George Harvey, which oocurred yesterday. The ' deceased who was in his 68th year, came here with his family from the neighborhood of Angaston 30 years ago, and has resided here ever since. He leaves a widow and a grown up family of three sons and three daughters. LOBETHAL, February 18. A masquarede ball took place at the Rising Sun Assembly-room last Friday night, and was a great success. There were rather too many dancers for complete comfort, perhaps, but everyone thoroughly enjoyed themselves. Rago's string band provided the music, while Mr. P. Minogue was M.C. An excellent supper was provided by Mr. WatkinB. The dresses of the ladies were varied aud attrac tive, while the majority of the male danoers donned fancy attire. The erection of-the institute will be begun next Monday. Messrs. Kumnick & Kroeger are the successful tenderers. - The foundation stone will be laid on Maroh 19. The weather is cool and pleasant, but unfor tunately the rain hangs off. YANKALILLA, February 18. The Rev. J. Dingle, who has recently returned, after a residence of two years in Coolgardie, delivered a lecture here last night on West Australia before a good audience. Mr. King O'Malloy, M.P., who is on a visit to the district, had been asked to preside, but being unable to be present the chair was occupied by the Rev. J. Trewin. Mr. Dingle in an exceedingly interesting way spoke of the physical features of the country, the most im portant industries, the liberal concessions given to farmers, but more especially of the wonderful development of the mining industry, which during the past six years had resulted in an increase of the population by over 100,000, while the gold yield for 1897 was valued at over two millions sterling. He added that 1,000 miles of railway had been -^ constructed, which yielded a revenue last year of £818,264, and that Coolgardie and Kal goorlie, the two great mining centres, had a population of over 40,000, which was increas ing every week. Mr. Dingle also spoke of the educational and moral work being accom plished, and concluded by referring to the union of the Methodist Churches of the West. The lecturer was attentively listened to. CLARENDON, February 10. Mr. J. White, of Turner's Gully, met with an aocident yesterday while working with an adze. The tool glanced from the timber on which he was working, and struck him on the leg, cutting into the bone. Dr. Woods was quickly in attendance, and no serious results ? ' are anticipated from the accident'. The long-continued drought has materially . affected the grape crop; in many instances ; whole bunches have been burnt up on the : : vines, and the grapes are Btnall. The vintage, ~ . it is now estimated,, will not be up to the average. Nothing like the present season has ever been experienced in- this locality. Vegetables of any kind are unobtainable in : ... ._ and around Clarendon, and are procured f: principally from Adelaide. : :?'-:-.' February 19. ? Many residents in the neighborhood have ;'.''..'?? to resort to very indifferent well water for ?. -: drinking purposes. The. country generally ??'? ' has never looked so parched for want of rain. Large trees and huge limbs have fallen in all '??? . parts of the country, evidently owing to the ; want of nourishment. In travelling some of -;,'. ?..' . the district roads it is a very common oc -'v- . . currenoe to find the track blooked from fence. Si'v -V ' , Jjotenee.by some huge stringybark tree haying Si' - ; - viallen) necessitating. the traveller goingmilea: ^^5i^-^^-^a«b;^|B'^doBkina^ion, .??. 'Another result of the dry season is that hundreds of i colonies of bees have died of starvation, there vbeing a' total absence of blooms for their nourishment. Honey is exceptionally scarce. : The police officer who has been stationed' here for about 11 years leaves early in Maroh for Port Victor, ? where he succeeds M.C. BluntiBh. Mies Benham, who for some years has been closely associated - with missionary work in connection with the Church of England, in tends to reside in Adelaide owing -to her con stant ill-health. This lady will be sadly missed by the wives and families of the laboring classes in the neighborhood. A-match was played to-day between teams representing Clarendon and Morphett Vale, in which the home team were victorious. TARLEE, February 9. The weather has been intensely hot during the past few nights, the : thermometer re peatedly reaching 108°. Last night a nice shower of rain fell, whigh has made it much cooler, though it is still close and sultry with the wind persistently east to north-east. All admit that this is the hottest summer known here for years. Water in tbe township is scarce, and unless rain cornea shortly there will be a water famine. The trying weather has been largely responsible for the severe illness of several children, and about a quarter of the Bchool children are suffering from ophthalmia, which keeps them away from school. February 21. The annual social in connection with the literary society was held on Friday evening last. Recitations, songs, games, and dancing made a very pleasant evening's enjoyment. Ophthalmia is very prevalent just now, and a number of children are away from school in consequence. The weather during the past week has been pleasant, but it is setting in warm again now. Rain is badly needed to replenish the supply in the tanks. There is every danger of a water famine unless it rains shortly. BULL'S CREEK, February 2L Things are becoming rather serious in regard to the weather. There has not been rain enough at one fall to lay the dust since the first week in October, and some of the water soaks and springs are getting very low. Tanks are empty and useless until Tain comes again, and as far as green feed is concerned there is none except where irrigation is carried on. The grasshoppers have given the season best, but the rabbits seem to thrive. The bees have found it hard to gather a little honey, and the consumers will have to pay more for the article this year than they have paid for many years. Mr. W. J. Maidment, who has been suffer ing for over four years, and more acutely during the last year, returned to Ashbourn from Adelaide last week after consulting doc tors there without success, and his many friends verydeeply sympathise with him in the great suffering that has fallen to his lot. SADDLEWORTH, February 21. The Lynch Family performed in the Insti tute Hall on Tuesday evening to a moderately good house. The performance was greatly ap preciated and encores were frequent. On Thursday evening the harvest festival thanksgiving service in connection with St. Aidan's Anglican Church was held. The Ven. Archdeacon Dove was the preacher, while the Revs. A. G. Ring, F. E. Perrin, and E. K. Yeatinan, rector of the church, were present and took part in the service. The sermon was delivered by Archdeacon Dove. Appropriate hymns and an anthem were sung by the choir and the church was tastefully decorated. On Sunday week the Baptists held their harvest thanksgiving services, and they had a public meeting and supper on the Monday evening following. The services were con ducted by Rev. Or. Frisby Smith, and were well attended and satisfactory. Our cricket club is at a low ebb. Last Saturday in a match against Riverton only nine men could be mustered on our ground. The scores were — Saddleworth 60, River ton, 74. After a couple of weeks of pleasant summer weather we are now having a spell of the 'heat wave.' Last Saturday it 'warmed up' considerably, and it has kept so ever since. BUNDALEER, February 22. The annual Bundaleer social was held on February 16 in the woolshed, lent by the pro prietor, Mr. J. Maslin. About 400 persons were present and spent an enjoyable night. The large woolstore was tastefully decorated, and a long programme of dances was gone through by the young folks, whilst for others there were various games, and refreshments were provided, and the Messrs. W. Pengelly and A. J. Cousins acted as masters of ceremonies, and Messrs. Hearne (of Belalie), P. Casey and A. J. Kelly (of Booborowie), and J. Crowe acted as musicians. Great credit is due to the committee with Mr. W. J. Travers as secretary. MOOCKRA, February 21. Af ter one or two distressingly hot days we were visited by a cool southerly wind, which consequently is appreciated by everybody. Flies have been almost unbearable, especially to- day. Rain is badly wanted to give farmers a chance to bow their seed. SAINT'S STATION, February 21. The annual meeting of the Preston Cricket Club was held on Friday, February 11, and the president (Mr. E. Fisher) occupied the chair'. The annual report was read and adopted. Tbe secretary stated that the club had played 12 matches, won 9, lost 2, and drawn 1. T. Mutter headed the batting averages, while the ball presented by the president for lowest average fell to R. Hille brand. The following officers were elected for the ensuing year : — President, Mr. F. Fisher ; vice-presidents, Messrs.^ A. Manley, C. H. Souter, J. J. Johnson, jun.y.G. S. Kempe, W. T. S. Harris, J. C. James, _ and Richards ; captain, Mr. P. ' Kirkland ; vice-practice cap tain, Mr. T. Mutter ; secretary and treasurer, Mr. A. FiBher ; executive committee, Messrs. W. Farrell, W. Mutter, G. Angel, R. Hille brand, W. Kirkland, and A. Manley ; match committee, Messrs. W. Farrell, A. Manley, and R. Kirkland. HOLDER, February 17. A delightfully cool change has Bet in, and after the long spell of hot weather it is greatly appreciated. On February 9 25 points of rain fell, and we are anxiously awaiting further falls. The bush fires whioh have been raging for weeks past are now subsiding. The heat previous to the change on February 9 registered 107°, 108°, 110°, 109°, 111°, and 114* on different days. The river has been gradually rising and navigation has been resumed' by the light draught boats. We bear that the stream is falling fast again at Wentworth, and if so it is very unfortunate as we are handicapped in everyway. 'Produce which might be shipped has to remain at Holder. We also suffer through the irregularity of mail communica tion when the river is low. We are busy now clearing more land and preparing for the coming seeding season, and this with the other necessary work provides, plenty of employment. CALCA, February 16. The weather of late has been very ohange able. To-day we have experienced three changes ; it was hot in the morning, drizzly at noon, and cold and boisterous in the afternoon. Fanners have started ploughing and are hoping for a wet winter after so many dry ones. .»?? . The annual meeting of the Caloa Orioket Club was held last, Saturday, Twbeii the report and balance- sheet, were presented to the mem:-: won and lojit an even -number of games during the yeah 'The latter showid.a deficit of £3 5s.,'but in view of the improvements made to' the oval this was- considered very satisfactory. The following officers were elected for ensuing year :— President, Mr. A. B. Smith; vice presidents, Messrs. John A. Freeman, James Bowman, D., C. Drever, T. P. Cadi, and E. A. Roberts ; captain, Mr. -*. H. Ntewbold ; vice-captain, Mr. ft, G-. Freer; committee, Messrs. A. B. Smith, G. H. Newbold, R. G. Freer, H. B. Duncan, A. Freeman, and D. P. Thomas; hon. secretary, Mr. D. P. Thomas ;.hon. treasurer, Mr. James Bpwman. The annual examination of the public eohool was held last week, and the results were very satisfactory. The Wollomai arrived here from Port Ade laide last' Sunday night, and once again men had to beoome beasts of burden and carry the goods, about 26 tone, up the bank of tbe land ing. ELLISTON, February 17. After the recent intense beat a cool and welcome change was experienced, and every indication of rain was present, but only a few drops fell, much to the disappointment of the residents. Vegetables are scarce this season, but so far we have had plenty of fruit at a moderate price. The sand is gradually drifting' from the sandhills over the township, and in a few years it is feared that great trouble will be ex perienced in protecting the houses and build ings against the drifting material. RENMARK, February 19. Stemming and grading currants and buI tanas has commenoed at the packing ehed. Raisins, though picking began last week, have not come in yot A small quantity of dried peaches has been put up by the union of very good sample. The Murray, Darling, and tribu taries are rising now at every station, and good water is coming down. Up to 5 in. of rain has fallen in the neighborhood of Bourke and Wilcannia, and the same quantity at the head of the Murray, causing a rise at Albury of 3 ft. in two days. In two weeks or less the large steamers ought to be running, and navigation should continue open to the end of the year. The telegraph line which was burned down by the recent bush fires has been restored. Messrs, Mackenzie and OroBBley repaired it tempo rarily by putting up 500 or 600 mallee poles. New posts have now been put in every 200 yards, and the intermediate ones are to be re newed later. Every third pole is to be iron, so as to prevent interruptions in the future from bush fires. BURRA, February 22. The Lynch Family oT bellringers last night at the institute had one of the largest audiences seen in the Burra for a long period. Owner's have reported to the police that recently they have suffered loss by the poison ing of goats, dogs on the chain, and pigs in pens. Enquiries are now being made with a view of discovering the offenders. ORROROO, February 21. Mr. Sykes, superintendent of the Port Augusta waterworks, has come here for the purpose of initiating the work in connection with the Orroroo water scheme. The work will be started at once, but only a limited number of men will be employed for the pre sent. Local residents, with the exception of two experienced pipe- joiners, will be con sidered iirst in engaging labor.— The weather still continues hot, but to-day the sky is some what overcast, and there are indications of a change. STANSBURY, February 20. A public meeting was held in the Institute on Saturday to discuss the advisability Of having the jetty lengthened or a new one put down in deeper water. Mr. A. Anderson (chairman of the Farmers' Club) presided. An apology was received from Mr. W. Cop ley, M.P., regretting that he was unable to attend. Mr. J. Shannon, M.P., was present, and spoke in favor of having the jetty put in deep water. He would do what he could to get the work carried out. — We are having very heavy dews, which are almost equal to showers of rain, especially for the fruit crops. These are very good in aome parts, four peaches weighing one pound having been grown without irrigation. The crops have been very irregular, ranging from four bags down to one bushel per acre. The drilling with manures has been a great success on some of the land and almost a failure on other parts. — Messrs. E. Pitt & Son have erected three limekilns in the township and are doing a Rood trade, which is employing a number of hands. PORT AUGUSTA, February 21. The news that Mrs. Smith had died in Adelaide on Saturday morning last, as a result of a serious operation whioh she underwent only a few days previous, came as a great shook to her many friends, and deep sympathy is felt for Mr. Smith and the relatives. Mrs. Smith was one of the oldest residents of Port Augusta. QUEENSCLIFFE(K.I.), February 21. The weather is cold and cloudy and there is every appearance of rain, which is badly needed as nearly all of the dams are dry. Mr. C. Thompson has had to close his eucalyptus dis tillery owing to his dam being dry. Farmers are carting water long distances. The grass tree gum industry is again in full swing, and is finding employment for many hands but more are wanted. Owing to the bush fires the workers have to go further inland to gather the article, which means that it must soon rise in price, or else it will not pay to gather it. A parcel of 20 tons left here by the James Comrie to-day. TEROWIE, February 21. The new polioy which has been adopted by the Commissioner of Police in removing police officers who have been in a station a certain length of time is causing a change in Terowie, Mounted-Constable S. A. Davis, who is in charge of this station, having received notice that he is to be removed to Uraidla. He has been 16 years, in this district, and has dis charged his duties in an efficient and conscien tious manner. For some time, in addition to his police duties, he has been clerk of the Local Court and bailiff for the district. M.O. McCord, of Melrose, is coming to take charge of the Terowie Btation. PETERSBURG, February 19. The annual meeting of subscribers to the Petersburg A., H, and F. Society was held on Friday in the Town Hall, tbe president (Mr. R. Ooohrane) being in the chair. With a view of reducing the amount of interest at present paid on the bank overdraft it was . de cided to apply to the State Bank for a loan on the society's property. . The balance-sheet for the year showed that despite the very unfavor able season and a particularly disagreeable day for the show, there had been a clear gain for the 12 months of £31 13s. lOd. A long and heated discussion enBued on the advisability 'of letting the show 'ground to tbe athletid clubs. .Several speakers contended that the constant use of the ground out it up and prevented grass from growing, with the result that on show days the dust was sometimes ?unbearable, added to which the fencing was frequently damaged. Another seotion considered -the ground should be' let as hitherto,' and con sidered that the grounds .would be better looked after if ' this were the course/ Ulti mately it was deoided . to let :the grounds as, UBual. The Hon. A'. R. ' Addisbn was added to the list of patrons, Mr. R. Oochrane' was re-elected president, and Mr. James. Wilson secretary. Messrs. Morphett and Holland were elected auditors, and Mr. John Blunsden , was added to the-liBt oiN vice-presidents; ? Several additions were made ^ the committee. ?^&#j£ w&$A)jr£c0$m£ newly-formed ladies' : cycling olufr^ were appointed : — Captain, Mrs. Russell ; wee-captain, Mrs, G. Meadows ; secretary, Miss ' Clarke ; committee, Mesdames Healley and Knight, Misses McMahon and Brady, and captain, vice-captain, and secretary. BRENTWOOD, February 1ft . Last Saturday was a day to be remembered. A high wind, accompanied by a blindiner duBt storm, blew all day. I had occasion to go to Yorketown on business, and it was almost im possible for the horse to get along, A teachers' meeting was to have been held, but it was post-, poned, as, only three teachers put in an ap pearance. On Wednesday, February 16, the annual convention of the Women's Christian Tem perance Union was held in the local Wesleyan Chapel. There waa a very fair attendance, delegates being^ present from Yorketown, Minlaton, and Warooka. Miss George pre sided at the meetings held during the day, while Rev. J. Nairn, of Minlaton, took the chair in tke evening;. A substantial lunch and tea were provided , by the Brentwood ladies belonging to tne union. At the evening meeting the Revs. R. Wool cock and J. Nairn gave excellent speeches, congratulating the ladies on the work done and wishing them all success in the future. Miss George then addressed the meeting, and gav* a description of the diffioult work the ladies had to undertake in the city. She said the work was divided into 35 different depart ments, each one being presided over by some one wLo felt she could grapple with the peculiar difficulty concerned. Miss George explained her reason for coming to quiet secluded places like Brentwood, where we have no publio house to put temptation in the way of people, by saying that wherever there is a State school the union wiBhed to see a branch established, in order that the principles of temperance, might be so firmly impressed upon the minfls of the growing generation that they would be strong enough to resist temptation when thrown on their own resources in after life. During the evening Miss George presented a dozen silver teaspoons to Mrs. W. H. Ford, the retiring district secretary, on behalf of the members of the union of Southern Yorke's Peninsula. Mrs. Ford, who is leaving the Peninsula to settle in Adelaide, was con gratulated by Miss George upon the able way in which ehe had fulfilled her duties. Mrs. James Anderson then presented Mrs. Ford with a handsome glass bracket on behalf of the Brentwood branch of the union. Mrs. Ford responded and thanked the company, saying that she had been happy in doing any thing in her power to help on the interests of the union. She hoped to be of further use when she went to Adelaide. ,;A general vote of thanks closed the meeting. RIVERTON, February 14. The annual harvest festival was celebrated in Holy Trinity Church, Riverton, on Sunday, February 6. The chancel was decorated with the products of garden, field, and vineyard. The Rev. A. G. King, of St. Mary's, Burra, conducted tbe services, which were . well attended. On the same day the local Wes leyans held harvest thanksgiving services, when three sermons were preached by the minister of the circuit (Rev. J. Gillingham). The chapel was decorated for the occasion, and there was a good attendance at each service. The collections were in aid of the circuit funds. The annual harvest thanks giving picnic in connection . with the local Wesleyan Circuit was held on the grounds of Mr. William Harris, about two miles from here. The attendance was not quite bo large as last year on account of light showers of rain falling during the afternoon. Various games . were heartily entered into and refreshments were provided on the ground. The proceeds were in aid of the circuit funds. On Wednesday last a harvest festival service was celebrated in St. Paul's Anglican Church at Rhynie. The rural dean, Rev. Mr. Bussell, preached ; the Revs. C. S. Hornabrook, A. G. King, and the rector (Rev. F. EL Perrin) were present and assisted at the service. A good congregation was present. Wheat has been coming in freely. Some of the farmers are still holding for Better prices. The vintage has commenced, grape-picking being the order of the day. Large additions, with more machinery and a refrigerator, have beep added to the Wooroora cellars lately, giving employment to a number of men. Yesterday the local Bible Christians held their harvest thanksgiving services, the Rev. J. Pearce, of Auburn, being the preacher. The Lynch Family of Bellringers had a splendid house at the Institute Hall last evening, the audience being the largest that had ever congregated in the building. SUTHERLANDS, February 14. In the past history of this district the present summer has been unequalled for heat and smoke. Tbe flies, too, have been' at times almost unbearable. They have nearly eaten the very eyes from the heads of -some of our horses, and all have been very much tor mented by them. The consequence is that they are in a very poor condition. It has been no uncommon thing during the past few months to see horses going about with their heads in bran bags for a protection. We had a .cool change on February 8, when a little rain fell. Only 20 points were registered, but since then it has been nice and cool. We want a good fall of rain, bow ever, as nearly everyone has run out of water and is compelled to cart, which means a con siderable expense and loss of time. Luckily feed is more plentiful for stock this year. A large area will be put under~wheat crop next season. WILLOWIE SPRINGS, February 14. After the severe heat, which lasted for a considerable time, a delightfully cool change with rain setin last Wednesday. Rain fell heavily in places, bub it- does not appear to have been general. During the past eight or nine days the atmosphere has been darkened with a blue haze resembling smoke. QUEENSCLIFFE ( K.I.), February 14. r. The grass gum industry iB again in full swing, a lot of hands being employed gather ing the article. The great drawback is the long distance that it has to be carted. All of the trees near here have been trimmed off, and this means that the price must soon go up to make the industry payable to gatherers. ' VIRGINIA, February 14. The congregation of the Church of tbe Assumption of this plaoe had their new oreran formally opened on- Sunday ,y : February 13.i Miss Ryan presided at the instrument, and the choir, which was strengthened by some members from St. Augustine's' choir, Salis bury, sang special music. The cost of the organ was defrayed from the proceeds of the New Year's Day sports, and the instrument is of a class worthy of the beautiful church, with itB superb marble' altar, which was imported; from England at a cost of £150. Father O'Connor, -O. G.C., who has oharge of the Virginia mission, has worked zealously in the interest of his congregation in the matter, and the committee de»Srve thanks for. their enter prise in purchasing the. organ, which was much needed. A small harmonium bad done duty -for 30 years; The attendance was larger than usual.' The church and vestry had only recently been renovated, and the building is entirely free of debt . HAWKER, February 14. The drama . Santa Claus was staged in the looal Institute Hall 'last Friday evening by a number of local amateurs, ' under the direction ofu- the oompiler (Rev. J. H. Goss) arid was highlyi appreciated. Great pains had been taken iii reheftrsing^ and; muoh taste was; d played in ''WfiiwiryJv^j^i^T^ne^i't^^M^ w&B-v;«r£ meagre^ W Mounted-Constabte H. G. Queale, Tvho haa ^* 1 ?been in oharge of this station for 16 years' and 4 months, has been- transferred to Riverton, - ,J and he is to be succeeded by Seoior-Constable '\J Bushell. He leaves during the'Swt week in '*? March. During his stay in this district Mounted-Constable -QueaTe has won the r*'3 respect of everyone with whom he has done J in contact. OODLA WIRRA, February 10. The railway authorities have completed the - s- portion of the flux tramline within the station, yard, and material is arriving daily for the company's portion of the work. February 14. A orioket match, Oodla Wirra v. Putersburg, , was played on the ground of tbe latter club on Saturday, February 12, and resulted in an easy win for Oodla Wirra. Petersburg batted first, but owing to the Bplendid bowling of Stoneman, Crombie, and Wishart they were all disposed of for 88. Oodla Wirra succeeded in passing this score with three wickets down. The last wicket fell at 138. Oodla Wirra has now won two of the three matches played. The chief scores were— Oodla Wirra, Wisbart 37, Stone man ,30, Tiver 25, Crombie 13, Witty 15; Petersburg, Flight 18, Wyles, Adams, and McDougall 13 each. ANGAS PLAINS, February 16. The Rev. Thomas Macmillan, Presbyterian mission worker of Tanna, New Hebrides, visited us last night and gave an interesting account of the good work going on there. A large audience listened to his remarks and they were unanimous in wishing him success in the future. A young man named Clifford was thrown from a horse here yesterday and received rather serious injuries to his head. MOUNT BARKER, February 24. Last evening a meeting of the committee of the Agricultural Society was held in the insti tute to make final preparations for the annual show on March 10. Mr. L. von Doussa pre- j* sided. Most of the gentlemen asked to act as * judges accepted the position, while the secre tary reported that a bank holiday bad been declared, and that the special train service would be the same as last year. The tender of. Mr. C. A. Martin, of the Lady Daly Hotel, - Hindmarsh, for the publican's and luncheon booth was accepted at £37, while the work of covering the pavilion and erecting tables, &os;, was let to Messrs. G. & D. Milne for £11 10s. It was decided to accept the offer of Mr. Charles Hodder to provide a band of Bix per formers for £5 14s. A number of gentlemen were appointed to stage the exhibits and wait on the judges. Although the season has been so adverse it is believed that the forthcoming 1 show will be a good one. A most successful fair was held by the local Berean Band in the Baptist Church grounds on Wednesday afternoon and evening. Well stocked and prettily-decorated stalls of useful and fancy articles, produce, lollies, &c.;, were set out in a large marquee, good business being done at each, while refreshments were supplied in the schoolroom. In the evening the grounds were brightly illuminated, and music and other attractions were provided. The stalls were in charge of the following, who were quaintly attired in Hindoo costumes: — Lolly —Misses Winnie and Lily Steward, M. Fiddler, and G. Prisk. Plain goods— Misses E. Prisk, Bennett, and C. Barker. Fancy goods — Misses L. Prisk, L. Raison, D- „. Steward, and W. Dainty. Produce— Misses E. Chapman and Woodland. Flowers — Misses A. Bennett and M. Woodland. Refreshments —Misses Salman, A. Follett, and Howard, ? and Messrs. Morris and R. Barker. A sub stantial sum was netted to forward to India. Great interest was taken in the cricket match on Dunn Park on Saturday between the local and Lobethal clubs, the two strongest teams iu the south. Contrary to expectations, the game was most one-sided, the Mounts winning by 223 runs for six wickets to 66. W, Hutchings (17) and Moore (16) were the onW Lobethal men to make anything like a stand. For the home teain Ninham scored 129 not out by vigorous cricket— his fourth century this season, which brings his average up to 92— Leaney and Watson 17 eaoh, Taylor 16, Dye 15, and Atkinson 10 not out. Ninham bowled five wickets for 29, and G. Milne four for 33. PORT PIRIE, February 24. After a fairly cool spell old Sol has resumed his too ardent attentions. Every day since : Saturday has gone over 100°, namely, Satur- . ' day 102 , Sunday 105°, Monday 102°, Tuesday * - 105°, and Wednesday 106°. The Salvation Army harvest festival, with ?'?: an appropriate character procession, was held on Tuesday evening and passed off most sue ' ?- cessfully. A 'very enjoyable river excursion ir, aid of ? = the funds of St. Barnabas' Church, Solomon- -- town, came off on Tuesday night, when the steamer Adelaide conveyed 300 passengers to Germein and the anchorage and back. At the Police Court yesterday an uncon trollable child, Arthur William Thompson, 13 years of age, was, at the request of his ~ mother, committed to the Industrial School at Magill till he attains the age of 18. The oricket contests were continued yester day. The Proprietary (130) defeated the Early Closers (56) by 74 runs, Budd and Gal laghan bowling well for the victors. At the conclusion of the match the same clubs started their third round. The Closers knooked up ' . 97 (Goss 31, Martin 18, Scorcher 17, and Ball 10 not out) against Probrietarys two for 55 (Weekes 34 not out, Ogilvy 11). Budd . „ two for 9, Ogilvy four for 28, and Sandpry two for 19 trundled well for the Sil verites, as did Simpson, two for 39, for the .Closers. * BURRA, February 23. A drawing-room entertainment was hel# this evening in the Wesleyan lecture-hall %k ^ v, aid of the circuit fund. Tne attendance ivjpr ' ^ not so good as the excellence of the programme deserved. * The performers were Mr. and Mrs. Winnall, Mr and Miss Mc&loney;(2), . j Misses Pearce (3), Miss Simpson, Mr. Tiddy; *--' and Mr. Fuss, who contributed two recita- p'v tions. The Executive Council has gazetted Mr. John Cyrus Haslam, late mayor of Port Pjrie, ~, ~ ^ as a justice of the peace. The Chief Secretary has taken over the duties of Commissioner of Crown Lands during ; ?„ Mr. O'Loughlin'B absence in the north witn '^ °i the Pastoral Commission. *' The first general meeting of shareholders of % ^ the South Australian Fruit and Vegetable - - Company was held at the Stag Inn on Wednea* , day, February 23, for the purpose of electing ' . r1 directors and an auditor for the ensuing year. ^ There were about 70 shareholders present. , ''- Mr. William Todd, .who oooupied the chair, * ;' after explaining the objects of the meeting, , Baid the majority of gardeners recognised that j' ???&?* better arrangements for the disposal of their '^'^4^ produce were greatly needed in Adelaide, and ^-r-?lEH| now that they .?had got a company started, - s-^aa wita over 250 of the leading ;; gardeners ^^H as shareholders,. ; he; hoped -'they would -|glii§ the auocesa it deabrved; to ;be.- :-Ofce of Wv~ ^Wk wasto^leW^e^aprrabtabal^ttfS ??«*-''J '-'^3 tbra. ' -'SflvaraV rdue1sWons''swerei;:ftsKea ana 5^ After whion^e^^SSeorgeyMonkiO. B. y-*Sr| BL'op7G.Sttm^^M^a Charles ^M ^k^ wele :ele6telii^tors,^ndMr.. John F. „., J II 