Terrible : BurituJ-'Aedeldenf A SYDNEY MAN FALLS ON A HOT STEAM-PIPEJI.-A BATH.,: HIS FLESH. ADHERED -TO THE PIPE LIKE A STEAK- TO :. A -FRYINGPAN. - AN AWFUL SIGHT.. While in a bath in :Pitt-street,- a. Mr. Jarvis had the misfortune to slip and fall on the hot, water .pipes, and before he could he rescued he was scalded and burned in a terrible way. The shock of the burning and the fall proved to, be very' disastrous for Mr. Jarvii, and for a number of years after he was a confirmed invalid, suf fering terribly from lbcomotor ataxia and other forms of paralysis. A few months ago, however, reports began to be circulated in the- neighborhood that Mr. Jarvis was getting round again, and that he had had - a most marvellous recovery from, this pj par ently incurable malady. It was on account of these rumors thataspecial reporter from the Sydney, W}orker was desipatched to get all information ]regard.ilsntnie, ,and ? npftYerjioon he made his way to his' holui, 45 Crowni lane, Ultimo...iMr Thoii;6. Jarvis was discovered nursing- aR two-year-old 'baby, anid:.His face declared'him- one of thl iappiest mertin Sji ney. fBe was up-and about, and able to answer the.-. knock at the door. Although pale and !iaring still. -a ::few marks of a criticial illness and a "period of pain, it: was fiery clear thlat he was an invalid no more, In reply to the preliminary quistions he said :- -iYoi pwlant to know all about my case I Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you." The facts may he of value to- those,. who 'are istricken as .I was. "'How "loig were you suffering ' "Well twelve months ago I. got so b,ad :that I had to. leave :off work, arid I havmi done "nothiig . since then. About tive years ago next Christmas I niit with an accident: I was badly scalded while, taking a- .ath, ins Pitt street, Sydney. Since. tie, accident .I have been in failing- health, and -after four years of gradual- deelopuienit of the malady, I aii forcdi to give up my, billet at the Glebe Islandl'. - i . W1Wato were. tieympton1 ... "Simply indiscribablie. The pains fwere:'godiething", terlrilble' They were just about as much as I could hear. They were for all the world like as if a .aw were cutting my :hbodes ,ii two in e:qery part of me. I . had :no': control over my bowels or bladder, iand was a nisance to myiself anl ieveryone else. I was incessalitly shivering and shaking and &ould;' neither eat nor sleep. On she- 23rd. March last 'I saw a well knowfi doctor,'and he told theo that my case was:' ttetlv hopeless. - However, he gave nie an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions." " Did you make use of the order I" "No; I.:cmaine iome and went to ,*led,.rind have. :Ieen' pretty..well: in hed ever sintie. :Five weeks ago Il could not walk -across the floor; in fact, i,?ould. not get out of ltd. 'I felt then that-it was all over-with me, and onlya iquestion of 'diiys when I would give up my ghost... My doctor was attending" me, acid. did 'all he could, by opiuni and morphia pills,' to ease the pain 'I was in. I was under him for five or six w,:eks. 'He caine to the crnclusion that II was suffering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive locomnotor ataxy, a disease of. the. spinalchord, characterized by peculiar disturbances - of gait, and ditficulty in: 'o-ordinating. yoluntary Sovements. isH told -ime bhit I mnight last for ten 'years,' and:'that I might never get'th ;use of my legs. (Just then the patieit kicked his legs about with energy to' show that medical cipinion is not infallibhl). Well, just as a-drowning mnan will. grasp at a straw, I grasped. at' an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure effected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the Alluisralian . orkman, by D~r. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. ,I read - in -the-: advertisement ;'of a case which seemed to .fit mny ow'n. I, determined to give the pills a'trial anyway, and sent: for a box. The effect was ats marvellous as. it - was inagical. I was able to eat.and sleepi as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first apliitite an' "rest I lad for many a day. It was incredibla. I. Tmmediately, left the hed and was able to' move about. You see those orutches theret They are new, and I have never used them.: They we.re made for m bIefore -I got 'Dr. Willianas' Pink -Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I dont want them." "RHe is'100 per cent, better," said Mrs. Javis, who, had: come in- and taken the babyj on. her knees. " The Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale: People have saved his life, and made another man of him." "I can now," conotinued Jarvia, have a cold hath, and all the feeling has come back into my legs. I ascribe all the chan?eynd benefit to Dr, Williams Pink'Pills. They ha.ve saved my life. I am in no ain now6 -ihatever, and feel like: a:er mih.,?n f iir thi-antle piece therd is a box:Of oprum and mor phia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciatingpaip. But they can'stay where lhey are, for I no longer need themi.- Everybody who iknows- me has been amazed' ht the ichange in me. -They can hardly be lieve their ieye's. .My bei:g aiibont again has caused quite a sensation out *here." " Such is this remarkable history, and it confirms what is :said ins all 'the chief niwspapers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cuire locomotor staxy partial paralysis and spinal disease, also"the many disorders which arise from an impovished state of the blood such as anaemia, pale and sallow com plexion general muscular weakness, indigestion loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains -in the back, nervous headache, etc. Mr. J. S. T. M'Gowan, leader of the Labor Party in N. S. W. Legislative Assembly, was seen by our reporter in connection with-the remarkable case of Thomas Jarvis. Mr. M'Gowan says he knows Jarvis from infancy. iHe also knew that he had togive tip his work at Globe Island abaitoirs twelve months ago owing to a malady which he deve loped. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was, bed riddeb and that there was little chaince of hi, rrte?vwery. lie understnod .Jaryi wHi. refunred adnmi.: sign;t.S, rney+ -i- onpalei, ah.C .eaise had hecn1 promlounircd:: incurable.. Mr. 1M'Gowan was, therefore, .lik'oeveryone else who knew the.fat.a, astounded at the complete reco vry of Jarvis: These wonder'fl pills are obtainable from leading chemists, or from Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., Flihndersstieet Melbourne, who will forward, post paid, on receipt of astumps or post order, one box for 2s . 9d., or 'half "a dozen for 16s. 3d. See that the genuine Dr. Williams' are gotten. 