the voyage of the . "pubo way." By Carlton- Dawe. Published by special arrangement vrith 0 Messrs Ward Lock Sp Co,, Ltd, all rights reserved. CHAPTER VII. PIRACr OX THE HIGH SEAS.-' I will not pretend that I slept well that night. Indeed, for quite two hours after turning in 1 scarcely attempted to close my eyes, and when I did I saw things which made me hastily open them again. a dozen times I thought I heard Romo one twisting the handle of my door, and quite as often my imagination enabled me to see the swarthy, swollen face of Gupp flattened against the port. In fact, so many alarms did 1 pass through, that when I awoke and saw the sun shining 1 was surprised to find myself alive. Breakfast, of which I partook but sparingly, was spread for me as usual. But I had little inclination to eat. I was more anxious to get up on deck and have a look round. There was no one about the after-part of the vessel, so, lighting my pipe, I leant against the rail and watched the land, which did not seem to be more than two or three miles off. Indeed, I wondered much at our position, for according to the current wo should long since havo been out of sight. I thought of the Portugee and his engines ; also of my dreams. But presently there was great commo tion forward. The captain and the mate Eprang to the starboard corner of the bridge, their glasses to their eyes. A moment or two of expectancy followed, and then 1 heard the mate cry out at the top of his great, gruff voice — " Forward there ! All hands forward 1 " Then the bo'sun blew his whistle, there was a rushing too and fro, and 'half-a- dozen men sprang upon the fo'c'sle. Gupp followed, swearing and giving directions, and 1 saw the meD cover the gun with a great square of canvas, the ends of which - were fastened carefully to the deck. Then, much to my surprise, I heard the clank of the engines, and for about half a minute we forged steadily ahead. Then there was silence again, as the ship gradually, slowed ' down and stopped. Needless to say 1 understood my dreams at last. During this little manoeuvre the captain had hardly lowered his- glasses, and though at first I could make out nothing, gradually a little dark cloud began to form npon the eastern horizon. At first it wa3 so thin and indistinct that I should not have noticed it if left to myself ; but as I watched it perceptibly assumed a deeper shade and stretched further across the heavens. Like a long wisp of cloud it seemed, a thing that had no business in the perfectly clear sky, and as 1 watched I knew what it meant. It wa3 a cloud, truly, but a cloud of 'smoke cast up by some steamer which was not yet in sight-. The men all crowded to the starboard side and turned anxiously to the far horizon , even the Portugee Luiz crawled up from his reeking -engine- room, and hung his ugly, dirty face over the side. I darted below for my glasses, and while there I slipped a small box of cartridges into my pocket. When I reached the deck again the topmasts of the steamer were distinctly visibl ... I filled my pipe and tried patiently to await the development of events ; but though I may have preserved an outward appearance of calm, inwardly I was throbbing with excitement. Each minute that passed seemed multiplied by ten, and when at length the hull of the advancing vessel began to loom up, and I saw that she was coming towards us, I felt as though the fate of the whole world was hanging on the issue. Presently Hayling came aft, a bundle of flags under his arm, and as he began to knot them to the signalling halliards I crossed over to him. The big fellow looked exceedingly solemn; I felt so. As he nodded to me there was never the ghost of a smile on his hard face. " What are you going to do, Hayling ? " "Signal to that vessel that we are badly in need of help." I advanced still closer to him. " What does this mean, old fellow ? " 44 Can't you guess ? " said he, still buBy with the flags. " I dare net." He laughed between his teeth. "My dear Ravensford, we're going to atop that ship, and sink her, too, if she gives any trouble." " Piracy ! " " That s about it." Again he laughed, and I thought his fate looked fiendish. " What ship is it ? " I asked. " I haven't the faintest notion, but I think you will find that she is bound from Sydney to Hong Kong.'' J' Tho Chung-Tong left Sydney on the 2oth of last month with fifty thousand pounds in gold on hoard." " How do yuu kDow 1 " said he sharply. In a3 few words as possible I told him how 1 had become possessed of the in formation. "Then depend upon it, Ravensford, that vessel is the Chung-Tong." By this time he had arranged the flags correctly, and just as he was hoisting fiiem the captain, Murrell, and half a- dozen men came aft in a body. Hayling did not look at me, but under his breath 1 heard him mutter, " Be careful. They wo ripe for anything." I slipped my hands into my coat pockets and assumed D1y best air of indifference. In one of the pockets was a revolver, and my finger instantly curled round the trigger. The men stood back by the bulwarks, here they formed an evil-looking group of cut-throats ; Macsliiel and tho mate advanced. Looking up at the flags, then at the tar-oft ship, which every minute loomed op clearer, the skipper said, " You see that ship?" Yes," I replied. „ Pan yu guess her name ? " The Chung-Tong," said' I, somewhat defiantly. " Good 1 " and his devilish little face seemed to wrinkle with pleasure. 44 Per- fro13 f "U an a'so Sueaa where she comes || Sydney." ii 4? what she carries ? " i 1( jtty thousand pounds in gold." i ii „here ?s she bound for 1 " 1 Hong ELotiw " yo\>> II Where then?" -the next world ! " I started, taken clean off my guard. | ®an's face suddenly grew wrinkled hideous, like a monkey's, and he passionately to spit the words out. dhope not," said I. Well," he replied, 44 it's a pity,_ of , rae J but before she goes we are going wiin. t leave her gold behind. It " at f0 U8e 'n the port Bhe's bound for." " v '" Sinned the mate. tho , e. whatever," said 1," replying to reo.04 Lai11, t think yours is a perfectly riwonable requeat„ Ialioi, ,Pe soi" said he, with a nasty said J, hoping in a vague sort of .way that the time gained might prove beneficial. We intend to get hold of that fifty thousand. It ought to Bet us up for life." " How-many of you ? " His browB went together; and he .scowled frightfully, I hadspoken rather loudly. - 44 There is enough for all;", said- he, in a low,- meaning voice. 4 4 Bat-suppose her captain refuses to part?" 44 We shall make him." " 44 How?" "We have a gun forward, and our third mate, Mr Gupp, was once a gunner in the Royal Navy." 44 Then you will sink her unless she surrenders ? " 44 Precisely." 44 It's a desperate enterprise, Captain Maoahiel." He grinned hideously, while the mate and the men began to show signs of im patience. Evidently they thought enough had beeu said. It was time to act. The captain, advancing a step nearer, peered into my face. 44 Will you join us ?" 44 But this is piracy." 44 Never mind what it is," said he. 44 Will you join us ? 44 No, I will not." 44 Then you understand that we have no room for traitors aboard ? " The faces of those before me grew black and threatening, and I really believed a rush was imminent. I covered Macshiel with my concealed pistol, and J felt sure that I could put a bullet some where through his body. He saw the movement, and, guessing -what it meant, stepped .back, a livid twitch of terror shooting down his cadaverous jaws. And; truly, at that moment -ho was bound for the Bame port as tho Chung-Tong. An angry look swept into his eyes, and he said, with a horrid grin — 41 What have you got your hands in your pockets for ? " 44 To keep them warm." 44 Then up with them. I'm the master here." 44 Captain Macshiel," I said, 44 1 have no quarrel with you —I have no wish to quarrel with you. I candidly admit that 1 am not a fighting-man, nor has fighting ever come my way before ; but I'll do my best to injure the man who tries to injure me." It was a bit of bounce, and yet not altogether -bounce. I knew the men were desperate, and they would not hesitate to sacrifice rue if I endeavoured to thwart them. The alternative was therefore given me— and yet what an alternative ! To join them, even against my will, would be to make me equally guilty in the eyes ot the law. Not to join them meant that there was no room for me aboard the Pulo Way. Therefore the bounce was not all bounce ; there was, a deadly seriousness underlying it as befitted such an occasion, which 1 think Macshiel was quick to see. Or perhaps the knowledge that between him and a bullet there was only the lining of my coat may have quickened Mb perception. "Nobody wants to injure you," said ho, with a conciliatory grin. 44 What the deuce do you take us for? Though driven desperate we aro not wholly without reason. We have cried for justice, but justice is deaf as well as blind. 1 don't want to prate or preach ; but I can tell you that we are just sick of things, and that now we mean to live — to live, if it's only for a month !" So thi3 was a new phase of Captain Macshiel's character. But his sophistries fell on unsympathetic ears. 44 To live for a month is good. And after 1" He laughed harshly. 4 4 To live still; for we intend to render detection im possible. It's as good as five thousand pounds in your pocket. What do you say ?" 44 1 have said." 44 Very well ; " and this time he smiled very wickedly 44 We'll make you one of. us in spite of you. Now, lads," cried he, turning to the men, "to quarters. In half-an-hour we shall "all he rich men." He waved his hand and drove them for ward, while I slunk- away aft, a prey to the most distressing emotions. The ship — a long, low, one-funnel boat with. a projecting bow — same sweeping up grandly out of the ocean. For some time now she had seen us, and when she was near enough to read our signal her helm wa3 put over and she bore straight down upon us. Poor beggars 1 Eager to help, how they would have shunned us had they only known ! On she came, straight for us, like an animal ready to spring over the white hedge of foam which tor ever seemed to block her way. The red ensign went up, and presently she signalled, 44 Can I be of any assistance?" The mate here came rushing aft, and ran up tho pennant 41 Yes" There followed an immediate bustle aboard the liner, and I saw some men spring to the davits on the port side and begin to clear the falls. Then the wash before her bows subsided, and 1 know that the engines had stopped. Through my glasses I could see distinctly the officers on the bridge and several persons leaning over the rail aft. /la soon as she was near enough for me to distinguish her name, which was written in big brass letters upon her bows, I read the words Chung-Tong. I admit tho singularity of it all deeply impressed me, and I knew not at which 1 wondered most, man's ingenuity or hi3 perfidy. The electric wire had told the peopM in China that tho Chung Tong had left Sydney with fifty thousand pounds on board. The next day the newspapers had printed it ; a man had read the paragraph ; it awoke an idea, and the idea had been duly executed. And now here was this very vessel coming up out of the sea to her destruction. She stopped less than a quarter of a mile off, and the people on her deck were plainly visible to the naked eye. With glasses I could even distinguish the uni form of the officers, while to my dismay I saw some women among the people aft. But now the boat of which I have spoken was lowered from the liner ; four or five men slipped down the falls, and presently the little craft shot out from the bier one and came towards us. In the stern sat an officer ; in the bows knelt a man with a boathook, while four more The sea being smooth, the little boat skipped gallantly across the water, and presently she was brought to1 a few yards Sway from us, and just opposite the bridge upon wMch the captain stood. 44 What ship is this ?" I heard the young officer ask, who vainly scrutinised our bows for the name, which had been painted out Borne three or four days Pr»/xhe5olden Guinea," shouted Mac shiel, 44 from Shanghai to the Torres Straits. What are you? tt„„„ The Chung-Tong — Sydney to Kong. What can we do for you I 44 I'll tell you," said the old man, lean- ihg out far over the rail. " We intend to do a little trading among the islands but being a bit short of cash, we fought you wouldn't object to lending us a little. _ « Eh ?" said the yomng fellow, lookin0 fifty thousand pounds on board. You MoJrt too w.ofe."' M"": Ih» was evidently the last request he had ex pected. 44 Why, confound you," he said, 44 you must be mad !" 44 So mad," said Macshiel, grimly, 44 that if you don't hand it Over 111 sink you." 44 Very well," was the reply ; 44 I'll report." 44 I'll give your captain five minutes to decide from the time you reach the deck. If the pennant ' Yes ' doesn't go up, then I'll open fire. And no hanky-panky, mind. This is going to be a big job." Without more ado the young fellow put about and made straight for his ship, while Gupp uncovered the cannon forward and took his place .beside it. For the first time I felt the excitement of battle in my blood. It would be an ignoble battle, no doubt ; but I fancied there would be some desperate work done. _ 1 saw the young officer swarm up the side of tho liner and immediately make his way forward to the bridge, where the captain still stood. Then I turned to Macshiel, who, after looking at his watch, went and rang the engineer to stand by. Things were hurrying ' to a climax. I knew the men of the Pulo Way were des perate and resolved ; I knew they would havo the gold or such revenge as it was possible for them to take. The question was, could tho Chung-Tong resist us with any hope of success ? Eagerly I watched the little group on her bridge, and presently the captain be gan to gesticulate wildly. Then 1 saw him point to the engine-room telegraph, and a few seconds after the water began to bubble round her stern. Captain Macshiel immediately flew to our tele graph, and then came the low throb, throb of our engines. 44 Wing him, Gupp !" I heard the skipper shout. 44 The beggar's going to try to give us the slip." It so happoned that at that moment an awkward augle prevented Mr Gupp from getting the gun into play, and when at length he did the Chung-Tong was stern on and steaming like mad. I knew by report that she was a good two or three knots faster than we were, and if she could only keep us off for something like half an hour she might defy the Pulo Way.. But the gunner lost no time. Settling . about hi3 business in tho most approved manner, the boom of the gun told me that the fight had begun. The shot however flew high of the mark and splashed into sea some distance ahead. Gupp laughed uproariously as he loaded again, and I could see the very devil of mischief frolicking over his big face.- There wa3 but a short interval between the first and the second shot. A puff of smoke, a sharp crack forward as of the atmosphere suddenly exploding, and then all eyes flew to tho liner. Almost at the same moment the rail about her port quarter' was seen flying about in all direc tions. The captain kicked up his heels with delight and yelled out, " Bravo, Gupp ! Give it to hirn again 1" Gupp, who I no longer doubted had learnt his gunnery at the expense of the nation, waved his hand as he sent forth a big laugh. Absorbed in his work, I don't believe he gave a moment's reflection to the horror of his act. He was an enthu siast' with only one thought— to make the beBt play possible with his gun. The third shot, from the gunner's point of view, was even better than the second. It struck tho high- skylight of the poop, and, exploding with a horrid noise, sent the splinters flying in all directions. The fourth missed ; but the fifth shattered a boat that swung on the port davits, and destroyed the raizzen shrouds. This last shot must have proved con clusively to the captain of the liner that in the gunner of the Pulo Way he had a dangerous man to deal with, so without more ado he hoisted the signal of sur render and stopped hi3 engines. We passed very close to him — so close that Captain Macshiel leant over the rail of the bridge and bellowed, 44 Get the stuff ready. I'll send a boat alongside in -a minute." We came- to about three hundred yards away, always manoeuvring so as to keep our bow on. Then some of the men rushed aft so as to lower the starboard boat, which piece of work Hayling super intended. 1 tried to catch his eye, for very obvious reasons, but never once did he turn my way. It seemed as though he purposely wished to avoid me. Presently the mate came along, and as his eye3 caught mine I saw that his face was ail aglow with a quiet, devilish sort of delight. 44 Now, then, bustle along, you there ! " he cried. 44 Get ready to go in the boat, and make yourself useful." 44 You seem to forget that I am a pas senger." 44 We have no passengers aboard the Pulo Way," he auswered significantly. 14 You are either for us or against us — which is it ? ' 44 1 prefer to remain neutral." 44 There can be no neutrality," he blustered. 44 Into that boat you go, or " 44 Or what ?" He grinned consumedly. It was a joke in ten thousand. 44 Don't you be so bally obstinate," he said. 44 For some reason best known to himself, the old man seems bent upon making a pet of you. But we mean business this time, and you may take my word for it the old man is not the most patient soul afloat." It was a close corner, and one out of which I failed to see my way. I looked at the liner yonder, the men about me — the one was as helpless as I, the other ready for anything. J ust then I caught a look in Hayling's eye which somewhat reassured me. 44 Very well," I said, 44 1 will go, but under protest." " Oh, that's all right," he replied, with a disagreeable laugh. 44 I'll duly enter it in the log." By this time the boat was lowered and swinging clear of the ship, and at a sign from the mate, I sprang upon the rail, seized one of the ropes, and slid down into her. Hayling made room tor me beside him in the stern. Half-a-dozen men scrambled down, and we pushed off. Before us- lay the liner, a great black mass of iron, her side crowded with an eager throng. Hayling kept a stiff upper lip! and stared coldly ahead of him ; but it seemed to me as though each eye looked unutterable scorn, while each tongue framed the horrid word 44 Thief ! thief 1" CHAPTER VIII. 5P1IE LAST OF THE LINER Hayling and I sat together in the stern, he grimly mute, I bursting with surmise. His right hand grasped the tiller, and he fixed his keen eyes steadily ahead. The man who rowed stroke, our bo'sun, or Number One, a big, gaunt specimen of the northern Chinaman, grinned mean ingly at me from time to time. An impertinent grin it was, and one that I might haAe resented in another place. But, guessing the fellow's thoughts, and why he had been sent with us, I kept my temper. As I turned to look at our ship, I whispered to Hayling— 44 You are not one of them f 44 In the way that you are," he replied, without looking. 44 Can't we board this vessel ?" He shook his head, 44 Impossible. She would be sunk in ten minutes." . I felt that this was true, and thought some unkind things of Mr Gupp. Our bo'sun grinned unpleasantly, as though he understood. I was not then aware of the concealed weapons on the men, nor did I imagine that at our first attempt to fly those weapons would have been used against us. About a dozen yards from the Chung- Tong Hayling called to the men to stop, and then, standing up in the boat, he salutedthe captain, a middle-aged, brown- bearded man, with a fat, choleric face. 4You have fifty thonsand pounds on board ?" be cried brusquely. 44 Well ?" answered the captain, whose rage was so great that he could scarcely control himself. 44 1 am very sorry, sir," said Hayling, 4 4 but my orders are imperative. You must hand it over." 44 And if I refuse ?" 44 We shall probably send you to the bottom." Tho man's face grew absolutely purple and he clutched the rail convulsively. A very torrent of passion raged within him. 44 And if I hand you over tho money ?" 44 You will be at liberty to proceed on your voyage." He turned to the little group which surrounded him, though he especially addressed his remarks to a distinguished looking, grey-headed man who seemed to be a passenger of consequence. For a few moments several excited voices were heard, and then the captain turned to us. . " I accept your terms," he bellowod ; 44 but if it wasn't for my passengers I'd see you hanged first !" Hayling saluted, replying coldly, 44 When you've got the boxes up I'll come alongside to receive them." Much bustling and excitement followed particularly among the passengers aft. There were several of these, among whom I noticed a woman, a young girl of about twenty, whose fair hair shone brilliantly in the sunlight, and whose face, notwithstanding its eager, terrified expression, was one of singular sweet ness. The aforementioned distin guished-looking old gentleman came ait and spoke to her, and tried to lead her below ; but she shook her head without turning, fixing U3 with such a look of horror that 1 could have jumped over board for shame. "Confound that girl !" muttered Hay ling. 44 Why doesn't she go below ?" 1 couldn't Bay, but I sympathised with our worthy second mate. Presently a man came to the side and waved for us to approach, and in Mm I recognised the young officer who had come off to the P ulo Way. A3 wo drew near almost under where the young girl stood, and though I knew what I might expect, 1 could not help looking. Neither could Hayling.' Yet one quick'glance was quite enough. I think there were not at that moment two more contemptible men on the high seas than Hayling and I. I looked at him, but his lips had gone close together, and hi3 face had grown grimly repellant. Wo came alongside just where the officer stood, and quickly the first box, securely slung in a net, was lowered to us. 4! There ought to be ten of these boxes," said Hayling, in Ms roughest, gruffest voice. 44 Quite right," said the officer, looking hard at my companion. Hayling dropped his eyes ; but the other, leaning further over, said in an altered tone — a tone not unmixed with curiosity— . 44 1 say." 44 Well ?" said Hayling, without looking up. 44 Did you ever know a follow called Frank Hayling ?" 44 No, was the abrupt reply. But the face of the second mate grew harder than over. 44 You wouldn't. He was an honest man." - An ominous cloud darkened my com panion's face, but beyond a quick dilating of tho nostrils he gave no other sign of being stung by tho taunt. Yet why had he refused to admit to his identity ? Equivocal as was his position, it was none of his choosing. Against it he might have struggled in vain. But in the meantime tho specie had been passed over the side until tho whole ten boxes lay at our feet ; then, without more ado, the men got out their oars, and amid the jeers and execrations of those aboard the Australian liner we put about for our ship. 44 1 suppose I can go now?" yelled the captain. 44 Not until we signal you permission," said HayliDg. As I looked up I encountered a row of angry faces ; but my eye3 only rested on one the white, scared face aft, with its nimbus of golden hair. As we rowed back to tho Palo Way my companion turned to me. 44 What a strange little world this is 1 That fellow who spoke to me was once a shipmate of mine." 44 Then why did you deny your iden tity ?" 44 Gussedness, I suppose— or some scruple as to etting my friends know that I havo turned pirate " 44 All the same, it's a pity we didn't try to get aboard." 44 There would then have been no hope for the Chung-Tong. Look ahead." On the fo c's'le-head stood Mr Gupp beside his gun, tho gun itself trained upon the unfortunate liner.. I saw and understood ; bat all tho same I deeply regretted having to return to the Pulo Way. 44 Did you seo that girl aft ?" I asked. 44 See her!" he echoed. 44 1 don't think I shall ever forget her scared, white face, her look of utter abhorrence. What unmitigated scoundrels she must think us!" What unmitigated scoundrels we are! But she was very lovely." 44 Too lovely to go to the bottom," said he. 44 What do you mean ? " 44 If I hadn't seen her I should have tried to get aboard the Chung-Tong." I followed the drift of his thoughts, and wMle I duly admired the self- sacrifice I could not help thinking Mm over-scrupu lous. Once on board tho Chung-Tong we might have got away, or offered such resistance as would have given Captain Macshiel- a distate for piracy of the more adventurous order ; but once back aboard the Pulo Way we would be entirely at the mercy of a crew of successful des peradoes. Well, it was too late now. The chance, if chance it were, had gone, and we had to face the future with what cheerfulness we could command. A few strokes brought U3 alongside the old packet, and in an incredibly short space of time the specie was transferred from our boat to the deck. As soon as all was clear I clambered up the side, and there upon the deck I beheld the carpenter hard at work upon one of the boxes with a chisel and a hammer. In less than a minute he bad the iron binding off, the end open, and the sovereigns, neatly' packed, were exposed tq view. The mate, who had been superintend ing this interesting performance, imme diately turned to the captain, who was still on the bridge, and shouted ont, fi All right, sir 1" The old man waved his hand, and even at that distance 1 saw the horrid grin that spread itself over his ugly face. Then the mate had the box fastened up again and the whole of the plunder carried below. By this time the boat had been hauled up, to which piece of work I lent a hand. Indeed, willy-nilly, I seemed to be doing my best to further my apprenticeship to tho piratical trade. There was grim old Hayling laying on to the rope with all his might, and so, perforce, 1 laid on too, without much thinking ; though it might not have been so hard to gueBS the reason of tho apparent acquiescence of the big Australian. But on once more turning to take another peep at the Chung-Tong I was somewhat astonished to see how close we were drawing ; for now that we had plun dered the ship there was no necessity to kis3 before saying gocd-bye. Being en tirely unprepared for what was about to follow, I was beginning to feel a little curious as to the meaning of the move ment, when the gun forward rang out. At first the full significance of the act did not appear obvious, but when it was followed by the utmost consternation aboard the liner, I realised in full the horror of it all. Nor did it need the second shot, which quickly followed the. first, to convince me of the fiendish in tention of Macshiel. I saw the shell ex plode low down by the side of the Chnng- Tong, and by the way her officers crowded to that particular portion of the bulwarks and looked anxiously over, I knew that she had been badly hit. Turning, I saw Hayling beside me. White wrath showed up through his dark skin ; there was a nasty glitter in his eyes. Yet his voice was calm and icily cold when he Bpoke. 44 This is aprotty business, Ravensford." 41 They mean to sink her ? " "Undoubteely"." 44 But, Hayling, might we not protest ?'.' 44 We might ; but it wouldn't be of the slightest use. They must 3ink tho Chung- Tong if they hope to escape detection. Who, then, is to know how she went down ? Indeed, from their point of view, it is the only thing they can do. Pro testing is useless. There are quite fifteen men forward, all fully armed." 4' But, good heavens, we can't stand by and see this done 1 " 44 We must— unless we want to go down with her. Much better live in the hope of bringing theso scoundrels to book. See, she's under way at last," and he pointed> to the bubbling water just under her counter ; 44 but too late, 1 fear — too late." Too late indeed, for just then another shot rang out, and we knew then that the helpless vessel had again been badly hit.' Hayling's indifference suddenly gave way to a fierce outburst of paesion. He ground his teeth and shook his huge fist in the direction of Mr Gupp. "Confound that fellow!" lie hissed; I'll bo even with him yet." He turned from me and searched intently every point of the horizon. .But coming back again he shook his head. 44 Nothing in sight, old man. It's all up with the Chung- Tong." (To be Continued), 