FOTLISHED BV fiPI-CIAX ARRANG*iMKKT m WHOSO FINDETH A WIFE* 1 $MMtiMal Star) |y William [e Queux Aflfthor "Tfci Ureal Wilt in XiifltnA in 1117/* "ZomMii" "Stolen ftoula," "Quilty Bend*/' "A. tartl B«rvi«M , to. oorrjusMT. CHAPTER XXTll. A Tbmuiilk Tihtth. THE paper 1 held in ray hand was the origmul of the secret I con veil tio u between Englnnd and (itirmuuv , lilt1 ilocumcDt that had been stolen from me, transmitted by telegraph to the Russian Foreign Office, and linil nearly caused a terrible uud disastrous Europeun war. When X took it from among the letters and saw its neat, formal writing nnd sprawly signatures, 1 jjazed upon it in hlank amazement, unable at first to realise the startling truth. Thure was, however, no iwtm for doubt. It was the actual document that hud been so ingeniously purloined, for it reposed in the escritoire still in its official envelope. Tho great black seal affixed by the Earl of Warnham had been broken, and both envelope and document had the appear ance of having at some time or other been folded small, besides being sadly crumpled. Beneath the shaded light 1 examined the envelope carefully, and detected a faint carmiae atreak upon it; then, placing it to my nostrils, found that it exuded a stale odour of sampaguita. In an instant the troth was plain. The pink discolouration had been caused by toon; the (Mat was Ella's favourite perfume that die always procured from Paris. No doubt the document had been earned (or a considerable period in her pocket for safety and become crumpled, as papers will, if earned in a woman's diets. While the envelope might easily hare absorbed the odour of (bat unmis takable perfume from her handkerchief, the streak of rouge puzxled me, for 1 had nrrer suspected her of an artificial n—iplormn, nor had 1 ever seen the hare's foot end carmine among her tsilet articles. 'Tell Robert* 1 wish to speak to her,' I tad, tuning to Jacket, who had stood by in silenoe, pusiled at my strange, action of breaking the top of the eecri tain. Ha obeyed, and in a few moments tin neat dark-eyed maid entered. ' Roberts,' I exclaimed, ' I want you to toll dm something. Does my wife Me any carmine to give artificial oolour toherehaeksf ' Oh, sa, at,' the girl assured me. 4 Madam is tefry advane to the use of (oeh things. Onoe or twice, when she has beaa going out at night and looked unnsually pale I hare suggested a little additional ooloor, but she has always n&ued.;' 'Did diehare aay rouge « anything ti tint sort in bcr possession T I {n qsired. '2k 4 I m quite certain she WbV ' Why an yon io confident?* "Because only fee other d»y when I was ill with a nut headache madam uiged me to we some colour, as my faoe was so pale. Visitors were coming, she aaad, and die didn't tract me to look. like a ghost. I told her that I had no tannine, and die remarked that she had sane, therefore nothing conld be done.' • 'When did mywife pack those tiro tnmka she took with her this evening P • Last Monday, air/ the giri answered, slowly twisting her befrUled ajmifl in her hands. 'She ntmed a note by boy-messenger, and immediately set about packing the boxes.' 'Bid die tell you anything f I asked, adding confidentially, • I have reason, to believe that my wife has left us, there lore anything you tell tta may assist me ill tracing her.' The giri glaneed at m» ia genuine surprise. 'Doyou mean, ar, feat madamKm— his run away f' she gasped. •No—'well, not exactly,' I stammered. 'Bat did she tell yon anything F "With eyes dowaetrt the girl paused in hesitation, answering at last: « She didn't actually tell me anything.' 'Bat what da yon know about her intention* f ' Nothing,' «he answered. Then, after a pause, die added, ' Well, to tell you the truth, air, I had auspicious.' 4 Of what? Do not fear to speak beclaue I aaa bar husband,' 1 said, re anoringly. 'I may as well know the wont atoooe.1 "■She need frequently to receive notes' baa a gentiaaaaa. They were brought by a eoaamiaaionaire, or h a man servant, who waked for the answer. 'When they case I always knew that on the foll«wmg day she would be absent mit bean.' 'Ten Mine that she net this mysterisaa indmdnil—eh T I asked huskily. •Yea, tor she alwaya tfd me newer to admit to to® that she had been long absent. Therefore I had suspicion Out the met mmtboij daideetwily.' 'ftatnikkaiMF 'I have*&ever; been able to ascertain. Once I guanoed at a sale lying on Madam's draming-table. It merely an nounced the writer's intention to attend lady Peanon'i " at bane," and wi ■igned " X." • < Well,' I aaid hoarsely, after a kog ailence. ''WhateiaeP • Nothing,'ahe replied. 'That ia all I know, air.' •Has ay wilt take* ketjewtkf I inquired. ' No. She has left her Jcwel-eaee un locked, bat everything u time. She, has even left behind her wedding-ring.' 'Her wedding-ring P I echoed, as tounded and dismayed. ' Then die has j discarded me completely.' I ' Unfortunately it appears so, sir,' the girl observed, gravely. ' Very well, Roberts,' I said in a broken voice. ' Thank you. You may go.1 The girl glanced at me for an instant, with a sad pitying look, then turned mid left, closing the door noiselessly behind her. Alone, I sank into the chair utterly ^rokuu down, «till holding in tnj nervous, trembling fingers the oocrul document t.liut securnl till' peaee and welfare of the two most. powerful nation); on earth I hint nt Inst, dis covered tbe hideous truth Kiln, tile womtui whose gnue and hemily hud livid me enmeshed, 11d wlinni I hud loved with an intensity of passion tint vvn* nil consuming, was, after all, liase and worthless. Although making a hollow pretence to love nie »lie linl cast nir aside for this uiy^twiim-. man who signed himself with an initial, mid uliu met her secretly almost daily. 1 had been a blind, Unvoted idiot, I knew, but until 1 had watched her in Kensington tiardeii» I had never suspected her of infamy. It seemed, however, that she had no sense of shame, and cared nought for my dishonour or despair. Her perfidy whs now revealed in all its painful reality. Ella, whom 1 had always regarded as pure, honest, and trusting, was a woman of tarnished repute. The fnct that she had the secret convention in her possession was, ill itself, sufficient evidence that tbe mystery surrounding her in deep, and of uo ordinary character. Soma bad warned me that she was my enemy, and this fact was now, indeed, vividly apparent. How she had became (wsseRMxl at- de stolen treaty was inexplimble. j^ull well &» knew all the terrible anxiety its loss had caused me, anil the sen«ntion that its revelation bad orout.ee] through out Europe. Times without number 1 had mentioned to ber how anxious my chief wm to recover the original, ro that our enterpriidng friends in St. IVlrrK. burg OQuld have no tangible proof Hint it had actually existed, yet rIi« hnd given no sign that she knew anything of it, much less that it actually rrposnd in my own drawing-room. I did mil fail in those moments of my despair, to recollect that she bad been ou the uiosl intimate terms with Dudley Ogle, the man suspected to have beon in the service of the Cur's Governmeut, and as I sat in wonderment it became gradually impressed upon me that through those many monthB I had been basely tricked, and that Ella herself, charming and ingenuous as she seemed, was actually a secret agent of the enemies of England. Several facts that 1 recollected com bined to produce this startling belief. Because of my confidential position as secretary to the Earl of Warnbam it was apparent tbat Ella, with the assist ance of my whilom friend Dudley and the encouragement of her mother, had conspired to hold me beneath her spell. She had become my wife, uot because she had ever loved tnc, but becuusc she conld feign affection or hatred with equal impunity, and had some ulterior motive in obtaining my confidents. Her firm resolve to ascertain the true facts regarding Dudley's mystoriouB end showed plainly tbat if they were not lovers they had acted in complete accord, and what was more likely than that he, having stolen the secret con vention, had on that memorable night at the Nook handed it to her, the insti gator of the ingenious theft. Yet an hour or so later he died from some cause that neither doctors nor police had been able to determine. To her the tragic occurrence was a mystery, as to all, and her refusal to render me any explanation of her sus pioious actions was, I now saw, quite natural. Held beneath the iron thral dom of her masters in St. Petersburg, die dared not utter one word; hence I had remained in the outer darkness of doubt ana ignoraaoe. However it might be, one thing was certain, she bad been unexpectedly parted from me, either by choice or com pulsion. Perhaps it was that to pose as vaj wife was no longer necessary; yet, if she were actually a spy, was it not curious that in departing she should overlook this document, of which the Ministry at St. Petersburg wore so anxious to possess themselves. Again, as I sat alone before the cheer less grate, I reflected that if she were in the pay of Russia surely 11. Grode , koff, the ambassador, would have been j acquainted with her. Besides, what reason could lienouf have had in mak ing such careful inquiries, or why did Paul Verblioudotitoh discredit the truths uttered by Sonia and urge me to marry the woman I loved ? Neverthe less if, as I supposed, my position in the Foreign Office had caused me to be the victim of a clever and dceply-con oeived conspiracy, it was scarcely surprising that the Czar's representative should disclaim all knowledge of the sweet-faced agent, or mat ram nan praised her and oast obloquy upon Sonia in order that their plans, what ever they were, should be achieved. Of the actions of Runout, and his strange disregard for detection, I could form no satisfactory conclusion. All I knew was that Ella's career had been an unscrupulous and inglorious one, and tiiat mo had cast me aside as soon as her infamous ends had been attained. The only person who could elucidate the mystery was Sonia, the pretty girl who had been denounced by Renouf as a murderess, and who was now in hiding in far- off Russia, in some out-of-the world place where I could never hope to find her. If she were clover enough to elude the combined vigilance of tlio detective force of Europe, as un doubtedly Bhe had done, there was but little hope that I could run her to earth. The mystery had, by Ella's flight, been increased rather than cxplninod, for the more I pondered the more deeply-rooted became the conviction that die had decamped because sho had cause to .fear some strange development that would lead to her exposure and shnme. After a time I roused myself, and taking from the broken escritoire the other letters it contained, five in number, examined them eagerly beneath the light. All were in flic miiic hand, a ho.i\ y maaculinc one, writlm evidently w illi « quill. One In mie I n-jiiI iSiem. !ii>■ i inj; ttwil tAivv i-on'!i:in-ii hm.hu which fully I m-''IV -n picion*. •My dear Win,' mi.' i.hi ' T. morrow 1 RhnlI lie mi tlie ■<<'p.irl ni platform at Kind's Cross siiitinn hi 11.30. I Imvc f?oo<l nowfi for you. I 'cirae.—X.' Another regretted Ihe writer's in ability to keep an appointment, at, lie had been called unexpectedly to I'uri and was compelled to leave by the nifillt mail from Charing Cross. He, how ever, promised to return in tlu-ee dm i and gave her the Graml Hotel as his address if she found it necessary to telegraph. Strangely enough the letters con tained no endearing tcrrar eilhci at their comiiRMircujeiit or coiui u-'on. Formal nnd brief, tliey .-ill related to appointments at various places iu l.uti 111;11 where two persons might meet 1111 iwtieed by the crowd, nnd all were signed by the single mysteriousinitial. 1 stood with tliem in my bund fur a Iciii** time, puzzled and hesitating llmu placing theiu carefully in my pocket, together with the secret document 1 had ho unexpectedly unearthed, 1 eiumnied on my hat and linstily drove to l'ont street. The house, was in darkness, save lot n light in the basement, and in answri to my summons, after a lapse of some minutes, a tall gaunt woman in rusty hhick appeared in the area below 1 was surprised at being thus met by a stranger, hut inquired for Mrs. Lain;;. ' Mrs.-L'aing ain't at 'ome, sir,' an swered the woman, looking up and speaking with a strong Cockney twang. 'Not at home?* 1 exclaimed, sur prised. ' Where is she ?' 'She's gone abroad somewherus, but 1 don't know where,' the woman an swered. ' She's sold all her valuables, discharged the servants, and left mc 'ere as 'ousekeeper.' ' When did she go?1 1 asked. 'This morning. 1 answered an ad vertisement in the Chronicle yesterday, and entered on my duties 'ere to-day. Quick, ain't it.1 The rapidity of her engagement 1 wu compelled to admit, but proceeded to tnuke further inquiry whether Mrs. Laing's daughter had been there. ' No, sir. No one's been 'ere to-day, except a foreign-looking gentleman who asked if madame had left, and wben i said that she had, he went away quite satisfied.' ' What kind of a man was he f ' Tall and thin, with a longieh dark beard.' I The description did not correspond with anyone of my acquaintance ; there fore, after some further questions regarding Mrs. Laing's mysterious departure, 1 wns compelled to wish the worthy woman good evening. She knew nothing of Mrs. Laing's move ments, not even the name of the ter minus to which she had driven, such pains had Ella's mother taken to conceal the direction in which she intended to travel. Some secret undoubtedly existed lic tweeh mother and daughter; its nature held me perplexed and bewildered. 