THURSDAY, JANUARY 20, 1886. ' Fgr the emme Oat lacks assistance, For the wrong that needs resistance, For the future in the distance, And the good thai we can do.' NEWSPAPER LIES. The reason for the decline in Mount LyeU shares is said to be that heavy sell ing orders from London have been forced upon the Melbourne market ; and it is evident that toe fail is due to some such circumstance, for the ' Big Mine ' has not depreciated i& actual value, but, on tne contrary, is daily giving evidence that its riches have not been exaggerated. Colonial shareholders are wondering why London holders should be anxious to quit a stock which was paying 6 per cent, per annum on the market value of the shares at £14 10s, although the mine's output is only half what it will be within another year. To those behind the scenes, however, the lying reports circulated in England about the Mount LyeU Company's property, through the medium of 'The Mining Journal, Bail way aud Commercial Gazette ' furnish an apparent cauMe for the British holders' want of confidence. These false reports are not written straight out ; but because the paper alluded to geta in ite insidious Work *bv a fiide ibaur. i-.h-* nnnfumaWl lucubrations of a warped intellect are not leas calculated to frighten antipodean shareholders who, being at such a dis tance, and thus handicapped in obtaining correct knowledge, are naturally disposed to believe that the tilings they see in print are true. The London paper which has quite suddenly constituted itself the leading authority on Tasmanian railway matters is trying very hard to crush the Emu Bay Boil way Company and run ite own speoisl protegee, the North LyeU Company's railway schemetoKeUy'sBasin. In doing this, no opportunity is lost — or rather opportunities are frequently mode — of depreciating the value of the Mount Lyell Company's property by telling the moKfc ridiculous untruths about the Cotu l«uiy's railway, and mentioning in « sort of condescending way, just in panning like, that the line is abnormally costly to work, and of very little use to the mine. Of course, if this were true, it would de tract from the earning capacity of the Company ; for one great profitable feature of the Big Mine is that it linn itn uwj) railway, and even Britixli share holders know sufficient to understand that a very costly working line would necessarily reduce the profits to be earned by the Company. In its issue of 13th November, the London paper under notice has another shy at the Mount Lyell Com [iany, in an article written to buom the North Lyell railway scheme, The sen tence — 'This line (meaning the North Lyell Railway) will admirably serve the Mount Lyell Company's mine, for it is surveyed to go along the whole of their ground, at the foot of the slopes now being worked,' etc. —is a ridiculous attempt to mislead the British public, because it implies that Hie Mount LyeU Company has not a serviceable railway of its own. The colonial readers of this London journal turn form a pretty fair idea of ite veracity or reliability from one passage, which occurs in the article we are quoting from. In trying to show that the Emu Bay Railway Company will never be able to connect Rosebery with Mount LyeU, the paper says: — 'The only practicable route for a line in the opinion of experi enced bushmen, who have spent a life time in the locality, is to follow down the Pieman River to the Const and travel along it until the Henty is reached, when road might be found over Misery Flat to the western side of Mount LyeU. This means a line several hundred miles in length, and millions of money spent on tunnelling and bridges, and absolutely useless when constructed to serve any of the existing mineral fields.' To tlumu who know the geography of the western part of Tasmania, it is almost incredible that such statements should be made by even the most abject idiot who ever used printer's ink to further his own ends ; and in the interests of fair and honest journalism it is a pity that a paper which, otherwise, appear* to be respect able enough, should m lower itself. Leaving journalistic principle entirely on one side, and admitting that this precious specimen of London literature has a right to boom its own pet project, what need has it to lwlittlc a neighbor's property ? The North LyeU mine, so far as developed, is a grand mine, and if its wonderfully rich ore body only 'lives down ' for ? few hundred feet in depth— which proposi tion looks as great a certainty as anything can be certain in mining— the Company will pretty well be able to keep a railway engaged on its own work ; but, besides this, there will be ample traffic for a second railway, provided by the increased popu lation around Gormanston that must follow the opening up of other mines in (be district. Everything points to the fact that the mines about Gormanston and through the Darwin district will keep another line fully employed by the time it can be completed, and if the North LyeU Company w satisfied that Kelly's Basin is the best port for such a railway, let it go on and construct the line by all means, and its enterprise will be encouraged. But the writers in the 'Loninn Mining Journal' whose view of West Coast Blatters seem to be obtained entirely through Vbrtii Lyell spectacles, cannot possibly assist tiieir project by promulgating such utter rnWjMl as that contained in their lying statement* about tin &aa; Bay Railway Company and their jfflymuewlM relating to the Mount LyeU Company. Unclaimed wire :— J. Parker, manager North Oooah. If Mr Napier Beff« report on the deepemnKofwe bar at Macquarie Harbor isfoSwSioutitwffl reduce ibe present radiasof the outgoing tide from 7,360ft to 1300ft Mr i. 3. O«ttiiey. proprietor of the Palace HoteL has earned Ae«M^iadeof the inmate* of tebntellylfe coostoc t^oTa«w*TOi-!«»biaii«b««»aboot S3£f553l — M~m ... L«ul I«|Um T«lt ML A LEGITIMATE ADVERTISEMENT. I» tbis issue wfll be found * letter written by one of the committee of the forth coming Duaedin Industrial Exhibition to Mr A. D. Siigo referring to a mineral collection from the West Coast of Tas mania. A wise business man or trader always admits that he must not only furnish a good article but must also advertise it, and, on the same reckoning, the mineral resources of the West Coast of Tasmania will never bring their real value to the colony unless they are adver tised among capitalists whose money is required to develope them. Therefore no excuse need be mode fur the efforts persistently put forth in thebe columns to disseminate reliable knowledge of our mines and minerals «s far and as widely as we can. The request made by the New Zealand committee gives the- West Coast a chance to legitimately adver tise itself in a direction where much good can undoubtedly be done. The request points out that large interests in our district are already held by New Zealand investors, and that these are cer tain to increase ; and the Committee ask that a representative collection of West Coast ores should be forwarded to be placed on view in the mining court of the Exhibition. There is not a great deal of time to spare, and if anything is to be done it must be done quickly. Tlte hearty co-operation of Mr. Harrison, Inspector of Miners, can be relied on, and if our mine managers wiU sacrifice a little time they should be able to get together a very fair repre sentative collection of the ores that go to make up the great wealth of Western Tasmania. We hope to Bee the matter taken up by a few of our leading citizens and mining men. As the shadows of evening were stealing over the fire-branded hills last evening, the attention of pedestrians was attracted to a long procession of drays, on which were piled up a miscellaneous collection of what looked, to the observer, like the last sittings of a marine store. Where the debris came from, and where it was going, was the general query, but no answer was forthcoming. And as the ead procession disappeared in the deepening gloom, new arri vats came to the conclusion that one of the ' biggeBt shows on earth had come to an untimely end.' and they wore un wittingly acting as mourners. Many taunts have been cast at Britain for her land-grabbing proclivities, but her detractors must admit that the unfurling of the British flog over a country does not always mean the furtherance of British interests only. It also means protection for the ill-treated. A report to hand states that a British force has been despatched against the Ibourzas, on the Middle Niter, who have been making raids near the British settlements. It is intended to put a stop to the horrible rites practised by these people at human sacrifices, which are similar to those that prevailed in Benin prior to the British conquest of that kingdom. An exchange says th«t Amy Shevwin paid the West Coast a high compliment to undertake the trouble and expense of the trip with such a talented company {or the poor return of ' our devoted thanks.' It is hardly necessary to state that Amy Sberwin and her talented company did not undertake the tour for 'devoted thanks.' All lovers of high-class music were thankful for the opportunity of listening to the liquid notes of the night ingale, and they willingly paid for the privilege. Like most artists, Madame Amy has her eye skinned, and when she leaves the West Coast she will take away a good lump of something more substan tial than 'our devoted thanks.' FKnerimeuts are being inede in America which, if brought to a successful issue, will revolutionise theatrical productions, and do away with cumbersome scenery. The idea is a revolving stage that would carry four set scenes : ite operation and lighting to be controlled by magnetism. It is also thought possible that on apparatus can be brought to perfection by which scenes would be projected on to a screen, and thus the touring manager need only have a pocketful of photographs instead of the usual scenery impedimenta. Then again, it is said that the theatre of the future will be lighted and warmed by a man sitting at a piano and playing on its keys, All this reads like the dream of a magician, but by the wonderful strides of electrical science the word impossible has been shorn of its first syllable. A strong-minded housemaid played a game of draw poker with a Hobart thief, and* won on the first call of the cards. Which means that a plucky housemaid at Mr S. H. Wills' residence in Upper Mac quarie street surprised a thief named Harrington looting the premises on Mon day afternoon. He was getting away with an overcoat, when she struck him on the head with a poker, which mode him drop his nerve and the coat too. The blow caused the blood to flow freely, and staggered him so that he was unable to escape, and on a policeman being notified of the occurrence he was promptly arrested. Harrington has served several sentences for larceny, and has only re cently been discharged after doing nine months. The police say ho is one of the boldest thieves in Hobart. The necessity that exists for ascertain ing the depth of water on Macquarie Bar at every available opportunity should re. eeive immediate attention from the Marine Board of Btrahan. As the matter stands at present, the captains of incoming and outgoing steamers have to feel their way across the sand bank outside Macquarie Heads, as the channel formed by the cur rent is dependent on tidal influence, and ite position can never accurately be gauged unless soundings are taken. The Board rejoices in a revenue of over £J.!jQO per Sear, for which they appear to have very ttle outlet, and if they have the interests of the travelling public at heart arrange ments wiU at once be made to lessen the danger and delay when masters of vessels are looking for the shifting' channel through which they have to guide their charges before Macquwie Harbor is reached. Fennimore Cooper and others have idealised the American. IndianB, but it would want a very fanciful pen to make romance oat of a West Australian Aboriginal camp. The writer once paid a visit to « camp of a migratory tribe which paid s visit to BroacWrow. There were about thirty of them, squalid, diseased, and uiimention ably filthy. Temporary mia-mias hod been put up, and in the entrances squatted the gins and picannies. The males were either lounging about or picking vermin put of a pack of mongrels. In each mia mU a yelping cur crouched, snapping vicious! J st the flies attracted by & uoi somebeapof effai which the Macks had gathered from the local daughter yard. The eyes of the gins and ptcamneg were half dosed with the horrible exodation. The sins were feeding the naked infants with morsels of refuse pilfered from the hotel w»te buckets. Several of the children were hideously deformed. With one eseentioB the whole tribe were each like Kipung's '' Vampire ??-—. a rag. a bone, tnd a hank of hair. Tee exception was a mnauWB old dame, who was suffering from ilephastaiss. This old harridan was tooth less, almost bund, her breasts and arms scarred, her ewooien legs distorted, and ajtstetber horrible. As die crouched nd£d before a little Ere of pungent ©asalyjfft bottgfas at the entrance of her tmt-ao* *he lookW *» Sf she had just tprtnf oat of an old print which rtpre mttla being oQed &t; Uphun Ghost ? — t: . ? ? — - Daring the Attorney-Generals visit to Qceeastewa, lir E. Malthcvre. on behalf of U» Boq&al; Comiaittse, asked Mr Urqafcartto grwt them the fee simple of Oe land on which the uut» at j resent wing duty tar a hos^tui .ire atuated. The oommittefl having entered into neeo tutions to emet a building at conaiderabie eitpense on ? more suitable .site, *nd if the Government would bund them over die ground on which the hospital now ?tanas it would give them as aaset on which they could realise if necessary to assist them in die erection of die new hospital. Mr Drauhart said that the matter was outside bis department, but be could see the justice of the proposition, and promised to use all the influent* at his command to have the concession granted. It's an ill cyclone that blows nobody good. This modified version of an ole saying is (says the Melbourne ' Herald ' suggested by an incident connected with the recent tornado in the Nhill district. In that portion of the colony there were i» o half -time schools, and the attendance at each was so anal! that the Minister deter mined that one should be closed up. U jion hearing ius determination, petitions and representations came io from the residents in the vicinity of each school, protesting. One set of residents, besides advocating the claimsof the school in their midst, dis counted the value of the other school, and the other group of residents advanced the same views in more emphatic haigastqe. While the wrangle was going ou tl cyclone wbisked by- and took one of the schools part of the way with it. That was the end of the ditfici'lty. Mr Peacock has decided not to bave re-erected the building so swept sway. The one left standing wiU be kept open. It will cost £1.5011 to re pair the other echools injured by the cyclone. In an article entitled '? Blind Leaders of the Blind,' the ' North China Herald (Shanghai) of December 10 describes the members of the Chinese Cubiuet. Among them is Kang Yi. aud by the amount of his intelligence and modern knowledge the rest may be judged. ' Kang Yi ' (says the ' Herald ) ' is a Mancbu who began official life as Taotoi at Swatow some 1** toots a-ro. and has subsequent held office in Kiangsi. Chihli. Yunnan. Shansi, Kiangsu, and Kuangtung. About the time of the outbreak of war with Japan he presented u large ijuantity of arms and ammunition to the Poking Field Force, and gave a large sum of money to the Emperor to be used in the prosecution of the war. He was accordingly given high office at ^king. His appreciation of modern improvBtnentft may be judged by the fact that be ordered the soldiers to practice their drill with bows and arrows instead of firearms, and be commanded that those who did use foreign guns should nave bullets made of clay instead of wanting money on load, liven now thnt he sees that modern inventions cui not be dispensod with he cannot renlinc that they can only beprofitabJy introduced by men who know how to handle them.' The same old stereotyped lies arc being circulated about the prodigality of the lucky Klondyke minors. In tbojKirjiffr.iph under notice, which probably originated from the fertile brain of a yankoe press man, tbs first statement is that irhiskv selling is the moat iiroutuble busmenx in that icy region. That can be easily believed, and it in extremely likely that the liquor sellers and the transport companses will, between them, make the only big fortunes out of the northern Eldorado. The next statement, however, is open to grave doubt. It is that there are two churches there, and the plates ore heaped un with gold-duet each (Sunduy service. There lire many deserving preachers, but there have only been a few evangelists who wove able to extract more than a reluctant silver coin from any con gregation, and it is not likely that Moody or Grubb have migrated too tar off Yukon. The heaped up gold-duitt is generally thrown into the lap of Aepiitiia. A singer or an actress Houietunes secure? the yellow metal, but. however deserving the churches may be. the diggers never rush the collec tion plate. Grubb. and eloquent Irishman, drew not only gold but diamonds from Australian audiences, and if he had chosen to (tose ax a new Christ bis followers would have believed him. At Ueelong (Vic.) the hysterical congregations plucked off rings and brooches, and also loaded the plates with gold and silver. After th shepherd left tbe people meanly clamored for a return of their gauds. It is only fair to the evangelist to state that the collections were made for the churches he preached in. and not for his own benefit. By the way, Grubb's brother is a clerk in the Wardens Court At Coolgardie. Again, it is quite possible that the gilded paragraph is being circulated by some astute transport company. A meeting of shareholders in Coietnan and McDougaH'g North Lyell sections will be held at Finn's Hotel at H.30 this even ing. A meeting of the Loyal Oragc Lodge will bo hold in tbo Masonic Hall, tbis evening, at 7.SH Messrs Brumby and Co.. will hold an important sale of furniture at Hodge's Hotel, Dundas tomorrow. Messrs Brumby and Co., will sell to day, at II a.m, the stock-in- trade, bouse told furnitur and effects of Mr B. J, Moore, on the premises next Mr J. Hannon's, tobacconist, Main street. On Friday, 1 2.30 p-m., Mr J. C. Harris will sell by action at hie mart, iron mongery ant household requirements. Mine manage s and tributors will have an opportunity i obtain mining tools cheap, and bargaint in furniture may be ex pected by th«e householders who attend. 