"Cricket" or ." ate." Thus RaarTSImHn in the Argu :- "As the outcome oE the Australians' ' victory, I have heard it stated that "there is an ' arrangement' between " the two teams to win match about " until the last one, and make that the ".test. Could anything be more- un .'sportsmanlike or ridiculous, and yet "it is believed, by a great number of "people. All I can say is that if the SEnglishmen could have won they cer "tainly would have done so." With all due deference to RA?wi we somehow fancy that the matches will be won and lost to suit the "gate"-that all. important factor. VWhoevet wins the third test match, to be played at Ade laide next week, will for a dead cert lose the fourth match, in order that a big gate may result over the fifth and final test match in Sydney. We would be prepared to lay RAsJz a substantial wager that the team which wins the third test match will not win the fourth. Such is cricket ! It makes one fell quite enthusiastic. The Templestowe Shire Council meets next Monday and the Heidel berg Shire Council on Wednesday. In contradistinction to the rowdyism at Brighton Beach, Mordialloc, San dringham, and other places during the holidays is the orderliness which characterises the gathering of the public in the Heidelberg district. Very many visitors patronise this part, but they are of the better class. During the recent Christmas holidays the police were not once called upon, nor did any accident occur of any importance. Mr. R W. Best, M.L.A., went off last week on tA vacation cruise in tek Government Cseamer, the Lady I oi. It is with pleasure we learn that the senior member for Collingwood, Mr. Edgar Wilkins, has been offered san has accepted a seat on the Law Reform Commission. Mr. Wilkins may not be well versed in legal quibbles and technicalities, but he has any amount of solid common sense, and this is worth a whole heap of law-learning. If we had more of it in our courts we would get more justice and less law. An amusing and instructive enter tainment will be given by Mr. Edward Adcock in the Wesleyan Church, Spensley street, on Tuesday evenin;g 17th inst., entitled " The Dignity and Sanctity of Labour." Mr. Clemengey will occupy the chair, and the proceeds of the entertainment are to be devoted to the church trust funds. We have received the Australian Journal for this month. The January number of the ever welcome public ation is fully up to the usual standard, viz., sparkling, entertaining, and in structive. The Fitzroy Council meeting, held last Wednesday evening, was for the most part in committee, when the pro posal of the Brunswick Gas Co. .o lay mains in the streets of the city was fully discussed. Payments of accounts were passed. Valuation appeals will be heard in connection with the Fitzroy manici pality on Wednesday next, at the local court of petty sessions. In another column we publish wha purports to be a transcript of an. ancient document giving Pontiu Pilate's report on the trial, conviction, and execution of Christ. If authe?t! cated it should prove a valuable page in sacred history. It may, however, bersiutply a clever forgery. Mr. Thos. Latham, of Ivanhoe, ' is a prominent general offir this week by a full page portr : . the Temperaence News. Through some misunderstanding at the Church offices no supply was seat to Scot's Church, Heidelberg, last Sunday. The office-bearers of the con gregation deeply regret the disappoint ment, which will not occur again. Mr. veamen, a promising student of divinity, will conduct divine serrice until further notice, commencing next Sunday, at the usual hour, 11 am. We understand that a meeting of Collingwood citizens is to be heid in the smoke room of the local town Lit on Monday night, to discuss matterf in connection with the holding of an annual school excursion. Alfred Seymour, a young man resi dent of Fitzroy, drowned himself in the Yarra at Burnley last week. ?e was suffering from melancholia. /The secretary of the Collingwoo-d Free Medical Dispensary reports that 1671 patients attended the above institution during the months of Nor ember and December, 1897. Our friend, Mr. T. W. Sherrin, thc celebrated maker of football anl cricketing materials and requisit?., Wellington-street, Colllngwood, hsi made an ingeniously constructed 5:! for Gregory to wear on his split hL:Ei in the intercolonial match at Ade!ai- -' which will cover the thumb and for - finger, and it is hoped will prevent thie wound re-opening. Owing to the unexpected co!lapse cI the Englishmen, which brought tM second test match to a premature :-r mination on Wednesday afternoon, -he gate record fell short of what was an-? ticipated. There were 12,192 specta tors, of whom 6,344 paid, 5,84S being in the members' enclosure. The suen taken for admissions was £42S 1Ss 6d, making a total for the match of £3,840 6s 6d. This is about £2001 behind what was received on the oc casion of the final test match of the last Australian tour of the Englishmen, which, however, lasted for five days. Had this match continued over to-day, it would have been the record; ftc as a four-days' gathering, it is the pre mier.-Argus. It is reported that a female ghost nightly patrols Kerr-street from Rose street via Young-street to Spring street. Residents in that neighbour hood state that shortly after midnight a tall gaunt female figure, draped in black, emerges from a cottage in Rose street, and pushes a three-whieed perambulator, laden with EomethmSi mysterious, along the roadway on a journey to a tenement in Spring-street. On a.:rival at that place a dim light instantly appears, the doors opens, and a hand draws in the perambulator. It is then trust out again, and the ghost like female returns with it to Rose street. This goes on every night at the same hour. Probably cur in formants are suffering from ghost stroke. Girls employed in the crape manu facture are under a curious contrsct not to engage in any housework after their hours of labor. The rta-on is lest their hands should become cosrse and unfitted for the delicate nature of their employment. The paltry meanness of Sir George Turner in quibbling every year about saving expense by not holding an Easter military encampment is becom ing disgusting. We are again in formed the item provided on the esti mates of the Defence dep:artment for the Easter training has been struck out by the Treasurer as an expense which could le saved. The same old gag. Last year the camp at Lang warrin was carried out through the liberality of Mr. J. P. Chirnside, M.L.A. but private generosity cannot be relied on to maiitain a public undertaking. [It has since been de cided to hold the encampment.] Ill.health was the apparent reason why Margaret Scott, married woman, of Bridge-street, Northcote, ended her life by drinking rat poison on Satur day. She was 56 years of age, and had some time ago been operated on for an internal tumor. Since then she had been strange in her manner, and on Saturday she told her husband she had drunk poison. The jury found that she had committed suicide while of unsound mind. \- A. very sudden death occurred at Arthur's Creek on Monday. Mr. James Murphy, and old and highly respected resident, was found dead in his bed, the supposed cause being heart disease. The deceased was the third son of the late Thomas Murphy, of Arthur's Creek, and a member of the well known family of Murphy Bros., fruit growers. He leaves a widow, four daughters and two sons. The half-yearly meeting of Court Little John, A.O.F., took place at the rooms, Dispensary hall, Fitzroy, on 30th ult. The balance- sheet, which was read and adopted, showed the court to be in a sound financial condi tion, with a steadily increasing mem bers' roll; the auditors' report also showed the sickness amongst members to be the smallest experienced by the court for several years, that fund showing a profit of £127 2s. The election of office-bearers for the ensu ing six months resulted as follows: C.R., Bro. D. H. Collier; J.P.C.R., Bro. J. Doutch; S.C.R., Bro. H. R. Smith; S.W., Bro. T. Batts; J.W., Bro. W. Seivers; S.B., Bro. E. Hughes; J.B., Bro. F. Heath; sec., Bro. Jas. Wyatt; treas, Bro. J. Heath, sen.; asst. see., Bro. W. Doutch; auditors, Bros. A. Bell, T. Heath, and W. Doutch; trustees, Bros. M. Stephen son, J. Fox, and S. Lane; medical officers, Drs. Fyffe, Howitt, Hodgson, MacInerney, Morton, and Stock; dis trict representative, Bro. J. Heath, sen. 