Town Talk. -o- That the North Ipswich "spook" is evidently a much more real ghost than the one that was said to peregrinate in the vicinity of the water works. That the latter was-indeed, may be still- shadowy in appearance and "nebulous" in substance, and on the whole, rather retiring in disposition and practically harmless. That the North Ipswich wraith is not by any means retiring (except now and then), and has caused a good deal of trouble. That there are various methods of dealing with "spooks," but two modes of treatment stand out above all others, and either is a specific, though one is perhaps a corollary of the other rather than a distinct method of treatment. That the cure indicated is (a) an application of blue metal "gibbers," and (b) an application of tar and feathers. That this has never been known to fail, though it is only fair to say that some "spook" finders down south have found an application of a paling to be equally efficacious; while others strongly prefer a charge of coarse salt projected by 3drs. of powder. That George, whose surname is Reid, not- withstanding his recent division-victory, is in a somewhat parlous condition, politically re- garded. That his taxation proposals have had the stuffing knocked out of them. That the proposed duty on tea was heavily watered, so much so that it lost its flavour; the duty on rice was knocked out altogether; and the duty on confectionery reduced by one half. That it will be interesting to note how George, whose surname is Reid, will make up that £208,000 that he wants. That the Chinks, who must have been in fear and trembling re the rice question, have now plucked up their spirits a bit, and consider that New South Wales is not a bad place to live in after all. That, in connection with the collapse of George's taxation proposals, the "Herald" has given him something that ought to make him squirm considerably. That the house committee of the Ipswich Hospital deserve credit for their recommenda- tion that provision should be made for a better water supply for the institution, and the Board are to be equally commended for taking steps to give effect to that recommendation. That an abundance of water is an indispen- sable requisite at a hospital, for if a fire should break out and there should not be enough water to extinguish it very promptly, the con- sequenses would probably be disastrous, not only to the property, but perhaps also to human life. That scarlet fever has not yet cleared out, seeing that there are 2 patients still at the hospital, and that more beds are needed in the ward devoted to patients suffering from that ailment. That it is a wonder there are not more cases, seeing that patients continually set at defiance the regulations for the prevention of the spread of the malady. That the Bundanbal Labourists do not seem to be at all unanimous in regard to their choice of a candidate. That, a few-days ago, Ham's star was in the ascendant; now McKinsley's tartan is waving proudly in the breeze and what will be the outcome- "no man knows." That re this matter a jokist buttonholed the "T.T." man the other morning and playfully remarked that the whole porcine would, ere long, be in evidence. That already there were the sides and the ham; while it was certain that some others would have the neck and the cheek to come for- ward, but that someone else would crib it (the pig apparently) and kill it (Kollett) and- That at this stage the "T .T." man got in his little joke, for he playfully smote the jokist on the starboard jaw so that he died and was gathered unto his fathers. That, though we are not getting as much rain as we want, we are getting enough to freshen the grass, fill tanks, and revive some of the drooping crops. That, in this connection, Tuesday night's storm was of considerable benefit-except at Harrisville. That Captain Slocum, of Spray fame, says that on one occasion he experienced a wind that would blow the hair off a dog's back. That that was a fairly good breeze without doubt, but it wasn't in it with the Harrisville zephyr. That that particular "cats paw," it is rumoured, was capable of blowing the paint off a house. That, as that assertion was made by one of our oldest and ablest liars, it should secure some attention. That music is evidently on the upgrade-in addition to the new orchestrated society just formed, a new band has been initiated. That the instrumentalists are few in number, but united in purpose. That their first practice was held on Wednes- day evening last during the tea-hour. That their first cornet was pretty good, but the euphonium was a couple of a semibreves too sharp, and the player of the fog-horn seem- ingly transposed the staff and the clef to a higher altitude than that of Mount Everest. That, all the same, the practice was a very successful one, and was much appreciated by the listeners. That the gentleman who was appointed by the New South Wales Government to inquire into the old-age relief question has reported progress. That, amongst other recommendations of a fairly socialistic character, he suggests the com- pulsery insurance at employees against indus- trial accidents, and at the cost of the em- ployer! That the gentleman who made this sugges- tion must be a man after Glassey's own heart. That France and Russia are not exactly play- ing in each other's back yards in Abyssinia. That the "alliance" between these two nations does not seem to be productive of much good to France. That, perhaps, after all, Russia cannot forget the Napoleonic intention into her territory- anyway, it seems as if the alliance died almost at its birth. That Glassey is amongst the prophets, having been appointed a member of the Federal Coun- cil. That these seems to be a bit of grim irony about this appointment, for it is generally understood that the next meeting of the Council will be its last, and that it will then peacefully expire. That, if this is so, Glassey's elevation will not last long enough to enable him to lease be- hind any footprints on the federal Council's sand, which, as stated above, is fast running out. That some people have been made happy by Murray during his recent run round the country. That he has informed the separation " rebs." that there will be a triple representation of the colony at the next Federal Convention, though it is not very clear on whose authority he made that statement. That he also gave the "rebs." a pointer how to pave the way to the goal of their ambition, and they are naturally much elated. That the Hughenden people are simply in it up to their necks. That the Treasurer has promised (1) to reduce their municipal indebtedness by one half; (2) to spend £400 in testing their bore; (3) if the test is satisfactory, to give them a pumping plant for nothing; and (4) to lend the Council enough money to reticulate their streets. That, after receiving this quartette of good things, the Hughenden people ought to go on a bender for a fortnight. That, in view of the above princely conces- sions, it might be a good idea to get the Treasurer to pay a visit to Ipswich. That, considering that he has the support of both our members, he might be induced to wipe off our municipal debts, build a new Court house and Technical College for us, and do a few other things. That if he did we would erect a statue to his memory. That Lord Kitchener talks of appealing to the colonies for pecuniary assistance towards his scheme of building a college at Khartoum. That his project is no doubt a very com- mendable one, and Khartoum may be a very suitable place for a college, and so on; but it is to be hoped that he will not appeal to Queens- land for help in the matter. That the fact is that we can't get up a college of our own, and we must do that before we render " first aid" to other people, for a college. like charity, " begins at home." That Wallace Nelson says that the Labour party started out as revolutionists, but are now " reformers." "That he admits that they have learnt a lot, and, it may be added, they have a lot still to learn. That it is strange that people in these days should set out on a crusade that everybody else knew was a useless one, and that they should make a discovery that other people had made generations ago. That umbrellas are often taken to a Church, and sometimes left there. That it is seldom they are used there, how- ever, though such had to be done recently when as a result of a heavy storm occasional umbrellas could be seen shooting up like big black mushrooms. That one of our local publicans is said to have got an unpleasant surprise this week. That he unpacked a case which was sup- posed to contain brandy. That the customary straw overalls were there, but the "real stingo," which should have been present, was very much absent, its place being taken by a fine assortment of bricks. That evidently some enterprising individual has laid in a big stock of good stuff for Christ- mas; and it is to be hoped that this theft will be punished by a 3000 horse power attack of flaming blue and green horrors, and that he will be able to see nothing but countless stacks of aggressive bricks for about a fortnight ! That that ought to cure him of taking "what isn't his." That it is rumoured that the local G company, Q.R., has been, or is to be disbanded. That the disbandment is a cause for regret, for most of the members are said to be men of good physique. That the attendance at drills, too, has, it is stated, been better than that of similar com panies in Brisbane. That the reason given by the authorities for disbanding the corps is that there is no provi- sion for it on the estimates. That, wonder has been expressed that the same cause has not been adopted in the case of metropolitan companies that can't turn out so many men for drill. That the matter may yet be looked into a little more closely. 