THE LIGHT THAT CAST NO SHADOW. Curious stories are told about the powers possessed by certain natives of India, who live up among the Himalaya mountains. These old men, it is said, have devoted scores of years to the study of natural lawß and forces, which the rest of the world know nothing abont. Lately a German professor visited the “ adepts,’ 1 as these qneer Hindus are called, for the purpose of fiuding oat the secret of their remarkable performances. They treated him rather sonrvily, bat in terested him all the same. One day the pro fessor wanted to examine some ancient San skrit mauu'cripts. An adept went with him to a oave wherein the b>oks were kept. The plaos was dark as the bottom of a well. “ I can’t see to read here," eaid the visitor. 11 Then we will have some light," was the reply, and immediately (the professor says) a soft pearly light brightened the oave. He could not tell whence it came, but he noticed that it had one strange quality —it cast not the slightest shadow. This is a story hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learning and high character, and you who now read it havo no reason to doubt except, that all the lights you have seen have cast shadows. Belief or un belief commonly rnnß parallel with onb’a own experience. Dr Johnson sniffed at the account of the Lisbon enrthquake, yet oredited the tale of the Cock Lane ghost. A man who has been ill for years, and failed to find a cure, is sceptical when frieods tell him if a medicine whiah they believe will make him well. What else but doubt aould result from hiß experience * Take an example:— " In the spring of JBSS,” writeß onr cor respondent, " I fell Into a low, weak, and langnid state. I felt low spirited and ont of sorts. At first my stomach was deranged, my appetite poor, and after eating I had pain and weight at the chest. I was mnah troubled with wind, and frequently spat np a sour fluid, and also bitter bile. Later on I suffered from nervousness and great de pression of spirits. I kept np with my work, but had always a sense of discomfort. Off and on I continued ia this way for two years, nothing that I took relieving me. At last I heard of Mother Seigel’s Syrup, and procured a supply. After I had taken only a few doses I found relief; my food digested, and gradually all nervousness' left me. Although I had no reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine, never having used it or seen it used, I now gladly admit its value, and its power over disease. Since my recovery, for which I thank Mother Seigel’s Curative Syrup, I have been in the beßt of health Bnd spirits. In the interests of Buffering humanity I deem it my duty to send you this testimony. (Signed) D. Griffiths, tailor and on'fitter, 151 Hockley Hill, Birmingham, Sth Jnne, 1593.” There is a deal of difference between Mr Griffith’s oandid letter and the story abont the light that cast no shadow. The latter may be true enough, but it cannot be verified without mure trouble than it is worth. On the other hand we have a trust worthy witness, who will answer letters of enquiry, and can be found at his address. Finally, there is nothing mystic or magical abont Mother Seigel’s Curative Syrup.- It aots on the theory that most ailments afe but symptoms, forms or phases' of'that universal disease—indigestion and dispepsia; it cures that and. throws the light of health and happiness over hearths and homes where illness and pain had cast suob dark and terrifying shadows. And that Is why people believe ell that is tbld of Its iuccen by ssgsr witnesses. 