WAVING THE BLOODY SHIRT 1 Itf the United States, for some years after tlie Civil War, a certain creed of poli ticians, who had few merits of their own to recommend them, used to endeavor to get into Congress by arousing the sectional feelings of the Northerners against the old Slave States. This practice was called * Waving the Bloody bbirt1 Coralline it succeeded, but eventually the good sense of the American people caused them to turn with disgust from public men who endeavored to serve their own Belfish ends by arousing the hatred and uncbaritable ness of man. Wo have exactly the satno breed of politicians in New South Wales but here these narrow and uuwoithy sspiraats for political honors stir up the troubled waters of sectarianism instead of sectionalism. Tho game was first started hero by Sir Henry Parkes over the OTarrell and 4 Kiauia Ghost' affair, and it has been kept op at intervals over since. It is; an open secret that some cf the present Ministerial party in Parliament, finding that they are going down the hill politically, and are getting intoespecial bad odour with the workers, intend to revive theshady device* of old Parkejby raising a sectarian and teuipdrance cry for t'be next general election. Unable to face th* people en their personal merits, or to claim credit for restoring prosperity, these tfhallow-pated screech -o wis and political derelicts imagine that by appealing to one of the worst of huraun passions — religious intolerance — they will be able to once more gull the electors. Owing to the poltroonery exhibited by Beid with regard to his cry of ' Reform the 'Upper House/ they find that tbe people will not again trub't them on that mission, and they seem to think it will be necessary to supplement their platform witn sectarianism. Beid havmg trifled with the hotelkeepers, as he has with moat other sections of the community, appears inclined to change his views on the licensing question, now that he has discovered that he is no longer accepted as the champion of liberal laws in tbis direction. This accounts for his preference for a 'time notice ' with regard to local option, though for years he advocated monetary compensation ; and it also explains why he has not responded to the roquest of the liquor interests to reduce the duties on wines and spirits. In this country teetotalism and sectarianism largely run together, and the Ministerial party hope, perhaps, that these two sections, working as one, will give them a majority at tho polls. They reckon with out their host however. There are thousands of farmers in the country who are good Orangemen, and teetotallers, too, but they also desire to see sorue protection given to agriculture. There are others who are artisans or manufacturers, and these are dissatisfied with the policy ef Heid and his followers. The great mass of the workers, who desire employ ment and fair wages, cannot see that their lot will be made one whit better by a sectarian cry, which ha-i so often duped them in the past The belated Ministerialists will, therefore, attempt to work with a broken arm if they wave the bloody shirt of sectarianism at next general election. The Protestant section uf the public cannot see anything to admire in the shallow and narrow views of Garrard, Cook, Young, Sydney Smith and Gonld, and even if tbeir religion were in danger, which it ib not they certainly would decline to ac cept Want, Beid and Carruthers as champions in that respect Old Brunker might pass muster at their hands, but he is not likely to set tbe Parrsmitta River on lire with twelfth of July craiions, or gun powier plot scream. To do the old man justice, we do not think that he would be a party to any such despicable tactics. What the people want next election is a 6tand»up fight and a clear cut issue be* tween Keidism and its opponents, and we venture to assert tbat an overwhelming majority of their number will not care a continental condemnation what a man's religious viewB are, so long as he gives them work and wages, and does his best to Jift tbe community out of the Slough ef Despond into which Beid and his fellow muddlers have got it 