OUR* LONDON LETTER, (BY SYDNEY rL&.M.BPAs:.) WESTMINSTER, June 17,1898. At last the cat is out of tue bág. Ia discussing in a recent letter the famous ** Long Spoon " spaeeh of Mrs Chamberlain at Birmingham that set all Europe by the ears, it trül be remembered that the writer endeavoured to analyse the point as to whether it was made as a de- f claration of policy on the part of the Government, or whether it was, to use a colonial expression, " on Mr. Cham* berlain's own." Owing to the Whitsuntide recess there was no opportunity for the matter'to be raised in Parliament until the resumed debate on the Foreign Office j vote last Friday in the Honse of Common3. From the general tone of the speeches on that occasion there is no longer any room for doubt that the strained relation! between the Foreign Minister and the Colonial Secretary, at which I more than hinted previously, became very acute after the delivery of the speeob. in question. That this is so, ia -evident from the whole trend of the . speeches in both Houses on the two occa- sions when the speech of the Colonial Sec- retary was .under discussion.* On Friday night - Mr. Curzon, Under Secretary for Foreign Affairs, deliberately and avowedly stated that he would leave his colleague to defend his speech himself. Previously in the House of Lords Lord Salisbury. , when questioned on the matter, sailed away from it by saying that he had nc copy of the speech with him, and that ha .could not reply without careful considera- tion of it as a whole. When Mr. Chamberlain himself rose to speak last week, and was challenged as to whether he agreed with Lord Salis- I' bury's speech, he naively replied that " he j had not a copy of the speech before him." ' I The Colonial Secretary was unable to say that" his own statement had represented the policy of the Government and tried to make his escape by declaring that he could not write his speeches as " Sir William' Harcourt, that it was not customary for Cabinet Ministers to submit their speeches beforehand to the Cabinet, and that the fact that he had not resigned might be taken as evi- dence of the solidarity of the Cabinet. There was but one moral to be drawn from all this, and Lord Salisbury's speech on Monday to the representatives of the Chamber of Commerce has supplied the ! confirmation. The Prims Minister saide , i " A great deal has bean said about Russia, France, and Germany. With your, per- mission, I would rather not discuss th» relations of this country with Russia, France,, and' Germany in China. We all of us ara, of course, bound to a certain reserve.in this respect, and th» office.which I have the honour to occupy singles me out as specially under an obligation ia this way." WILL MB. CHAMBERLAIN RESIGN OFFICE f It is thus proved pretty conclusively that Mr. Chamberlain made his speech en- tirely "on his own." One is naturally anxious to get at his motive in making so strong a bid for an alliance with Germany, he having declared in the House of Com- mons that Germany was the " great mili- tary power " with whom he would advo- cate an alliance. Is it still Joseph's dream that the Colonial Office is tho sheaf tr which the sheaves of the Foreign Offb« must bow ? The writer's estimate is this : -Mr. Chamberlain is now . trying another fall with President Kruger ; when he made his former attempt and got worsted in j it, he was confronted with the ob* [ stacie of Germany's support to the ; Transvaal; therefore he is now endeavour' j ing to turn her sympathy from the Boers to England, that he may usa her as a pawn iu his game against the President. It is a dangerous game. Is it likely that Mr. Chamberlain -will resign office ? He is no£. exactly of a re- signing disposition, and to what party could, he turn? The gulf that separates him from his old colleagues is too wide to be bridged : he cannot return to them, they cannot go to him. . With the example before him of tho late Lord Randolph Churchill Mr. Chamberlain is not likely to - throw up the officé of Colonial Sacratary. When Lord Randolph resigned Lord . Salisbury was asked why he did not ask him to go back. He replied, " When you have got rid of a boil on the back of your heck, you are in no hurry to have it on again." At present, Mr. Chamberlain is tho boil on the back of Lord Salisbury's neck, and no .» one knows it better than Mr. Cham borlaia himself. What, then, as ti his future? Although they cheer his fighting speeches, the Tories in the House so cordially dis- trust him that they would never consent to have him as their leader, and it cer- tainly appears probable that the very pushful politician, who began his career by establishing a corner in screws, and suc- ceeded at the Jubilee in putting on the market a boom in colonies, is very unlikely now to don ""the robes of the Prims Minister. - - THE FOBEIGN OUTLOOK. With regard to the general outlook ot: foreign affairs, the acute stage with re ference to Chinese matters appears ts u¿ giving place to greater quietness. Bu£ appearances are frequently delusive. Lor«. Salisbury has strongly discouraged th* making of a railway connecting Burmah, with China, the engineering difficulties being regarded as almost insuperable. He has also declared it to be the intention ol the Government to devote all their rv sources to upholding the British Right»« under the Treaty of Tientsin, which gay* Í#rífais csuntry and her colonies all tho rights of the most favoured nation treat- ment. On- the top of this,, however, comes news of a serious character ra- * garding Russia's designs on Britain's commercial supremacy. The correspondent of 'the ^Times at Pekin states that the Russo-Chinese, Bank is in negotiation fir aioan on the secuMÇy.of the Pjlring-Shau '^^t^.j^s^)i^'1^M.i^ sattajs-is ^ < carried out Buse ia will get control of the only railway to the north from Peking. * Further, China has oonsentod to the pro- posal of-Busjiia to take the Chingting Taiyuenfu railway south to a point near Bi-Dganfn, on tie Yellow Elver, where it will join the great highway to Eussian and Chinese Central Asia. The corres- pondent declares that it becomes " more \- and more imperative for England to define her sphere of interest in the Yangtse region, and to insist upon the right of first refusal as to all railways there." He concludes: "The inconsistency of Great Britain in first protesting in Peking that the will serer permit sny abrogation of her treaty rights, and then spontaneously re- cognising in Berlin Germany's exclusive railway rights and interests in Shantung is severely condemned here, and is con- trasted with the immediate subsequent action of Germany in strenuously endea- vouring to blocs; the British concession for . the railway-from Shanghai to Nanking." Although the details of the convention \- «xe not yet to hand, the extension of the boundaries of Hongkong to Kowloon, giving tc Great Britain the unchallenged control of tibe «hole of the Lyeemoon Pass, afc the entrance to Hongkong, is a conces- sion which is regarded as of far .greater value front a strategical point of view, than the concession of W«-bai;Wei. . Aelledjmy readers to expect, tho French elections be ins over, an agreement be- tween jGxeat .Britain and France on the Bubjectfvf West Africa has been quickly eon&taded;, and Great Britain rotabas her hold ofBousea, with valuable trading con- cessions. GBEAT BBETAIB- Atn> THK PHILIPPINES. It is not generally known that Great \- Britain bas outstanding claim of ¿500,000 against the Philippines for an old war in- demnity. - In 1762 Manila was stormed by . British forces under General Sir William 'Draper, whose landing was covered by the " guns ~~ of a British fleet nuder V Admiral Cornish. There was no Spanish \- Beet .to. encounter in Manila Bay, . iso the landing was fairly easy. General Draper's secretary, who was sent into the town to arrange terms of capitulation, was murdered, and Sir William Draper there «^n &8sa.u|£eä and the place. The.. Spanish Governor fled. The Boman Cathee Archbishop of Manila agreed to raueom the town for £1,000,000. of wbieh hàjf -was paid and the other half is still owing. British troops were in " occupation for 18 month?. If we adopted the methods which Bussia uses, towards , Turkoy over her old war indemnity, The British Government would probably now be pressing Spain for that half million. * *v :*'..TAI>BB. iipgs MR/GLADSTONE." During weeks that have elapsed : inicie the death of- the great statesman at ?Hawarden, the book world has been inun- dated with bocios concerning his life and hie work. Of .these, the "volumes that possess th« element of personal recollection are-the most .interesting, and one of. the .belt is the wore entitled "Talks with Mr/ Gladstone," by the Hon. Lionel A. Tolle mache, which will well repay perusal by ; Australian readers. Mr. Tollemacho, a . very/able ,. man, who would probably have entered public life but for the state of his health, wrote a similar monograph on Pro- fessor Jowett. The reception accorded to his latest book has beensomowhat varied ; it has been widely reviewed, but some of his critics hold that he had no right to publish private conversations with Mr. Gladstone, ' nor in those conversa- tions to endeavour to draw him out in order that the venerable leader's words might, without his know- ledge, benefit the reading public. On the other hand, Mr. Tollemaohe has himself in- formed me that Mr. Gladstone's ^family hare no such feeling, and do not object to «the book, with the solitary exception of a comment on Parnell, which will accord- ingly he omitted from 4he next edition. That comment was-that he, Mr, Glad- stone, "found Parnell an excellent man to do business with until he discovered that ?¡he. was a consummate liar." ~i -Itfa-reeent letter! drew attention toone or two stories that have been floating about with regard to Mr. Gladstone's. relations with the Queen. lu one of the mostinterest ing of recent hooks " By One Who Has Kept a Diary" under the name of " Col-" ? lections and Becollections," appears tho following, illustrating the intenseness of the old man's nature :-" ' He speaks to me as if I was a public meeting,' is a complaint which is said to have proceeded from il- lustrious lips (ix-, of Her Majesty the Queen). That most successful of all courtiers, the astute Lord Beaconsfield, used to engage Her Majesty in conversa- tion about water-colour drawing and the third consulships of German princes. Mr. Gladstone harangues her about the polity of the Hittites or the harmony between the Athanasian Creed and Homer. The Queen, perplexed and uncomfortable, tries to make a digression-r-addreBses a remark to a daughter, or proffers biscuits to a beg- ging^ terrier. Mr. Gladstone restrains_ himself with an effort tillthe Princess has answered, or the dog sat d*wn, and then promptly resumes-'L was about to .v.«ay*^r.' Meanwhile ¿¿the flood .has gathered force "hy delajv and when.it hursts forth agam it carries" all before k it": : THE LATE'Loan CABBEBT. ... ' The death is announced this, week of v Lord Caibery,' one of thé most kindly and tender-hearted of men.. His name/will be " tóo^to'naany people ^.Australia, for he travelled a good-deal in the colonies two or " three-years ago, and in the course of his wanderings Visited tba; Bivèrina district, with-the climate of which he was charmed, olthb^ him no. per? minent good. After leaving Australia he went'to New Zealand, and he told me some details regarding his stay in. a township » imere; He "was very illat a certain hotel, f iaiiiiäte vißh63>TO~ >|príe$rfl'^^^ in spite.oï his : iunfi"&è# ^ heiáfa/^t^^ . AUSTRALIAN FEDERATION. The telegrams from Australia, giving accounts of the negotiations .that Mi Reid, Prime Minister of New South Wales has been conducting with regard to a con ferenoe of all the Australian Premiers witl a view to a compromise on Federation have been followed with deep interest. Th< Press is almost unanimous in its oppositioi to any scheme of partial- Federation, sucl as Mr. Beid is now trying to bring abou between Queensland, New South Wales and Victoria, and strong approval is ex pressed of the dignified coarse taken bj Sir John Forrest and other Australia! Premiers who have refused . to meei Mr. Beid in the manner he wishes It is thonght in this country thal Mr. Beid is playing for bis own hand and whatever popularity he won for him- self as an. Imperialist daring his visit ant by his speeches at the time of the Jubilee, has Leen -wholly' dissipated. ENGLISH CEIOKBT. This English summer this year is some- thing wetter than the wet season in Fiji and something bleaker and colder than the west windin the Blue Mountains. Never- theless the cricket.season is in full swing Lord Hawke -has-been exerting himseli . with energy ^acerning the visit of the Ausfcralian-.j^in -next year*, and with such \- good effect that it is almost settled that \- the -whole control of the arrangements, on this side is to be left to the M.C.C. It is curious that sómé of the host players on the wet wickets this season are those who failed mest conspicuously on their last visit to Australia; for instance, Mr. J. K. Mason has in county matches an average of 64 runs zn eight innings; then Storer has a batting average of 41 in nine innings, and Hay ward 37 in nine, whilst in bowling Wainwright has secured 27 wickets at a cost of 7.14 runs, and Hearne 85 'wickets at a cost of 1L44 runs. Stoddart too has shown something of his old- form asa dashing batsman,'out Maclaren has not taken any part inTirst-cla3S fixtures yet. A WEEK OF CRISES. Westminster, June 24. On opening one's morning paper at the commencement of this week, this is what one found in the matter of crises :-r 1\. Crisis in France, no Ministry. 2\. Crisis in Italy, no Ministry. 3\. Germany : Elections in progress. Socialists gaining heavily. -4. Austria-Hungary : Chronic crisis. 5\. Spain: Chronic crisis. 6\. Japan : Agitation- for the reform of the constitution. Crats'imminent. 7\. China.: Chronic criais. . 8." Siam ¿ Crisis brewing. F>om this outlook it is possible that a cynic might deduce the 'conclusion that a dose of absolutism is the only païliative of crises. PARTT STHIFE IN JAPAN. If the news from Japan he authentic , 'to the effect. that Count Okuma, the late Foreign Secretary in Japan, is about to form a new party, the principal plank in whose platform will be the revision of the constitution-the land of the Mikado will soon be the centre of much bitter party .strife. There seems something strangely incongruous in the adoption of Western Parliamentary ideas by an Oriental nation. To the lover of Beal Japan what greater irony than to witness the importa- tion ¿here of rowdy election scenos, with Srofessional bullies, public meetings roken np, heads smashed, rows in the streets and all the other appurtenances of civilised electioneering? But 60 it is. From our point of view the present constitución of Japan is indefensible, and cannot last. A Parliament witch is elected by the people, but not responsible to them, a Diet which can pass a vote of no«confidence in a Government, and yet have no power to remove lt, such authority being reserved in practice and theory for the Emperor alone- this is not repre- sentative government, whatever else it ' may be. " It is this condition which Count Okuma seeks to change, thereby bringing Japan into line with British notions of Parliamentary government. For the rest it will be well, jfco -believe that yonng nations, like young children, must get through the troubles of teething. But in Japan, as .elsewhere, it is possible* that 'constitutional agitation will prove a safety valve îot the outlot of energy which might otherwise drift into more dangerous cur- rents. >> RUSSIA'S MISSION IN THE WORLD. While on the subject of Russian policy it is as well to recall the fact that the late Chancellor (Prince Lobanof) is said to have left certain papers in which he defined his views touching Russia's mission in the world. Among other things the Prince pointed to England and Germany as the two Powers from which Russia had most to fear. He believed that in four years, when, the "Russian railway system in Asia would be completed, there should fee no-delay in _ striking a decisive blow at India. If this course of action should be attended with : success, Prince Lobanóf considered that the bonds. uniting the British colonies . with the mother country would be mate- rially loosened, and that the decline of the British Empire would follow. On the other hand, the alliance with Francs affords Russia security against Germany. BRITISH Potier w THU FAR EAST. _ To instance only a few of tho idiosyncra- sies which have characterised recent r British policy in the Ear East, take ¿he i following:-^ 1\. Mr. Balfour, eighteen months ago, on behalf of the Government, invited Russia to.the occupation of*an ice-free port on the i China coast. . ; ' .:':~--{ i ... 2,. Russia takeB it; Great Britain pro I tests. " ?' \ 3\. Mr. Balfour, oh behalf of the Govern ment, announceö at the commencement of this year .that their policy is to be that of' 3 ïlicb^ael: !S^Étí^&^£\^iS^úii 'tKjfSfc''" this ú j§|iii^ of ^m^"^^WéÍi^iM^i MM nfcatéà tuât '*&s;^s%&a;&&j; -air ? *: - ' . Great Britain doe3 not desire, any terri tonal expansion. 4\. The "open door" is closed behind os We do not go to war. We sit down-ont side the door, slang the doorkeeper, ant ' presently get up and hoist the British flag over Wei-hai-wei-territorial expansion. 5\. Almost at one and the same time, it the House of Commons we declare for thc maintenance of "the independence of tht Chinese Empire, à lu Turk, we protest against the partition of China, and mean- while secure from China an undortakiug not to alienate any part of the Tangís© Valley to any other Power- thereby ear-marking to ourselves the richest portion Of the Em- pire against the partition of which we protest. 6\. Having secured, in Wei-hai-wei a naval base of doubtful value, but a poten- tial coaling station, wo voluntarily assure Germany that it is not our intention to construct a railway, from Wei-hai-wei to Shantung, a rich coaling district leased to a British, syndicate on the mainland. 7\. We proceed to irritate Russia by comparing her through the medium of a Cabinet Minister to " the devil," we offer to China officers to train her army and navy and bring them up to fighting trim, we let slip innumerable opportunities of * securing wider expansion for ' the trade of -Great Britain and ber colonies, allQwing '' our" commercial rivale d ontwit us in seouring points of vantage from which to \- competo with ni in the future. Granted that we have secured some concessions - such as the extension of Hongkong and the opening np of the navig- able rivers-does not.the above record condemn itself? England's war with Russia in 'the Crimea was due not to -deliberation or to foresight, but. to the want of it. It was the outcome of divided counsels in the Ministry and a policy of drift. There are divided counsels in the Ministry to-day, British policy is still a policy of drift. Despite tho admittedly "nasty" turns administered to this country by Russian diplomacy of late, does not common sense suggest the advisability of coming to an understanding with her over the Far Eastern question, instead of indulging ina vain and useless effort to infuse new wine into old bottles, and to patch up the ragged garments of Chinese independence ? And is it so certain that Russian civilisation, backward though it may be in some respects, is not just as 'Well adapted to certain parts of China as ours ? Ie it really worth while to go to war for the purposo of introducing a County Council into Canton, and making all the occupants of sampans free and in-. dépendent electors ? The mischief is that at present -where we "should be activer eommercially-we are passive. Where wè should be passive" we are threaten ;-ing. In the meantime, according to . * intelligence' received ,-this week, M. ?" Pavloff has replied to the request of the Teung-Ii-Yamen for facilities for docking the new Chinese cruisers which will shortly j be delivered by the German contractors at Port Arthur, that only those ships of the Chinese navy whose officers are exclusively j Russian are entitled to enter that harbour, while the Minister of Finance at St. Peters burg has informed some Odessa merchants, who recently inquired as to the duties levied on articles sent to the Liao-tong Peninsula, that Russian goods entering Port Arthur or Talienwau would be ad- mitted duty free, those places being now regarded as a portion of the Russian empire. Where is that " open door " for Australian produce? CHINESE OFFICIALDOM. If Chinese officialdom were freer from I corruption there would still be a chance of the integrity of the Empire being pre- j served. "Strange that with all the cunning of Orientals the members of the Tsung-li Yamen cannot emulate -the tactics which alone have kept that other sick man Turkey-upon his legs for so long. Turkish officialdom is corrupt, but there is more method in it than in the corruption of the Chinese. Said Fuad Pasha, one of the ablest of the Grand Viziers, to a member of tho British diplomatic service ..years ago. " Turkey," ha said, " is a chariot to -which each Great Power has attached a horse. When one seeks to pull the chariot ene way, we whip up another of the ' horses, which pulls the other way. Thus the equilibrium is maintained, and thr ohariet is not overturned." But Chinese Statesmen (?) have not even enough strength left to enable them to play off one European Power against; ' the other. They surrender, a pound of flesh to each in turn. INCREASE OF THE NAVT. One effect of all this -unrest abroad and of tiie dissatisfaction felt at the supineness of Lord Salisbury hy many of his followers "at home will pro- bably be a supplementary Estimate to be laid upon the table of nie House of Commons, before this letter is in type, providing for a further increase of the navy. Questioned in the House of Com- mons on the subject of Colonial contribu- tions in aid of the defence of Wei-hai-wei and of Hong Kong, Mr. Balfour replied that the subject of Colonial contributions must be examined as a whole and not con- fined to ene or two localities. THE BLACKWALL DisASTEsr It is impossible to speak of battleships without referring to the terrible calamity : which attended the launching of ,the Albion on the Thames this week.- .Black- well is one of the poorest and dreariest parts of the East End. For years past the shipbuilding industry there bas boen almost at a standstill. It is indeed a tmgedy that the first signs of returning 1 activity ^n the yards -should have been ^araoterised by such wholesale loss of life, 36 bodies having already been recovered. ; The matter" will, of course, form the sub- ject of anofficial ^inquiry; but the expia- tion of the occurrence seems to be *; jffîï'Zàmda': ::M-X^tgB ..' ñumbéV . of / eager sightseers crowded- on to a narrow bridge of insecurely-fastened ' planks, despite that it was mat-fc^ '- dan i gérons." As the Albion glided mtoHhe water the backwash caused by the dis- placement rose higher and higher, and -swept hundreds'of people into the creek. The occasion was redeemed by many of' those simple .acts/of heroism to natural to the very poor, which come as no surprise to those who know and love their East End, to whom the very paving stoneB are eloquent of The strife of poor humanity'B afflictel will Wrestling in vain with ruthless destiny. One man, by name* Tom Cook, dived under the floating timber and brought out body after body, bat he " did not wish to bo bothered by the reporters," and he merely said, " Oh, yes, I saved five. The first I got was a dead person ; the second a living woman. I could not tell what the others were. As soon as I had iem os the shore there WAS men to take 'em." And then without any tone of regret, this hero added that he be- lieved his jacket, waistcoat and watch had been stolen. One Bye- witness says, "Isaw a sight such as I never hope to see again. Here was a poor fellow .who sank once, and then called out to his girl on the bank. She had just esciped and tried to get into the water to help him out. But what could she do P Some fellows caught hold of her and kept her back, and I couldn't bear to hear her screams of 'Let me get to him. Jack, oh!. Jack.' Then' she fainted. The man she was '.trying to reach had gone down again and for jhe last time." Ma. CHAMBERLAIN AND Sta CSAEI.ES "DILKE." Many political friendships were sacri- ficed in the break up of the Liberal Party." -Callously enough that of Sir Charles Dilke and Mr. Chamberlain survived the strain not only of the Home Bule split, but of the cause -celebre in which Sir Charles figured before Mr. Gladstone's coup d'etat on the Irish question. Inde-od, it is generally understood that indirectly Mr. Chamberlain was ah unwilling factor in. tendering advice which ultimately conduced to . bring about the poli- tical downfall of his friend, for he it was who advised Sir Charles not to ] go into the witness-box and submit to the ordeal of cross-examination on the occa- : sion of the famous divorce proceedings, Crawford v. Crawford. But, notwithstand- j ing, the friendship between the two men has existed from the time Mr. Chamber- lain entered Parliament, and it was ma- terially strengthened by an act of self abnegation performed by Sir Charles Dilke when Mr. Gladstone formed his Govern-^ meut in- 1880. Sir Charles Dilke was' offered a place in the Cabinet before any "other Badieal politician was ap- proached on the subject. Sir Charles wanted to get Mr. Chamberlain in, and he "had besides a particular personal longing forth's office of "Under- ; Secretary for Foreign Affairs, -which, of course, does .not, carry Cabinet rank. So ho took the junior post, on con- dition that Mr. Chamberlain was admitted. The Times, Daily News, Standard, and Spectator of that day, all congratulated him on his unselfishness. This is the ex- planation of the courteous debating methods adopted by the two men towards each other, at a time when they. never spare other antagonists. Useful a6 is Sir Charles Dilke as a private member, the loss sustained by the Liberal party by his exclusion from official life is incalculable. Humours are again currant as to differ enees within the Cabinet and the posei-¡ bility of Mr. Chamberlain's resigning his j office. Without suggesting that such a step is impossible, if it comes, it is much more likely to come nearer the end of the present Parliament, which is due to last another three years, than now. ' AN ANTI-BITUAI,IST- CBÜSADE, For some time past there havë been signs, of the revival of a no-popery agitation in this country, directed, be it observed, not against those professing Hornau Catholic- ism, whose right to perfect religions liberty is ' questioned by none, but against the Romanising of the Protestant Church of England as by law established. The drum ecclesiastic has already begun to beat, and j having .regard to the practices of many of the English clergy, not before it was time. No one objects to their, coming out from the Church of England and becoming Boman Catholics, .a perfectly right and natural step for them to take. What is objected to is that they should remain in the Church of England' and receive the emoluments of the. Church of England while perjuring themselves by breaking their ordination vows in practising the ritual of the Church of Home. Said one newly-appointéd incumbent to his church- warden the. other day . " We may as well understand each other. I am going to have/ everything here from Borne except the Pope,"" One result of recent events is that a fresh lease of life and force nas^ been given to the dis- establishment movement, which only a short time ago seemed to have lost ground considerably. As it is, an increasing num- ber of men, even within-the Church of England, are beginning toisk themselves how a house divided against itself will be able to stand. ^ . TfiE WAK. A good deal of the V gush" that at first came like froth to the surface on the sub- ject of an Anglo-American Alliance has now died away, and a more practical spirit ls manifesting itself. A permanent and thoroughly representative committee has ; ¿ow been formed, the influenoe of which must make for peace and goodwill be- tween the two great branches of the Anglo-Saxon race. Meanwhile the war (limited) with Spain drage its weary length of days-and dollars. It is already well into three months and eighty million pounds, from the United States taxpayer. Rumours of attempts to patch up peace . are now as persistent as the threatenings which heralded the outbreak of war. The future policy of the States in regard both to the Philippines and to^ Cuba, from an administrative point of view, is still in doubt. No doubt humanitarian motives had much to do with. the outbreak of host&tiea;, but there are still many who ? sympathise with tbs native of Chicago [ who on getting into a car opened his paper and remarked "1 á- silly war '? anyhow. I wonder what, ace we dghtmg i about ?" Why, oh, why was the Senate in such a hurry to show that they had no army ready, and only winter clothing for recruits ? A STOBT WITH A. PURPOSE. The following lotter was written by the - Abbé Lammenais to a friend previous to the faliof the.YtHeIe Ministry in Prance in 1827. I mention this in case it should bs thought to bava been penned quite re- cently and inspired by the tactics of the Prime Minister e£ Sew South Wales on Federation and otter questions ._-" Do you net think, my deas Amend* that if one were as anxious tL» earfe one's* soul a3 that mam ia to jrimain as Minister, it would be as if ono were already in Heaven? Baft such energy is only for hell-hell in fbis world^oir hell in the next. For I do not think that Ihese can be down there, in the empire of shades, any prison I equal to those official residences so desired and so sought after, at the gates of which stand and watch the ghosts whom Eneas saw at the entrance of the kiàgdom of darkness. Why then, Mr. President, do you require so much pressing? Come now, »little reason-^huti instead of listening,' there ho site counting,; 1 Tote, 2 votes,- : 10 votas, .50 -.votes ! A- minority of ?0! The pen * fails from lus. hand, his head is weighed down he is ab- sorbed hy eonfe great" thought. Then fie begins once more to coant; his face ex- - pands ; he has discovered, a sew combina- tion, a. lav of attraction, hither:» unknown, which will cause the .legislative bodies (they «ie not celestial ladies) co gravitate round their centre, which is himself. Ifc is done ; the Ministerial luuvcrse will go on. ~On the first day be is hopeful, om the second day he is hopeful, intt on the tined, good-bye to the law, good-bye to attraction, good-bye to the universe, gocd-bye to every- thing ! And he says,* At least understand that after me there wül be ao more son, I warn yon at most the moen will remain to you.* This is met by & chorus of voices : ' Long live the moon ! We love the moon I We want the moon ! Give us the moon I' And I think that, willinger no, the sun will have to give place, which would be very ead if we were not already in mid-winter !" 