THE LIGHT THAT CAST "NO SHADOW Curious stories are told about the powers possessed by certain natices of India, who live up among the Himalaya mountains.' These old men, it is said, hare derated scores of years to the study of natural laws and forces, which the rest of the world knows nothing about. Lately a Gertnae professor visited the "adepts," as thesf oueer Hindus are called, for the purpose on finding out the secret of their remarkable performances. They treated him rather scnrrily, but interested him all the same. One day the professor wanted to examine some ancient Sanskrit manuscripts. An adept went with him to a cave wherein the books were kept. The place was dark as the bottom of a welL "I can't see to read, here," said the visitor. •"Then we will have some light," was the reply, and immediately (the professor says) a soft, pearly light brightened the rave He could not tell whence it came, but he noticed that it had one strange quality—it east not th$ slightest thadow.. This is a story haxdto believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learning and high character, and you who bow read it have no reason for doubt except that all the lights you have seen have cast shadows. Belief or unbelief commonly runs parallel with one's own experience. Or. Johnson sniffed at the account of the Lisbon earthquake, yet credited the tale of the Cock Lane ghost. A man who has been ill for years, and failed to find a cure, is soeptioal when friends tell him of a medietas which they believe will make him welL What else hut doubt could result from his experience ? Take an KIn the spring of 1888," writes onr correspondent, -I fell into a low, weak, and languid state. I felt low-spirited and ontot sorts. At first my stomach was deranged, my appetite poor, and after eating I had pain and weight at the chest. I was much troubled with wind, and frequently spat up a Eonr fluid, also bitter bile. Later on I suffered from nervousness an&eieat;'depression of spirits. I kept vp with my work; but had always a sense of discomfort. Off and on I continued in this way fort wo years, nothing that I took relieving me. At last There is a deol of difference between Mr. Griffiths candid letter and the story about the light that casfc.no shadow. The latter may be trots enough, but It cannot be verified without more trouble than it is worth, On the other hand we have a trustworthy witness who will answer letters of inquiry, and can be found at his address. Finally there is nothing mystic or mag- I heaxd of Mother Seigel'6 Syrup, and procured a supply. After X had taken oaly a p i few doses I found relief; my food digested, and gradually all nervousness left me.- AK though I had net reason at Bret to feelany confidence in this medicine, never having used it or seen it used, I now gladly admit its value, and its power over disease.- Since my recovery, for which I thank Mother SeigeVs Curative Syrup, I hare been in tha beet of health and epmt& In the interests of suffering humanity I deem it a duty to send you this testimony. (Signed) D. Griffiths, tailor and outfitter, 15L Hocldey HM, Birmingham, June 8th, 1893." icalaboat Mother SeigeTs Curative Syrup. It acts on the theory .that most ailments are but eymptor^s, forms, or phases of that uniyeixal disease—indigestion anddyspep* ma; it cores that, ngd ^brows the light of health and happiness over hearths and homes where illness and pain had cast such dar£ and terrifying shadows. And $hatis why people believe all thaŁ is told of its success by aager. 'w^taeeseę. Every Prince of Wales is considered of. age immediately after birth, and a chair Is pl&oed; for him on the light of the throne in the. House of Lords.. 1 