NEWCASTLE. THE METHODIST UNION MOVEMENT. CONVENTION AT WICKHAM. A sucoesspÜl~gathebing. NEWCASTLE, Tuesday. A convention of representatives of the Wesleyan, Primitive Methodist, and Free Methodist Churches in the Northern district, in furtherance of the most ment for the consummation of organic union, was held in the Wickham Primitive Methodist Church to-day, and was largely attended. The proceedings opened at 3 o'clock under the presidency of Mr H Charleston The visitors included the Rev H T Burgess, of Adelaide, President of the Wesleyan General Conference the Rev R James, of Sydney, president of the Primitive Methodist Intercolonial Conference ; the Rev Rainsford Bavin, of Ashfield, and the Hon J S Larke, Canadian Commissioner There were also present the Rev H W. T Pincombe, Rev G B Black, On The o Parr, Rev W Wall, Rev T Collier, Rev J B Penman, Rev S Kessell Rev R J Thomas, Pte B Hob- son, Hon J Blanksby, M L C., and Mr. J L Fegan, M L A The Rev O James of Sydney, President of the Primitive Methodist Intercolonial Conference read an interesting and instructive paper entitled "The Methodist Church of to-day its Place Responsibility, and Power " The author in the course of his remarks said that there was a spirit of inquiry abroad which must be taken into consideration it was not an inquiry as to doctrines, but as to the best methods of preventing them Mr J L Fegan, MLA, opened the discussion on the paper, and was followed by the Rev J B Penman and others. The Hon J S Larke, Canadian Commissioner, delivered an interesting discourse on "The Methodism of the Future He repeated many of the arguments adduced by him in the course of his speech at the convention held in the Centenary Hall Sydney, on the previous day, and urged the early consummation of union An interesting discussion, opened by Mr W Willis, followed, and the Rev. H F' Burgess, President of the Wesleyan General Conference, delivered a brief address on the subject At 5 30 the visitors and the congregation sat down to an excellent tea prepared in the schoolroom by the ladies of the various Methodist churches of the district An interim meeting for praise, prayer, and testimony was held at 6 30, and was conducted by the Rev G B Black A mass meeting was held in the Wickham Primitive Methodist Church this evening and the bull ring was crowded Mr J Dixon, F G A Government inspector of collieries, presided, and the visiting and local ministers occupied seats on the platform The proceedings were opened by the usual devotional exercises The Rev Rainsford Bavin, of Ashfield, in the absence of the Rev. W. W Rutledge, delivered an address on the subject of Methodism and the forward movement He saw that the forward movement was not a departure from the Methodist doctrine or policy, but implied a heaven-born call for souls It was very difficult nowadays to win souls, but the forward movement declared its faith in God and in the Holy Ghost The chief feature of the forward movement was wise adaptation of methods and means to secure the end sought The movement also recognised philanthropic work, and believed in caring for the body as well as the soul In concluding he said that, judged by its front the forward movement was worthy of their approval The Rev Theo Parr, M. A. , of the Wickham Primitive Methodist Church, followed with an earnest and appropriate address The Rev li W T Pincombe, of the Newcastle. Wesleyan Church, stated that at a meeting of the Newcastle Ministers' Association, held on the previous day, a resolution had been unanimously carried wishing every success to the new cement for the accomplishment of organic union He also intimated that the non J S Larke had consented to deliver an address in Newcastle on Sunday next on the subject of " Methodist Union in Canada " The Rev H T Burgess, President of the Wesleyan General Conference, debt ered an interesting discourse on the progress of the union movement in the various colonies of Australia, and said that in South Australia it was just possible that union would be an accomplished fact in March next At any rate there might be a partial union In Western Australia union had been practically consummated, and was only awaiting legislative sanction There were very strong reasons for the Methodists of New South Wales to proceed rapidly with the movement, or they would soon be left in the region of retrogression A united Australian Methodism without New South Wales would be as remarkable as a federated Australia without this colony. (Applause ) Votes of thanks brought the proceedings to a close 