POSSESSIONS BRITAIN HAS GIVEN AWAY. CUBA OXCE BELONGED TO US. According to tho typical Continental atatesman, John Bull Ib tho biggest land grabboron tho face of tho globe. Franco and Germany more especially are novor tired of snooring at our alloged " onrth hunger." Indeed, if thoBo latter critics and rivals aro to bo believed, wo havo not only stolon with a free hand in Africa, in America and in Asia, but wo aro only provontod by lack of propor transport facilities from annexing Mars and establishing a pro- teotorato over J upitor. Thero may bo some truth in all this. .The British Empiro has a knack of growing. No ono can dony that. . But, on tho othor hand, we have — within tho last 100 years or so — aotuolly given away what to any other nation would constitute an exceedingly valuable and mfinitoly respectable colonialempire. For inetanco. Our cousins tho Americans, and our old onomies the Spaniards, havo fallen out nbout Cul.a. Tho Island was onco Britain's. So, too, were the Ionian Islands, Tangier, Minorca, Corsica, Ourocoa, Sicily-, Buenos Ayros, Monte Video, Java, Pondiohorry, tho Colobcs, the Moluc cas, to say nothing of half a hundred other valuablo islands,, fertile pro vinces and fortified towns scattered up and down the face of thiB woazened old gloho of ours. And most of thorn wo havo surrendered, ho it remombored, not in obodionco to tho irrosistiblo de mands of euporior forco, hut of our own froo will, nnd in nccordauco most fro- quontly with tho dictates of a grand — u mistaken and quixotic — idea of duty. Take, for oxamplo tho consion of the Ionian Islands in 18C4. We captured them from tho French, nftor a good deal of hard fighting in 1809. Wo ffire them a constitution, built a uni- 1 versify at Corfo, abolished tho vend- otta, and promulgated equal laws for all and sundry ; nnd thon, after more than 50 yoars of educational and civil ising work, nnd tho expenditure of millions of money, we calmly, and without tho shadow of a ghost of com pulsion, handed them over to Greece. It is a deed of which no other nation but England could have been capable, and which is devoutly to bo hoped Eng land will novor repeat. The surrender of Tangior was evon more doplorablo. AVo held it for 21 years, and thon quietly evacuated it at the bidding of a handful of fanatics, led by GayloD, tho sovereign chief of Fez. Colonol Kirke, tho then Gover nor, strongly protested, nnd offered to hold the fortress indefinitely if 500 mon were sent oat from England, together with £5000 to pay them. But the Government . declined. They could they said, afford the men, hut not the money. Tangier would now he con sidered dirt cheap at 60 times £5000, for it lies immediately opposit Gibral- tor, and, possessing both these strong holds, England could absolutely con trol the Straits and effectually seal up tbe Mediterranean. Cuba was taken by us in tho middle of the summer of 1762, at the time when an unusually virulent epidemic of yellow fover was raging. AVe lost 5000 men in five weeks. Bat we stuck to our guns and triumphed, in the good old Bturdy British fashion. AVhnt our soldiors gained with one hand, how ever, our statement garb away with tho othor. A year later, just when the island had becomo pacified, and the elements of good government estab lished, our hard won possession was handed back to the horrors of Spanish rule— horrors from which it soems only now likely to emergo. An even more reprehensible national crime was the surrender of tho Philip pines to the Bame blood-stained gang, for not tho most bigoted of the Little Englanders of that day and generation could have been ignorant of how vastly important the Islands must necessarily bocomo to us. Moroovor, Spain was soundly thrashed in a selfish war of her own seeking, and would havo accepted poaco on almost any torms. Yet wo handed over the conquered possessions for a paltry £800,000— not a single penny of which, by tho byo, was ovor paid; To many visitors to Westminster Abbey it doubtless seems strange that one of tho most magnificont tombs in our national mausoleum should boar the name of General Stanhope. To tho man in the stroet, at tho present day, the cognomen means nothing. To our forefathers of a goueration or two ago, however, it meant much. For Stanhopo was tho conqueror of Minorca ; and Minorca, as has been woll romarkod, was tho Malta of the eighteenth century. We took it in 1708, and held it off and for the host part of a century, at tho ond of which timo it was handed over to tho Spaniards. Apparently they got it because thejr asked for it. At all events, no historian has ever as signed any more cogent reason. Our extraordinary complaisance in this re spect is the more curious bocauso wo had previously thought so highly of tho island that, for morely failing to relievo tho garrison, we had poor old Admiral Byng triod by court martial, and shot on tho quarter-deck of his own flag ship. Corsica occupied a slightly different position, as a aependoncy, from Min orca, insomuch that its inhabitants had themselves placed their Island under British protection, and olected Georgo III. as their king. It was ours, froo gratis and for nothing. It did not eost us the life of a single soldier, or the expondituro of a solitary penny >ioco. Nevertheless, we thought so Ittle of it that, after governing it for three yoars, wo withdraw our troops, and loft it to tho moroy of the Frenoh, who, needless to say, promptly annexed it, and in whoso possession it has been ever since. Uanouely enough, during the three yoars that the British flag flew about the ramparts of Ajaccio, Napoleon 1. was a resident in the city, and was therefore, during that space of time, a British subjeot. And while on the subject of Oorsioa, it may bo mention ed what we seem always to have had a peculiar penohant for giving away places in the Mediterranean. In ad dition to Tangior, tho Ionian Island, Oorsica and Minorca, concerning all of which mention has already been made, wo also owned, at different peri ods, Sardinia, Sicily, and Elba. But we let them all slip. In the samo way, and quite re cently, wo parted with Heligoland to Gormany. In this case, it is true, we aro supposed to havo roreived a quid pro quo in Africa ; hut it would pro bably puzzle any one, save perhaps a professional politician, to say exactly in what it oonsisted. 