AN AERIAL PHANTOM; Oa, THE MIBAGE. (WTrrTrEErPECUALLroaTBHE GArBDAen.) Amongst the strangest of all natural' phenomena may be included that re markable optical effect known as the mirage, or fats morganas. The cause which produces this singular and some what rare spectacle is at present but imperfectly understood; it is however assumed that an aqueous condition of the atmosphere must exist, sufficiently dense as to form a sort of mirror, more or less concave, upon which the objects in the vicinity are reflected and magni fied, the apparent effect being that they are brought appreciably nearer to the beholder. The writer has on two occa sions been fortunate in witnessing this bhenomenon in the South of England. k considerable number of ships were saiiing on the horizon, when gradually a most extraordinary appearance pre sented itself, for over each vessel ap peared an inverted duplicate, a veritable phantom ship, the top of the mainmast resting upon the corresponding part of the real ship. As the vessel tacked, so the course of the phantom was altered : as a sail was lowered, so the phantom sailors, standing on their heads, lowered a phantom sail; every movement of the real and substantial vessel being ex actly Imitated by its spectral com panion; the one, however, being ap parently equally real and solid as the other. Every vessel in eight had its double, following it about overhead as a liing nightmare; every sailor on deck had an inverted ghost, who copied his every movement with exact preci sion; if he ran up the ratlines the spectre ran down to meet him, return ing upwards to his overhanging deck when the living sailor decanded. If he sauinted his superior officer the spectre did the same at the same moment, as if the two were animated by the same power. After a time all this vanished away, and, "* Like the baseless fabric of a vision, Left not a wraith behind." Occasionally this phenomenon is ob serred to invert high in air objects far below the horizon, bringing them with in the range of vision of an observer situated far beyond the natural range. In this way some of Sir John Frank lin's ships were discovered; and in the English Channel, Dieppe has been seen from Dover, even the fishing boats in the harbour, the buildings, and the different colour of the land on the heights being also visible. Of course. this was ordinarily quite out of eight, being below the horizon. This form of mirage occasionally happens in the desert in a most tanta lising manner. for the weary traveller sees. a short distance in front of him, a beautiful oasis. palms waving in a re freshing breeze, which be feels not in the sultry, heavy air. green grass on which be hopes to regale his exhausted camels, pools of delicious water rip pling in the moving air, to which he hurries on in order to assuage his burning thirst, and to bathe his heated and weary limbs. Eagerly he presses forward, impetuous for a draught of that cool and grateful liquid, when to his dismay and hopeless despair he finds that it was all but a tantalising illusion, which has faded away into nothing, dashing all his hopes of pleasure to the ground, and leaving him to plod his weary way over the hot. burning sand. And do not very many of us in our pursuit of pleasure exactly repeat this traveller's experience, and find that the pleasure we had been eagerly pursuing, to the eternal ruin of soul and body, was but an insubstantial mirage. which eluded our ardent grasp, and left as a panting and exhausted wreck, ruined both for this world and the next ? But there are pleasures, solid and lasting pleasures, so ecstatic that the mind of man is incapable even of conceiving their overwhelming glory, which are accessible to all who care to possess them. And the only way to secure an inheritance to those pleasures is to " Fear God, end keep His command ments," the atonement made once for all by the Saviour of the world being a sure and absolute passport to all who will but accept it. _. . . . 