Terrible Burning Accident. A SYDNEY MAN FALLS ON A HOT 1 STEAM-PIPE IN A BATH. HIS FLESH ADHERED TO THE PIPE LIKE A STAKE TO A FRYING PAN. AN "AWFUL SIGHT. While iu a bath iu Pitt-street, a Mr. Jarvis had the misfortune to slip and fall oa the hot water pipes, and before he could be rescued he was scalded and burnt in a terrible way. The shock of the burning, .and the fall proved to be very disastrous for Mr. Jarvis, and for a num ber of years after he was a confirmed invalid, suffering terribly from locomotor ataxia and other forms of paralysis; . A few months ago, however, reports began to be circnlated in the neighborhood that Mr. Jarvis was getting around again, and that he bad a most ^marvellous recovery from his apparently incurable malady. Il was on account of these rumors that a special reporter from the Sydney Worl&r; was despatched to get all information re garding same, and <one afternoon he made his way to his house, 45 Crown-lane, .tlltimo. Mr. Thomas Jarvis was dis covered nursing a two-year-old baby, and bis face 'declared him one of the happiest men in Sydney, He was up and about, and .able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still few marks of a critical illness and a period of pain, it was very clear that lie was an invalid no more. In reply to the preliminary questions he said.—" You want to know all about my case ? Well, I:am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facJts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." V How. long were you suffering ?" " Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing Bince then. About five years ago next Christmas I met with an accident ;I was badly scalded while j taking, a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. 1 Since the accident I have been in failing j health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced i to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." ■ *• What were the symptoms ?" i " Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were jnst about as much Us I conld boar. They were lor all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nnisance to myself arid everyone else. I was in- i cessantlyshiyering and ahakiog,;and could jbeither eat hoc sleep.- On the 23rd March last Tsaw sir'well-known' doctor,' and be told me that my "ease was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to tbe Director of Charitable Institutions." : *' Did you make use of the order ?" ! " No ; I came home and went to bed, i and have becnpretty, well in bed ever 'since. f Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in.fact, I could not get ont of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when . I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to1 ease the agony I was in., I was under him .Tor five of six weeks, He came to i the- conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxia, of progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease or the spinal' chord,, characterized by peculiar disturbances of. gait, and difficulty in co-ordinating volun tary movements. He told me that 1 might last for ten years- and mightnever get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well,-just as a drowning man .will grasp at a straw, J. graeped at an idea conveyed by the ad vertisement describing the cure effected case fot asotoa' boiler-maker in iEpgland,. which I read in the Australian Tfflprknwn, by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills Ifor; Pale People* I read in the advertise ment of a.case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the pills a trialSanyway, and sent for a box. The effect-was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many 'a day. It was incredible* I immediately Jeft the bed and was able to move about. You see those crutches there? They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. Tbey were made for me before I got Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, but I was ; too weak to use them, and now I don't want them." . '"Be is 100 per cent, better," said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. "The Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People have saved his life, and made another man of him." A friend who called in at this point said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previous. " I can now," continued Jarvis, 'have a cold bath, and all the feeling lias come back into, my legs. I ascribe all the change and benefit- to Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. Tbey have saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden, the excruciat ing pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Every body who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly be lieve their eyes.. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." ■Such is this remarkable history, and it confirms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this country of the as 1 tonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They have cured, locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders ! which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as anaemia, pale aud sallow complexions, general muscular weakness, loss of appetite, shortness of. breath, pains in the back, tieryous head ache, etc. Mr. J. 8. T. M'Gowen, leader of the Labor Party in the N.S.W. Legislative Assembly, was seen by our reporter in connection with the remarkable case of Thomas Jarvis. Mr. Mc'Gowen says he has known Jarvis from infancy. He also knew that be had to give up his work at Glebe Island abattoirs twelve months ago owing to a malady which he developed. He afterwards beard that Jarvis was bed , ridden, and that there was little chance of his recovery. He understood Jarvis was refused admission to Sydney Hos pital, ashis case had been pronounced in curable. Mr. McGowen was, therefore, like everyone else who knew the facts, astounded at the complete recovery of Jarvis. These wonderful pills are obtainable from leading chemists, or from the Dr. j Williams' Medicine Co., Queen's Place, Sydney, who will forward (po3t paid) on receipt of stamps or post order, one box for 2s 9d, or half-dozen for 15s 3d. See that the genuine Dr. Williams' are got ten. Platt-Betts lowered the ten-mile Australian cycling record on the Sydney Cricket Ground on Taesday evening, doing the distance in 19 min. 17 sees. Br. Harmer, the Anglican Bishop of Ade laide, returned from England by the E. M. S , Cusko on Wednesday. Had "Joe" Darling, the Adelaide batsman, beaten Murdoch's score in the third test (says the Critic) he would have been richer by £200. Both his father and Sir E. T. Smith had promised him a cheque for £100 if he managed the feat. But, ap> parently, being photoed at the wickets before he commenced his second day's attack broke his luck. A fire occurred in an oil refinery at Newcastle (England) the other day, which was attended with fatal results. The flames caused the explosion of a ; tank containing 16 tons of creosote, and two workmen were killed and 100 persons, most of them spectators, were more or less seriously injured. The Egyptian Government has sold to Messrs. Allan & Aldersoa all the Khedivial steamers, and the floating dock at Alexandria, together with the local workshops and warehouses, for the sum of £150,000. The purchasers have undertaken to construct a new graving dock at Alexandtia. Tbe United States Senate has adopted a resolution by a large majority favouring all American bonds being payable at the Treasury either in gold or Biivcr. Major McKinley, the President of the United States, attended a banquet in New York at which a number of millionaires, representing at least a billion's worth of capital, were also present. In the ceurse of bis address tbe President declared that he intended to adhere to the financial plank of his party adopted at the St. Louis Convention last year, This notification was received by those in attendance with tremendous cheer ing. The President's speech is re garded as an absolute pledge that the United States Government will abide by a gold standard. A local cricket enthusiast had a re markable dream the other night. He dreamt that Clem Hill bad increased bis Saturday's score by six runs in the test match, and first thing on Monday morning he went to the Post Office and told the officials there. Sure enough during the day-the news was flashed along the wires that Hill had only put on half-a-dozen rnns to his previous total. Mr. H. W. Morris has sustained a heavy loss in the death of his fine stallion Abrupt, by Lockleys from Heyden, which was found dead some days ago in a paddock at Bowoka with one of his. fore-legs broken in three places. It is not known how the accident occurced. The Nhill annual race Meeting was held last Thursday week. Kronos won the Trial Stakes, Rob Boy the Hurdlerace, Bismarck (Whelan's) the Flying Handicap, New Chum the Nhill Handicap with Miss Cassidy (C. Watson's) second, and Bismarck third. Kandy Koola the Final Flutter, Miss Cassidy the Publicans' Purse, and Ballarat the Consolation Stakes. The gunboats attached to the Anglo Egyptian expedition under Sir H. H. Kitchener advanced last week as far as the sixth cataract on the Nile, but were compelled to retire owing to the precision and heaviness of the Dervish fire. The natives were armed with quick-firing Krupp guns, which they used with great effect, and the pro gress of the boats was stopped by chains stretched across the river and blocking the channel. In order to enable Trott and other playei-s to take part in the match against the Englishmen at Brisbane, the fifth test match has been post poned till February 26. It is reported that two miners have unearthed 10,000 oz.ef alluvial gold near Bailey's mine at Coolgardie. The total receipts of the Melbourne Tram and Omnibus Company for the half-year amounted to £181,207, an increase of £5,479 as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year. 