CAPTURE OF KHARTOUM A BIG FIGHT' PROBABLE. Sill CHARLES ]1OLLED 1SMITH'S OPINION. The advance of General Kitchener's Anglo-Egyptian. force on. Khartoum and Omdurman has commenced, and it can be but a short while till news comes of the conflict at. the junction of the White and Blud Nile. The opinion of- the Victorian. Military Comandant, Major-General Sir Charles Holled Smith; was sought in a pro phetic sense, as they General has had ample experience of Sondan warfare. The Commandant said that there could not be smallest doubt as to the result of the conflict. General Kitchener had enough troops to take the place twice over. In addition to this, he had the invaluable assistance of the gunboats, which could steam up past Omdurman and shell the place while the land attack was being made upon it. "What about. those twelve feet thick mud walls?" asked the "lerald" man, doubtfully. "They are diflicult, I admit," said the General, "because they olfer no nre sistance; so that shells sta- iking themn do not. burst. Even; if they did, they wouldn't do much harm, beyond send ing a lot bf mud flying. Still, tlhe result is a. foregonre conclusion. At the same time, I don't say that there won't be considerable loss of life, be cause I think there will." "Do you think the KhaJifa will be captured?" "Not a ghost of a show of it, in my opinion. Our friend, the Khali(a, will take up a. position on some eminence, and watch the battile from arfar off. When he sees things are going against him' he will make the usual selection of favourite wives and valuables, and bolt to Kordofan." "Well, but Sir Charles. didn't you see that in spite of the Sheiks offer ing the Khalifa an atylum in Kordo fan the people there had. asked the Sirdar to occupy that country, as they had had enough of the Khalifa?" "I saw it," said the General, "in the newspapers, but how do we know that there is anything in: it? I have seen things in the paper," he added senten tiously, "which subsequent i.nvest.iga. 4ion has proved to be untrue. No, you take my word for it, the Khalifa will get away, and so will our bJd friend Osman." "You nearly had Osmanl once, Sir Charles?"-"Yes. I mhist have been very close to him at Korti, and he only stopped at that place, to get his valu ables and his favourite wife, and then made for Kassala. I heard afterwards tha.t he had to walk on. foot the whole way to Kassala. That. must have been very annoying for a man. in hie position instead of the. comfortable donkey." "Supposing General Kitchener were lucIk enough to get, the Khalifa, what would be his fame 9" "Oh, that's hard to say. Of course if he got what he richly deserved he'd be langed to the nearest tree. That man has been the cause of more blood shed and misery ,an the Soudan than anyone else, not to mention his con stant massacre and murderings. Of course that is the way of keeping up discipline, but i t is not our idea. It he were caught, I rather suspect he'd be figuratively dragged at the victor's chariot tail. However, as he won't be captured, I don't think its much use discussing it. The Baggaras will stick to him as they have done all through." "Then you think there will be a fight a.t Omdurman?" "Yes. I think the liggaras will make a stand, though possibly the Khalifa's best plan would be really to retire withk his force intact. Certain it is that the Baggaras will not come in and surren.der. 'They will either fight or bolt. Naturally the place will have to be stormed at the Inst.;and no doubt there will be considerable loss of life, in thsait. On the other hand you have to think of the strength. of the respec tive forces. We have 20,000 infantry, alone, with a proportion of guns and cavalry. Whatever number the Kha lifa's force is set down at it includes everyone, boys and immature youths. I suppose if an army doctor were to make an inspection of their nanks he would reject one-half of them." The General concludes by suggesting that it was quite likely that the Sir dar might make Khartoum his first ob jective point, and, seizing it, attack Omdurman from there. To sum up the whole, the victory with Kitche ner's force was a centainty, equally cer tain that there would be considerable loss of life, and that the Khali-fa and Osman would succeed in showing a clean pair of heels. 