HOW LIGHT TRAVELS. Light, as a traveller, in point of rapidity is only rivalled by electricity, its speed being so vast that it is only when we have to deal with the enormous distance stretching-be-. vweeii us unci our bquj asu mo x&r; grcntor ones between our system and the myriad others wMch dot onr skies with the fixed stars, that appreciable ; periods of the time" come in play. A ray of light sent to us from our sun, for instance, traverses toe inter vening space of some 95,000,000 miles in about eight minutes — that is, at the rate of over 180,000 miles per second, so that about one -eighth of a. stogie second will suffice to flash a sunbeam right round the world if a series of mirrors oould be arranged to reflect it from point to point on its; surface. This enormous speed appears still more wonderful when we consider that light makes its. way through space by means of waves, so that the ray, by pursuing a wavy line instead of a perfectly straight one, really travels much farther, and has besides to perform an in finity of work in generating these waves or vibrations as it proceeds. These waves are also marvellous'in their minuteness and their ' varied Character, since the white beam of light 'which strikes our eye in the sunbeam : is made up by a whole host of waves of dif ferent lengths, each length by itself having a ctiiierent colour, tnongn the blend of the whole is white. Hence, if we pass the ray of light through a piece _ of glass cut with three sides, and known as a prism, we get an ;artificial rain bow, "owing to glass eo cut having the sin gular property of sorting out the : different kinds of wave's as they pass through; it .and thiie separately displaying their particular tints. These tints are always- arranged in the same order— viz., dark red at one end, merging gradually, through grange, yellow, .4 green, and blue, into dark violet at the other, .beyond which visible limit other waves make their presence felt as heat, which is part, and parcel 6f the ray. 'We thus see th'at:-in considering how the light rays travel we must regard it not so much as an individual travelling party, all bent on the .beneficent mission of not merely lighting and- warming the earth into life and activity, but also add ing toe charm of brilliant colouring to the beauty of form developed under their auspices. - Taking, however, the sunray as onr typical traveller, we have seen that it originates from an impulse given by the glowing sun, which first -creates a series of waves or vibrations, and then impels these across a space of many millions of miles. Now, pre cisely here we strike one of the greatest mysteries with which our scientists are trying to cope, and that is the nature of the medium or the road by which these waves can jour ney. This must stretoh not merely all the the way from here to the sun, but also into the farthest realms of space in which stars are visible to ua, because all light is found to travel by waves, and to be of practically the .same nature. If we throw a stone into a pond wa.ves result which travel through the water ; if we fire a pistol, sound or air waves result which travel through the air ; if we streteh a wire, or string, and strike one end of it, waves will run along to the other end, and in all these cases we find an unbroken series of links, as it were, existing between one wave and another, and an appreciable medium by which thoy travel. "In space, however, there is absolutely nothing existing which we can deteot as having weight or any substantial quality whatever ; our finest astronomical calculations work out as exactly ob if nothing at all existed beyond the limits of our atmosphere, though the lightest gas (known would hinder 'the motions of the planets in a very maiked fashion indeed. Waves, however, cannot exist without a 1 . medium, they must travel along something, and henco scientists are driven to the con clusion that all space is filled with an incon ceivably thin body which they call Ether, through which, and by means of which, these compact little communities of light waves reach us, not only from onr own sun, moon and placets, but from all the other luminous bodies which fill the heavens. The Ether being perforce taken for granted, we are brought face to face with another stupendous fact regarding the travelling powers of light cays, and that is their stay ing power over long journeys. Judging by the watery or serial waves we have oited, there seems to be a limit to tbeir travelling ; were the Pacific ocean as still as a millpond we should not expect a pebble cast into it at the equator to produce an appreciable wave into the Arctio regions, and pound waves do not travel very far before dying out. What, then, must we think of these infinitely smaller waves of light which come to us from the the fixed stars, some of which they left centuries, ago, and, after travelling the whole time at the full speed of 180,000 miles and more per second, can yet strike the eye of the astronomer or print their image on his photographic plate with unabated energy? This again impresses us with the marvellously thin nature of the eth6r of " space, which through all this long journey f has'failed to dim or Weaken the ray in the slightest'degree. Light, too, as a. traveller, is ,;nqt.only capable of traversing space and our atmosphere, but ",ghs at the adamantine surface of the diamond itself as a typo pf. a. thousand trans»- parent bodies. . The ray and the Ether alike pass through the closely set atoms of ' the gem without other effect than the sorting out process which produces the brilliant play of colour we know of. Into all bodies, transparent or not, some of the light waves penetrate, while others tore thrown off, and it is these latter which, striking then upon our eye, finish their long journey by picturing within our brain not only the myriad tints which surround us but also the forms of everything we see'. We say .'evertbing' advisedly, for all the beauty we gd joy, Bave the light of the starry hosts or the transient heavenly visitors, comets or meteors, is due directly or indirectly to the sun's rays. Oar artificial lights — oil, tallow, gas, or even electric— are all pale ghosts of the beams of long ago, whose light" and warmth built up the coal, petroleum, or other deposits whence we now derive our illu- minants. 