Short Story. The Fortune of Fullwood. i Comparatively True tihost Story. Although I foear the common and somewhat plebeian name of .Tdlvn Smith, I can, through my mother's family, reckon kith and kin with half the noble houses of Scotland, and boast that near a score of my ancestors have ?? ms8ea me maiden, ? or 'Deen nangea, drawn, and quartered after the good did etyle of putting the closure on ' ex cited politicians.' Those of my readers who are themselves of ancient lineage may, therefore, appreciate the feelings with which I found myself la-st spring, for the first time as I then thought, under .my ancestral roof. I had been summoned to Fullwood House by Sir Francis Fleming of that ilk, to whom I etand in the relationship of third couuin once removed. Fullwood House, a very romantic old place Situated on the left bank of the Clyde, not far from the uppermost cataract, came quite up to my notion of what the home of such a family as ours should be. It Is true that Sir Francis himself rather disappointed me, he being a little, withered person, very absent-minded, and a thorough bookworm ; but, on the other hand, his daughter Margaret, his only child, was a worthy representative of the house of Iteming—' a daughter of the gods, divinely tall, and mose divinely fair.' Need I say that I fell in love with her ? At all events I fancied myself in love. At night I was sitting alone In my room trying to convince myself that since all Is fair in love and war I was entitled to do my best to cut out John Johnson, her liaucee, who waa then in Johannesburg. What ' was he after all ! that he should become the head of the I bouse of Fleming by marrying the heiress ? If he had a pedigree I had never heard of it ; so far as I, or aiiy- 1 body else knew, his only claim on the ? consideration of the Flemings was that Sir John Fleming, the former laird, bad been his guardian. As for me, I was the next heir after Margaret herself, and had I not then the better right to her ?. My meditations were- interrupted by the entrance of old Tom Danafole, | the butler, with a nightcap for me ; and while I. was testing the quality of that article he asked me whether I was afraid of ghosts. I replied that I was not, bring Indeed a hardened sceptic in the matter of epodks. Then I asked him if the house was supposed to be haunted. . : ' Ye would notice yon armour in the library 5' Tom said. I nodded in the affirmative. The, ar mour he referred to could hardly pass unnoticed. From its size It must have belo:;;..a to a gigantic man. Sir Francis h.U cold me that 1t was believed to have been worn by Sir David Fleming, the crusader as he was called, at the b.utle of Bannockburn. y ' It's his ghaist — uuld Sir Dauvlfti,' rejoined Tom. ' Sometimes ye'Jl see his e'en glowerlu' at ye oot o' the hclinflt. ' It's a fearsome slcht. I saw't aince. i That was ae night- I'd been up at the touu. I had been haeiii' a glass or twne. . wV the minister's man, but I was deid sober. That's what we're hauntit wl1 — Sir Dauvit's ghaist that watches.' 'Watches what ?' I asked. 'The goold,' replied the old man, dropping his voice to a whisper, ' the , goold that was laid by at the time o' Trlnce Charlie by auld Sir Robert,, and has ne'er been iseen since. But— I maun ? gang.' :- ' j Whereupon the old niton hurried o£f as If it had suddenly struck him that he had said too much, leaving me a little ' disappointed. ? : 'Surely,' I said .to .myself, 'surely the old buffer doesn't think I'd sku ilnddle with the donjon keep and Vhe portcullis 'for the sake of the ' goold.' 1 dare say J. might try to steal the whole blooming establishment for the sake of ge;tlng JKas F., but ? ' I ' ' Saint-seducing gold 1' It was a fairly apt sentiment, though ! I must confess I am not a saint, and I.j turned to see who had spoken, when I beheld a warrior of ; the ancient time clad in the very armour I had seen In \ the library. The v!aor of his helmet; tv.18.iip, and 'I could see his face dls- ' 4!In«tly; it was a masculine copy of '' Margaret FIuiiiiiiK'B features. j ' Dost not fear me V' he , queried . with a rafher prim smile. ' I dost not,' I answered straight off, nnd it was quite true. I have not nerves of steel, but really I felt quite ! at ease. ' A living dbg is better than a ! dead lion,' I added. ' I am a living ' man, and you— you're only a spook. Yonr bones are dust, and your soul is with the saints, I trust— anyway It should be.' 'By my ihal'idome, thou hast a pretty wit,' retorted the ghost. ' XatheleHB, ' there are more things In .heaven and ' earth than are dreamed of in your philo sophy.' ' Apparently there are,' I remarked. 'It certainly beats me. to hear a four-, teeuth century ghost quoting Shaks peare.' '' Sha'kspeare, say'st tliou?' exclaimed the ghost. ' By'r lady, I could a tale ' unfold— but cease thy prating and fol low me.' iMy Ironclad visitor stalked off and I followed him, wondering the while why the whole house was not alarmed by the dunking and clattering he made. But we were not disturbed. IIHvjng reached the ground floor the ghost turned Into a long, dark corridor, which, as I had been told earlier iu the -day, led to the north wing. I had not yet paid a visit to this section of the house, nevertheless, as my eyes became weeus? tomed to the gloom, tine places we were traversing seemed to assume a familiar look, and when we emerged from the passage Into a room I felt quite certain that I knew the apartment. This plnco was almost square, and had a large Gothic window on the east side— that lu to say, to the right hand side of the door by which we entered. The wall was lined with portraits, anil I remem ber as I looked round that I said to myself — 'This in the portrait-room.' (Meanwhile the ghost marched almost round the room, starting to the left from the door, and halting at the window be fore mentioned, to which he turned his back, and so faced me as I stood Iu the middle of the floor. ' Hero,' he wild, ' is my pout till the full moon rises behind Tinto and shows her face above the Tree of Doom. Watch thou for the sign. Farewell.' Then lie disappeared in the twinkling of an eye. ?' Of course it was a divam. I did not mke long to grasp that fact when I found myself where old Tom had left me shivering before an expiring fire. {s'ext tnorulug, 3U- Francis being Ill disposed and unaJMe to talk about the private business wWch was the cause of my being there, I was dawdling ' about badly in want of something to do ' when Miss Fleming came to my rescue by offering to show me the family j portraits. To my surprise she took me I to the very place I had seen iu my dream, and she called it by the very name I had given it in my dream— 'the portrait-room.' 'Th'te place seems quite familiar to me,' 1 remarked after looking round. ' Only,' I added, thinking about the ghost, ' there seems to be something Wmrtlnff *' ' Perhaips you were here before,' Mies Fleming suggested. ' I don't think I ever was,' I re plied. iShe moved across the room to tflie place where the ghost had taken ita stand, and there halted. 'The suit of armour now In the library used to stand just here,' she said. ' We had to remove It on account of some ridiculous stories.' ' 'Indeed ?' ' Yes,' she continued, ' it was said that the original owner of the armour | came sometimes and got into it, and then promenaded round the Tree of Doom.' 'The Tree of Doom!' I echoed, 'what ! Is that ?' ' You can see It from the window,' said Miss Fleming. She pointed to an elm tree, apparently very old, which stood on the lawn about twenty yards off. This was another point of my dream that had ' come true' in a manner. I began to feel a little nervous, and I was soon to get another shock. Miss Flem'ing wbb going round the room telling me about the different portraits when she halted before one that hung by itself a't the north end of the west wall— the darkest corner of the room. ' Tliis,' she aaid, ' Is Sir Robert ? Flennng. Two of his brothers, John ? and Frank, were aut with Prince ' Chaiflie, and the story goes that he col lected all the family plate and jewels after the failure of the enterprise, meaning to smuggle the stuff out of the ! country as a contribution towards the . expense of another attempt. The things were hid until a chance should arise of getting them away, but the chance . never came, and they remained con- j cealed.' i ' Do you believe that story ?' I ; queried. '? ' il am . bound to believe about the hiding of the things. We know of articles of value that disappeared about that rime. 'But,' she added with a sigh, ' I wish that was all we had lost. You have heard of fbM Fortune of Full wood ?' | I replied that I had heard of it, and ; meant to ask for a sight of it before I left. It is a famous charm, the Fortune ' of Fullwood— a brooch, the stone of whldh 'was (brought by Sir David, called the Crusader, from the Holy Land. According to the legend,: if anything went wrong with the charm, if the stone chanced to be broken or lost,1 the doom of the family was sealed. 'The Fortune has disappeared,' said Margaret In tragic tones. ' You know : w'hat that means— the family is doomed. ! After my father there will be no more Flemings of Fullwood.' I felt Inclined to laugh, but the girl appeared to ibe quite earnest in her j belief. | ' If I thought,' she continued, ' that \ the Fortune was anywhere about the] house I would have the whole building i taken to pieces, stone by stone. But I j do not think it is in the house at all. I have searched everywhere, and I'm sure I know every nook and cranny of It.' An idea struck me. ' Did you find,' I asked, ' any place where the plate and jewels might have been concealed ?' 'No. Why?' ' Because the Fortune might have been put beside them.' ' Impossible !' she exclaimed. ' The Fortune— 'but wait— yes, the Fortune disappeared in my uncle's time. He way a 'bachelor, and for a long time before he died he was. queer. I have been told that when he was dying he j tried to tell uny father something about ! the hidden plate, but could not. What is your Idea V' . ' He may h'ave hid the charm him self,' I said. ' Perhaps he found out where the plate had ibeen laid away and put the Fortune beside It.' Then, with many blushes, and the un easy suspicion that I was making an ass of myself, I told Miss Fleming about the visrtt I h'ad had from the ghost. She did not laugh ; on the con trary, she was quite grave, and I took j heart of grace to point out one or two significant things ? in the dream. No doubt, I said, .Tom Jjanajble's story sug gested the dream about the ghost, but there was ndthlng in his story to ex plain my familiarity with the. room, nor to suggest the idea of what the ghost had said. ' It was a revelation,' said Margaret decidedly. ' This is the time of the full moon. I shall have the armour pu't bade into its former place, and this very night I shall wa'tch along with you for the sign.' The only definite recollection I have for the remainder of that day up to 7 o'clock in Hie evening is that 'I thought it was very queer to find an up-to-date young woman like Margaret Fleming wit'li such a strong streak of supersti tion in her composition. My eyes have since been opened to the fact that such iibnonnaHl'tlfB are by no means uncom mon. However, 7 o'clock found us in the portrait-room waiting for the ' sign.' ^By-and-by tihe moon appeared from behind the massive bulk of Tlnto, and ! slowly — painfully slowly — mounted the heavens. 'It plunged into a bank of | clouds, and II was within an ace of say ing something ?strong when It emerged, showing directly over the Tree of Doom, and t))i'o\viuK n ftopd of light into the apartment where we were, H Hhono fn, and that wan all. I do believe I ex pected .some sort of explosion. ' hook, look !' extflalmed Margaret, patching my arm and pointing into the far-a.wuy ooi'imr, 'Yes,' she added almost in Clio same breath, ' that mupf be the sign.' This Is what we saw. When the moon was directly over the.elm tree the moon boams were thrown from the window diagonally across t'he portrait-room Into the corner where Sir Itdbert'e portrait hung, ibujt fljo shadow of the armour Ht'n ndilug at the window was thrown In the sa'me direction in such a way as to edWpse the portrait. At Miss Fleming's command I took down the portrait while she lighted up the room. Thon, before I could fonm any idea of what she was going to do next, slio had taken old .Sir David's battle-axe and let drive at the panel ling which had been covered with tijo picture. The axt- .(.-rashed right through the wood ; there was a hollow in the wall there. To tear away the shattered wood was easy, the operation revealing %, JUOe abajaiber wwjtroc^ |« what. appeared from the outside to be a solid buttress. In this li'ldlng-jVlace were two boxes— one about ftft. long by art. deop and wide, and strongly hound with iron; the other bearing a strong resemblance to a lady's worklbox or a folding desk. Margaret laid open the smaller box with her ibattle-axe and gave a cry of Joy to find that it contained the Fortune of FulJwood. The other box was open ed later on lu the presence of Sir Fran cis, and was found to contain several pieces of plate, 'but the value of the find was nothJLng like the value of what h'ad been 'hid— the traditional value, that is. Perhaps Sir John Fleming, the brother and predecessor of the present laird, had dra'wn on the treasure at the time he entered the secret chamber to hide there the Fortune of Fullwood. As I do not \Vant to be interviewed by psychical researchers I shall now ex plain the ' ghost' to the best of my ability. When I wont home I told my uncle James, who is a bit of a philo sopher, all albout the affair, and he told me tha't some months before the death of Sir John Fleming my father had taken me with him when he paid & visit to Fullwood. On his return my father told my uncle all about the house, and about the legend of the hidden trea sure ; he also mentioned that I had been greatly taken up wiltb the suit of ar mour in the ' portrait-room.' My uncle had forgotten all albout this until I told him /my story ; but, as he remarked, it was doubtless the memory of my visit in early childhood to Fullwood, and of hearing at tlra't time the story of the ghost and the Tree of Doom, that had came back to me to round off the dreiiiu. suggested by the words of old Tom Dunabie.— ' Weekly Scotsman.' 