tallangatta district. 1 TFBOM THE UPPER MURRAY HERALD. The head of the Local Government branch of the Public \V orks Department has ruled that shire councillors make their seats liable to forfeiture by accepting a fee for their services as returnipg-officers. The disqualification by the Bethanga Racing Club of F. Devlin and A. Kerrigan for one month from December 30, for suspicious riding, was on Friday endorsed t>y tne v.rc.u. committee. We regret to learn of the death of Miss I Mary Armstrong, eldest daughter of Mr. 1 Alexander Armstrong, storekeeper, of Lower Bethanga, which sad event took place on Tuesday. The cause of death was consumption. Deceased was about | 26 years of age. During the past week two infants have died at Tallangatta, their deaths being due to infantile disorders accentuated by the great heat. On Friday Mr. C. Banks lost a four- months-old infant, and on Tuesday Mr. J. Burns's baby, aged four months, also succumbed. There is still prevalent a good deal of sickness of a mild character. A correspondent complains of the dan gerous practice which appears to be get- 1 tiug prevalent of dumping rubbish, glass I bottles, &c.;, on the public roads. These 1 rubbish heaps, besides causing horses to 1 shy, are a source of danger otherwise, as a valuable hack may be irreparably injured through treading upon broken glass. The mounds of miscellaneous refuse are also decided eyesores. Our correspondent suggests that the Shire Council should take steps to prevent the public roads being converted into "tips," by making an example of anyone caught so offending. Mr. Wright, Towong shire engineer, proceeded to Melbourne last week and interviewed the Secretary for Mines m connection with the Dark River road. The plans and specifications of the pro posed roadworks were loft with the de partmental officials for inspection. Mr. Wriaht's interview with the Secretary for .Mines was of a satisfactory nature, the details of which will be reported to the shire council at its next meeting. I At the Tallangatta Police Court on I Wednesday, before Messrs. Peterkin and I Jarman, J.'sP., the adjourned case of I Police v. Jas. Swauton was heard. Mr. I S wanton was charged by Constable .Morey with "knowingly causing cruelty to bo indicted upon a horse." The horse in I question is the same in respect of which I a youth in defendant's employ was last I week fined for cruelly using. Defendant I stated he had no knowledge of the horse being in a condition unfit for work. He knew that the horse was a rank jib. The Bench imposed a fine of 5s. There was no other business. In connection with the recent matricu lation examinations we note the name of George Peacock, of Osborne's Flat, as having passed. This lad, though still young, has commenced to carve out a name for himself educationally. At the be ginning of 1896 (his teacher previously having been the late Mr. Morrison, of Osborne's Flat), he gained a high place among the candidates for the Surrey College scholarships, the Rev. Fredk. A. Darling, priucipal. of Surrey College, Surrey Bills, awarding him a scholarship. Be entered into residence at this in stitution and after 21 months' tuition there gained the honor of being the proxime accessit to the dux, Miles A. Gabriel, who with Peacock has now been successful in matriculating. As most candidates for this exam, only pass on a second or third attempt, and this was Master Peacock's first essay, his success is all the more creditable to himself and his college. Young Peacock is a nephew of Mr. M. Peacock and Mr. Geo. Hill, of Tallangatta. The resuscitation of the Bcnambra Agri cultural and Pastoral Society is on the carpet. This association has been practic ally dead for about four years. The last show held under its auspices was a poor one —such a poor thing that the Society evidently considered the best thing it could do was to give up the ghost and be interred as decently as possible, or to sleep off the bad times upon which it, in com mon with other cognate institutions, had fallen. The colony is gradually emerging from the depression which overtook it some years ago, and things are generally on the "improve," the prospect being a very assuring one. The opinion now prevails that the time is ripe for. making a move to. re-establish the local agricul tural association, and to this end a public meeting is convened for Saturday week. There is uo good reason apparent why such an association, properly conducted, should not have such a successful career hereabouts. The Tallangatta district of fers exceptional facilities and scope for the operations of an agricultural and pas toral society. It is rather remarkable that all the time the Tallangatta Show lias been suspended, there has been a society operating successfully -on either side of it — one at Corryong and the other at Yack- andandah. As to the why aud wherefore of this state of affairs, a large section of the local public are free to assert that "it is all a matter of management." Candor, compels us the remark that the manage ment of the Benambra Society was not as good as it might have been, but in the presence of the dead or dying institution, the critical public can afford to let by gones be bygones. We hope to see the farmers and graziers come together with practical suggestions for the establish ment on a prc.par footing of the local agricultural and pastoral society. If a fresh start be decided upon, it will of course be necessary to proceed on care ful lines, until the society " feels its Feet" again. In order to the proper and efficient conduct of its functions, it is essential that the society's management shall be thoroughly representative of the interests principally affected by the operations of- such an association. It may be hoped, too, in the event of the society being ro- uscaonsnea, tnat tne name " Benambra will be dropped. Under that title the old societyaimedata comprehensiveness which it did not attain. In the title of a so ciety of this sort there should be set out "a local habitation and a name." We hope to see "the Tallangatta Agricultural and Pastoral Society" rising phoenix-like from the ashes of the original institution, anci) under careful management, carving out a prosperous career- for itself, as it ought to do in a district like this, posses sing all the elements and factors essential for such an institution. The successful inauguration of such a society wf -flso remove a reproach whi has 'attached to al -"-'i,ca district in allowing its agricultural aud pastoral society to lie un- resurrected for so long. 