Gossip. This is a mad world, mastera, a very mad world, and it improves not eo rapidly as it might. Only a few days ago I received from a Queensland man a leaf of the London ' Spectator,' dated August 13th, 1S9S, dealing with the invention of a new- food, dinner tabKi of the nico. The same week I received a leaf of tho London ' Oo- operativc News ' wrestling with 11 The World's Approaching 'Famine,' on the bn.9i3 of Sir William Crooks' address at the British Association this year. These things amose me, and I say, as the great one said long ago, ' 'What ^ fools these mortals be.' I'll tell you a tale. Once upon a time, and a strange time io was, a long time ago, I wa3 a student in a great uni versity. The chiefest thing I learned bhere was my own ignorance, but many of my fellow students did not. learn so much. In our curriculum we had a course of health lectures, but, as health is mostly of no importance, they were ' optionals '' — that u, you did not need to attend them unless you liked. If you failed to go to prayers in the morning you lost a mark, so prayers did you good, even though you never heard them, which you probably didn'o. But health lectures did you no good, unless you heard them, ami even then they clidtr'c, sometimes. A lot of us boarded together, and buckwheat cakes were a great dainty with us for. a breakfast dish. One of the health lecturers assured us that buckwheat cakes were poisyu. Next morning the boarding-house mistress found nearly all her buckwheat cakes left untouched, because that alarmist health lecturer had cursed them. It was two or three weeks before the old demand for buckwheat cakes was re stored. Then, in another lecture, pork chops were cursed, and then milk aud then tea, and everything we ate or drank was solemnly cursed in turn, until the lecture course was over, aud we returned to our normal habits. We kept on eating the accursed things just as we used to do, aud we laughed and sang and studied and liked life well, and most of us are living yet. Hallelujah! But the alarmist never dies. Dr. Crooks says that the world's stock of nitrogen is giving out, and we'll not be able to raise wheat euough to feed the world, and we'll all starve to death. That's what a veiy charming lady T know culls ' ram dot.' Pro fessor Crooks is a groat man, of course, but ho believes in ghosts and has to take three uiuals a day aud ho is probably very human, and I think ltu's a bally hooley alarmist, mid no more. My candid opinion of tho man who says thai tho world's stock of nitrogen is failing is that his liver's out of order. Ho belongs to the same class as the man who wrote: wl The light is sjouu forever, will the dark lliuiga like a' pall of ileulh sibove the soul, Which rucks amid tho yloom liko storm swept bark, Aud aiuks beneath a sett where tempests toll.' That man needs a do*e of ? fresh air, good company, and something to do, tike pulliug sheep out of mud- holes. The man who predicts a world's famine tor luck of wheat has novor seen tho Riverina. Ho doosn'b understand tho depths of his own ignorance. He reckous that tho famine will ??begin in 1931, owing to tho natural : increase ? of .bread-eaters. 'Why, that's nob much over '60 yours ! If wo could get Gs a bushel for our wheat we'd oouservo our Hoods, put) all our land under wheat, leave the sheep trailo tu the Argentina, and supply six worlds like this with all tho wheat they wanted, and even give thorn enough to food bheir stock on if thoy'd stand up bo 6s a bushel. Then a learned professor says our supply of nitrogen i3 running oub ! Oh, pshaw ! By the way, do you know whab nitrogen is 'I ib doesu'b matter much. It's nob as essoutial as oxygen. It's one of the world's cou stituent gases, and is jusb a8 likely to got used up as the sea water. I wondor if Professor CrookB over heard tho nonsense verse — 'There waa an old man, who .said, ' Run, For the end of the world has begun ; If you've got no excuse You'll go to the deuce — I'm, really, not speaking in fun.T ' Then -along comes the other chap, Dr. Li'lienfeld, of Vienna, who has invented a new food. It is an artificial albumen, like the white of an egg, that contains all the life giving nitrogenous elements ; and you'll be independent of wheat and sheep and potatoes, and you'I! he able to carry a week's tucker in your vest pocket, and your dinner will be a lozenge, and your breakfast will be another, and the doctor is likewise ' another.' You sot one man against the other, and what do you do 1 You return to your buck-wheat cakes and your pork chops, and your I other stupid, hurtful practices, and you forged all the '? doctors ' and '? profeasors,' and you live your life out, and you die of old age, and you laugh when you remember the alarmists of your youth. Buc it's a pity that a man with the reputation that Crooks has as a physicist should join the ranks of the quack alarmists. He worries lots of good people, and he'd be better employed finding out the weight of a ghont than scaring people by telling them than the world's stock of nitrogen is giving out. If people knew what nitrogen was, and understood the law of indestructibility of matter they wouldn't worry, bur, very few people do, so this professor set--- them crooked. The writer in the '' Spectator ' has sense. He objects to the abolition of a meiM diet. He says : It is impossible to study such a subject us a history of human foods without seeing how great an influence they h;ive exerted on man, how wide aud far - reaching have been their ramification. Speak ing generally, it may be said that all the great races of mankind have adopted a meat diet and have drunk wiuo as soon aa they could afford to do so. Home, it is true, according to 'Jibhon, made many conquests ou a meagre diet aud ou cold water, but she readily adopted a geuerom agriculture from Carthage, and tho fruits and wines of the East, and she throve upou them. As eutiug and drinking became a liner art, and as the subjects of food were mote numerous, life became more retiued, manners more attractive. The early and so-called heroic agea iu every nation appear to have been, aa oo« might; suppose, ages of very simple food. The epic poet, product of the earlier age, should, said a (Jreok writer, drink water : the lyric poet, ollspriug of a later and softer ago, must driuk wine. The evolution of mau kiud may, perhaps, be determined a* cer tainly by the criterion of food aa by any other. Show me whao a man eats aud I'll toll you what he is. We are whac we eat, and when we live on lozenges we'll be lollies. The man who is going to reduce life to its lowest limits, and teach us to live on artificial food, is as much astray as the man who says that the world's famine is at hand through the loss of nitrogen. There was an old squire told his Scotch ' bailiff' thaD the time was coming when we'd bo able to carry the manure for au acre of ground iu one waistcoat pocket. 'Aye,' says the old bailiff, ' 'an a'ni thinkiug yo'd bo able to carry the crap i' the thither pocket.' When we're starved out for the lack of nitrogen, or reduced to living ou lozenges, thore won't be any of us about, and wo may keep our minds easy juso now. Before that comes ofl we'll all have made our fortunes ou wheat at 20s a bushel, and thiC time is not near ao baud, aud maybe some of us are sorry ! 