PROSPECTING IN THE OLD DAYS. ] ' 'Some ; three years ago1, we pnnted a rhymed ; record Of !a prospecting tonr. through the Maryborough Hinfcferland, from the pen bf a gentleman well- known to old residents of this town 'rind district, viz., Mr. W. S. Walsh: « We now poblish a further com munication from the same writer, which will be doubly interesting to old identities, who, will recognise in the individuals men tioned .many ^old-time 'fiends and acquain tance*. In a private letter Mr. Walsh (who, by the way. writes us from Paxton street, TownsviUe, under d^te, 4th instant) says that returning from his previous unsuccess ful tour (the record of which* as stated above.we have already printed) to Mary borough in December, 1896, 'I, with my superabundant stock of youthful spirits, hard cash, and confidence in the unknown future, conceived the idea of going out on another expedition which should include every part of the country fromGayndah vu i Taroom and Expedition Range to the Peak Downs. Towards accomplishing this I secured from near Bathurst, N.S.W., tho trusty companionship of two brothers, Messrs. John and Murtagh Sullivan, old Victorian friends, and experienced diggers, who now had become settled, near Bathurst. on land presented to them by a wealthy, I might say, millionaire uncle. These dash ing young fellows temporarily arranged for the carrying on of their joint holdings, and vowing to be with me whithersover I should go, duly arrived in Maryborough. The accompanying rugged rhyme, which, like my former production, was penned on the way, furnishes an outline of what befel us.' # Turn we westward, farewell Wide Bay, only colours here are found. Though, in surfacing aud sinking, wc have tried the well around. Search we now the distant inland till the fates propitious grow And the hidden gems of Nature yield a brightly-golden show. May returns to cheer the wand'rer on our 8f mi-tropic shore, And unwonted cool land-breezes mark this May of sixty-four. On the azure-crowned horizon Bauplc wooes the rustic train, Guides tbe toiler to her forests, tights tbe herdsman o'er the plain. Hope illumes tho boundless forest, cheers us on the nameless track, Oft beset with unknown dangers and the treach'rpus myall black. , Youthful too, and mounted gamely with our rifles strapped before, Though but only throe in number wo are equal to three -score. Forth ye well-born steeds, high-prancing, 6hapli'er never sped away From this township on tho Mary, by old bush folks styled the 14 Bay.' Desmond, proud as Rome's black Aster, Bruce. Swift, Stella of high strain, Than our proudly-crested Frantic nobler never tossed a rein. By Ululah, decked with lilies, by great Bad dow crowned with shade : Baddow's portly lord, good Aldridge, us a hearty farewell bade ; By the ever-dreary Six- Mile, on tho Musket Flat at e'en, Not a human habitation marks the twenty miles between. | At the Golden Fleece why linger, quaff the parting glass and flee To the sheep-walks of Degilbo, where the i people's tribune see, I Walsh, the fearless William Henry, lord of ! many a famous bout, Since his ' Ghost of Ban Bin' letters , knocked the Brisbane placemen out. I Gayndah smiles 'mid peerless verdure, up her 1 sprightly street wo pass ; We are greeted by the chieftains, loudly welcomed by the mass ; And friend White, the vcrteran pressman, gives a long and learned par On the prospects of tho city through big nuggets from afar. 'Tis with grief just now related — sad and painful to review, How this town had goats unnumbered, had d lonnrif *honnl Till a gust, with force cyclonic, tossed the I building on its side, I When beneath the ruin hundreds of tbe i lucklcss nannies died, Let the well- established records of the Argus too relate Of old Gayndah 's shows triumphant, ban quets, balls, and gatherings great, Of her flocks and he'ds so high-born, of her steeds of boundless fame, Of the anneal meet's bright contests, and the settling in champagne. See the Moretons, two, of Weth'ron,lhetwo Conn'Ilys, Frank and John, With the Rawsons of Tening'ring, and the the Edwards of Ban Ban, Smith and Walker, Reid and Clohesy, the ennobling games support ; On thy marble, deep, O Gayndah, mark these friends of manly sport. To the hoped-for golden westward, wide our devious ways extend ; From Mundubbers to Boondooma, by the ill-famed Murdering Bend ; OverDykehead,Hawkwood, Aubutn, quartz and kindly drifts abound, And & tantalising colour greets the long day's restless round. As the bee, its prize pursuing, borne along by instinct true. Lingers mostly upon flow'rets known to yield the honey-dew, So we diggers, toiling onwards, by experi ence knew the soil, And when indications offer, there bestow our greatest toil. Camping by the brook at evening, wc from supper-board repair To investigate our larder for tbe morrow's bill'of fare. Soon the fleshpot sings, and, softly, we the surplus embers woo To repair our^ mound of ashes with the damper bulging through. Unaffected by ill-fortune, aye, with never fading hopes We search onward through the ranges and work down the Dawson slopes, Down these ever- widening spaces to the sacred ' Knob' of yore, Now Taroom, where genial Zerbe tends his public-house and store. Here three hundred miles to westward hope, unfailing in resource, Laughs this duffered zone to scorn, and sug gests a brighter course By the sparkling lakes north-westward and the grassy plains between, Where the leathered tribe, unheeding, with their thousands grace the scene. There's no gold round Scott's of Palm Tree, none on Hobbler'B run, we ween. Nor on Button's run, Bauhinia, will a spec be ever seen, Expedition Range invites us, wc to-morrow cross and, lo l By the very track great Leichhardt trod now twenty years ago* Hail, immortal Ludwig Leichhardt, mem'ries throng this haQotfd den* Here's the Beedy Pond he camped at, the f^ymphe^s^ loved; so well ; And this spreading Erythrina, as his journal : makes him say, Saw him note ;the things around here as wc see these things to-day. There's his' arborescent zamia, to his bine flowered Borage grand, Casiiariha, fig,: and palm-tree, round the flooded, gum-tree stand ; 'His bi-pinnate-leaved Acacia, charged with amber- coloured gum, . His hew oblong-fruited Capparis waving to the wonga's hum. Forth by Planet ' Creek we prospect, o'er its ridges to the Brown Where a store-cdch-pub, a blacksmith, and M.D. make up the town. O'er Albania and Orion to the gory-streaked Nogoa Where bereaved Cullinlaringo sobs its tale of human woe. . - Well we know this tragic story, as in Southern climes 'twas told, How the humane squatter, Willis, nursed the blacks within his fold, Till from nether realms, in silence, came that ill-inspiring breath— Of the station hands, some twenty, all but two are hacked to death. Here retiring to our slumber, bow this glade's unbroken gloom, In its aspect, deep, reminds us of the still ness of the tomb, With the stars of Heaven repining at all Nature gone to rest Till the dingo's howl reminds us we're not yet among the bless't. Where, oh where, the golden treasure we had fondly hoped to bring From this Never-never couutry ere the next returning Spring ? Scc'st thou not, too faithless Fortune, we our work have doubly done ? From thy cavorus, lone-abiding, yield the prize we've nobly won. Though we've now outrun vast regions, and a goldless waste surrounds, Hope, sweet hope, bears lightly onward and ahead's the famed Peak Downs Yes, there Drummond Range northwest ward, north-north east Peak Range is seen, What a field for exploration in that wide ex panse between. To this task, with toil unending, test we many a hill and dale ; Pick and tin-dish in the ravine, rope and windlass in the vale Signs and sundry indications and 6trong colours soem to smile, But the hoped-for Eldorado comes not to reward our toil. Where afar yon glitt'ring housotops point tho highway and its train, Greeted are these weary travellers by our prinoeB of the plain. Host Kenneally, of Capella, and De Satge, Gordon Downs ; May you long this life inherit to enjoy your honoured crowns. Gold there's none, though well we've wooed it, by this long and gen'rous test, ' 'Gainst the gods there's no contending, they disport our arms in jest/ Speak again the sorcerous ' Onward,' here oomes Retro, Clermont, too, Now this township's one street opens, and our steeds go prancing through. Who that boasts a sterling roadster, by the chase or journey tired, Ever full of fresh'ning graces, ever sway'd with boundless pride ; Will not, seated on his charger, unnamed pleasures realise— Feel a glow of manly rapture at tho beauty of his prize. Griffin, P.M., rules the diggers, and to soothe their different ills, Sergeant Manson comes with kindness, Caniiottis comes with pills; Hardie Buzacott, the pressman, intellectual wants to meet, Off-hand, without draft or copy, sets and prints his weekly sheet. At the graveyard over yonder, whither crowds, alas, depart, Rests a former friend, good Seekamp, famed in literature and art Who at Ballarat, for critiques on great Lolla Montes' fame, Was subjected to tbe horse-whip by that high-toned acting dame. Now our week of rest has ended, westward, westward still we roam, By the distant Belyando and to further wilds unknown. For the precious thing we're seeking all 4|these troubles will repay, And the glories of tho journey may inspire another lay. , 