\-- . - -- =. THE VOYAGE OF THE "PULO WAY." Br CAELTOS DaWE. p ed by special arrangeiant with fesrs Ward Lock 4 Co., Ltd. (ALL EIGHIS RESERVED] CHAPTER VII. pIr.ACY ON THE HIGH SEAS. I will not pretend that I slept well that nidht. Indeed, for quite two hours after :urning in I scarcely attempted to close \- eyes, and when I did I saw things which made me hastily open them agamn. A dozen times I thought I heard some cue twisting the handle of my door, and ,,-:e as often my imagination enabled me to see the swarthy, swollen face of Gupp oattened against the port. In fact, so many alarms did I pass through, that when 1 awoke and saw the sun shining I 7a1 surprised to find myself alive. Breakfast, of which I partook but ES.ringly. was spread for me as usual. ;i:: I had little inclination to eat. I was Dore anxious to get up on deck and have a gook round. There was no one about the after-part of the vessel, so, lighting my pipe, I leant aa:?st the rail and watched the land, ~-;h did not seem to be more than two r: three miles off. Indeed, I wondered gush at our position, for according to the crent we should long since have been : of sight. I thought of the Portugee md his engines : also of my dreams. But presently there was great commo i : forward. The captain and the mate to the starboard corner of the 5Fi. their glasses to their eyes. A =- est or two of expectancy followed, i "'then I heard the mate cry out at the Sof his great, gruff voice "Fyward there! All hands forward I" T:I the bo'sun blew his whistle, there a .-shing too and fro, and half-a mC: ten sprang upon the fo'c'sle. Gupp .:owed, swearing and giving directions, an I sraw the men cover the gun with a :as: square of canvas, the ends of which ere fastened carefully to the deck. Then, ch to my surprise, I heard the clank f e engines, and for about half a minute re forged steadily ahead. Then there Fr si ence again, as the ship gradually :.-:ed down and stopped. Needless to oy I understood my dreams at last. During this little manoeavre the captain had hardly lowered his glasses, and :h--:h at first I could make out nothing, -dAually a little dark cloud began to c -~ upon the eastern horizon. At first G: asn so thin and indistinct that I should hat vhre noticed it if left to myself ; but as I watched it perceptibly assumed a d-eper shade and stretched further across tie heavens. Like a long wisp of cloud i: semed, a thing that had no business Is the perfectly clear sky, and as I wa::hed I knew what it meant. It was a c:oud, truly, but a cloud of smoke cast u? by same steamer which was not yet in ihe men all crowded to the starboard side and turned anxiously to the far horion even the Portugee Luiz crawled up from his reeking engine-room, and hunt his ugly, dirty face over the side. i darted below for my glasses, and while there I clipped a small box of cartridges in:o my pocket. When I reached the deck again the topmasts of the steamer were distinctly naible. I filled my pipe and tried patiently to swait the development of events; but though I may have preserved an outward arpe. rance of calm, inwardly I was throbbing with excitement. Each minute that passed seemed multiplied by ten, and when at length the hull of the advancing vessel began to loom up, and I aw that she was coning towards us, I felt as though the fate of the whole world was hanging on the issue. Presently Hayling came aft, a bundle of da s under his arm, and as he began to knot them to the signalling halliards I crossed over to him. The big fellow looked exceedingly solemn; I felt so. As he nodded to me there was never the ghost of a smile on his hard face. " What are you going to do, Hayling I" " Signal to that vessel that we are badly in need of help." I advanced still closer to him. " What does this mean, old fellow ?" " Can't you guess ?" said he, still busy with the flags. " I dare nut." He laughed between his teeth. " My dear Ravensford, we're going to stop that ship, and sink her, too, if she gives any trouble." "Piracy " " That s about it-" Again he laughed. and I thought his fare looked fiendish. " What ship is itl" I asked. "I haven't the faintest notion, but I think you will find that she is bound from Sydney to Hong Kong." "The Chung-Tong left Sydney on the 25th of last month with fifty thousand pounds in gold on board." "How do yun know?" said he sharply. In as few words as possible I told him how I had become possessed of the in formation. "Then depend upon it, rt vensford, that vessel is the Chung-Tong." By this time he had arranged the flags correctly, and just as he was hoisting them the captain, Murrell, and half a daozen men came aft in a body. Hayling did not look at me, but under his breath Iheard him mutter, "Be careful. They are ripe for anything." I slipped my hands into my coat pockets and assumed my best air of indifference. In one of the pockets was a revolver, and my finger instantly curled round the trigger. The men stood back by the bulwarks, where they formed an evil-looking group of cut-throats; Macshiel and the mate advanced. Looking up at the flags, then at the far-off ship, which every minute loomed up clearer, the skipper said, "You see that ship ?" "Yes," I replied. "Can you guess her name I" "The Chnng-Tong," said I, somewhat defiantly. "Good! " and his devilish little face seemed to wrinkle with pleasure. "Per haps you can also guess where she comes from 1" "Sydney." "And what she carries 1" "Fifty thousand pounds in gold." " Where is she bound for 2" " oHon? e." " Where then I" "The next world I " I started, taken clean off my guard. The man's face suddenly grew wrinkled and hideous, like a monkey's, and he seemed passionately to spit the words out. 'I hope not," said I. "Well," he replied, "it's a pity, of ourse; but before she goes we are going to ask her to leave her gold behind. It will beno use in the port she's bound for." "' Melt," grinned the mate. " None whatever," said 1, replying to the captain. "- I think yours is a perfectly reasonable request." "I hope so," said he, with a nasty laugh. "Are you with is" "First let me know your project," said 1, hoping in a vague sort of way that the time gained might prove beneficial. " We intend to get hold of that fifty thousand. It ougnt to set us up for life.' " How many of you " His brows went together, and he scowled frightfully. I had spoken rather loudly. "There is enough for all," said he, in a low, meaning voice. " But suppose her captain refuses to part ?" "\Ve shall make him." "How " "We have a gun forward, and our third mate, Mr Gupp, was once a gunner in the Royal Navy." "Then you will sink her unless she surrenders ? " "Precisely." "It's a desperate enterprise, Captain Macahiel." He grinned hideously, while-the mate and the men began to show signs of im patience. Evidently they thought enough had been said. It was time to act. The captain, advancing a step nearer, peered into my face. " Will you join us ?" "But this is piracy." " Never mind what it is," said he. " Will you join us' " "No, I will not" "Then you understand that we have no room for traitors aboard? " The faces of those before me grew black and threatening, and I really believed a rush was imminent. I covered Macshiel with my concealed pistol, and J felt sure that I could puts bullet some where through his body. He saw the movement, and, guessing what it meant, stepped back, a livid twitch of terror shooting down his cadaverous jaws. And, truly, at that moment he was bound for the same port as the Chung-Tong. An angry look swept into his eyes, and he said, with a horrid grin "What have you got your hands in your pockets for 7" " To keep them warm." " Then up with them. I'm the master here." " Captain Macshiel," I said, "I have no quarrel with you-1 have no wish to quarrel with you. I candidly admit that 1 am not a fighting-man, nor has fighting ever come my way before; but 'll do my best to injure the man who tries to injure me." - It was a bit of bounce, and yet not altogether bounce. I knew the men were desperate, and they would not hesitate to sacrifice me if I endeavoured to thwart them. The alternative was therefore given me-and yet what an alternative I To join them, even against my will, would be to make me equally guilty in the eyes of the law. Not to join them meant that there was no room for me aboard the Pulo Way. Therefore the bounce was not all bounce; there was a deadly seriousness underlying' it as befitted such an occasion, which I think Macshiel was quick to see. Or perhaus the knowledge that between him and a ballet there was only the lining of my coat may have quickened his perception. " Nobody wants to injure you," said he, with a conciliatory grin. " What the deuce do you take us forl Though driven desperate we are not wholly without reason. We have cried for justice, but justice is deaf as well as blind. I don't want to prate or preach; but I can tell you that we are just sick of things, and that new we mean to live-to live, if it's only for a month !"' So this was a new phase of Captain Macshiel's character. But his sophistries fell on unsympathetic ears. "To live for a month is good. And after 1" He laughed harshly. "To live still; for we intend to render detection im possible. It's as good as five thousand pounds in 'your pocket. What do you say?" " I have said." " Very well;" and this time he smiled very wickedly "We'll make you one of us in spite of you. Now, lads," cried he, turning to the men, "to quarters. In haif-an-hour we shall all be rich men." He waved his hand and drove them for ward, while I slunk away aft, a prey to the most distressing emotions. The ship-a long, low, one-funnel boat with a projecting bow-came sweeping up grandly out of the ocean. For some time now she had seen us, and when she was near enough to real our signal her helm was put over and she bore straight down upon us. Poor beggars ! Eager to help, how they would have shunned us. had thej only known! On she came, straight for us, like an animal ready to spring over the white hedge of foam which fur ever seemed to block her way. The red ensign went up, and presently she signalled, " Can I be of any assistance 1" The mate here came rushing aft, and ran up the pennant -"Yes" There followed an immediate bustle aboard the liner, and I saw some men spring to the davits on the port side and begin to clear the falls. Then the wash before her bows subsided, and I knew that the engines had stopped. Through my glasses I could see distinctly the officers on the bridge and several persons leaning over the rail aft. As soon as she was near enough for me to distinguish her name, which was written in big brass letters upon her bows, I read the words Chung-Tong. I admit the singularity of it all deeply impressed me, and I knew not at which 1 wondered most, man's ingenuity or his perfidy. The electric wire had told the people in China that the Chung Tong had left Sydney with fifty thousand pounds on hoard. The next day the newspapers had printed it; a man had read the paragraph; it awoke an idea, and the idea had been duly executed. And now here was this very ressel coming up out of the sea to her destruction. She stopped less than a quarter of a mile off, and the people on her deck were plainly visible to the naked eye. With glasses 1 could even distinguish the uni form of the officers, while to my dismay I saw some women among the people aft. But now the boat of which I have spoken was lowered from the liner; four or five men slipped down the falls, and presently the little craft shot out from the big one and came towards us. In the stern sat an officer ; in the bows knelt a man with a boathook, while four more rowed. The sea being smooth, the little boat skipped gallantly across the water, and presently she was brought to a few yards asway from us, and just opposite the bridge upon which the captain stood. " What ship is this I' I heard the young officer ask, who vainly scrutinised our bows for the name, which had been painted out some three or four days previously. " eThe Golden Guinea," shouted MIac shiel, "from Shanghai to the Torres Straits. What are you ?" The Chunng-Tong - Sydney to Hong Kong. What can we do for you I" "' 1'11 tell you," said the old man, lean ing out far over the rail. "We intend to do a little trading among the islands, but being a bit short of cash, we thought yon wonidn't object to lending us a little." "Eh ?" said the young fellow, looking exceedingly astonished. "I believe you have something like fifty thousand pounds on board. You must hand it over." "The look of stupefaction on the young fellow's face was almost ludicrous. This was evidently the last request he had ex pected. " Why, confound you," he said, "you must be mad !" "So mad," said Macshiel, grimly, " that if you don't hand it over Ill sink you." "Very well," was the reply; "I'll report." " I'll give your captain five minutes to decide from the time you reach the deck. If the pennant ' Yes' doesn't go up, then I'll open fire. And no hanky-panky, mind. This is going to be a big job." Without more ado the young fellow put about and made straight for his ship, while Gupp uncovered the cannon forward and took his place beside it. For the first time I felt the excitement of battle in my blood. it would be an ignoble battle, no doubt ; but I fancied there would be some desperate work done. 1 saw the young officer swarm up the side of the liner and immediately make his way forward to the bridge, where the captain still stood. Then I turned to Maashiel, who, after looking at his watch, went and rang the engineer to stand by. Things were hurrying to a climax. I knew the men of the Palo Way were des perate and resolved ; I knew they would have the gold or such revenge as it was possible for them to take. The question was, could the Chung-Tong resist us with any hope of success 1 Eagerly I watched the little group on her bridge, and presently the captain be gan to gesticulate wildly. Then I saw him point to the engine-room telegraph, and a few seconds after the water began to babble round her stern. Captain Macshiel immediately flew to our tele graph, and then came the low throb, throb of our engines. -" Wing him, 3upp!" I heard the skipper shout. " The beggar's going to try to give us the slip." It so happened that at that moment an awkward angle prevented Mr Gupp from getting the gun into play, and when at length he did the Chung-Tong was stern on and steaming like mad. I knew by report that she was a good two or three knots faster than we were, and if she could only keep us off for something like half an hour she might defy the Pulo Way. But the gunner lost no time. Settling about his business in the most approved manner, the boom of the gun told me that the fight had begun. rne shot however flew high of the mark and splashed into sea some distance ahead. Gupp laughed uproariously as he loaded again, and I could see the very devil of mischief frolicking over his big face. There was but a short interval between the first and the second shot. A puff of smoke, a sharp crack forward as of the atmosphere suddenly exploding, and then all eyes flew to the liner. Almost at the same moment the rail about her part quarter was seen flying about in all dtrec tsons. The captain kicked up his heels with delight and yelled out, " Bravo, Gupp I Give it to him again !" Gupp, who I no longer doubted had learnt his gunnery at the expense of the nation, waved his hand as he sent forth a big laugh. Absorbed in his work, I don't believe he gave a moment's reflection to the horror of his act. He was an enthu siast with only one thought -to make the best play possible with his gun. The third shot, from thegunner's point of view, was even better than the second. It struck the high skylight of the poop, and, exploding with a horrid noise, sent the splinters flaiug in all directions. The fourth missed; but tue fifth shattered a boat that swung on the port davits, and destroyed the mizzen shrouds. This last shot must have proved con clusively to the captain of the liner that in the gunner of the Palo Way he had a dangerous man to dea! with, so without more ado he hoisted the signal of sur render and stopped his engines. We passed very close to him-so close that Captain Macshiel leant over the rail of the bridge and bellowed, " Get the stuff ready. I'll send a boat alongside in a minute." We came.to about three hundred yards away, always maneuvring so as to keep our bow on. Then some of the men rushed aft so as to lower the starboard boat, which piece of work Hailing super intended. I tried to catch his eye, for very obvious reasons, but never once did he turn my way. It seemed as though he purposely wished to avoid me. Presently the mate came along, and as his eyes caught mine I saw that his face was all aglow with a quiet, devilish sort of delight. " Now, then, bustle along, you there ! he cried. " Get ready to go in the boat, and make yourself useful." " You seem to forget that I am a pas senger." " We have no passengers aboard the Polo Way," he answered significantly. " You are either for us or against us -which is it?' I' prefer to remain neutral." "There can be no neutrality," he blustered. "Into that boat you go, or-" "Or what I" He grinned consumedly. It was a joke in ten thousand. " Don't you be so bally obstinate," he said. "For some reason best known to himself, the old man seems bent upon making a pet of you. But we mean business this time, and you may take my word for it the old man is not the most patient soul afloat." It was a close corner, and one out of which I failed to see my way. I looked at the liner yonder, the men about me the one was as helpless as I, the other ready for anything. Just then I caught a look in Hayling's eye which somewhat reassured me. "Very well," I said, "I will go, but under protest." "Oh, that's all right," he replied, with a disagreeable laugh. "I'll duly enter it in the log." By this time the boat was lowered and swinging clear of the ship, and at a sign from the mate, I sprang upon the rail, seized one of the ropes, and slid down into her. Hayling made room for me beside him in the stern. Half-a-dozen men scrambled down. and se pushed off. Before us lay the liner, a great black mass of iron, her side crowded with an eager throng. Hayling kept a stiff upper lip, and stared coldly ahead of him; but it seemed to me as though each eye looked unutterable scorn, while each tongue framed the horrid word "Thief ! thief !" 