Temperance Topics. (Br T. A. DueN-DuPTos.) "I MaITLrrn" McEIORIES. k'OLLOWINs the repeated warnings of our estimable meteorologist, Mlr. Clement Wragge, that very " dirty" weather would ensue on the southern coasts, came the sad news of tile wrecks and losses of lives. Of these mournful memories the loss of the Maitland was the most stirring. It does not need a very strong imagination to picture the ill-fated steamer passing through Sydney Heads on that Thursday night on her short trip to Newcastle, but it goes without saying that it is beyond the ordin ary "'landlubber" to realise the awfulness of the storm which overtook the vessel when only twenty miles out. T''len the shrieking of the hurricane fiends, the angry mountainous billo we, and the carrying away of the sponson-house. What a night of suspense to those on the water-logged, storm-bruised bulk, as each, in his or her life-belt, clung on bor that dear life which they expected to be dashed out among the breakers or upon the rocks l Even the striking of the vessel at 6 a.m. on Friday (proverbially an unlucky day with sailors) oni the rocks of Broken Bay must have been a relief to the watchers. The most exciting novel pales before actual fact, as we devour the vivid account of the parting of the vessel, the taking of a line ashore, and the rescues through the seething cauldron of foam in that rocky "jaws of death." The perusal were sufficiently awesome, but what of the cold and hungry ones as they saw their fellows shot away into the angry breakers or dashed to death against the rocke ? What of their feelings as they con templated the same fate for themselves? Honour to the herd Russell I Broken Bay ? What memories does.it recall in contrast? -The trip from Sydney by rail and the leisurely " doing" of the Hawkeesbury River, with its picturesque scenery, on the old "General Gordon," which took us down to this very Broken Bay. Aye, but inside, and in safety. How ourhearts were soared in sorrowful sympathy for those who were done to death in the mortar and pestle of the rocky chasm and the tons-stamping billows. Like clings to like, and though those cold corpses are as dust, and as worth less, we mortals think of the bodies-weep over them. We lamentoverthedestruction of the mortal frame-the temple of the Holy Ghost, whose lease has expired and who has quitted the premises, without notice-for ever. Aye, we say it is sad, awful. Why is it so? It is so sudden I There we have the secret of the callousness of the public to the suffering and loss of life resulting from the drink traffic. We see the mortal crafts pass out daily between the Heads on the course of " moderation." What others have done they can do-in their opinion. But it often happens that the wind and waves rise, the storm is on them. The sponson-house of the heart is carried away, they are in danger of sinking in the social depths. They "wear ship," try to run back to safety-to the harbour where the blue ribbon is nailed to the masts. Too later The sokes-hole is flooded, the fires are out, and steam is exhausted. Darkness covers them, they drift into the breakers, and for a briefspace they lie upon a hard bed. If tgey could but reach the abstinence shore I A rope and gtod men and true volunteer in forlorn hopes I Some succeed, and get ashore. Some are dragged under by the drowning ones. The rope often breaks. A line l Yes, the little line-the pledge, with the brave heart and earnest prayer behind, often does more than the mightiest of mortal eflorte. BuG what of the alcoholic wrecks in the Broken Bay of the Alcoholic Coast? Mr. Wragge's forecasts are not prophecies, nor fanatical statements, but are based upon scientific facts. Exactly similar are the abstainer's warnings. There are the alcoholic wrecks along the coast to prove their accuracy. Thread the paths of our cemeteries. How do those epitaphs liel The wish is father to the thought of those gushing lines-but farther from the truth. William Ewart Gladstone--honour his memory I-said that the victims on the death roll of the drink exceeded in number the combined totals of the deaths from war, pestilence and famine. In his country, from which his spirit has just passed away, nearly 200 victims per dao are scored on Aloohol's blackboard. Yet the 66,000 annually done to death in this way are not noticed as much as the solitary wreck yonder with a few hands lost. The drink-like the poor is always with us. In fact, they go together. So much for the expenditure of life-and souls. What of the expenditure of money. Whilst the cupboard of charity is almost bare, whilst the poor cry for food, whilst the heathen cry for the bread of life, wbilst the home as well as foreign missions are stinted and the coffers of the Church are deficient, the drink tratffic walks off with (nr did during last year) over £150,000,000. That is thle initial outlay. It has been com-n puted that every pound s?pet involves the loss of another pound, which nmeans the teotl is over three hundred millions a year. liow e cau they sing "Britons never will be slaves" when, deducting the vast army of abstainers and children, they are nearly all slaves to alcohol. The Rev. Lewis Hudson in more than one sermon since his arrival here pointed to the Cross as the way of Salvation alike to the Magdalene and the hopeless alcohlolic. That statement is as true as that the sun rises in the east, yet i the great truth fully grasped by *,e Church ? I fear not. Yet" Sunny Qdueens land" has bothl -Magdalenes and alcoholics who need salvation, but-the Churchman passes by an the other side. That is the work for the " fanatics" or the Salvation Army, you know r It is in their line. Thank God it is in somebody's line, for the Baviour is no0 hero upon earth now to do the work his servants ,o neglect. 