, TALES AND SOTOffES. Bï A. W. MÁBOaMÓNT, , I ! Author of **By Rjghtif ^WoVa,»!"'« A Hcrltnge of Peril," **3isir^âffr»yi« .Wife," " Tile Mystery of Mortimore Strange,1' *. By : Whoso Hamil" "The Old Mill Mystery,5' . " Miser Hoadley's Secret," &o.;, tko.. . j «opi-Bioin. ¿leroy'« feeling of eutpeuso aud anxiety waa greatly luoieased aa the result of >tlio interview ât Mr. Musgrave'*, «nd even her keen anticipation of Uie pleasure of seeing Mervyn again «rae somewhat dimmed. The dread of .having to tefcurn «done to tho Courland to go nu living-the lifo of terror which hud characterised the tait few «eek«, tended to utifila ail thoughts of pleasure. Mr. Darch'« last-words as to the change in Murvyn had quickened lier fear an iii« account also, and she felt lone and miserablo «nd helpless, as the hansom burriod along through the busy streets. Suddenly shu,started and almost orisd out. On ttic dourBtep of a house in one of tho, big Bloomsbury squares «ho saw the Indian who only tho other day boloro had called at the Court aud glveu his name as Lal Mobum Khosh. What was ho doing herd Had she found lila home hy accident ? There could be no harm iu speaking to him ia a public street in full daytime, rle could do her no hurt herc. Was he following her? These thoughts flashed through her head instantly, ami she slopped thc cab, told tilt mau lo'wuit, und jumping out^went back quickly. lie saw her coming, but made no sign of recognition. bho went straight up to him without hesitation and «sid : "Mr. Khosh, 1 think. Mr. Lal Mobun Rhosh?" She had the name firmly enough fixed in her memory. He turned and looked at her, and bowed wit h a florid politeness, aud murmured : " I have not thc pleasure." " Oh yes. You called yesterday at Beachley Court, nour 1'entbam, in Suffolk, to sec my mother." " There is sume great mistake, madam. I have never been iu Suffolk iu my life, and for the last month have not set fool outside London." Ho looked her straight in tho face while he spoke, and maitituiutd pcrfict self-possession. Yel she was positive. Kot only did he tully with uvcry linc of Ab Dur's description of the man who had accosted him when in Lon.ion, but Mercy could H «ear to bim-his looks, his eyes especially, his gestures, his voice, every- thing. " lt is not I who make thc mistake," she persisted. ''I will swear to you. You do not deny your name is Lal Mobun RIIOKII ?" " On the contrury, my name is nothing of the kind ;" he spoke a little sharply now, und gave lier a curd bearing a quite different name. " You must excuse mc- 1 must go ;" aud the door being opened, he eutcicii the house, and left her standing and staring helplessly after him. " What is that gentleman's name ?" she asked the servant. " 1 must refer you to him, madam," answered the man, curtly, shultiug thu door in lier face. She went down thc steps slowly aud walked back to thc cub. She wus convinced it waa the same mau, and liol liing would shake the belief, lint she could not prove it ; so elie mendy got the numo nf the tquaro from ibo cabman, and jolted it down, together with thu number ni tho house, for future reference. That the mau should deuy himself in that way seemed lo Mercy so unaccountable a thing that she was puzztiug over.it and specu- lating about it all the way tn the house where she was to find Mcrvyu, aud when the cab was pulled up with a jerk, it »haltered all thc imafjiuinge and doubts and queries that made lier face look anxious uud careworn. lier heart beat fust « ben thc door opened. When she asked for Mervyn the servant said (-he'd speak to her mistress, and rou lo thc head of the italienne, lo call thc latter up. She came up slowly, breathing heavily, for she was very stout, aud after luokinjj curiously at Mercy, led her iuto u room on the ground floor. I " Of course, you know Mr. Rhodes ÍB only lodging here nod has been ill. Did j DU want to see him very particularly " Ves, very urgently. 1 have travelled over a hundred miles to-day (or that purpose." "lt seems so strange, like, you're being alone, V'ou musu't mind my plain way of speaking ; but the doctor's orders to mc waa so very strict-' Noir, Mrs. Jarvis,' he soya, ' I've brought my friend here to be nursed back to health and enjoy thu bracing air, but yu understand he's got to be absolutely quiet. Oou'r let anyone sec him on business-not on uo account,' he says; 'because if you do, il may put him all back again.' I want you to uudcrstaud how I'm situated, Miss." " 1 mu<t sec Mr. Rhodes," said Mercy, firmly. ' " My name is Hawthorne, of Beachley Court, aud Mr. Rhodes is u great friend of ours." " Well, Mist-" began tho woman, in a much more deferential tn« n tier. " Rut tell me first," interposed tho girl, "do you mean that Mr. Rhode* ia so ill that an interview may do him harm ?" " Them's the doctor's orders, Miss," replied the woman, with sympathy in her voice, os shu Baw Mercy's distress. "-?'.But. I should think it would cheer him up a bit. li! do seem dreadfully dowu." . Mercy sighed, and mere was a double reason tor her distress. Not only was he ill, und she had never been able to be near him, but she ifould not now be able to tell him anything of thc trouble at tho Court for fear of (hiing him hann. "I will see him, Mrs. Jarvis," she ssid after a slight pause. "And I will do my best lo keep ott'subjects that worry him." Tho landlady went out of tho room, and when she came back her large face wore a knowing expression. " lie seems better al thc mere name, Miss ; I never saw him so bright. 1 don't know what tho sight of yourself will do. Will you como upstairs Î" Mervyn was lying on the sofa by the wiudow, und ho looked so white and thin timt ut the first glance att him Mercy stood still in shocked surprise. Then she hurried across the room aud knelt down by the sofa and took thc hands he stretched out to her. " Mervyn !" shs cried. He held her hands and looked at her with eyes that wore hungry for love, and for many minutes nut u word more passed between them. That's thc medicine he wants," said Mrs. Jarvis to herself, HS she went downstairs, having shut the door upon the two with diBorfcet promptness. *. ïou huvo been very ill," she said, gently, looking al him with compassionate eye«. " Tell mo about it." "Tho usual story," he answered, with a feeble smile, "I worked very hard after well, that which parted us, for I was feverish in my haste to get on. I overdid it, 1 suppose neglected myself, confident in my old strength. I could do anything, and go any- where, and stand anything before. But I ran down fast; worryAond the change in things helped to puU me over. Then J had to go to one of the polios court« across the river one day, aud got wet in geing, and sat in the hot court, and then went out and «oniewhet« or other picked up the germ of typhoid. That settled «no i but I'm hatter -noir, -and ' the eight of you-" The end of theaeotence «va« a «mil«. " You are very weak Î" " I have been. Hut I'm pulling up every day-even days -vitbout auch balm .aw this " -lifting to hand-"and to.morrow I «hall be a new mau, If I'd .only known you were coming I am «ure it^anldhsve done .mogood «nd «ked« íwlth notts a-eoloor. To Ile «till here helpless, and to know that everything depends opon my work, lt tndetoribtbly wearing. Hut now tell me something of you. Oh, how I have longed for some news of ^on, Mercy, is all well? You look very anxious and troubled. I am afraid-.-" lie paused, and then added, " Out how is it th.it you have come to me hero ? . Of course, there must bo some strong reason. But it seemed so natural, after oil, -to eeo you, and I was so glad, that it never occurred to me to ask why. Hut howie ¡tí" "Tóame up irom toe-court-to-day to eeo Mr. Musgrave ; but he is away ; and then I came on here. They told «ne where you were. But 1 knew some days ago you were iii." " How T" " Lal lu sent her Indian snrvant np to u«k you to go down to the.court ; and ho brought back word that you were ill." "l'oor little Lsllu. She is a good-hearted little soul. You know sho came to see mo once nt my chambers. And what do you think? She wmited tomako inc use some of her money so as to be t he sooner in a position to claim yon. She is one in many thousands of women," ho declared thoughtfully, rc mombering how she had urged the offer. "But why did she want me at the court ? I am not quick-witted now. I don't see points as I ought. Hut tell me, why was it ?" Mercy hesitated a moment in her longini; to have someone in whom she could c nlido, but the evideucu of his weakness and the fact that knowledge nf the trouble and danger, coupled with his inability lo help, would only fret and retard hi« recovery restrained ber, " Shu was uuxioiiH on my account," she said with a smile. " But sha did not reckon on my taking ibo teins iuto "my own hands and coming to you instead of waiting for you io come in me. I am a wilful body, you see, Mervyn," the said with a «mile. Hut even as she si oke bur »ld terrors began to wake egaiu and to press in npnu her. She was deliber- ately slim ling the door ou a hope on which «he had Counted. " And aro you liappv down at. the Court ?" he naked, making this the ri ret of muny qucationti by which he sought to learn all about her. Haviug taken her decision not to tell him, she held tn it, and dad to resort to some verbal fenring here aud there to escape his direct questions. In this way a couple of hours escaped like co many minutes, und Mercy began to catt anxious eyes ut the clo-'k. '* Are you ttoing so soon"?" ho at-ked, wist- fully, following her eyes. " 1 must go ilown again by un carly train. It is seven miles from the stHtion, and I don't know yet how I snail get home. I must not stay for a later train, I hhotild not reach Pentham till night, I dare «ot rio that ;" and «he shuddered as she thought of the ioug lonely drive through the night. " And what will they say to the truant when she return» ?" "1 am indifferent. I have seen you, Mervyn, and what cure I for all else ?" " I wish to heaven I »ere well enough to return willi you," he cried, chuting at Ilia weakness. " I wish with all my heart, you were," answered Mercy so fervently, tliut he thought there niusl bc something she hud not told him. " 1 believe I could do it if I tried," he said. " I um a diOe ont mau since you came. 1 can almost feel the strength pulsing uucw in my veins." .' Will you comedown when you can ?" she asked, adiling quickly, "but timi will not bc much good, ptilmps. I am hoping to leave, the. Cuurt soon, and I waul Mr. Musgruve's help. 1 am so sorry he is away." " Wile for him to come bank." "1 have ; but his clerks dou't know exactly where to lind liim." " ls there anytliing serious the matter at I the Court, Mercy?" be usked, willi u slmrji, I shrewd louk at her. " lhere «'¡ll be. if he does not come dowi liiere noon." Then, seeing she hud said to much, and hud ulurined him, she added : "J is wry foolish of ue, of l.allu und mo, Í mean btu tile place is haunted, und we bear liol ste ps und strange sounds." " I bat is bail," he answered ; but in a voici which thawed he was relieved, and did no think thc matter nf much consequence " Atter ull, footsteps mid pounds ure not suet unruly ghosts as the phantoms of dead mic gone happiness " " I »eui! and gouc, Mervyn-?" " Well no, thar, was ungracious. Hut il ii hard for us bulb just now." " lt shrtll not ne for long, I promise you. Hut now,"bile said, brightly, "as I um only consulting physician, ami not doctor iu regular a i tendance, 1 must leave a prescrip- tion. Give mo a-half sheet of p iper. 'Bright spirits, earnest hopes, strung heurt, resolution io get «ell, unshakable confidence, and complete failli (in thc physician). To be constantly taken, whenever the weak nts» is felt ; und great care is tobe used in thoroughly clea heine, the mind from all-what shall Í say-broodiness ' 'I hut's it "-aud «bc gave bim thc paper, langhinu. H held her lund. " And the fee. Physician '!" She blushed, and kneeling down agiiu put her Ince clos»- to his. " Two guineas." Ho pah! them, and more ; and his faco wns only less llui-hcit than hera «lien Aie rose, wHjle already tho lights ol hopu wore burniug strongly in hi« eye». The sig'it of the change in him filled her with happiuess, und for the moment all her terror.i ami perplexities »ore forgotten ; but as soon as she had left him «nd was being driven rapidly to the station, they carno crowding back upon her. lt hud beeu infinitely sweet to be with him »gain even for so short a time-but with tho thought of thc ewectueSB Was the bitterness of the foiled minston. She «as going home almost as helpless us ever. lu some senties moro helpless, iirforo. coming up she hud alwaya felt, that to any extremity both .Mr, Musgrave aud Mervyn could be brought to help her if necessary ; but for the moment theie was no help whatever available. The Colonel was ugiinst her, and had already attempted her lite ; her inn her was feebler than herself; Ab Our, thu faithful protector, was disabled ; thc ayah lay on a bed of sickness-and there was uo one but Lullu und herself. As alie passed the hundreds of men iu tho street and «aw the crowds of them in thc rail- way station, the sense of loueliuess nod help- lessness seemed to bc increased. Of all the multitudes there was not ons who would stir a finger to help her. At the statiou, where she arrived some time before the train started, she remembered that she had Iud nothing to eat, and Bbe went into thorefreahinent- rpom and had »OHIO meat and a cup of tea. It put strength into her, «nd she sst in H corner by tho fire, thinking. Her back was to the room; and presently a voice close to her made her start and tremble. It was the Indian-whom she had first seen at the Court, and had spoken to that morning in Bloomsbury-1»1 Mohun Rhosb. What did it mean *! Was ho going down by the «ame train î She waited until the way was clear, and then slipped out on to tho platform and took up a position in willoh «ho could watch those coming out of the refresh ment-room. After a few minute* she eaw him come out «nd burry **«s>í.t»4he,platform from which the bentham train would «tart. He wat Hoing down to the Court to renew the struggle. It would bo a raco between them whoShould ,fjet tb the place first. She went «otb* telegraph office end wired to the station-master at Pcntham, "Please order oarriage and pair to meet me by train arriving 7'15. To drive me to Beachley Court. Most be good horses Most urgent. M. Hawthorne" "Can I «end -money by telegram I" she asked the clerk. "Ves, miss." " i'll «end fiT pounds with tili«, then. Stay, I'll add« word and say so." Sheadded to tho telegram that she was sending money by wire, and "was walkiug away, when she thought lo send u wire to the Court warning . them, and also announcing thu limo of her orri val. \- IJuving done that, she felt she had won the first move in the gamo ; -and when silo passed the Indian she noticed thal he was watching closely éveryono who came on to the platform, - and had titus seen her. Hut she was not so nlarined as «lie wuuld have been before sending the telegram. (To be continued ) 