ADVERSITY'S STRANGE BEDFELLOWS; OR, 4. RUINED HOME. [BY SKIPP BORLASE.] Author of "Shrouded in • Mystery, ^Murdered at Mid-day," " Who Killed John Can iron?" "Darker than Death," "An Ocean Secret," "Recalled to Life," "Richts to Ruin," "Both Princess and Police Spy." \ CHAPTER XXH. GEOBGE'SLIFE AND SEASON BOTH IN DANGER. Meanwhile George had flown London- wards like one in a dream. "He had nothought for anything bat his own danger, and in the almost opaque darkness, he seemed to see dancing gibbets, and the pale Weeding face of Enoch Meek gibing and mocking him. Never was the nightmare more terrible, and exactly as one in a nightmare did he labour on,' feeling nothing of the hurt that he had received that very morning, for maddening thoughts drove all bodily feelings away, and abovsMl other incidents there recurred again and agajn unto him that interview about a fortnight back with his. sister, at the bottom ofthe garden, wherein he had told her twice that he would kill Enoch Meek if he injured her. • - \- " AnjJ'now the threat uttered half in jest and half in passion has been carried out," he vailed to himself; " and -who will believe that I <3id not intend the pistol to go off. when it did? "True, he-deserved his fate; but yet hurrying snob a wicked man into eternity, with all his crimes on his, head, is a terrible thing; -The-law will call'it murder, too', and in a few hours the hue and cry will be raised after me throughout the country 1"'and poor George hurried on still faster than before. Never did he imagine that his father would be • in. any danger from his act. or he would have turned back and given himself up at once.. \- When the lad had quitted the dark country roads and lanes for the, at first, dimly lighted 'suburbs of. the metropolis, he watched for the black glazed bat covers _ of the police—for helmets were unknown in these days—with far more dread and apprehension than ever had been felt by the most rascally little London pickpocket. Hi ran at the bare sight of one, even when ever so far away, so that he was continually losing himself in.toi£uous thoroughfares, and «'ay was beginning to dawn by the time that he found himself - in the- neighbourhood of Covent Garden. Then terror, whioh had given him artificial strength for so long a time, suddenly, left him, and thB pain of the accident returned with tenfold intensity to his side; his head felt ae though it were about to split asunder, his legs trembled beneath him, a . great heat appeared to scorch and burn him up, and whilst he was vaguely wondering what all this could mean .he grew sick and giddy; bouses seemed to reel around him; the pavement too became like the undulating waves of the ocean ; and-with a cry. he reeled and fell, his head coming in contact with a kerbstone. "Halloa, here's another drunk and incapable, Bill," said X55 to Z101, as they .crossed the street to the spot where George lay. They were accustomed', to drunk and incapablo people in that locality, -where the Coal Hole, the Cider Cellars, and Evans's disgorged their votaries in the small hours of the morning. They.were about to lug George oS to the station-house, therefore, when a kindly market gardener, who had been keeping one eye on the tmloading of his wagon and the other on their proceedings, remarked, in tones of strong feeling, not unmixed with indignation • 1 "He's more dead than drunk, that, poor lad is; and if yon take him to the stationhouse instead of the hospital, as'I know your numbers, perhaps I'il'have a pretty good'ease against you for manslaughter, my lads." This caused the two policemen to look again at the object of their ministration, and then \- they, saw that the market gardener was right, and that the lad was really ill. "'All right, don't growl: for we are going to take him to Hospital," said one of thbm, therefore, and off to. King's College they bore him forthwith. • Happily, perhaps, for George, he did not begin to rave until he had been left there and put to.bed; but even when the House Surgeon was doing his beat to fathom the nature of his illness, he .burst forth with the most wild and " incoherent exclamations', accusing himself of hlivirig parpefcrated every murder that had found report in the newspapers during the preceding six months. In vain did the surgeon and the nurses seek to extract from him information that should afford them a clue who be was, and where he ' had come from.'' - /Though mad, his madness had as usual a method in it, and he Taved of everything but his parents, his home,, and • thB one real crime that he believed he had committed, "He has had some fearful,nerve shock that I cannot at present account for," said the doctor at length to the nurse. "But what he is-immediately in for is an attack of brain feber, so severe that.it will be tbe_ mercy of Providence more th^n my ski!! if his life and his reason are both of them spared to him." CHAPTER XXIH. NELLYS IN HEB NEW* HOME—PHANTOM BECOL- * - KECTIONB. ^And «U this while what is our beautiful blue-eyed Nellie doing? . By-the time that she bad fnlly recovered the entire ase of her reasoning faculties, for it will be remembered that she had been in some degree still under mesmeric control daring the whole of the lilarriage .ceremony, the carriage that had. borne~her away from the old house in Scott&yard;, Bush-lane, had drawn up before a very different looking mansion in the inost fashionable part cf Mayfair.. .The footman sprang from the box and gave a thundering knock at the hall door, which was immediately opened, permitting a flood of rosy light to gleam out into the darkness. . ' The flunkey then flung open the carriage door, and Lord Bertie, springing out, assisted his.bride to alight, Sir Dunban descending the last of ill. •• ' 1\. "I shall-bid you good-night here, my lord," said he, ".And, in parting, I again wish you and your fair bride every happiness that earth cad afford." ' / - "Such at least as I shall permit the enjoyment of," he muttered in an undertone to himself as tie walked away. " Poor fools, how helples6 each will be in my hand if I only,pull the wires properly. The love-birds are as much mine in their gilded cage as though I had Snared them as other birds are snared on Hampstead Heath or in Greenwich Park. Ha, ha, ha, ba! I can sell them for a good price, too,-whenever I have a mind." And with the amiable resolve of doing so whenever. h e could make the most profit by the transaction, Sir Duncan Drawlington wended his way to a gambling club whereof he was a member. Moan while. Lord Bertie showed blue-eyed Nellie over her new home. : It was a small but sumptuously furnished house — drawing-room, dining- room, and breakfast parlour were all fitted up with equal splendour: but beauty and refined t'aSte culminated in Nellie's boudoir, a sweet little room, overlooking a perfect bijou garden, and whose' entire carpeting and Upholstery was azure blue and rose colour, whilst the , furniture was of ebony inlaid with ivory in ' jnatiy, quaint and fanciful devices. •\ "This is your own fairy bower, darling," said Lord Bertie, after Nellie's blue eyes had taken in everyjietail of the elegant apartment, even to the crystal gasalier with its hundreds \- of littledanglinglustres and half-dozen burners enclosed by globes of l pink ground glass. "Will my Queen of Beauty be happy in this pretty nest?" " Oh Bertie, happier far than any Queen has been before me. But let mo sit down and try to collect my thoughts. Can it be true that we have-been married? I really feel as if I was awakening from a dream, and, oh, the .sensation is so strange. I have no distinct memory of what has taken place since we parted .at the dancing rooms last night. What nave I done all day? I'shonld have said 'good- \- bye' to father and mother." "All day—what have you done all day!" laughed Lord• Bslmont. "My wee birdie should ask what has she been doing the whole week, for seven days and nights bave passed away since i we last met at the dancingrooms. " Nellie sank into a chair on-hearing this, and jurexpression of pain passed over her face. A week!" exclaimed she. "Oh, no, no, no I Don't tell me that, for it is wicked to utter a falsehood, even in jest. It was last night that we parted there, and it—ves it really seems to me that I have slept ever since, and oh! I have suffered such frightful dreams, such hideous nightmares; you could never imagine anything so terrible." *' My darling, I'm truly grieved to hear you talk like this," said Lord Bertie, gazing at her wonderingly. " But it is-as true that we parted seven nights ago as that we were lawfully wedded to each other scarcely an hour $ince.*' "Wedded? Then we are wedded, Bertie! X do not remember quite clearly. I know that J draained that we were wedded—and, oh, in -whata horrible place!—and the demon was looking on—the demon that haunted and tortured me throughout my nights." _ And as she concluded, Nellie shuddered and j -cast such a terrified glance around that Lord < ;Bertie's gaze was fearfully frightened in fol-' lowing hers. J *' Oh Nellie, darling Nellie!" he exclaimed, ' an instapt later, throwing himself on his knees before her and clasping her hand in his; " you are ill -you are very ill. The excitement has been too much for 1 you. I will send for a doctor immediately, at once " "No I don'-t think that I am ill, responded I Nellie, thoughtfully. "Dreamingand night-1 jnares are not illness. I feel quite well now; only I can't quite understand things—that s alL You eay we have been married, dear Bertie, and I cannot make.it out." f " I can; though, Nellie," laughed Lord Belmont, though rather uneasily. "You are mine, right enough, and no power an earth can pact us, for what God has joined together in the holy sacrament of marriage no man dare put asunder. Behold, dear, here is the special licence, ahd'tiere is the marriage certificate—or what I suppose you would call the * marriage lines.' Refresh your memory by a glance at both, and then you shall retain the latter whilst I keep the former." "Yes, dear," said Nellie, after she had glanced over both with intense and yet bewildered interest.. "We are married. I sea it—I feel it too, now. It was no dream. It was a truth—a reality. But, oh God!" and here an expression of poignant agony came into her blue eyes, and her hitherto musical voice rose almost into a shriek—"what if all the rest was a realty likewise? If part was not a dream, why should the rest be? Ob, Lord Bertie—husband—leave me, I am not fitted for you!" " Nellie, now I know that you are ill!" exclaimed his Lordship. "Not fitted for me, indeed! A being of rare and celestial beauty, rather, for whom the whole of my life I will look upon as one only a very little lower than the angels! I tell you what it is Nell, my darling; if you are not better in five minutes I'll send for a doctor, whether you will it or no. I am sure that the excitement has been too much for you. The separation from your parents" "My parents!—oh, yes; my father and mother—my brother George, too. Why, I have not seen them for & whole week. He—he would not let me go home, the man—the demon. He fascinated me with his eyes, and then he grew si> big—so big and frowning and terrible, and his two eyes seemed to change into one, and that one in the centre of his forehead. When I saw it there a great humming came into my ears, and I seemed to grow sick and to sink back into space. Then my dreams aod my hideous nightmare's began, and they seem to have afflicted me ever since. Oh, they were nothing but dreams, were they?" "Nothing, my love, nothing," replied Lord Belmont to reassure her. But he felt strangely uneasy the while, for a fearful presentiment of he knew not what came over him. He dared not cross-examine Nellie in her present state, however, lest he should drive her mad. Perhaps she was mad already! Yes; the dreadful suspicion ifrould find a home in his heart and brain, strive to drive it forth as he would. Perchance insanity was in her family, and the excitement she had gone through for his sake had given birth to the fell monster. _ A mad wife? Oh, how terrible! A young girl in her teens as mad as she waB lovely, and such a madness, too—sad, heartrending fate! The mere contemplation of such a catastrophe almost caused Lord Bertie's reason to forsake him likewise. \- " I forbid you to speak any more on these Subjects until to-morrow, darling," said he. "Supper will be by this time laid in the breakfast parlour. Let as adjourn thither. A glass or two of wine, a mouthful of solid food, and a«good night's rest will banish all the&9 gloomy and morbid fancies, and with the bright sunshine my Nellie will be herself again." Nellie smiled faintly, in reply, and said that she hoped so; and so they quitted the charming boudoir, and descended to the pretty breakfast parlour, where a bright fire burned in the polished steel grate, and the supper-table was laid with considerable elegance. Nellie tried to eat, bpt made a miserable failure of it, for her mind'was painfully busy, striving to account for the events of the past week, to evolve fact out of chaos, to turn shadowy phantoms into some sort of form and substance; but without avail. Lord Bertie opened a bottle of champagne, and insisted on Nellie's drinking a couple of glasses right off. No sooner had she finished the second, however,' than she shrieked aloud, and sank back amongst the sofa cushions in a deep swoon. Lord Bertie's terrors on her behalf culminated on beholding this. - He tugged away at the bell-rope until it came down in bis'hand; and when the frightened domestic'replied to the frenzied appeal, be could only exclaim—* "Run for the nearest doctor. Bring him hither at once, -and return not without one on penalty of a discharge." \ As a natural consequence half a dozen domestics rushed forth in search of one physician, and soon six sons of ^sculapius were standing beside Nellie's couch. Opinions as to the nature and probable consequences of Nellie's mysterious attack varied considerably; but when Lord Bertie, had explained as much as he could the exoitement she had lately gone through, all six declared that it was that which had wrought the mischief, and -that quiet, with the administration of a sedative, was the only thing to be done for her. And, when all had gone, the jolly, joking Matron, who had been constituted head of the establishment, changed her office into that of nurse, and, aided by two Btrone handmaidens, Nellie, still unconscious, was carried upstairs and put toted; and then shaded lamps were lighted, curtains drawn, boots discarded, for list slippers, and the whole -house became as silent—though doors were constantly opening and figures gliding to and fro—as if it were tenanted by ghosts. Lord Bertie finished the bottle of champagne himself and made considerable inroads on another, sighing and moaning meanwhile, and inwardly accusing Providence of having been most unkind to him. At last, however, he managed to go to sleep in his arm-chair, with his feet on the fender, and_ there he slumbered on with broken sleep until the sun had risen. (To be continued To-morrow.} 