" HAMLET." Mr. Wilson Barrett's production of "Hamlet" has bean awaited with much interest, because it was understood that his conception of the "melancholy Dane" was altogether at variance with, recognised tradition. On Tuesday at the Theatre Boyal, before a house in which not a vacant seat was to be seen, the curiosity was set at rest. And what of the result ? Is Mr. Wilson Barrett's Hamlet the Hamlet of Shakespeare ? That is a question which none can answer. There is a Hamlet of the commentators, or rather several of them. But what Shakespeare's own conception was affords scope for the widest conjecture. Perhaps he pre- sented his Hamlet to the critics as one flings a bone to a dog, to give them something to gnaw at. And gnaw they certainly have. Is there any character in the whole range of drama that ^has provided more food for disquisition ? It has " a literature of its own. Hen have been con tent to ponder it for a lifetime. Mr, Wilson Barrett does not help tb solve the problem. Bather he complicates it. His 3 impersonation suggests that Hamlet's ego is not so much an enigma after all, and it distinctly suggests that the.commentators, if they have not made much ado -aban;. nothing, have at any rate created, as a monument to their own critical acumen a Hamlet that Shakespeare would not have ' X; recognised. In this respect he ù 1^ not, however, wholly singular. Others ^ before him have thought that they ^ had at last succeeded in fathom« ing the mystery of Shakespeare's '* creation, but no theory has yet been found which can be regarded as flawless. The most generally-accepted conception is pro- bably that of Goethe, who, taking as his .. key the well-known lines The time is out of joint.-O cursed spite 1 ¿ That ever I was,boru to set it right, declaras that it is clear that Shakespeare intended to describe a soul unfit forth« task laid upon it. Coleridge, who looking \ at Hamlet appears to have seen the renee tion of himself, describes him as possessing a great and almost enormous intellectual activity and a proportionate aversion to '~; real action. To neither of these readings does Mr. Barrett give assent. So far as <| he can be said to adopt the .view of any - fi commentator, he seems to fall in with that ' ';'?'-] of UlricL * It was the opinion of this ^ 7fB| acute critic that an undue amount of emphasis had been attached to the trait pf '%^ indecision. Indeed,-he would hot admit ' that there was any indecision, but buly a determination on the part bf Hamlet to "H know that his will was always guided by '77y% his thought. Passages, of course, are not - wanting to support Ulrici's judgment. ..^ Perhaps the concluding lines in the play - ' are the strongest as indicating what Shake- speare intended as the opinion of Hamlet's 7U. contemporaries. It is here that Portinbras .3 says Let four captains Bear Hamlet, like a soldier, to the stage, /. For he was likely, hal he been put on, . ; To have proved most royally. ; í ! The subject might be pursued much ; further did either time or Bpace permit, ', but for the present itjfaust be sufficient to . | say that Mr. Wilsfli Barrett, if not basing his concepnbn on that of Ulrici, either consciously or unconsciously "?:í¿ follows it very closely. He does not show us a Hamlet delaying his vengeance either '?% from indecision or fear, but, in .the first 7% place, in order that he may obtain con- firmation of the King's guilt, and again \- that confirmation having been se- * cured-because he will not allow the King " to go to his grave just at the moment when he has made his peace with Heaven. Accept Mr. Barrett's premises, and it may be admitted that his study of the part ;is consistent and effective in all. points. But so strong is the hold of tradition and of ?* ?' the accustomed, that it is to be feared that there are many who will refuse to go with him thus far. A thoroughly logical and . practical Hamlet, who requires some further :4. proof of the King's guUt than a ghostly ; vision, and who will not kill his victim i¿ until he can feel sure that he is sending ~ him to damnation will not be to their taste. They will demand a character more subtle, mora metaphysical, more in keeping with some of the best known pas- sages, particularly the Immortal lines . ?. beginning, " To bs or not to be," that Shakespeare has put into bis hero's Z mouth. So experienced an actor as Mr. Barrett has no difficulty in expressing . ? .'r* the more obvious emotions of Hamlet, and his delivery of th9 famous soliloquy, of the advice to the players, and of the passage beginning, "Alas, poor Yorick?" In the churchyard scene, was in each in- stance an admirable example o! well-balanced elocution. The theorj that Hamlet was mad, or partly mad, finds no favour with Mr. Barrett. In the scenes with Polonius this is emphasised so strongly that it may be questioned whether the pretence is not made too obvious. But, still, after making all deductions, there is this to be said we are given a flesh and blood Hamlet, not a mare impersonal platitudinarian, .ñ who stalks across the stage moaning and - v| moping, and incapable of any effective actio a. Mr. Wilson Barrett's Hamlet is ' not even afraid to *' poke fun " as the slang phrase goss, at Poloaiu3, and the. effect is ; decidedly refreshing. A Hamlet with a sense of humour is brought closer to or- dinary humanity. Professor Dowden has described Ophelia ? as "a tender little fragile soul, who might have grown to her slight perfection in some neat garden-plat of life." Accepting this interpretation of the character, it will be easily understood that it did not give much opportunity to Miss Jeffries. But her acting in tire mad scene, was a power- j fui exhibition, and secured the applause of -~ the audienoe. As Polonius, Mr. Horace Hodges avoided the pitfall into which many actors have fallen of making him merely a buffoon.. Mr. Carter Edwards |iñ the part of. the ? -King was dignified, and added a more emphatic note to -his impersonation, when the occasion demanded it As. the Queen, Miss McCarthy looked too youthful, even . accepting Mr. Wilson Barrett's views as to the age of Hamlet and his mother, hut her lines were delivered with that clearness of enunciation which gained for her applause last week as Emilea, in \- Othello." The part of the First Grave diggeris one that affords fine opportunities for a clever comedian, but it cannot be said that Mr. Ambrose Manning succeeded in rising above respect- able mediocrity. Mr. Edward Irwin, as the Ghost, delivered his lines in a sufficiently sonorous manner. The other characters, including Lortes and Horatio, were, it must be confessed, somewhat colourless, bnt it has always been a diffi- culty to place " Hamlet " on theatage with a cast strong at. every point. On the mounting .nothing but praise can be. bestowed. The .scenery is beautiful and the costumes are no less appropriate than V- ? effective. fe'' ** Hamlet" was repeated on Wednesday. Iffe-'--/" Last evening " Ben-My-Chree " was ll?1' ' staged, and.it will be repeated te-nightat ||?>" .'.3Br. Wilson .Barrett's farewell perform 