\- ICAPTER XXII.-THE MAID OF THE ' MOUNTAINS. "Isflie mad?"' Such was Burt 3ra.xton's query when .h1 aw the Monarch of the Mountains walk away out of earshot, his rifle upon his shoulder, as though he was going outitto look for game, human or other :: The.girl at the question answered O:dltly: "Yes, and no." S"Who is he?" "The Monarfh of the .Mountatns, .tas ;.)ipu heard hint call himself." "What is he"' "What does he do?" "Lives with one aim in life." A"nd that is-" "Walt and find out.' "And you?" "What do you mean?" " Who are you?" "Zulita." "Are you his daughter?' - The girl placed her finger upon her linps- in tolken df'silence, but:the?? young man persisted: - "Are you .his daughter?" "You heard what he said." "That is no answer."' "I can give no other." ' ,?met him once before, and rescued him from some ipen who would have lshanged him. I am clad that he remem boered the act, or I should have shared *my poor companion's fate." -. , "No; he should not-have' killed you." S "Well, yes, I recall now that you saved my life. before he recognised me, and I o?we, you my deepest gratitude." "No, I could not see father kill you." She said the, words in a way that made 'the young -man. regard her- with` still deeper Interest, and he added: :'Well, but for you he would havie done so." - r"Why did you come here?" I will tell you frankly, for I feel that I cn. I amni as:I said, a settler down on the plains between the ranges. I am alone in the world. ' I .knocked about until I came out here and put the little money I.had in cattle and a frontier Shome. . '::.'I had several cowboys on the ranche, on?e oft_ whom your father killed. lie was an old borderman, and I believe had b" een a rather hard citizen, for when anyone came to my ranche he went In rnnn to hiding.. 3ut he served:me well; .nd wvlien nay horse was killed li anf Indian flight six:months ago, he risked his life to" colne back and save me. and did. " Well, he told me one: day a secret, and that was that Major Gunnison and his men, who were murdered years ago, or at least never heard of, had found a gold mine. somewhere in these moun tains, and the Indians, led by white men, had massacred them a'l." "This man, Buck Birney, said that ht could lead me to where the mine was, and so I started ?ith him. His.greatest fear seemed *to be of a weird creature, said to'be the spirit of the dead major, that guarded the mine, and known as the Ghost of the Mountains, for it had been seen-by many persons. "He also told me that the outlaws known as the idldnighters'had their re treat in the mountains,and though mak-. Ing raIds upon the trails and settlements from time to time,. were constantly on the search for this mine; so we had theni to dread as well hs the Guardian Ghost or Spectre Sentinel-of the mine, as 'he also spoke.of this'pretended weirdcrea ture.· . "Well, we had got up Into the moun talns, and that hie knew the way I was sure from the manner in which he led me along the trails. He had evidently been here before. As he urged it, I con sented, if-heldi'p, to offer no resistance at first and take our chances of escape afterwards. sen we" were held up you were tile one, fafr Zullta--" "Sister, you 2eowi I am to be." "Ab,seyo:'l shall so consider you. Now I ni've told you my story, so tell me who you are." -? "*I do not know." "Why are yod here?" "I cannot tell you." "I cannot." ' : "Are there' 'thers here .besides that ma-and the two of, s?" "No living o-e." ' And she. spo:e In a tone that was full of atwe, aal cevsed the young'ranchem to mutter: "I bcllieve tl:, pair of them are mad. How long have you been here?" "T do not know" "Answer me one question." "Yes." "Do you wish to remain here?" "Yes." "And this is your home on this moun tain-top?" - "To- day It is;-to-morrow we have ans other home." "Where?" ' "Down in the valley?" "What valley?" "Call it the-Valley of Death, " she said, Impressivyely,, and. then added quickly: "But"youa're to help; and you can do much good; and will, I know. I will tell you what you are-to'-do. and maybe some time all this life will end, for you can do what.I cannot, for-I am only a girl." "Yes, but a brave one I recall, when I think how you.roped DBuck and me in, and called our old daddy, down when he wanted to kill me," laughed the -fung ranchero.: .' r 