AN IRISH STORY BY C. M. Beautifully situated in « pleasant valley of the White Knight's country, at the foot of llio Gaiter Mountains, was the cabin of Larry Dodd and his wife. They rented a cabin and a few aoree of land, which they cultivated with great care. Thoy were in dependent, and respootedby their neighbors ; thoy lov6d each other in a matrimonial sort of way, and few had more appearance of comfort about them. Larry was a hard working, and occasion ally hard drinking, Dutch-built little man, with a fiddle head and a round body, a Bteady-going, straight-forward fellow, only when he carried too much whisky ; then, it must be ooufessed, iie could not walk the chalked lino with perfeot accuracy. He had a moiat, rnady countenance, rafher inclined to an expression of gravity. Take it alto gether, he was generally looked upon as a proper person, notwithstanding the fact that ho had every day in the year, a sort of un holy dew upon hia face, even in the ooldest weather, which gave rise to a supposition that Larry was apt to iudnlge in strong po tations. However, all men of talents have their faults—indeed, who is without them ?— and Larry, sotting aside hiB weakness, wee a most distinguished men. He was a man of mixed habits, in his mode of life, his drink and his costume. Iris drees accorded with hie character—a sort of half-and-half between farmer and horse jookey. He wore a blue coat of coarse cloth, with abort skirts and a standing collar ; his waitcoat was red, n::d his lower habiliments were made of leather, which, in course of time, had shrunk so much that they lilted like a Fecund akin, and long use had absorbed their moisture to such a degree that they made a orackling noise as ha moved along. A hat covered with oil skin, a whip, all worn and jagged at the end, a pair of second-hand, or, to speak more cor reatly, second-footed, greasy top-boots, that seemed never to have scon a blacking-brnsh, and ,onc spur with a rowel, completed the everyday dress of Larry Dodd. Time equipped was Larry returning from Cashel, mounted on a rough-coated and one eyed nag, though, notwithstanding these and a few other trifling blemishes, a well-built animal; having just purchased the said nag, with a fancy that ho could make his own money again, and maybe turn r.n odd penny more by it at tbo ooming Kildorry fair. Larry, well pleased with himself, trotted along the road in the lingering twilight of a \ lovely June evoning, thinking of nothing at all, only whistling and wondering would horecs always bo so low. “ If they go at thin rate,” said ho to him telf, “ for half nothing, and that paid in bnttor-bnyera' notes, who would bs the fool to walk ?” This very thought indeed vraa passing through Ilia mind, when hie attention was I aroused by a woman pacing quickly by the j aide of bin horse, ar.d hurrying on as if j ondsavoring to reach her destination before j uight closed in. Her figure, considering tbe I long strides she took, appeared to bo under ' the common sice—rather of the dumpy order, but whether the damsel war. young, old, fair or brown, pretty or ugly, Larry could form no notion, owing to the fact of her wearing a large cloak, the hood of which was turned up end completely concealed every I featuis. I Enveloped ir. this moss o’ dark and eon- j dealing drapeiy, without much exertion the I strange woman contrived to keep up with | Larry Dodd's sic-ed for somo time, when his j master very civiilv offered her a lift behind him as far as be was going her way. “ Civility begeta civility,” they say; however, he re ceived no answer, and thinking that the lady’s silence proceeded only from bashful ness, like a man of true gallantry, not a word more said Larry, until he pulled up by the side of a gsp, and then oaid he: " Uy little girl just jump up behind me without a word more, though never a one have you Epoke, and I'll take you safe and sound through the lonesome bit of road that fe before us.” She jumped at the offer, sure enongh, and up with her on the back of the horse, as light as a feather. In an instant she was seated bonind Larry, with her hand and arm buckled around hia waist,holding on. “ I hope you’re comfortable there, tny dear I” said Larry, in his good-humored But there was no answer, and on they went—trot, trot, trot, along the road—and all was so still that you might have heard the sound of the hoofs a mile off; there was nothing else to hear except the moaning of a distant stream that kept np a continued crooning, like a nurse hushing a babe. Larry, who had r. keen ear, did not, how ever, require so prolound a eilence to detect the cliok of one of the shoes. “ 'Tis only loose the shoo io,” said he to his oompanion, as they wore just entering on the j lonely bit of road, Somo old trees, with brnuohea festooned with ivy, grew over a dark pool of water, wbioh had been formed as a drinking place for cattle. Hero the. horse made a dead halt, and Larry, not knowing what vicious trickE | bis new purchase might have, and unwilling that, through any odd ehanoe, the young woman should get “ spilt ” in the water, die mounted, thinking to lead the animal past the pool. ” By the piper’e luck, that always found what he wanted," said Larry, recollect ing himself,” I’ve a nail in my pocket;'tie not the iirr-t time I’vo put on a shoe, and maybe it won’t be the last, for here ie no want of paving BlonC3 to make hammers in plenty." No eoonc-r was Larry off than off with s swing came the woman, just at his side. Hoi feet touched the ground without making the leaBt noise, and nway she bounded, like an ill-niBnnered orcature as she was, withoui Baying " By your leave,” or no matter what else. She seemed to glide rather than run, not along the road, but across a field, up toward the old ivy-covorcd walls ol Kilnaslattery Churoh—and a pretty ohurel “ Not so fast, if £you please, yount woman, not so fast," oried Larry, calling 'after her. But away sho ran, and Larry fol'owod, his leathern garments already describee crack, crack, crackling at every stop hr ' “ Where’s my wages ?” Baid Larry. ” Givr me a kiss, my girl; sure, I've earned s kiss from your pretty lips, and I'll have it, too !” Bat she went on faster and faster, regard less of these and other flattering speeciicE from her pursuer. At last she oame to the ohurchyard wall, and then over with her in an inBtant. “ Well, well I She’s a mighty smart crea ture, anyhow! To be sure how neat she (steps. Did anyone ever see tho like of that 'before? But I’ll not bo baulked by any woman that ever wore a head, or any ditch, either I” exclaimed Larry, as, with a desperate bound, ho vaulted, sarambled and tumbled over the wall into the ohuroh Op he got from the elastio sod of a newly made grave, in wbioh Yado Leary that morning was buried—rest his soul!—and on went Larry, stumbling over headstones and footstonee, over old graves and new graves, .pieces of ccfiins, and the akulla and bones ’of dead msn—the lord save us 1—that were 'scattered about there as plenty as paving ‘stones, floundering amid great overgrown 'dock leaves and, brambles that, with their (long, priokly arms became tangled around [bis limbs and held him baok with a fearful fgraBp. 1 Meantime the merry woman in the alaak , moved through all theee obstructions as ilvenly and ae gaily as if the ohurchyard, irowdsd up as it was with graves and grave, stones, had been tho Boor of a dancing room. Bound and round the walla of the old ohnroli she wont. ‘‘ I’ll just wait,” said Larry, seeing this and thinking it all nothing but a trick to frighten him. "When ebe comes round again, if 1 don’t take the kiss I won’t that’s all; and here she is I" Larry Dodd sprang forward with open aimB and clasped in them—a woman, it is true, but a woman without any lips to kies, by reason of her having no head I “ Murder !" cried he. “ Well, that ac counts for her not speakiDg 1" Having uttered these words, Larry him self became dumb with fear and astonish ment ; hie blood seemed turned to ice, and a dizziness came over him. Staggering like a drunken man, he rolled against the broken window of the ruin, horrified as the con viction that he had held a ghost in his em When he returned to something like a feel ing of consciousness heslowly opened his eyes, and then indeed a scene of wonder burst upon him. In the midst of tho ruin stood old wheel of torture ornamented with heads, This was plainly visible in the etrange light which spread itself around. It was fearful to behold, but Larry could not |hbbee but look, for b« w»b powirleii through wonder am! fear. lie woum r.&ve; enousta for lie1 jj, but bin tongue cleaved to the root of bia uioutb, and not one word could ho cay. His eyes almost Btarted from their sockets, his breast rested on the thickness of the wall, over which, on one Bide, his head and out eiretobcd nook projected, and on the other, although one toe touched the ground, it de rived no support from thenoe ; terror, ns it were, kept him balanced. Strange noises assailed his errs, until at last they tingled painfully to the sharp clatter of little bells, which kept up a continual ding-ding-ding. Murrowless bones rattled and clanked, and the deep and solemn sound of a great bell cotoe booming on the night wind. It was Btrango musio to dsnoe by ; never theless, moving to it, round and round the wheel set with skulls, were well-dressed indies and gentlemen, and soldiers and sailors, and j priests and publicans, and jockeys and Jonnies, but all without their heads, i Larry did not know what to think. His brains were ell in a mist, o.ud losing the balance which be had so long maintained, he fill head foremOBt into the midBt of the com pany ol ghosts. “I'm done tor and lost forever I” roared Larry, with his heels turned towards the stars; andsoueel down ho oame. 11 Welcome,Larry Dodd, weleomo I" oried every head, bi'bbing up and down in the air. “ A drink forjlarry Dodd!” shouted they as with one voice, that quavered like a shBkeon the bagpipes. No sooner said than done. One of the number presented a brimming etip to Larry, who, to show bia manners, drank it oil like a “ ;7is oapilal stuff,” he would have said, but he got no farther than “ cap ” when do capiiated wnslie, and his head began dancing over his shoulder. Larry, however, was not the first man v/ho lost his head through the temptation of looking at tho bottom of a brimming c«f. Nothing more did he re member clearly, for it stems body and head being parted is not very favorable to thought. When his senses returned hiB first aot was to put his bend to where his head formerly grew, and to his great ioy there ho found it still. lie tlyon, shook it gently, but bis head remained firm enough, and, somewhat re assured by this ho proceeded to open his eyeo and look around him. It was broad daylight, and in the old churchyard at KUnaslattery ho found himself, witb" his hGai 11 upon the lap of earth.” Could it have been an ugly dream 1 “ Oh, no," said Larry. “ A dream could never have brought he here, otretohed on the fiat ri my back, with tho death’s head and crose-bones tormenting me on the fine old tombstone cf Pat Kearney of Kilc-rea—but where is tho horse ?” He arose slowly, every joint aching from the bruises he had received, and wont to the pool of water, but no horse was “ 'Tie homo I must go,” said Larry with a rueful countenance. “But how will t face Nancy? What shall Itell her about the horse, and tho two pounds he cost mo? ’l’is them ghosts that have made their own of him from me, tho horse-stealing robbers of the world, that have no fear for tho gallows I But what's gone is gone, that’s a clear Sa saying he turned his steps homewnrd, and arrived at his cabin about noon without encountering any further adventures. There lie found Nanay who,r.s ho expected, looked as black ns?a thnnaer-eloud at him for being out all night. She listened to iiis marvellous rotation whiuh he gave with cxolamations of astonishment. When he had concluded, with expressions of grief nt the iors o£ the horse he had paid for like an honest man, she “ But what took yon up to the old churoh at nil, out of the road at that time of night, Larry looked like a criminal for whom there was no reprievo. Ho scratched hie head for an excuse, but not one oould he muster up, so he know not what to “0 Larry, Larry," muttered Nanoy, alter waiting for some time for his answer, "it's talking with a girl yon were—an’ yon a married man 1 Confess the truth!" Larry shuddered at the tempest which he perceived was now about to break upon his devoted head. “ Nancy,” Eaid he," I do oonfess. It was a woman without any head—” Hie wife heard no more. 11 A woman—I knew it was!" oried ehe. " Ilut a woman without a head, Larry 1 Well, it i3 long before Nanoy Gallagher ever thenght it would come to this with her I That 6he should be left desolate and alone here by her baste of a husband for a woman without a head 1 0 father, father, and mother, mother, it is well you are low to-day, that you don’t see this cfdiction and dis grace to your daughter that you rared decent and tender 1 O'i, Larry you villain !” i'ou’ll ba the death ol your lawful wife, talking with such vile ernythers 1” “ Well,” said I-arry, putting hie hands in his coat pookets, " least said is soonest mended. Of the young woman I know nothing; but this I do known, thKt a woman without a head may well be called a good woman, becauee she has no tongue 1” How this remark operated on the matri monial dispute I will leave my readers to im agine. It is, however, reported that Nanoy had the last Word. Mv first word to all men and hoys who care to hear me is, Don’t get into debt, starve and go to heaven, but don't borrow. Try first begging, I don’t mind, if it’s really nrcdlnl, stealing I ilut don’t buy things you can’t pay for !—lluskin. When the song’s gone out of your lifei you can’t start another while it's a ringing in your ears ; it's best to have a bit of silence, and out o'that maybe a psalm’ll oome by and by.—Edward Garrett. Tni; maelstrom attracts more notice thaD the quiet fountain . a comet draws mere attention than tho steady star, but it is better to be maelstrom, and star than comet following out the sphere and orbit of' quiet usefulness in which God places us._ John Hall. Affectations in any part of oar oarriage is lighting up a candle to our defects, and never fails to make us take notice of it, sither as wanting sense or sincerity. Most people would eucceed in email things if they were not troubled with great ambi tions.— Longfellow. Whether milch cows should be fed twice » day or turee times a day is a question whioh is agitating the dairymen in somo parts of the country; Tne advocates of feeding twice a day say that all ruminating animals should have plenty, of opportunity to chew their auda, or els(j their lood will not yield them its full nourishment. “ A cow that has been well fed in tue rooming makes her lunch by chewing her cud, and takes so much oomfort in it that Ehe makes more mill; than she would by eating another meal at noon." The only wiiy to settle thiB question is by actual experiment and careful comparison of results. ' '' TnEnE are only twenty-nine freetraders in the FrenohParliament, the remainder of the deputies standing up Btoutly for the protea tive home industry creed of the Thiers school Tue largest body of freBh water on the globe ie Lake Superior. It is 400 milcB long; 100 miles wide at its greatest breadth, and has an area’of 32,000 Equare mileB. ' A machine that cuts matcbstieks makes ten millions.a day. They are arranged oyer a vat, andlhavo the headB pnt on at the rate of eight thousand per day by' one The water lily is largely used in some parts of India aha foodstuff. The nuts that oome fromilone species when dried and ground are? made into cakes whioh have a flavor Gimily to that of ohestnnte, A planter in South Carolina has suo cceded in prorogating the male cotton plan* by iteelf, uittil he now can raise cotton seed without thoj lint or eotton. The gain ap pears to be& the increased yield of seed. The largest bell ia the world is the grea1 bell of hlosiinw, at the foot of the Kremlin ItB oiraumfwence at the bottom is nearly sixty-eight feet, and its height is twenty.om feet. Its weight has been oomputed to b( 443,772 pounds. Count Obusdonet’s invention of artificial ailk, made from cellulose, received a gold medal at'the Paris exposition. The mate rial, while .indistinguishable from r6al silk and produced at quarter of the cost, is dan gerously inflammable. A line drawn from the aentre of the heel ti the centre ;'of the great toe is called thi " Meyer's line." It shows that the range o! the feet iB scarcely ever the same in two in dividuals, i ind, therefore, to expect a fii Uatiii toexpeet thiimpoi from nnifoi phi* 