Confirmation at St. Mary's. OK Friday, 18th inst., Hie Grace Arch bishop Dunne arrived in Warwick, And on Sunday administered the sacrament of con firmation to 215' children, 118 girls and 97 boys. These children have for some time past been well grounded in the precepts of their faith, and in this good work the Uisters of Mercy have spared no efforts to have the chil dren properly prepared for the important cere mony which took place last Sunday. Long before the time arrived for the celebration of 11 o'clock mass the spacious sacred edifice was crowded to such an extent that late arrivals were scarcely ablo to obtain standing room. When the candidates assembled at 11 o'clock seats were reserved for them within the sanc tuary ; the girls robed in their white frocks and thai boys in smart suits presented a Aost at tractive appearance. As the venerable Arch bishop, who had baptised many of their parents, subsequently remarked the children of the Downs are among the grandest in Australia; they have no superiors. His Grace looked ex ceedingly well, and spoke with all his old-time clearness and vigour. The first mass was oelebrated by His Graoe, assisted by the Bev. J. J. Horan, and seoond mass by tbe Bev. J. K. O'Brien, at the con clusion of which the Arohbishop, previous to administering the sacred rite, delivered the customary preliminary address to the ablidren. In the clearest and simplest of language, he explained that when tbey were little children they were brought to theohuroh to be baptised, and tbeir sponsors entered into coovenants with God that they would love bim and serve bim all the days of tbeir lives; and God promised to them all neoessaiy help in this world end eternal happiness in the next. That was the aontract or covenant entered into by the . childrea»' sponsors on their behalf and by the priest on the part of God at the time of their baptism. When baptised they ware received imo the body of the Christian ohurob, and tbey became in the words of St. Paul '* Heirs to tbe Kingdom of God." Tbe children were now supposed to be old enough to know what tbey Mere doing, to be aoquainted with the principles of tbe laws of God, and being so ao qoainted they came forward and oonfirmed the oovenaut of their baptism, and benoe the saora-. raent was called confirmation. Tbe children oonfirmed on tbeir part what their sponsors promised for them, and tbe Arohbishop or Bishop oonfirmed on the part of God the pro mise made by God at tbeir baptism in order that tbe saorament may be oarried out in the true spirit. One was tbat they should be old enough to realise the responsibilities they in curred, and the other was that tbey should sufficiently understand the law of God. The catechism was but an explanation fitted to their minds of the ten commandments. His Grace then went on to briefly explain the com mandments. The first three, be said, defined their duty to God, the fourth referred to tbeir parents, and ths flitb, sixth, seventh, and eigbt laid oat tbe whole relations between man and man in this world. Man had lour- rights in this world, the right tojiis life, the right to his family, the rigbt to his property, and the right to bis obaraoter. Tbe commandments covered these rights. They must respect their neigh bours' life-" Thou shalt not kill"; tbey must respect tbe members of their neighbours' family-" Thou shalt not oommit adultery"; they must respect tbeir neighbours' property "Thou shalt net steal"; they mast respeot their neighbours' obaraoter-" Tbou shalt not bear fane witness against tby neighbour." Tbe sacrament of confirmation consisted of three parts. The first was the Bishop extending bis hands over those to be eoofirmed, the second was the sign of tbe eross (the holy cbriBm), and the third was when the Bishop prayed to the Holy Ghost io come down and take possession of those boly souls and bodies tbat had beeu oooseoratsd to bim. Tbe sign of tbe cross was God's seal upon earth from beginning to end. Miss Lizzie Oox acted as sponsor for the girls, and Ur. John Healy for tbe boys. His Grace, assisted by the Bevs, J. J. Horan aud J. K. O'Brien, aJmioistered ths sacrament to the children, after which be delivered a eecjnd address whioh was pregnant with good advice as to tbeir future. He warned them against the rocks on tbeir course in tbe voyage oi life. The tbree most-dangerous rocks whiob UiB Grace wished io draw psrtioular attention to were idleness, bad company, and forgeiful ness of God. On eaoh of these His Graoe dwelt at some length. Idleness was tbe ruin of tboasaode. He believed in sohools for tbe education of the youib, but of what avail was eduoation if idleness crept in. It generally led to make them loafers. The result of bai com pany led to gambling, drinking, and bad lan guage. He advised the parents to be more Cdrelol, and see wbat company their children kept, to provide a borne for them, and settle them on ths land, instead of allowing them to roam about the wilds of tbe bush. At tbe conclusion of the address the Arch bishop administered a pledg; to the children that they would abstain from all intoxicsting liquors until they were 25 years of age. He remarked tbat if any parent bad any objection to tbeir ebildren being under each a pledge tbey bad only to communicate with him, and he would not register suoh children as having taken it. At the morning servioe the ohoir, under the efficient eonductorsbip of Miss MoEvoy, ren dered excellent religions mnsio. Before 11 o'clock mass tbe ohoir rendered tbe " Hsgni fioat," andduring the service rendered Schmidt's " Mass." At the confirmation ceremony " Veoi Creator Spiritus" was sung. The proceedings closed with Zingarelli's " Intadate," the solo part being effectively gendered fay Ur. £, W. Muljer, In (he evening the servioe oommsnoed with tbe vespors, followed by another sermon by His Grace, and the Benedlotion. The text taken was "Tbe Prodigal Son"-St. Luke, 15 chap., 11th to the 32nd verse-and from it hedrew a /ery vivid piolureof the tar offland of sin, its various miseries, and then the weloome of the Father, Jesus Christ, for (be Prodigal Son-the sinner. 