Motes and Mews. Our second supplement contains the follow ing reading matter in addition to advertise ments : — English Mail News ; A New South Wales Failway Story ; The Hero of the Merrimac ; The Armament of a Modern Cruiser; M. de Eougemont's Tall Stories ; Legal Subtleties' the Council's solicitor, Mr. 3?. 1. Power, took advantage' of the visit of Mr. Sellheim, Under Secretary for Mines, to wait on him on Thursday in reference to the issuing of a title to the Council for'Tozer Park the gift of Sir Horace Tozer to the Municipality. The inaMer was talked over with Mr. Sell heiui. who promise! directly the necessary papers werd forwarded, to have the^Pmk vested in the Council.. ' ? . On Wednesday last there arrived by train Lieutenant - Colonal Eicardo, 'CO.QM.1, Captain Palharn, A. D C, and Ciptaia Chauval, who ai tended the pr«rade of B Company, Second llegiuier.t, under Captaia Steele and Lieutenant Bytheway, the same night, and examined Acting-Sergeant Poarmau of that corps in practical drill. On Thursday there were two commanding officers' parades of P Company, Q M I, at both of which there was a fair muster. At the afternoon paride Lieut enaut Hood and Ac '.ing-Sergeant Major Walker were put through their practical examinations, and; we are informed, acquitted themselves very creditably. Lieutenant-Colonel Kicardo and staff returned to Brisbane vesterday. The resolutions on the Drink Question passed at the public meeting held on Gympie last week were transmitted to the senior member for tiynipie, and, accom panied by his colleague, were presented by tiim to the Home Secretary on Thursday. Mr. Dickson promised to give them due consideration, and repeated in effect what he had stated in the Assembly on the previous day — that there was no intention on the part of the Government to introduce legi la tion on the subject this session, and. that he personally did not regard with favour the English system of allowing the houses to be openei for certain hours on Sundays. To-day's Queenslauder contains a full page of finely executed photographs of prize stock winners at the Gympie Show. In a brief notice of the Show it is remarked that the ' only section which showed to dis advantage Wis the mining, a fact the more unintelligible when the importance of Gympie as a mining centre is considered. There was little attempt at showing speci mens ot ores, &c.;' Our big contemporary's opinion is valuable as confirming the opiuiou this journal his long held that as a mining community we do not properly value our annual Exhibition as a medium for advertising .the field's mineral resources. At the Police Court yesterday, before Messrs. W. T. Chippindall and W. Clark, JJ.F., the adjourned case of abusive language of Jesse Green against L. Varr same on for hearing. Mr. 'P. 1. Power appeared for the complainant, but there burnt; no appearance of defendant a warrant was ordered to be issued for her arrest. George Stephens suminoued P. Murtagli for wages, alleged to be owing. Mr. Powec ap peared for the complainant ; Mr. Tozer for defendant, argued that the Bench had no jurisdiction, as the complaint should have been brought before the nearest Court of Jretiy sessions, wmen, in mis instance, wits Nambour. Evidence was adduced showing Nambour to have been proclaimed in the Government Gazette of Apiil 2-lfch, an I also that it was considerably nearer Kenil worth, where the litigants resided, tban (?iympie. 'The Bench allowed ttw plea without costs. S. Styner was summoned for using abuive language towards Belli Carswell, but not putting in an appearance a warrant was ordered to be issued for his arrest. A second -ca~e, in ivhich it w.is asked that Styjer fiud sureties for keeping the peace towards Bulla Carswell, was adjourned until an appearance was entered on the first charge. We have been requested to state that Mr. W. Clarke, J.P., who occupied the Police Court Bench on Thursday morning during tin hearing of an assault case, which was adjourned,'also sat with Mr. Mowbray, P.M., in the afternoon when the same case was further adjourned, Mr. Mowbray remarking' on the difficulty of getting a Bench to sit on a small Police Court case. A social gathering of the members of the JLOWn JiUiLlU. WMo neiu ii± luc jl' iccuiaouiio Hall, last night, when there was a fair muster present, to bid farewell tD the bandmaster, Mr. J. M. Jones, previous to his departure for Charters Towers. His Worship the Mayor occupied the chair, and had the guest of the evening on his left hand, and Aid. Ambrose, with Aid. JSuthsrs. on his right. - After the good things pro vided by Host Flay had been done full justice to, the chairman proposed the toast of 'The guest of the evening,' and pre sented him with a Glaistone travelling bag, accompanied by an address suitably woraad. Mr. Jones, who was much affected with the tokens of good will, and his approaching severance from many old friends and com panion?, responded in very feeling terms. Songs were rendered, and other toasts proposed during the evening-. The address may be seen at Cox and Eoberts' during the day. The secretary has supplied us 'with the following list of winners of general pro ficiency prizes in the juvenile section of the recent Show :— iJnder 18 years, E. Johnstone ; under 15 vears, F. Sadler; under 13 years, C. K. Smith ; under 11 years, A, Donald ; under 9 years, N. Jackson; under 7 years, P. Eames. The following names also appear as corrections and omissions in same section, in the award s.heet: — Quartette— 1st, N. Koppe, W. Lloyd, N. Brown, and A. Jack son ; 2nd, Y. Eedpath, L. Eedpath, B. Coe, C. Sarner ; 3rd, H. C. E. Brown, C. Merrin, B. Napier, B. Crossley. Pair Bootes, under 9 yeais — N. Jackson, 1st. Under 11 years: gong — 1st, D. Hodk'inson ; 2nd, B. Napier. Eecitation — 1st, F. isivyer ; 2nd, E. M'Fadden. Under 13 years : Set of under clothing — E. Johns, 1st. Under 15 years: Business letter with invoice— N. Cooke, 1st ; L. Lister, 2nd. Under 18 years t General' i T ? 17«*a GfiftnTnn lcf .- T^/M»a' U Anna knowieuge — j^v** mwhouj ?»*=»., x»ui« a^.\jjj^j and F. Piloher divide second. Ten questions i on Shakespeare's plays— D. Koppe, 1st ; B. j Geoige, 2nd; H. O. L. Scowan, M. Davies, , commended. That charming, interesting and instructive entertainment 'The Land of the Maori' will bs repeated in the Theatre Eoyal on Monday evening, the management having determined to break the return journey firom Bundaberg by a day's stay here. The admission tariff is most liberal, namely by 'silver coin.' It should attract a big at tendance of youngsters, and adults who have not already seen the entertainment, which is as novel as it is pleasing and instructive. ?Ratepayers in the Sandhills and Gympie estates, Division of Woongavra, are reminded by advertisement that their payments are now overdue. C. T. Nixon— We do not 'think tho general public take any interest in Mr. H. 4-. Long's refusal to debate with you in public certain 'religious propositions. Besides the matter appears to have been already discussed in the Maryborough papers. We therefore cannot find spice foryour letter. Sermons on behalf of the British and Foreign Bible Sooiety will be preached to morrow in the Methodist churches on Sur face Hill, Bed Hill, and One Wile ''and the Presbyterian church; and the annual public meeting will be held in the Presbyterian church on Monday evening. ? , A leoture, entitled 'Spiritualism, is it true or false ?' was delivered in the Tabev nacle, Orescent road; on Thursday evening, by Mr. C.T.Nixon. Mr- Nixon kept his audience interested throughout, and im parted much information as regards the scientist's view of spiritualism, or, as he preferred to designate it, ' spiritism.' The mediums, he contended, were mere hypno tized subjects, and he gave the challenge to any body of spiritualists ia the town that he could produce similar phenomena as pre generally obtained at spiritualistic seances. As far as his investigations regarding spiritualism hod gone, and having studied science in many departments, he could not believe it was true, ond in this conclusion he endeavoured to show he was borne out by well known scientific truths. Questions were invited at the close of the lecture, but only one was asked, which the lecturer dealt with at, length. He afterwards further entertained ' his audience with remarks on the appearauce of apparitions and ghosts, nn/3 avnlainori in a eitrinto tnjnno^* +Via r-mi(*a mum isa^£i*a&uirfiL; J.LX m oiiujJie aa*'«-aali&& uu^ vj(*lii3(j of their appearance. The members of the Gympie jJIine Manager*' Association will hbUt their annual social in thd Widgee Board's Hallon Monday evening.. The proceedings promise to be of more than ordinary interest, as the Minister for Mines (the-4Ton. B. Philp) and several mining members have, we understand, accepted invitations to be present. .? A meeting of the members of the Stock Exchange Company of Gympie was held on Wednesday, when the following were elected, directors : — Messrs. D. Scally, O. Elliott, F. Vaughan, A. E. Harte, 'and T. H. Cullinan. A t a subsequent meeting of the board, Mr. Vaughan was appointed chair man. The Salvation Army federated band of twenty players are visiting Gympio to-day and to-morrow, and accoidiu^ to accounts of their Northern tour they have had wonder ful success in the various towns they have visited. These players have been selected by Commandant Booth from the different colonies, and are making their, mark as a band wherever they go. ' Among the names of the 85 candidates at the Brisbane centre who passed the exami nation in practical music in connection with Trinity College, London, appears that of Miss Clara It. Smith, of Monkland, who nniinorl in f.lip int.nnnfidiiue division. Her success is highly creditable to k«r teacher, Mrs. Con. Eyan.for Miss Smith commenced, learning to play the puno less than three years ago, when she was under ten years of age, and yet, after seven quarters under Mrs. Eyan's skilful tuition, she has passed the intermediate division for practical skill on the piano. A tableaux and social will be held in. the Parish Hall on Tuesday night in connection with St. Peter's churchSunday School fund. At th? regular meeting of tha Council of the Churches held in Brisbane on Tuesday, the Eev. J. Williams, convener cf the Par liamentary Committee, submitted the fol lowing report :— 'In ie letter from the Rev. E. T. Lloyd, secretary of the Gympie Min isters' Union : We cannot find that there is any Legislative enactment thit touches the bunday sports in a general; way. Of course municipalities, &c;, having reserves, or trust ees for resarves, may prohibit spsrts being held within reserves under. jfcheir control. In our opinion, the Ministers' Union of Gympie would do wall to continue their method of friendly conference with the interested parties. We deeply regret that some of those Sunday sports are attended by adherents of the Churches, and think ministers should be'urged tokicdly expostu late w th sueh p-irsons, and that our pulpits should unhesitatingly sec forth the great evils attendant upon such conduct.' A regrettable incident (says the Eneeav Monday evening last. The fire' brigade were having we 5 practice in Charlotte street, Cooktown, °wb.pn an officer of H.M.S. Gold finch, dressed in evening suit, passed along and got drenched to the skin. Several believed that the nozzle was purposely turned upon him by Murphy, but members of the fire brigade say that it was purely acci dental. At any rate the board fined Murphy 7s. Gd. and sent a letter of legret to the officer. We understand that members of the fire brigade who believe Murphy inno cent and harshly treated by the board, have decided to hand in thp.ir resignations. A political association has been formed at qualified persons, and the selection of a suitable candidate to represent the Burnett in Parliament. A similar association is to be formed at Gayndah and Nanango. From the Bundaberg Mail's correspondent we learn that Mr. W. Kent, of Dalgangal, who was present, promised to do all in his power to give effect to the wishes of the association. Also that Mr. Michael Bennett, of Mount Perry, said ' he felt convinced the electors of the Burnett were determined to find and return to Parliament a member who would be of use to the district and a credit to the colony.' During a thunderstorm which visited this district on Saturday afternoon (writes the r-R-rRnvEn's North Pine correspondent), Mr. Joseph Slater's residence was struck by light uin-*. Fortunately the occupants were standing on the verandah at the time, other wise it is almost certain some of them would have been killed. The lightning struck the roof, and made a hole right through it, splintering the battens and rafters in its course, and finally twisted the posts of an iron bedstead out of all shape. The ..room was filled with smoke after 'the occurrence. When the house was struck, a vivid flash of lightning was seen, followed by a terrific filan°of thunder. l Strange to say, the clap of thunder in question was the only one of any consequence during the storm. One ofc' those -summer heat waves for which New South Wales is noted is already being experienced in that colony. A ydney telegram states that the weather on Thursday was again exceptional^ hot. At the Observatory a temperature of 89 des. was recorded, but it was several degrees more in the bearb of the city. Strong hot westerly winds prevailed over a large ««..i:nn nt t.Vin nninnv on Wednesday aod Thursday. The thermometer registered 100 de£. at Bourke, Nymageo, and Wilcannia, and over 90 deg. at numerous other places. -The will of Mrs. Harinay Beer of South Australia has been lodged for probate, the value of the estate being sworn at ,£185,000. A few weeks ago her sister, Mrs. Evans, died, leaving .£190,000. Tb.9 two ladies were daughters of Mr. George Fife Aagas one of the colony's pioneers. ri ? 3 T nn n einrelo man. atrof\ 9.-L: wn,: killed by the, train running between Charters Towers and Townsville on Thursday. He tripped on the line, and the cowcatcher, broke both his4 legs and his- right ankle. There were also other serious injuries. A steerage passenger by the steamer Ferret bound from Port Adelaide to Port Lincoln, was missed shortly before the vessel arrived at the latter-port on Thursday morning. He oa4lprl Tinier tha name of Joser-h Gunter. but another passenger on board said he recog nised him as a well known sharebroker of. Adelaide. ' .: ? : The Adelaide Steamship Company's par tially disabled, steamer Adelaide, about which some apprehension existed as to her safety, arrived at Adelaide on Wednesday in tow of the steamer La Serena, from West Austra lian ports. The lengthly trip of the Adel aide was due to the fact that the jury-rigged I rudder received damage and the vessel .was unable to steer, fcihe was out 11 days from .VVeSliAUS6IB.llu.ulJUi.iia. ^ The annual report of the School Accom modation and Attendance Committee or the London School Board, whiuh has just been issued, contains some interesting facts school children scheduled, which is soiner thing new in the history of the Board, and indicates a condition of things which may have a bearing upon many phases of life in London. The decrease, the committee state, is at first sight a little difficult to account for or to understand. They have no reason to doubt the general accuracy of the figures obtained by the recent scheduling, and it would appear, therefore, that what may be called 'inner London ' has probably now , reached the limit of population. } ! A drastic Bill for the Protection of Child ren has been introduced in the South Aus tralian Legislative Council. The hearing of the Atacama libel oase, Cowlishaw Bros. v. Bulletin news paper, was concluded in Sydney on Tuesday, when a verdict was found for ihe defenda it. The trial extended over 17 diys, it being one of the lengthiest and co-tliest in the court history of New South Wales. At a meeting of the Melbourne Board of Publio Health on Tuesday, attention was drawn to the case of a girl who was treated at the Alfred Hospital for diphtheria and was discharged before beinj convalescent, communicating the disease to three children by kissing them. One of the children soon afterwards succumbed to the disease. A shocking accident is reported from St. Arnaud, Victoria. Mr. A. M'Donnell, aged 72, was attending; to the horse works con nected with chaff-cutting machinery, when the lower portion of his. trousers was caught in the cogs, whioh almost immediately tore all the fl.3sh off his leg below the knee, and smashed the bones. The leg had to b'a amputated at the knee. The actual surplus for the last financial year in Victoria was £204,759. 