* n«UilNGS:; Weather. . - Still it faiDB. s Jupiter PluvioB . • . ' > On the job dnce more. •' New moon on Tuesday/ 1 Silver lias fallen a penny.. Bond Ball on Friday night next; Fall of Plerna, December 10, 1877. . John Milton born December 1608. Marchand leaves Fashoda next week. . CIverstone-Burnie railway contract let. To-morrow is the 3rd tiand&y; in Advent. Tyeon, the millionaire, was found dead in bed. Tasman aighted New Zealand December 12, I €42. Revival of agrarian outraged in Mayo, Ire* land. , Queensland exhibiting at Smithfield Cattle Show. $ Large increase of officers in the British uary. , , Two Hobart lads play tbe ghost. Sequel, 14\. days. Uordon Memorial Fund has now reached £91,000. Experts from Launceston show a serious decrease. The Queen subscribed £250 to the Gordon memorial. Admiralty will not subsidise a naval dock at Hobart. British protectorate over Egypt considered probable. Launceston lighted by Jelectricity^December IU, 16U5. Men at work Gormanston eud (of North Lyell railway. Pilgrim Fathers landed iu America December 11, 1620. Btalf a dozen aspirants for Marine Board honors nominated. Amended Hospital (Jnion rules confirmed by the subscribers. Excavations for new Hospital to be tendered for next week. Committee formed for Mount Lyell em* ploycs annii&l; picnic. Queensland separated from New South Wales December 10} 1859. S.S. Mahinapua bringing 50 passengers from Hobart to West Coast. Colonel Wallack, of the Tasmanian defenoe force, visits the West Coast. Another sanitary case from Gormanston at the Police Court yesterday. Sub-Inspector Weston has resigned the position of sanitary inspector. Turkish cavalry to be increased by 25,000 men. Tbe Kaiser's suggestion. Keepers of dogs who failed to register were fined a crown and costs yesterday. Mr Allan McDonald, formerly M.H.A. for North Launceston, died suddenly. Tyson >vas a total abstainer, non-smoker, and never suffered from sickness. Mount Lyell M. and R. Co.'s half a crown dividend payable on January 3 next. Upholstering work for Queen :town railway carriages being done by local industry. The total production of gold from tbe Obinemuri mines (N.Z.) iB £1,833.200. Tasmania not doing well in cricket against the New South Wales eleven in Sydney. Marine Board candidates air their eloquence in Cairns' Hall on Tuesday night. This yeai'6 employes picnic is to be one that will eclipse the first successful celebration. Ex-President Cleveland condemns the acquisition of territory in other parts of the obe. Public meeting on Tuesday evening will discuss the question of tracks to Darwin and i I 1 g Jukes. North Lyell v Lyell Tharsis case re-argued in Supreme Court yesterday. New point raised. ~ Mechanics' Institute and Public Hall meeting fell through for tfaut of an attendance. No polling booth at Gormanston for Marine Board election owing to an official blunder in Hobart. King Lyell, according to tbe last report, had 61 bags of native coppcr on hand from sluicing. Heat iu Melbourne. On Monday last the thermometer 109 J ° in the shade—tbe hottest day since 1875. Mr J. H. JJoundy, secretary to the Converter C.C., is going to Melbourne to spend the Christmas holidays. Henry Ingles, maintenance man on Queenstown-Gormauston road, injured yesterday, and admitted to the Hospital. Women's Christian Temperance Union object to the proposed rival "consultation" in Hobart. Premier sympathetic. Jack Worrall, the well-known Victorian cricketer, plunged into the Yarra the other day, and rescued a drowning boy. The Kirkham training establishment (N.S.W.), atone time property of the sportsman Hon. J. White, is to be sold. New South Wales v Tasmania cricket match in Sydney yesterday :—Tasmania, 130; New South Wales, 4 wickets for 293. Mr li. S. Muir's nomination for the Strahan Marine Board was in response to a requisition signed by a number of ratepayers. Town Board, at a special meeting deferred the question of amalgamating positions of overseer of works and inspector of nuisanccs. Committeemen of the Hospital %rc given 10 minutes' grace to atteud meetings. If six out of tbe 11 are not in attendance then the meeting lapses. North Lycll Tharsis Consols Mining Co. formed: Capital, £75,000, in 150,000 shares of 10s each. Holders of present property get 100.000 shares. Secretary to Hospital Onion had to scour the town on Thursday night to get a quorum fur the special meeting. After 40 minutes 1 delay this was done. One of the cpmbatants in a disgraceful fight that occurred in Driffield-street, opposite the railway yard on Sunday morning, was fined 10s at tbe Police Court yesterday. An emphatic denial given to the rumor that Lard Lamington, Governor of Queensland, is to succeed Viscount Hampden, who has resigned the governorship of New South Wales. Eev. Mr Edwardes, when visiting those of his flock who dwell in the " suburbs" does not disdain to wear a " bluey " and carry a pannican. J ust the sort of parson we want for this district. Tyson, the deceased millionaire and cattle king of Australia, was once interviewed. • He said the happiest time of his life was to camp out, under starlight, his head resting on a bluey, and a billy of tea at his side. ( Mr Steve Gaffney, who is one of the Queenstown candidates for the Strahan Marine Board, publishes a short address to the ratepayers to-day. The tender of Messrs Spence and Marsh has been accepted for the Gormanston sanitary contract. The bye-laws will be strictly enforced. For the Queenstown Athletic Club's sports meeting on Boxing Bay the Champion Band m have been engaged to play throughout the day. The programme, which is published to-day in our business columns, is a very attractive one, including the contest selection for 1896, Meyerbeer fllound, composer) and the band will also play the test piece played at the Sydney contest last year. Entries for the sports close on Saturday next. In response to a requisition, the Chairman of the Town Board, Queenstown, has convened a public meeting at Cairns' Hall .on Tuesday night to hear candidates for tbe Strahan Marine Board express tbeir views. At the same time the question of urging the Government to construct tracks to the Jukes and Darwin mineral fields will be brought forward. fe 