WILD EELIN : HER ESCAPADES, ADVENTURES, -AND BITTER SORROWS. By WILLIAM BLACK. Author of 'A Daughter of Heth,' 'A Princess of Thuie,' ' Madcap Violet,' 'In Far Lochaber,' 'White Heather,' ''Stand Past, Craig- Hoy itou,' 'Highland Coiisius,' &c;, &c.; Published by special arrangement with tho Author. Ail rights reserved. J Chapter XLV.— A Moexing Pix.nue. Now while as 3*et the new day was hidden by the eastern hills and all the world appeared to lie asleep, a black vehicle was quietly driven up to the front of General Malloek's railings and almost simultaneously Wild Eelin and Morag ihe Mull lass issued from Glonsarva, House, shutting the door noiselessly behind them. And Kulin, in stealthy whispers, was trying to reassure her handmaiden. 'There is really no risk, Morag, she said in those hushed undertones. 'And it is of great importance for everyone to know what to do when flung into tiie sea. You might stumble off a paddle-box, you know, or a row ing boat might be capsized and you ought to be prepared. And there is no risk, Morag, for I am going to save your life, only you must not grip me. You leave me alone and I'll bring you out of the water all right. But don't grip me. Just imagine you are drowued and quite helpless and you'll Bee how I'll hoist you over the gunwale. I don'c think you can possibly catch cold, for it will only bean affair of a few minutes, aad in this bag there is everything that can be wanted for a efiarige and the cub will be waiting to bring us back to the house. You're noc frightened, are you, Morag?' 'N-no, miss,' said the Mull lass with her teeth chattering ; the morning air was some what chill. 'Because you have courage to put aside all the havers that old Maxwell tells you about Haggart the murderer and his breaking of gaols, and I'm sure you'll be brave enough for this enterprise — when it will be of great practical service to everyone concerned.' Morag said nothing ; she was rather a timid lass and she did not quite understand. But now they were arrived at the black vehicle, from tho inside of which Lily Neile spoke blithely— 'How are you, old girl ? All serene? Let Morag go on the box and take your bag with her, tor I've got one in here and its tol-lol biggish— just in case you may want to save me too — for who knows what accident may occur — and a dry pair of Harris stockings makes all the difference betwixt a man and a niouse. Good morning, Morag !— heard anything of David Haprgart's ghost whizzing about of late? Bundle up, now ; and let's be off.' And so they drove away through the night — with here and there an orange gas lauip piercing the darkness and inside tho cab Lily Neilu and EeJin were singing to themselves, but in carefully diminished tones— A boat, a boat, haste lo the ferrj, for we are ^oing t.u Alituherry. They passed the lights of Invernish ; all the town was dead in slumber; not a dog barked. They went down by Friars place and Cape! Inch to Thornbuah O,u;iy and still the refrain kept coming mid going in fitful snatches — A boal, a boat ; haste to (lie ferry, Tor we are going to AUniliJi iy. But surely thero was some indication of tho 111.U1 d.iy ! When they got along to the harbor the masts of it sehoonar, lying' listed over on the mud, could vauuely be in.ide out .against tie eastern sk; ; iind Cromwell's Fort was dimly visible ; and tl.ero wils a suggestion of land beyond tl.e. unknown belt of tea— no doubt, tins Black Isle emerging from its mists. At length the cab wa.-; stopped ; tiie three of them de scended ; and down by the bank they fouud a Bubi=taiiti:\l gig muortcl to ;i pusr. Clearly all this had been arranged ; for the oars weru in tiie. boat and tho padlock had been removed from the chain; and go the voyagers took their lenvo of the laud. Lily Nuilo and Eelin wito rowing Mid tho new refrain was— sopiar.oand contralto— with inelfublo anguish hitermiiJgleJ ? TIiourIi I leave tlioe now in sorrow Smiics may li;;ht our love to-morrow, Uocmvd lo :-.'.i'i, m$ faithful lieurt A t'-iui of joy iroui Iiulo slull borrow. Alt, ne'er forest, when friends are near, This heart alone is Uiine for ever ; Thou may'6t find those will love thce deir, But not k love like mine, O never. And now behold ! tho dawn was beginning to disclose itsulf over the wide Moray Firth. There was a grey shimmering on the water; the air smelt keen ; arrowy flights of seabirds swept by ; the long promontory of: Fort George could be made out by anyone familiar with the line of the coast. Aud still these two pulled on in fine rhythmical swing, and noiv and again they repeated their pathetic bewail ment — Though I leave tliee now in sorrow, or perhaps it was 1 would that my^ove could silently —anything, in short, that their fresh young voices found in unison ; while the all world seemed gradually to awake ; and tho houses and Castle-hill of Invernish showed sombre under the everincreasiag canopy of pule blue smoke. It was the Black Isle that appeared first to catch the new day. Thero were yel low clearances and dark plantations, and an occasional white cottage— they looked human like and welcome and friendly, beyond the forlorn and leaden waste of sea. Poor Morag, seated in the stern of the boat, was wishing herself back in Tobermory agaiu, or on any similar and serviceable piece of land. In truth Morag was crying, and Lily Neile, rowing stroke, was the first to perceive tlm fact. 'Why, Mora?, what is the matter?' she called to her. ' Are you afraid ?' 'Oh, no, miss, 1 am notafrait,' said Morag, wiping her eyes and trying to stifle her sobs. 'And whatever Miss lielin is wishing me to do, well, I am wilhug to do — Kott knows tliat ? ' 'But what on earth are you crying about?' said the fraiilc-spoken Lily Neile— and by this time the increasing light could reveal to her with what skill she was feathering her oar. ' Well, before I left Tobermory,' said the agitated lass, ' my mother was warning me not to get into dandier ? ' 'Oh, you silly ass,' said Lily Neile good naturedly, 'there is no danger &1 all. Don's you know that Miss Macdonald can swim like ;in otter? But you needn't disturb yourself. I am troing to tuke your place. It's iny life that Miss Macdouakl will save and you can remain comfortably in the boat. Do you understand that, now? You just bit where you are. Only you can reach us an oar if you see we are drowning.' 'Lily,' Eelin Macdonald protested, 'this isn't part of tbo bargain. If Morag is frightened we can get somebody else, some other ruoruii.'g. But you have no change of clothes ? ' ' Oh, yes, I have,' said Miss Neile, who was a young person of great courage in all these girlish adventures. 'I came prepared nobody ever knows what's going to happen — in that bag is everything both of us could want. Moras? can ait in the boat. Evlin, Eelin,' she cried tauntingly, 'is it you that's afraid ? You that would jump down a tiger's throat to have a wrestle with him inside '. Eeliu Macdonald, afraid of anything — that would be a joke ! Well, we're far enough now ; hitvt; me or not, here goes. Back, bow, and get the way otf her, for that's ouly playing lair. Are you ready, Nell ? Opener sea than this you don't want anywhere; it's a right duwn honest trial.' 'Look here, Lil,' said the oarswoman at the bow. '1 think I can undertake to keep you afloat for a minute or two — but, no ! — oh, no ! — I cannot and will nos undertake- to recover your tain o' shauter.' 'Ah, there's something in that,' responded the wise maiden, and she began to withdraw her bonnet-pin. ' You know, you're not such a fearful idiot as you look. There's a glimmer of common senao about you soinetifhes — rarely — but somotimes. You're a microcephr.lous ape, but there's ju3t a glimmer of sense about you sometimes ? ' She placed her grey tain o' shauter in tha stern. 'I suppose it will be horribly cold when I jump overboard?' she said apprehensively. 'But this is an honest trial, you know, be cause if I were to hear the ship crunch on to a rock — in the Red Sea, for example — I shouldn't be waiting in my cabin to pin on this blessed j tarn. Boiv in, there ! Enough way ! Oi), Eelin ! Macdouald, wouldn't it bo too distressful if they were to see us from the shore and put out in a boat to rescue us?' Quite unconsciously she was undoing from her neck an eagle's claw set in silver that her mother had given her and as unconsciously she stuck it into the tarno'shanter. Something was to be paved from the shipwreck. 'Lily,' said Wild Eelin, in a piteous kind of way, 'I think we have made a mistake. There is no need for you, or for Morag either, to get wet thiough. I only wanted to show you how loug one can keep in the water with one's clothes on aud I can do that well enough — so — so — you just stay where you are — and you'll get some idea of what happens when one is .thrown into the sea unexpected ly. I will try to show you what is best to do.' 'And you think I am such a ghastly sneak !' exclaimed the other, in open scorn. 'Well, Lil, old woman, here's your work cut out for you !' — and with no further word cjl warning she placed one foot on the gunwale and flung herself over. The seething water submerged her for not more than a second or two ; here she was again blowing the salt from her lips and striking about with her hands. 'Oh, don't splash, Lil— don't splash. I'm coming for you?' and with that Eelin of the sen-blue eyes (she, also, had carefully removed hc-r ,tam) dropped over the side. In another moment she had got hoid of herfriend. 'Mind you don't grip mo, Lil !' she cried — when she iiad shaken her bead like a Newfoundland dog — ' I'm going to save you — I'm going to show you how it's done— but you- must sham being insensible— and don't cling to me ? ' Now that they were in the water they found there was a rougher sea on than they could have anticipated, looking from the thwarts; and Eelin had to make a stiff fight for it. Worse than all the set of the tide was steadily carrying the boat away ; and that egregious fool of a woman, Morag, had no thought of ' putting the oars in the rowlocks and moving , in their direction; indeed, she was petrified ' with fear. And meanwhile— well, no one j who 'has not tried (,it ea.ii tell how terribly dillieult it is to hold up another per son in water, even for a few seconds — mean- while Eelin was struggling with her task and it she was a Newfoundland dog in habit she w.is a lioness in heart ; she would not confess to herselt that there w;i3 the slightest risk of danger ; she gently plied her way — and Lily Nciile was too alarmed to be otherwise than quiescent. The fool Morag let the. boat drift. And now, for anyone battling for life — because that is what it had come to — there was an extraordinary vividness in all things visible around. i''oi t George was outlined against the Eea hori/.on. There was sunlight on the Blauk hie uiiil on its yellow clearances. A small steamer making in for the Bauiy Firth loft a din;?y trail of smoke behind it, but it was going awiiy ; there w no hopo in that direction. And still Wild Eelin strove to give good heart to her faithful frieud and ally. 'It's all right, Lil,' she managed tossy, when tho rulrlin.n; wavos would let her; 'it's quit-' right — we shall be at the boat inaminulo —then— then haul yourself in— don't— don't niicid me ? ' It really was in less than a minute thereafter that they reached the boat, but by this time Ee.lin was wholly exhausted und her companion was uot iu much better cs.ser 'Catch the gunwale, Lil — catch tiie gun wale !' she gasped. ' I'm done. Good ? ' It was all of 'Good-bye!' that she could utter ; the lapping waves came over her mouth ; and when she had done her best to make sure of Lily Neile's safety she fell away and disappeared— the weight of water in her clothes dragging her down. But Lily Neile was not such a lool as Morag. When Rhe had scrambled into tho boat she breathlessly pub an oar into a rowlock and with one or two rapid strokes shoved the bow round. And when Eelin, in soinu wild, distracted fashion, came to the surface again, making a final eli'brt to gain a breath of air, well, then, Lily Neile was swift to snatch at the dishevelled blue- black tresses and she held on — and held on— though she herself was about sinking into utter collapse ; and still she held on until she had got her companion dragged in over the gunwale. Morag's contribution to the per formauco was a continued fit of hysterical weeping — while tho wonder of the dawn un folded itself and Fort George shone clear. It was over the stern that Eelin was dragged in and there for a few seconds she lay panting. But only for a few seconds. She pulled herself together. ' You see, Lily,' she said in disconnected sentences, ' this was more than was bargained for. The boat drifted 6o far. But I've shown you how it is possible to hold up any one in the water; and you were a brick— you never splashed — and you never clung. Oh, my, isn't it mortal cold !' tthe was shivering. 'Take to your oar, Eelin,' said her friend, 'and let's get back before tho whole town of Invernish wakes up. The pulling will warm us.' And so they set to work ; but now there was no pathetic 'Though I leave thee now in sorrow,' nor auy invitation to go to Altna herry ; because both of them were quite con scious that they had been within easily measur able distance of secrets of which they did not choo3e to speak. 'Lil dear,' said Eelin when she had got well into the swing of her stroke, 'it's all very pleasant to say j-ou can hold a drowning person up, but you've got to bargain before hand that the drowning person shall bo Lily Neile ? ' 'Oh, no thanks,' said Miss Neilo through he icicled lips. '1 know when I've had enounh ? '' 'But you did it so well !'' her companion protested. 'You were just admirabie. If you had clung round my neck do you know where we .should have been at this minute 'I Well, 1 dont; but ic wouldn't have been in this here boat. Morag,' she said again, 'why didn't you put the oars in the rowlocks and come a bit nearer us ?' 'Oh, I could not do that, Miss Eelin, for fear of striking one of the young ladies,' said Morag, who had recovered from her whimper ing, 'and it's not me that would be saving myself if I could help— and I wasa trying to g.u'n attention from the steamer ? ' ' And do you think we could have gone on board any steamer in this state of clothes?' Miss Eelin demanded — indeed the two young ladies presented a humiliating spectacle. But here was the cab still waiting for them on the bank of the river; and there were dry clothes for them to change into, while Morag perched herself up ou the box. It is needless to suggest thut they shut both windows, for the golden day was now spreading itself abroad and the wavering blue smoke over the town declared that humanity was astir again. But Eelin said— 'Look here, old lass, is it any good our trying to change in this cramped-up place? You'd much better come- Btraieht home with me, and I'll get you something hot to drink and you shall have my bed ; and I can have a rug on the Eofa. But it was worth doing, mind ; it was worth doing ; if ever you're flung into the sea again just keep like that— oh, you're a splendid person to save; it's easy to do it with you. Why, they give exhibitions of people who can swim; they ought to give exhibitions of people who know how to bo saved from drowning. And I'd back you — against the world ! You did splash a bit at first, until I yelled to you.' 'Nothing— nothing,' said Lily Neile, who also was shivering in her sodden clothes. 'The moment I felt your grip I knew I was safe, snd I lay liko a lamb and let you do do what you liked.' 'It's mercilessly cold, isn't it?' said the one trembling person to the other. 'It is a trifle chilly,' answered Miss Neile. 'But it's no good trying to change, for here we are at the Cathedral, and in another minute you'll see General Mallock smoking his morning pips outside his garden, and what would he think of us if he got a glimpse of us through the window ? I'll take your offer, old crock, for I'm frightfully tired and cold ; bub I won't rob you of your bed; you give me a blanket and I'll know what to do. And my folks won't worry, for I warned (hem I was going off on a skylark with a hideous maniac called Eelin Macdouald, and they'll be pre pared for anything.' The sun was warm on the oak gate and tho gravel drive and the red stone frontage as they drove up ; and as Morag was lenumbed and mostly asleep, it was Jane, the parlor maid (in terrible consternation) who had to look after these half-drowned scapegraces ; and about the last thiug that Wild ICelinsaw — after she had wrapped rugs and ulsters over her friend — vras Fergus out iu the silver shining water, fishing over.towards tho Devil's Kirn. And for tho moment she thought sho would give ten years of her life away if only she could throw as beautiful a line &% that. Chapter XLVL— 'The Braes oi' Glent bkao:-'. ' But when Eelin had put her friend to bed and wrapped tier up and wished her happy slumbers it did not occur to her to do any thing of a similar kind for herself ; because the morning was gloriously line and she was an eager, insatiable kind of creature ; and out there in the sunlight she saw pedantic old Maxwell, at whom she could mock ; moreover, and this was the most important, she knew a secret corner up by the wall of the kitchen garden where there Btill lingered a few un oousidared raspberries, of whi(:h she could make an excollent breakfast. So she went into her dressing-room and changed her attire and passed stealthily from the house. The golden warmth and the fresh air were like wine to her. Now and again she shivered a little, but) she took no notice. As she was thieving the raspberries— reach- ing lievo aud thero at the branches above her head — old Maxwell came along with his barrow and he was 60 patronising as to linger for a moment. 'Well, Maxwell,' said she, turning round, 'have you discovered any rnoro murder stories to frighten the minds with? Why. man, you don't kuow the very ground-work of that theory of yours. The transaction of souls — what's that ? Did you never hear of metem psychosis '!' The Scotch gardener looked suspicious. He was used to tho jeers of this young madam. ' Why,' she said, with her great blue oyes expres-iing profound astonishment, 'it wns a fruniiiar doctrine thousands of years iiyo ; all the great philosophers preached it — Plato, and ijucrates, and Antigone, aud Ornithorhyncus, and Cum Grano Salis, and all t\ie reft of them —and they maintained that after death the soul of a man might possibly inhabit the body of an animal. Now that's something serious; that's very serious ; that's more serious than imagining you can keek a cloy, or cloy a keek, or whatever it is ; and for this reason that what tfie niiud dwuils ou oltca liauDena. TliaS is well known and recognised. Artaxorxes declares it in his 'School Board Dictionary.' And if you were to give UP .Vour tranamotion of wills and take to the establiscd metem psyclitisis of the great and wise men of all the centuries where would you land yourself 1 fiuii posins your spirit were to find itself in a inoo cow — what then?' T ''A wad fecht ma way oot,' saiJ Maxwell Bt'irdily. ' J'iKit mi;?ht bo bad for the coo,' s.aid Mits Eflin, on reflection, and she* tinned to her rasps'-, while ho wont on with his barrow. She calli-il him back. 'Look here, Maxweii, jir-ople lar more learned them you or i have givi'ii up tliese problems as hopeless; and 1 think you might to— instead of frightening the maidservants with them.'' 'Ay, it's jMnrag yo'ro thinking o', Miss JCclin, is't no that':' said Maxwell gloomily. 'And I wonder what in the world would fiiclitvii her, the llielan bi'/.zmn !' When Ivjiir, had re-entered the house her ' mother Imd just come down to breakfast and it was tiiu girl's delight 10 wait upon her, with littlu ministrations and caresses and kindly words. 'lint, Eclin, your hands are -]-jadly cold!''! cxolaimc.l tiiu ever apprehensive muther. I 'And you're all shiverini: ? '' I '1 iiaii my lin-akfa-it in the open air, i miimnm-, and ivh.it could be sjilendider— j them's :- corner 1 know tiiat Maxwell hadn't j t'li-ippicl -and if you ^o inside the bushes and louk out, that's tile way to tfet rasp.- ? '' j 'J.ln'i. what ia tliis mad adventure of (lie liioriiii!^ 1 have heard about:'' wa..- the next mil natiiral c]iiuf= t i- -i:. ?'ivuiliinpf mad ! — a work of public utility,' wns the n-join'lur. 'Tryinpr how to save people from shipwreck— what more practicf.l and u-.t-ful V' ' i wish you would £o to lied all the Rame.' 'Why, Lily Nui!t- is in my bed,'1 was the | objection. ' j 'Xli-'ii ynu can go intrj miiio. Or tiicy couiil gvL the Vii'.jw room lv.uiy for you in three miniitos. '' 'Oh, liiiMimie, on ku-.mi a Mviuff'Miin: day!' the chin jiner cri.-d. ' i wonder it 1 could lind old I'lT/ii.i; Llier j's a Zulu trout-flv that I'm j suiv wuul-'l do tii*- trick in this clear' w.-- alher— | Mv. V'at-.miii.-.1. th.'in ii.r r.ie — I'll lack liieisi j again, t anyiiiin;;--'1 And so .she went on in ' ii' i- t:.iy a\:d:-:-ity i,f y;i!ii:i ; ic wa.s Jier mother ! w!.o iv;rai\;o:i Ii-t with H-.y.iv.} cunco.-ii : k!:h J kv.yw 1 1.- tier wliat tlic-u ouvjasiuiuU oiiuvriii;^ j nii.'hl p'irtcn I. -.?..?!!?.? ti.Lji-i.--, when h'.-r mothiir had fini-Iu-d !. ri-:ik. ;:?'.?, Mi .s iviiu s.,-t --''(' iur the lw-. n;1 :i.vl n. i n:iij ol; ?'.?- ?. is:^ iur (;.-iit would l;;..\u [ lMi4:.:i!. .si:-... ]i;id silhred :;iiyi':iin^ from iifi' ( (iiji in i::'.- Mor;iV Finj. \av. .-!:.? was r,j. ! ii.i;i,r to lu-r-^H i:l a ;ji-o:i-i km 1 .;; wav the s.-.i cndi:i;,' -.i (;i!d,.'rny— /.'? '. l:.l..'. C'l-V Ml-'.! I.V.V.: WCI'i. Inlb Vj I:, ii-,' a :i,:s-i -?..;?-(.-,;?? i-.i:!i-i f-j.-s- ,Iii.p. , ,iv ..?!? .?.?!.-.?? O: '. ;?! :??;? ii,r;Uli- :;:.* I!rI :.-.?- i!»..- I..1W, ,:,.-u l..cii,o-;r;,-i -\:,.! In f.i-il.'-Ki-tt :--..? wii l,u-y will, ]„?-? ' l'-'iv!,:. -? : and ii-'iv :-?:?.! 111. iv- a i.i'n -i..iier :..-. ! I'-' I'.: \ ..sit, ,j. :?) 1 . [;,,.,..,.(] '1:j) ., j lt ; ,. l.:-.:il ?!!:.,- ;,..-] -??;??.,?:-? of win-! -,y, ; ;.:,.'! lh..;i ;-. -.;::i at I!..; c ,;.??-? of Ihvl -. in ??; , 'iL- : had l.:u '?.:..-'; i ? i ii in a -jin-l Archie \ '. ??'?In---!, i win, i .: ?, l-.i-. .-i! !;-.,::, !.., ;. ,.-:;,.t ,),,- H-,; ,_,:tl.., j of pr-i-i -.:' Li, ? vo:.;:!: ;,l. .;!r. Ta!!!! :.r:,l .i;-d I ii--.-i .r .M-.;-!!cii!. jn-.iv, ;,:;... .-;,::-:i.,i ;., i,,.,- i brie: j 1 1 1 ?- 1 in.ui'j car.'er ;..- ail autii.-r.'.ss, l,^;d | *-:-:-tiiii!:-- S'im iir-i.,-1'-, but th.-y w.i-o '.,.iu' f-t!-i|i.i l.i' t'mn'.i frj:n li: ! O:.s[r,:r t ? t ! i ^- ?.?- ; ti.i-^' v.-..':-j ti,r lir.-t rj-n!:-prooir.s *):?..? had s.-.'ii, i iintl .-he i--',..:r.i;---l t!i.i:i with .-uch i:U-..ri -.- c that ' fIh- iiiti-.i'-- no !-r-:-ii;i]-j :;ii ur i,t(-;;;;:n^ into Llr-J ssiio.;) of a jeweller liard !y (!k! w-i.i a frii.-n.i of ii.-r.--. ii; f:.-d ?;? to i'.\ii;i:ii.i- ti:i':;i umn ii!;-;-:.. ly. lr. s, i iin C, al! ho illil'. Vi-:!t i'l'din wiuit .s!u !:.;d Y.TitU-:;. She f..:.|- d it i.,ok'.-d nan! r.iid :'ii:l ?..tiiji.d and tulA ; \\\,.- \k\'.,Vu: w.mld yA;i L.ii'.l a ;n.:i-i:re of .-:u:l. nin,' :-vi.ip.i\,l.y, an.i '.lie I!ii!i!i.:h-r.i would iu:--u and might c\en uonv. y repiMai -i. Ana yuth-lie twrnci! over tl.e i/i-l'; v/iili a \ ;?.-_':-;: delight ; and here and tln-i:' 'u -? niar!:i-d i'i-;ieii:m of phrase, wiii^h *\w l-.n./W M'L-il (:v;v.^li were liiu iiiterpol.ilinn- of U-r (oadjii'iJi1 slyly n;.'i' -ried so as n-;t to w. iui.1 her p:-ido. And she ]i!:i-d the big type. ,su dilft-vei.l from that of ih'-s nc:-,v.«p.ipci u'.W^e. And slii-di.l not iin-le;vf,-ind, as she went from sheet to sl.eet, lliat Archie Gilciirist had his ? eyes upon her in a sti- air.;-'lv wistful way, as if i wondering what the futiivu held foi- iilni and lier. Jc was not of Taunahill and Hoctor ? Jlacm-ill he was thinking. l I 'Oh, look here, Archie,' she said, startling him ou s of his reverie. ','.iee wiiat they have printed -' Vet sweeter anil fail or and clear to j this bosom'— 'clear'— ' clear I' ? '' 'Oh, never mind that,' he an--.iere:l her. 'I'll go over the proofs carefii'lv. J -on't you trouble.' * j 'But,' said she bravely, 'if you rre going! to do all tiio work i; is your namu that must i appear on the titie-puge.' 'You have done most of the writing, KkAiu '' said ho. 'Well, iet's make a compromise,' said she. 'It has always seemed to me. rather shabby lor small writers to try to win a reputation fo'r : themselves by clinging on to the coat-tails of | the great writers— introductions, biographies, j selections, new editions, and always v.ilii tliu ' small writer's iiamu conspicuous o:i the litle puie. Now, sup;)ose at tnc end of thu preface you and 1 simply put our initials— 'A.U.', ' 'E.M.; woulJn't rh.it be- a little liuie modest?'' ' i am glad to be associated with you in any way, Kelin,' he auswered ; and nio.-e he could not say, for two customers had eoi»:e into the I shop and it was but time for the young scribblers to go. Tlu'ii, all her business settled in various directions, she hurritd away home; and here- ! was Lily Keile come downstairs and as it was j just about lunch lime she was persuaded to stay ; and thereafter they teh-phoued for -i | cab and she was driveu away quite happv a'ld I content, just as if she had lu.-vtr bcL-n in die I Moray i'u-tli that morning. All tiu wiiilo ! Wild Kelin hud been in a curiously unouiet mood, suRgesting diverse projects and i/iartiu' from one subject to another. ' ° ' Wlien Archie and I are married,' she said to her mother, theso two being now together in the drawing-room, 'we must give, up one day each week to the Nibelunglied— a now translation into English. I mean — to get it a? near perfection as may be, though it may be far enough off. And this afternoon I must devote to Heine ; 1 want to have another try at the 'Grenadiere'— and perhaps a lictlo polishing at the 'Kevlaar'— though it is so horribly difficult ? ' ' My dearest Eelin,' the mother entreated, 'don't meddle with Heine to-day ; you know it invariably makes you so nervous and ex cited ; and you'll be lying awake all night thinking of words and turns of words. No, no ; go away and find oldFergus, as you suggested, and get into his boat and see if between you you can't bring us back a few sea trout. That's better than Heine. Oh, by l.iie way, speaking of Fergus, there's a letter from Mr. Somerled Macdonald ? ' 'But not for me, of course,' said Eelin hotly. 'Well, no ; he certainly addressed it to me, but the news is general news ? ' 'If I offered to sever my head from ray neck he would not send me a line of writing !' she cried, with some exaggeration of bitter ness. ' Much good it would do you then !' said the mother, laughing ; she was trying to soothe down this highly-strung young person, 'He only wanted to tell me that he has found a permanent situation for Angus, the water bailiff, and there's iv good wage and a fairly comfortable cottage and as much peat as ever he likes to cut. Then his daughter is coming from 15en Vora to keep house for him ; all very satisfactory. But why should he send such de tails to mo '! Why not to you ? Well, then, my dear infant, I'll tell you. You frightened him. He thought you were too proud to bo spoken to ? ' ' And I am,' she said vehemently. ' I am too proud to bo spoken to - by sorao peraoua. iJut that's nothing. That's nothing. The pil grimage to Kevlaar is more to the purpose— if one could got anywhoro near to the simplicity und feeling of it ? ' 'Oh, no, E-Jlin darling,' the mother pleaded, 'keep away from Heine, for this afternoon, at least ! Vou tell me what Iine3 you are thinking of and I will make a literal Uinslution for you and then you can versify and beautify later on.' 'Oh, but, munmiie, I have just been versi fying, and you'll never guess what. I have been tryiniy to find some English words for 'The. limes of Glenbraon.' They are dread fully bad, 1 know ; for one thing the measure is so unusual ; but then as they will never leave the strict seclusion of these premises it dot- not much matter. Oh, I daresay if Archie Uiichrist were to see them ho would want to publish them, for ail my geese are swans to him ; but 1 cannot let him injure his own jiroperry in the newspaper; indeed, I have been thinking of putting an end to ? the 'While Cockado' contributions altogether they are too frivolous and impertinent ? '' 'They are the brightest things in the paper,' said Mrs. Macd'jnald c-armly. Of course she was a quite impartial judge. ' lint about the. 'Braes of Glenbraon' ? ' 'Some other day — some other day, Kelin, dear,'' the. inothui' implored, with an instinctive dread. 'Do you prefer the West Koss-shiro version ' of the ifiiilijdy, or the Ar.ryie^hiru '.'' the girl went on, and' ;-;r.; cro.v^d to the open piano, unobservant of her mother's anxiety. 'fciomu otliL-i- dav, Eelin, dear, some other day.' 1-orof all thn wild f.ad airs that float about the\ve.ni!-rn Hiflilaiulstlint oi the V-rinh:iie,ln\m ( iliiinn iiraoiu is the most pcn-.-tratingly wild and s;i.d--wJn-ii it is properly played; and Kc'.iii .Maciioua'il h'.d enough ol the Celtic i-cnsitiveiit.is t.i undei;-.tand ; thorn was no r.tai-c.i'o hop, :-;?:;;-, nn-l jump in her music, ev.-n wii'-ii, ;\\-.i it-.r.v, s!;.; dabbed out the no:es of t!.o \\\'u-.t Uu-ss-shiio v.-rsion with one lin/c-r. A-.- .s.-.i -rivi-n th-.-ve w.us surely nolhing to rend tl. ?; heart : it was uniy an indicaiion of wh.al; i:ii-;ht I'e ina'ii.- of the air l.y h.irmoniaing ; anj :;o far the ap, ?«??- -'it-si ive Ueau-:in- Tigiii'ar:i w.i- i.-)-.i-..!v..:.i. ij'it ic w,\s (i;:i'i:re!i^ wlien ? Jv:ii!i ..- .: dow;, 1-.) t'.ie piano and -aid — : 'i ti:i:il; t: :? . ?-'.?,.? yN ihiro vcr-ii.ii is the more pa'.li' : i-- mi vie ;v.'i-; an.l i am ;.';.-i:i;,' t i It .vuii iuar -..):.:i; ot the 111. e- I 1 1 ; ?- v . ? v. 'I'.li.'ii- ill s'ra-t i--:ii; i.-iii.-.', vou kiiuv.'. i:i;ii:ii;i t — ill cou lid-li :i ? ; And Ji'.n i;i a ]:-\v and .-vr.-i.'i voice, so as to !m ;.!:-. i-t u:i!.--:ird, ;,::.! .-??..? v»- 1 y ami with ;:n e:; .1-. :i. i ?.-.:?? ?:. a :?!' i:-:i::en:e.--s .-i;e :,.i::-.c I. -? Al-..,.. .:.: ?'?' ;?::::?- !..,' i;..-iib;; ..-?:,'' :.:id l.i:..-: e aie . .:..j u: ;!:.? i !:? ?.,- .r..i . vie ha i v.-i-iu.'ii— ;..i i. :,.-.}? i i.r,1;,i.T, : j -si,.'- .? \\.i ?'.. ...i v.m :? i— I.. :!-. .? ...n:i v;nny ?.v.-.-«l!..-:-1 \'[ 1..'. ?. ?.-.- '.o; lii-i- ; i.) i,-j i:i-...l.-: i..l i.lur-:-.-.'.;: ! — iaif long Ivfun- .-he iiad finis::i.'d '.I)..- iir-t Vi-.-etiiep.jjr liidllic-r iiad billet nuL --i-j \r.'o — silently— lo hurit-if — behind t:,o alicit-.-r ct a b.j.'k: ;:;:d tli-n, lo coikt.'-I her sjbuiiig, i!;.) iii-n: :j .ckly to til-.1 nearu.-L wmd'.w a::ii pn; l-.-:-(!.-'.i lobe occupied in v. atciuiig tiie nio.u liient.s ii: uld Maxwell, wlm w.n \u\ilino' .'-ouid i!:jv.er-i'lot. I'liluilun ite.v Kv';hi chaiiccd lo f^jilv. v.- a-:d in .'{;r.it cjnstor;;:'.t.on as ;i!ic linked Ik-i arm witnin !u-r i.i jtaLi'.s arm saw tiuit tears were rimning d'.;w:i her cheeks. 'Wiiy, iii.'iher,' the txcUdiaeJ, 'wLiJ.t has ha;ipe;i: d '. ' 'lt n'.-iiH lo me,' she answered, in tremi-iimr tones, 'that the man or woman ivliD thought ot ti;;\u air must liavu died in heart- brtk'-n i n i- ?-.- 1' - ; and it i.-i no; tit for a yoiin,; yirl, ju.^t entering upjn litr life, to liave such ii:i!iappiii(...-.s in her mii:d.' 'Mo'.hcr, dear, a Billy old wing to put j'oa about I'.iiK tluvt. And it i.-jii't misery ; it's only tiie recollection of former joy. Well, I will never .sing 'The liraes of Glenbraon1 again, if that will please you.'1 And then she con tinued, in an absent kind of way— '1 do not own know where they are, those Braes of Glenbraon. There never ha\n Lc-en any Braes of Gleiibraoii ior iik ; ami there never will be.' A;id then ayaiu she :tdd-:d. with ii courageous blirliL-nei-.s, ' iiut I'm no liiinding ;' lilie was unsettled and iidgety as she went ' about the room ; und at Jeiigcli siie was forced to go and lie down on the couch, because her head was so bad. But she made, a galiaut iiglit for il, lest her mother should be further alarmcJ. 'Mumiiiii-,' she b.iid with a forced kind of laugh, 'shall 1 t«'!l you what you aru thinking of' Vou are thinking of sending for Doctor JMuIivaiuc, 5'iinpiy bf-causa of these ridiculous shi veriiiyi. ,\o'.v listen, and 1 will explain, and you will save the doccoi's fee. My dear mother, you don't uiid'.iV. and small boys. But 1 do. 1 am fiwfuily U-nd of tliom, and 1 know theiv ways yrnl their tricks. You're too haughty, tiiiits what i!ie matter witli you; they wouldn't Lave you for a. chum. They don't mind me — though J wa-- in disfavor for a while because i S'iappiU the cheeks of the biggest of them when ho was thrashing the small goalkeeper.' She put her band to her forehead iu a wearied surt of way, and her mother was quick to bring pungent lavender water. 'Xow, lie still, Eelin dear, and you'll tell . me about the suuah boys later on.' 'But 1 want to explain, muminie, darling,' she said, rather fi'etiully, 'so that you need not concern youitelf about theso abominable shivers. And tins is it. When the small boys are oil' on an expedition to bathe, each one of them before leaving home manages to snick a ? piece of bread, or a corner of cheese, or a biscait ; and that they carefully hide, in their pocket and preserve. For why ': That is their ' 'cluttering- bit.' And as soou as they have come out of the water each one of them puts his 'chittering-bit' into his mouth and munches ' it. and that stops the shivers and shakes. Oh, it is well-known? — not to you, of course — not to the haughty lady of Glengarva House ; but tho young rascals rather chum with mo, and I have learnt something of their games. And then, you see, uvumnvie, neither Lily Neile nor I had a 'chittering-bit' this morning ; we did ; did not think of it; and' that's tho origin of j the shivers and shakos, and they are not of the ' least importance. But my head — my head — I think somobody must have poured quicksilver into it— for it goes this way and that— and yec it is so heavy ? ' 'Eeliu,' said the mother with an unusual assumption of authority, 'I insist on your going to bed this very minute ? ' and she cauglit the girl's arm and assisted her to rise and took her upstairs. When she had seen her comfortably bestowed and the pillow arranged for the pained head, then the Bean an-Tighearn went instantly downstairs — and of course at once sent for the doctor. In duo course Dr. Mcllvaiue arrived— a tall, thin, grave personage, with an extreme alertness of eye which he generally managed to conceal. Before going to see his patient ho was told .of tho morning's escapade, lie did not say anything. He and Mr3. Macdonald proceeded to the room. When they returned, lie said slowly — 'Well, I don't see any immediate cause for alarm. So doubt there is a certain amount of fever that might bo caused by a sudden shock to tho system — jumping ovor tho side of a boat, for example ? ' 'But doctor,' tho distressed mother said, 'Eelin is as used to the water as a Newfound | land dog ! And she can dive like a seal and ; swim like a duck. Surely that could not have been tho cause '! And as for tho fo.w minutes' drive home, without changing, certainly that 1 was a great imprudence — still, for one of 1 Eeiin's constitution and out-of-door habits ? ' | Tho doctor sate silent for a second or two, thrumming the tips of his fingers. Then he 1 suddenly looked up with one of his swift, veiled, enquiring glances. ; 'Mrs. Macdonald, pardon my asking; but has your daughter been undergoing any severe ! mental distress of late ?' i 'N — no — not that I know of,' said the ' gentle-spoken widow— and yet she blushed guiltily. 'Of course, girls have their secrets ; and one may surmise ; yes, and one may be (jiiitc wrong. O:io cannot hurt a girl's feelings by being too intrusive ; even if you were on the right track you would only the more surely wound her. There are some sacred things. .She has her rights and dignities. She ought to be allowed tho retugo of silence, even from her mother.' ' 1'cs, yes,' said the doctor, 'all that you say is prompted by excellent reason and sympathy. But of course I have to regard the case from a professional point of view and I want to understand a little more if possible. Now pardon me if 1 again ask a rude question; isn't your daughter engaged to bo married to Mr. Gilehrist of tho Observer! 1 would not mention such a thing only that I heard her confidential friends, the Neilos, talking about it openly as if there were no secret what ever ? ' 'Xor is there— not the slightest!' tho mother answered him openly. 'lias the engagement been broken off?' he asked again with a quick bird-like look of interrogation. 'Oh, no ; oh, no !' .she assured him. 'Xor is V'r.ire a thought of such a thing on cither side : that 1 am certain of.' The doctor took up ins hat and rose from his el mir. ' I. will look in to morrow morning,' lis said, 'to sec- how things are going; i hope well. 1 .rust Wi:!i.' ;--!». followed him through the hall ; tho donr wa.i wide open; Lin: pir-a.^nt autumn fcent c.ime in from tiie garden. On the top of tho !rte|:s he turned. 'Vou don't know of any recent and sudden ngit.iiion — apart fr:;ui this life-saving adven ture : ' lie asked of hi-r. 'Only this,'1 answered the mol:;or, bursting iiito ie.ir.- and hiding her face, 'th.it in the :i;ti-rno .:i— .'-in-! vv...s— :-lio was singing 'The .'.'rat.- of (i;i'iibr;iou ;' and ir you had heard ln- ryui! w.j!i!d nave .-aid it w:ti the cry of a ( To he cori '.rjcu. ) 