'NEWS ' INBRIEF. The thermometer registered .100 degrees' in the shade at Brisbane yester day. The ketch Esther has been wrecked a! Thunders Island, Tasmania. All hands wore saved. This 'Rpv A S Wilsnn will visit Kalgoorlie at the invitation of the Bap tist committee of -that place. The decomposed body of William Brockman has been found in a hut about four miles from Gingin. The ordinary mail for the eastern colonies: .will close at 1.45 p.m. tomor row for despatch 1-y the R.M.S. Orient. At Willunga (S.A.) yesterday Godfrey Malpas was. killed instantly by falling against a bed and dislocating his ntck. Mrs. T. P. Hudson; the wife of 'Tom- my'' Hudson, of the 'Surprise Party' of entertainers, died in Adelaide yesterday. An inmate of the Parkside (S.A.) Lunatic Asylum, named John -Flanagan, committed 'suicide by hanging himself yesterday. ? ....... . r ? ?'' The highest temperature recorded at Cue last1 week was 102 degrees at the post-office, which is the coolest building in the, town: ? . ' The anniversary of St. -Andrew's Pres byterian; Sunday- School was celebrated at Shearer-hall,': Beaufort-street, yester c'ay afternoon. ? The. Grafter has changed' hands. His new owner, it is said, is Mr. : J. G. Clarke. ?The/Grafter; will be taken to England in 'January next. ?.-.?»'.:. ? Jmnes Simper, 'one of the crew of H.M.S. Cerberus, was drowned at Wil liamstown (Vic), yesterday while at ei rescue practice. ? -.,, Tlie. bubonic bacilli, which Dr. Hay don brought to Victoria from' India, have been seized by a Customs detective officer, aftd.burned. — ' The Defence Depai-imenV of New Zea land has made complete arrangements for mobilising the volunteers and militia in theevent, of an outbreak of Avar. The Government, of New South Wales has decided to submit the federal resolu tions . of the Legislative, Council, as amended by ilie 'Legislative Assembly. At Ciystal-Brook (S.A.) yesterday, a fire destroyed Mr. Solomon's store and its contents,' and Mr. Pingelly's chemist shop. The stock of the latter was saved. A'e meeting of Mr. E. J. Bickford's committee,.' Hvill . be . held in the Mueller Botanic Rooms; this 'evening at 8 o'clock. ' All the committee are asked tt- ; be' present. '? ; ' v Alexander Duncan was killed in the foundry of, G. 'and;C:tHoskins, Sydney, on Saturday -through: a shaft and spindle weighing about oewfey falling a distance of 30 feet on. to his' head. ? ? ??;?? ..The -? ceremony of blessing _the founda tion stoiia of the' Anglican Church at Helena Vale; jvas performed, by Bishop lliley 'on Saturday afternoon in the pre seaice' of ? a lai-ge gathering. : One of, the trucks attached to .the train ;which inns on the Canning Jarrah :T imber.Company's line became derailed on Saturday, afternoon. The accident caused a delay of three hours. ?; ; In accordance '..with' a request made by ith'e Baptist Union, the Rev. J. -8. Beck has consented to t-ake charge of the churjch work at South Perth, ?? in addition to; his duties at Fremantle. Mr. William Andrews, J.P., who was thrown from- his buggy at the .railway crossing iit Katanning1 on Friday even ing, succumbed to his injiuies on Sat urday night.-1-'* He was 72 years of age. A report was seen at the central police stHitioh yesterday, that a, ghost had been seen at the Canning. It was described as 'a riian. attired in tights, with a white ^ cloth about him and large glaring ey^s.' ; Frederick Treggraore was injui'ed in a blasting , accident at Burr ell's, quarry, Cot-tesloe,'-'on Saturday aftemoou. He was conveyed to the Fremantle Hospital, where,, .it', was found that his condition was not dangerous.' ? , .. :r ? On Satui-day afternoon' the following were elected1 members of the-eOmmittee of the ? North Perth Progress- Associa- tion :.— Messrs. Munro, 59 : Gibson, 58 ; ?Kirby, 4-9 ; ' Brown, 48 ; Kirkwpod, Deague, 47, Heafori'Pimg, 37 ; and' Har- ris, 31. . ?'.??''? . ? : The funeral of Miss Marshal], who wn? employed at the Bon Marche estab lishment, and who died from typhoid fever pn Saturday, took place yester day. Her remains were followed'to the Perth Cemetery by the whole of the Bon Marche employes. '-.. In Melbourne yesterday a murderous assault was committed, on an elderly man named L. Uden, a foreigner, living oft' . Cheitwyrid-street. He was struck with a bar of iron, aaid ho lay for six hours in aii unconscious condition. The siim of 16s. was taken from him. At the Kalgoorlio Police Courc . on j Saturday, Ellen Porter, who was the! prosccutrix in a «ise heard last Aveek against two men for disorderly conduct and '.having knocked down tier camp, was charged with sly grog-sellin-r. She was fined .£30, in default three months' imprisonment.. Mr. N. M. Bickford, father of Mr. E. J. Bickford, of Hay-street, is expected to arrive, from the eastern colonies by the s.s. Paroo, due at Fremantle late to-night. Mr. Bickford comes from Victoria, in which colony he has re- sided for upwards of half a century. For thirty years he filled the position as curator of the metropolitan parks and gardens. He comes over on a visit for the benefit of his health, being close on eighty years of age, and we trust the trip will benefit this worthy Vic- torian colonist. 