Thackeray's One- night 'Ghost,*' Many renders of 'The Virginians'' Slave wondered how Thackeray was- able to write so and correct an account of his hero's escape from Fort Duquesne and his journey through the wilderness, as Thackeray had never seen the magnificent valley thorough. which his gallant hero fled after his daring escape. As a matter of fact, Thackeray did not write it at all. He was at a dinner hi London' with Anthony Trollope, Wilkie Collins, and other celebrities. The guest were sitting down to their wine and cigars, when Thackeray, -who ' was entertaining the company with his wit. and satire, suddenly stopped, and looking at his watch, exclaimed ;— ''Gentlemen, I must leave you, I have promised the printer a chapter of ''The Virginians,' to- morrow mourning, and I to go but must a line of it yet. I have to go, but I must; the printer is inexorable; so wishing you all another meeting when I can be longer with you, I bid you a good evening.'' There was present a minor author named Kennedy, and Thackeray had almost reached the door when he called him back and said : ''Perhaps I can write the chapter for you. What are you going to describe? The great novelist seemed a little as- tonished at this bold proposition,but he was too polite to say what he thought. ''Kennedy, you are extremely kind, and gladly would I let you write the chapter for me, for I hate to leave a jolly party in the midst of fun.'' ''Then don't,'' all the company cried. ''Stay with us, and let Mr. Kennedy write it.'' ''I have half a mind to let you do it, just for the fun of the thing. It is a chapter,' chiefly of description, giving an account of my hero's escape from Port Duquesne.'' ''If that's what you are writing about I cam do it,for I know every foot of the ground.'' '' All right, then,'' said Thackeray, re- suming this seat at the board.'' Let me have it early to-morrow morning.'' Mr. Kennedy withdrew, and, going to his home, wrote -the fourth chapter of the second volume of ''The Virginians'' ; and thus at happened that the narrative of the hero's flight was so accurate as to the topo- graphy of the country through which he passed. Printed in New South Wales. 